<review# 1,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/1/2014,11/26/2014,209,524,6,9,7>I have no idea how to eat Mole de Olla politely lol but I recommend it highly anyhow! At Agave this is a stew of tremendously long cooked meat on the bone with fresh corn, green beans and zucchini added at the last minute to a deeply flavorful broth, not very spicy despite the menu's promise. Served with lime wedges and half a dozen warm corn tortillas, a steal at $9. They start you with free chips & salsa, clearly house made corn chips, largely unsalted, the sauce a pale orange with a nice dose of fresh cilantro but rather modest heat, good. We enjoyed great service from our perfectly bilingual server, he answered questions about the food, these gringos didn't feel out of place at all :)My dining companion got the enchilada platter, nicely grilled steak bits inside corn tortillas, all smothered in an interesting red chili sauce that was just a bit warm for her, mild for me. Arroz and frijoles on the side were very good too, yummy house made beans. Vegetarian rating: 1 star, they're making no effort at all. Oh sure you can get guacamole & chips, a salad, maybe cheese quesadillas too.  Frustrating bcos it's so easy to do great veg Mexican dishes, not here tho.Very good food, low prices & great service means I'm a fan despite the lack of margaritas not to mention the location, which is well off the beaten path.
<review# 2,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/17/2014,11/25/2014,236,245,6,7,8>As part of our Latin American tour of the Heights, Bald One, Baby D, and I rolled into Angel Azul Bakery Cafe. Unassuming on the inside as it is on the outside, the smell of sweet pastries and cafe con leche was irresistible!  All types of Colombian and Ecuadorian confections are available here, from creme- and custard-filled goodies to delights stuffed with cheese and guava. Even hot dog and chorizo-stuffed wonders beamed at us from behind the counter. As he's the sweet tooth in the family, Bald One chose a few baked breads for breakfasts (to take home), one cruller-type item filled with a sweet custard, and of course, a cafe con leche. We enjoyed the coffee and pastry in the cafe, with futbol playing on the tele and a steady stream of Spanish-speaking customers keeping things lively, with Baby D sleeping all the while in her stroller alongside the table.Several friendly ladies stopped by and spoke to me in Spanish. Unfortunately, despite my black hair, lightly tanned skin, and ambiguous looks, I was not able to respond in kind. I gestured wildly and smiled, using monosyllabic cognates. From what I gathered, I think they thought the baby was cute and looked just like "Papa." The pastry was delicious and the coffee was milky sweet yet packed a caffeinated punch. The ambiance?  I felt we could have been in Colombia. What the cafe lacked in decor, it more than made up for with the quality of its goods and the sunny service with a smile. I only wish I could understand what they were saying about my baby!
<review# 3,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/27/2014,11/24/2014,98,194,6,12,10>My wife and I were looking for something a little different for our Sunday brunch (sans kids woo hoo!) so we hit up Comfi. There is nothing not to love about this place.  This is a family run establishment. Nice and small with very eclectic decorations.  They had great music playing.  I mean really great music.  I almost asked if it was a Pandora station or their own set list.  I knew we were in for a great experience when my wife ordered a diet coke and the waiter said "with Lemon?"  My wife answered "No" and he said, "you can use our lemons we scrub them."  They have a very yummy breakfast and lunch menu.  Both are available all day.  Love it. Such a great menu.   Think diner but better.  They have very healthy alternatives to traditional diner fare.  The coffee was good.  Which is key for me.  I will not return if the coffee sucks.  I ordered the European breakfast.  This my friends is a belly buster of goodness.  Eggs, bacon, Polish kielbasa oh man...so good.My wife had the healthier choice of the two of us the firefighters best.  A turkey wrap stuffed with fresh goodness.  She loved it.  The staff was very attentive.  We walked out of there fat and happy.  I will be back next weekend for sure.  With the kids this time.
<review# 4,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/1/2014,11/23/2014,235,206,6,11,8>I've been here couple of times with my husband and my in-laws. We are usually a group of 8, but last weekend we were a group of 25. Let me tell you that the food remained at a 5 stars rating. There are so many options to choose from, but I want to tell you about my favorites. To start I truly enjoy their pan fried scallion pancake, I could eat the whole thing it's so perfectly crisp. Love their crispy jumbo prawns with honey walnuts I highly recommend. Peking duck is really well made, it doesn't taste gamey what so ever. Crispy chilean sea bass & scallops in black pepper sauce are phenomenal. These are a few of my favorites, like I said there are many options. This place is consistent with the service and the quality of their food. Extremely efficient staff that is attentive, and oh yeah it's BYOB.
<review# 5,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/3/2014,11/22/2014,228,90,1,6,4>If you're looking for a quick snack or a light dinner, look no further than Koro Koro. They specialize in Onigiri - Japanese rice balls. The menu is very simple and straightforward, detailing each option of onigiri served. In addition they also serve soup and salads, have quite an extensive drink menu as well as ice cream from Milk Sugar Love (tonight they had Lemon Olive Oil, Chocolate Coconut and Mango Sorbet). We tried this place out on a Wednesday night for a late dinner, there were a few people in line but everything moved pretty quickly. The workers were cheerful and answered all questions that patrons in line had, making suggestions of his favorite items on the menu. Each rice ball was handmade fresh and was still warm when we tore into them.Now there is definitely an art to unwrapping the onigiri. I suggest removing the cute sticker first, them pulling down on the red tab and then pull apart the plastic wrappings on either side. It took me a few tries but by the end I was a pro! (sort of)I tried the miso beef and the spicy salmon onigiri. Each rice ball is wrapped between a sheet of seaweed with the filling sandwiched between two beds of rice. The filling to rice ratio was well balanced and not at all overwhelming. The miso beef was delicious, slightly salty and hearty. The salmon was delicious as well, it has a slight crunch to it from the kimchi and was not overly spicy. They had two options of iced tea that night, the Ambrosia and the Detox (we tried both). The Ambrosia tea has a black tea base with a hint of mint while the Detox had light floral notes. Both were served cold and unsweetened. A great top off to a light meal. Other awesome things about Koro Koro - all of their items are gluten free and they also have some vegan options for their onigiri. And while their store front is small, they have a few table sets inside as well as outdoor seating options.
<review# 6,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/4/2014,11/21/2014,39,80,3,5,5>I was pretty skeptical about this place.. Nothing about it from the outside really lured me in. But never judge a book by it's cover, right? Finally checked it out and can safely say this place is solid. We has the sausage pizza w/ broccoli rabe and the meatball bowl. We ordered the smallPizza, which was pretty big! It was tasty but had no sauce. The crust was delicioussss. The meatballs were tasty - that's one food I rarely eat and found them to be cooked well (to me some restaurant meatballs can be mushy) and the sauce was great. For dessert we had the olive oil ice cream (2 thumbs up) and this warm sour cream homemade cookie. I am not on the hunt for olive oil ice cream in real life. Loved the taste!The staff were very friendly but eager beavers. Literally removing our plates as we were still chewing our last bite... Let me pause a beat and feel my feelings! But to their credit. I would rather the waitstaff be over attentive than under attentive. Next time I check this place out I will try the pasta... It looked really good...
<review# 7,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/6/2014,11/20/2014,198,103,5,7,5>I am totally blown away by the food here. Longer review to come, but what a gem.Guttenberg needed a place like this. The food is well prepared, so delicious.The tapas are fantastic.The entrees are fantastic.The service and quality are top notch.The interior decorating and revised architecture of the.space make it w wonderful place for a.special occasion, they even have a beautiful bar and most special, an outdoor terrace off of the fully glass enclosed dining room with a spectacular view of the Hudson river and Manhattan north of 70th.st.Apps we had: Empanadas...wow, fillings were so delicious, we also had the plantain with beef and cheese which were so good we ordered two, and the ham croquettes were yummy too, the avocado salad was fresh and tasty.Grandma had the " little bit of everything" from the tour of Cuba section, I had the smoked pork chops with pineapple was like no other pork chops I've ever had, like ham steaks! Mom had the liver italiana with onions, peppers, was delicious, I tried it.Try the sangria.Will edit, but hurry, get here before you need reservations!
<review# 8,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/3/2014,11/19/2014,259,348,5,8,6>The Bosphorus was a fantastic, appropriately-priced experience for Mediterranean cuisine - one of the best I've had, by far.I came here with my wife for dinner the other night based on all of the great feedback on Yelp, of course. We'd made a reservation for dinner, so it's always nice to see the big "RESERVED" sign on your table as you're seated. Nice.The menu is extremely varied, in an interesting way. They have traditional, Turkish dishes next to some interesting Italian-American offerings as well (for instance, the Calimari for an appetizer). Let's get to it...+Service: The woman we had as our waitress was great. Extremely nice and efficient (although she slipped up with the check, but genuinely apologized and fixed it immediately). She gave us an ice bucket for our wine immediately, and opened our bottle just as quick.+Appetizer: I ordered the Calimari with tartar sauce, and it was delicious. Before I hear a rage about not choosing a Turkish appetizer, my wife ordered the hummus (which was the best hummus I'd ever tasted). There weren't any other Turkish apps that suited me on the menu, so I went with the calamari. Soft, supple squid cooked perfectly, paired with a nice, light tartar sauce. Sometimes tartar sauce can be overpowering, but Bosphorus did it right, and it was a nice companion. We gobbled it up.+Entree: I went ahead and followed your tips, Yelp crew - Lamb Shish, and it was marvelous. The chef's spices on the meat were done perfectly - a LITTLE bit of spice, and a LOT of nice flavors going on. It had a nice Rodizio-esque taste profile, and it was cooked very well: nice and tender, not overdone at all. The shish were served next to a small piece of corn and some rice - both tasted lovely. The corn was nice and sweet, and rolled off the cob. The rice was cooked well, and was nice and soft. On top of all of that, the shish were resting atop potatoes, done beautifully, and paired with the red we chose, it was a great overall meal.+Price: HUGE. Our entire meal wasn't pricey at ALL, and this is definitely a place we will come back to and recommend to friends/family alike. The quality of food for the price is something you don't get too often!
<review# 9,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/6/2014,11/18/2014,54,337,5,4,5>I have to say...this is probably the best place to get bubble tea near Elizabeth/Linden/Rahway. Correct me if I'm wrong.Oh wait, I'm not.I wish Pho Minh's didn't change their bubble tea recipe...whatever they did to it makes it...not so good. Especially the strawberry. Strawberry bubble tea is how I decide how good a place's bubble tea is. This place tastes so clean and pure. I can let it sit for 5 minutes and it won't get...weird. Their Lychee flavor was really good too. They don't have as many flavors as most places...but they have enough. Which probably allows them to make quality bubble tea instead of having over the top flavors like Oreo Apple Seaweed Crunch.Or something.It's attached to a Chinese place. From the outside it just looks so......unassuming. Like a stereotypical Chinese Take Out place.But they have Steak Stuffed Tortilla.Like...what?Teriyaki is bangin' by the way.But Steak Stuffed Tortilla? Why?Because YOLO. That's why.
<review# 10,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/28/2014,11/17/2014,383,500,5,5,5>I knew I had a problem when I heard the sound of gushing water and it wasn't raining outside. I opened the closet to my hot water heater and saw it erupting and I knew it wasn't the ideal start to my day.  I shut off the water valve and my doorman/super both suggested calling Royal.I called, they quoted me exactly what my super said, and I agreed (how long do you want to be without water, gas, or AC!?).  They came in a couple of hours, pumped the 50 gallons of water out of my broken heater, hauled away the old one, and installed a new Rheem hot water heater in two hours.  They handed me an invoice (which is due in 30 days) and I was shocked how seamless it was.
<review# 11,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/2/2014,11/16/2014,266,172,6,5,4>Yo seriously this has some of the best wieners I've ever tasted!  Juicy, plump, and memorable wieners!  You can have your fill of wieners from Japan to Greece, India to Colombia, Germany to New Brunswick--it's like a cacophony of international wiener goodness!  My most recent visit brought me to this place when I and my coworkers were the only ones in the restaurant on a Thursday for Happy Hour (which starts at 5 btw).  I had their nice selection of draughts on tap to start and ordered two dogs with a side of truffle fries.  This time around I ordered the Howlamo and the Conquistadog.  The Howlamo is wild boar sausage w/ pork belly, chicharrones, baconaisse, and scallions. Holy canine this was awesome!  So much porky goodness on that one dish, my heart stopped a couple of times.  The Conquistadog was a wiener (heh play on words there) as well in my book especially with its spicy chorizo, potatoes, spicy mayo, and scallions.  Definitely gives you some strong Spanish flavors to tingle the taste buds.  Their dogs are sandwiched between toasted and buttered bread that just soaks up all of the flavors.  Every time I come to this place I always leave happy, full, and 10 pounds heavier!  That, my good ladies and gentleman, is the reason why I make my way to this Destination often.
<review# 12,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/2/2014,11/15/2014,268,34,9,12,12>For more years than I can remember I've been cramming into this tiny slice of heaven, working my way past the artisan ice cream, to find the tiny little miracles in a fancy glass case, called.... cupcakes. In all the years, and over countless celebrations, we have NEVER been let down by a single cupcake. The cake portion of the cupcake is equally as yummy, and as perfectly cake-like as it can be. The frosting is not to be missed. Period! They offer chocolate and vanilla cupcakes that melt in your mouth and then top them with either butter cream or chocolate frosting. I don't recommend the larger cupcake to my friends, because the flavor is exactly the same of it's tinier caloric counterpart. But by all means, if you simply want MORE, then GO FOR IT! I further  recommend the vanilla frosting to my friends, over the chocolate. The chocolate is always great, and perfectly mastered. But it tastes familiar to other chocolate recipes. The vanilla frosting stands out as the most unique flavor of butter cream I have ever experienced. It's sweet and just a tiny salty, leaving your taste buds in such a quandary that you keep eating and tasting to see if it's the 'sweet' you're digging or the 'savory' your craving. It's hard not to want to devour what ever size of cupcake you purchase as your make your way through your flip-flopping taste buds. It's quite rich, but not over done. On to other, non frozen treats.....Their cookies have also not once disappointed me. I love the lemon and lavender and ginger flavorings. They also sell this amazing caramel by a company called Lidbits. The Bent Spoon has something for everyone, including amazing coffee. And it's ALWAYS GREAT!Now, I will mention I have also enjoyed their ice cream very much over the years. I am not a huge fan of ice cream in general. But The Bent Spoon does have some way-out-there flavorings which remind me of those little Jelly Belly beans that seemed to be inspired by Willy Wonka himself. Ice cream choices friends have picked while I've been along, include corn and bacon- it was loved! A beer flavored inspiration from either River Horse or Triumph, I forget. Again, devoured. And many other flavors that are always changing, from typical to unusual. True confession, the only ice cream I  ever get excited about, not being an ice cream kind of girl, is their lavender. It's out of the world. But, I usually still buy a tiny vanilla buttercream cupcake for later.
<review# 13,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/5/2014,11/14/2014,324,316,4,12,7>Little Sheep connects people to a piece of East Asian culture: the hot pot. In my family, we had hot pot on holidays. We just had water in our pot, but Little Sheep starts you off with a milky stock that has all sorts of magical spices roiling around in there. You can get a spicy broth or a regular one, and I was on the side of the table that had a regular pot. There is a condiments bar that has spices in it, so you can get your own spices as well. There is chili oil, cilantro, scallions and a few other choices. With hot pot, you get some meats, noodles, and vegetables and put it all in to make an assorted stew. To prevent overcooking, it's good to go in approximate rounds: put in a bunch of stuff at first, but then eat most of it before you put in more. This is also because after you put in the raw ingredients, you have to wait for it to cook. The meats are thinly sliced, so they cook in just a couple of minutes. Some types of fish balls or shrimp dumplings take a little longer-- maybe 6-8 minutes. The other thing on the topic of germs is that the metal ladles in the pot are what you should use to get the food, not your chopsticks (does that seem obvious? It was not to all of my associates :p)For choices I would recommend: sliced meats (I checked off the lamb and beef that had the little sheep picture next to it, and we got others as well), house fish balls, tiger shrimp, shrimp balls, plenty of the green leafy vegetables such as bok choy and napa cabbage, lotus root, sponge tofu, enoki mushrooms, and quail eggs. The hot pot dumplings and fish dumplings were pretty good but I liked the shrimp ones the best. For sides I liked the edamame which was done with some different spices. If you like breads, they have fried rolls and sesame pancake. The sesame pancake is a little dome bread with scallions and oil in it. The fried rolls were tastier in my opinion, though I have forgotten exactly what they tasted like :p They both come with condensed milk as a dipping sauce. I used that very sparingly. For drinks their bubble tea was good. Some places use artificial, plasticky bubbles but these were good--soft and fresh. I had the honey green tea bubble tea. Overall everything was freshly prepared and clean, and hot pot is a healthy communal meal. One note: they do need to fix their faucets. The light sensor doesn't work very well. Ask for help from the staff if you can't get them to go on, since they know the trick to it.
<review# 14,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/16/2014,11/13/2014,107,211,1,8,6>Ordered from here for hubby's birthday. He was worried we didn't order enough food. Yeah, that wasn't a problem. You will not be hungry after eating at Cranford BBQ, guaranteed. We ordered the Chorizo appetizer and split the combo of chicken and ribs with sides of salad and fries. We both loved the chorizo but still ended up only eating about half of it. The chicken and ribs were great though we preferred the chicken a bit more. It's flavorful and not dried out which is rare when you get chicken out. The salad was fine and I appreciated that they packed it separately so it didn't get warm from the other food. The only thing we didn't love were the french fries which were underdone for our tastes. You could definitely tell they were fresh, they just weren't as crispy as we like. No worried - we'll just ask for them well done next time. Great food and service here - looking forward to adding this to the regular rotation.
<review# 15,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/9/2014,11/12/2014,111,200,1,14,10>I've been waiting for this place to open for weeks! I accidentally wandered in here one day when they were still setting up and I couldn't wait to come back because my brief view of the interior seemed quite promising. I feel like I live in a coffee shop desert, so this is an extremely welcome addition to George Street and I'm especially thankful that its not yet another iteration of a burger joint. First of all, the space is huge! The store front may look small, but it goes back at least 100 yards with a small loft like area in the back. The muted earth tones and the wicker/leather chairs gives the vibe of a sophisticated log cabin. There's also a space perfect for studying in the back with an abundance of outlets, free moderately fast wifi and a decent amount of seating. The tables aren't huge so you can't really spread out, but there's more than enough space for a laptop, a latte and a snack, which, let's face it, is all you need. A cafe is only as good its coffee and Cafe Bene's is pretty good. My friend and I got the Chai Tea and Green Tea Lattes and they were on point! Strong chai/green tea flavors in both and the small was decent size. The prices were a little pricier than Starbucks at 3.95 for a small latte, but I think its worth it. The only thing is that both were a little on the sweeter side. We also tried one of the their waffles and gelato combinations. I haven't a waffle like that since I was in Belgium. They are slightly more dense and chewy than American waffles which means that it holds up to the ice cream and whipped cream that they put on top much better. We ate our waffle over 30 min and it retained its structural integrity to the last bite. The pistachio gelato that they put on top was not the best I've had, but still good. I feel like the pistachio flavor could be more prevalent and it could be creamier. The only other bad thing thing was that the internet got very spotty after 5 pm. I don't know if it was the cafe or the internet in general, but we couldn't work there anymore. Hopefully, when there's a bunch of people in there using the internet, it won't cause problems.The servers here were very friendly and efficient. They don't have to deal with high volume during the summer time, so hopefully they will be just as speedy with the drinks during the regular school year. I foresee many long afternoons spent here as I work my way through their collection of waffles.  10% discount for students!$10 minimum for credit card
<review# 16,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/10/2014,11/11/2014,490,111,5,10,6>I have been hemming & hawing about writing this review - not because it isn't great, cauz it is as you can see from my 5 stars (and I almost never give 5 stars!). It's because this place is a truly hidden gem (not even a sign up except for something in the window), & if I yelp about it, I may not be able to get a table!The food is amazing - let them guide you as to cheeses, meats, & salads. I love the beet salad, mediterranean salad, the mac 'n cheese is to die for (ask them & they w/make it veggie w/o the bacon), great selection of cheeses, & their grilled sandwiches are heavenly. I have not eaten anything here that I don't like. Plus, I love the high top pub style tables with stools, the servers who are all "hipster", their knowledge of the menu, & the fact that they are always happy to whip up a custom mocktail for me since I don't drink alcohol. Finally, their prices are truly reasonable & we are always surprised by the total bill being so low when we eat here.I will definitely be going here again, they have lots of variety on the menu & I already have my favorites. So...see you there!
<review# 17,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/25/2014,11/10/2014,247,104,9,11,9>AJA Mondays!   That's where it's at.  And that's where I'll be.  So if you see me there, you better say hello and buy me a drink!  Why, you ask?  'Cause drinks are half off ALL NIGHT LONG ON MONDAYS!  That's why.  And TVs in the bar and lounge area make this spot ideal for MNF (that's Monday Night Football for those who don't talk acronym)(Corny) Jokes aside, I really like this place.  It's a versatile establishment where the decor and ambiance are ideal for romantic dates and/or rowdy groups.  The food menu has Asian cuisine from many (not all) Asian countries: Japan makes up the majority with some dishes from China, Thailand, Malaysia and India.The one thing that bothers me is that the staff is not well versed on the menu especially when it comes to the Japanese names of their sushi items.  It's very rare that you'll fine a server who doesn't know what Uni is...and when you do, you give them this look like "ummmm....really?  That's something you should know!"I also asked if they could make me a maki with ika, uni and shiso and our server said they don't have shiso....NOT TRUE.  They serve some of their cold dishes with shiso so I assume she didn't know what that was and didn't bother to ask.  I'll brush it off and try again next time.Prices are moderate and they have a nice variety of specialty cocktails.  Hot sake by the carafe is delicious as well.Yellowtail Serrano Chili is one of my fave small plates and can't go wrong with the Miso Marinated Chilean Sea Bass appetizer.Really love the "Exotic Bomba" dessert. That's a must have!
<review# 18,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/30/2014,11/9/2014,372,267,6,11,10>I am absolutely in love with this restaurant. Not only is it warm, loving and welcoming inside but this will be a true dining experience if youre a typical American like myself. Smell, taste, touch, and sight ---most of the senses will be wide awake at Mesob. The flavour profile of these exotic "dishes" is whats really intriguing. Also, dont forget that you eat with your hands. WELL, there are options for utensils--but why? I suggest to get an appetizer along with your "dish". Altho you will fill up on the "bread", the fillings and dips themselves are small portions.  "Katenga" is the appetizer that i enjoyed the most. its the traditional bread dish "injera", drenched in a buttery and garlic and spice sauce.There are many options for vegetarians/vegans here, which is one of the best feelings ever. With that sad, the Shiro was really delish. At glance, it resembles baby food so dont be turned off. but its filling: pureed split peas cooked with red onions and garlic. Along that, i got the "KIK ALETCHA " which was another yellow lentil puree type of side. Not feeling that. The spicy potatoes-DINICH WAT- were good, but honestly none of this was spicy. Maybe they went easy on me.I recommend anyone to open up their mind to try something new, something fun and delicious while dining at Mesob. It has led me to believe that this restaurant is just the tip of the ice berg of what there is more to offer and eat in Ethiopia.(and PS. when you check in, you get a free APP for the table!
<review# 19,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/17/2014,11/8/2014,206,196,9,8,10>I come to The Rail Yard Tavern practically every other Thursday for the live jazz happy hour when the J. Taylor Leach Quartet is playing. The place itself is pretty big. There's the front restaurant & bar area with all of the tvs, then if you walk through the doorway there's the pizza place, and also a back room to sit if you want to be in a quieter section away from the band.I've been testing out a bunch of different food on the menu. Some items blew me away. Their sweet potato fries are right at the top of my list. They are perfectly crispy on the outside with that sweet potato goodness on the inside. I snatched some of my friends regular ol french fries last time I was there, and those are even delish.Furthermore, I have been saving up my carb count all week so I can indulge in their super delicious Margherita personal pizza tonight! I have been looking forward to it ALL day!!! Home stretch baby. I will be sure to order it with one of their $7 proseccos, which I enjoy because it comes in a mini prosecco bottle and I get a little more than 1 glass out of it. Hooray for Thirsty Thursday!!My parents have had some of the entrees and raved about them too. My mom's actually driven up from an hour away to meet me here for dinner multiple times. Other things on the menu that are pretty good, but not my all time faves: quesadillas, fish & chips, etc. Haven't had a bad meal/experience yet. As the Duchess, I'm obvi a fan.
<review# 20,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/10/2014,11/7/2014,1162,532,9,12,7>Normally, I don't do steakhouses. Not to toot my own horn, but I've always said the best steak I've ever had came out of my own kitchen. Not to mention I really despise the concept of a-la-carte. But Char blew my socks off on so many levels, I have no choice but to give them 5 stars.Four of us went here on a Saturday night. The earliest reservation we could get, day of, was 8:45. Hungry after a day of beaching it at Pier Village, we arrived right on time. The guy at the desk told us the reservation was for 9:00, not 8:45, but I don't know how that's possible when I booked us on Open Table. Whatever. It was probably just a ploy to get us to buy a round of drinks at the bar before being seated, but I'm not going to groan over 15 minutes. One minor complaint I will voice, however, is the cocktail selection. Not the most creative or expansive list of options. The sangria was okay while the caipirinha was meh. No lime pulp to be seen anywhere in the drink, and it simply didn't taste like any other caipirinha I've had. But, I had to remind myself that I wasn't in a churrascaria. I was in a classic American steakhouse. So for the rest of the night, I stuck with the one thing a good steakhouse couldn't possibly mess up: red wine. Their mark ups are as ridiculous as most places, but everyone was happy with the $56 bottle of Kaiken Malbec, which retails for about $14.00.Onto the dinner ...To start, my lady loved her kobe meat ball. For $12.95, I was expecting a small little ball, but was rather impressed by the generous portion. A hearty serving packed with flavor. Not crunchy on the outside, yet not mushy on the inside. "The best meatball I've ever had," she said.My buddy's lady was happy with her French onion soup, but this appetizer is so difficult to screw up, it's not worth going into details over. I will say the price was reasonable at $8.95. For the size of the crock, they could probably get away with charging more, but I respect them for not.My buddy and I couldn't decide on seafood apps so we went with the seafood tower (clams, shrimp cocktail, East and West coast oysters and tuna tartare). I loved the presentation. About a year ago, Tom P. posted a pic of the oysters and clams from the raw bar with a subtitle reading, "Very fresh oysters and clams but the dry ice is just plain cheesy and circa 1982." Good news, Tom! The dry ice seems to have melted. To quote Will Ferrell in Old School referring to Frank The Tank, "Those days are over."One thing we all agreed on is that we wanted to share the 48 oz. Porterhouse for two ($45/per person). The only thing we couldn't agree on was the temperature. The guys wanted it rare, the ladies medium-rare. We explained this to our highly professional and efficient server, Dakota, and by golly, that steak came out somewhere between rare and medium-rare. Impressive.While I would have liked turf and turf by paring the steak with either the lamb, pork or veal chop, everyone else wanted to surf. So we aimed for the 2 lb. lobster, which they were out of, so instead opted for the crab cakes, which were banging. Hands down among the top 3 crab cakes I've ever had, and I'm a Ravens fan who has spent a lot of time in Baltimore. Nice crunch, but the corn relish made the dish.As for the sides, the fries were amazing. I like the incorporation of the chopped jalapenos to add some heat. As for the "lobster mac and cheese," it should really be called "mac and cheese with lobster." The amount of lobster was laughable. For $11.95, I'd be surprised if we got one ounce worth.We concluded with the chocolate cake. I had my eye on that bad boy the minute we walked in the door. This is definitely a portion for sharing among 4 people, but not even the 4 of us could finish it. While it was $14.95, it was worth every bite.Overall, we loved the ambience, the service was on point, the food was excellent, and while the prices are what you'd expect for a steakhouse, the portions are very generous.
<review# 21,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/30/2014,11/6/2014,175,583,7,7,9>OMG Place is decorated so hip and funky!  Service was amazing.  We were early for our 7pm reservation but were able to be seated early.  Good thing because by the time 7pm rolled around, they had a full house and about a line of 15 out the door.Food:Best ramen hands down.  I had the pork broth Ani Ramen with 2 add ons - mushrooms and seaweed.  The taste was unbelievable.We also split the pork buns (OMG) Cucumber (S000 good)and the Gyoza.  Cannot wait to go back.
<review# 22,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/23/2014,11/5/2014,33,280,1,10,6>This is the best car wash I've found in the area. It's also the cheapest - an exterior wash is $8. They have self-serve or full-service vacuums ($8 or $1, respectively) and a detailing service. You also don't need to get out of your car, which is a big plus for me. We tried their "Red Carpet X-Press" service last week, which costs $25 and is essentially a lite detailing. No appointment is necessary. They cleaned and vacuumed every inch of the car. I'm not sure even a full detailing would've been noticeably better. Plus, it only takes them about 10 - 15 minutes to do this, which is much better than waiting the two to three hours a full detailing will take.
<review# 23,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/27/2014,11/4/2014,49,68,1,15,6>I'm very Type A, so before I got my first tattoos, I did a TON of research on different  tattoo shops and artists in the area. Nothing compared to Hole in the Sky (and seriously - I really did my homework). I went in on a Tuesday as a walk in, after emailing back and forth for a bit and being told that walk ins are on a first come, first serve basis, so when I went in I was expecting to at least schedule an appointment. The place is easy to find, and is incredibly clean and sterile, so you know it's a safe place to go. The prices were also fantastic, though with tattoos, price wasn't at all a concern of mine.They took me right away and were so sweet and funny right off the bat. They put me at ease, which I think is pretty important for when you're getting your first tattoo. Joe, my tattoo artist, offered a placement suggestion for one of my tattoos (I got two in one session because they were pretty small), and I ended up loving his idea and going with it. I had Joe copy a drawing that my grandfather had done for me, so it was sentimental and really important that it looked identical. He more than delivered and was very patient when I tried to figure out an exact placement on my arm. I was nervous, and he definitely put me at ease (along with the other guys in the shop), and I walked away with two perfect tattoos and clear instructions on how to take care of them.Worth noting - it is cash only, but if you don't know that and ignorantly hand them a credit card, as I did, there is a 7-11 next door with an ATM. I'll definitely be back for more - perfect experience.
<review# 24,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/31/2014,11/3/2014,78,103,4,8,11>This is a splendid place to take in the stunning view of the NYC skyline.It does tend to get crowded during summer evenings but later at night,when the crowd thins out,this is a great romantic place to saunter hand-in-hand with your SO.There is a pretty small lighthouse which adds to the overall charm.Its a conveniently short walk from the PATH station and a perfect spot to relax on the benches or take a leisurely stroll .If I was living in the Newport area, I can very well see myself making this walk a part of my daily routine but sadly I dont and I have to settle for coming here only at times I end up in Newport mall.
<review# 25,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/6/2014,11/2/2014,92,129,5,6,4>Dynamite! This place and it's wonderful owners makes me want to quit my job, and make my husband quit his, to open a cheese shop just like it. So quaint and delicious!Cheese. Who can hate it?? Then you pair it with a baguette and two lovely connoisseurs and you have one fine Summit addiction. Love the variety and generosity. They have genuine sandwiches with fresh ingredients and bread. I am scared that this is where all my money will go. I have been finding excuses to go here. No seating. It's just standard cheese shop but with a friendly and warm vibe. MUST GO!
<review# 26,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/6/2014,11/1/2014,116,152,4,6,7>Libraries are cool and this one is double cool because PEOPLE ACTUALLY USE IT!!! Amazing. Usually, I stop in to kill time, breeze through an issue of Scientific American, and the place is abandoned, just me and possibly a bored retiree snoring and face planted in an issue of Us Weekly. Not Summit. This town reads. Love that.Typical amenities: free wifi, some club chairs by the periodicals, group study rooms, desks. The bathrooms could use a reno and they frown on beverages anywhere in the building, but they do have an art gallery through a partnership with the visual arts center of NJ, if I remember correctly. Parking lot is free after 6, muni-meter prior. Read on, Summit.
<review# 27,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/23/2014,10/31/2014,255,421,8,12,9>Lunch is, by far, the most delicate meal of the day. Once you get to work, you spend the rest of the morning trying to make it to noon. And you rely on your lunch to refuel & re-energize you for the rest of the afternoon. One mistake -- one bad lunch break -- and your day is pretty much ruined.With that said, you can understand my reluctance to try a New Lunch Place. I've had three restaurants in constant rotation in Hoboken, because I could trust them to give me a solid, reliable midday meal. I am a creature of routine. But today, I couldn't shake my sandwich craving, so a quick Yelp search brought me to Fran's Italian Deli.Online ordering? Check.Walking distance? Check.No "long line" warnings? Check.Soft bread option? BIG CHECK.Balsamic vinegar (alone) as a condiment option? SOLD.My sandwich was ready by the time I walked to the deli (about 10 mins). "I just wrapped this up!" the woman behind the counter said with a smile as she handed it to me. First impression? For a little over $7, this sandwich was as long as my forearm! And it only got better when I sat down to eat.A soft hero (!!!) surrounding a core of fresh, delicious, perfect roast beef inside a generous ring of provolone. Shredded lettuce, fresh tomatoes, and a non-overwhelming amount of onions. PERFECTION. I probably could have gone for a little more balsamic on the sandwich, and if I had eaten in-house (in-deli?), I would have asked for more. I couldn't finish the whole thing, but I gave it the old college (grad school?) try. My friends were a little jealous when they saw my sandwich, and I told them about this awesome new deli I found on Hudson Street. You've got some fans, Fran!So all in all, I was greatly impressed. And apparently I have to try the mutz?! Maybe next time. And oh yeah ... there's gonna be a next time. Welcome to the Regular Lunch Rotation, Fran's.
<review# 28,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/15/2014,10/30/2014,195,235,15,19,19>My Woodbridge girl Tracy R. has been raving about Brooklyn Boys Pizza and Deli for months. It is not like her to gush over a pizza place (of all things) so I knew that I needed to gas up my whip, head down the Turnpike, and let her show me this amazing place.We started with an order of fried calamari (as per). Nicely crispy and almost tempura-like batter with two dipping sauces (marinara and a creamy dressing). We ordered a large pizza - half margherita and half tri-color (house-made pesto, ricotta, and marinara). God I love ricotta!!! We also split a slice of the buffalo chicken pizza. This had a nice spicy kick and I would not be opposed to ordering a pizza of just that in the near future. I must comment about the crust - it was fabuloso. A little bit on the thin side, but not too thin. If you like a thick crust, then this might not be the best place for you.You can dine-in, pick up, or order delivery. There is waitstaff service if you decide to dine in, which is always appreciated. There is not a whole lot of seating, but the tables seem to turn over relatively quickly."Pizza, pizza, pizza!" - Jerri Blank; Strangers with Candy
<review# 29,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/7/2014,10/29/2014,308,247,4,8,4>CKO always reminds me of  C & C Music Factory's 'Everybody Dance Now' because I always feel like I am going to 'sweat till I bleed whenever' I workout there. You will work every single part of your body.  My first week I was hurtin (so good) in places I didn't;'t know could hurt. Best. Workout. Ever. All of the instructors are great and all have their own style that are all equally butt kicking. Joe is the owner who gives you the most straight up kickboxer experience. Zee plays awesome jams and incorporates lots of other work-out moves and equipment, and John is just an overall a great workout and has you running around that gym.  A lot. It's gonna cost you,  but I have paid the same for other full gyms. The difference is that I am at CKO at least four times  a week - because I actually want to go. So  in just a month I can already see results and just overall I feel awesome. It's worth every penny. I wish I had found it sooner!
<review# 30,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/1/2014,10/28/2014,151,162,4,11,9>Menya Sandaime has been opened for about a month and has been gaining high praise ever since. I see a lot of people saying that this is the best ramen in the area/better than NY/etc. Let me adjust the bar a little so you won't be disappointed by hyperbole. Menya Sandaime is pretty good, but not better than the best in NY. Do I think Menya Sandaime is better than some of the other ramen places in the local area, even though a few are Japanese-owned? Yup. Menya Sandaime edges out Batten Ramen and Ramen Setagaya. Better than Mitsuwa? Well that depends and I'll explain in a second.I've tried the Black Ramen (Kuro Ramen) and Miso Ramen. The Black Ramen is surprisingly on the spicy side. The Miso Ramen is also not like a typical Miso broth but closer to a tonkotsu broth. Both were cooked well, had springy noodles, and good melty meat. The thing is though, the flavor profiles ARE differ than an authentic Japanese ramen restaurant, so if you are thinking in terms of, "spicy is going to taste like this, miso is going to taste like this, tonkotsu will taste like this," you'll be a little surprised. It is definitely Japanese-style ramen but it is not Japanese ramen. Does that make sense?This is just my opinion: Menya Sandaime in theory, should taste the best based on the overall "hand-craftedness" of the ramen but I still prefer the flavor profile at Mitsuwa. Also, I really wish Menya Sandaime would marinate their hard-boiled eggs longer because they lack deep flavor beyond the outside layer. (But I am still happy with a free egg)Anyway, I do like Menya Sandaime but I like their hand-made gyoza more than their ramen. Let me say that one more time:HAND-MADE GYOZA! $5.00 for six plump, hand-made gyoza. You have to get this if you go to Menya Sandaime. They take a little longer to make but they are definitely worth it. To summarize, best things about Menya Sandaime:-hand-made gyoza-noodles are fresh and made in-house (straight kind, not curly kind though)-the fatty char-siu pork in the ramenThanks for reading.
<review# 31,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/27/2014,10/27/2014,19,132,9,10,9>I can't speak much to the restaurant part of the Red Stone Tavern, but what I saw: I liked.The Red Stone Tavern is a cozy, casual bar and restaurant with an Italian bent. The bar is well stocked, the bartenders friendly (even as my group of friends strolled in at 11:30pm to a mostly empty scene), and the food much better (and MUCH larger) than typical bar fare.By the time we walked in, the kitchen was limited to appetizers. Luckily, appetizers at this time were half-price. I went with an order of the Red Stone Lollipops: fried risotto-and-mozzarella balls on sticks in a zesty tomato sauce. The tender and vaguely lemony rice clung to the strand of mozzarella, and the tomato sauce made for a fine compliment. And an order is probably enough for two: the rice balls were pretty large, and the plate was heaped with eight of 'em. The gargantuan size applied to other apps, too: there were at least ten wings per order of Buffalo wings and the heap of nachos threatened to overflow the plate.All in all, a fine stop on 46 East.
<review# 32,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/23/2014,10/26/2014,182,387,5,10,6>Been here now for over a year while also having memberships at other gyms (I'm a gym rat, sue me). But this is definitely my go to gym (will be canceling the others once those years are up). Still loving the classes and instructors. I even now pay for personal training with Nina L. and she is awesome. Kicks my butt into full gear and my bf loves her for it. She even checks up on me during the week to see how I'm doing. I had to push this gym to 5 stars because I don't think I stayed at a gym for more than a year before this one. The employees here always make me feel welcome. The instructors are awesome and make sure I show up. Also, the other members of the gym are all amazing. They're so friendly compared to other gyms I go to where people pretty much ignore each other like you don't exist.
<review# 33,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/3/2014,10/25/2014,186,72,7,11,7>As much as I love this place, it can be a little difficult to get here because the location sucks. It isn't the easiest to get to and get out of especially if there's a lot of traffic (it's in the corner where Rt. 46, 23 and 80 merge/split). Honestly, I probably would have never came here because I never noticed it but my Italian friends brought me here a while back and I fell in love! I keep coming back despite it's location because the pastries here are phenomenal!They have so many baked goods here I'm always overwhelmed when I come in but I always try to get something different. The desserts are very authentic and fresh. Prices are reasonable - $1.50 for the smaller pastries and $2.50 for the bigger ones (FYI get the bigger cannoli because it has 3x more the cream!). I can't speak for the entrees since I've never ordered it yet but the coffees here are delicious!! There are so many coffee options you can get too which is always a plus (some are very fancy that you can't get anywhere else in the area.. at least not that I know of). Staff is great - they are very helpful, patient and polite. You know this is an authentic Italian cafe when the employees speak in Italian. This is by far the best Italian bakery in the area! I highly recommend the cannolis, tiramisu, lobster tail, cannoncini, chocolate mousse cream puffs.. ok I'll stop right there.. EVERYTHING I've tried here was good. you can't go wrong with anything.The ambiance here is a little different from the usual bakery but still very relaxing. The lights are fluorescent white and all the furniture is white. I actually kind of like it, it's nice to have something different once in a while (Also, you can take great food photos in this lighting haha). The entire place is very clean too. I can't wait to come back and try more - if their pastries are this good, their entrees must be just as authentic and fresh. This is a great spot of you want to pick up a cake for a special occasion, surprise the family with small treats or just to catch up with a friend. Highly recommend! Don't let it's strange location prevent you from coming here.
<review# 34,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/31/2014,10/24/2014,109,65,7,11,7>I think I've found my favorite Korean restaurant. Hands down, this place offers the best vegetarian bibimbap I've had so far. Other places skimp on the variety of vegetables, but not here. Thin slices of tofu, cabbage, carrot, onion, zucchini, bean sprouts, pepper, lettuce, lots of mushroom and a sprinkle of seaweed on top. Tasty as heck. $13 for a good size, I had leftovers to take home.Very swanky place. It stands out from all the other shops on the street so it's been catching my eye for a while. It's sleekly modern atmosphere makes it the best looking restaurant I've been to in Fort Lee.The service was excellent. Our waiter was fluent in English and very helpful. Busboys and other servers were very friendly as well. Our waters and teas were filled promptly.Even if this place was a hole in the wall with bad service, I would still return just for the bibimbap. Thankfully it's a nice place all around, and definitely worth visiting.
<review# 35,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/27/2014,10/23/2014,159,162,8,17,9>Yummy! I've always been a big fan of Japanese cuisine but it's kind of hard here in jersey to find good tempura. I'm so happy that this food stall has opened and replaced katsu. Wasn't a big fan of that bread pork chop and chicken dishes. I came here on a Thursday but it was really busy because of the Japanese gourmet fair that was occurring in the store. The wait for my order was 20-25 minutes. I have to say it's their delicious sauce that makes the big and delightful difference. Tempura tends to have that fried oily taste after a while...BUT their delicious sauce is what balances the oily fried taste. I ordered the #1 & #5 but the only difference between the two is that #5 has the fish filet too. That was pretty much the only downer. The portions are generous and I left that place feeling overly stuffed and satisfied. Will come and enjoy other items on their menu.
<review# 36,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/18/2014,10/22/2014,1178,314,10,27,21>Since I've moved into Jersey City several months ago, I've countlessly been asked: "How do you like it?" At first, it was simply a place to live, an apartment to return to after long days at work and play across the Hudson River. But, when you stumble on places like Banyan Cafe, it can change perspectives. I'd passed by the venue several times while it was in the process of construction; it's located on a predominantly residential street, a lone business along a long stretch of townhouses and apartments. When I saw the first few reviews for Banyan Cafe pop up, I invited my friend, a long-time JC resident, to join me for lunch.There's a quirk and charm that the space has, a feeling that's become so elusive in the era of chain coffee shops and cafes, all vying to become the nation's "third place". Banyan doesn't try, and it's for that reason that it's so easy to feel at home. A handful of circular tables and chairs and a counter area that doubles as the kitchen make up the venue. The menu is written on several blackboards on the wall, detailing out a tempting array of drinks, omelettes, and sandwiches.The iced coffee I ordered was delicious, and Dania [1] was kind enough to ask if the milk-to-coffee ratio was to my liking, and was more than happy to adjust it when I noted it was a little dilute. Banyan also offers a tempting array of pastries, offered at either $2 per pastry, or $5 for 3. Despite the fact that he was loaded with orders, Angel [1] asked if I'd like the cranberry muffin I ordered heated as well; it was delivered to my table thoughtfully sliced in half, and with a smile. And while the meal options here aren't expansive, there isn't a need for them to be. The sandwiches, spanning across a Cuban, Roast Beef and Roast Chicken, Club, and Vietnamese, are all pretty tempting. And the omelettes have a few pre-set combinations (Veggie, B.L.T., and Cheesy Avocado) as well as a make-your-own; and there's no limit on the number or type of ingredients you can select for the latter. The Make-Your-Own-Omelette I opted for was a generous plate, despite its pricing at a mere $6 an order. Chock full of ham, bacon, tomatoes, onions, spinach, and Swiss cheese, it was served with a lightly dressed side salad and buttered toast. The omelette was warm, well-seasoned, and the texture of the egg spot-on; not too soft and runny, but neither densely packed nor charred. I'm a firm believer in breakfast for lunch or dinner, and this omelette is a prime example of why. The half of the Vietnamese Sandwich I tried was delicious as well. The roast pork was shredded and seasoned, and complemented by carrots, cilantro, cucumber, jalapeno slices, and an aromatic garlic aoili to tie all the ingredients together. I was perhaps even more delighted with the bread - lightly pressed to provide some crunch and crispness, but still doughy and toothsome.What else is there to say? A genuinely welcoming place, delicious food, and outlets and WiFi [2] should be enough reason to make a visit here. After all, Banyan Cafe truly is a neighborhood place - a family-run business whose focus is on giving their best to the community they live and work in.--[1] Co-owners Angel and Dania are also husband and wife; if perusing Yelp reviews leads you to Banyan, please let let them know![2] There are two outlets near the front of the cafe; make sure you get those tables if you plan on doing work. The WiFi password can be obtained by (politely) asking.
<review# 37,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/4/2014,10/21/2014,150,87,25,29,27>Located in a strip mall next to Target, McDonalds, and Starbucks. This is a specialty pizza place that makes coal brick oven pizza.The prices are bit high at $16.25 for a large 18" plain pie. The size of the pie is quite large, so that does make up for some of the premium you have to pay.The taste of the pizza is really good. The sauce always has a fresh and clean taste to it. The fresh mozzarella also adds a nice flavor to the pizza.I don't usually dine in, but I have on occasion. The service is OK, but the dining area is somewhat cramped. For take out, which is what I usually get, it takes about 20 minutes or so.For both dine in and takeout its cash only.
<review# 38,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/15/2014,10/20/2014,156,84,27,31,28>Fan of personal customized thin crust pizzas with fresh ingredients? Come right here!Luckily this BYOB is right around the corner from our apartment so we walk over here once in a while. It's kind of difficult to see this place from the street as it is tucked behind the Chipotle.Staff takes your order on a tablet, you pick the base pizza and then you pick the toppings which are mostly $1 / topping. They have side dishes, too, of which the cheese balls are our favorites. You pay then sit down and they bring you the food.Last time, I got a margherita-based pizza with pepperoni, onions and arugula. The pizza was 12", thin and floppy with somewhat burnt crust, which the black part you shouldn't eat. The floppiness I can understand since it is so thin, it can't hold the weight of the toppings. You just have to eat it like a taco. The sauce is delicious, and as far as I'm concerned, is the best part of the pizza. The pepperoni was thin, long, crispy and slightly spicy. The arugula is a nice touch that balances out the heaviness of the cheese and meat. All the ingredients seemed quite fresh. It was a very enjoyable pizza.I am glad this place is here in Madison and we'll be coming back for sure.
<review# 39,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/4/2014,10/19/2014,148,255,7,11,7>Love it. A $5 sandwich that isn't Subway! I'm a pork all day kind of guy. Now, with that being said the Lemongrass beef was amazing. I think I actually like it more then the bbq pork if not at least equal. I got both the beef and bbq pork to split with a buddy. The bbq sauce or whatever it is on the table is amazing and the sriracha is always at arms length. They aren't exactly trying to speed through things like at Tastee so it might take a minute to get your stuff, but I think it's worth it. It's when you get a simple sandwich like these that you are reminded how important the bread it. They make a handful of other things I'm yet to try and I can't wait. I will return.
<review# 40,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/16/2014,10/18/2014,151,128,7,9,8>I know I'm a little late to the game about this spot. If you live in JC, like coffee, or enjoy an excellent meal you've been here already. If you haven't. For shame.......FOR SHAME! This place is an excellent place for breakfast/brunch/lunch. The service here us great. One of these places where the owner is everywhere so you know you are getting the best foot forward. Came here a month ago with my wife and mother who was visiting. We all did something a little different with our meal. I went with the chicken an waffles which are Oh My God! good. My wife went with the chicken soup which was so packed with meat and veggies it was hard to find the broth. Awesome. Mother went with the build your own omelette option which is always cool. They have a lot of great fresh options to use. I dare say this may have been my mother favorite meal on her visit. The kicker to this place for me is that they have Stumptown coffee. If you haven't heard of this coffee you gotta check it out. It's a bit expensive but worth the price. Plus they have Stumptown Cold Brews which make my buddy who lives around the corner pick up for me on the reg. This place is a bit on the small side so it fills us quickly and it can smokey from the open air kitchen but it's a small price to pay for 5 star food and service. Hope you can get down there soon and save a Cold Brew for me.
<review# 41,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/7/2014,10/17/2014,171,113,6,9,8>Pastel de Nata!! The authentic place to have it in Newark. I like other places too but this is finest!!Another childhood memory eating pastel de nata. I have made it a law, a must, a command to always have at least one of these little bastards whenever I am in Newark.150 % worth the calories!Other items to consider when you are in the area:They serve daily soup specials and my fave is the white bean soup!  Amazing!They have sandwiches too served with any fresh bread of your choice - pick any, you will love it!and of course try  Galão- it is a hot drink from Portugal made of espresso and foamed milk. In all similar to café latte  The ladies are great! They speak Portuguese and English too. I like to speak to the ladies in Spanish with a little Portuguese - its fun because they smile back and correct me if I am saying incorrectly. Hehe.Always providing friendly service with beautiful smiles. Highly recommend this Bakery shop!
<review# 42,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/27/2014,10/16/2014,535,169,5,6,4>Ok so I live pretty darn close to this place but it first caught my attention when a NJ HOUSEWIVE and her family filmed an episode while dining here. I figured well she's a pastry chef and is Italian, if she likes it, it must be pretty damn good! Now my normal Italian food spot in town is usually Napoli's pizza, but recently they must have upped their prices to some craziness that I just wasn't having so I figured I'd give this place a shot.I was in the mood for a crazy salad last night and they seemed to have a lot of unique choices so I ended up getting a the pear salad with mandarin oranges, cranberries, glazed walnuts, gorgonzola cheese, cucumbers, and grilled chicken over greens. It was pretty good and big. I t was def enough for dinner and they also gave my a piece of bread. for $9.95 it was great, considering all the surrounding restaurants charge over $12 for similar salads. I wasn't a fan of the Vinaigrette dressing that came with it though. Good thing I t as on the side! My boyfriend got the 12 inch chicken parm hero. It was really good and he couldn't finish it because it was just massive so I ate a nice piece of it = ) The chicken was really tasty as was the sauce. And there was a lot of cheese, which was great bc I am pretty much like a rat when it comes to cheese lol. The chicken sandwich was $9.95. Napoli's used to have the same size sandwich for that much but its now like $12.95 I think. So I was pretty satisfied with the food. They have an extensive menu so we will probably be ordering from them again! Thanks Kathy Wakilie for showing me this place!!
<review# 43,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/25/2014,10/15/2014,260,451,8,9,4>While on the prowl in Red Bank, I was jonesing for a cup of coffee and we passed this place. Decided to go in and check it out.  Good news and bad. The good is that everything in here looks so good that it seems fake. Another good is that the taste is as good as it all looks!!!  Even the coffee was really good!  The bad is that I need a great dessert place like I need a hole in my head!!!  It's gonna be tough avoiding this place when I'm in the area!!!  We tried the strawberry tarts, chocolate eclair and tiramisu. fresh strawberries piled together to make a tart of joy!!  Tiramisu where I can actually taste the espresso. Doesn't happen often!! The chocolate eclair. I really prefer custard filling but the frosting on this was so damn good it didn't matter!!!         GO, get fat and be happy!!!!!
<review# 44,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/16/2014,10/14/2014,175,525,11,7,5>Caffe Anello, one of the best pure dining experiences I've had, not only offers exceptional food, but fantastic service as well.The moment you walk in through the front door and past the curtains (it shares a storefront with Sogno Coffee House, which is amazing as well), you feel like you've been transported to rustic Italy. Permeating the air is the scent of a myriad of delicious homemade pastas and the sounds of John, the owner and executive chef, hard at work crafting another dish worthy of being a masterpiece. Upon arrival, you will be immediately greeted by the staff and taken to your table by Tim, your waiter.As Tim recites the entire menu to your table in impeccable fashion, his descriptive flair starts painting image after image of delicious food in your head. Unable to curb your insatiable hunger anymore, you eagerly order a few things from their menu: starting with the homemade meatballs and fresh roasted clams, moving on to the Insalate Di Pere and ending with the Chicken Anello. Your companions do likewise, ordering the Pasta Pomodoro and Ravioli. As per tradition, warm bread with homemade Pomodoro sauce and garlic pesto sauce accompany your dishes. Do be warned though, as the sauces are extremely delicious, and you can easily fill up by just munching away on them. We literally had to stop ourselves from stuffing our faces so we can have room for everything else.Now I don't normally put meat in my mouth, but when I do, it's Caffe Anello's out of this world homemade meatballs. Pure euphoria is delivered with every bite of these juicy, tender meatballs. Simmered in their homemade tomato sauce and doused in fresh parmesan cheese, these massive meatballs will have you craving even more.The clams were absolutely delicious, shocking me with a freshness that you don't expect from Jersey seafood. The pear salad was light, crisp and refreshing; the perfect interlude before your entrée. By the time the Chicken Anello came out, I was already very full. However, in an effort to preserve my man card, I stepped up and devoured the entire thing. The Chicken Anello, chef John's creative take on a chicken parmesan, is a bone-in free range chicken breast that is breaded, pan seared and then baked. This method allows the chicken to cook thoroughly while still maintaining a soft, tender center. The melted mozzarella and Pomodoro sauce completes the dish, balancing out the tenderness with a gooey, saucy texture. While the meal was fantastic, huge props to chef John for his culinary genius, it was the service that really put the icing on the cake. Sean, the other waiter alongside Tim, also made sure all of our needs were met. Accommodating on every part, their attention and constant check-ins really made you feel like a valued customer, and not just someone to sign on the dotted line. Given the amazing service, food and value this place offers, it really begs one question. Why haven't you tried Caffe Anello yet?
<review# 45,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/15/2014,10/13/2014,474,598,5,11,8>Great find in our new neighborhood! Apps of red lentil soup and babaganush were both really good. Particularly the babaganush, which had an obvious smoky flavor that's often missing from the dish. Entrees of lamb shank and lamb chops were both delicious. The shank was steeped in a veggie-based stew that had simply delicious green beans, zucchini, potatoes and other goodies. And the meat was tender, falling-off-the-bone goodness. Chops were a bit overcooked for those of us who like the mid-rare variety, but they were nicely seasoned and certainly tasty. Both entrees were paired with rice pilaf (cooked well but unseasoned), and the chops came with a grilled tomato (always a treat) and bulgar (very nice).  We couldn't decide if we had room for dessert, so our server just showed up with baklava on the house! It was yummy and really wonderful of them.Service overall was a bit slow but quite nice and accommodating. The restaurant itself is lovely - simple and comfortable with some traditional adornments. BYOB, but feet away from a liquor store.Contrary to some Yelp reviews, we did not need a reservation on a Saturday night. I always feel a little silly saying that we have a reservation when the restaurant is 1/2 empty. Parking is in the rear of the restaurant, but we felt odd walking in the rear door, which was marked "entrance." We walked through the kitchen and some other seemingly off-limits areas before finding the dining room. They didn't seem off-put by our entrance, but we both felt a bit uncomfortable by it.We'll happily return!
<review# 46,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/20/2014,10/12/2014,1252,1131,9,10,10>Swiss Chalet is like Panera...but better. Their wide selection of pastries, sweets, salads, sandwiches and soups are sure to please. My wife and I went here for a quick bite. We expected mediocre food. It definitely surprised us on how quality the food was. I had the tuna wrap which wasn't too mayo-ee and came with a side of macaroni salad which again wasn't too mayo-ee. I also had a bowl of their corn chowder soup...which was very good. We also added the key lime pie mini thing and it was Key West quality. Who knew that this place would be so good. Could be a go to place for baked goods and a quick bite in Motown. They offer breakfast and lunch with plenty of seating. You order at the counter and pick up the food when it's ready. And their chicken in their salads is warm...winner in my book! ENJOY!
<review# 47,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/27/2014,10/11/2014,1229,111,8,9,12>Let's just start by saying I freakin' love supporting local businesses. I am not an ice cream fanatic, but I do have a bit of a sweet tooth. I frequent here when the mood strikes and always make it a point to pay in cash. The staff is super friendly and will let you try every flavor if you want. They have a lot of interesting flavors. (banana oreo, pound cake batter, coconut almond joy, and butterfingers...among with some classics) TIP: If you see a flavor you like but there is barely any left, chances are its in the back. They may also have flavors you don't see up front.My signature sweet: a half scoop of coffee mudpie, and a half scoop of chocolate pb in a waffle cone. I do alternate the second one but the coffee mudpie is my favorite.They have some indoor seating as well as tables outside. Charming place.
<review# 48,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/1/2014,10/10/2014,278,439,9,13,12>I found The One. I've been searching for a gym for months. Some of them I've tried over and over again but it just didn't click. Cheap ones, $$$ ones, near ones, far ones; the good, the bad, and the ugly. Then I went to Base and joined that very same day. The atmosphere isn't drab or institutional- it's like a trendy, swanky hotel. Lots of light, open space, and flowers. What gym has flowers?? And it smells like a spa, not B.O. The staff is friendly and helpful. They don't seem like they hate their lives. The weight area is limited, but they have tons of cardio machines. The classes are real- not just half-a$$, a real workout. They have a juice bar, an app, and free 2 hour parking. What's not to love??I now look forward to going to the gym.
<review# 49,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/31/2014,10/9/2014,149,86,11,11,11>"Don't you worry 'bout a thing, mama!" My husband and I welcomed our baby girl, a future lil Yelper, on a spring Sunday morning at Overlook and stayed there until that Tuesday. We felt well-coddled from the moment we arrived.LABOR/DELIVERY: The receptionist immediately greeted us then a nurse led us to our own delivery room that had a TV and an iPod player in case I wanted a soundtrack to calm or motivate me during contractions. The medical staff, including the resident who delivered our baby, was very positive during labor. Afterwards, nurses made sure I was okay before moving me to my recovery room.RECOVERY/ACCOMMODATIONS: There, I had a great view overlooking Summit's greenery. I had my own bathroom/shower but the towels were tiny so I requested and received more. I should have brought my own. The baby slept next to my bed in a mobile transparent plastic bassinet. I could totally see her (stare at her) from my bed. Accommodations for my hubby included a blanket, pillows, and an upholstered chair sleeper which was uncomfortable particularly for his bad back since it was segmented where his butt fell. However, my hospital bed was really comfortable and super-adjustable! The whole time, like good little stalkers, nurses checked on us every 2-3 hours, even at night when we were sleeping.FOOD: The following day, we were able to choose parts of our "Celebration Dinner" for that evening. For "everyday" meals, I was given a different huge and specific menu, especially for breakfast including every little condiment I desired. While my hubby could order his meals in the same way but pay-as-you-go, he opted for Donna's Café with daily specials near the main lobby. He was really satisfied with their buffalo chicken sandwich as well as their turkey burger and fries. We were happy that we had viable options within the building.MASSAGE/PHOTOS: That afternoon, though I was pretty icky from my labor and delivery work-out, I received an unconditional, free massage of my shoulders, head, neck, ankles, and feet from a contracted and skillful masseuse that left me peaceful and delighted. That same afternoon, a contracted photographer came by our room to take a few photos of the baby by herself, then with us to later offer a package we declined. If you have a decent camera, you can copy the same poses right after she leaves your room. CELEBRATION TIME: Later that evening, our Celebration Dinner was served like hotel room service on a blue tablecloth with covered dishes. There were simple, fresh salads with cherry tomatoes, carrots, red onions, and greens, then dinner rolls, our entrees, then fresh fruit and a couple slices of really rich chocolate cake and cheesecake. Woo!!! For my entree, I had grilled shrimp on a sugarcane skewer over rice pilaf while my husband had Chicken Parmesan. Both were very good, especially for "hospital food"!LAST NIGHT: That same evening before our last day, we attended a mandatory mini 15-minute class for discharge while our baby received a standard vaccination. A nurse reviewed "going home" and answered any questions.HOMEWARD BOUND: On our last day before discharge, we received visits from a lactation consultant, my obstetrician, a hospital clerk regarding the baby's name and SS#, and her pediatrician. A nurse reviewed some information with us and gave the baby a final, thorough sponge bath in our room. On the way home, Overlook left us feeling confident and ready to do this thang!
<review# 50,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/20/2014,10/8/2014,476,477,15,18,24>"'cause down the Shore everything's all rightMe and my baby on a Saturday night..."So true.But I must say with its Jersey Shore location and an incredibly pretentious Website, I was expecting to discover lots of attitude and douchebaggery during last night's visit to Jersey Shore hotspot, Watermark, located on the boardwalk in Asbury Park.Thankfully, that was not even close to being the case.Because I live such a crazy life with lots of travel and work-related commitments consuming most of my life, I try to take my incredibly tolerant wife out on an intimate date every Friday or Saturday night. And given our home base of East Brunswick, New Jersey, there's only so many places I can put into the rotation without having to venture further out from the area.And I'm big on surprises, so when we do embark on an adventure, I rarely let her know where I'm taking her beforehand. All she needs to know is how to dress, and the rest is a roll of the dice. Last night I was feeling the need to be near the ocean. An already beautiful day had drawn to a close, our kids were looking forward to seeing their babysitter, and with it being Easter weekend, I knew the Saturday night crowds would likely be light. It seemed like a perfect night to make a drive down the shore, eat some food, indulge in a few adult beverages, and maybe catch some live music. So wifey dolled herself up, I managed to find a clean shirt, and we were off.Asbury Park is fairly close to Central Jersey and has been in the midst of a long-in-coming gentrification wave that has slowly spanned a couple of decades. I remember attending a prom at a hotel in Asbury Park in 1989 and it being an extremely scary and dangerous area. Much of that is in the past now, and the boardwalk area of Asbury Park now boasts several new condo developments, higher-end restaurants, and chic clubs and lounges. Watermark is among them. I forget why I bookmarked it months ago, but I'm glad I did. Situated on the second floor a large building overlooking the ocean, with high ceilings and enormous floor-to-ceiling windows, you could not find a better location with a nicer view. There are lots of seating options, including large, comfy leather couches, bar seats overlooking the lounge and ocean, and more intimate seating toward the back of the room.A great drink menu, reasonably priced (all things considered), is paired with a small tapas-like menu that offers something for everyone. We were only feeling snacky so we nibbled on the cheese plate and the hot, buttery everything pretzel.  The latter seems a little silly being on the menu of a fairly swank lounge, but damn -- it was good. Served with spicy Chinese mustard, chipotle dipping sauce, and a ramekin of veggie cream cheese, this thing is perfect for soaking up the booze so you can pace yourself for a long night. The cheese plate was OK, though they should leave off the cold Saganaki since that only works when served fiery hot and melty.I of course ordered the Watermark Rye Manhattan, which was excellent and properly stirred. And my wife loved her spicy Pepino Picante -- a spicy tequila drink with a salt and cayenne rim. Service was spot-on all night. And no night out in Asbury Park would be complete without the requisite transvestite that could be found holding court in the bar area having fun with some of the less comfortable patrons. (Or was that maybe John D.? Hmm...)The crowd tracked older than I would have expected being the Jersey Shore, though I would say overall it was a pretty eclectic bunch ranging from their 20s to their 50s, all aligned on having a fun Saturday night out. There was no pretentious bullshit from any of the bouncers or employees, and thankfully there was no bathroom attendant looking for a buck or two while trying to spritz you with Drakkar. I'm shocked at how many classy joints instantly un-class themselves with that stupid arrangement. What can I say? I f*cking love the Jersey Shore. And even though it can be pretty cheesy depending on where you go, at least it will never be soulless and vapid like the Hamptons.Don't wait for the summer to take a trip down to Asbury. Great stuff happening down here all the time.
<review# 51,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/7/2014,10/7/2014,102,89,14,15,17>Finally! A non-chain burger joint that can compete with "Five Guys" and "Smashburger" for about the same price while offering variety. Not only does Turf' N Surf compete with the big boys in price, their burgers blow them out of the water. I'm not sure how long they've been in business, but I wish I would have tried this place sooner. Came for lunch yesterday with a buddy and ordered up an "Inside Out" style burger with habanero jack cheese. It had just the right amount of heat while not overpowering the flavor of the burger. I opted to drizzle on some A1 steak sauce sitting on my table in lieu of ketchup (patting myself on the back). A large portion of sweet potato fries and a black cherry soda; all for about $11 bucks. I don't know what blend of meat they are using but I'm thinking perhaps a blend of hanger/short rib/brisket? I don't know but whatever they are using, it was juicy and pretty damn tasty. Turf' N Surf reminds me a lot of "The Committed Pig" in Manasquan. They have a nice variety of other options on the menu including; turkey burgers, veggie burgers, & lamb burgers. For fish options they offer salmon, tilapia, scallops and shrimp. All of which can be served on a bed of rice or greens. The only tricky catch with this menu is they charge extra for toppings. I doubt it will break the bank but now you know. I'll definitely be going back next time I'm craving a good burger. Keep up the good work Turf' N Surf!
<review# 52,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/28/2014,10/6/2014,337,88,19,22,19>Sometimes when I give five stars, deep inside I know I've rounded up a bit. Haven, however, didn't need much rounding.If you are looking for a solid restaurant choice on River Rd, you can't really go wrong with this place.  Jersey doesn't boast the same variety and quality of upscale restaurants as its cross-river rival, but Haven Riverfront Restaurant is a point in JerZ favor.We made reservations ahead of time, and were seated immediately.  The nouveau riche stainless steel and shiny accents with geometric details complete the modern-looking decor, and create the ambiance reminiscent of the W Hotel.  The outside seating area was windy (though tolerable for some), and we elected to sit indoors.  There's a pleasing view of uptown Manhattan across the river no matter where you choose to park your tuchos.Bass over noodles was one of the best dishes I've ever had - melt in your mouth tender and incredibly juicy.  The beer choices were good, too, and I was very happy with what I ordered.  I loved their chicken salad as well - very simple and fresh ingredients, and not overcomplicated with novel additions or drowning in some rich dressing.  All the dishes had surprisingly excellent presentation.  Our waitress was friendly and helpful, and the overall vibe was extremely relaxing.  We didn't sit at the bar, but from what I observed, the bar atmosphere was very much the same.  This is my restaurant of choice in the Edgewater area.
<review# 53,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/6/2014,10/5/2014,137,318,3,6,6>It's great to go to an Italian place that specializes in comfort food that's not pizza. I first heard of this joint from Guy Fieri's Triple D show and bookmarked it ever since. This place is the definition of Italian comfort food, so be prepared for heavy, rich dishes and large portion sizes. I would loosen any belts pre-meal or better yet just wear loose pants. Best part is there are no secrets to what goes into their dishes, as they have a whole blackboard dedicated to their recipes.We came here for lunch on a Sunday. Only one table was occupied, so there was no wait to be seated and the food came out quickly. First up were Marie's Arancini balls which were featured on Diners, Drive-ins and Dives. Those three little fried risotto balls alone made the trip down worth it. The balls themselves were nicely crispy and cheesy. They were made even better with the garlicky Vodka sauce.For the first entree we ordered a Pork Bracciole Ragu, which was a good choice on my part. The roast pork was very tender and delicious coated with the creamy tomato sauce. I dislike soft pasta, but the pasta in the dish had good texture. I liked that they used Rigatoni as it held up to the extremely rich and heavy sauce well. The scoop of cold ricotta was a good contrast to the heaviness of the overall dish.Our second entree was the Italian Pulled Pork which, although was also featured on Triple D, I thought was not a good choice. The pulled pork was bland by itself and needed more of the vodka sauce which barely covered the dish. The polenta wasn't so much creamy as it was greasy. I did like the broccoli rabe because it tasted like Chinese broccoli. Overall, this dish sounded great in the description, but wasn't very interesting in terms of flavor.After we asked for our bill, we were presented with complimentary canolis. Friendly staff and great service. I do wish the portion sizes were smaller. At ~$20 a plate, the entrees were huge. We barely made a dent in the plates. I wouldn't mind if they offered a choice for half portion sizes at lower prices. The leftovers will take me a few days to finish and won't taste great after a while.Looking forward to trying their sandwiches next time I come back, which follow the portion sizes of their entrees. I looked over at another table's and each sandwich had to be about a foot long.
<review# 54,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/7/2014,10/4/2014,342,167,2,9,8>After walking by this place numerous times over the last two years, my boyfriend and I finally decided to check it out and the only thing I am disappointed about is that it took us this long to do so! After walking in the front door I noticed a nice full serviced bar. Customers are also welcomed to eat here as well. However, tonight my boyfriend and I wanted a more sit down meal, we went to the back room and were seated right away. The restaurant was extremely cute, cozy and romantic. If you are searching for one of those old school Italian places that only seem to be seen and exist in movies...the wait it over because this is it. After being seated, we were brought warm bread and a fresh complimentary salad. The salad came in a nice sized bowl and was perfect for two. I personally would go back for the salad alone!!!!As an appetizer  we decided to start with the clams oreganata which were definitely delicious. As an entree, I ordered the chicken with mushrooms and wine sauce over linguini which was just out of this world. My boyfriend decided to get a chicken and broccoli in a lemon sauce which he savory and enjoyed every single bite.  As stuffed as we were, we couldn't pass on dessert! We ended our lovely dinner with a tiramisu which to no surprise was also amazing.The service there was also great throughout the entire dinner. The waiter made sure our water glasses were filled at all times and was very genuine and kind. Today was my first experience and definitely will not be the last! I can not wait to return!
<review# 55,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/14/2014,10/3/2014,127,169,3,9,6>Awesome outdoor sculpture park!!! This place is a must go/see if you like outdoors and paintings/arts. I had gone to Storm King a few times and only heard about this place from a friend last year. It was described to me as bringing famous painting to life via sculptures. I think it's more than that. There were a few scenes and famous paintings enacted but there were also a lot of random sculptures in the woods and in other corners. The park is kind of big and I am not sure if I found every sculpture on the grounds, but it is really fun when you walk around because you never know in which corner you may encounter another sculpture. Most of all, it is okay to touch the sculptures so as a result we had a lot of funny pictures where my friends were doing inappropriate things or acting out scenes. I had organized a group to join me because I wanted group discount of $10 per person. You need to get 15 people and pay up front via check a week in advance. Upon arrival, I picked up the wrist bands for my group at the customer service desk.We went on the anniversary day and so there was free jazz/live performance along with free cake and ice cream.  I definitely want to go back again on a cooler day and with fewer people.
<review# 56,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/18/2014,10/2/2014,175,193,1,8,7>I've been dying to give Aki a try for the past 2 years and finally had the chance to do so this weekend.  Definitely one of my top 3 sushi places in North Jersey!  Once we walked in, we were instantly greeted by someone at the door.  We didn't have any reservations on Saturday night, but there was plenty of seating, which was really great.The décor inside is nice. The lighting is dark enough where you can come here for a casual dinner or even a date.  Music level was at low which is really great if you want to have a conversation.  There are Japanese style booths on one side of the restaurant and a sushi bar to the other side, with plenty of tables in between. The menu is actually quite overwhelming, especially  if you're me and you never know what to choose.  Everything on the menu is also reasonably priced.  Also, service was spot on.  The staff was really attentive and out food came out pretty quickly.For starters, we ordered the Yellowtail Jalapeno (thinly sliced yellowtail and jalapeno with yuzu sauce).  The yellowtail was sliced perfectly where it wasn't too big and the jalapeno wasn't overbearing.  It was the first time my friend had tried the yellowtail and she loved it.We decided to share two specialty rolls: the Spicy Girl roll (Crab meat, avocado, mango, roll fried in tempura batter, spicy tuna, spicy salmon on the top) and the Hero roll (Pepper tuna, cucumber, mango, and avocado, crabmeat, tempura crunch, and caviar on the outside).  The sushi was fresh, light and simple.  The worst thing you can ever do to sushi is completely mess it up by dousing crazy amount of sauce on it. Personally I liked the Hero roll better since it wasn't deep fried, but the Spicy Girl was good nonetheless.I won't hesitate to come back anytime soon.
<review# 57,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/8/2014,10/1/2014,262,408,6,10,8>What an hip, quaint, serious coffee lovers paradise this place is. I had tried their coffee from their funky metal cart when they did the Hamilton Park fairs ( fyi; they'll be doing Van Vorst in the spring) and was immediately enamored of their delicious brews. I knew they vended in Hoboken ( too far for anything more than an occasional cup for me) so I  was  really excited to hear they were going brick and mortar ( was hoping it would be closer). They are worth the bus ride to the heights if you're not lucky enough to be local.Travis and Justin man a bustling charmingly tiny coffee mecca that serves a selection of high quality coffees in a variety of preparation ( chemex,air,french) forms with passion and knowledge and it shows in every sip you take.Decadent pastries from Cocoa Bakery.Breath taking View provided by NYC across the park which is where I plan on sitting whilst sipping my Guatemalan come spring.
<review# 58,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/29/2014,9/30/2014,128,167,4,9,8>I was feeling the need to eat healthy (my husband not so much) and decided to drop in here for lunch.  I soon discovered this is a great place for vegan food and organic drinks.  I ordered the Wac Jr burger (probably not the best name), a vegan patty with vegan cheese and vegan mayo in an organic bun.  I'm not particularly a big fan of veggie burgers but this one was tasty.  All the vegan ingredients and toppings worked well together.  My husband chose the Mexicali burger, which to our surprise (cause he prefers meat) he enjoyed. The patty was made with quinoa and  layered with black bean, avocado, peppers, and lots of other veggie goodies.  It was a pretty hearty sandwich.  He also ordered some sort of chocolate shake to balance out the healthy meal.  The shake was his fav part.As far as the service, the staff was very friendly however it took some time to prepare the sandwiches.  This is not fast food.  Also the prices are a bit high but I suppose it's bc they are using high quality ingredients.  They got bonus points for being earth friendly and providing us a pack of wooden forks and knifes in our takeout bag.
<review# 59,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/12/2014,9/29/2014,169,317,6,8,7>I lose my mind for their tres leches cake! $2.50 for a small tin of divine greatness that's swimming in a pool of heavenly leches. Close second is the guava and cheese pasteles. I'd try a new pastry every day if I could, but I can't be on beach whale status this summer. Come winter though -- game on! Street parking is terrible, but the hassle is worth is for all this good good.
<review# 60,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/24/2014,9/28/2014,94,74,6,5,4>I've been here a few times since living in Newark-- get the chicken! It's made with TLC and the end result is the juiciest chicken you've ever had. The meat is constantly rotated over a coal fire and thoroughly basted almost every minute. It also comes with 2 plentiful sides- rice (deliciously flavored)/ vegetables/ fries. However, the last time I was here, the chicken was drier than it usually is...I looked over at the fire, and the man tending the chickens was zoned out, staring at the TV at the aftermaths of World Cup USA vs. Portugal (2-2) game. Disappointed as he may have been, that's no excuse for not basting the chickens as usual!Love the fried bananas- you get 2 halves of a banana for $1. I get them every time!Cash only, no tax though. Overall, it's a delicious, inexpensive, and filling meal, that's perfect for a low budget. I would be here more often if there was more available parking.
<review# 61,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/7/2014,9/27/2014,156,461,2,8,5>Well played Joe. On my first visit to Cranford, I stopped in to Rockin' Joe's for what I hoped would be a great cup of coffee and a rockin' good time. My girlfriend and I shared a vegetarian sandwich, which was pretty good. It tasted like something you could just whip up at home so don't expect a sandwich to blow you away, but it was good in a pinch. The coffee was definitely the star of the show. It was freshly brewed and served in a large mug that was probably 2-3 cups worth. They seem to feature a different blend of the day, which is what I got (can't remember what kind, but it was good!) Although it's a little cramped in here, it's very cozy, almost in an intimate kind of way. So probably a good place to come to get some reading done or catch up with a friend, rather than come up a big group. The staff here is super friendly and deliver your java with a smile. I loved all of the cool posters/concert tickets hanging up on the wall from the 60s, but the music selection was far from rockin'. Mostly soft rock which is not my cup of tea, or in this case joe. Other than that, I do not see many negative aspects of Joe's, and will most likely stop back in the next time I find myself in the area.
<review# 62,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/14/2014,9/26/2014,100,227,9,10,8>This review is based upon my recent experience dining & drinking at the bar @ the Peacock Inn...Every so often you are simply blown away by a dining experience, however brief or unplanned it may be. Such was the case when my GF & I went for drinks at the Peacock Inn, and decided to try their infamous Gnocchi with asparagus & tomatoes.First came the cocktails, which Manny, out bartender, expertly prepared. They make a whole range of Purity Vodka based drinks for happy hour at $9 per, which is a bargain (trust me on this). My fav was the lime juice, cucumber & cilantro martini. Utterly amazing & refreshing (plus it's like two food groups!!). When we asked about recommended apps, Manny replied instantly, "The Gnocchi." We trusted him, and that trust was well placed. These little doughy gems are (by far) the best Gnocchi I have ever tasted. The combination of flavors here, incl the brown sauce that you WILL sop up with bread just incredible. Oh, and have I mentioned they are also gluten free?? (unless of course you dip the bread in it, which I certainly would do if I could...).I would go so far as to say that the best $40 you can spend on a meal in the state of NJ is a plate of the Peacock Inn gnocchi & one of their martinis. Gastronomic Shangri La.I can't wait to go back. Service was also top drawer in all respects.
<review# 63,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/28/2014,9/25/2014,763,93,2,19,8>I live in north New Jersey and I discovered BRC approximately 3 years ago.  Before I found BRC I would often drive out to lower Manhattan or Brooklyn to fulfill my Russian bathhouse fix... I have not left New Jersey To visit a 'banya' since!FacilitiesThe Standard: They have 2 HOT dry saunas, one wet sauna (with the buckets for cold water dunks within), and one wet steam room.  They also have an ice cold dunk pool, as well as 2 ice cold high-flow showers outside of each sauna.  I am a huge fan of the Russian style hot-to-cold mentality; It truly is a one-of-a-kind feeling!  For those not into the ice water thing there is a very large heated standard pool as well.The Not-So-Standard: They recently added an upstairs level with three new high-end spa treatments.  Everything up there is brand-new.  One of their new offerings, the 'Float Pod' Caught my attention some time back; I just had a chance to try it for the first time A few days ago... Awesome.  Tip: If you decide to try the Float Pod make sure you read up on it online ahead of time so you understand how to utilize it as the manufacturers intended.  This will ensure you get the most out of your experience (what position to float in, breathing exercises... etc.).      Food: The portion sizes are quite large.  I like to order the Greek salad that comes with a sort of dried, salted shredded beef on top and can pretty much satisfy my appetite (that's saying a LOT for a salad) and a side of borscht.  Everything I have tried on the menu  has been very good, I have yet be disappointed.   Drink: Although they do have a liquor license they also permit you to BYOB for a small corking fee (Approximately $15 for a bottle of vodka, and less for beer or wine).  They also have a wide selection of tea and fresh made juices.Grab a bottle of vodka, a friend or two and  head over and have a great time.  You wont be disappointed!
<review# 64,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/8/2014,9/24/2014,178,400,10,10,9>Happy hour heaven right here!  $2 domestic drafts till 8pm then $3 there after along with $2.50 cider.  Hello pearly drinking gates daddy is home, baby!Now this place has super divey prices without that divey look or feel. Due to cleanliness and wide open floor plan.  2 sizeable rectangular bars.  Pool table with tons and I mean tons of flat screens everywhere you look ( this place has to be a Sunday football or sports event  adult play ground). A whole lot of unique craft beer all at less than $5 or less during perhaps one of central Jerseys greatest happy hours.Friendly knowledgeable bar tenders keep your cup from reaching dry gulch while providing much needed barely & hop advice. Mostly older dudes, but super warm and friendly. I didn't feel like a suit & tied stranger. Unfortunately no chow sampling on this trip( you wouldn't want to leave less room for beer now would ya), but everything seems to be priced fairly well with all your typical pub grub. Now I'm always searching for the perfect dive and this place is not by any means a dive, but not a hoyty toydy cocktail lounge either. For price point alone this is a must add to any and all crawls.
<review# 65,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/14/2014,9/23/2014,313,354,10,14,19>I stopped in to get fitted and wound up buying new Nikes. This was an exceptional experience for a beginning runner (I'm not a beginner, just a couch to 5K). They person who helped me, I don't remember his name, listened to my concerns about experiencing knee pain and shin splints and watched my strike pattern running on a treadmill. He suggested a couple of pairs of shoes that would offer more support for me, since I am flat footed. I thought they were too heavy and he brought out lighter shoes with more cushioning. I settled on a bright yellow pair of Nikes. It turns out I was wearing the wrong size shoe previously and that was one reason why I was experiencing pain. They have a large selection of gear for a small store. We talked about moisture whipping socks that would help prevent blisters. I was impressed with his knowledge. I would definitely recommend that you stop in here if you need to be fitted. Pain while running is not fun and in the two weeks I have had the shoes, I've been okay. I'm still slow and winded, but that should get better with time.
<review# 66,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/23/2014,9/22/2014,101,241,10,10,7>I've been DYING to give this place a try, but I've never got the balls to go by myself because that one time I did - it was dark and creepy and people were staring at me so I starved. And then there are certain people that I wouldn't take here because I keep my fatty status on a down low in real life and let it all out on Yelp. But I finally found this one person I would take and it was amazinggggg!I used to be that little chinese girl who hid her steamed fish under her rice hoping her parents wouldn't figure it out. And of course they did so I would have to eat it and then run to the bathroom crying. Anyhow, I like fish now - I like to believe it helps with my awful vision. The fried orata here is ballinnnn although I'm sure any of their fried fish is delicious. Needless to say, I killed more than 3/4 of the fish by myself - that's what happens when people eat with me...they need to learn how to eat faster. But the fish was tender and yummy and very fresh and delicious with the sauce that they put on it. And the sides were crazy large and we didn't even eat most of it. The tahini and pita bread - big fan!We also got the fried calamari with marinara sauce that had a little kick to it. It's definitely a change from the fried calamari elsewhere cause I think these were actually fresh and lightly breaded. So yummy!Other than that, the service was lacking. They didn't seem inviting and didn't really pay attention to us after they served us the food. Whatever. The food totally makes up for it. I don't get to eat seafood much anymore since I don't live at home and when I do eat seafood outside, it's usually really fishy. I can't lie to say that I haven't thought about walking out to get a fish all by myself. Yumss :)
<review# 67,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/8/2014,9/21/2014,110,182,6,8,7>With all the Bloomfield pizza joints either closing or going downhill, this place has been a welcome addition to the area. There have been at least 2 other pizza places in the same spot in the past, but the guys here seem to have it right.Right off the bat, they're genuinely friendly people who are committed to making a good impression both personally and culinarily. I come here a few times a month during lunch, and they always have interesting pizza slices to choose from: eggplant parm, veggie pizzas and their "fat pizza" (named after the Rutgers Grease Trucks fat sandwich consisting of cheesesteak, mozzarella sticks and french fries). You can even tell them what to make, and they'll be happy to make it for you! I've also ordered food for the office, and their whole pies don't disappoint. I also like their house salad consisting of olives and pepperoncini.Overall, a really solid pizza joint with a friendly staff. Just ask the neighborhood pharmacist or mechanic who you'll find here on a regular basis!
<review# 68,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/13/2014,9/20/2014,132,252,4,9,7>I first came to the Frog and Peach on a date. That relationship quickly fizzled but my relationship with the Frog and Peach was just beginning. I have since been numerous times bringing different friends and coworkers. Want great food on a budget? Happy hour at the bar is the way to go. All bar food is half off and there are a few cocktails reduced to $5. All of the food is outstanding but some of my favorite bar foods are the truffle mac and cheese, truffle gnocchi, mushroom pizza and chick pea french fries. Also, you must end your meal with a creme brulee. This creme brulee is one of the best I have ever had. If you're a creme brulee fan like me you will not want to share, so tell your date to order their own!Service is excellent and is what you should expect a fine dining restaurant. There is a small parking lot behind the restaurant with free parking. When I say the parking lot is small I mean it only fits 3 cars. If the stars are aligned you can find a spot.
<review# 69,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/23/2014,9/19/2014,340,288,4,21,10>An authentic Szechuan place in the little Polish town of Wallington. This is the second location of the Michelin rated Lan Sheng on 39th St by Bryant Park. Hopefully, they continue their success here in NJ.Service: rocked! We were the only customers in the restaurant so everyone was serving us left and right. The owner stopped by to chat and welcome us. Also our waiter gave us great dish recommendations!Food:-Mini crabmeat soup buns: Good flavor. Since they are mini there is less soup inside.-Braised beef with napa cabbage: The sauce filled with roasted chili is so addicting. Spoon it over your hot white rice and enjoy.-Gui Zhou chicken was good. Reminded me of the Chili Chicken dish at Penang but on the sweeter side.-Lan Sheng Grilled Fish was fried not grilled leaving it very crispy. Its topped with scallions, cilantro, potatoes, black mushrooms and lots of cumin.-Sauteed snow pea shoots were perfectly cooked leaving a good crunch. This was much appreciated to mellow out all the bold flavors and to add a serving of vegetable to our day.-Chongqing sweet potato puffy was offered to us on the house by the owner after we declined dessert since we definitely over ordered for 4. Thank God she did because I loved it!Hopefully, they add a lunch menu like their NYC counterpart to take advantage of the afternoon crowd. I wish them much luck. They are located in an unexpected location so hopefully people will drive out to explore this hidden gem. I agree with the one star Michelin rating- very good cooking in its category.Tip: don't bother looking for street parking. Use the 2 hour public parking lot across the street by the basketball courts.
<review# 70,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/6/2014,9/18/2014,87,342,5,43,20>Apparently, this bar was just renovated by the show, Restaurant Impossible. I have no idea what this place was like before, but it's pretty cool right now.I've driven by this place dozens of times to get to other spots in the area and I always wondered how they fit a bowling alley into such a small looking space. I finally checked this place out last night because I wanted a drink before I hit the hookah bar. According to signs, this place opened during the Great Depression, in 1929. Surprisingly, it has its own private parking lot. The main bar is pretty big, taking up the center of the room, with a few high tables near the walls. There's also a pool table on one side, along with some arcade machine and a cigarette vending machine.Beer is at dive bar prices, $3 for the domestics with some specials going on depending on the day. I happened to come in on the day they had 40 cent wings, so I grabbed an order with sauce on the side. The wings are good even without the sauce because they're seasoned well.The bowling alley is in the back, 8 lanes total, 4 lanes on top level, 4 on the bottom. The lanes look really old school, like the bowling alley from MIB 3. Each lane has an iPad, i'm guessing to keep score with.I like this place. I'll be back
<review# 71,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/14/2014,9/17/2014,354,404,1,9,6>Just toss Costanera into the mix of one of the many great restaurants that Montclair has to offer. This place stands out for it's exceptional service, delightful atmosphere and of course quality food. The walls are covered in tree slices. The entire place has a cozy, warm and romantic vibe. The service was REALLY good. I don't remember his name, but our waiter was superb (he had a good spirit about him). I believe he was even new to the place. We shared a Ceviches dish, (Costanera - lump crab, arctic char, shrimp), which was delicious! I'm not an expert on ceviches, but the fish tasted super fresh and the citrus flavor throughout was refreshing. My main dish was the Pescado a lo Macho (Pan roasted Atlantic Cod, spicy seafood sauce). I really liked this dish, but it wasn't spicy so don't be mislead. The calamari had great texture and the fish was cooked to perfection. They cooked the fish on the rare side which was awesome. My date had the Parihuela Costanera  (Peruvian seafood stew / bouillabaisse) which was the recommended dish by the hostess. It was a hit as well. For every entree you get one side dish so we shared the Tacu Tacu and Maduros, both delicious. We didn't do dessert, but they had some nice options. I just had an espresso.Overall I enjoyed Costanera and would come back. Next time I would like to try a meat dish to switch it up.
<review# 72,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/16/2014,9/16/2014,10,153,6,7,4>Excellent, authentic Italian food. Stuffed artichoke appetizer special was delish. It should be part of the regular menu. Carbonara was creamy and pasta was al dente. Nice atmosphere. The wood burning brick oven in the center of the dining room provided nice warmth and ambiance. Service was attentive. The chef owner is loud and short tempered as others have pointed out, but I guess it's his way of ensuring food and service meet his standards. It was also entertaining, too, to hear him screaming in the kitchen and to watch the wait staff try to escape his wrath. Although I prefer BYOB places, Taormina had a good wine list with excellent choices in the $20-$30 range. Food was also reasonably priced and portions were generous. This restaurant is a gem in quiet Kennilworth.
<review# 73,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/15/2014,9/15/2014,280,185,6,19,13>Seriously, I think I may have manifested this place, that's how badly I wanted to find a legit local Mexican restaurant. THIS. IS. IT.Everything is homemade from scratch from the most adorable little lady (Mucio's mama) and THAT, my friends, is the key. This stuff is made with the same love that she puts into the food she cooks for her family. That kind of thing just can't be replicated, bagged, or store bought.We checked in and got free tostadas; we chose chorizo, which was so flavorful and spicy and with the freshness of the lettuce and tomato, and the savoriness of the queso, it was perfect. For entrees, we shared the tacos dorados, which had incredible crunch and softness at the same time. The fillings were piping hot and topped with fresh lettuce, tomatoes and queso and serves with refried beans the way they're intended to be (perfect consistency and flavor). We also shared the chilaquiles verdes, which were my personal favorite. Spicy, crunchy, and fresh, like a Mexican lasagna with tortillas, avocado, lettuce, queso, and salsa verdes. I would literally eat myself to death if someone kept serving me these.Mucio, the owner, is so nice. He chatted us up a lot, told us about his story, his intention with the restaurant, his family, and the future. His service was incredible, and made sure we had everything we needed. He even gave us a sampling of some super hot salsa his mother was toying with out back. I'm obsessed with this place. Can't way to go back!
<review# 74,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/26/2014,9/14/2014,257,123,5,9,8>Really excellent food and fun atmosphere! It's BYOB, don't forget, but apparently only wine and beer. We brought a handle of Captain Morgan's and they said it wasn't allowed. But they turned a blind eye to it and said we could hide it under the table. A couple other tables around us also had hard liquor and it didn't seem like a big deal. So, you can probably get away with it too.I've only been here once but I could see how this place gets SERIOUSLY packed especially on weekends. Apparently, you can't make reservations either. We came with a group of 7 at 8:00 on a Wednesday night and the place was packed. So, just keep that in mind. The tapas are small and cheap and since there were 7 of us we were offered the family style portions. Chicken empanadas, beef empanadas, chicken lollipops, goat cheese fritters and platanos relleno. We ate ALL of it. The goat cheese fritters and the platanos relleno aka plantains stuffed with queso really were the best of them all. For my meal, I got the chicken con mangos which was very good! The coconut rice they serve with it is SO good. Everyone else at my table got skirt steaks of some kind. I tried it and it was very good. Also, one person got the pulled pork which tasted better than it looked. Not dry at all, lots of garlic and other flavors. As far as the service goes, it was a little meh. I understand because this place is very busy. The servers are legitimately running around the place and working as hard as they can though. Also, we went on a really hot day, I think it was 94 degrees that day and when we arrived at 8 at night it barely cooled down. We were sweating profusely while sitting at dinner. There was no air conditioner in the room we were in so that totally sucked. Other than that, this is a great place to be. I recommend everyone try the house hot sauce they have here. It's not spicy but it's very flavorful.
<review# 75,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/30/2014,9/13/2014,440,673,8,15,9>Since I was scheduled to have family over my place this past Sunday, I had concluded to myself the night before, "Why not stop by Montclair Bread to FINALLY try their Sunday Doughnuts?" The little determined soul that I am, I had set my alarm for 6:45AM that night. It was one left turn, one right turn, and one mile south to get the Walnut Street from my place; 15 minutes was plenty of time to get up and get to MBC by opening time, 7AM. So the alarm goes off and I'm up and about. Disheveled, groggy with bed hair I get into the car, we drive (yeah, I dragged my boyfriend with me), and we park across the street from MBC at exactly 7:05AM only to see a chick striding for MBC's front door when we get there. One man was already inside at the front counter and a second man a few steps away from me. I kid you not, I almost sped-walk to beat him so that I was second in line, but I quickly reassured myself that there was no need for it; it's not San Francisco or the city we were in, it was Montclair at 7am -- I had to slow the eff down. Come to find out later, that "chick striding" was the girl who worked behind the counter. -____- So I go inside, and the place is hot and steamy from all the baking. Little did I know that they were still making flavors when I had got there. Next time I told myself, maybe I should just come at 7:30 and save myself the trouble. I had initially ordered one of each like I had planned, which equated to 10 donuts, when someone behind closed doors came out and said, "Would you like an Apple Fritter?"  And while I had waited for my Apple Fritter to finish frying (she said it would take 5 minutes), the same chick that was striding for the door who was helping me behind the counter, every two minutes in that five minute wait would say, " We also have this flavor called _______ , do you want it?" How does one really say no, especially fresh out the fryer? So I bought a dozen and the fritter. Was it worth all the trouble? Comically, yes! The donuts were grade A!! The quality of ingredients were super noticeable. Nothing was overly sweet, which surprised me considering we were still in America. (I get weary of things like this). The flavors were spot on, and boy did they not skimp on the filling! My best tip: definitely get the doughnuts will the filling that are permanently on the menu (STRAWBERRY JAM & NUTELLA especially). They've practically perfected them.Just found out that their Sunday Doughnut menu is listed online at: sundaydoughnuts.blogspot. I'm definitely going to refer to this the next time I visit.
<review# 76,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/29/2014,9/12/2014,135,104,6,7,10>I am so mad at myself for not coming to this place earlier. What is wrong with me?!I've had this bookmarked for a while. Wanted to watch the game and grab some lunch so we came here. It was great!I love that its so divey yet serves some awesome food.Its a bit of a smaller place. The "dinning" part of the bar is a bit tight.We sat at the bar and bartenders were great. Super friendly and they were all on the same page. They all checked on us, they all knew who had what. There was no weird transition between "oh she took your order let me get her". Amazing staff!I got the Turkey Burger (no bread) and some old bay Fries, OMG so good!The burger was seasoned and cooked so perfectly. The fries were so yummy too. The BF got The Ruby, I was pretty jealous I didn't order this. I had to steal a few bites it was so good. Solid place! I'll def back to explore more of this amazing menu.
<review# 77,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/6/2014,9/11/2014,194,183,7,18,14>First time trying Vietnamese was a success. A great recommendation by my fellow Yelper Nobel. I was told this spot has been opened for a long time and many locals want to keep it that way [hidden gem]. It's located in a plaza so it's easy to find parking.The place is small. There's nothing fancy, no crazy decorations, it just has a homey feel to it. It was crowded but it didn't take long for our friendly waiter to take our order. We started off with the Spring rolls which were delicious-hot, so wrap it up in lettuce. I went specifically for the Pho. It was fantastic. They give you a side of extras to add into your bowl. I added the mint herbs, bean spouts, and only 2 jalapeños and squeezed a lemon into it--so flavorful to go along with my shrimp. Is there a decent way of eating the noodles... because I was just all over the place. I loved it and the price tag-only $7 !
<review# 78,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/13/2014,9/10/2014,1721,627,13,20,18>My favorite food truck in Jersey other than the Rutgers food truck, which has now closed down and makes me really sad.  Hey, but at least I still have the Empanada Man! he accepts credit cards now too which is great because I can buy all the yummy empanadas...my favorite is beef then chicken...but my newest favorite is the chorizo empanadas, so much flavor and the juices just flows out in every Crispy bite.If you look closely, the empanadas have a nice little "EM" Initial for Empanada Man of course, stamped on top of the empanada. nice little touch. Anyways, they sell other things on the menu like yelper Bill said here. But the empanadas is what you go here for. For 3 dollars an empanadas, you can't go wrong! I recently stopped by and saw lobster empanadas as well, it's 6 dollars instead of the usual 3 dollars for the other meats but I'm sure it's just as good. have not tried them yet.
<review# 79,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/17/2014,9/9/2014,80,139,14,16,16>My Favorite hookah place in this area. Formerly known as café Dewan-- Café Daze is continuing what they had and added lot more with the new management team/owners.  I've probably gone to most of the hookah lounges in the NJ by now, and I can say this place definitely have the best hookah and lasts the longest. The place is very chill, quiet & reserved in the weekdays but also turned up & fun in the weekend. They have a DJ in the weekend hence there is $5 cover but it's worth it. It gets busy & packed in the weekend so try to get here early. The sitting arrangements are very cozy & so is the inside décor. What I really love about this place is that they are constantly coming up with new exotic hookah flavors and mixes so if you are regular, you don't have to keep smoking the same thing over and over again. I also love their fruit base hookah which includes water melon, orange or whatever else you can think of - you can also request any custom hookah mix if that is your thing. If you are a football fan like me, they are open for most of the NFL games so you can come smoke hookah & watch the games here as well. Its also BYOB so bring a 6 -pack! I personally never had issue with the service-- when asked, they even replace the hookah head and/or pipe without any questions.If you are hookah fan or looking a new place to try hookah - Give this place a try, I highly recommend it.
<review# 80,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/22/2014,9/8/2014,456,539,26,31,33>I did not expect to find you here, Volan... The long endless roads I drove lead to nowhere, and blur of the towns and places kept me from getting here earlier. But as the sun peaked through the clouds, I made a turn on the wide open street, and quiet morning clouds washed the dust away. Here it was... Long wood benches and divine smell of freshly brewed coffee enveloped my senses.Barista smiled at me - and all my worries melted away with cup of perfect flat white and flaky, buttery and sugary almond croissant. Why, you would say, what is so special about such simple thing as a cup of coffee? Ahhh, but it is so much more than just coffee. It's a smooth taste of the brew, the silkiness of soy milk that I love, and the feel of holding hot ceramic cup in your hand. And that perfect first sip, with foam touching your lips and aroma teasing your nose. It's seating here quietly on a bench and watching people come and go, different faces, different lives. It's a break we all need sometimes - and once we do, life goes on.Enjoy that perfect cup.
<review# 81,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/12/2014,9/7/2014,313,380,75,82,79>***200th Review For 2014 - This spot was for a positive review in regards to a worthy attraction. This place takes it!***My parents told me that they took me here once when I was really little. Really? 'Cause I have no memory whatsoever of coming to THIS particular zoo. During the present. I've heard a lot about this zoo. So I figured "hey, why not?". This zoo is easy to get to since it's right off of the main road that brings you to and from I-280 (via GSP from points North and South (which I took), and NJ-23 from points North & Northwest). Parking is free, but it's not very big. When we walked out of the zoo that afternoon, there were barely any spots available compared to this morning. When you see the sports arena, then you'll know that the zoo is right there. The admission fee is $11, which is quite reasonable, especially when comparing to paying $20 or more elsewhere.Exhibits were everywhere. All you had to do was follow the signs to see where each animal was located. A lot of the animals looked interesting, especially when they looked right at you! Such exhibits included llamas, goats, penguins, and more. If you were curious about a certain animal, a friendly zoo employee would be available for answering your questions. There were some moments when certain animals refused to come out of their hiding spots or resting areas. This was when you had to really look closely to see where that particular animal was. But, it's part of the fun!Speaking of fun, my family and I really had a ball in the bird feeding area. While anyone can go in this exhibit just to look at the cute birds, you had to pay $2 (which was worth it!!) to get a stick that's partially covered with bird food and aim it at hungry birds. It was fun watching the birds eat off of my stick, and they even climbed onto the stick as they continued to eat. I walked around slowly with the bird on the stick in the exhibit. I did this with three different birds, and it was pleasurable. I even felt the beak and tail of the bird (surprisingly) as it continued to feed off of my food stick (DO NOT PET IT). There were times when birds fought with one another over who got the food, which was hilarious. We spent around one fun hour in this area. Yeah, this was definitely my favorite area.The sealion exhibit was just okay. I just wished the sea lions would be a little more playful, like the ones in Bermuda. Also, there was a butterfly exhibit there. But you had to pay $2 just to get in. Considering how much we paid for admission, we thought that this would be inclusive. Didn't view that area for this reason. I highly suggest coming here early as parking may be challenging later in the day. If you love looking at animals, then I definitely recommend coming here for the first time.Cheers! :)
<review# 82,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/25/2014,9/6/2014,123,175,1,5,7>I don't usually get wow'd by pizza.  This place is an exception.  Stopped by here with my partner tonight.  First let me start by saying this place is in a nondescript location.  I only found it because of Yelp.  You have to walk down an alleyway to a small screen door with the screen removed and locate the door to get inside.  Once inside, theres probably only standing room for 3 people to wait, as there are no tables and it's takeout only.So we ordered a large sicilian with sausage and pepperoni.  After talking to the owner about the joint, he said his father started this place in the 1950's.  I noticed the peel he was using was, I don't know, 12 feet long.  Intrigued, I asked how deep the oven was and he said we can have a look for ourselves.  Couldn't have been any less that 15 deep.  He said the oven was over a hundred years old and that they stopped making them before WWII!  I was impressed.  The masonry work on this thing was a site to see.  So after our pizza finally came out, we paid our $25.00, yes $25.00 for a large pizza.  I was hoping for this price to have something worth writing about.  Since there is no place to eat, we had to trek back to our car in the rear lot.  Being it was about 20 degrees out and the pie was pipping hot, we decided to eat outside, off the trunk of the car.  The first bite I had I could not discern if it was good.  The second bite was bliss, then the third, then the fourth...After dismantling this work of art, I was so glad to find this gem.  People rave about Spirito's, but this pizza was hands down in my top three.  The crust was infused with olive oil and so light and airy.  The thickness of the Sicilian was just perfect, not to thick, and not to thin.  I'm not usually down this way often, but I would travel at least 20 minutes to place to bring this home to the family.
<review# 83,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/27/2014,9/5/2014,105,136,7,8,5>We went to Upstairs in Montclair for a belated Valentine's dinner and had a cozy and romantic time. There should be no mistaking that Upstairs is not a large space. The restaurant is set up with a narrow front area with a brightly lit bar and tiny back room with a more intimate dinner setting. We started with the succulent octopus appetizer that was very tender. The cheese board appetizer was also nicely balanced with fruit and lime honey. I wish the cheese wedges were larger for the $15 price tag. For dinner I ordered the short rib special which was melt in your mouth good! My boyfriend ordered the tasty duck. We finished the meal with a "must try" chocolate hazelnut dessert.Upstairs serves great food in a versatile setting. The front bar area looked appropriate for a night of cocktails with friends, while the back dining room is perfect for couples.Extra info: the toilets are heated! The bathroom technology was impressive, but I would have appreciated a coat hook on the door to hang my purse.
<review# 84,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/4/2014,9/3/2014,108,218,6,9,9>With so many people singing the praises of Miso-ya, I gave in to peer pressure and went for dinner. The place is easy to miss on the darkened Ryders Lane, but it's about a block away from the gas station as you're driving north. We were greeted by the hostess and taken to our table in a wood paneled dining area where we were seated below the large television, but were soon moved to a more spacious (and well-lit) one to our great relief--mostly to my age-challenged eyes. We were presented with some free appetizers that I'm guessing they're testing out--cheese wontons and a roll--which was a nice way to kick off the night.Our waitress was very personable and tried to keep things light with some humor, but there was a bit of a communications gap that resulted in some unexpected order changes. For instance, we got a third appetizer when we ordered two. I had a feeling this was happening, but I was hungry and in a spending mood so it didn't matter. The shrimp Goyoza, dumplings and pair of spring rolls were all very good, but I think the spring rolls were the best of the three.For our entrees, I went with the Kyoto Dinner...well, that's what I ordered. I received the Tokyo Dinner which sounds similar and, considering the communications gap, hindsight tells me I should have been more explicit. Did I enjoy the food? Yes. Why didn't I refuse it and get what I had ordered? I liked everything that was on the plate. I was in an adventurous mood and there isn't anything at a sushi restaurant that I DON'T like (I'm the guy who will tell the chef "omakase" while sitting at the bar). Heck, I even ordered the Secret Roll just because its ingredients were handwritten as "UNKNOWN." I won't spoil the surprise...probably because you don't spill the secrets of people who are experts with knives. The roll was for the table and everyone liked it.Also at the table was a Mermaid Roll--probably the best thing in the whole order--and a Red Fuji Roll which was tasty though not as much as the Mermaid. For the non-sushi eater with us there was a Spicy Thai Mango Chicken that had great flavor...yes, my chopsticks find their way into everyone's plate if you're eating with me.I came here thanks to the recommendations of Yelper buddies who said I was missing out by not having tried it, and they were right. The fish was incredibly fresh and well-prepared, and the wood-paneled dining room was a nice combination of classy and homey. The staff did their best to create a welcoming environment, one I will gladly return to for many a meal....though I'll point on the menu next time!
<review# 85,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/17/2014,9/2/2014,141,180,3,8,5>*turkey, goat cheese, spinach, tomato pesto (yum!!!!!!!!!!!!!! The goat cheese was creamy and tangy, and there was plenty of it in the crepe, the turkey was just sliced deli meat; the tomato and pesto were delicious, the pesto was pretty good, I loved the flavor and texture of this crepe although I felt a little bit of something crunchy besides the lettuce from the mesculen salad would have been nice, didn't need additional salt or pepper, which is a good sign; I loved how it came with a slice of cantaloupe... overall a very good crepe especially the cake itself, the batter was ultra smooth to produce a cake like this, ultra light and fluffy)*steak crepe (the steak was cut perfectly thick for a crepe, grilled meat and placed inside.. yum!) Been to this place a few times since high school (hahaha) and it has not changed. They continue to produce good food for good prices. The sweet and savory crepes are both equally amazing. The seating outdoors is so nice during the spring/summer. Definitely bring CASH. no credit. If you're looking for a good crepe in the area, definitely come here!
<review# 86,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/21/2014,9/1/2014,62,213,2,7,4>I was doing some shopping at Best Buy and I spotted this brand new place "Art of Salad"  I decide to stop in because I do love eating healthy. It's always nice to see a place that's trendy, art deco, hipster style.I went to google to search if a chain existed, and to my discovery it wasn't. This can be a very good thing. I counted  2 regular employees, 2 owners, 2 chefs which all had a great personality and interacted with their customers. I decided to create my own salad. Base salad $9 dollars, which includes all basic toppings except for premium toppings like avocado, chicken, salmon. I love that they have a variety of toppings. The salmon was very well cooked. All ingredients were fresh and cold. If your on a budget, just be mindful things can add up. Salad and a drink $15 even. I don't mind paying if the salad is great!  They had a wonderful selection of dressings and at the very end they chop their salads with a special tool that releases the flavors and combines everything together. I think this gives the salad an edge. I also had one of their unsweet green teas.The negatives: I don't think of them being negatives but areas of room for important. The toppings would be awesome if they had their own labels for identifying purposes. Feta and Goat cheese are very similar. I love either one, but I see that being a problem for others, specially if people are allergic to certain items. For me, I was a little confused for the uncommon toppings, but was interested in getting them, but I felt like I was bothering the person when I had to keep asking. They have to get a rhythm when assisting a customer. I felt they were nervous with the first impression. I felt like I was bouncing around from area to area. This will come with more experience in servicing customers. So, I'm not worriedLastly, Look to expand your beverage selection. I know less is more. But, give us a bigger selection on drinks. I don't promote carbonated drinks, but I know its popular.Ultimately, I will recommend this place to others. The salads are fresh, crisp, and clean. Stop in today and enjoy this place.
<review# 87,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/23/2014,8/31/2014,52,93,1,7,6>Avo's Grill recently sent around a menu to houses in my neighborhood.I live REALLY close to the restaurant and when I bought my house 5 years ago went there during a break in a weekend of marathon painting.  I was really disappointed by that first meal and as a result didn't come back until I saw the menu and noticed their "Express Lunch Specials" which run Monday -Saturday.  I decided to give them a try on a Saturday for lunch.So glad I did!  First of all, I love that they have their lunch specials running on Saturday and not just M-F.   Since rediscovering them I've done pick up orders and I also brought their menu to my office for our huge lunch orders.  Today the whole office ordered from there.  There are about 14 of us and we're a hard group to please with many diverse tastes.  I think I can unequivocally say everyone was happy!  The portions were huge, fresh and delicious.  The burgers my coworkers ordered were seriously massive.  And if you order a falafel on a Pita, don't think it's the tiny little sandwich pitas you get and stuff at the grocery store.  These were large pitas that wrapped around the stuffings.  SOOO good and really satisfying.As often happens on large lunch orders (seriously, like every time we order ...) someone's order was forgotten.  They not only brought the order that was missing, but they brought 7 deserts for us.  Some rice pudding and some amazing desert called the Vesuvius which their menu describes as: A dark brownie cake with a layer of caramel and fluffy cheesecake topped with chocolate mousse, then dipped in chocolate ganache. Finished off with chocolate drizzle and walnuts." ... it is seriously the best desert I have EVER had.   Would make an amazing Birthday desert or for a special occassion.  We got four of them delivered into the office and each desert is so rich it can easily satisfy four people or more.The only constructive thing I will add to my glowing review is that the interior of the restaurant is really boring.  Furniture is nothing special.  Walls are nothing special.  Given how good the food is, I think they could be even so much better with even a slight remodel, adding some new chairs/tables, changing up the paint and maybe adding some more region specific decor.  But all that said, food is what it is all about and Avos does not disappoint.  So glad I gave them another try and almost sad that I waited so long!
<review# 88,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/27/2014,8/30/2014,137,175,7,10,8>When I eat at a place like this I am truly amazed how any mediocre chain restaurants stay in business. My wife has been wanting to come to TE for a while and for some reason we never made it. They say "good things come to those who wait", well they sure do. I had read some reviews (on Yelp of course) prior to heading out and many pointed to the Lobster grilled cheese. I had a solid game plan going in, only once I laid my eyes on the menu I was totally thrown off track and my mind went blurry. The waitress came over and asked what we wanted to drink, we prefer a wheat style Belgium, I asked for Blue Moon, she rattled off a slew of others, all of which I have never heard of which made me very happy bc it showed (at least in my mind) they support smaller businesses. Looking at the menu I'll say prices were about 10-15% higher than your Applebee's. The menu was very simple w a great variety, a few types of pizza, burgers, some pasta and steaks, lobster Mac n cheese, lobster ravioli and duck-fat fries (a tear trickled down my cheek). The linguini w white clam sauce pizza kept looking at me, I think she was looking for trouble, well she came to the right place, she was our appetizer. My wife ordered a burger and I was torn between the lump crab cakes or the lobster grilled cheese, I asked the waitress who was awesome, she suggested the grilled cheese bc it is not always available and crab cakes will be available the rest of the summer ..so yeah..... I did it, lobster grilled fk'n cheese. My heart was pumping like I was getting ready for a fight. Our beers were served, a nice, light bodied wheat. As we sipped we looked around, TE is decorated cool, a bit rustic, overall eclectic, looks nice and clean. A few minutes pass and our pizza comes out, it was about a 14", 6 slices, crust seemed to be made of cornmeal, lots of small clams and mozzarella littered the top. One bite, WOW! I added some black pepper and boy was this a good pizza. We had two slices each and saved 2 for the road. I was waiting anxiously for my lobster grilled cheese. A few minutes pass, a few more sips of beer, I look towards the door and she is coming my way, she was walking towards me in slow motion, the room went silent, we locked eyes and she made her way towards me, I believe I heard bag-pipes playing and I may have seen doves flying in the background, the dish is seated in front of me. 3-halves of thick buttered challah bread golden toasted, inside gooey cheese and piles of lobster. Off to the side a pile of beautifully golden fries. I grab the first half, it's dripping a little, I lift it to my mouth and boy oh boy was I a happy camper. The thick buttered toast, the creamy cheese and tasty, perfectly-cooked lobster, this was a really good sandwich, what a great combination of flavors. I finally break out of my spell and look up at my Wife, her burger was big, juicy and cooked perfectly. Cheddar and bacon on a freshly baked bun, she said it was amazing. Needless to say, we really enjoyed The Twisted Elm, our biggest complaint was leaving feeling too full. We want to return, next time we will probably do all apps or a few apps and share a main course. Whatever WE do, YOU need to go and try this place ASAP.
<review# 89,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/28/2014,8/29/2014,28,102,1,8,5>i love, LOVE this place. i have never had anything bad here. i typically order a prosciutto and arugula sandwich. the bread is crusty and fresh. the meat is so flavorful. my mouth is watering. i also like the caponata, which is a blend of eggplant, pine nuts, and some other lovely things. during lent they have a fish sandwich that would make you cry with joy. it has caramelized onions atop a gorgeous piece of fresh fish on a fresh baguette. recently i had a cold so i ordered a large container of the chicken noodle soup. smelling it even made me feel better. the soup was pitch perfect and soothing. finally, they have cannoli there!!! ask and they will fill a shell for you. and sergio, the owner, is always there and he is super nice. get there now and see what ALL OF DENVILLE is talking about : )
<review# 90,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/24/2014,8/28/2014,143,370,3,7,5>These guys are the best. Good beer, good people, good times.If you come here on Fri/Sat, you can sit down and have some beers and walk around the brewery. There's always a decent crowd here so don't be thinking it will be all weird with you there by yourself.The abbey is definitely the crowd favorite, and the most approachable beer for people who aren't big beer snobs, or who are new to craft. We had a party recently and got a keg, and everyone there was coming up to me the whole time asking what beer it was and saying it was delicious - everyone from the girls who don't normally drink/like beer, to the craft beer snobs (like myself)Personally my favorite is the LBI IPA. I could drink that stuff all day.
<review# 91,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/17/2014,8/27/2014,236,245,9,7,7>Due with Bump any day now, I needed some pampering before the big day. My feet and ankles, formerly bordering on TOO dainty and svelte, have turned elephantine and downright scary looking. My heels are calloused and it's been at least 2 months since I could reach over Bump to groom my own toes. I started looking for a nail salon really, REALLY close to home. I mean, there are tons on Newark closer to Grove or on Grove, but I figured it wouldn't hurt to Yelp it up and see what happened.Glamour Nails!A mere 2 blocks from my condo, I have walked by a zillion times and never noticed it. It is unassuming from the outside to the point of being nearly invisible. But inside, what it lacks in beauty and charm, it makes up for with cleanliness, friendliness, and just a perfect pedicure.The proprietor started chatting me up immediately, and within minutes, I felt like we were fast friends. She gave me all kinds of advice about my swollen feet and the upcoming labor & delivery, and then reassured me that everything would be OK. :) I felt very relaxed!  Also, she performed a miracle on my hideous feet and even told me that it was "normal" for them to look like sausages. :) She then threw in an extra heel scraping at no extra charge...I WILL BE BACK with baby girl in "tow" - get it? :)
<review# 92,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/3/2014,8/26/2014,114,349,4,8,3>This place has gone through many changes and I have to say that it's so much better.  The bartenders and the wait staff is very friendly and make sure that you are welcomed.Food:- Steamed clams are amazing (huge portions and no sand); go during their happy hour and it's $9.99.- Wings are crispy and moist on the inside (it is not the typical bonchon or other korean style chicken; just good old fried wings with little bread coating)- Cheese fries with bacon is also an excellent late night itemAtmosphere:- It's more casual and just a very relaxed environment; not too crazy or loud.- Music is selected personally by June and it's pretty kicking (good mix of Kpop and trendy Pop music).I am normally there at least once a week to drop in while I'm not traveling just to grab something to eat and talk about life and things. The first sip of that iced cold draft beer is truly to die for.
<review# 93,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/9/2014,8/25/2014,81,434,1,6,4>Their juice shop is finally open!!! While driving down South Avenue in Cranford, I decided to stop in and check out the Fresh Press Juice Co. Downtown Cranford has several new shops and restaurants opening up. They are steps away from the Train Station, right across the street from the Paint and Hardware store.Their shop is open, airy, bright, and very inviting.  There are 3 small tables and 2 seats by the "juice bar".  They have an easy to read chalkboard menu. You can even customize your order if you don't see something you like. They have juice, smoothies, banana whips, shots, salads, even raw granola.  I originally came in for a juice since I can easily make my own smoothies in my fancy vitamix. But I was tempted by their smoothie menu and ordered 16 ounces of their MacaMeCrazy smoothie. At $9, it's not cheap, but they use real, quality ingredients.Okay, I'm a smoothie snob. Most places don't use ripe bananas or use sugary-full of preservatives-nasty juice or fake almond mylk, like Jamba Juice. * Shudder * Jamba Juice is just wrong. I am pretty health conscious and want to know what's in my food. Deven and Lauren (the owners) were super nice and showed me their ripe frozen bananas and the other ingredients for the smoothie. They used HOMEMADE almond mylk, bananas, green apple, spinach, RAW coconut chunks, and cinnamon, nutmeg, and maca powder. It doesn't sound like much, but it was heavenly. Their almond mylk is ridiculously smooth and the cinnamon and nutmeg added such a nice touch to the smoothie. The color was on point and a beautiful shade of pastel green. Amazing!I sipped on my smoothie for a few minutes whilst surfing the internet. I chatted with the ladies before heading out. They're super nice! They offer juice cleanse packages and their almond mylk for sale too. I'm definitely going to purchase a juice cleanse when I return from a long trip to help re-boot my body. I'm so in love with the place. This sister duo is an inspiration to eat/drink healthy and be more conscious of what goes into my body.  I wish them much success and hope more people incorporate raw fruits and vegetables into their diet. I believe in the power of plants! (:
<review# 94,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/11/2014,8/24/2014,132,325,3,5,6>After that amazing Elite event a few weeks ago I just had to come back.My boyfriend and I came for some Friday night races and grabbed some beers, bites and bets. We sat at the bar on the first floor which is absolutely huge. It actually seemed like a lot of wasted space. He ordered the chicken tenders with buffalo sauce, which I sampled of course. And by sampled I mean tried to steal. That were DELICIOUS! JUICY, GOLDEN FRIED PERFECTION. I ordered a chicken quesadilla, also very good. But that buffalo dip though. Seriously, it was exactly what all buffalo sauce should taste like! After our meals, 2 beers, and a Jack & coke, our bill only came to $35.90. Maggie, our bartender, was insanely sweet, prompt, and just very chill to talk to. The new racetrack is a very cool place to hang by yourself or with a group of friends for a fun, relaxing evening out. Highly recommended!
<review# 95,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/11/2014,8/23/2014,146,219,3,9,8>This place has the most amazing  Chinese/Peruvian food.  I am Chinese and let me tell you, their wonton soup and their roast pork fried rice is the best that I have ever tasted, even better than my mom's.  The wonton soup is in a rich homemade stock with pieces of roast pork roast duck, chicken and chinese cabbage.  The wontons skins are thin and tender and the filling is sooooo good.  The fried rice has lots of tasty slightly sweet pieces of roast pork, scrambled egg and plenty of scallions.  My husband and I also ordered a peruvian dish,  the beef sauteed with noodles, onion, tomatoes.  That was really good as well, but was even better with their green sauce.Don't forget to try their homemade drinks.  Excellent and not too sweet. The passion fruit and the corn drink you must try.
<review# 96,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/30/2014,8/22/2014,195,152,7,7,7>So, four of us were sitting around Friday night trying to decide where to go... and my guy got the brilliant idea to check out ME Casa, since we've been trying to go for over a year.We knew it was BYOB, so we grabbed a few bottles of wine from our good friends "Jersey Wine and Spirits" and sauntered over to the little restaurant. We were lucky that we were seated immediately - Justin was our server and walked in with a huge grin and immediately we were smiling back. He warned us that it was BYOB and we proudly proved we were one step ahead when we unveiled the bottles to him. He proudly made recommendations for appetizers and entrees while he brought us some waters and opened our wine bottles. We ordered the empanada/appetizer sampler (two kinds of empenadas, sliced in pieces for easy sharing, and a rice cake -ball - thing... we got chicken and beef empenadas and all of them were delicious!). We also ordered calamari, which was probably the more bland (and tough) and forgettable menu item. Justin was kind enough to bring garlic bread - it tasted like no other garlic bread Ive had: if you're with a group, get these! (A lot comes in the basket, so probably for a group of two, it would be a little much).For entrees, all four of us shared two dishes: the chicken mofongo and the special pork. Both were delicious beyond description. The plaintains with the sauce and chicken were full of flavor and not too salty. The pork came mounded on a dish (nothing else!) and we just picked chunks of the pulled meat and threw them into our mouths. Each one comes with a side: we ordered fried yellow plaintains, pigeon peas and yellow rice. NOTE: If you share plates, theres a $6 sharing fee on weekends, which is waived if you get an app and a side: so we picked up a saide salad (which was untouched).When Justin bounded over eager to check on the meal and offer dessert, our eyes were half closed in ecstasy and he just kindly left us the check - he must have experience with gluttons like us.This place was such a treat - and Justin took the definition of service to another level. My guy and I are adding this to our regular rotation of weekend restaurants now!UPDATE: We went back last week with a Groupon deal (8/15) and had Justin again.. he remembered us from last time AND where we were sitting. This guy hands-down rocks at his job. I cant even remember what I ate for breakfast.
<review# 97,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/13/2014,8/21/2014,121,52,3,8,10>Growing up In Highland Park, I was so happy to finally see this restaurant in my tiny little town. I've been there god knows how many times since it has opened and will ALWAYS get the LEMON POTATOES with any meal I get!!! Keep in mind, this place used to be mostly outside, which was awesome in the spring/summer/early fall... but, it's just not practical in Jersey. Just like what everyone has said, the decor makes you feel like you are in a Greek restaurant ...in Greece....and I love it.Huge plus side- BYOB anddddd they have a liquor store/greek food store right next door. Reasonably priced and every dish I have ever had there has been great. You need to go a few times in order to try their amazing menu. Parking might be tough for some people if you don't know Highland Park. Don't attempt to park in the lot, either park on woodbridge ave or on one of the side streets.
<review# 98,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/12/2014,8/20/2014,152,161,,6,4>Food trucks and cold drinks, whats not to love?  This is a spot that is more of a stop by and not a stay the whole day.  There are only a couple of tables, fewer still with umbrellas so on a hot day it gets HOT.  Service was efficient and fast.  Never had to wait more the 5 minutes for a drink and was served with a smile.  I believe their is a limit on the credit cards so keep that in mind.  Only a few of the food trucks take cash so make sure you have a little of both handy as their isn't an ATM on site.  Very family friendly atmosphere as their were plenty of new parents with strollers.  Also lots of dogs enjoying a snooze while the owners enjoyed the booze.  Worth checking out on your way to somewhere else.
<review# 99,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/17/2014,8/19/2014,186,247,3,5,5>The minute I walked in, I was struck by how fresh everything smelled. I came in not knowing what to expect. I was just a starving girl, looking for some food. When I walked in, I was caught by the charm and care that seemed to go into the place. It's very clean and simply designed but manages to be beautiful. I saw the owner carefully tending to the meat and felt bad interrupting him. He graciously offered some recommendations on what I could eat there. I opted for a portobello and roasted vegetable sandwich. It was served on delicious, fresh, crusty bread and was awesome. I also had the roasted beet salad. It has been a long time since I've had food with such heart. Food that you could taste was cared for and respected. To have food like that was not only tasty but refreshing. Unfortunately, I didn't get any cuts of meat but I would love to try some. I can't wait to go back!
<review# 100,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/24/2014,8/18/2014,36,109,1,5,3>Excellent Burger! The sterling hotel is a great little historic and rustic place in Long Hill. They pride themselves on great craft beers and comfort food. It is a locals kind of place and definitely worth the trip of your not from town.  The Tavern Burger (blend of ground short rib & brisket, topped with cheddar cheese, applewood smoked bacon, house steak sauce, truffle aioli, field greens, tomato and vinaigrette) might just be the best burger I've ever had. It is served on an absolutely perfect brioche bun (not sure if made in house but definitely seemed so) and served with an onion ring, homemade chips and a pickle. If you love a good burger, I strongly suggest you give it a try. The menu has lots of other great looking options but I'll have a hard time deviating from the tavern burger on my next trip back. Looks like they have a really cool outdoor area as well.
<review# 101,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/29/2014,8/17/2014,259,348,5,8,6>No utensils? NO PROBLEM. (Don't plan on using forks or knives here!)Mesob was a fantastic dining experience from the moment my wife and I walked in and smelled that delightful aroma of spices, beef, and bread. The ambiance is great: dimly lit and somewhat formal attire. We were seated at a nice table near the center island, and greeted by a smiling waitress who cracked open our Californian red for us immediately (which ended up being a GREAT pairing with Ethiopian, by the way).+Apps:-Yelp check-in got us a free app-The Ethiopian bread was UNREAL. Soft. Moist. Used in place of utensils: you tear a piece off and pinch your food in-between your bread-covered fingers. It's something we'd never done before, but something I absolutely loved. 5/5-Portobello mushrooms for my wife-Spiced beef inside hard shells: delicious, like tiny tacos almost. Hot and a little spicy. The beef is minced with onions, scallops, and a spicy sauce. +Entree:-Spiced beef in Ethipian sauce with sides of green beans/carrots and spiced potatoes: outta this world. Again, no forks or knives, just your fingers and soft, Ethiopian bread to pinch you meal. It was done beautifully.-The beef was spicy and cooked well-Carrots/greens: nice butter covering, soft with a bit of give; delicious-Spiced potatoes: GREAT. Chunks of savory potato covered in a spicy, reddish broth. Paired beautifully with the bread. +Price:-Affordable for sure. With a Yelp check-in, you get a free appetizer, which is always nice. We didn't do dessert due to the content feeling from our meal, but I couldn't have been more pleased with the service, quality of food, and dining experience at Mesob. An absolute MUST try if you've been contemplating this place.
<review# 102,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/13/2014,8/16/2014,206,196,4,7,6>My bf and I went hiking on Sunday at the Delaware Water Gap and were starving after. I didn't want to waste having just exercised in the nice weather by indulging in something big and greasy. In searching for a light lunch on yelp, we came across Greenberry's Cafe...20% if you check in on yelp?..you got it!When we got here, there was a little trouble in using the coupon, but we weren't in a hurry or anything. Once the manager arrived, everything was taken care of. We split a full STACKED TURKEY - Smoked turkey, Havarti cheese, avocado, lettuce, roasted red tomatoes and mayo (half  $4.75    full $7.99). It has a lot on it so I was satisfied afterwards on the half. It was a pretty decent size sandwich. I couldn't eat a full in 1 sitting anyway, but my bf def. could. It was delicious! I am so excited that there is a place with this kind of quality sandwich in Wayne. Coffee was good too!The place is also really clean, has a good amount of seating, and a couple of tables outside too. There is also a little fireplace, which we didn't need because it was finally 80 degrees out! Woohoo, finally!
<review# 103,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/19/2014,8/15/2014,219,355,6,11,8>Picked up a strawberry shortcake and a pecan ring with custard for an afternoon barbecue to celebrate my Dad's birthday.  While the strawberry shortcake was good (and they were so nice to write a message on the cake!), the pecan ring was devoured!  It's funny because I brought it as a breakfast snack pre grilling ... it was nibbled on and then brought out with dessert.The bakery is very old school, which I love.  Cash only.  I got there early on Sunday and was one of two people there but by the time I made up my mind on what to get,  a line had formed.  It seems like a very popular spot so if you are buying for a special occasion, I would definitely get there early.  I also got a croissant to tide me over and that was flaky and buttery.  Pricing is extremely reasonable.  Parking can be tricky but a metered spots open up regularly .... it's all about timing.  Bring quarters because I saw the parking meter guy on Saturday near here when I was taking a shortcut to Route 80.I am trying the coffee cake, Napoleon and turnovers next.  Thanks, Yelpers, for letting me know about this place!
<review# 104,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/4/2014,8/14/2014,387,349,6,8,8>Searching Central Ave for some good Peruvian food has been fulfilled by El Rinkoncito Peruano. The restuarant's name is a mouth full. Yet, this father/son team will fill your mouths full of flavor. The multicultural Peruvian flare is present here at El Rinkoncito.Passing this place many times to go to Rumba's Cafe seems to be the trend. This very quaint hidden JEWEL on central ave, has stolen me as a customer. One of the owners explained I should try their fresh chicken. It was a longer  wait than I expected. (remember they are cooking it fresh) When that chicken came out it was juicy with the right amount of charredness. However, what stole the show for me was the Salchipapas. A stir fry of hotdogs/sausages, and combine with french fries, it was delicious. The many weeks I spent in South America. I never ran into Salchipapas. I thought was strictly a Haitian thing instead of fries would be fried green plantains and the hotdog/sausages stays the same.So Hobokenites. tired of Sushi and Pizza try coming up the mountain (its what i hear they call the heights) They also deliver. Get some of this Peruvian GOODNESS.
<review# 105,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/8/2014,8/13/2014,125,196,5,5,6>What a great space to be creative!! I had no idea I had Monet skills inside of me, but with the help of ArteVino Studios they all came out. Great place to kick back and enjoy some quality time with friends over a glass (or bottle) of wine and a blank canvas. The artists here are really great at explaining the painting process to you with from strokes from start to finish along with step by step instructions to creating a masterpiece that you can call your own. The pictures that they have are beautiful and breathtaking and the fact that I can create my own version of it is really cool to me. When I came home with my painting by mom asked me how much I paid for it, thinking I had purchased it and not painted it myself. I was flattered, and convinced if I can do it anyone can. If you get the chance to experience a wine and painting event DO IT you will not be disappointed.
<review# 106,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/19/2014,8/12/2014,294,133,5,13,10>Fernandes is a place that seemed pretty hidden when I was driving through Newark to get here.  I felt the entrance appeared out of nowhere, but when I found it, I was pleasantly surprised, this place was very good with an awesome atmosphere.After walking through the 4 to 5 sets of doors to finally get in, I stumbled upon the entrance atmosphere, which included food displayed on the front that you could potentially eat.  After sitting, one server came by with some specials and even showed us the live seafood they had, and brought over a LIVE lobster to show you fresh the food was.I decided to get the rodizio here and it was a great choice.  It comes with a salad bar and as I would always suggest not eating much, if any of the salad or the sides rodizio comes with (rice, beans, etc) since this takes away the space in your stomach for the meat they give you!  As for drinks, I got the red sangria here, which definitely hit the spot.After a few minutes, the meat started coming in, and boy it was a lot.  My personal favorite were the short ribs and filet minion with cheese.  I would suggest passing on the ham they have, since most of the other meats which include beef, pork, sausage and chicken are much better choices to fill your stomach with.  Once you are full, they give you a slice of pineapples, which is a good ending to the meal.I have to commend the service of everyone here, our server was great and attentive in refilling drinks.  The people who brought over the rodizio meats were prompt in giving us all the different meats we needed until we got full.  So yes, if you love meat, make sure you come here!
<review# 107,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/10/2014,8/11/2014,37,32,10,10,10>My friends and I have been here a few times during the day for their lunch buffet.  The service here is excellent.  We were seated right away and we had water in our glasses all within 2 minutes of entering the front door.  They have a nice selection of both vegetarian and non-veg dishes so our group was happy with both offerings.  The naan comes out to your table freshly made so it's hot and crispy.  For non-vegetarians, the tandoori chicken was excellent as well as the chicken tikka.  I have not been here for dinner, nor ordered take-out before, so I cannot comment on that aspect.  Dessert was rice pudding and it was delicious!Parking is easy as there is a huge metered parking lot right across the street from the restaurant.
<review# 108,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/6/2014,8/10/2014,195,235,17,22,19>We visited Kiseki for a late lunch/early dinner on a recent Sunday afternoon. We were warmly greeted by the owners and since this was our first visit, we were presented with a complimentary (and delicious) crab appetizer and an order of edamame while we perused the menu. Lots of options ranging from noodles, to sushi, to hibachi. We both ordered a seaweed salad (nice portion size) and some sushi pieces and rolls. Very good fish-to-rice ratio, nicely seasoned rice, and the sushi pieces were generous in size. He and I are not big on the deep-fried sushi rolls with sauce, but they offer some of those types of rolls if that tickles your fancy. The sushi rolls that do not contain any raw fish are marked with an asterisk on the menu (i.e. - cooked rolls). This is good if you are taking a sushi virgin out and you want to slowly ease them into this type of cuisine. Take someone's virginity away tonight! Dine-in, take-out, or delivery. Parking is available out front and in the private lot in the back. Prices are very in-line for this area.It is nearly impossible to find a dine-in Japanese restaurant that is open on Sunday afternoon nearby where I live. Thank you, Kiseki for making our day. We'll return!
<review# 109,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/5/2014,8/9/2014,92,129,3,11,6>Escape is one of the best restaurants in Montclair.  I was skeptical because I have yet to find a 5 star dining experience to share with my parents in Montclair, but I finally think I have found my place.  I think Escape is definitely better than Fascino in terms of gourmet dining.To start, the corn bread madelines and the biscuits are SO tasty.  The butter is extra sweet which only adds to the rich flavor of the baking.We had the duck hearts to start which were SO amazing in terms of flavor and texture.  I ordered the snapper and my husband ordered the scallops.  While we are both not people who gravitate towards seafood when dining out, we were both BEYOND satisfied.  They were both sitting on a bed of tasty rice and greens.  My husbands came with ramps which I had never heard of!  They were similar to broccoli rabe.  We also ordered a side of bacon mac and cheese.  SO RICH and SO worth the money.We did not get to dessert because we were beyond our budget and belts, but next time we will definitely save room for dessert...and...invite my parents to treat!!
<review# 110,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/3/2014,8/8/2014,1162,532,4,8,6>Three words: Thai basil duck. I've been here at least 3 times and find myself ordering that same dish over and over. Each time, the breast has been a little dry and crispy on the edges, but as you progressively work your way toward the center, it gets more juicy and mouth-watering with every bite. The sauce is fantastic and you can control the heat by ordering it mild, medium, or hot. Also, the rice has always been cooked perfectly.I also can't seem to leave here without ordering Thai iced tea, which has been delicious every time. The purple yam ice cream is insanely good. Try that on the Bangkok delight and you won't regret it.Other pluses:-BYOB-Consistently fast and friendly service-Cozy, inviting atmosphereCons: -That same cozy, inviting atmosphere is also tight. Very tight. They can probably only seat 20 people at any given time and there's really no place to stand if you have to wait. But they do take reservations, so call ahead if you can.-Parking. The best place to find a spot is in the apartment complex across the street. No permit required.Other: Closed on Mondays.
<review# 111,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/5/2014,8/7/2014,175,583,4,8,7>If you don't already know - Plum is now open for DINNER on Wednesdays and Thursdays.I went there last night.Listen, this chick can make anything taste good and that's exactly what she did last night.The place itself has a different (romantic-ish) type atmosphere at night.  Candles all over - cloth napkins - wine glasses.The menu is small but excellent - with 2 - 3 specials on top.Menu came with a DELICIOUS basket of crispy bread and olives in the most tasty dipping oil.We started with the cheese and meat plate which was SO GOOD.  There were 3 cheeses and 3 meats.  Served with some toast point thing a ma bobs.I also had the lamb tartare - yes raw lamb.  OMG amazing!!  Who knew??  It was served with a slather of hummus and some Tabbouleh.  Came with pita chips - (actually I had some left over from last night and as I type this - I just finished my left over raw lamb for breakfast )We ALSO split the BLT salad - Nat used her signature bacon ,a hunk of iceberg - the most perfect heirloom tomatoes and blue cheese (prob the best blue I've ever eaten)Entrees, I had the pan roasted trout (skin on).  It came with the most amazing brussel sprout salad.  The flavor was excellent and portion tremendous.My gf had the zucchini spaghetti.  Seriously, you wouldn't  know it was zucchini.  Sauce was very flavorful and delicious.For dessert we split the grapefruit chocolate tart :::::thud:::::  From the first bite, I thought I had died and gone to heaven.It is BYOB at night and luckily there's a liquor store directly across the street.  We picked up a bottle of Atteca Old Vines 2012 and it fit the meal perfectly.Go Go Go!!!
<review# 112,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/8/2014,8/6/2014,127,141,2,7,5>I think that this place is one of the best, if not the best, breakfast places around. They have an amazing table turnover rate so you're not really waiting very long for a table, as well as the food turnover rate. I went again today (Sunday morning at around 10am) and there was a list of about 5 groups on the waiting list before me and i was seated within 10 minutes. That personally is a huge must for breakfast places.Food: Top notch quality, preparation, and overall flavorAtmosphere: Hometown, if youre from the area expect to run into at least one person you knowPrice: I think people are mistaking high prices for price of quality. The prices here are higher than the normal diner but you are getting fresh quality food.Also the two owners, and all the wait staff are extremely friendly!
<review# 113,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/14/2014,8/5/2014,195,157,5,12,11>First of all, thank you Yelpers for recommending this place. All the positive reviews were spot on. AB is a very unassuming restaurant on a busy commercial main street in Nutley. You would pass it by if you did not know it existed. But that's where the unassuming ends. Food is great. Waitress Maria is great. Clothed tables with a family atmosphere is great. And Chef/Owner Kenny coming out throughout the evening to make sure all are happy is great. The table was set with a complimentary warm bread and an antipasto, which was very assorted and deelish! Our waitress Maria was my favorite kind of server, one with an opinion. She guided us through the menu from start to finish, and she was such a delight while doing it. Thank you so much Maria. We had tri-color salad and I had the escarole white bean soup (half portion). All nice and fresh and wonderful. Entrees were crazy good! Stuff pork chop in a red wine sauce reduction with mushrooms (one of the higher priced dishes but could easily serve 2) was unbelievably incredible. I recommend the sweet potato soufflé as one of the veggies. Mmm, mmm, mmm. Our table also had the stuff rigatoni with pork bragoli. They all raved about it. The pork was so tender and moist. For desserts blueberry crumb pies with ice cream and the biggest cannoli I've ever seen. All were wonderful. This is a bookmarked restaurant for us from now on. We couldn't have had a more delightful birthday celebration and dinner. Thank you Kenny and Maria. You must GO THERE!!!
<review# 114,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/2/2014,8/4/2014,179,127,1,9,5>My car really needed a cleaning. Dog hair and dust everywhere so I decided to get an inside detailing. I have a Toyota rav 4 and this place gave me a great price, much cheaper than anywhere else. I showed up 3 hrs after dropping off the car and was dreading the worst- that I put in a lot if money and the results wouldn't even be noticeable. And happily I was very wrong. The inside of the car looks brand NEW, everything was clean, all the dog hair was gone and the car had the new car smell. I am one very very happy customer.
<review# 115,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/27/2014,8/3/2014,324,316,7,12,8>This is a new cafe at the Freylingheysen Arboretum. It's nice for this type of cafe. Usually there are just some plastic chairs and a cafeteria feel at places like this. Matilda's Cafe is in a little house and it has a well lit mini greenroom type area to the right that looks out on the garden. There is another seating area to the left with dark wooden furniture.I had a ham and swiss croissant; it was good. It had some watercress in it which was a nice touch. I like some fresh ingredients in with my pastry made of layers of butter. I was going to ask for it warm, but somehow that got lost while she was telling me that they would make my sandwich to order. There are some plastic-wrapped in the case, don't get those ;) I think my croissant was better at room temp anyway since it had the greens in it.
<review# 116,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/4/2014,8/2/2014,266,172,4,8,6>woohoo-as-good-as-it-gets-this-sentiment-that-yelp-attaches-to-a-five-star-rating-fits-the-bosphorus-quiet-well-i-came-upon-this-amazing-restaurant-based-on-the-reviews-of-other-yelpers-i-was-excited-to-see-if-the-place-could-really-live-up-to-the-hype-i-can-say-for-certain-that-without-a-shadow-of-a-doubt-this-place-deserves-all-the-high-praises-it-has-garnered-i-brought-the-fam-bam-on-a-saturday-evening-for-a-nice-dinner-and-everything-was-fabulous-from-the-start-to-finish-and-what-a-finish-i-tell-you-ill-talk-more-about-it-later-but-they-hit-it-out-of-the-park-let-me-start-with-the-atmosphere-and-decor-of-the-restaurant-its-clean-modern-and-has-touches-of-mediterranean-flavor-with-their-use-of-wood-throughout-it-is-relatively-small-for-a-popular-restaurant-but-it-makes-it-the-more-intimate-i-highly-suggest-a-reservation-especially-if-you-go-on-a-busy-nightlets-get-to-the-important-part-of-the-review-then-the-food-was-delicious-presented-beautifully-and-left-a-memorable-imprint-on-my-mind-i-hate-it-when-i-visit-a-place-for-the-first-time-and-i-forget-what-i-ordered-thats-just-disappointing-but-with-the-bosphorus-i-remembered-everything-that-we-order-from-the-appetizer-to-the-dessert-armed-with-a-4-year-old-bottle-of-wine-from-my-dads-reserve-we-started-the-meal-with-the-cold-appetizer-sampler-which-consisted-of-stuffed-grape-leaves-hummus-babaganoush-and-labneh-all-went-awesome-with-a-side-of-fresh-warm-bread-then-the-quintessential-bosphorus-salad-came-next-i-suggest-sharing-this-salad-with-other-people-because-it-is-both-tall-and-wide-look-at-the-pictures-and-youll-know-what-i-mean-the-flavor-is-all-there-it-was-so-delicious-i-couldnt-get-enough-of-it-honestly-i-was-already-stuffed-after-eating-the-app-and-salad-but-alas-there-was-still-an-entree-to-go-my-family-ordered-three-different-dishes-pops-went-with-the-gyro-mother-the-chicken-saute-and-me-the-lamb-shish-i-got-to-try-a-little-of-everything-and-cross-my-heart-they-were-perfectly-cooked-and-so-flavorful-i-dont-know-how-consistent-they-are-but-at-least-on-that-saturday-night-they-hit-those-lil-devils-out-of-the-park-it-was-like-being-transported-to-the-mediterranean-with-its-beautiful-landscape-sun-drenched-mountains-and-deep-blue-ocean-all-ready-to-welcome-first-time-travelers-there-was-so-much-of-the-entree-left-that-we-had-no-choice-but-to-take-the-leftovers-home-but-i-wasnt-going-to-leave-without-dessert-i-had-to-make-sure-we-got-the-full-meal-experience-so-my-fam-shared-an-order-of-baklava-and-kazan-dibi-baklava-came-out-warm-and-gooey-which-is-the-way-its-supposed-to-and-the-kazan-dibi-had-the-perfect-caramelized-sugar-shell-it-was-like-a-turtle-hiding-its-delicate-flavor-underneath-its-shell-what-a-great-end-to-a-mealas-i-said-in-the-beginning-it-was-a-great-time-from-start-to-finish-and-here-is-why-i-placed-importance-on-the-finish-when-my-family-and-i-started-heading-out-towards-the-door-the-waiter-who-had-served-us-the-whole-night-dropped-what-he-was-doing-near-the-counter-grabbed-a-box-and-opened-the-door-for-us-thanked-us-and-bid-us-a-good-night-then-he-opened-the-box-and-inside-it-were-ferrero-rocher-chocolates-for-each-of-us-to-take-i-have-been-to-many-many-restaurants-but-i-can-say-this-was-the-first-time-that-ive-ever-seen-that-level-of-service-tesekkur-ederim-bosphorus-we-will-be-back
<review# 117,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/22/2014,8/1/2014,72,70,8,11,11>My friend who lives in the Hamilton Park area has always suggested I check out this place. So after two months, I finally made my way here for brunch on a late Sunday morning with my Mom. First of all, I love the fact that they have both outdoor seating and indoor seating. Plus I give the person who came up with the idea to weld the iron chairs and tables into the fence around the establishment kudos - so genius! Second, great wait service: Our first waitress (who I believe was the bartender) gave us get drink recommendations - try the Apple Jacks and/or Pancake shot (tastes exactly like the name). The second waiter was so friendly, patient and resourceful at least when I asked about his tattoo and if I could post a flyer in the window. Food: I had one of the specials of the day, smoke salmon Florentine - so yummy. I split that with another special, praline french toast. I also was interested to try their blueberry and cream cheese stuffed french toast - I guess I'll just have to come back!Overall the place was very neighborhood friendly. People of all walks of live chillin having some drinks and food. Music ranged from rock, indie to pop. The bar (from what I saw at first glance) is old fashion dark wood but the setup inside is very comfortable and inviting; a bit rustic.
<review# 118,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/24/2014,7/31/2014,248,246,3,8,8>I'm such a huge fan of this place! Lately, I've been asking all my friends to meet me here if we're grabbing tea/coffee.First of all, the owner is so friendly, and he's come to recognize me (probs because I've been coming by at least once a week). They are always willing to mix up something special for you or help you decide if you have no idea what you want. I love the iced teas and the chamomile vanilla soy teapuccino.MAD PROPS for having a vegan menu and vegan sweets! Tea NJ is definitely committed to pleasing the vegans of Jersey City. In addition, they offer brunch on the weekends.My only critique is that the decor is a little bit kitschy and could be improved. Also, not all the chairs are very comfortable. But I will overlook those details and focus on the amazing positives. It's my fave place to go write!
<review# 119,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/14/2014,7/30/2014,47,101,4,7,5>Yep. This is legit. Both halves of The Duo went with the pork ramen ... we could not have been happier. It was my wife who said it best, this ramen tasted so authentic it was as if we stepped into the owners home and we're having a special family meal.The broth was divine, I wouldn't have dared put any additional seasoning. The Pork practically fell apart.  It was nearly as soft as the tofu. Oh yeah,  a Lil twist on a classic pork katsu. Bok choy, carrots, bamboo shoots ... Do not come here for a flashy experience. This is a corner deli with 5 tables by my count. Husband and wife running the joint. That is not to say it wasn't clean, it was very much so. Quite simply,  this is a secret Lil corner spot that if my intuition is right, won't be a secret for much longer ... Big thanks to Elite-er Joel M. for getting the ball rolling on this spot.
<review# 120,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/17/2014,7/29/2014,13,45,9,7,6>Place is cool. Craft brews? Check. Ample impromptu gathering space? Check. Stumbling distance from train station? Check. Weekends can be hit or miss but their beer options always deliver. I can't speak on their scotch as I didn't try any. On tap Ommegang Rare Vos. Delightful amber ale. I also tried the malty, heavier bodied Founders Dirty Bastard. Im down with FDB, u know me. Potato pancakes are my weakness. Instead of traditional apple sauce they class it up with a apple "chutney" (more jam-like).  Cheese steak springs rolls were a nice heartier version of a normally more delicate app. It's a large well lit bar, tons of tables, few board games spread throughout, decent background music, nice bathrooms. Is it on and poppin'? No, so you can look elsewhere for that. Do they have a respectable selection of craft brews? Definitely. If you're looking for water (miller, coors, bud lites) you won't appreciate their charm. But if you a beer aficionado such as myself you will make your way back and not worry if there's gonna be a crowd or not.
<review# 121,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/30/2014,7/28/2014,1178,314,7,19,14>Despite the fact that I moved to Jersey City over two months ago, I'm still in the process of finding the gems the neighborhood has to offer. Satis Bistro looked a little out of place in Paulus Hook; the venue doubles as a restaurant and cafe, but has its own salumeria and bakery on premise. Curiousity piqued, a friend and I arrived for dinner one Saturday evening, and spent a substantial amount of time appreciating the interior at Satis. The three separate areas - a wine bar, the dining room, and an upstairs loft - are dressed up in a style that would best be described industrial chic. Elegant window drapings are contrasted against exposed brick walls, while the lighting inside relies on a few chandeliers and dangling Edison light bulbs.We were seated at one of the two-tops in the dining area and handed the menu for the evening. While Satis places a great deal of emphasis on their cured meats and cheeses, we were tempted more by their actual dishes. They weren't that numbered, but each sounded just as tempting as the others. In the end, we ended up ordering three mains between the two of us, sharing the first as our makeshift appetizer.To begin: the Homemade Black Truffle Veal Ravioli. It's been months since I had this dish, but I can still recall how unbelievable the first few bites were. The filling inside the ravioli was rich and sumptuous, with just a hint of gameyness from the veal. The Maitake Marsala Gravy, a thick, earthy sauce, was perfectly balanced, blending the mushroom flavor and the slight bitterness from the wine seamlessly. A truffled celery root added even more richness and aroma to each bite, a much appreciated, if unnecessary, addition. The pasta disappeared all too quickly, leaving us with only the regret of not placing two separate orders of the dish.Thankfully, our entrees followed in short time, and I had gone with the Braised Angus Beef Short Rib, a signature dish by Chef Michael Fiorianti [2]. Although it was a dish I looked forward to immensely, I was surprised by how dry and tough the short rib was. The meat was sinewy and stringy, which contributed to a lack of flavor in the protein, barely ameliorated by the addition of red wine roasted pearl onions. The chorizo and goat cheese mashed potatoes were an ingenuous side, however, contributing a little spice and tartness to the meld. From the few bites I had of the Slow Roasted Berkshire Pork Shoulder, I similarly found myself wishing for more moisture in the pork, although the flavor of the clams and saffron broth was well thought out.We ended dinner with an order of the Bourbon Apple Pie, composed of Honeycrisp Apple slices, a bourbon-infused caramel sauce, and vanilla gelato. I loved the texture and sweetness of this dessert - a crisp, hard pie shell against the soft, cinnamon-dusted roasted apple slices, lightly drizzled with caramel. Although the vanilla gelato arrived already partially melted, it provided just the right contrast in texture and temperature to balance out the apple pie. While our dinner at Satis Bistro wasn't flawless, it was nonetheless an impressive meal. The menu is created with a great deal of care, and refuses to be pigeon-holed into the typical categories of "French" or "Italian"; instead, it skews towards an all-encompassing European slant.  I'd love to return to try their charcuterie or their house-made gelato, especially as they're open for brunch --[1] Satis is Latin for "enough", and is the root of the word "satisfy".[2] Chef Fiorianti formerly worked in the corporate kitchens at Goldman Sachs.
<review# 122,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/4/2014,7/27/2014,70,45,6,10,8>This is one of my favorite pizza places in the area (and there are a ton to choose from). There is a pizzeria side and a restaurant side. Currently (4/4/14) the restaurant side is closed for renovation. I am rating the pizzeria because thats where I always go. The pies are all great. Some of my favorites are the salad pizza, the spinach pie, and the vegetarian pie. Salad pizza has arugula with onions tomatoes mozzarella parmesan and a light olive oil dressing that is amazing. Besides the pizza, the roasted vegetable sandwich is TO DIE FORR. I know from this review it seems like I love veggies, but I really don't. They have just managed to make it all taste so delicious! Make sure to get it heated and dip it in a side of their balsamic dressing. I guarantee you'll love it. All the other sandwiches and salads I've had here are great.This place really is one of the treasures of the area.
<review# 123,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/23/2014,7/26/2014,255,421,8,9,8>Nori was our second choice for dinner in Montclair on Saturday night, but from now on, it's going to be my first!We made the short walk to Nori after we found there was a 90+ min wait at that *other* popular restaurant on Bloomfield Ave. It's all good; we were craving sushi anyway and I was looking forward to trying a new place. No wait! Thank goodness. The restaurant was busy, but not crowded. We were seated immediately at a cozy "booth" table near the side windows. Our waiter brought us waters & 4 wine glasses for our obnoxiously oversized bottle of wine (BYOB!).The menu is, in a word, outstanding. There are two pages jam-packed with really creative, fun, and interesting specialty rolls. On other pages, there are sushi/sashimi specials, vegetarian options, & bento boxes. So much to choose from! I finally settled on two rolls: Donkey Kong and #1.Let me just get this out of the way: THE DONKEY KONG ROLL IS EVERYTHING. It first caught my eye as a hilariously named specialty roll, but then I read the description: Shrimp Tempura roll with a Fried Banana on top? How could I not try it? It literally changed my life. I didn't even know you could put a fried banana on top of a sushi roll -- but Nori did, and it WORKS. The shrimp tempura was perfect, the roll was fresh & lovely, and the fried banana added another layer of crunchy/caramelized/sweet. When I finished it, I wanted another one IMMEDIATELY, but I resisted because I didn't want to turn into a sushi roll (a la Violet Beauregarde). But seriously, I highly recommend you try this roll! It's a little out there as far as sushi goes, but it's sooooo worth it.The #1 roll was also very good, and I would be singing its praises if I wasn't so in love with the Donkey Kong roll. The #1 has salmon, avocado, asparagus, cucumber, & tri-color tobiko (which I had to look up - no shame - to learn it's just flying fish roe). The #1 was very tasty! The salmon was fresh & the veggies had a nice fresh crunch to them. I really enjoyed this roll too!My two rolls came out to $30. There was no BYOB/corkage fee either, so yay! Our bill for 4 people was just under $100, which is more than reasonable for a sushi dinner. In the back, there's even a really cool private room with one of those low tables where everyone kneels on those low pillows. I'd love to try that!And so, while I definitely plan on returning, and I have every intention of bringing my friends & my fiance next time, Nori only gets four stars. Why? The service was a bit slow (we were starving), and the group behind us was particularly loud & obnoxious. Perhaps they brought a little too much BYOB? They knocked into the partition behind me more than once, and I think the entire restaurant breathed a sigh of relief when they paid their bill & left. Hopefully my next visit will inspire an updated review! I'm so glad we found each other, Nori! Let's never part. Until next time -- and save me a couple of fried bananas please!
<review# 124,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/5/2014,7/25/2014,151,162,2,11,6>Petite Soo Chow is the first (only?) restaurant that springs to mind if I had to recommend a Chinese restaurant in North Jersey. Authentic (good-tasting) Chinese restaurants are pretty sparse in this area, as many locals already know. I've been here more than a handful of times now, including a big dinner party with a pre-fixe menu that included cantonese lobster, sea cucumber, whole fish, peking duck (yes!!!) and a variety of authentic dishes. I was actually pretty impressed by the overall quality of the meal and have to commend the chef for busting out a good 12 dishes that were all cooked well.But most people don't come here for big dinners, so I'm just going to review based on a normal visit. DO get the soup dumplings (xiao long bao) because they are BIG, juicy and satisfying. They come 8 to a steamed basket. My friends and I have noted on multiple occasions that the dumplings are bigger than most in NY at ~$6.95. Make sure to use the soy sauce vinegar dipping sauce they give on the side. For main entrees to share, I liked my friend's choice of the house specialty fried tofu in brown sauce. I also think they do a pretty good job on the house fried rice. All the dishes are pretty big sized portions by the way, so two people could easily be full on three dishes with leftovers for lunch. Trying to keep this a short review but if I got a craving for soup dumplings and I don't want to go to the city, I would definitely visit Petite Soo Chow. Note that the parking is kind-of a pain but somehow so far, we've all made it work.Key Words: SOUP DUMPLINGS!!
<review# 125,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/14/2014,7/24/2014,27,63,6,11,8>Third and Vine's attributes are about the tangibles and intangibles. I was there for their Preview Night and on 2/14 (their soft opening). Service is great. Price was good. The cheese, the cheese plate - I don't know about cheese, and I didn't need to know about cheese but I learned that I like some fancy types of cheeses. These were our thoughts, which I think are pretty valuable.Here are additional thoughts:1.     Loved that it's a wine bar with great small plates. We had the meatballs over polenta (yummy yummy), pate (I think it was chicken but husband doesn't think it was) with jammy onion spread (I forgot what it's called), cheese plate, and the cheese toast filled with egg yolk topped with truffle oil. --- I don't recall the names on the menu but omg, these were all so great.  The menu is perfect.  I've always enjoyed wine bars with a good small plates menu.2.     The fromager and co-owner Jamie was knowledgeable, attentive, intuitive, and just cool. She asked if there were cheeses that we were partial/impartial to and of course the response was we'll try anything that you recommend! Our intuition was correct, she brought us three perfect, interesting, and tasty cheeses. We loved the pairings.3.     We had two bottles of red wine - loved the recommendation from the owner. It was perfect for our dry taste and went well with our foods.4.     It's a fairly big place so there is a lovely long bar and many bar tables in the space.5.     The service was great. I like a place where you can talk to the folks who run it, and when they're the owners, all the better.6.     Met Lynn the chef - he's simply fabulous. Can't wait to see what other creations he brings there! Hope others find joy in the wine and food. Definite good addition to JC Village. Can see this becoming my local spots after work. Already planning my 40th here for mid March!Owners, you rock!!!
<review# 126,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/21/2014,7/23/2014,159,162,11,20,17>I'm in love! Forget Starbucks, Panera and Paris Baguette. This will be my go to place for delicious lunch/dessert yumminess for a while. It's located on the main st of New Brunswick (George st) right whereall the action usually is. When you walk in the glass door you're automatically greeted then you see a menu on your left just in cause you don't know what you want yet and you don't want to test anyone's patience by reading the menu in front of the cashier. They also have molds of the treats in case you want to know portion size, what it really looks like etc... Then you go to the cashier and place you're order, there is a mini screen facing you that shows you the items that the cashier is punching in (just in case you need to make any corrections). Then after you pay they give you one of those vibrating gadgets to let you know when your order is ready. They have a wide range of selections on the menu from drinks, to desserts and sandwiches. They have yogurt snacks, cakes and bottled drinks if you don't want any fancy lattes or lemonade. The interior is huge with plenty of seating. They even have a little upstairs area if you want an intimate space that's all yours. The decor is chic and clean, but the lighting is a little dark. Which is actually kind of romantic if you're on a date. The service was great...they're nice and courteous. The most important thing is they're hygienic and you can see everything they're doing. Which is great if you're a germaphobe like me. The food was delicious and the portions generous. We ordered the ham & egg sandwich. It was slices of ham with a poached egg, some mushrooms and a variety of other veggies with some kind of yummy sauce on a crusty bread. The other item was Asian shrimp sandwich..that was delicious too with a hint of Asian seasonings..shrimp on a bed of greens with what looked like bean sprouts too on a crusty bread. The piece de resistance was the New York cheesecake ice cream slush. It was humongous!!! It was a big drop bowl full of ice slush, with what seemed like some kind of Cookie crumble with a huge vanilla ice cream on top, whipped cream and a huge slice of blueberry cheesecake with blueberry sauce drizzled all over.  Omg it was all so delicious! The ice treat was so big that we had to take the cheesecake and half of our sandwiches to go because we couldn't finish it all. No annoying music, great for studying or if you just want a nice snack out with the girls or a date. I highly recommend this place! You don't necessarily need a sweet tooth because there are many options to choose from in their menu. I will definitely be back here again!!!!
<review# 127,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/25/2014,7/22/2014,30,64,6,8,4>I was sitting at the bar at Pig and Prince the other weekend when a woman asked me where she and her cousin (who just flew in from Italy) should go in Montclair for a great Italian dinner. "Giotto's. Go to Giotto's," was my emphatic reply.I'm not sure Giotto's is the most authentic Italian restaurant around, but the food is the best.  If they have the lasagna special, get it! I've never ordered lasagna at a restaurant in my life, but the waiter said it was one of their best dishes. Trust me. Trust him. Get it. You know those eating experiences when your eyes roll into the back of your head, you stop speaking for like 12 minutes and just take down what you're eating piece by piece until it's all gone and then you suddenly snap back to reality realizing that your date is just starring at you? Yeah. It's like that. I've also had the scallop entree, the Frutti di Mare (also unbelievable), linguine and clams (Italians only ever eat this dish with the "white" sauce), and their specials are ALWAYS on point. Fresh pasta is the star at Giotto's and that's what I tend to stick with. It's also a BYOB which saves a lot of money.The only downside to Giotto's is it's always packed and there's always someone waiting for your table.
<review# 128,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/25/2014,7/21/2014,121,468,6,6,5>Kolo Klub is one of those places you will never simply stumble upon and is a hidden gem in the back end of Hoboken.  You will not see a storefront for the place; it is located above the Pilsener Haus.The Kolo Klub has a great atmosphere.  Honestly I can not find the right words to accurately describe what its like.  They do run with the bicycle theme (that's what "kolo" means) and it has both a classic and hipster feel, if that makes sense.The food tastes great.  They mostly serve fancier dishes like pate.  You can tell they take great care with every plate.Last time I was here, there were 3 beers on draft at $7 a pop.  They also sell bottles ranging from $6-$10.  However, the real draw is the cocktails the bartenders whip up.  If you do not have at least one, you ignoring the best feature of the Kolo Klub.I have been here for small, unorganized birthday celebrations and just to hang out.  I know they will also host special events for up to around 150 people.  Also, there is a DJ on the weekends.  All in all a pretty versatile spot!*Edited for grammar!*
<review# 129,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/31/2014,7/20/2014,109,65,8,9,8>I was introduced to this amazing specimen of a restaurant by an ex boyfriend of mine who lived a couple blocks away. I've happily spent many a drunken night at this diner, but that's a story for another forum.Be prepared to look over the menu for 20 mins, cuz they have everything under the sun.My go-tos are the bean nachos and potato skins with broccoli. The nachos could feed me three times over so I always have to share. They come with hearty toppings, as well as guac, sour cream, and salsa on the side. The potato skins are always crispy, with quality cheddar and jack, and broccoli florets, not stems. I've tried lots of other things as well and they always surpass the diner standard.The one thing I wouldn't recommend is their salad bar. Most of the toppings, such as carrots, are pickled which doesn't do it for me. I want fresh ass carrots. But there is a wide variety of additions to choose from, so that's a plus.You can tell what a freaking awesome place this is from the fact that it's poppin at all times. I've been here at the most random hours and it's always packed.I've  never had a problem with the service in my many trips to this diner. But I suppose most of the times I could've been too shloshed to notice a difference.I usually end my reviews with "Try this place if you're in the area," but Coach House is a place worth traveling for. Take a trip here, you won't be disappointed.
<review# 130,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/24/2014,7/19/2014,235,206,11,16,13>If all this place sold was cheese balls I'd still be a fan! They are perfectly made. Luv the fresh fat ricotta cheese inside with perfect fried crust all around. Dunk those bad boys in the sauce and close your eyes as you chew cause there will be a party going on. The pizza here taste like wheat doughy thin crust that is soft, but strong enough to hold my toppings. I love making pizza tacos and stuffing all my fresh arugula inside of it. FACT: when I asked for arugula they heard me! See my photo.Make your own pizza at $1 each vegetable topping & $2 for the meats or have a traditional one and add to it. Look u can't go wrong either way this place gets it done right. Freshness, tastiness, and efficient service. WINNING!
<review# 131,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/25/2014,7/18/2014,141,83,14,16,9>Mighty Quinns made me Mighty Happy or was I just Mighty Hungry?.... Either way this shit hit the spot. Is it pricey?  Yes Is the line long? Yes Were the cashiers borderline rude? Hell YesBut would I go back?  Yes. Now, if possible.I had the burnt end sandwich. Which was supposedly burnt brisket ends simmered in bbq sauce. I could eat it for bfast, lunch, brunch,  linner, dinner, desert. I loved it and so did everyone I was with.  I also got to try the edamame/pea side.  Not bad,  kinda minty/sweet. The sweet potato casserole with maple syrup and pecans was amazing. The fries were also good.....I have no complaints. I would go back just for their Bread pudding....that bread pudding though.....Are they open now? Lol....drooling
<review# 132,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/6/2014,7/17/2014,85,82,4,11,10>For Newark, this is an absolute gem! A diamond in the rough! Where did The Monk Room come from?Located on Green Street right across from city hall, it would be so easy to miss this place. However, once you do find it, you'll be so glad that you did because it's such a cute place! I would have expected to find it on Halsey Street near Elbow Room, 27 Mix, or Coffee Cave, however it's a hidden one!First things first, they have an excellent drinks menu, which becomes even better at Happy Hour Prices. Secondly, being a lactose intolerant vegetarian, they had quite a few veggie options in terms of salads, pastas, and pizza! Their marinara pizza in particular, which is normally boring, was also quite nice as it didn't have too much cheese on it. Thirdly, the ambience is awesome! It's got these exposed brick walls with photos all over them, a nice long bar for people to sit at, a great view of the kitchen where you can watch them make the pizza, and a tv for sports fans!I also saw that they have a brunch menu, so I know where I"ll be coming for my next brunch!
<review# 133,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/13/2014,7/16/2014,278,439,7,14,11>Don't sleep on this one, Yelpies. This is some of, if not the best ramen in this area. You can leave that long-ass line and chaotic parking lot at Mitsuwa; save yourself a Path ride into the city, and almost skip the flight to Japan for this ramen (jk, don't know about that, will update after I've been). The shop is new, tiny but visually pleasing. The interior is dark wood with clean lines. There's a noodle maker on display when you first enter. The menu is straight to the point, a couple variations on ramen and a few starters.  We got the spicy and black ramen to try. Every bite had us exclaiming "omg!"  The broth was delicious, meaty but not greasy, just a tad salty so make sure you have water handy. I believe the noodles are made in house and they are just the right amount of tender and chewy. The egg was perfectly cooked and the pork was nice and meaty, fatty, and smoky. On second thought- don't come here, so there's more for me :)
<review# 134,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/8/2014,7/15/2014,512,164,4,9,5>If you want to know where every Italian peep on Staten island is out to dine on Sunday on the Island of Staten, now you know.My sister booked a 45 person dinner for my brother-in-law's birthday here and it was defintiely the place to book. It has the Patrizia's Brooklyn feel to it, only 4x the size. Apparently, we were only one of many huge parties, this place is absolutely crammed, crashed, and crowded.Props for setting up those big white, weddingy-rental looking tents, at least people waiting did not have to freeze. Courses came in nicely spaced procession. Caprese, baked clams ( and they did the clams right - half baked, not murdered into rubber band status), Lobster tails, prawns, clams, and mussels, more cheese, steak, and their homemade pasta. i have to hand it to Patrizia's. Their homemade pasta is pretty delish.Service was good, our servers seemed a bit overwhelmed, but the place was overwhelmed in general but they were quick to two-step over whatever you needed and the owner stopped by, which is a great and extremely appreciated touch when you are throwing a party. It's a great atmosphere and what I love is that you can see that everyone who sits, whether you are a party of 4 or 40, is in for the long haul and they like it that way. Oh yeah, true to Little Italy traditions - there is a lot of LOUD singing and napking shaking. Kitschy, but I likes.
<review# 135,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/4/2014,7/14/2014,133,153,5,10,7>You want to have breakfast or lunch in a tiny cafe in a small European town without having to actually fly anywhere? Step right in to Le Salbuen!  Dropped in here recently before a morning movie and was instantly impressed with the provincial details and cramped little tables resting on vintage tile.  Yes, impressed.  I'm European and things like that just remind me of home.  I was also impressed to find vegan dishes next to organic farm-sourced meats.  If you're going to eat meat, I'm pretty sure it should be this kind.  The kind that my grandparents raised and slaughtered on their own farm.  I chose the fresh organic eggs with a side of sweet potato hash.  It came with a thick slice of bread from Balthazar.  My plate of food was small.  In other words, it was the perfect size.  You can tell the entire meal was made from scratch with a pinch of this fresh herb and a pinch of that herb.  I love it when a simple dish packs a ton of flavor.My only complaint was the temperature of the coffee.  I wish it had come to the table much hotter.  I also wish I had had the time for their pour-over coffee. I hear it's some of the best in the area.  Next time.  Soon.
<review# 136,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/26/2013,7/13/2014,228,90,4,11,6>Truly a gem of Jersey City, clearly standing out from the surrounding buildings. Through the large window panes, you can see the dimly lit interior filled with various booths and a brightly decorated bar. We were greeted as soon as we walked in and were quickly taken to an empty table.I was very impressed with the many different types of burgers as well as a wide array of appetizers and a ton of different sauces and combinations to build your own burger I ultimately settled on the Mac Daddy burger. Our server Michelle was very sweet and answered all of our questions about the different types of sauces and burger fixings. We didn't have to wait too long until our food to arrive and all I can say is damn... they serve one hell of a burger! My Mac Daddy burger had the house patty, a deep fried and cheese patty, tomatoes and bacon (I added lettuce as well). I must say I was so impressed with the heartiness of the burger, compared to other gourmet burgers I've had in the past this one was huge, the patty itself was almost 1/2 thick! The combination of the mac and cheese patty and beef patty complimented each other so well. Each bite was packed with a delicious cheesy soft texture from the macaroni paired with the hearty burger and lightness of veggies. Im drooling writing about this.. And the it was such a stacked burger that I had issues biting into it. And at only 9 bucks it was DEALS!My only complaint is that they didn't give us enough napkins, with a huge burger like that.. Oh well I will get over it. I will most definitely be back for more!
<review# 137,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/9/2014,7/12/2014,126,354,1,13,6>Koy Turkish Grill emitted the most delectable scent as we pulled in the parking lot and its quite rare for a restaurant to entice before you step inside. The Turkish restaurant created a decorative experience with hanging scarves and beautiful art.  Decor and the entertainment (belly dancer) really made my 4 star decision. We were served warm bread and olives in olive oil.  The bread was an interesting texture and was quite addictive. To start, we ordered the hot appetizer sampler plate.  I love grape leaves and they were my favorite on the plate.  For dinner, I shared the Shepard Salad and the mixed grill.  The salad was fresh and flavorful and consisted mostly of diced cucumber and tomatoes in an olive oil vinegar dressing. The mixed grill was just ok.  Some of the meats were delicious but others were sort of dry with little flavor.  I tried the chicken from the chicken mixed grill and thought it was much more interesting.  Dessert was definitely the highlight.  Save room for the Kazandibi.  I was convinced by the pictures on Yelp but was a bit nervous to see what it tasted like.  I was blown away... like Creme Brulee with an gooey center.  Sounds gross but it was perfect.  Service was good at times but when it came time to pay we could not find our waitress and waited quite some time to take care of the check.Pluses- BYOB / huge portions
<review# 138,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/13/2014,7/11/2014,1229,111,16,15,13>"Lucy, you got some splainin' to do!" (Ricky Ricardo voice). Why is your food is so delicious and easily accessible to me when I am trying to be good?I have heard of and drove past this place so many times and finally decided to stop by on a whim. Everything looks fresh and homemade, I was tempted to get a little of everything. They have a variety of prepared and frozen food, fresh squeezed organic juices, coffee, muffins, and various grocery items. The star of the show is of course the ravioli, which I have yet to try. Blasphemy, I know! They are a bit pricy but I am okay with paying a little extra for good (make that great) quality.For now I may have to stay away but I will definitely be stopping in when I start eating carbs again. (Summer is coming and I am cutting weight so I had to pinch myself to get away from the fresh pasta). Till we meet again, Miss Lucy.
<review# 139,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/15/2014,7/10/2014,19,132,9,11,10>This is a tiny little corner shop offering huge portions of tasty, Brazilian inspired barbecue. The room is bright, with pillows and a few small tables, but my experience was with takeout.I picked up an order of their BBQ chicken with a side of veggies and rice & beans. My styrofoam box was packed to the brim and a small cardboard cup was stacked on top to hold the soupy beans.The chicken was just what you would expect from a a Churrascaria: well-seasoned, juicy, and with perfectly crisp skin. The veggies (a mix of mushrooms, onions, and peppers) were satusfying, and the hearty rice and beans (tender, yet under-seasoned yellow rice matched with subtly smoky, boldly flavoured black beans) were immensely satisfying.Given that Golden Grille is about a two minute walk from me, I reckon I'll be making a return trip.
<review# 140,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/15/2014,7/9/2014,476,477,19,17,16>There are dive bars that are true dive bars. You know the type: seedy joints, where knife fights seem perpetually eminent, where the bathrooms don't work and always have an inch or two of black water to wade through, where the smell of funk hangs high in the air, and where anything you touch, you touch at your own risk. (Pretty much my favorite places to hang out in.)Then there are dive bars that have the facade of being really scary places, but are actually harmless and decidedly un-scary. They attract people because they deliver the dive bar experience without actually putting anyone in danger of contamination sickness or death by lead pipe. The Golden Cicada falls into the latter, and it's no surprise it's a Yelp favorite.Now, truth be told, I wasn't sure which of the two dive bar categories Golden Cicada would fall into when I tried it for the first time last year, having never read a review or even heard its name. It was a rainy Wednesday night in Fall 2013. The rain had surprised us, and we found ourselves being poured on, sans umbrellas, after finishing dinner at a nearby taco shack. We had walked past the Golden Cicada earlier, with the girls in our group throwing down the gauntlet to state, "under no circumstances will we be going in there."Oh, but they would.The Golden Cicada is pretty much a freestanding, scary-looking, and mostly windowless structure. There is one door serving as an entrance, and another door on the side that is completely barricaded and impenetrable. The one and only tiny window that does exist has a barely-working "Golden Cicada" neon sign jammed in it. I made a prediction before we went in, stating that it would be one of three types of dives:1.  A gay bar2.  A gogo bar3.  A gay gogo barThis didn't make anyone in my entourage feel any better about entering the joint, but it was pouring, and we were getting wet. Very wet. Needless to say, I was adamant that we were going in, and that no matter what we encountered, we were having at least one round of drinks.Good thing I'm not in the business of predictions because I was wrong. The Golden Cicada is your standard issue dive bar, though I would say it has more character than most dive bars I've been to. The rain from outside dripped through little cracks around the edges of the ceiling. The TV played black and white videos of the Rat Pack singing live on stage. The toilet's guts were hanging out from the back of the bowl. In order to flush, you needed to use the bartender's screwdriver to disengage the chain holding the plug. Toward the back of room, a small set of steps led up to a scarily-lit room that was functioning as an office of some type. And of course, characters abounded.For the first 15-20 minutes we felt as though we were starring in the latest installment of "Hostel" or "The Evil Dead," acting out the early scenes where 5 or 6 boys and girls take refuge from the rain at some nondescript shack in the woods before being carved up like a turkey. When the bartender (and owner, I presume) called us over to the bar holding a bottle of clear liquid, with a few Chinese letters serving as its only markings, I assumed the torture and killing would soon commence. He then stated:"Drink Chinese Firewater: get Golden Cicada," and proceeded to pour a row of shots of this mysterious clear liquid.Again, the women in tow were like, "no f*cking way," and again their pleas would go ignored. Long story short, we closed our eyes, did the shot, and ended up living to tell about it. More importantly, we were each gifted with a golden cicada necklace, courtesy of the nice old man. We felt as if we had been inducted into some elite, secret club. We felt as if, in that moment, we had suddenly become regulars.Such a good time was had that night that we came back this week. By now, I had read all the Yelp reviews, realizing what so many others have -- that the Golden Cicada is a treasured gem of a community in the full thrust of gentrification. And sure enough, we enjoyed more of the Chinese firewater and brought home more golden cicadas. This time we brought some virgins with us, and like those we had brought previously, offered them up to the golden cicada gods; a favor of which I am still being thanked for today.So here's to dive bars, scary and not-so-scary, and the interesting characters who love them. Here's to the Golden Cicada and the hope that it remains the one unchanging element of an area where change is the only reliable constant.
<review# 141,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/9/2014,7/8/2014,474,598,4,14,9>This is a lovely, old-school kind of Italian restaurant with really good food. It appears fancier then we expected (valet parking, waiters in suits, coat check....), but my bf was not out of place in nice jeans. We were really pleased with the food and service. This is a good place for a date night.Appetizer: coconut shrimp. They were gorgeous, huge shrimp, but there were only 3 for the price. They were quite good though, and served with a nice salad and an apricot horseradish dipping sauce (more apricot than horseradish). Entrees: pappardelle bolognese (recommended by our waiter) and gnocchi with beef bresciole. I won the best entree of the evening this time! The pappardelle was a great dish with pasta that tasted homemade, although since the menu didn't state homemade, I'm sure it was purchased. The bolognese was really tasty with some marscapone mixed in, and the dish was large. Worth the $18 price tag. He was pleased with the gnocchi dish, but not overjoyed.We passed on dessert, but the menu was tempting! We'd happily go back.Note: free soda refills, big screen TVs at the bar if you're a sports fan. There was no live entertainment the Saturday night we were there, but I'm not sure if it showed up later (we're early kind of people).
<review# 142,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/25/2014,7/7/2014,266,305,11,14,13>I want my review to have a lasting impact:THURSDAY ALL YOU CAN EAT PASTA OF YOUR CHOICE WITH A GLASS OF WINE (RED OR WHITE) FOR $7.95I could just stop there and finish my review but this place deserves more. First off I am definitely coming back for not just the unlimited pasta but for the other items they have on the menu. I also was very hungry that day and got meatballs on the side and my girlfriend got sausage on the side. Both were very delicious and tender. It's up there on my list with the meatballs and sausages I've tried. What really made the pasta really delicious was the sauce. They do have a vegetarian option but I got the meat sauce which had great depth of flavor of tomato, herbs, and seasonings. I barely needed any salt and pepper. I personally had 3 plates of pasta and each time was a different type of pasta noodle.  Not saying they skimp on the food because it was the total opposite of that. I just wanted to see how far my body would be able to take. Oh and they also give fresh toasted bread with butter prior to the meal to let you know your going to eat carbs anyway might as well start off the meal with carbs. I'm Tarantinoing my review but after the pasta we (I don't know how I had room) ordered mini cannoli's which came in 3 pieces. The filling was perfect and it was drizzled with chocolate syrup. The Barge Inn has character that you rarely see anymore especially with all the other restaurants popping up in DTJC. I hope it stays the same and does not go out of business. According to our waitress the've been in It's been in business in the same location for over 20 years.
<review# 143,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/28/2014,7/6/2014,1252,1131,7,9,9>Friday's during Lent are a drag...sorry God. BUT when you have a place like Avenue Bistro Pub, it makes it more palatable. We made reservations even though the place wasn't too busy for a 7:30 sit down (4 people). The bar area isn't very big (although there were a couple of tall tables surrounding it) but the restaurant as a whole has a good amount of seating. We were eagerly greeted by our hostess who whisked us away to our table where we were met by our waitress who took our drink orders. She gave us enough time to review the menu and chat. We all agreed on 2 apps: Firecracker Calamari & Spinach/Artichoke dip. The calamari wasn't overly breaded and was cooked with hot cherry peppers, olives, capers, scallions, garlic and balsamic. A great supporting cast to great calamari. The S/A dip was a special which was pretty darn good (word to wise, keep the bread they bring for the dip...somehow it went better than the chips they brought). For entrees we had 1 sinner who ordered chicken and the rest of us stuck with fish/seafood. The Mrs and I stuck with the scallops which were quite tasty and devoured pretty quickly. For dessert we all split (minus me because of Lent...damn you!) the chocolate/PB silk cake (I think that's what it was called). Based on what was left (Nothing) I assume it was awesome. The service throughout the entire meal was attentive. The meals were all given thumbs up. Prices are modest for a quasi upscale bistro/pub. ENJOY!
<review# 144,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/25/2014,7/5/2014,260,451,4,13,7>Well, scratch this one off my to do list.  This turned out to be one of the most enjoyable meals I've had in a long time!!  Let me start off by saying this place is BEAUTIFUL!!! They really did a top notch job when they came up with the design for Char.  If you like fire, it is all over the place at Char!!!  Much bigger than you would expect too!!  Let me say that our waiter, whatever his name was, was excellent. Obviously, they took the time to teach the servers how to do things correctly.  Made great recommendations and  kept in contact with us without being intrusive. They bring over a huge basket of assorted breads to choose from. My wife and I both had a piece of foccacia.  I didn't want to waste any room on bread!! For an appetizer we had the Kobe meatball !!  A perfectly done meatball in what turned out to be a surprisingly good sauce, topped with fresh ricotta.  Big enough for 2 to share!!  Being a steak guy, I had to go with my fave, the filet mignon. My 8oz steak was cooked perfectly and tasted amazing!!   Came with a piece of roasted garlic which happened to really be good. My wife went for one of the specials. Giant prawns stuffed with crab meat and topped with a lobster cream sauce.  Simply insane!!!!!!  I wiped out my steak and immediately helped her wipe out the prawns!!!  Char, if you're reading this, get these on the menu to stay!!!!!!!  The sides which we really didn't need at this point were creamed spinach and potatoes gratin.  Both good, but couldn't keep up with the incredible main courses!!  At this point, we were both too stuffed for dessert so that will have to wait till next time and there will be a next time I assure you!!!!          Char isn't cheap by a long shot, but then again, most quality steak houses aren't. If I can leave my table at the end of the night moaning with pleasure, then I really don't care what it cost!!  Well done Char!!!!!  (or should I say medium rare) !
<review# 145,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/22/2014,7/4/2014,58,54,3,11,7>This place is the most perfect, AUTHENTIC Mexican restaurant in the area. Maria's is a mom and pop restaurant that you have to try just for the food. It is rather small but the ambience adds to the authenticity. My boyfriend loves Mexican food and he fell in love with this place. We had the live guacamole which was absolutely delicious. They also brought out chips with verde and rojo sauce and you can truly tell these sauces are homemade. The rojo sauce was by far our favorite and just so different. My boyfriend had the shrimp quesadilla which came with a mini salad on the plate and the shrimp was big and delicious. I ordered what was suggested, the dish from their part of Mexico which was called the Mole Oaxaqueño. It came with rice and black beans and the chicken was in a rich spicy semi chocolatey sauce. Truly unlike anything I have ever tasted before. The one cook kept coming out to assist the waiter (he wore all black) and was extremely genuine and nice!!  I have to give him a two thumbs up. On another note, I have got to say I was kinda entertained  the entire time and couldn't help myself from observing the entire mini-restaurant. I think it was the owners 5 year old daughter, she was entertaining this one table by playing with their little kid, it was pretty funny to watch. Their food has no preservatives and they use local foods to cook their meals which is always a big plus! So don't judge the book by it's cover and give this place a shot!
<review# 146,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/17/2014,7/3/2014,209,524,5,9,6>The 30 taps at the emergency backup bar put any other New Jersey bar to shame!  And then there's the daunting array of 60 taps at the main bar, so you can barely scratch the surface of this bounty on a first visit.  I understand the facts, I fail to see the problem :)So, can the Shepherd and the Knucklehead be the best craft-beer bar in New Jersey?  A neighborhood place tucked away in Haledon miles north of I-80?  On a dark corner with no parking lot?  (Seriously it's easy to blow right past the place.)  And the $64,000 question: can they really sell enough beer to keep 90 tap lines clean, cold and fresh?Well it has my vote, they're doing something right and have been for 15-odd years.  I'm a new fan, and not just cos they had my all-time draft favorite (Flying Dog raging bitch IPA) ready to go.  I got drawn here by a Smuttynose special event (shout-out & thanks to Thomas W. for clueing me in) so I tried the Finestkind IPA, great and the free matching glass to take home was a nice touch.Beer prices are very reasonable at $5-8.  Memo to self: order flights of four 3oz pours for $8 or maybe half-pints next time. Bartenders were friendly & quick but kinda neglected to mention these options until we were leaving.  But gastropub?  No.  This is bar food, not foodie food, it's not even close.   The mac-n-cheese has no lobster, there's no duck-fat fries, the pretzel comes with mustard not some gourmet cheese concoction, etc.  You might try the poutine, which I learned in Canada as a lovely confection of fries, cheese curds and gravy.  At the Shep it's been "reinterpreted" as fries, cheese and shredded BBQ pork.  Tasty?  Oh yes, but it ain't gastro-pubby and frankly it ain't poutine neither.Vegetarian rating: 2 stars for about 3 options, they're doing more than the bare minimum so your veggie friends will not suffer hunger while they're trying the fine beer.One downer: crazy noisy in the main bar, music & happy people made conversation nigh impossible.Already planning the next visit.  Wish I lived closer!
<review# 147,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/16/2014,7/2/2014,313,354,21,27,27>I have a couple of friends with summer homes here. Hooray! I usually hang out at Bradley Beach, better surf break. But Asbury has come a LONG way thanks to the LBGTQ community that has helped to gentrify the area. It is almost like DC's renaissance. There are so many great bars and restaurants now that just weren't here 5 or 10 years ago. If you visit you have to check out the Stone Pony because hello, this is New Jersey, land of Springsteen and JBJ. You also should make a trip at Halloween for their Zombie Parade. That's a great time. There's a little shop that does seances and ghost tours during the summer of the board walk. The ghost tour is a historical walking tour of the board walk and old casino and hotel. It's really informational. I suggest you give it a shot if history and paranormal things are of interest to you. There are fewer kids here than Ocean Grove and Avon. But surf break is kind of meh. Go to Bradley Beach if you would like to surf. You can actually park for free if you're willing to hike to the beach, but there is plenty of metered spots close to the board walk. They do ticket here so be mindful of that. I like Asbury. It's one of my go to beaches on the northern shore points. Summer, I am waiting for you!!!
<review# 148,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/19/2014,7/1/2014,156,461,4,14,9>As good as it gets plus extra stars! Being a big cheesesteak connoisseur, I stumbled upon Garden Steak one day via the Internet, and although I wasn't 100% sure where Spring Street was, from that point forward, I made it my goal to do so. Even my girlfriend who is not so much a cheesesteak person, really wanted to come here when I showed her the website. So we did just that, one rainy Saturday. Due to the weather, we were able to secure a spot nearby, but I can imagine this has got to be tough on a nice day, but then again anyone who's been to New Brunswick knows that this is nothing new. After immediately walking through the entrance, we were warmly greeted by the owner, who proceeded to be very patient with us as we had a hard time making a selection as every sandwich sounded incredible. Finally I settled on The Boss, mushrooms, onions, cheddar, bacon, and brown gravy. My girlfriend ordered The Jersey Shore, white American, avocado, lettuce, tomato, onions, and chipotle mayo. We rounded out our order with a side of fries and were given a complimentary beverage. We sat upstairs and admired the pictures of New Jersey idols on the wall. Our food arrived piping hot just a few minutes later. I was also happy to see that they serve up the Boardwalk style fries! For the next 15-20 minutes everything was a blur, as I enjoyed this sandwich so much, like an amazing dream, I only remember bits and pieces of my consumption of it. My girlfriend agreed and we both decided that we would have to take our families here as they too appreciate a good cheesesteak. They recently just started delivering to New Brunswick and Highland Park. Be sure to pay them a visit as they are a small business that serves up delicious food, appreciates your business, and deserve every penny they earn!
<review# 149,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/25/2014,6/30/2014,214,182,5,9,7>Prep the arms for a night of uplifting excitement!First timers fear not, the well trained staff at Gravity Vault will teach you how to tie your ropes properly and on your own within a brief 30 minute session, then you're free to climb to your hearts content. Gravity Vault offers about 50 different wall areas to climb, for beginners up to more advance levels. Don't get discourage by the walls either because there was a young child, no more than 7 years of age that was scaling the walls like a pro. Great idea for a unique date place that will cost you less than $20 per person and if you go on Monday they have a buy 1 get 1 free deal! Plus studies show that people are more likely to fall for those around them in life & death situations ;)Went there with a Yelp group, class was hosted by a young gentleman, Aris, who knew his material without getting caught up in the jargon of climbing. They're open til 10pm on weekdays, not as late on weekends though. Beginners will probably only want to spend 1.5 to 2.5 hours there, before your arms or hands begin to get sore from lifting yourself, but it's a great way to challenge yourself or your friends in some exciting competition. After 3 training classes there too, you'll be able to come and go as you please and there are a variety of monthly and year deals that can be used at both their locations.
<review# 150,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/22/2014,6/29/2014,175,193,1,14,6>So I found myself in Cranford this week, and walked upon this spot.  Yes, there are a million and one Portuguese BBQ spots in the Ironbound in Newark, but I am very glad I gave Cranford BBQ a try!  Conveniently located in the middle of town, this restaurant adds a nice touch to all the other choices in town. Cranford BBQ offers your typical Portuguese dishes such as costela (ribs), febras (pork steak), picadinho (pork cubes), bitoque (steak), and bacalhau (cod fsh).As soon as we walked in, we were immediately greeted.  The staff was super friendly and welcoming.  The restaurant has a nice rustic vibe, with cute wooden tables, steel chairs, and hanging tin lights, which really gave it a cozy atmosphere with a modern twist.  Good enough for a casual dinner, but also cute enough for you to go on a cozy date.They brought out Portuguese bread (only the best bread ever!) and butter to the table.  The bread was super flaky and delicious.  For appetizers, we decided to share the Chourico (Portuguese Sausage). The sausage was served in a typical Portuguese clay tray and was cooked perfectly.  Within minutes of getting our appetizer, we were served the main entrée: a whole chicken with two sides (rice and fries) for $13. (Yes that's correct: $13!).  You can also choose from other sides such as beans, carrots and cabbage, or salad.  Portion size was huge! The chicken, rice, and fries were more than enough for three adults to feast on.  The chicken was perfectly cooked, juicy, and flavorful! What I really liked about the chicken was the crispy skin.  Most Portuguese restaurants I've been to don't serve chicken with crispy skin, but it kind of reminded me of the crispy skin on the traditional Portuguese roast suckling pig.  The french fries were hand cut and hot out of the fryer and the rice was perfectly seasoned.  By the time were done, there was still a ton of food leftover.  What I really liked about the food is that it wasn't greasy and I didn't feel heavy and lethargic.  They also have typical Portuguese desserts such as flan, serradura, and pasteis de nata, which I didn't get to try.  Our bill came out to be $30 between 3 people. Do the math: that's $10 a person for a whole lot of awesome food!  Not only is the food extremely cheap, but it's delicious too!I would not hesitate to come back here again anytime soon! Definitely a must try in Cranford!
<review# 151,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/31/2014,6/28/2014,1550,324,6,22,9>We began with the Siciliana salad.  It consisted of mesculun, fennel, orange wedges, olives, and red onion.  The menu mentioned pignoli too but in hindsight there was no pignoli.  It was slightly under dressed.  Next up was the burrata.  The menu stated it comes with arugula, cherry tomato, olives, extra virgin olive oil and balsamic.  Surprisingly, ours arrived with a large amount of prosciutto as well.  The dish was excellent.Our third dish was the cheese plate.  The three cheeses this night were ricotta with balsamic, Pecorino Romano , and what the waitress just called Toscano.  We had to ask twice to find out what cheeses were presented.  The menu states it comes with honey, house crostini and carmelized onion marmalade.  We got honey and a few slices of focaccia.  There was no marmalade.The fourth savory dish was pizza!  We ordered the Regina Margherita.  The menu describes it as San Marzano tomatoes, mozzarella di bufala. fresh basil and extra virgin olive oil.  It came exactly as described!  The crust was quite light and airy.  Our waitress tempted us with dessert.  We went with the strawberry shortcake in a small Italian glass jar.  Order it!We'll be back despite some early glitches!
<review# 152,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/21/2014,6/27/2014,178,400,6,10,10>Kinda delightfully taken by surprise by this 1950's burger joint. Rarely do I bone for a burger, but after noticing several trusted Yelpers high marks I had no choice but to pop in for a quickie.  Yelpers got it right.Big white awnings grace the entire front of the small almost trailerish building. Step through the doors and your zapped  back to 1955.  Hey is that "The Fonz" ? Lol. Cramped diner space immediately embraces your inner kid with a cool retro feel. Grounded stools sit along the counter with a large wall menu over the grill while cooks sport those paper chef hats. The outer walls laced with more counter space. They can probably cram about 15 peeps shoulder to shoulder.  Now the star of the show is the burgers. I see a nice variety of all your standard options from a Burger joint including chicken sammichs & cheese steaks. All less than $8. Now they fry diced onions in the burger, kinda like white castle but bigger & better. Perfectly moist & oh so satisfying. If that weren't great enough, here comes the kicker. Lunch specials are $5.75 baby!  Includes cheeseburger with small fries which is more like large fries and a can of soda. Papa is home kids.4 stars maybe generous and I think the feel & price out weigh the quality. Now if they only had beer I'd easily become their next duke.
<review# 153,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/22/2014,6/26/2014,440,673,8,19,10>4.5Oh, can this be true? Tell me, can this be real? How do I put into words how...----All singing jokes aside, can i just say: FINALLY! An authentic Asian restaurant in Montclair! Time and time again I've said that Montclair has been long plagued with the ubiquitous. And as a resident, can I just say, we don't need another coffee shop, another Italian restaurant, another Americanized Asian restaurant, another fancy shmancy chain restaurant! Montclair will thrive and grow simply on its own with independent mom-and-pop shops and determined business owners. Montclair needs hip, needs fresh, needs current, needs cheap eats, needs value, needs DIVERSITY and Ani Ramen I think just added that to the Bloomfield Avenue.I did my research on Ani Ramen last night and all the structural elements of a potentially solid restaurant were all there before my visit:- Branding and website- a small but specialized menu- a receptive contact phone numberHaving visited? Thank goodness it delivered all the way through! Now down to business: THE FOOD. Let's just say this: it's comparable to all your noteworthy Ramen establishments in NYC. Essex county folks, fear not because you no longer have to trek to the city, or Bergen county, or Middlesex county; Real Ramen is here on Bloomfield Avenue. Pork Buns, check. Extra noodles, (Dae-Kama), check. Add-ons (#eggporn), check. Solid tasty broth, check. Specialty drinks, check.Chicken broth was a base to most of their ramen bowls, but let's be honest, pork broth is where it's at! The #6 ANI RAMEN had ample chashu and al dente noodles all in rich pork broth. The pork buns were a little richer than what I'm used to, but nonetheless, very tasty and full of contrast. Soft, crunchy, sweet, hot, sour, salty. For dessert (like I needed anymore food in me) was great too! Their tofu pannacotta is your right amount of sweetness, and for $4 bucks? You can't be mad at that.Service was excellent (napkins were constantly distributed, waters were refilled without begging). Value was perfect, and ambiance was impressive. (I almost forgot I was in Montclair for a second).Extra points to them for:- Wooden chopsticks (Noodles and plastic chopsticks are the worst!)- Ani Ramen Loyalty Card - buy 9 bowls, get your 10th one free!!! - Seek Peak discount : -20% your bill ( I suspect this won't last for long)- Playing James Taylor and the Officially Missing You Talib/Tamia Remix all in the same playlistI leave the 0.5 star for headway in my upcoming visits.
<review# 154,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/24/2014,6/25/2014,139,1138,9,13,9>Dear Sal's, The gent that delivered our food on Sunday 3/23 around 2pm, he's a for sure keeper on your team. Great, friendly service and even with a non working doorbell and an unmarked apartment door, he found me and delivered with a smile. Our pizza arrived in a little over 30min. Hot, and delicious. And a nod worthy mention that we ate it throughout the night at room temp and it was still tasty as can be. We also ordered a meatball sub and it was smokin' and the meatballs on the sub were huge! Price point was on par with other Sal's type jawns in the area. Will totally be ordering from here again.
<review# 155,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/14/2014,6/24/2014,372,267,11,14,12>Have you ever wanted to enjoy a tasty meal while sitting on the side of route 46 during a romantic evening? Well, you have your chance at King Falafel. You and your date can sit outside and gaze off into the sunset of where route 80&46 meet, along with the buzzing noises of cars and trucks zooming past you.Positives:CheapTastyGood falafelGood spicy sauce/dip for your sandwhichesSpinach & Cheese pies are goodFalafel Sandwhich $4.99 totally worth itChicken&beef (king burger) cooked well.Negatives:smallyogurt sauce sucksmessy sandwhichessoggy friesnot that romantic, i was kidding*delivery of 15$min and within 3 miles.
<review# 156,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/22/2013,6/22/2014,137,143,4,7,6>Masa grill is one of those Japanese restuarants that is spot on in every department.From expert knife skills from Japanese trained sushi chefs, to fish that is freshly flown in multiple days a week, to just about every appetizer being made in house from scratch.You will be hard pressed to find another sushi restuarant in north NJ that serves fresher higher quality fish. From the superb salmon to easily the best yellowtail in NJ to the always melt in your mouth toro the fish is on the same level as the top dogs of NYC.Ask me my favorite roll? I will tell you hands down the negitoro roll. Fresh chopped Toro with scallions wrapped in expertly cooked and vinegared rice wrapped in top notch seaweed. Its the stuff what sushi dreams are made of.The beef dumplings are some of the best dumplings you will ever try. Also homemade in house. The beef has a great consistency with some veggies to add texture. Never overcooked and sometimes still a little pink. The dumpling dough are light and chewy but remain very delicate.The shrimp tempura is outstanding. Light, crunchy outside enveloping succulent shrimp.Popcorn shrimp are simply amazing. They are panko coated juicy small shrimp with a side of spicy mayo to dip.The oysters are easily the best I have had. I enjoyed them tremendously. Esp with the light soy and wasabi to enjoy them with. I Prefered this over the American style.The food isn't cheap but for the quality esp when comparing it to NYC I think its fairly priced.Sushi lovers rejoice and go take a trip to masa. You will thank me later
<review# 157,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/10/2014,6/21/2014,100,227,8,10,9>Here's my personal "test" of a good Mexican restaurant -- the food allows you to taste the harmony of individual flavors all blended together, so that it doesn't just taste like mush squeezed out of a tube. I've been to all too many Mexican restaurants in that latter category. Tortuga's Mexican Village is NOT one of those.The restaurant itself is located on a "back street" in Princeton, which means you avoid the congestion of the central downtown area. The interior decor is much nicer, cleaner and tasteful than most Mexican restaurants. You certainly wouldn't feel bad taking someone here for a date or a business lunch.Most of the food I've had here is really good, but I especially like the rice and the chicken enchiladas. I go out to the Southwest quite often, and I think this place has better quality food, sauces & guac than most of the places I've been to in SoCal, Utah, AZ & Nevada.Thus, I would highly recommend Tortuga's Mexican Village, if you like quality Mexican food, served promptly with a smile. It's BYOB and cash-only, so just be aware of that when you go.
<review# 158,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/3/2014,6/20/2014,194,183,8,24,19>It was Coffee 101 when I walked into this spot and I loved every minute of it! The cafe was decorated with British pride and pictures of what I assumed were the Black Keys but then I realized it was the owners Travas & Justin. They are phenomenal guys and so passionate about their coffee. I had a long discussion regarding watered-down iced coffee and he explained to me that this would not happen with their coffee. I didn't even add soy milk or sugar-it was that perfect. Makes you appreciate the taste of fresh coffee! If you aren't sure what to get- make sure to ask because they are more than willing to help.This Saturday(not sure if it's every Sat)  they are having an event- 8 a.m-2 p.m. A DJ/Food truck comes by as people enjoy great coffee and mingle with other people who love the same. I can't wait until the cart comes back to Hoboken when the weather gets nicer so I can grab it on my way to the terminal!
<review# 159,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/30/2014,6/19/2014,1721,627,16,24,17>Stopped by here after work one day. The place looks great.  Very clean,  there were probably around 4 large tables with six to eight people per table.  I ordered the barndoore burger and their panko chicken fingers w bbq sauce. While waiting, I picked up their cronut boston creme for 3.50 is a bit much but was worth it ;) quality ingredients. The burger was juicy and tasty while the panko breaded chicken fingers was in point.  Oh yeah the burger is so big it was in a rotisserie container ;)Delivery service is also very quick and got my food while it was still hot. You gotta try the mac n cheese here, it was very good. Can't wait to order from here again.Ok, recently had the clam chowder. . Now I understand why it is award winning! One of the best chowder I had.  The cheese steak is better than any Philly ones and the French burger was decent... Not the best one I had but it was still good. You guys did it again. Thanks!
<review# 160,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/5/2014,6/18/2014,38,66,4,8,5>Anthony David's, you do brunch RIGHT. Their menu has a ton of options but not an overwhelming amount. They have a good balance of egg dishes (including a great selection of egg benedicts), salads and sandwiches. I had their lobster roll benedict this past weekend and the lobster was quite tasty and plentiful. The eggs were a little undercooked for my liking but the dish was still great. I split a side of fries with my friend and they did not disappoint. And the fries come with a sauce if your choice. (Who doesn't love magical sauce for your dipping pleasure?!) I typically don't like bleu or gorgonzola cheese but their gorgonzola sauce is addictive! Their chipotle sauce was yummy too. The french toast is a good choice as well. While waiting for our table, we were salivating at the baked goods on display at the counter. I'm generally more of a savory rather than sweet person so I typically don't have room for it but next time I'm gonna have to get a pastry to go. They recently renovated/expanded the place which is fantastic bc it is a brunch hot spot and the more seating the better! They always a lot of staff on hand and everyone is cheerful so I've had many a pleasant experience here.  I've been here several times for brunch and they never disappoint. I can't believe I haven't had dinner here and I must correct that ASAP!
<review# 161,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/2/2014,6/17/2014,86,264,4,10,4>I was reminded, by a yelper that i hadn't updated  my first review on this gym! My first review was done during their first week of being open, when the staff was still very frazzled. Since then, things have been ironed out and all the classes have obviously started. They have so many classes and they're all really good!  The spin bikes r amazing....they dont hurt like other bikes might. I do enjoy the "my ride" , it gives you something to focus on while spinning. Some other classes I've taken are boxing, b.y.o.b., an ab class, and body pump. They've all been a really intense work out. Just as a note, be on time to the classes bc they lock the doors and you can't get in.  As I stated before, the gym is just immaculate. Excellent machines, an excellent space.  Love using the 2nd floor area with my boyfriend and our very good friend. The two of them will plan circuits and we use all of that space and toys for it.  Its wonderful. I also had my 2nd training session, the trainer (mike i think -same guy I met with first time) gave a really good workout. My boyfriend got one slightly similar, so we tend to combine both and do like a hybrid of it. I'm glad that we scheduled this separately. We also FINALLY had our nursing assessment -took forever bc every time we had it scheduled there was a snowstorm! This past Thursday we had it, its very thorough and is useful to keep track of your progress. Especially if you're someone like me who gets frustrated easily if the scale doesn't move as quickly as you would like. Sal's good eats also opened, although I'm not sure what their hours are ....I'm sure it'll be posted after this weekend  which is their grand opening weekend. one more thing I want to add is that all of their staff seems to be really well trained in emergency situations. They're very quick to be right next to someone who needs medical assistance and communicate well. Really happy with this facility - def. A place to check out if you're looking for a new gym.
<review# 162,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/14/2014,6/16/2014,354,404,4,12,7>First off this place is SUPER clean. Everything is neatly placed around the shop. They sell a lot of fun Italian specialty items and now that it's nearing Easter it's extra fun with big foiled chocolate eggs hanging around. The line can get long at lunch time, which sucks, but I find it worth the wait. The staff is friendly, young and even attractive.You can order a salad and toss it with whatever you want from the display case. I had an amazing combination of grilled chicken, sauteed long hot peppers, roasted red peppers and this  tomato/bean/avocado salad blend. I only added a tiny amount of balsamic. The salads are SUPER fresh. I also tasted the beet and goat cheese salad...delicious! I'm falling in love with this place. I have to try their sandwiches one day soon.
<review# 163,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/12/2014,6/15/2014,182,493,4,5,3>I've just started working in a near-by area and I've been looking for a place to grab a slice on a late-night. My co-worker told me about a few places and I decided to give Forte the first chance based upon it's Yelp review. I wasn't disappointed.Stopped in on a Friday night around 9:30 and it was very busy on the casual side, but the employees were extremely helpful and quick with my order. I picked up a Sicilian slice and a Chicken/Bacon/Ranch slice. Both were tasty. The Sicilian was very buttery around the edges and had a great amount of doughiness. The Chicken/Bacon/Ranch was something I've never had and it was REALLY good. I would have liked a little more ranch, but that's just me. It was perfect the way it was.My only beef was the price was a little much, but then again, they were some premium, delicious slices.*Recently at work, someone picked up some plain pies from Forte's and they were very, very tasty. Another home-run. This has become my local pizza slice spot at work.
<review# 164,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/25/2014,6/14/2014,23,76,6,9,7>Let me begin this review by saying that I'm giving the PATH five stars for it's convenience, 24 hour service, cleanliness and history. Beginning as the Hudson and Manhattan railroad over 100 years ago, these tunnels are OLD. Keeping that in mind, it's not shocking that stuff goes wrong. Along those lines, remembering that this is public transit run by a bi-state agency it's shocking the trains run at all. At the Hoboken station if you look at the pillars, there's a painted H, which obviously stands for Hoboken. At Newport however there's an E. Why? Well when it was the Hudson and Manhattan, it was known as Erie. Random but slightly cool fact. In theory, the trains are 24 hours. I say in theory because there are almost daily delays that impede your ride or station closures for one reason or another. This past winter, the World Trade Center station was closed at various points due to "falling ice". I REALLY hope the ice wasn't falling 104 stories, just saying. Furthermore, the trains always stop in the tunnels for one reason or another, sometimes for 30 seconds...sometimes for a few minutes. That being said, the trains do run between Newark Penn Station, various points in Jersey City and the World Trade Center on one line. A second weekday line runs from Hoboken to the WTC, a third from Hoboken to 33rd st and 6th ave in Manhattan (various stops along 6th ave and a great stop at Christopher St when I want to buy vinyl), and a forth between 33rd and Journal Square in Jersey City. On the weekends there's no Hoboken to WTC line, rather a 33rd to Journal Square line via Hoboken. It's pretty clean, as no drinking or eating is allowed on board. This is rarely enforced in my experience as the only way to be caught is to drink directly in front of a PATH employee. That being said, don't be a jerk. The coffee can wait a few minutes. All announcements are automated, which is great. The current stop is announced, as well as where the train is going and the next stop. An example is "This stop is Newport. This is the train to World Trade Center. The next stop is Exchange Place". Sometimes this doesn't work though and there's manual announcements and the speakers are very clear. The conductors have a sense of humor as well. I remember being at Exchange once on the WTC train and hearing "World Trade Center, World Trade. Don't get on this train unless you want to end up at the World Trade Center." Once it began moving he went "To anyone who got on this by accident, well you're heading to the World Trade Center, World Trade next and last stop"If you read through this entire review, I award you no points, and may God have mercy on your soul.
<review# 165,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/28/2014,6/13/2014,141,290,1,8,5>Oh, I love Dough! I first went here for a girls night and had a delicious experience and each one since has been equally as good. The ambiance is cozy and inviting with brick exposures and warm lighting; perfect for a date or night out with friends. The food is so fresh and incredibly tasting! The brick oven pizzas are all made with fresh, tasty ingredients. I'm a huge fan of the sausage and the mushroom pies. And the mac and cheese - OMG, out of this world. Some of the best I've ever had. The salads and ricotta appetizer are not to be missed. The service is really friendly and it's family friendly while still catering to non-families. BYOB - so remember your drinks! Only drawback is they are only open till 9pm during the week and 10pm on weekends. They're too good to close that early!
<review# 166,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/23/2014,6/12/2014,135,104,7,12,8>TTTTT THAIIIIII, I love you! Seriously, this place is under rated. I've come to the point where I'm here at least once a week or every other week. Why you ask?! Well let's start with this, their food is great! I always get the tom yum soup, its a spicy, lemongrass shrimp and mushroom soup. About two pieces of shrimp and if your feeling a little under the weather this will give you that boost you need. I then get the chili basil chicken. Holy smokes, this entree is mouthwatering. A little spicy but full of amazing flavor. I don't like their noodle dishes here sadly, but the entrees makes up for it and some. Also, their strawberry and sticky rice dessert is so good. It's light, satisfying, and delicious. The thing that makes T Thai even better is that they are consistent!! Their spice level is the same, your entree will taste the same and the service is great (a little slow but who cares, enjoy life a little).
<review# 167,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/9/2014,6/11/2014,2847,322,17,30,24>This is one of my favorite local restaurants. I have been here many times mostly for dinner. Valet parking here is the norm as it has been the case for the past many years. As you walk up the steps in the cooler months as was the case tonight the rear outdoor deck's natural gas fire pit was ragging. The local owner Russell Stern usually greets his guests as was the case tonight. Our party of 3 was seated in the perimeter corner table overlooking the main restaurant. We started with 2 grey gooses for $12 each and my usual margarita on the rocks for only $9. I am a cheap date.We ordered a bottle of #185 Four Graces pinot grigio for $39. I also ordered a Guinness for $7. Two of my family members ordered the $32 prixe fixe dinners. I ordered the special paella for $34. The total bill less gratuity was $189.39 for the 3 of us. My two family members were pleased with their $32 prixe fixe dinners. I thought my $34 special seafood paella was rather dry because it lacked any extra liquid. Needless to say I could not finish my paella. I have had better paella, but, my other two family members were happy so we will return for the next round.Most of the other dishes I have had here are better including the special lobster.
<review# 168,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/29/2014,6/10/2014,475,804,8,13,10>Stopped in here for a quick bite before catching a show at NJPAC.  On a week night the place was packed at around 7 PM.  The bartender was super nice and attentive and made some good shot recommendations.  For food I had the Shrimp Po'boy which surprised me.  Being in a pub, I expected the shrimp to be heavily fried, but instead they were grilled with a Cajun spice dry rub.  All the other components of the sandwich were good and the bread was perfect; the only improvement I could think of would be to have a little bit more remoulade sauce on the sandwich.  I would definitely recommend hitting up Kilkenny's if you're in the area, great friendly atmosphere*, solid food, good prices...... what's not to like?*Interesting side note: aside from the bartender I was one of 3 women in the joint and the place was packed.
<review# 169,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/21/2013,6/9/2014,543,83,4,8,6>I just ordered from Marks OLLY and I'm so glad that I did. I was fiending Indian take out and did a bit of Yelp research, which led me here. It's pretty tucked away (right by Ronnie's bagels in Norwood) and without reading Yelp reviews, I wouldn't have known that it was an Indian restaurant. But I digress. I ordered the chicken tikka masala, the tadaka dal, garlic naan and plain naan. I was  then asked if I wanted it to be mild or spicy. Spicy I said and spicy I got. One of my biggest pet peeves is when I order something spicy and it comes out with a dash of pepper (a dash of pepper does not mean spicy, that means seasoned), so I was EXTREMELY happy that Marks OLLY understood that.The tadaka dal (lentil dish) was probably the best I've ever had. Really well seasoned with refreshing notes of mint. I'm hooked. The garlic naan and the plain naan were both pretty epic. It's a bit more dense than I'm used to, but I don't find that to be a negative at all.The owner was also incredibly friendly, so I have nothing but positive words to say about this place. I'm really rooting for this place. It's fantastic.
<review# 170,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/18/2014,6/8/2014,85,128,6,8,7>I must say, Tony Boloneys is not your typical pepperoni, sausage, and cheese pizza joint. This place is more than that. I feel they are the Pizza Specialist/Artistry of this time. They have the most amazing (pizza/subs/salads...etc.) selections of things on their menu. You may choose to have the Grandma's Parm (ricotta, chicken cutlet, pecorino, marinara, fresh homemade mozz & fresh basil) sub, to the Jersey Fist-Pump (sliced fennel sausage, green peppers, onion, provolone & whole lotta eh ya!!!) pizza, down to a Chibo (baby arugula with grilled chic, chopped tomato, pecorino & goat cheese with lemon vinaigrette) salad. Everything that I have had thus far has been extremely mouth watering, fulfilling and freshly made.So, for all my foodie lovers out there, take a trip to Hoboken, NJ to give your taste buds a sensational feeling.  You may say that once you've had Tony Bonlonys, you will never try another.# TonyBoloneys....I can wait until there is one in JC.This place is the S*@t
<review# 171,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/3/2014,6/7/2014,277,585,4,13,8>I have been a long time fan of Garden State Yoga since I've been a member of their first studio in Bloomfield, NJ about five years ago. Since I moved to Downtown Jersey CIty (and sold my car) I've been looking for a studio that best fit my needs but none compared. Don't get me wrong, these studios were good but they weren't for me. When I learned GSY was opening a new location in Hoboken, I gagged. Since they officially opened in January 2014, I have been dedicated to my practice. Yoga helps me mentally and spiritually and so far its the best medicine for me. This location opening couldn't have come at a better time. I'm going through a lot and so far I am doing well. Yoga keeps me centered. I am definitely open to trying other types of yoga but GSY is my "home". And the staff here are amazing.
<review# 172,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/10/2014,6/6/2014,198,103,3,8,4>This Broad st. newcomer is a serious pizzeria with the best prices and service in Bloomfield, hands down.I have ordered their regular and Sicilian pies, but am a real fan of the Sicilian, not everyone in New Jersey seems to know what a NYC style Sicilian pie should be, these guys most definitely do.A breakdown of what makes their Sicilian pie 5 stars:The dough: thick, almost two inches high the cheese is perched, but its not heavy, the dough crisps up at the bottom but rises with an airy pedestal for...The sauce: rich and flavorful but the fresh tomatoes arent over cooked, tastes like my mother's marinara actually (and mom is 100% Italian and a kick ass cook). Which brings me to...the cheese. Not some cheap flavorless filler, real, perfectly melted, evenly covered and plentiful.Their dinner and pizza specials are amazing, the best deals anywhere near here, and delivery is a treat, as Dave the delivery man is always quick, has a big smile and great verbal exchanges.I shouldn't get pizza again tonight but writing this review is a pleasure that has me rationalizing pizza delivery from Primetime, Bloomfield's new champions of pizza.
<review# 173,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/14/2014,6/5/2014,128,167,3,14,6>When I saw that Terre a Terre is a "farm-to-table" restaurant in little ol' Carlstadt, I had to check it out.  It's very rare to find such a modern restaurant in this area that uses only local, seasonal, and sustainable ingredients.   My family and I visited last weekend for Sunday brunch and I must say this place hit all three points - great food, friendly service, and charming ambiance.They start you off with a basket of homemade muffins.  I could have easily gobbled up each one - blueberry, corn, chocolate chip, poppy but I had to save myself for my entree.  They offer a variety of teas and unique artisan sodas.  A few individuals at my table had the mango cilantro sparkling water, subtle flavor but refreshing.For my entree, I went with the Chesapeake Bay crab cake over a poached egg.  It came with a side of home fries.  The crab cake was a bit small but everything was cooked well and went perfectly together.  Some other dishes my family enjoyed were the "From the Land Omelet" which included tender pieces of braised short ribs and the "Stuffed Brioche" that contained banana, Nutella and a really delicious creme fresh.   Needless to say, we all cleaned our plates.I was also impressed by how much thought they put into the decor and environment including sustainable items like wood plank menu holders, burlap table clothes covered with butcher paper, and mason jar track lighting.  I felt like I was in a cozy, warm farmhouse. Overall a great dining experience and I'm already planning to come back for dinner.
<review# 174,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/1/2014,6/4/2014,287,80,3,12,8>I came here to kill some time before my MRI which was in the area. I figured why not grab some Indian since it's my favorite food & this place had good reviews. SO HAPPY I chose to come here!! When I first walked in, I mentioned to the waiter I found the place on Yelp. I think the staff paid special attention to me because of that comment :) I ordered right away... Corn soup with chicken, lamb korma mild, and garlic naan bread. The waiter shortly came over with a free mango lassi with a heart in it! That was super cute! AND that was the best mango lassi I've had in my life! It wasn't too sweet nor too bitter.. Right in the middle.. PERFECT! My corn soup came out about 10 minutes later. It came with crispy noodle thingys and two other sauces. It was GREAT! The soup had a very slight kick to it and had plenty of chicken. I told them to take their time with the entree since I had a few hours to kill. They didn't mind and told me to flag them down when I was ready for the entree. They were quite busy for a Tuesday night so I guess this didn't bother them... Well I hope it didn't! I asked the guy to throw in my entree about half an hour after I finished my soup. It came out about fifteen minutes later. The lamb was BY FAR the MOST TENDER lamb I've ever had in an Indian dish!!! It was DELICIOUS! I didn't pick up my knife once!! The sauce was bursting with flavor and had a rich, creamy texture. HIGHLY RECOMMEND, I CANT WAIT TO COME BACK!
<review# 175,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/19/2014,6/3/2014,84,106,11,14,9>BBQ in north jersey just got better with Finks! I was recommended by a fellow yelper to try this place out and it was totally worth it. I really didnt know what to expect and when I walked in, I felt right at home. Big, open area for the bar and lots of seating for food. Very casual atmosphere and the staff was very nice and friendly.On to the food.. AMAZING. Started off with some drinks. My friend ordered the special old fashioned with candied bacon in it.. need I say more? Then we all got some gumbo which was delicious with duck, turkey and chicken so soft, you barely had to chew. Then for the entree, we were all in agreement that we get the carnivore dish which was a platter of almost all their meats in one platter to feed 4 hungry, hungry people. Ribs, pork, beef, chicken, and homefries accompanied by fries, coleslaw and pickles. We stuffed ourselves for a good 15-20 minutes before we could breathe and see the bottom of the plate. It was cooked just right and filled everyone up beyond satisfaction. Ran out of coleslaw and pickles quickly but they'll bring you more upon request. The carnivore is generously priced at $67 and if you're not full by the end of it, I tip my hat to you.They also have crayons and a giant sheet of paper as the tablecloth for kids , but we still had fun with it :)
<review# 176,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/10/2014,6/2/2014,381,641,9,19,14>(4.50 stars)  The path which brought us to Scala Del Nonna on Tuesday began with a bit of disappointment.  From the time we arrived at this intimate, decidedly upscale, but far from stuffy dining room, that disappointment was short-lived.We had brought a small group of coworkers from Cleveland and Seattle to Osteria Giotto last Spring, and they absolutely loved it.  Unfortunately, Giotto is closed on Tuesdays, their one day in the area.  The request went out for an Italian restaurant in Montclair which was "almost as good," and I took a blind shot in suggesting Scala Del Nonna.From the time we were seated, service was both impeccable and personable.  The front of house staff were "on their game," to the smallest detail.  Sally Cetrulo, hostess, manager, pastry chef and brother of owner Michael, spent much time at our table.  She was as genuine and down-to-earth as her restaurant, and several discussions about the general state of the restaurant industry showed both candor and deep knowledge, without being dismissive. Our BYOB bottles of pinot noir were competently uncorked and served, and neither wine nor water glass was permitted to be less than one-third full.  Business discussion is animated and-- at times-- deep with this group, but was never interrupted by the front of house service.Our group of three alternated between shared dishes and individual orders, in the process covering all four courses of a classic Italian meal.  Primi brought to the table included the grilled romaine hearts salad, garlic shrimp, steamed mussels and the white bean soup.  Presentation and plating were rustic and approachable, and the choices were excellent.  The colleague who enjoyed the garlic shrimp was raised in a family restaurant, and characterized the dish as being among the best food he had ever eaten.  Although a bit light on both char and parmigian cheese, the grilled romaine salad was quite enjoyable-- an excellent starter.  The mussels were adeptly flavored by fennel, leeks and cherry tomatoes, but while generous in portion size, were uneven and small in the size of the bivalves served.  These details were, however, of only a secondary concern, as the food was truly superb.The pasta (farinacie) course brought a shared platter of ricotta gnocchi, billed as being in a sauce of sausage, porcini mushrooms, tomato and basil.  Toothsome, in the manner of well-executed al dente pasta, both the gnocchi and its sauce were hearty and flavorful.  Those expecting chunks of sausage should, however, note that in this rendition it plays only a supporting role; present in flavor, but hardly center-stage.Pork dishes were the choice of several diners, myself included.  I enjoyed the pork giambotta immensely; two thick, perfectly grilled loin pork chops finished in a demi glace, with sherry and capers, and served with grilled zucchini and mushrooms.  The kitchen's mastery was clearly evident in the execution of this dish, as the chops were moist, the flavors well-balanced and the overall dish thoroughly enjoyable.  A colleague ordered the pork Toscano, pounded and breaded pork chop cutlets in a garlic and parmigian cheese sauce, and served with salad greens.  It also drew raves.While one colleague ordered the orange cannoli, the remainder of the table was too full to advance to the dessert offerings.  Sally wasn't going to let this pass, and brought a shared slice of her cheesecake for the table.  The cheesecake, like the gnocchi before it, had more body and substance than "fluffy" renditions of Italian cheesecake.  Lightly accented by pumpkin pie spices, it was a perfect ending to a wonderful meal.  As for the cannoli, the normally talkative coworker went completely silent while savoring each bite; I read this as a glowing endorsement.Mulling in front of the building after dinner, discussion turned to the inevitable comparison between Scala Del Nonna and Osteria Giotto.  Our conclusions were unanimous; both served excellent food and provided a wonderful and unpretentious dining experience.  Scala is classical, while Giotto is interpretive, in their mastery of Italian cuisine.  Both are exceptional.
<review# 177,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/15/2014,6/1/2014,340,288,10,16,10>This is the real deal!You're thinking what does this Asian girl from NJ know about Jamaican food. You're right not much but while in Jamaica I ate 5 days and 5 nights at this hole in the wall (actually there were no walls just a big grill with stools around it). I had the most amazing jerk chicken there and 14 Parish has one that can compete.14 Parish also has an amazing ox tail stew. I would ask for that sauce on the rice no matter what meat you choose. Service is friendly and prices are reasonable.More of a take out type of place since they only have 3 two-seater tables. And 2 hour street parking available up and down Anderson.Thank you 14 Parish for taking me back to Jamaica! Now only if this NJ weather would cooperate.
<review# 178,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/5/2014,5/31/2014,257,123,6,14,9>My coworkers and I get Sharky's take out ALL THE TIME because they're around the corner from us. Collectively, I think we've had just about everything on the menu. If you haven't noticed, the Sharky's food pics here on yelp are basically all mine. Their food is excellent especially for a little dive bar. Yes, Sharky's is a dive bar. Don't come on yelp and complain that it's small, dark and divey looking because that's what it is and it doesn't pretend to be anything else! The wings are excellent. They have enough sauce options to satisfy all palates. And if you can't decide on just one sauce, you can pick 2 to mix together, for no extra charge. I personally prefer extra hot sauce mixed with BBQ. Sweet/spicy combo's are my favorite. The hell sauce which I believe is their hottest is hot as hell. Surprising! The filet mignon sandwich is up there with the wings. It's on garlic bread, smothered with mozzarella cheese and topped with an onion ring. It's quite amazing. Their lunch specials rule. $5.50 for 8 piece wings, grilled cheese, hamburger or chicken parm that all come with fries and a drink. The only bad thing I have to say about Sharky's is their service kinda sucks. It's slow and inattentive because they're always busy and understaffed. Almost every time I come to pick up food, they have a full house (which is around lunch time) and only like 1-2 people working the tables. Sometimes they'll tell me to pick up my order in 15 minutes and I'll get there after exactly 15 minutes and still wait another 5-10 minutes for my food. I never really sit down and eat here but I can imagine it being annoyingly slow. I don't know why the manager/owner won't just add more bartenders and cooks. This place definitely makes bank so there's just no excuse for under staffing your extremely popular bar.
<review# 179,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/1/2014,5/30/2014,149,86,14,16,14>So right now, I'm pregnant with no specific cravings except for good food. I had a sip, a very small one, of my hubby's sangria which was red, heady, and perfect. Then I shared an "Appetizer Trio" which included petite crab cakes, tuna tartare, and "Angry Shrimp Spring Rolls" which we requested instead of vegetable spring rolls. It came with a couple of  yummy dipping sauces- one was really special- made of lime and miso. Next, I had the "Ramen" which was a warm, satisfying noodle soup with seared duck breast, pulled pork, sunny-side-up egg, and some veggies- just perfect for wintertime. For a side, which made the meal even more filling, I noshed on some "Pulled Pork Mac and Cheese". Wow- a little tangy and full of comfort! For dessert, I can't deny myself soggy bread in a semi-set custard so I devoured the "Warm Paradise Hill Cranberry and Pecan Bread Pudding"- very impressive! The slight tartness of the cranberry cut the sweetness just right. I had this with a rich "Safari Blend" (Ceylon, Mauritius, Assam, and Keemun) black tea which came in a teapot that had at least 5 servings! I drank most of it, so I had to use the restroom before leaving. Huntley Taverne totally exceeded this knocked-up mama's expectations.
<review# 180,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/2/2014,5/29/2014,141,236,3,11,7>Halsey Street is definitely the to-go spot for food in University Heights. Lots of awesome restaurants and this one fits the bill of a great lunch spot. The food is fresh, the interior is bright, and the staff is super friendly. Plus, the line goes by very quick. I personally only had the falafel platter but I had a try of a few of the salads. I'm going to be honest and say that I didn't like the hummus. It was a bit too garlicky for me and it bothered me. However, the corn salad, red cabbage slaw, baba ganoush, and beet salads were fantastic. You can choose white or whole wheat pita as well. The falafel was very flavorful and crunchy. I'd get the tahini on the side next time since it makes the falafel a bit soggy but it's quite tasty. Did you notice I said "next time"? There definitely will be a next time. It's a great option for lunch and it's good for groups.  Plus, it seems like healthy food so I don't feel heavy or guilty afterwards. The only downsides are the $10 minimum for card, the super garlicky hummus, and the prices. I paid $9 for a falafel platter but it was very filling and nutritious. If it were $1-2 less for lunch, I'd definitely be going here everyday and probably getting dessert. But you get what you pay for and I don't mind the extra place for a little variety in Newark. God knows I've seen enough cheese steaks and burgers around here. Updates on the schawarma next time!
<review# 181,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/15/2014,5/28/2014,64,101,7,11,7>Giovanni to the rescue!So what happens when you find the treasure of amazing cognac Cole Haan riding boots for about a third of their usual price in the first store you stop in on Black Friday? You take them to be weatherproofed (and stretched) before even thinking of wearing them, of course!Unfortunately, I was talked into going to some janky place in JC for this, when I had originally thought to go to Giovanni's to begin with. I paid sorely for this mistake. When they were returned to me...they were basically ruined with what looked like bleach speckling the left boot. I didn't even want to bother trying to get these guys to fix it.Instead, I brought the boots to Giovanni's in hopes that they could some how help me and my Haans. The gentlemen at the counter were super nice and even complimented me on the boots themselves. I explained what happened and was told of all that needed to be done to try to repair. My response: "that sounds expensive, how much?" $19 was how much. A price I would more than gladly pay for the life of my brand new Haans! (LOL at me calling them Haans...that is now all I will ever call them.) I was told they would give me a call when they were ready. To my surprise, I received a voicemail the very next day letting me know they were ready. It hadn't even been 24hrs. I went in, a little scared of what I might find but they were PERFECT! I almost couldn't believe it! I took them back to the office and wore them home from work that day lol.I think I've found my go-to shoe repair spot! Whoop Whoop! (Check the before and after pics)
<review# 182,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/24/2014,5/27/2014,397,687,20,26,21>Today began MY spring training...the ongoing quest for Jersey's best hot dogs.  A co-worker of mine grew up in Jersey City and he and I have been joined at the hip to find the best dogs...at least in the Northeastern part of the state.  He sent me an email last night asking me if I wanted to try "the best hot dog place in Jersey City".  What's a guy to do?  I can't say No...right?  Of course not.  So we took the PATH from Newark to JC and got off in Journal Square and as we (three of us went) step out of the station I see a huge statue of Jackie Robinson...so I KNOW it's going to be a good day.  Anyway, we cross over to Boulevard Drinks for my buddy's "best hot dogs in JC" and this place is TINY.  Not small, not cramped, like you need to turn sideways to get past the first person in line...AND there are like 5 stools at the counter.  Am I skeptical?  NO!  I can tell by the aroma of grilled dogs and sausage that I am in for a bit of epicurean delight this fine, chilly afternoon.  I order two right off the bat - one Chili and cheese and one with the works-chili, kraut, onions, mustard.  You'll note the five star rating...I wish that said it all, but I'll expand a bit.  I LOVE grilled dogs and these were incredible.  Nice snap in the Sabrett, onions had a little spice to them, and the chili and chesse were incredibly tasty.  After wolfing down these two beauties I had another one with the works-and added the chili this time and it was 4-5 bites of heaven.  As we stood there talking to the manager about food places, other hot dog joints, and good eats around JC, one of my buddies nudges me and asks if I'm gonna try the sausage...he turns to my other buddy and asks the same thing.  Peer Pressure is a B**ch!  Order up a sausage with kraut, mustard and ketchup...damn.  Damn it was good.  It was like adding a cherry and whip cream to a dessert.So between the three of us - 10 dogs, three sausages, three drinks, and a completely delicious, if not healthy, lunch.  When it comes to hot dogs, five stars is a sure fire sign that I WILL be back.  Boulevard Drinks, you just made it to the spot near the top of a very long list of hot dog joints that only hope to serve a dog as good as yours.
<review# 183,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/22/2014,5/26/2014,169,317,3,13,8>I can't vouch for anything other than Grandma's Sicilian slice. I don't know what it is about the slightly sweet sauce that sit on top of a perfectly crisp square crust. Maybe it's the fresh mozzarella, tomato and basil. Pretty sure there's garlic from heaven in there too!  I don't know, but that slice is perfection. In summary: it's addictive and delicious and divine and THE BEST and I just can't bring myself to order anything else. Parking is easy peasy. The real surprise is the outdoor seating that sits right on the Hudson River. I've only done takeout, but during the warmer seasons I'll be sure to bask outdoors with a bottle of wine (BYOB baby) and an entire Grandma's pie (most likely for myself. Get your own, boo boo!)
<review# 184,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/21/2014,5/25/2014,280,185,5,13,7>FIVE STARS!The service, the menu items, the plate presentation, the ambience. My husband and I shared the mac n' cheese, which is served with short rib and sofritas, making it extra savory with a little kick. It wasn't lacking in the cheese department; the dish was super creamy, but not stringy. Perfect mac n' cheese sauce, just like my mama used to make.For the main course, I ordered the country fried steak. I didn't want to share any with my husband, it was that good. I rarely get territorial about food, so when I do, you KNOW it's good. The gravy was super savory, the breading was crispy, and the presentation on top of the pea purée and stemmed, steamed carrots was absolutely gorgeous! I completely cleared my plate.Then, we obviously had to finish with the fried brownie, which is a Yelp favorite and did not disappoint. The presentation was not what I expected: four little deep fried balls of brownie, dusted with confectioners sugar, served with a healthy portion of whipped cream and peanut butter ice cream with little pieces of crushed peanut in it. BETTER THAN SEX. Okay, maybe not... But it's damn close!Only one complaint: the kitchen is half-open, so since we were seated near the back, we could see into the area where the servers toast the bread for bread baskets, and it was kinda awkward looking over and seeing them all congregating there, munching on the odd piece of bread and cracking jokes.Also, Cheyenne is the best. So happy and cheerful. A real pleasure.
<review# 185,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/20/2014,5/24/2014,156,84,31,38,38>Best pizza I've had in a long time.Came here on a Saturday early evening after my visit to Bangz next door, place was pretty empty. Young lady let us sit anywhere and took our orders. She was honest when she told me I should probably stop ordering toppings because it was too much. She was right, because our pizza was perfect.We started off with an aluminum bowl of kale salad. It came with beets and roasted pumpkin seeds and their house dressing (lemon juice & Olive oil). It was such a simple combination of ingredients, but it hit the spot just right and was fresh, healthy and tasty.Then came the pizza. This thing was perfectly cooked, as it had just the right amount of burn spots on the crust. We did the make-your-own that starts off with a margherita (fresh mozzarella, tomato sauce, basil) then added pepperoni, onions and arugula after it came out of the oven. Amazingly, it wasn't greasy at all, despite the cheese and pepperoni. Every bite was so flavorful and fresh and it didn't feel terribly unhealthy. The sauce was up there with the best pizzas I've had. The crust was the kind that you wanted to eat and could enjoy with some sauce and cheese because they put it on all the way to the edge.I'll definitely be coming back to try some other toppings. It's good to know there's this fantastic pizza place right here in Jersey.
<review# 186,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/22/2014,5/23/2014,238,435,,10,9>There are a few places that I have gone to that just remind me of homemade cooking made with care. This is one of them. I first ordered delivery from here and it was pretty good so I went to visit them in person. The food is Russian/Uzbek/Korean. The owner explained to me that he is Russian and his wife and her parents are from Uzbekistan but ethnically Korean. The menu is comprised of things that they enjoyed eating at home and then decided to share.Not everything on the menu is five stars worthy. I liked the lamb pilaf but the veal dumplings were just okay. The cottage cheese cookies are amazing. Definitely a must try (perhaps these are worth 5 stars alone). The menu is definitely interesting and unusual and I want to try more of it. There isn't a ton of seating (couples of tables inside and a couple of tables outside) but they do have free wi-fi if you want to sit there for a bit, which I did. Prices seem just a tad high but everything is made fresh (as in someone tried to order a sandwich and he told them it would take an hour). The food is also deceptively filling. Overall, 4 stars for the food, 5 stars for the baked goods, and 5 stars for the place/service/uniqueness. I definitely recommend trying them out.
<review# 187,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/24/2013,5/22/2014,43,28,5,12,7>Let me just say I've heard about this place but nothing prepared me for the deliciousness of just walking into Andrea's!  It's a small shop jam packed -almost neurotically neatly organized, which makes me happy!- with imported products complete with hanging aged and dried meats! Let me not forget the mouth watering scents that envelope your senses as soon as you walk in!  If you weren't too hungry walking in, you will be!The food...the freshest mozzarella and the sweets savory roasted sun dried tomatoes I've ever had!  The prosciutto and sopresatta where fresh and oooh so good!  What I'd expect??! It's a salumeria:) Having divulged the ingredients, those who are in the know, know that I had a Soprano!....2 days consecutively!! I know, fatbutt but oh well!  Ah! Wait! Forgot the Italian breads! Yup different kinds and so tasty!  Definitely a spot to taste if you're looking for take out -no hot foods but anti pastas and sandwiches are excellent!
<review# 188,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/18/2014,5/21/2014,34,158,3,11,5>What a nice new local spot. Ample parking lot and the hanging pasta in the window is the first thing to entice you. There's a long bar when you walk in and table seating in the back. Our waitress was super friendly and helpful. She recommended the corn chowder, which was excellent. It tasted very fresh. She also advised us to get the half size portions as the full size can feed 2-3 people. The small came home with me. That's how big it was. I had the tagliatelle with mushrooms. It was delicious. You got a lot of mushroom flavor and not overly creamy. Just right. We will definitely be coming back to try the other delicious pastas, especially for dessert!
<review# 189,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/22/2014,5/20/2014,79,99,,9,5>We had an absolutely amazing experience here. Where do I begin.... First the ambience had a  surprisingly upscale feel to it which the photos  on the website do not capture. We were seated in the main dining room and it was such a pretty room, from the window treatments to the copper ceilings, it made us want to linger.Second, the staff were all super friendly and accommodating. One of the waiters sensed that my husband was not happy with the table we got because he was looking around, and quickly came up and asked if we would like a bigger table. Our waitress was great as well, she was very knowledgeable and attentive. Now for the food.... the calamari was melt-in-the mouth tender. We got the ginger calamari but then also got marinara sauce just in case the ginger sauce was too sweet. It turned out it was a little on the sweet side and so we stuck with the marinara which was great. My husband had the short rib ravioli which was delicious and nicely presented. I had the Mountain and Sea Fettuccine which was to die for. It was a large portion of homemade pasta with copious amounts of mushrooms. I just had the leftovers today and it tasted even better. The desserts were great, we had creme brulee and panna cotta which were made on premises and very decadent. My only complaint is that the desserts are priced  disproportionately high in comparison to the very moderately priced entrees. The creme bruee was  $9.95 and the panna cotta was $8.95.... but we did enjoy them!Can't wait to go back!!
<review# 190,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/27/2013,5/19/2014,236,245,3,11,9>The literary gods have smiled on Jersey City, and they have spoken:  WORD is the word!I am so so so so pleased to have a wonderful indie bookstore in downtown JC. It's beautifully arranged and has just the right mix of books, gifts, quirky cards, and kids' toys that make for a unique and fun browsing experience.It is clear that the shop is well curated and that the owners have brought their sensibilities from the success of their Brooklyn outpost to the dynamic and changing demographic of downtown JC. Great location right near the PATH and Newark Avenue's burgeoning restaurant scene. Just another reason why the Grove Street area, although once maligned as a bit on the fringes, continues to flourish as one of the most interesting, colorful, and eclectic pockets of JC!There will be a cafe in the back and with Roman Nose right next door, I can see myself making lunch dates often with girlfriends and the little nugget during my maternity leave. Peace, love, caffeine, and good books,Deborah D.
<review# 191,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/29/2014,5/18/2014,110,227,,5,6>Best friend came in from Manhattan tonight and we needed to go somewhere to celebrate some good things that have happened lately. I have driven past Vesta a few times but tonight we decided to try it. My friend and I did some research online and decided that Vesta had a good price, good reviews, and looked clean.  We called for a taxi and went down to the restaurant. As we arrived the restaurant was very busy but was able to seat us within 10 minutes. We started our night with a pitcher of red sangria; that was amazingly delicious! We also had Caesar Salad and some of the most delicious fried mozzarella I ever tasted for appetizers. We should have stopped there but our order was in. Next our entrees came out; lasagna and three cheese ravioli. The food was delicious we finished nearly ever morsel and drank nearly every drop of our sangria. Vesta is a great place with a comfortable warm atmosphere, extremely friendly staff, and delicious food at a good price.
<review# 192,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/19/2014,5/17/2014,206,196,,10,5>I went on multiple ferret websites to find a vet, including ferrethealth.org/vets, which is really helpful in quickly locating a place. Rutherford Animal Hospital was the place closest to where I live, which is really convenient because it's right near my dad's business! I have seen Dr. Cantamessa multiple times now and am so grateful to have found her! My one ferret Duchess just got diagnosed with Insulinoma and Dr. Cantamessa has been very vigilant in trying to get her blood sugar up. I think we've been successful as my little Dutchie has been a lot more active recently, climbing all over everything, and being her crazy old self again!! She has also been monitoring my other ferret, Grizzly, who has been having all kinds of weird issues that we are trying to get to the bottom of. Dr. Cantamessa is very practical in treating him instead of running all kinds of unnecessary (and probably expensive) tests right off the bat. I feel comfortable with the attention and care that they are both receiving, and it goes without saying that Dr. Cantamessa really knows her stuff!Additionally, I have never had any problems making or cancelling appointments. I feel that the wait times are reasonable and the receptionists are always very understanding and accommodating. I once had to rush Grizzly in for an emergency and they took him right away. Thank you for looking after the best interests of my ferrets!
<review# 193,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/10/2014,5/16/2014,206,553,4,10,7>Much more than just a cafe, Red Eye is there for you when you need them.- It's 10 a.m. and your kids just put you through the ringer getting to school. They faked illnesses, changed outfits ten times and forgot their lunch. You went to run errands after you dropped them off and now you need coffee and breakfast made by someone else. Red Eye is there for you with a plethora of coffee options and the Sweet Scramble (cheesy scrambled eggs with red onion jam & arugula on an English muffin), all for less than $10. The red onion jam makes this already tasty breakfast sandwich jump off the plate and into your mouth faster than you can ever imagine.- You pretend you don't need sugar, but you do. It's 2:47 p.m. and you need something to tide you over until dinner, preferably with sugar in it. Red Eye is there for you with a White Chocolate Coconut Oatmeal Cookie for $2. This cookie is one of my favorite cookies of all-time. You know when they can serve it to you on a small plate and it fits, it is not just perfectly blended, but just big enough to make you immediately happy.- You don't want to cook, you missed that window to get it going. You don't want to spend a ton of money and you don't want to wait to eat. Red Eye is there for you, again, at about 7:18 p.m. You get the Shrimp & Grits (Coconut grits w/ extra jumbo shrimp, chorizo, & shallots in a Moroccan curry sauce w/ tomato jam) and you remain happy for a month. If you don't know what grits are and haven't been to the South to find out, engage yourself in this proposition and try this dish. You won't be sorry. Your significant other gets the Moroccan Quinoa (Grilled zucchini over toasted quinoa, chickpea, shallot, almonds & dried cranberry salad) and even though you are not Vegan, you take four bites from her plate while she is in the bathroom. You hope she doesn't finish it, but she does. So you get another White Chocolate Coconut Oatmeal Cookie. Yes you do.They are open all day and into the night and the food is excellent. The place is very nice inside, filled with art and tables and accessible for whatever your plan is - a meal, a snack, a coffee, a hang. These are places you are happy live in your neighborhood.
<review# 194,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/6/2014,5/15/2014,288,175,19,24,23>I came here for dinner after coming back from the home brew store down the street.  I love Cuban food and the area I live in has a lack of Latin food is, so this was a treat.As excpected the resturant decor has a nice Cuban vibe to it.  The entire restaurant staff are very warm and friendly and they legit care about the quality of their food and service.  At some point all four of the people working there including the owner asked how everthing was. For an appetizer we has the boiled yuca, which was so tasty, I swear I could live on that stuff.I had ordered the Pernil with black beans and rice and my wife had ordered the  Bistec Empanizado(breaded steak).  By the time we were done eating our yuca the owner came up to us and apologized that there would be a delay on our entrees coming out since they ran out of breading for the Bistec Empanizado and that someone was running out to get more breading.  So, he offered us free empanadas (which were awesome) for the wait.About five or ten minutes after we finished our empanadas, our entrees came out.   The Bistec Empanizado was huge!  My wife ended up taking 2/3 of it home.  My pernil was super tasty, as was the white rice and bean; Cuban white rice is the best!!Even though it was really tempting, we had no room for dessert.I would without a doubt come back here for some amazing Cuban food.
<review# 195,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/23/2014,5/14/2014,182,387,1,9,6>All 3 of the tattoos and body piercing were done by Screamin Ink. I never was treated poorly by these guys. And I'm one of those people that others go, "YOU have a tattoo?!?!?" when they find out. If anything, they always were polite and sweet to me, even sometimes when I just walk in. They also did my friend's belly button piercing and they were insanely polite to her, made her feel comfortable, etc. I never get the arrogant attitude from the group. They have always done great work and everyone loves the tattoos I have. The parlor is clean and well-lit. They are extremely patient with you. I had a scorpion done that took some time so I was given breaks. Also, the owner kept coming by just to make sure it was doing well. Other artists walked by just to talk to me and calm me down. Also, to assure me that it was coming out great. And trust me, it came out awesome. People love it. Since all my work was done here, I never felt a need to go elsewhere to check prices. If they're a little more expensive, I'd rather go somewhere expensive and get great work than try someone new and freak out because it came out like crap -- then have to get it covered up or removed.
<review# 196,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/23/2014,5/13/2014,246,385,3,6,4>This is one of my favorite places to come for a casual dinner with my man on a Friday after a long work week.  They have great food and decent drink options.What a unique craft beer selection!  My friend actually drove in from Manhattan to drink some rare IPA they had on tap!  The beer selection isn't huge, but they always have good and different things.  There's a decent wine selection, as well.  They make a great burger and some awesome, crispy duck fat fries!  OMG, the duck fat fries!!  Get em disco if you really want a treat!  There are usually a few specials to choose from, in addition to the regular menu, which makes the decision pretty difficult. I wasn't in love with the French chicken, but it was cooked very well.  The veggies were cooked to perfection, as well.  I've had the ravioli and those are bangin!The Twisted Potatoes are a good choice when you order an entree that comes with a potato option.  They are yummy, but fried, which I wish someone would have told me before I ordered them.  I WAS trying to be semi-healthy and that went out the window.  All in all, Twisted Elm is a great restaurant with tasty, well-prepared food.  We've sampled a good portion of the menu and have never been disappointed.
<review# 197,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/17/2014,5/12/2014,456,539,20,27,24>Apparently, shooting a gun is like riding a bicycle - it is fun, and once you learn it, you don't forget how to do it. (...Mind you, I don't know how to ride a bicycle...)I did handle a gun in military class in prep school (yea...) - and at that time I paid more attention to cute boy next to me and none to guns and teachers... So I decided to take beginner's class to refresh my memory this year. (Hey, why not?)I was half expecting to fall asleep in the class and wake up when it's time to practice - boy, I was wrong! Classes here are awesome, and instructors are cool - there was so much information to process, your head will spin.In addition to gun-related classes, they also offer self-defense courses, no-weapon or using simple objects, to protect yourself in case of attack. Seriously, everyone need to take one of those! You can book them online - it is quick and easy. But of course, classes aside, this is a shooting range... You will have some time to get your adrenaline pumpin' after the class with couple of guns and good amount of ammo - or, you can come in on your own and rent one of their guns - there are hundreds to choose from. Revolvers, semi, shotguns, and everything else. Oh, boy. Dare I to compare this to a candy store? ~swoon~(And apparently, I do remember how to shoot, woohoo! Anybody need a gun for hire?? Kidding, kidding...)There is 15 min beginners introduction if you completely lost and renting for first time. (Note if you are male, you must be accompanied by someone to rent)It is great for groups - you can share the port with 2 of your friends.Clean, well-organized, and staff is simply outstanding. So. Much. Fun!Do it.
<review# 198,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/30/2014,5/11/2014,121,52,5,8,8>Hands down one of the best places to get chicken parm in the area! $6 for a full meal ($8 for the deluxe) , $2.25 pints all day and night and a pretty good selection of liquor ($7.50 for a double). I hate to call it a "dive bar".... but it is and I LOVE IT! Yea, the decor is probably as old as the place is, but who cares. It's down the street from my house and very inexpensive. If you like trivia, go on Tuesdays... or poker on Wednesdays. I usually go once a week because it's so close to my house and when I'm not in the mood to cook :) It's definitely a local bar, but everyone is so friendly. Fun little fact- If you are on a budget and need a " room " to host a party etc.... they offer you their little secret back room free of charge!
<review# 199,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/3/2014,5/10/2014,136,17,2,15,7>I have been wanting to try this restaurant ever since they broke ground last year. I heard that it was a different type of place with an ever changing seasonal menu. as I have passed by many times, I could see that it was packed so I made reservations. Good choice.( Our reservation was for 7 but we were seated by 5 minutes early)My friend and I started off with the Ripe Plum Tomato Flatbread appetizer which was very good.  For our entrees, we were in a fish mood and she choose the Mesquite-Grilled Garlic Shrimp and I had the Grilled Sea Scallops.  Great choices and they were cooked to perfection and served promptly. Absolutely delicious.  The desert portions  are keeping with their under 475 calorie and under guideline which the server explained and the beginning of our order.  We had and shared a bite of Mocha Macchiato and Pecan Pie with Vanilla Mousse served in small desert glasses and topped the meal off perfectly.All in all it was an excellent experience right from the point of arriving, wait staff and the ambiance of the restaurant.  With so much to try I am looking forward to going back very soon.
<review# 200,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/18/2014,5/9/2014,1162,532,4,12,7>How could it be that The Bosphorus had 5 stars based on a compilation of 27 Yelp reviews? I had to go and see for myself, and I quickly learned why.First, the service is incredibly friendly. The place is run by Turks who are clearly ecstatic to be running this business in the U.S.Second, the food is amazingly fresh and authentic. The complimentary bread with the olive oil and fresh herbs was a nice starter before the arrival of the lamb shish and the gyro platter, both of which tasted like something I would have eaten on The Bosphorus while visiting Turkey one year prior.Third, the portions are very generous. We ended up taking half the food to go and on top of that, they brought us a complimentary dessert (kazandibi), which was also oversized.Overall, the food was very rich and filling, but outstanding nevertheless. Do yourself a favor and don't forget to end the meal with a Turkish coffee.I was a little surprised the dining room wasn't busier on a Friday night, but I think this place will progressively take off once the word keeps spreading.
<review# 201,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/22/2014,5/8/2014,195,235,18,22,21>Hells bells, this place took me by surprise! Passing it 1,000 times and never trying it was a true sin. Small place with not a lot of seating and not a lot of ambiance. It was a Tuesday night so it was only us and a few other couples. We both decided to go the sushi roll route instead of the sashimi route. Long day and we were both craving some rice carbs.The rolls were presented nicely and they delivered on taste. I hate to say that the "sushi was fresh" because Goddamn, sushi better always be fresh...it's raw fish, for crying out loud! But nevertheless, the salmon was melt-in-your-mouth amazing and the rice was the right temperature and seasoned very well.Street parking only, which can be a pain in the bodangs in Rutherford. You don't need to pay the meter past 6:00 PM, so save your quarters. They offer lunch specials, however, they close for their own lunch break between 3:00 PM and 5:00 PM on weekdays.Roll-tastic!
<review# 202,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/21/2014,5/7/2014,259,348,7,9,5>I actually ATE brussel sprouts here. I never eat brussel sprouts. Ever.That ALONE meant something to me.**************Mes Reves has been THE best French restaurant I've eaten at to date. The only thing I can fault this place for is not having drapes/curtains on the huge, front windows. It's a bit distracting looking across at Bloomfield Barber Shop as you dine.BUT that has NOTHING to do with the overall ambiance of the place, and, of course, the magnificent food here...Mes Reves is decorated very well: exposed brick, wine bottles illuminated with old-school photos and posters along the wall; great, comfortable booths with arm rests built-in. It's a great vibe inside for a nice, romantic dinner. Gotta go into a bit of depth with a 5-star spot..The APP: The Mesclun Salad was my appetizer, and I would come back just for it. Greens, goat cheese, almonds and small croutons with an unbelievable shallot vinaigrette. Absolutely perfect. Nice and tangy with the soft, but creamy, goat cheese absolutely killed it.The ENTREE: I got the Pork Tenderlon, and I was eagerly awaiting its arrival. Paired with our choice of Bordeaux for the dinner wine, the tenderloin was delicious. Pre-sliced, it just fell over on the plate as you ate it, piece by piece. I got it cooked medium-rare, and Mes Reves did it excellently. Combined with the sweet potato and brussel sprouts (which were unreal, and I HATE BS's), this entre was absolutely perfect.DESSERT: A lovely cappuccino to finish off the meal hit the spot. Mes Reves is a bit of a hidden gem in Bloomfield, but if you want a top-notch experience with amazing French food, you need to stop in here!
<review# 203,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/26/2014,5/6/2014,37,32,10,20,11>A little background first: I called almost a dozen places until I found this place. Kevin spent the time on the phone to explain the entire detailing process to me. I could tell he really knew what he was talking about and that he would do a very thorough job. He invited me to bring the car in for an estimate instead of quoting me a price over the phone like many places randomly do.  He looked it over and assured me my car would be in good hands. The review: This old 4runner was a hand-me-down and it looked like it had been neglected for years.  The attached pic shows how clean they were able to get the cream leather interior on this truck. My friends were blown away by the results and many have asked me for the shop's contact info. They shampooed the leather seats, the carpets, the floor mats, the headliner.... This was not an easy job and they really provided EXCELLENT VALUE for the AMAZING SERVICE that was delivered. Kevin's brother Don was kind enough to drop me off nearby so I could get some reading done while they worked on my car. Don and Kevin have steadily built a nice following for their family run business.  The most impressive part is their very fair prices and how they go above and beyond to make sure you're happy with their work. Call ahead for appointments. Most detail jobs are usually done by the afternoon if you drop off the car first thing in the morning. Thanks again guys, I'll be back!
<review# 204,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/14/2014,5/5/2014,105,133,,6,4>So. Much. Fun. Another awesome Yelp Fit Club event, 1/2 ballroom 1/2 zumba. Both classes were a great workout. I'll review the event separately but wanted to give the studio it's props. Things I'm totally digging:Street parking wasn't that hard. Walkable from Hoboken , Downtown JC, & JC Heights. Great music.  Owned by a woman of color. Nicely decorated. Taught by professional dancers. Great for people at all fitness levels. Reminded me that I could actually dance and not just do the crowded club two-step. Lost one star because i'm a weirdo who is obsessive about washing my face after a workout and there's no bathroom in the studio proper (it's in another part of the building). BUT Marie said they're looking to expand and they have a great MoolaHoop crowdfunding campaign happening. I definitely plan to buy a package of classes and look forward to seeing what happens when she meets the funding goals.
<review# 205,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/15/2014,5/4/2014,182,207,,9,8>New place with nice marble floors and counters. Connie's has all the regular soda and beverage options along with Coke, Pepsi, and Sprite in glass bottles (made with sugar, not HFCS).I had their Eggplant Parmesan Sandwich and it was delectable. The roll was fresh and just what you'd expect from a deli in the NYC area. The eggplant was flavorful and the tomato sauce seemed home-made and was scrumptious. This will have to be the first stop for deli-style sandwiches in Bayonne.Not many other vegetarian options besides egg salad, mac & cheese, and other sides (fries, onion rings, and fried raviolis). Their specialty sandwiches all have meat and they look great. Would definitely try if I was still a carnivore.Connie's is  still trying to come up with inventory to stock their shelves and they are currently taking suggestions.
<review# 206,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/3/2013,5/3/2014,294,133,3,7,5>Come here for the cakes, the round cakes, specialty for their small round cakes.  My personal favorite cake here is the Hazelnut Mouse Cake.  I actually got a full-sheet of this cake for my father's birthday and it was SO good!  It literally tastes like a Ferrero Rocher, so if you are a fan of that cake, definitely get it and try!Other favorites of mine include the tiramisu, cheesecakes and the red velvet cake.  In addition, I never get tired of getting their cannolis here, so simple, yet so satisfying!And the staff is always great here, fast and attentive.   Note: If you do want to take my idea and get a full sheet of Hazelnut Mouse cake, just know that it's not on their regular order list for custom cakes, but trust me, they can make it to accommodate your wish if you ask!
<review# 207,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/7/2014,5/2/2014,248,231,2,8,7>Finally! We've been up here for 6 months and it's only now that we're truly happy with a Jamaican restaurant. The jerk chicken was perfectly cooked and spiced. The rice and peas was almost as good as my mother's. The plantain was ripe and delicious. The beef patties were spicy and seemed homemade. Which is a refreshing change from the tastee patties you get everywhere else. Not that those are not the bomb dot com... Because I'll take one off you if you've got some. I'm not joking. I don't care for cooking complicated pastries. I just can't. Anyway I digress. The curry goat, perfect! Of course it had the requisite amount of bones getting in the way of meat. But that's why you need to order a large. So whatever. The meat was tender, well spiced, and did I mention tender? You know that's important with gamy meats like goat. Lawd I'm so happy with this place. Even the price was right! By the way, I know I wrote "curry goat", but that's how true Jamaicans say it. And these are true JA people. I'm giving it only four of five stars because my husband wanted jerk pork and they don't have any. :/Go here if you want the real deal and a decent price.
<review# 208,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/24/2014,5/1/2014,97,164,,7,4>So glad there's a decent Taiwanese place so close to where we live!  We went for dinner last night, ordered a variety of items:- "e ya jian" Oyster Omelette - decent amount of oysters, served over spinach and smothered in the sweet sauce- "ji juan" Chicken Roll - crispy and light, served with the same sweet sauce that was present in the oyster omelette and taiwanese meatball below- "gua bao" Taiwan Style Burger - the buns were bigger than the size of my fist!  The two slices of pork were nicely braised and tender, the crushed peanut, pickled veggies were hidden under the meat- "rou yuan" Taiwanese Meatballs - Misleading name, since each order only contains one, with the filling made with minced pork, bamboo shoots, mushrooms, etc wrapped under an overly thick layer of skin made with  tapioca flour- "yan su ji" Salt Fried Chicken - crispy pieces of dark meat chicken with basil, mostly without bones, has a great crunch, but wish there was more seasoning- "niu rou mian" Beef Noodle Soup - big pieces of tender beef served with Shanghai Bok Choy and pickled veggies, soup was well flavored- "kong rou fan" Braised Sliced Pork Over Rice - the pork was similar to those in the "gua bao", but served over rice and some minced pork (think "lu rou fan")- "xiao long bao" Soup Buns - probably the worst item we've ordered, the skin is too thick, tasted like they were the frozen xlb's available at the grocery stores.  For some reason, we saw lots of tables ordering these.  Soup spoons would be helpful to save any soup spillage!Overall a good experience, the place filled up quick starting around 7pm, but service was swift, food came out in no time at all, we'd be back again to try the other items on the menu!
<review# 209,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/27/2014,4/30/2014,36,109,1,8,5>Lunch review. Where else can you get a high quality, 3 course, farm to table, fine dining lunch for $15!?. This lunch made me wonder why you'd ever pay ten dollars or more for fast food processed garbage. Service was great but plan on being here just over an hour for lunch (considering it's three courses). Escape is also BYOB. Apps- I started with the pork belly over greens with cranberry jam, Amazing! Wife had the butternut squash purée which she said was the best she's ever had. Entree - I went with the smoked crab and grits, which also had some fresh peas and greens. This dish was very good. I just wish that there were some bigger chunks of crab and not just the shredded pieces. Grits were delicious. Wife got the "Em Burger," which I tried but wasn't crazy about. The burger was very salty and the bun was similar to a biscuit, way to heavy for lunch in my opinion, especially  when there's 2 other courses. Dessert - Carrot cake was really good and my wife loved the cheese plate.All in all we left very satisfied and only about  $40 (including tip) poorer. I love the farm to table philosophy and would definitely encourage you to go support this restaurant. They use many local NJ farms and the quality is excellent. There is also a dinner pre-fix which I'm gonna have to try. Great overall experience and we will be back.
<review# 210,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/29/2013,4/29/2014,46,69,4,7,6>Shadman is for Indian/Pakistani cuisine professionals only!Just joking! However, if you're new to this cuisine, you might have a bit of a difficult time.If you're a beginner, warm-up your pointer finger because you'll be putting it to use. There aren't any labels next to the dishes so you'll need to at least be familiar with what you're about to eat. If not, point to the color that appeals to you the most and enjoy!There's a narrow area where the line forms and loops if there are enough people. When that area gets crowded, the people shoving trying to reach the drinks in the cooler causes a mini-mosh-pit and adds more confusion to the confused patrons.After this small intro to chaos theory 101, you'll find the price and taste of the food to be well worth the cortisol-indusing stress of the aforementioned scenarios. I had the BIRIYANI RICE and ALOO PALAK (spinach and potatoes). The long-grain style rice was savory and had a meaty taste and texture to it which makes it a substantial accompaniment to what's it paired with. The aloo palak was creamy and the potatoes were cooked through yet firm--perfect pick for vegetarians*.*While this place may be vegetarian friendly, vegans may want to be aware of the fact most of the dishes have Ghee which is clarified butter. Although the food is cooked in the kitchen and reheated in a microwave, the prices alone should be enough to give you a clue you won't be getting cooked-to-order food. It amazes me the price-to-quality ratio some Yelpers have--almost delusional.Last words: Amazing Indian food at an even more amazing prices. It's also nice to see the words Indian/Pakistani together in a peaceful connotation. Now only if I can find good quality Korean food this cheap.
<review# 211,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/5/2014,4/28/2014,228,560,3,15,9>I am pretty much a layman when it comes to Chinese food. A majority of my experience has been Chinese American takeout. The last couple of years I discovered Chengdu 23 in Wayne which is one of my favorite Chinese/Szechuan places.I am happy to report that Lan Sheng has opened up in my area. I have been there twice and have enjoyed it both times.The menu is the same menu used at the original Restaurant that is located in Midtown Manhattan. The Wallington location is on a busy street and has street parking only, although there is a small municipal lot located directly across the street (It is hard to see it, but it is right behind the evergreen trees).The soups and entrees have been great. The hot and sour soup had just enough heat to make me start to sweat and also open up my stuffy nose. I also liked the complimentary snacks they have given us. Today I was given some spicy peanuts and last time a fried pumpkin fritter (not sure of the exact name). The service has been great. the waiter suggested some Szechuan specialties for us to try.The restaurant has a small bar and they also do take-out and delivery.The location is a little tough (main street and parking may be an issue for some) but I wish them well and will definitely be heading back.
<review# 212,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/13/2014,4/27/2014,13,45,22,17,9>Have you found yourself asking sweet 8lb 6oz baby Jesus why there are no legit authentic Mexican spots in the area? Cuz I have. He answered: "Don't worry I got you boo"Blessing = El Matador Mexican DeliThis spot is straight hot fire. They are a small at the corner of Montgomery n JFK blvd across from the parkway entrance. Can be easy to miss, drive slow homie. They take a while, but such glory is worth the wait. You wanna fake the funk go to taco bell in Belleville or eat ur chicken mole in Senoritas. If you want that homemade grandma's food taste El Matador is for you.  Their tostados got the crispety, crunchety game on lock. Take down one of their steak sandwiches n you will grow hair on ur chest. Or those quesadillas n add some of that fresh hot sauce. Hmm.  Chicken, steak, or veggies they got you. When you look at the menu/prices keep in mind it's the right size portions so you are satisfied with great flavor n don't hate yourself afterwards for overindulging. They make me happy =)
<review# 213,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/18/2014,4/26/2014,342,167,2,8,8>I have definitely warmed up to this place so it's about time I write another review on it. Each of the bartenders that have served me here are super friendly.Bathrooms are also pretty clean which is a huge plus for a dive bar. Tons of space inside. On Thursdays they have karaoke night which is cool. Large TVs to watch games on.When you check in on yelp you can receive $3 cafe patron shots which is off the hook. The rest of the drink prices are also great. Still a decent crowd, never had a problem here. They also have standard bar food here,  frozen pizza (which is pretty big), wings, chicken fingers etc. that all aren't too bad. Absolutely convenient if your drinking and you get hungry.  In general, I find it to be a chill place that you can come by and relax with a nice cold beer.
<review# 214,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/12/2014,4/25/2014,265,86,8,21,13>I wrestled with the idea of posting this.  Like, a lot.  You know how sometimes you just want to keep some things your little secret?  Ultimately I've decided to not be a douche and just let this cat out of the bag.  SEVENTH STREET DELI IS DISHING OUT SOME LEGIT, UNDER THE RADAR, RAMEN.  I'm kind of obsessed with ramen right now, as is most of the NYC area.  Unfortunately for JC residents, good ramen options are sorely lacking in our city. So when I stumbled upon a suspicious looking twitpic of a simple 3 item ramen menu, I had to do some investigating.  I couldn't find anything on Yelp or elsewhere about this place, so I thought I'd go ahead and be the guinea pig.  This place is an unassuming bodega/deli with a few tables.  They've been in the location for 5 years and sell sandwiches and wraps, but just started with the ramen a month ago (according to the owner, James). It's admittedly not much to look at and I wasn't exactly pumped about eating here.They have 3 ramen choices, pork, chicken, or veggie.  I tried the $8 pork tonkatsu and was EXTREMELY surprised by how good it was.  The egg was suspiciously missing, but everything else was on point.  Nice salty/porky/garlicy broth, toothsome noodles, fresh veggies, and succulent pieces of pork (though there was very little of it).  If they start selling pork buns with that pork, I'm burning my metro card and never setting foot in Manhattan again.  It's no Ippudo or anything, but definitely will satisfy your ramen cravings.
<review# 215,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/17/2014,4/24/2014,298,150,9,12,11>Woo!  First to review about this place. It opened about 4 days ago.  I saw the sign and I was wondering what it would be but today I walked in and I was delighted! Think about the gift store across from mitsuwa that sells things all Asian girls love- hello kitty and bejeweled cellphone cases. I spent 30 minutes here and spent $25 on two pairs of Channel (LOL) earrings and a jewelry tower. WHAT A DEAL! The front of the store is full of adorable gifts and nik-naks. The back of the store is heavily discounted clothing, shoes, and accessories. I personally wouldn't buy any of these things because I am more interested about the front's goodies. I cant wait to come back to see what other cute things they will bring into Downtown Jersey City!
<review# 216,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/16/2014,4/23/2014,258,599,5,8,7>Sometimes, you eat food that is so good, that you don't care what the damage is when the bill comes out at the end of your meal. My meal at Thirty Acres was that good.The food here is rustic, yet refined. The flavors were mostly American with some Asian influences.I looked at the menu and told myself that I would go crazy with the small plates, and I did. The pickles were a variety of dill, bread and butter, and spicy.  All are good, but the dill will taste bland after eating the other two.The dish I rave about the most was the tripe. It was a perfect combination of texture; a combination of chewy, crunchy and liquid. My only complaint is that it was just a touch too spicy or it lacked some cooling element to truly make it a balanced dish.The meal was expensive, but it was worth every penny and then some.
<review# 217,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/19/2014,4/22/2014,133,153,5,8,7>One of those places where immediately after the first visit, you can't wait to return.My good friend Em B. brought us in here.  We met up late on a Wednesday night and stayed well past closing without so much as a complaint from the staff.  We were made to feel so comfortable that we just lost track of time.  Shared the large roasted butternut squash, caramelized onion and pancetta pizza (half of which was without the pancetta, so that I could enjoy it as well).  Let me tell you, the large is LARGE.  Took up one entire table.  So.  Damn.  Good. We moved on to some olive oil ice cream which tastes just the opposite of what it sounds like.  Give it a spoonful and see it disappear.  Also had a bite of a cookie that I dubbed "angel pillows".  Light, not crumbly.  Delicious.Booze is on the menu although I didn't partake this particular night.  Reading other comments about Roman Nose I spotted some references to lemon mascarpone pancakes for brunch.  I'm sold.  Can't wait to return.Fun fact:  The Smiths "Bigmouth Strikes Again" was on during our visit.  Coincidence or planned?  I got all giddy anyway.
<review# 218,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/22/2014,4/21/2014,19,132,8,10,9>Pecoraro makes what could be the tastiest bread I've ever had. I'd been meaning to check the place out for quite some time and now, living a block away, I figured I had no excuse for not hauling my tired self out of bed at noon on a Saturday and strolling on down.Pecoraro serves a pretty wide selection of breads, croissants, rolls, and stuffed breads, all of which are quite cheap. I went with a sausage bread: a decent sizes full loaf of fresh bread stuffed with sausage.The sausage, even when cold, had a nice hit of fennel but, that bread...The bread is at once crisp and fluffy, dense yet light, chewy and soft. Everything you look for in bread. Pecoraro is very highly recommended.
<review# 219,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/25/2014,4/20/2014,81,179,3,11,7>There are, literally, times I crave a restaurant in Clifton and Montclair and the only reason I don't go is because it involves sitting in Rt. 3 traffic....I WILL SIT IN RT. 3 RUSH HOUR TRAFFIC FOR THIS!!!! The Brisket and Pulled Pork are fantastic...soooo flavorful and tender. The spare ribs were very good also The wings are damn tasty and are some of the best I've ever had however, even with that said, I don't believe they are smoked wings (which is what I was hoping/expecting) and as such were a bit of a disappointment. Sides were a bit limited and confusing. You can get a very small almost taster portion of the slaws (no charge) or you can get them in a (S,M, or L) side portion. You can also add (at no charge) pickled pepper, cucumber, onion, and one or two other options.  For our sides we ordered a small (vinegar based) slaw (they had a mayo type also) and the Burnt End Baked Beans. The slaw was tasty (I prefer mayo based my girlfriend prefers vinegar...see who won...). I'm not a baked bean fan...these are awesome!!!! It may have something to do with the fact you get 60% burnt ends and 40% beans. Ready for this....you can also get beer to go?!?!?! Not in a six pack....they do Growler fills!!!! $26 will get you your choice of beer on tap filled in a MQ growler (or you can just buy a growler for $6). I'm not sure if they will fill one you bring in or what that will do to the cost.My only complaint is I'll need to join a gym to keep coming here...Seriously, when I order BBQ I like cornbread (jalapeno a plus), Mac & Cheese, and Greens (preferably Collard)....Mighty has none of these...but they would be a very welcome edition. Also, no dessert. Pie would be amazing with this! Bourbon Pecan, Key Lime, Banana Cream, or Peach anyone?!?!? Just an idea.
<review# 220,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/13/2014,4/19/2014,67,126,2,13,6>I wish I could give Marie's 10 stars for their commitment to making their customers happy.  I could go on and on about the food but the customer service I experienced and witnessed was by far some of the best I have encountered.  Firstly, we were a large party, and as the space is relatively small I considered myself lucky they would even be able accommodate us, let along on a busy Saturday evening.  We did end up waiting an extra 30 minutes for our table to clear up, but we were told it was due to a reservation mix-up or some sly party was sat under false reservation pretenses.  It kind of worked out well since some people in our party were a little late, but in no way were we left waiting and wondering.  The staff was courteous and prompt in explaining the situation and made sure to make us comfortable while we wait; providing a small table for us and glasses so we could get started on the wine.    Little did we know that we were being given large antipasto platters and rice balls on the house due to the mix up.  None of us complained or really seemed to care that much, but they made sure that we were taken care of and that goes a long way!  And to top it off it was on the table as we were sitting down.  That's how you take care of customers in my book!The food was stupid awesome.  We started out with a heaping pile of stupid fresh mussels in a white sauce as we were told they had only been picked up hours earlier.  Not sure how anyone could say no to that.  In fact, and I admit that I reheated seafood which is a leftovers sin for most, but I'll vouch for the mussels and go as far to say that they tasted fresher the next day, reheated, then the majority of mussels I've been served fresh in other restaurants.  Quality ingredients go a long way!  We also had the rice balls, which are definitely a must order, and the vodka sauce that it comes with is the bomb!For entree, I had the pork bracciole ragu which for me is my heaven - rigatoni, shredded succulent pork bracciole, a nice creamy tomato gravy, and a nice scoop of fresh ricotta.  MMMM.. seriously it was that good I made sure to leave enough to take home, which is not a problem given Marie's gigantic portions.  My wife had the Italian pulled pork, featured on DDD,  and again amazing.  Succulent pulled pork, wait am I at a BBQ joint, creamy polenta, broccoli rabe, and seriously addicting vodka sauce.  All the meals come with super fresh Italian bread which is perfect to soak up all those glorious sauces and juices.To top it off we received cannolis on the house which along with espresso make for a perfect end to a perfect meal.   Thank you Marie's for your amazing food and above all your outstanding customer service!  I can't speak highly enough of your restaurant.
<review# 221,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/23/2013,4/18/2014,308,247,3,9,7>I was so excited to try a new burger spot that is close to my house. A friend and I went in when it was peak dinner time so we grabbed a seat at the bar. The restaurant has a small, cozy feel.  And so does the menu - it has plenty of choice but not so much you can't decide.  It's obvious they stick to what they're good at. We kept it simple and went for their house burger (there were many to choose from) and tried out the sweet potato fries and onion rings. The burger was fantastic and cooked to perfection. I never realized how important a bun was to a burger till i had this one.   It was not too thick - not dry - and toasted just a bit and didn't take over the burger's amazing flavor. The Fries were great and the pale ale battered fried onion rings were insanely huge and delicious. The staff there were really friendly and had great service overall. The place was packed when we got there and when we left - and I expect it's going to stay that way.
<review# 222,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/14/2013,4/17/2014,94,74,5,10,8>The lunch special is awesome- you can get a meal for ~$15/person and it's never crowded in there, so the service is good. The lunch special: you can get a main course, soup, side, and beverage. Beverage- I recommend the chicha morada- it tastes like a fruit juice with mulled spices, served chilled in ice. Soup- Definitely go with the Aguadito de Pollo if you're not vegetarian. The Sopa de Lentejas is alright..but not something I would get if it didn't come with the special. Side- Maduros have always been a favorite of mine. Main course- I've had the Moroccan Spiced Lamb Burger in the past...I like falafel and lamb, so I liked it, but I'm not sure that I would recommend it to others. The Peruvian Beef Burger (I like mine cooked medium) was so so so good... I would order this again and again. An egg on beef can't be beaten; the maduros in the burger added the perfect amount of sweetness to the burger (and gave it a unique taste). Dessert- This is the second time that I've had the mousse de chocolate (peruvian chocolate mousse, a scoop of lucuma ice cream, strawberries and bananas)....it was amazing in the summertime, and I don't even particularly care for mousse. The lucuma flavor was interesting and refreshing...it did remind me of the kind of tutti frutti ice cream that you get in Indian stores. When I ordered the mousse today..it looked like the mousse and lucuma ice cream weren't fresh. You could even see that the top of the scoop of ice cream had been taken off the top of a container where it melted and refroze. The ice cream was just an unpalatable mess because of this..sort of gummy tasting, even though the lucuma flavor was still there. The mousse and strawberries and bananas were just as good.  Overall, I'd still recommend the mousse though...if you can, try getting it in the summertime since the ice cream will probably be more fresh.
<review# 223,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/26/2014,4/16/2014,262,408,5,11,8>My hair is very thick, copious, with a lot of body and some curl. For many stylists it is daunting and honestly not many can do an good job. Some can handle the cut so-so but can't deliver on the blow out( and I want a blow out if I'm getting my hair done). I keep my hair long so I only cut it every 4-6 months ( if I'm being good about it) and truth be told I'm lazy about it in general. I need a really really good cut so I don't have to fuss with it. I hate using too much heat etc., so I generally don't, so its gotta be pretty awesome, seriously, because well because.Enter Cha Cha. She has Years and Years of experience and it shows. I showed her a picture. We discussed the general condition of my hair ( healthy, sorta, it had been awhile and I already said I'm lazy).She got to washing and cutting. All the while I'm sipping wine, trying not to move my head to the music(seriously, it was club time but not too loud) and yapping away because everyone is super friendly an Cha Cha is an absolute doll. That's all well and good but what about my hair?Unbelievable. Pin straight when I left. Beautiful. Lush.But everyone knows the test is when you style it at home. I can honestly say I haven't had a cut like this in many many many years. Bonus: it was Valentine's Day so I got a surprise discount.The location is convenient. The decor is chic-y club-y fabulous. The staff was uber friendly. Finally, found my new salon & my stylist.Thank you Cha Cha. See you in the Summer!
<review# 224,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/3/2014,4/15/2014,149,101,4,10,5>Lordy. We came here for Bacon and Beer Wednesdays. I've traveled round the world and seen somany faces, I've also tasted plenty of bacon but this slab of savory goodness compares to no other. I literally did not want to swallow the bacon so I could avoid the sadness of not being able to chew it any longer. The bar is kind divey but a cool spot to meet up, hang out or have a casual date night. We lucked up on a comedy show which  I loved the idea of however since the place is so small, the unintersted bar stool pigeons in back overcame the comedians with their talking and general libatious laughter. eh well..I laughed a few times and even thrice outloud.Please, whatever you do, try the bacon cupcakes. Like seriously...Bacon. Cupcake
<review# 225,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/2/2014,4/14/2014,174,229,4,11,6>This is a pretty great Portuguese steakhouse located in Elizabeth.The establishment is a pretty fair size - I've never had an issue with wait times or anything, there always is open seating available. Except at the bar. The bar is ALWAYS packed no matter the time of the day...Their service is a little disorganized. If you pop in and nobody is there to seat you, it's fair enough to assume you can grab whatever table happens to be open. That's usually what I've taken to doing when coming here instead of waiting for a host or hostess. You may have to remind them for the basics - water and the like. Complimentary bread is there!The hot stone experience cooking your steak is pretty awesome, can't go wrong with that. Definitely a must try if you're coming here. If you happen to venture through the rest of their menu, if they have any specials any of those are surely recommended and their meats are to die for. Plenty of flavor, even if a bit heavy on the salt. Their food is absolutely sublime - there is not a complaint in my mind when it comes to their meals! Expect large portions and you are a champion if you manage to finish everything.Prices are excellent - definitely worth every penny and does not feel expensive in the slightest. Before coming, make sure you're prepared to circle about depending on the time that you're arriving - the parking situation is as bad as it gets given that you're stuck parking on the street. They do not have a designated lot. I've had to park a number of blocks away from the restaurant during the daytime when coming here - I can't imagine it being much better in the evening. Not much of a big deal when it's a gorgeous day out, but when it's bitter cold in the 20s it can be a little annoying... There is a private parking lot in the back, but you have to pay during the week. It is free on the weekends if not full.
<review# 226,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/12/2014,4/13/2014,143,370,5,9,7>I have to say I'm really becoming a fan of this place. We ordered delivery once on a whim and liked everything we had. Then we ended up moving only a couple blocks away, came back a little tipsy on Saturday night (aka Sunday morning) and saw it was open. Well whaddaya know? We stopped in for some grub.First off, the hours on Google aren't right. They closed at 2am Saturday, at least the night we were there. The staff were visibly exhausted, being daylight savings time and all. Poor schlubs. Next time we go I'll check the signs and update accordingly. Onward! To the food!Hot open turkey sandwich: $10 and I didn't even finish it. Very generous portion and delicious. Came with mashed, gravy, and perfectly cooked and seasoned vegetables.Buffalo chicken sandwich: $9.50 and also generous portion and delicious. Comes with 2 giant sized breaded chicken breasts on a nice toasted potato bun. We liked it so much we got it delivered and then again in person.We had gotten the burger too and the fiancee liked it but I didn't get to try it (she ate it too quick)Only negative is this place tries way too hard. We actually lol'd when we saw the sentence on the menu talking about how they were the "hippest" diner or whatever in the area. I mean, it would be one thing if it was a joke..but I'm pretty sure it was serious. Pro tip: If you have to tell people you're hip, you're probably not actually hip.But all in all, I'm pumped to have this place in the 'hood. Now that they're open late, like a true diner, you get the full experience. Keep those late hours and I'll keep coming back for some late night grub!
<review# 227,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/28/2014,4/12/2014,87,342,6,8,6>So I'm going to India, a land void of good beef. It was decided I would be feasting on the flesh of a cow before leaving. Fernandes is a bit off the main drag of the Ironbound section of Newark, but as we drove past, the smell of the grilled meats within passed through the car and tickled our senses. Parking is easy. They have a private lot. The restaurant itself could be described as rustic. The complex has an old school feel, it would be appropriate to decorate the place with the heads of trophy animals. Meal started with some blue sangria, and for sangria, it was pretty strong.Ordered the rodizio, and it was amazing. Best rodizio I've had thus far. Did not bother with the sides or the salad bar. Stand outs were the flank steak and top sirloin, but everything else was pretty good. Things I did not really like were the sausage, ham, and chicken hearts. Sausage and ham were meh. Chicken hearts were marinated in something I did not particularly like.Service was excellent. Meat after meat just kept coming. Dining partner could not keep up with them. Once they slowed down, they were happy to bring whatever items I asked for. Dessert was a whole other meal. Lava cake, red velvet cake, and tartufo were all good, but I found nothing to be particularly amazing. Generous portions though. In all, a proper send off for me before my trip. I must return to test their consistency.
<review# 228,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/18/2014,4/11/2014,55,58,4,9,7>I've been a fan of lunch from Algarve for a few years now.  The go to lunch item is the Half Chicken w/ Yellow Rice & Spanish Chips, which are homemade thin & crispy potato chips.  Just be prepared to be in a food coma after wards.  Consider yourself warned.  This place is forever packed, especially during lunch hours.  Saturdays and Sunday evening are even worse.  But the wait for pick up or if you just order in to take out is not too bad.  15 minutes max.The Tiramisu is soooooooooooooooo good. Yes 15 extra 'o's good.  Now that you have verified the number of extra 'o's let's talk Chicken.  It's your common Portuguese BBQ Chicken on the brink of being too salty but not taking the plunge.  The difference is that their chicken stays so juicy after coming out of the flames.  The skin is a mix of crispiness and savory. The meat falls right off the bone.  i always go for the half chicken even though the quarter chicken is plentiful.  I also love their Fish Fillet sandwich.  Simple but good.  It's a thin crispy fried fish fillet on a plain Portuguese roll.  Add some tarter sauce and/or their vinegar based hot sauce and you have a solid gathering of flavors just waiting to be devoured.The service is always what it should be.  Do not get scared or turned off by the straight forward no nonsense service during the lunch hours.  They are trying to get orders out as quick as possible to make everyone happy.  They will not lolly gag with you or become a spectator of your indecisiveness or lack of knowledge of the menu.  Best bet is to check out the menu on-line before calling or grab a menu when walking in step to the side and step up when your ready.I have yet to try their steak and seafood options but I here they are decent.Tiramisu not your thing? Try the Serradura (Cookie & Cream).
<review# 229,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/29/2013,4/10/2014,125,196,6,10,8>Roman Inn Has amazing sandwiches that make you wanna slap your momma their so damn good! The fedex guy has been recommending this place to me forever so I decided to try it. I ordered the Roman Inn Special Hero that comes with Ham, Capicola, salami, pepperoni & cheese with oil and vinegar, lettuce and tomato. This sandwich is huge I ordered the Whole size and its only $12.35 (AWESOME) Delivery is super fast I felt like I had just gotten off the phone with them when I look up and there's my delicious fresh hero. Next on my list to try is their in house roast beef sandwich which I'd pair with fresh mozzarella and mayo. They also have pizza which I have yet to try as well. Ill let you yelpers know when I do !
<review# 230,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/31/2014,4/9/2014,266,305,9,14,11>I have been coming here for years and they have not changed since the first time I've been here especially the food. I'm actually surprised I just got to review this place now because I would've a long time ago if I was into writing reviews back int he day. I usually will stick with what I know and love. And what I usually always get is the garlic bread to start off with. It's toasted and when they bring it out it's all wrapped in foil and then when you release it you see the fresh warm steam come up and then the strong garlic smell hits my olfactory glands like a rocky punch and then it makes my mouth salivate ready to take a bite. Its soft and does not skimp on the garlic and butter. The steak I usually go for is the 24 ounce medium rare with their traditional cooked potatoes on the side. The meat is so juicy and tasty that only a few droplets of A-1 is needed. The homemade potatoes works so well with the steak that it's probably one of the best duo's since Batman and Robin. To fight off the protein inducement you encounter you'll need the carbohydrate potato that's soft as mash potatoes but thick like waffle fries. If I lived in Hoboken I'd probably come more often but finding  parking in this neighborhood is a wickedy wickedy wickedy wack.
<review# 231,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/3/2014,4/8/2014,980,498,5,13,13>I came in here a week or so ago with my friend to look at bikes. He was buying I was making a mental wish list.This little shop is great. The owner & staff are so friendly and bend over backwards to help you. They are really knowledgeable, but not only that they are so enthusiastic & excited to talk bikes. Sure it's a business, but you can tell they take personal satisfaction when someone gets fitted properly for the right bike and walks out of their happy. I think the inventory they carry is priced right as the lines of bikes they offer are great values considering what you are getting. I was talking to one of the employees about what I ride and how I like to ride. He made a bunch of suggestions, showed me some options, and seemed really amp'd to get my bike in for an evaluation & possible handlebar upgrade. I will definitely take it here in the spring to do just that, and will update this review if the service & end product is anything less than spectacular.
<review# 232,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/24/2014,4/7/2014,266,172,4,8,6>I love tapas. I love wine. I love hanging out with friends that I haven't seen for months and one person in particular for years.   So when the opportunity came about to see everyone there was no other place that came to my mind as to where we should stage a get-together.  It was only my second time going to Spuntino but I was impressed the first time around that I knew this classy place was the right one for the job.  So I suited up (thank you Barney Stinson) and got ready for a get together that was going to be LEGEN...wait for it and I hope you're lactose tolerant cause the next word is DARY...LEGENDARY!!!  (and thank you again Barney).   Okay that was weird, but anyways this place is up there as now one of my fav spots to hang out.  First off tapas are the best creation to come out of Spain.  I mean aside from afternoon siestas of course.  Small plates, lots of wine, and conversation galore--how can you go wrong?  The décor of the place is simply sublime.  We went around 7:30 on a snowy, Sunday evening and I can tell you entering the restaurant transports you to another place altogether.  The warm glow of the lights, the cozy atmosphere, and the decorations all make it an intimate experience.  They sure know how to set the mood.Now comes the food.  Prosciutto di parma, sweet sopressata, fresh mozzarella, and prochetta Toscana all served on crostini started off the fun. Calamari, truffle French fries, arancini, and branzino crudo kept the fun going.  All these paired with a glass of pinot noir and my friends and I talked, laughed, and reminisced about the good old days and where we are now.  The food may not have been the topic of conversation, what with all that we had to talk about, but it was never out of the picture either.  We would be talking about something that happened so many years ago and then suddenly stop and say "wow that's some good branzino!"  We kept the food coming with orders of fig and prosciutto pizza, veal short ribs, spaghetti alla carbonara, and gnocchi.  This round was paired with a bottle of Chianti.  The food kept dazzling us with each small bite that we took.  The whole world seemed to melt away and my friends and I were once again young and carefree, conversing, and talking about what the future holds and all this was possible because we were fueled with delicious tasting tapas coming out of the kitchen.  Spuntino was the right choice for this awesome get-together.  I don't know when my old friends and I would see each other again, but one thing is certain if another reunion is at hand Spuntino will be at the top of the list to host it.
<review# 233,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/9/2014,4/6/2014,24,69,5,8,6>This rustic-yet-modern hyper-authentic wine and cheese locale quietly opened three weeks ago and has been met with wave after wave of Chilltown habitué looking to extinguish their burning desire for a late night tapas spot that cares about food and wine pairings as much as any similar venue you might find in Paris, Barthalona or Rome. Tucked away on 3rd Street (between Brunswick and Newark) you'll only be able to find it by seeking it's distinctly unmarked wood-paneled exterior.Upon arrival you're met by a crew of staffers that are serious about ensuring they indulge you with combinations of wine, cocktails, cheeses and small plates. It's safe to say there is nothing like it in the Village area of the city, and likely not anywhere else this side of the Hudson or even the Atlantic for that matter.Our inaugural meal consisted of the most diverse, challenging and compelling cheese plate we've ever eaten. An anchovy preparation that delectably included dill, pesto and pickled fennel awakened parts of my palate that haven't seen the light of day for years. Then on to the most incredible crab and caviar deviled egg that I can safely assure you has ever been served.The wine list is intentionally limited but robust with well informed staff able to walk you through your tastes with the verbosity of a career sommelier. They also offer some interesting olde-timey cocktails and a curated beer selection (though there is as yet no gluten-free option as is quickly becoming the norm in the area) that wraps up with a $40 bottle of cider. A price point that while initially unforeseen may have peaked my interest for future visits.I can't recommend this place enough, but I'm terrified it's success will leave me standing in line outside on my next visit.
<review# 234,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/18/2014,4/5/2014,179,127,2,9,8>I have to admit I didn't have very high expectations for a random Indian place in Hackensack but was pleasantly surprised. Came here with my mom who loves Indian food and she left very happy. The staff was super friendly and accommodating for our diets. For a Tuesday night there were enough people in the restaurant (mostly Indian) but the service was still swift. I ordered the chana masala and it was perfect. It came with basmati rice and was a great compliment to the moderately spiced chickpeas and tomato sauce. My mom ordered lamb and rice and loved it. She was afraid to order it since she has been to some places where the lamb ends up over cooked and too chewy but this place cooked it just right. With a yelp check in we also got a free dessert which they let me take home with me. I'll be very happy to come back to this place the next time I crave Indian food.
<review# 235,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/2/2014,4/4/2014,1252,1131,4,9,7>A great find in Chatham. Malayasian/Asian food that is gluten free. My wife and I have been here a few times. We always start out with the DAGING ISTIMEWA - crispy pork shreds tossed in sweet sesame vinaigrette sauce. We generally fight over who will have more. For entree's we change it up. Some good choices are: Thai Spicy Beef (a great kick on a traditional dish), Pad Thai (a good alternative if you are jonsing carbs and peanuts) and Beef with Hot Peppers (stir fired with scallions to add another layer of flavor). It's BYOB so bring a bottle of wine (avoid the liquor store nearby...their staff sucks). Service is very good here. Only a couple of servers but they are prompt and attentive. ENJOY!
<review# 236,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/30/2013,4/3/2014,1455,389,10,7,6>I challenge you to find a bigger piece of pizza that is not: -An entire pizza in and of itself-Purposely meant to be shared-Oily, soft, oozy, gross, not fun.The bright lights of Benny's draw you in...and all you need is a cool $3 and you'll walk out with a mega slice.Not only is it mega, but it is really, really good.  Somehow the cheese doesn't become basically oil, or drip all over you, and it manages to be just crispy enough the whole way around.  Its full of fats, carbs, and I think it has a bit of extra gluten thrown in for good measure.  Classic, old school pizza.A drunk person's delight, Benny's is open until...well, let's just say i've never seen it closed.  Even during Sandy, when I was finally able to kayak (not really, but I would have if I had a kayak) out of my apartment....it was open again!And yes - there is seating and many people go there to grab a seat, a beer, and a mega helping of all things italian.  I'm a fan of the meatball sub - just as big as you would think, and all the meaty, cheesy, bready goodness you would expect from a place that pushed out face-sized pizza.Crap.  Now I want a slice.
<review# 237,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/19/2014,4/2/2014,440,673,4,9,5>To be a Montclair resident and not try The Pie Store is somewhat a sin in my book. It's an absolute gem! Visiting this little place is just like traveling to London and back minus the 14 hour flight round trip. They have a small but excellent selection of savory and sweet pies, some of which are only available during the weekends so be sure to check their website. The savory pies waft at your nose the second you open their door, and taste just as good as soon as you reheat them in the oven. In addition to the pies, they also have wall to wall shelves of British and Aussie goodies; Cadbury chocolate, Walker potato chips, canned mushy peas, PG tea bags, Vegemite, Bounty, name a non-perishable good and it's probably here. Definitely try the Steak & Ale, Chicken Madras,and the Banana Toffee or Banoffee Pie as both are at the top of my list. The chocolate mousse is a close second; I prefer a more light and fluffier mousse than what they sell. Over all I would have to say that anything with their pie crust is a solid choice and what sets them apart from other pie/pasties. It's so flaky!!! The prices are not the cheapest, but well worth every bite!
<review# 238,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/5/2014,4/1/2014,141,83,6,13,10>Visited mood' wiches last night for a quick bite to eat before some shopping at Trader Joes. I ordered the hot and dirty bowl with grilled chicken. With my drink it came out to 12 bucks and I felt this was overpriced. But when I got my food all those feelings went away.First off, the bowl was huge. More than enough for for one person. It consisted of quinoa, veggies, potatoes, chicken, a little cheese, jalapeno and chimichurri. It was honestly one of the most delicious things ive had in a while. Half way through though I bit into what I hope was a small piece of plastic. It really grossed me out but they were pretty gracious about it, apologized and offered my friend and I free coffee to make up for it. My friend ordered the chicken pesto sandwich on foccacia and it was really good too.So I was totally debating between 4 and 5 stars because of the plastic thing but I have taken enough food management classes to understand shit happens. And when it does all I ask is for good customer service which I felt I got. Even though it was kinda disgusting I am willing to give this place another shot. Because of my servsafe certification I am always stalking a places kitchen and theirs looked pretty clean.
<review# 239,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/21/2014,3/31/2014,151,162,11,9,7>Get ready to whip out your.....Google Translate app when you come to this northern Chinese, Korean-influenced BYOB char-grilled skewers restaurant. The menu is entirely in Chinese characters so you're going to need a handy app that lets you write characters on your phone and instantly translate them. Better yet, have a friend/coworker who can readily read Chinese come with you!We didn't have that, so we spent a good fifteen minutes trying to decipher the menu. Be careful not to let the nice waitress try to take advantage of you by offering suggestions, which will just be the most expensive choices. (I know what you're up to.)Despite all the trouble with the menu, it was worth it to get our skewers. We got (and I recommend you trying to describe to the waitress):- bacon wrapped enoki mushrooms- thin pork belly slices- straight-up beef chunk skewers- straight-up lamb chunk skewers- chicken hearts and liver (if you're a little adventurous)We also ordered some veggie dish that came with pork. (That one was good, but not worth $14.)The fun part is grilling the skewers on the rack over the charcoal. For those who have been to yakiniku places like Gyu-Kaku in the city, this is NOT like Gyu-kaku. This is straight up turning your skewers over charcoal, and it is more rough and caveman-like. BUT it is fun, and if you've brought some beer, it goes perfect with fresh grilled meat!P.S. The fobs are going to be the toughest critics here shhh. They have the highest expectations but want to pay the lowest prices. *braces self for fob backlash*
<review# 240,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/21/2014,3/30/2014,474,598,3,13,8>Zero decor, cash only, no reservations accepted. Fantastic, authentic Italian food, and warm, genuine, wonderful service, BYOB. Yeah that still deserves five stars in my book.Warmly greeted at the door and escorted to a table, we were quickly brought more bread than we could possibly manage (not complaining) - which was just delicious. It was served with decent quality olive oil and a couple slices of complimentary tomato bruschetta. Salads were really yummy with a fresh vinaigrette that i loved. We were working on full at the end of the salad round.When the appetizer we ordered was brought to our table, we started laughing. We had selected a proscuitto, mozzarella and tomato appetizer. It was easily enough for 6 as an app. Piled high with proscuitto, it could have been sufficient with a couple soups and salads as the full meal for us both. The quality of the ingredients was exceptional. I loved that it was just dressed with traditional olive oil, although he would have also preferred balsamic with it (I have no doubt they would have brought some if he asked). Honestly, we finished almost all of it, but were afraid when our entrees arrived that we wouldn't be able to handle it!Entrees did not disappoint. My lasagna was not what I expected, but it was excellent. It celebrated the pasta - the obviously homemade noodles - over all else. It was mostly noodles and sauce, with some meat and cheese, and was really soul-satisfying all 4 nights that I got to enjoy it (yes, that large). I'm pretty sure he won the entree competition again with a spinach manicotti in vodka sauce special that was divine. Fortunately, he let me try a couple bites before licking his plate clean.We declined dessert but were treated to little complimentary cannoli anyway. I'm not a cannoli person, but these were really good.So glad we checked this place out finally!
<review# 241,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/14/2013,3/29/2014,372,267,6,13,10>If youre looking for a quick snack, with many different types of options based on what you like to eat, youve found the right spot. Although this place is really small, they carry quite a few different types of empanadas. One of the main things that i really loved about these empanadas are the crust and shell of them. They were crunchy, but soft..that basically melted in your mouth. They were so flaky and delicious, i hate when i eat an empanada and the shell is too hard and overcooked that i taste more of the outside rather than the inside.I am telling you to get the lobster and/or the mushroom one. I dont eat beef, pork, or chicken but i assume those are awesome too. The mushroom had big chunks of mushrooms with a creamy sauce that just dribbled out. Surprisingly, there was a fair share of lobster in the one i had. You can actually taste it! After i ordered mine, i saw there was a truffled lobster mac n cheese one, my heart stopped...i WILL try this next time. I had the shimp one also, it wasnt terrible but i felt the shrimp tasted like frozen shrimp and i tasted more pepper in the mix.Lastly, i will always save room for dessert. The Smores dessert empanada was amazing. Who couldnt drool over nutella and marshmellow and graham cracker melted together?  Ugh, orgasm in MY MOUTH.Theyre reasonably priced and hey guess what, they even have a lunch special! 3 emps and a soda for $6, thats a deal even a cheap ass like me wouldnt turn down!Get your booty over here!
<review# 242,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/4/2014,3/28/2014,365,507,15,24,17>**500th Review**Hands down the best steak I have eaten.  They cut my porterhouse to the perfect size after getting a feel for how hungry I was and how big of a steak I wanted.  The Chef told us all about his meat and the racks of steak aging behind us.  He then cooked it as per his own recommendation. (always go with the chefs recommendations).Let me tell you... this steak was like BUTTTER!  If I didn't watch him cut the steak and bring it to the grill... i would have sworn it was drenched in butter... but it wasn't.. it was just the amazing flavor of the fat from the aging process that gave the meat such an amazing rich flavor.  And it was so tender. The steak was about 1.5 inches think... I had no problem just peeling it apart with my hands.
<review# 243,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/11/2014,3/27/2014,139,1138,9,17,13>In under a year, the Hoboken coffee cart duo, Travas and Justin, also known as the mod men of modcup, turned brick at mortar. How exciting is that?! And the truck is still on the way AND the cart will be out again once this bloody winter is over. I still remember my first visit to the men of modcup when they were a little cart that could. Hell, I even remember the first time I heard of them! I was back home in Cali and it was via twitter. Once I got back to the JerZ, I was so excited when I was walking to work one day and there the cart was. It only took that one visit to get me hooked. Their coffee is unbelievably, hands down, the best coffee you will ever drink. You will soon find yourself buying beans and an aeropress (which they now conveniently sell at their NEW Cafe!) so you can make their coffee when you're not able to be near. The next reason I became a loyal modcupper, is because of the service. My most solid relationship these days is with my baristas and I'm happy my mod men are it. You are not just a customer with them, you become family. The sense of community they bring is untouchable. Their new cafe in the heights with that damn gorge city view, is the perfect spot. Quaint, cozy, and oh so mod. Start up a convo, don't be shy, they probably have already started one up with you. But if you get to know these gents on the level that I so lucky enough have gotten to, you will see bits of each of their personalities in this cafe. Which truly makes the growth of the mod empire special. Tunes will always be playing via vinyl. Post up on the cushiony bench seating and enjoy your bevies, or sit at the counter seating which was geniusly built lower for better customer interaction. It's the details guys, it's the details. I have yet to have a coffee that has not made me swoon. I can never have just one as I always start with a Cortado. The Kenyan is my favorite via chemex. Sumatra via aeropress. Their cold brew has ruined all other cold coffees for me. So it's a blessing they sell their concentrate by the bottle. If coffee is not your thing, do the Chai. I repeat, DO THE CHAI. Or if you're daring, dirty your chai up. I can go on, and on, an on, about how great your coffee experience will be but I want you to experience the mod experience yourself. So get there. Don't make excuses. I take the 84P on weekends from Weehawken just to get my coffee fix. And it's only a $6 uber ride from Hoboken. Are you on your way yet???
<review# 244,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/8/2013,3/26/2014,128,106,1,9,6>A lot has changed since this place first opened many years ago.......ITS DELICIOUS. WHY DIDN'T WE COME BACK EARLIER *facepalm*Came in with my mama for Sunday lunch and it was pretty filled up!! Mama got the Champon ramen (topped up with a veggie stirfry with shrimp and pork) and I got the batten ramen. Very large portion- so large to the point my mama almost couldn't finish her bowl. For the batten, the broth was a very good balance of being rich, but not overpowering. The broth for the champon was a bit sweeter, probably from the natural sweetness from the onion/cabbage in the stirfry. The chashu (roast pork) in the batten was tender, despite it being a very large chunk of meat-  a very good balance of fat and meat.We had a coupon from Japion (japanese newspaper) for 5 free gyoza. The gyoza, while small, were very good. (its so hard to find really good homemade gyoza these days!)Will definitely be back, hopefully on a weekday to check out their weekday specials.***CASH ONLY****
<review# 245,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/16/2013,3/25/2014,100,82,4,10,6>This place was lovely. A little gem in Tenafly -- did not see anything remotely as nice for miles around. The restaurant is beautifully and tastefully designed and decorated. The upstairs -- more spacious and quiet -- has large window for beautiful views of....Well, that's why it lost a star for me. A restaurant which provides a wonderful meal and evening all around, is lost on a street where across the way is a generic strip mall. Location is definitely a buzzkill. (Do not bring someone here on a first date. The lack of good segue to a bar would put a damper on your flow.)The food was fantastic! Traditional Greek appetizers were great; cannot go wrong.I ordered the roasted chicken dish (my go to at any new restaurant) and it was sublime. Hearty, unctuous, rich...now I know why I ought to write reviews right afterwards; so I still have the leftovers to eat. That being said, I sense an update to this review in the near future.*Shibin M.'s review for this restaurant is great! Check out his page for exceptional detail and menu preferences.*
<review# 246,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/26/2013,3/24/2014,219,355,,11,4>I have only been once but will definitely come back.  It was a little tricky finding it because I didn't know Anderson Avenue has two one way streets for a portion of its length.  There is a little parking lot in the back and I found street parking too.  The place is cute, clean and has a couple of products for sale in the front.  I should have bought a harness while I was there but totally forgot because both of my dogs came out looking so cute.Jean was calm and very kind to my foster, who was an abused stray, apprehensive with new people and probably hasn't been groomed for a very long time (if ever).  For that alone, I will continue to come to Puppy Love.  While Dylan (my foster) needed to be completely shaved down, Duncan (my dog) came out looking perfectly coifed in his Maltese puppy cut.  Pricing was very reasonable. I'm pretty fussy when it comes to dog groomers but I'm a fan of Puppy Love.
<review# 247,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/10/2013,3/23/2014,79,296,,8,3>They have a mid week (Tuesday thru Thursday) $42 four course price fixed menu which is about the best price fixed selection I have ever seen.  If you want to skip dessert than it is $39 for appetizer, soup or salad, and a main course.  Based on the vast selection in each category, and the quality of the food, I thought it to be an outstanding value.  I started with the seafood tacos which was was just about large enough to be a main course.  Two tacos loaded with chunks of I think cod with a very hearty chipotle sauce.  My wife had a dish with a couple of Greek specialty dips.  I tried them and they were excellent. For the salad course, we shared both a Caesar and another salad whose name escapes me but both were very good.    She had the cioppino for her main and I had a blackened mahi.  The mahi was a little dry.  She thoroughly enjoyed her dish.  The gentleman that served us was terrific.  The food was excellent.  I think I was mainly blown away by the variety of selections on the menu.  And, they were the regularly sized dishes, unlike some places in NYC where the price fixed menu (particularly during restaurant week) are downsized versions.  Another plus for dining here mid-week is it's a lot quieter than on the weekend where the noise level in the back dining room can be a little hard to take.
<review# 248,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/7/2014,3/22/2014,475,804,10,14,12>One of the things that makes working late bearable is I like to hit up Taco Truck on my way home, because who wants to start cooking at 9 PM?  I was salivating on the Path thinking about the shrimp tacos..... only to find Taco Truck re-tooled the menu and no more shrimp tacos!  Why god why?  Please taco powers that be...... Please bring back the shrimp tacos!!!!!!!  Amen.Bloss C.'s Love Letter to Shrimp Tacos (RIP):Not many places have shrimp tacos; you were unique among taco slingers for having them.  May I even go so far as to say distinguished?  Not only did you have them on your menu, but you did them better than I've had anywhere else.  For Reals.  The grilled shrimp were perfect, light, and had that wonderful smokey flavor from grilling.  The guacamole and onions on top complimented the shrimp so well.  Truth be told...... and we're being truthful right?......... I was never a fan of the pineapple salsa; it was too sweet for my taste.... But no worries, I never had any problems substituting the pineapple salsa with the fresh green salsa.Shrimp Tacos, you will always be first in my heart,Shrimp Tacos, i will remember you kindly, Shrimp Tacos,i will keep your memory alive in the hearts of others,oh, Shrimp Tacos how I will miss you,eternally***UPDATE......Good News! Response from Taco Truck below***"Luckily, we didn't take the shrimp taco off the menu forever.  We will be offering them seasonally, available starting in July."Three Cheers for Taco Truck!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!­!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
<review# 249,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/10/2014,3/21/2014,301,317,5,11,9>WOOOOHOOOOOOO!I was just rolling, skating thru that place like i was in some type of old school movie and having me a blast! I am so happy I finally got to do this since its been so long and sure made me miss skating, and I'm talking about 4 wheels not the new school rollerblades, Im talking about old school skates which are the best and classic!Came here on a Friday night with my mom and family since we love to skate and we had us a good time, we got to the place theres a private parking lot, they charge you $10 to skate and $4 for skate rental, there is lockers for 75cents to put your things away and out to the rink you go! There is a live DJ and cool lights and disco ball and you just show off those moves. It was lots of fun and age appropriate for all kids and adults. There is a arcade area, mini food area and bar also.Adult nights is Saturday nights which is 21+ and its $20 for skating and rental and you have 70's and 80's music with LIVE DJ and theres also a full bar! So I will def. be checking that out soon and see how that goes down!  Got my white skates with pink wheels and my pom poms on! Taking it back old school even though I am not that much older but I love skating and it was totally fun!
<review# 250,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/30/2013,3/20/2014,16,114,4,7,5>I am kicking myself.  Been living in Weehawken for 4 years and have never been here.  Seriously, this place is a find!In laws were up from PA and wanted to go for Cuban food.  I used my trusty Yelp app to find this place.  We got there about 530 on a Sunday.  They have a parking lot, but it's small and really is the Wild Wild West of parking lots, people making there own parking spaces etc.  I suggest that if you come with a group and need to drive there, try to pile into the same car.  You'll thank me later for that tip.Once we got inside we needed to leave our name and waited about 30 mins for a table.  The area where you wait is pretty small and we ended up waiting outside.  The decor is nice, decorated to look like only what I can assume Cuba looks like.  It is a little small and overall just loud.  The music is loud and everyone talks above the music, making it louder.  Not a place for a quiet dinner.Once we were seated staff came over quickly.  They speak both Spanish and English.  Husband and I each had a red sangria ($6 each, bargain).  They were good.  Would have had more than one but it was a Sunday.  To start we had the Rumbarito (sampler plate) and tostones rellenos stuffed with ground beef.  Rumbarito was pretty much all fried foods (as expected) but very tasty.  The tostones rellenos was nice as well.  Those 2 apps were a lot of food for 4 people.For dinner MIL had the Cuban sandwich, which she enjoyed.  She ate half and took the rest home.  I had the ropa vieja, and it was pretty much the best ropa vieja I ever had.  Full of flavor, and huge portion, served with rice and beans.  I couldn't finish it so I took it home and ended up eating it for dinner the next day.  Husband had a pork dish (can't remember which one) which was also really good and also ended up as Mondays dinner.  FIL had the lechon asado that he thouroughly enjoyed.  Throughout it all, service was fantastic.Oh, and this feast was $60 total.  Whaaaatttt!?!?!?!!  Amazing value for money!In summary-It's a popular joint, so be prepared to waitParking may be roughIt's LOUD in there.  Don't say I didn't warn youStaff is friendly and on the ballHuge portions and deeeeelicious food!Amazing value for $$$!!!!Def go here to get your Cuban fix!
<review# 251,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/15/2013,3/19/2014,137,143,2,10,7>After recently moving to Lyndhurst I have been doing a ton searching and trying out a lot øf The local eateries in the downtown rutherford n lyndhurst area.One of things i miss most is not being very Close or at least as Close to some of my favorite places to eat KFC. That being Peck Peck Chicken in Teaneck.About 2/3 weeks ago I learned that another popular KFC, BOOM BOOM originally from Fort Lee had recently opened a second post in the downtown Rutherford area.I was pretty psyched to hear this and Placed an order for 20 wings to go with mozzarella Sticks and a side øf fries.The wings Can be mixed how you like it. They offer two kinds of sauces - the standard soy garlic and The spicy variety which has a base øf a pepper similar to the kind found in saracha. The wings Can further be mixed with wings and drumettes and/ or with actual large drum sticks. It is pretty rare to find larger pieces offered in this style. Typically wings are The only pieces offered Since they fry The quickest and typically offer The Best results when being double fried.The wings here like most other KFC's Are double fried. The method used helps allow The wings skin fat to render out, cooking The wing thoroughly and The second passing helping The skin Fry to an extremely crispy Paper thin Shell. The crispness remains Even After The sauce is Applied and although they Are saucey in flavor they Are the farthest from messy. The retain flavor right Down to the bone.The flavor profile is similar yet very Unique compared to Peck Peck or say Bøn Chon. The consistency is also a bit different as well.Where as The wings at Bøn Chon Are more liquid which then is soaked right up by The wing Which remains crispy. The wings at Boom Boom have more øf a thickness in the sauce which remains as much out as it does within The skin. If that makes any Sense.The flavor øf garlic and soy Are the most prominent flavors with possibly Brown sugar and Honey being The sweetners that i taste when The sweet aspect øf The wings flavor profile come through.Overall they Are a Unique Korean Fried Chicken wing with a Unique set øf choices and side dishes not many offer.They Are diffently The Best choice for Great wings esp and in reality The only option for the Korean variety in the general downtown Rutherford area. In terms øf the options in the North NJ region in a 15 mile radius they Are still a top contender yet I still Place Peck Peck as king øf the NJ Korean Wing Wars.
<review# 252,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/20/2013,3/18/2014,99,85,2,8,5>I think we found our new go to place for wings and football.  My husband loves wings, and Football Sundays are really his days, so I suggested we check this place out. I really like the feel of Joe's. There are cozy booths along the wall and hightop tables around the bar.  It's open, airy and clean. They play all the games, at least it seems, even Redskins which is our team (native Virginians here). The wings are the best we've had on the Island.  They are really big and cooked perfectly, says my wing expert husband. I think they have at least ten or twelve different flavors and all of them sound good. We got buffalo and teriyaki, both excellent and we'll certainly be back to try the spicy peanut butter and the garlic parmesan flavors. Nachos were pretty standard bar fare but the chili on top stood out. Staff was really nice! We will definitely be back!
<review# 253,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/31/2013,3/17/2014,84,106,4,10,6>I hate to say this, but... it might be better than my mom's cooking hahaha seriously...this place has a lot of variety, lots of snacks. all types of korean food; MEATS, soups, salads, etc etc. everything is freaking awesome, cant go wrong anything you grab, unless if youre allergic to things i guess. the price is verrry reasonable for the amount of food you get. hwedupbap (raw fish mixed with rice and vege's) goes for 7 bucks and its good for 2 people or 2 meals. its amazing. there is a 10 dollar minimum on card, but 10 dollars of food here is like 2-3 meals, so make sure youre hungry.AND after 8pm or so, they start marking things down by 30% so make sure to check that out. probably the best find in a food store ever. food is always newly cooked everyday and they don't like having too much left over hence the 30% discounts.
<review# 254,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/12/2013,3/16/2014,128,167,7,11,6>To the couple at the next table who I overheard saying that this was their first time eating Thai food: 1) You will be very disappointed when you go to an average Thai restaurant and expect the same quality as Imocha.  2) Even though this was your first time and my XXXXth time (Is that pretentious?), I do agree the Thai food here is excellent.  3) You really need to get out more. Imocha has some of the best Thai food in the area.  The owners are a husband and wife team originally from Thailand.   Imocha is the husband's last name.  She works the front of the house, he's the chef in the kitchen.  She told me they keep the flavors traditional but tweak the presentation a bit to cater to the locals (i.e. the couple mentioned above).  Smart, if you ask me.We started off with the Tom Kha Gai, coconut milk soup with chicken, which was full of lovely flavors - lemongrass, lime, mushrooms, chili, cilantro, just to name a few.  The broth could have been a bit thicker though.  What was also tasty was the Little Mermaids appetizer - whole shrimp rolled in a wonton wrapper then fried, served with sweet chili sauce.  It was fun to eat, too.What really stood out was the DUCK CURRY.  Didn't think duck and curry could go together, but this dish made it work.  Loved how the duck was served on top of the curry so the skin remains crispy and the curry was bursting with flavor, sweet, spicy, and yummy.   The Drunken noodles with beef was also prepared very well. Beef was tender, noodles were not overly soft, and veggies cooked just right. Nice amount of heat as well.Didn't have dessert but the Thai ice tea was refreshing and not super sweet. I can't wait to go back and try more dishes.  And to anyone else who is looking to try Thai for the first time, the food here may possibly be everything you dreamed of and more.   Be adventurous.
<review# 255,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/8/2014,3/15/2014,257,123,5,14,9>Last night, I came home from a long, cold day at work to frozen pipes. Worst nightmare ever during this time of year. STUPID POLAR VORTEX I HATE YOU. Anyway, only one bathroom was affected, the other one and the kitchen sink were fine so my family and I lucked out a bit. Of course, it was MY bathroom that was affected though. My parents didn't want to call our old plumber because he's slow and they don't like him. So, I asked my cousin for help and he recommended Titanium Plumbing and Heating instead because its his friend Rob's company. Well, Rob is really excellent. I called him today and he said he'd be available at 1 and showed up 10 minutes early. I wasn't home while he was there but my parents were and they said he was nice and helpful. He fixed the pipes in about half hour, called me when he was done and gave me advice on how to prevent this from happening. Apparently, there's more to it than just keeping your heat on 70 degrees. Seriously, who knew. Anyway, Rob really helped us out in a tight spot and was able to come at the drop of a hat. I was very afraid our pipes would burst too so we needed him immediately. I appreciate his help immensely. My family and I have officially found ourselves a new, competent plumber. Hooray :).
<review# 256,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/10/2014,3/14/2014,149,86,10,15,13>Earlier this week, my supervisor flew in from Boston and wanted to go out for lunch with the rest of my crew but it was seriously freezing outside. Tito's to the rescue!!! I placed an order at their Tuesday opening time of 11am and the order arrived with real door-to-11th-floor-hospital-office-door delivery service in time for lunch. I received a call before the delivery person left the restaurant then again, when they arrived at my workplace. Who does all that?For lunch that day, I had super-cute Mini Shape Quesadillas with ground beef, a dependable, marinated Steak Taco (see my previous review), some of my work wife's fries with a tangy chipotle dipping sauce, and a cold Jarritos Mandarin soda. Deliciously satisfying! Our group order for 6 folks came with a giant bag of homemade fried tortillas which remain crisp a few days later. Gnosh gnosh gnosh!Over the past month, I've been really into their wings, particularly their Gnarly Wings which are a little tart and spicy (the orange-colored kind) and  their Hot Sticky Sweet Wings that are indeed sticky and sweet with a honey glaze and a hint of habanero. While I'm a big fan of these wings, their sweet, tasty Aloha Wings remain my favorite.I've had a really hard time finding a fish taco around New Jersey and Tito's does it really well. Their Fish Taco has lightly battered/fried tilapia with shredded cabbage, limey cilantro sauce, and salsa in a double crispy/soft shell. Really well-balanced and fresh! Tito's never disappoints, especially on a cold-ass winter day!!!
<review# 257,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/3/2014,3/13/2014,156,84,34,42,38>You've heard enough about the wine, I'll tell you about the craft beer. This is my defacto local liquor store and I'm lucky that it is. I'll stop by about once a week to check out the beer selection since they don't do beermenus.com. Graham is the beer meister at this facility, and he's very helpful and knowledgeable. He updates the big board on the front wall with the latest and featured beers, and there may be some very rare beers that he doesn't even put out, so ask him if you're looking for anything specific.As for the beer selection, it's the very last row on the left as you walk in the entrance. On the shelves, there are a wide variety of single bottles, mostly of the bomber 22 ounce variety. They range from domestic to international craft beer with just about every country represented. Opposite the shelves, are refrigerators holding the lambics and some select bombers. Along the back wall are a bunch of refrigerators holding the major labels, Buds, Millers, Coors, etc. Move to the right and there are six or four packs of domestic craft beers, for example, dogfish Burton baton or double jack from Firestone walker.I do like my beer with cheese, so my nose follows that stink to the right when you walk in the entrance. There you can sample as many cheeses as you like and they even give you a little piece of bread to eat with the cheese. Sometimes there is a featured cheese table where you can get detailed info and samples on cheeses from a particular farm.So, what are you waiting for? Check this place out!
<review# 258,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/21/2014,3/12/2014,62,132,5,9,7>Came through here again as I often to do. Much of my previous review remains the same, but there were 2 big changes which spurred this update.1. They seem to have improved their kalbi marinade. It is much less plain than it was before, comparable now to other restaurant's kalbi. Assuming things stay the same I can now unabashedly recommend the kalbi here. 2. They took their miracle kimchi (the MukEunJi) and have improved on it by giving it a spicy kick! The spice doesn't over power the great original flavor but merely introduces a little spark of spice. As I mentioned in another review, this MukEunJi kimchi is like kimchi on steroids, still haven't had any other kimchi like it and it is still amazing. Service was still top notch. Glad to see they are focused on continuous improvement!
<review# 259,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/21/2014,3/11/2014,66,173,3,7,5>I got my mattress and bed frame at Bruce the Bed King and I have been very happy with my purchase.  The entire buying experience was great.  When it comes to a bed, I am pretty easy to sell, since I appreciate the value of a good night's sleep. For my mattress prior to this one, I walked into a mattress store and said "I want a really comfortable mattress".  The sales person at that store took me over to a nice one, I thought it was comfortable and purchased immediately.  That's just an illustration for how easy it is to sell me when comfort is involved.  We went to Bruce the Bed King and Bruce helped us personally.  I was getting a mattress for a new house, so I wanted to upgrade from full size to queen.  As a result, I also needed a new bed frame.  I wanted something really nice, since it's really a one-in-a-lifetime purchase.  Both phases of the transaction were a delight.For the mattress, I explained to Bruce what I was looking for.  I was interested in the temperpedic.  I was concerned, however, because I had heard that they get too hot.  I also wanted a firm bed that would not hurt my back.  He showed us another brand they carried that is great quality. He also explained that another option was a combination of memory foam and latex.  I tested a few and found one I liked.  I love this mattress.   I could easily have spent more, but Bruce pointed me to a great bed that was better priced than the Temperpedics.  I am so comfortable falling asleep and never wake up sore from the mattress.For the bed frame, I opted for a Wesley Allen.  They have so many options on display.  The Wesley Allen mattresses are iron beds, made in the US.  They have so many designs available.   There are also numerous finishes, so you can truly customize your bed to whatever you like.  The beds are REALLY sturdy. They are heavy too, so they'd be a bit of a pain to move.  I hope I won't need to do that for a while, but I do love my bed.  Bruce took us through all of the customization options.The delivery men were a little rude, but I guess most delivery men are.  Overall, the experience in the store was great.  Bruce was very honest and steered me towards a great value, not the highest priced item.  I highly recommend Bruce the Bed King.
<review# 260,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/23/2013,3/10/2014,60,59,3,12,5>At first i was a little skeptical about this place. The flyer advertises pick up and drop off services for grooming. I called and made an appointment with the woman on the phone for my pet to be picked up and groomed, the day of my appointment no one ever came for the pick up and no one ever called me to let me know what was going on, i never bothered calling them neither. Waiting another day i decided to walk into the place, I was then told they weren't offering the pickup/drop off service yet (so i don't know why the woman on the phone would schedule my dog for one). I then made an appointment to bring my dog in for his grooming session. I dropped of my dog and met the gentleman that actually does the pet grooming, he was very nice and friendly, he had my dog all ready within 1 hour and i was very pleased with the service. Besides the little mishap that happened in the beginning I am pleased with the service and i will be returning for my pets needs.
<review# 261,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/21/2014,3/9/2014,287,80,8,14,11>When it comes to authentic Irish pubs, I know my shit. I've practically grown up in Ireland and definitely know my ways around legit pubs. Blackjack comes pretty damn close! I love the set up they have, high bar tables against the wall, walkway in the middle, and the bar on the other side. I hate going to some bars and the tables are set up so awkwardly. This place is perfect for a night out with a group of friends. My friends and I randomly decided to come here on a Tuesday night. This was my second time coming here. Just so happened it was the pub's anniversary!!!! There was a DJ and free appetizers being passed out by the waitresses. Perfect night to come stumble in!! We sat ourselves in the back, which is kind of like a separate section, but not necessarily segregated from the rest of the bar, which is nice. This room reminds me of a private movie theater, the projector screen is HUGE and very VERY sharp quality. The owner noticed I was mesmerized by the Devil's game on the bar TVs when I walked in, so he put the game on the projector screen for my table! Marc, very nice personable guy. After a short conversation with the owner, next round was on him! EXCELLENT, FEED THE IRISH MORE DRINK! I ordered the corn beef sliders (duh I'm so Irish), which were AMAZING! And with a dash of mustard the sliders became even MORE AMAZING!! They have a happy hour every single day from what I can remember. Tuesday is prime rib night for $12.99! I'll definitely be coming someday soon for that deal!
<review# 262,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/26/2014,3/8/2014,285,181,1,7,5>Came here for a brunch after taking my daughter to LSC to see the Bob the Builder exhibit with Ebeth, my mom and step-father. Had a 12pm reservation. We were greeted warmly and seated immediately. Melissa, our waitress was cool, friendly, attentive and  helpful through our the entire experience. The food was delicious and everyone had compliments for their plates. I had the chicken and waffles which was good. The chicken was tender and perfectly fried, but the waffle was a little underwhelming. It couldn't stand up to a syrup soaking and fell apart. Now if the waffle was sturdy like their french toast it would have been better. Hey, I liked the dish, and ate every bite because of the slaw. The slaw came as a side dish and was fresh, creamy crunchy and flavorful. It really elevated the chicken and waffle dish from ho-hum to YUM. Ebeth's French toast was amazing, THICK, not too sweet, encrusted in corn flakes and adorned with bananas. Jealous? You bet! My mom had the Victorian omelette  with nothing but praised for it. She noted that the cucumber salad side was also very good. So props to whoever makes the side salads, they are great, and an often overlooked part of a dish. My step-father had the Gaucho Eggs ( which was my first choice had I not been craving chicken and waffles). It looked spot on delicious with a fried egg over a tortilla, and he had no complaints there. My daughter had a grilled cheese and fries which she devoured. I had a bite. The sandwich was perfectly grilled on thick country white bread with crispy fries.The only negative, and certainly not a detractor for coming here, the Bloody Mary's were a bit too close to cocktail sauce, harsh. I choked it down, decided against a 2nd and drank coffee, which, by the way, was excellent.Overall I love this place and will return for sure, because they do a fantastic brunch. Great food, lovely ambiance, friendly attentive staff, good for kids at an affordable value puts one in the big win column for Amelia's Bistro.I can't wait to return and try their charcuterie  and Mac and cheese on a date night.
<review# 263,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/8/2013,3/7/2014,280,185,5,12,6>My husband and I tend to avoid Italian restaurants and pizzerias, but thankfully, he caved to my craving for artisan pies, because this place knocked both our socks off.To start, we got the zucchini crisps, which the waitress told us were the most popular item on the appetizer menu - and I can see why. They were amazing! Cripsy, not too thin, not too thick, and dipped in chili pepper dipping sauce. They disappeared before you could spell "zucchini" (I know it can be a tough word though, you know, is it two Cs? Two Ns? Where does the H go?)...We ordered the pancetta, farm egg & potatoes pizza and the summer pie with summer squash, cherry tomatoes and mozz. The crusts were thin and crispy without being crumbly and the flavor combinations were spot on. I could have eaten about 10 more than we actually ate. Not to mention, they have NUTELLA gelato! And it has these delightful little chunks of chocolate amongst the creamy, Nutella-y gelato perfection. I can't say enough.There's a beautiful, spacious patio in the back with a nicely landscaped garden and the main restaurant was decorated nicely, too. The place was still pretty packed when we showed up around 8:45 p.m. on a Sunday, but we were seated within 10 minutes and our server was super friendly and helpful.We'll definitely be going back!
<review# 264,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/10/2014,3/6/2014,68,628,7,8,6>I was in the mood for tacos. Thanks to the trusty yelp app and Mick L's rave review, we decided to come here.  I was pleasantly surprised that waitress understood English well and the food was excellent. I ordered the Arrachera. It's pictured in the menu. It's a platter of thin steak, a slab of white mozz type cheese, cactus, sour cream, beans, and pico de gallo with a few torrillas to make your own tacos. I also had 2 al pastor and 2 steak tacos. Tacos are $1 or $1.50. Craziness!!! My Boo boo had a chicken, steak, and sausage taco. We also got the Chicken Milanese torta but we were disgustingly full and got the torta to-go for Boo Boo's bro. We went a day after the polar vortexnado so it was cold everywhere and the heat was not cycling enough inside. My tacos got cold after a few minutes coming out as I was working on the Arrachera. I recommend staggering your order if they are not busy so your taco goes down smooth. CC with minimum of $10 (10 tacos). They use an Ipad as an register which blew my mind. This place better not  turn vegan on me next.  I noticed that they sold morning stuff too.
<review# 265,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/12/2014,3/5/2014,340,288,2,18,10>*Brunch reviewAvailable Sundays 11am-2:30pmAmbiance: Rustic country like dining in somebody's beautiful dining room. Eye to detail is perfection: burlap sack tablecloths, wooden utensil holders, old fashioned milk bottles and picnic bread baskets. Food: Everyone was pleased all around. Coffee was wonderfully bold, variety of artisan teas and the complimentary muffin basket was filled with homemade goods (lemon poppy, chocolate chip, etc). I had the crab cake with alfalfa sprouts and a poached egg topped with a jalapeño aioli. Ingredients were of high quality and all the flavors blended harmoniously. Service: Incredible! Coffee, water and champagne glasses were constantly filled. Very accommodating with BYOB (with no extra corkage fee) and everything chilled properly.They do an incredible job with large parties so bring your family, friends, coworkers, acquaintances. Homey environment, top notch service and fresh ingredients. What more can you ask for?!
<review# 266,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/16/2014,3/4/2014,107,80,1,9,6>Five of us got together at Salute after work last night (8:40 reservation) and had a great dining experience. Only a few other tables were occupied when we got there. I predicted that at such a late hour on a weekday night the service would be slacking, but our waitress was just the opposite: she was sweet, relaxed, and attentive and didn't seem to be in any rush to get us out the door.After she poured us water and opened our wine, our waitress brought out an assortment of bread with olive oil and this fantastic, flavorful eggplant spread that we devoured in seconds. Our meals came pretty quickly afterward. I loved my smoked scamorza pizza, which had tomato and hot soppressata (a thicker dry salami) on top - hold the long hot peppers. It's hard to find pizza topped with this cheese, so I was very pleased that it was on the menu and also delicious. Also on the table were the sunchoke salad, some bufala pizzas, and the grilled skirt steak. I was so into my pizza that I didn't end up trying anything else, but my friends said the salad was ehh, the pizzas were a hit, and the steak was really good.My one complaint is with the way the menu is priced. The assagini (small plates) cost the same as their 12-inch pizzas, when in my opinion, they should cost less. And the pasta dishes range from $19-25, which seems high compared to the $12-15 pizzas. Other than this, I'm totally into this rustic restaurant and will certainly be back!
<review# 267,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/23/2013,3/3/2014,64,101,5,8,7>Me: So, I hear you're the best burger in Jersey City? Burger: Yup, and what?That's basically how my experience at New Park Tavern went. The bar was empty save for a couple at the bar. We, too, took our seats there. (My dining companion complained about my choice to sit at the end--I don't like sitting next to strangers when I'm trying to digest--sue me!) The bartender was at the grill when we came in, it didn't take him long to come over and take our order for 2 medium-rare cheese burgers. The burgers didn't take too long to get to us either. And that made my belly very happy indeed.Sweet Lord! This burger is delicious! At first look, I said, "I need a knife! I can't bite this monster!" It is a thick-juicy burger...which I love-love. The meat, the cheese, the bread...everything was sooo good! Even the accompanying fries were hot, fresh, and delicious! Everything was so understated--sometimes that's just what you want in a burger--meat, cheese, bread--nuf said. I'll admit I don't have a strong recollection of all the JC burgers I've eaten (& they were pre-Real-Yelping) so I can't quite compare (yet), but I've had my share of burgers in general and this was damn near perfection. I wish I could give 4.5 stars...our burgers both came out medium instead of med-rare.Damn, that burger proved it's point.
<review# 268,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/27/2014,3/2/2014,101,241,7,8,6>My newest obsession that will kill me :)This place is nothing short of amazing. And again, this comes from the girl who can't eat carbs or fat because the lack of it for the past 15 years of my life. This is a place that makes eating carbs and fats all worth it. No more peeling off the bread cause I can't have it. I CAN HAVE IT! Well, I can't, but I will.We had the Broadway and JFK sandwiches. I still dream about this place. I still dream about these sandwiches and I count the days that I can get out of work early enough or wake up early enough to come here and eat. The meats are so deliciously salty and fatty. The bread is crusty, but chewy on the inside. Nom nom nomm - droollllll. Don't even get me started on the homemade mutz...there's really nothing else to say about that. I personally liked the Broadway sandwich better than the JFK, but they were both damn good.I was really sad that they didn't have broccoli rabe that day because the prices of broccoli rabe have risen drastically, but you know...it gives me a reason to go back again and again until I'm able to get my chubby hands on that sandwich. I also have to go back to try some of the hot foods.You know this place is good when some little old Italian ladies are saying how good the food is...
<review# 269,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/18/2014,3/1/2014,169,317,8,11,5>$6.95 lunch special + BYOB? Ummm, yes please! I'm ashamed to say I threw mad shade at this place over the years, what with it being located right across the street from the county jail. Also, if you happen to be blowing mad cash at the neighboring bail bond spot, take solace that you'll be able to eat heartily for cheap at La Frontera! Needless to say, location isn't the best, but for the delicious grub and festive ambiance, I'm willing to get over my hang ups quickly. Food: Delicious. Lots of veg friendly options. My vegetable quesadilla was massive. Definitely had left overs for dinner, even though it was difficult to cut myself off. That quesadilla was a good time! Ambiance: Aztec (maybe Mayan?) overload! Lots of vibrant colors, stone work, carvings and such. When you spot the sneaky phallic stonework, you'll have a good immature laugh.  Parking: super frail. Probably 6 spots max. No worries, there's ample side street parking. [DO NOT park in the bail bond lot. Because, just don't.]Service: very friendly. Food came out quickly. Perfect for a lunch time run. All in all a good time and I'll definitely be back with my lunch time crew!
<review# 270,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/19/2014,2/28/2014,236,245,13,12,11>I have LONG bemoaned the lack of Pinkberry or Red Mango in downtown JC. Then we got a Red Mango in the Newport Mall, but who wants to go to the food court in the mall for yogurt?  Battling hordes of teenagers on dates? Witnessing innumerable hungry shoppers shoveling bourbon chicken over rice and tacos into their greedy pie holes? No thanks!!!!Sometimes, I just want to go to a place that specializes in giving me the thick, tart, Pinkberry-esqsue frozen yogurt that I want with fruit and mochi toppings. That's what I want and now I can have it whenever I want!Bald One, Bump, and I bellied up to DY on Friday night. I was too excited to try the free samples because I knew I wanted the original flavor - I think it was called Parisian Tart.  Strawberries, blueberries, and mochi balls. Done. Bump agreed.Bald One, ever the sweet tooth and lacking Asian sensibilities (haha), sampled a few   and settled on the Salted Caramel Pretzel. Of course, he added brownie bites and sprinkles to his. ;)We enjoyed ourselves and Bump went crazy for the next hour as a result.
<review# 271,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/27/2013,2/27/2014,288,175,7,16,14>The second I walked into this place I knew I was official Italian deli.  When you walk in the first thing you see is the prosciutto hanging from the ceiling and it has that real Italian deli aroma.I got the combo sandwich which had capicola, prosciutto, salami, fresh mozzarella, thick cut provolone topped with sweet peppers (may have left something out, there was a lot of different cold cuts on that intense sandwich).  Now, let's get started on the fresh mozzy, I didn't ask but I could tell it was real fresh mozzarella that they put on that sandwich.  REAL fresh mozzarella has a specific taste that you can't get with store bought fresh mozzarella, it's rich, creamy, and full if flavor!  Plus, it was still warm, you can't get fresher than that!!!The bread was awesome!  My co-worker who I got lunch with, told me they make their own bread.As for the cold cuts, I could tell they spared no expenses on the brands they got, and from looking at the prosciutto it seems to be all imported cuts.The guys working here were cool as hell, super personable.  In fact, we were even talking about some movies while they're making are sandwiches.  I don't know why, but I love having random conversations with people at different places.I have to mention the biggest container of Nutella I have ever seen!  It was like a bucket of Nutella!  The guys working there told me weighed 13 pounds!  That's absolutely insane, in a good way!I can't wait to go back and get another great sandwich from here!
<review# 272,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/11/2013,2/26/2014,397,687,19,25,23>I decided on a recent day off that I was going to finally try Thai Ping...I'd heard so much about it and wanted to try it myself.  When I arrived it was almost empty-about 1:30 so the lunch crowd was gone.  Nice place, pleasant decor, menu was easy to figure out, and the server was very nice and helpful.  So I started with the shrimp gyoza and Tom Kha Gai soup...and the waitress talked me I to a Thai iced tea.  The gyoza was a new one for me and I liked it very much.  I think I was expecting just some chopped shrimp in a fried wonton, but it seemed like it was ground and mixed with some tasty herbs and spices-really, really delicious.  Absolutely loved them...though a word of warning-they came out HOT, burned my mouth on my first bite.  The soup-the soup was similar in flavor than most other places, but what I LOVED about this soup is that I asked for medium spice and the waitress actually said to me "you understand Thai medium, right?"  I responded with a "yes" and finally got the correct spiciness! not the watered down American spiciness.  Soup was nose running good!For my main dish I ordered the Red Curry-medium again and with chicken.  Portion size was very generous as I've usually gotten small servings at other Thai places.  Bursting with flavors and excellent spiciness (glad I didn't get spicy).  I usually don't like bell peppers, but this whole meal was done very well and I basically licked my plate.I'll certainly be back to Thai Ping again because it was that good.
<review# 273,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/15/2014,2/25/2014,156,409,,7,4>I never thought I'd say this, but I think I've found an Indian place in Hoboken I prefer over Karma Kafe. Ordered on a Wednesday night and the food came in 45 minutes after an estimate of 20-30 minutes, and the second I had the food in hand, the smell of spiced deliciousness hit me immediately. This place has figured out the secret to keeping the onion bhaji crispy and hot when delivered. They were excellent little fritters. The chicken tikka masala was just a touch spicy (nice afterburn heat, not a kick you in the face heat), and the chicken was succulent and delicious. You could tell it was cooked on a charcoal grill, and it was perfectly tender, with a creamy, spicy, deep sauce. So good. The saag paneer also had a little bit of heat, and big chunks of cheese. Didn't blow my mind like the tikka masala, but still totally solid. I'm looking forward to hitting up the buffet to sample more items, but do far, off to a great start.
<review# 274,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/24/2014,2/24/2014,47,101,3,7,7>The better half an I had our first date at a fantastic coffee shop in Montclair called Cafe Eclectic -- time went on and a year or so ago CE closed, sadly ...Since then, while occasionally accompanying my wife to work I would suffer through a cup of joe at Starbucks or Panera or some other joint ... not any more.We did a quick search for a place to go and stumbled upon Red Eye Cafe ... just 5 minutes into sitting here, I knew I was in the right place. Then I saw Anthony, the long time manager of Cafe Eclectic and now owner of Red Eye and everything feel into place.I can say several things, and will :Coffee is strong, hot and served in large beautiful mugs.The s'mores cookie I had (but shouldn't have) was moist and really delicious The decor is prefect -- a modernized, clean and slick version of CE .. though I do wish the puppets made a return, those things were outstanding.Long and Short -- I will return here multiple times and enjoy every moment. A little piece of my marriage is tucked into this quaint and warm Coffee Shop.sorry for the sappiness...
<review# 275,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/1/2013,2/23/2014,72,167,2,11,6>Ursino is rated in the top 25 restaurants in NJ by NJ Magazine and I now see why that is the case. The restaurant is on the Kean University campus and is decorated very beautifully. We got there a little early and had a drink at their bar. Ursino has a very cool drink menu and the ladies explored and found a few that they enjoyed.But onto the meal. Ursino boasts farm to table and by the taste of our dishes, it's true. The dishes were very well thought out regarding the ingredients and had a nice pizzazz for the taste buds. Our appetizers consisted of seared sea scallops with peppers, citrus confit and onions, a shrimp ceviche and I had a Jersey peach endive salad with shaved cheese. Happy to say we were all in a sharing mood and all the dishes were prepared perfectly and the flavors exploded as we ate the appetizers. The sea scallops were especially out of this world.For dinner, we had the duck breast, arctic char and I had the hanger steak. The steak came with a scallion pancake and a sauce with savoy cabbage. The steak itself was perfectly seasoned and the sauce was perfect as were the scallion pancakes. I really enjoyed the steak. The arctic char was a very large piece of fish and was crispy on the outside and again, the sauce that came with the fish was very good with a smokey flavor. The duck breast was perfectly prepared and it had a citrus sauce with small pieces of papaya. The key to these meals were the sauces and they were so different and very delicious. Expertly done.We ended with desserts of a banana walnut bread pudding with a scoop of ice cream, a warm dark chocolate cake with dark chocolate lava and nuts and a cheese with  berry dessert that was made similar to a crème brulee.The décor is beautiful, the meals were some of the best I have had in a while and I would highly recommend Ursino for an evening of very fine dining. We had a great evening.
<review# 276,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/22/2014,2/22/2014,264,337,1,13,4>Seriously one of the best meals I've had in the area in awhile.  Came here with two girl friends and we pretty much tried a little bit of everything. Deviled eggs?  Awesome.  And I am NOT a fan of deviled eggs.  My favorite was the curry one.  (I believe the flavors rotate)  We also had the fondue, which was delicious.  The sausage it came with was perfect even by itself.  I also had one of the seasonal salads with pears and goat cheese.  Ate every last bite.  For entree I had the NY Strip but they had sold out of the strip so they subbed the filet mignon that was on special.  Everything about this dish was DELICIOUS!  The steak was cooked perfectly and it game with great sides.  For dessert we shared a pumpkin bourbon whoopie pie and the bread pudding.  Both were, yet again, delicious.  Coffee was served in individual press pots, another score in my book.Service was great and attentive the entire meal.  The ambiance also sealed the deal for me.   Will definitely come back!
<review# 277,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/28/2014,2/21/2014,73,97,4,8,7>This was my first time dining here. I came to celebrate the bf's 30th. He loves oysters and on Monday nights they have $1 oysters which were delicious. We also had the lobster mac & cheese to share. The pieces of lobster were generous and the portion is large enough to share between 2-4ppl depending on how greedy you are. I got the the surf & turf special which was sirloin topped with lump crab meat garlic mash potatoes and sauteed spinach- so good. He got the surf & turf off the regular menu which was short rib & diver scallops. I tried a little and it was pretty good too. For dessert we split oreo cheesecake and got some yummy after dinner drinks. We left uncomfortably full. I would absolutely come back here if for nothing else the food. The atmosphere was cozy, woods walls, fireplaces. The only thing I found annoying is that the bathroom is connected to the Westin hotel so you have to pass the kitchen and leave the restaurant briefly to use the restroom. Our server was very nice and knowledgeable but not as attentive as I would have liked. It's on the more expensive end so good for special occasions.
<review# 278,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/20/2013,2/20/2014,53,128,2,17,7>Drove by this place a few times, never thinking much about it. This time, however, we were stuck in traffic stopped right next to the storefront. It was starting to get dark out, so the inside light coming through the window beckoned us to stop in to try it. We pulled over and came in not expecting much, since this place is rather unassuming. The lady working was very nice and asked us if we'd been here before. We hadn't, so she offered each of us a macaroon to try. Seriously, the best macaroon I have ever had. We tried the black currant, blood orange, and salted caramel. Most macaroons have a flavored cream-type center, but these ones really had substance to them. I literally felt like I was eating some berries, orange, and salted caramel in my macaroon but not in a bad way. Somehow she does an amazing job of blending everything together. We found out the owner/baker was a former chemistry teacher, so that may have something to do with it.My cousin also ordered an almond croissant for the next day. The lady suggested microwaving it for ten seconds, which apparently was an amazing idea. She said "the croissant was crunchy on the outside but soft and velvety on this inside all while melting in your mouth." Sounds pretty good, but I didn't try it. I wish I could remember all the flavors but here are the ones I do (they change it up also):Black CurrantBlood OrangeSalted CaramelEspressoBirthday CakeRaspberryLavender RoseCoconutPumpkinGreen ApplePistachioChocolateLemonDefinitely worth a stop and a try (apparently the chocolate croissant is really good, too)!
<review# 279,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/30/2013,2/19/2014,214,281,4,13,6>We were at Watchung Square Mall and I looked in yelp for local bakeries. I am always on the lookout for a new place, and I always search yelp for local places when I am out and about. This place was great. I had an apple dumpling that tasted like it came from the Amish country. The red velvet cheesecake was ridiculously large and rich. I could only manage 3 bites. We also had a custard tart that was good. Our daughter got a sponge bob cookie but I knew that was going to be gross- things like that always are and I don't think it was made at the bakery.  I am totally going come back because they were out of the pretzels that other people had raved about and that is the whole reason why I went in the first place. Excellent spot. I will be returning the next time I am anywhere close by. I may even come here especially for a cake for an event- they looked really good!!!!
<review# 280,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/16/2014,2/18/2014,71,227,3,9,6>Baba Ghanoush is back! I'm going to tell you a secret. of  My original review was compromised. I bumped up the star rating because Plainfield/Netherwood is sorely devoid   of any restaurants that are remotely hip and cultural.  As a native New Yorker stuck in suburban hell, who grew up as a kid eating in some of the best and most authentic restaurants in NYC including Le Cirque, Daniel, Randazzo's, John's Pizzeria (across the street from my family's own restaurant), Totonno's, Spumoni Gardens, Sylvia's, Wonton Garden, Noodletown, Big Wong, and the list could go on for a page.  I'm used to a certain standard of excitement on my palate.  I'm not used to eating garbage Chinese takeout. I'm not used to living in an area that isn't ethnic whether it's Chinese, Jewish, black (the irony as black as Plainfield and Netherwood is, there's nothing black about the neighborhood), Carribean, Southeast Asian, Puerto Rican, or Pan Latin American; the neighborhoods that I lived in Brooklyn and Manhattan all had elements of a culture or ethnic group's food.  That food is a connection to people which is something that Netherwood and Plainfield lacks.  Non Latinos are afraid to eat in the authentic Mexican and El Salvadorean joints in the center of Plainfield or at least from when I go I don't see any non-Latinos besides myself and my wife. Well, anyhow I was plain overjoyed when I saw one of my favorite cuisines come to the neighborhood. Certainly not the best Middle Eastern food that I have ever had but it was ok on some days.  Then it went downhill quick. The moustached manning the restaurant was just plain horrendous.  He was awful and made some of the worst tabbouleh I've ever encountered. Needless to say this place closed for a spell. It re-opened with not much fuss and they got rid of that cook and installed the owner's wife who is a trained restaurant professional serving in large hotel settings. That said they definitely triaged and stabilized the place. I've been back maybe 4 times since they reopened and everything that was served tasted like it was made by and Egyptian or Lebanese person in Manhattan. Try the lentil soup, the awesome grilled meats sandwiches,  shish kabobs and shwarma.  I know that some of the dishes on the menu has possibly unfamiliar names but there is nothing unfamiliar or remotely weird about grilled chicken or beef stuffed in flatbread with fresh veggies. The deserts are divine and so are the drinks like hibiscus tea.  Please do give the place again now that their back of house is in order! You won't be disappointed.
<review# 281,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/28/2014,2/17/2014,313,354,9,11,11>Podewitz is the shizz. It has been in Jersey City since the beginning of time- well, since I was in diapers. You want mutz. Podewitz has mutz. You want a sandwich that isn't going to empty your wallet, Podewitz has those.Low on wine? Step on in. Need some coffee while you're fixing your car? Come on over. Breakfast sandwich? Bingo. Olives? Olive oil? Great case of pre-made goods. There is nothing this place cannot do well. This is a gem on Central Ave. So if you're in the hood, stop on over.It's old school, the dude who runs it is a nice italian gentleman. He also makes good coffee.
<review# 282,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/2/2013,2/16/2014,195,235,12,22,21>Can you really get brick oven pizza in Moonachie? You bet your arse you can!- Luna Pizza (prosciutto, tomatoes, arugula, fresh mozzarella) - I liked this pizza but Jim wasn't too thrilled over the stem-laden arugula. Baby arugula would have been much better since it's tender and void of woody stems...just sayin'. - Margherita Pizza - Good blend of fresh mozzarella, basil, and tomato sauce. Score.The crust is thin, but not too thin. Grease-laden pizza has its place in this world (read: late-night/post-imbibing) but I find pizza that needs to be repeatedly blotted very gagtastic. No blotting necessary here.Tons of pizza options (21) in addition to fresh salads, pasta dishes, and sandwiches. Now go get your brick oven pizza on!
<review# 283,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/18/2013,2/15/2014,68,78,3,11,13>ooooooo emmmmm geeeeeeeSo good! My father in law introduced me to this place years ago and I am so glad he did! This restaurant is in the Portuguese section of Newark and is always busy, but not 2 hour wait busy which is good.    We have eaten at the bar but this last time we waited a few minutes for a table on a Friday night. The bread they give you is hot and delicious- it takes all your willpower not to eat all of it!For apps we got the grilled octopus and the crab legs. These were both perfect! Octopus was tender and tasty, crab legs were hot and fresh. Next time I just want to order the crab legs as a meal that's how much I loved them!!Dishes ordered were a huge portion of bacalao, which I am not a fan of but I was told it was good, and two HUGE orders of some sort of fish (sorry cannot recall but was also told these were great) I wanted to order something I had not ordered before so I chose the pork and clams even before I checked yelp for any advice (WTG Me!). Well, I cannot foresee ever eating anything other than this dish ever again when I come here. I had leftover for the next day even though I ate a lot of it that night bc it was THAT GOOD. The pork is tender & tasty, the clams were yummy and crispy potatoes were a hit as well. We usually do not leave room for dessert so nothing to report on that front.The service was a tiny bit slow but really Newark on a Friday during Christmas season? I cannot fault them for being a bit behind.....I am a customer for life!!
<review# 284,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/20/2013,2/14/2014,456,539,7,18,12>Located by the water on very beginning of Hylan Blvd, Alice Austen House set on beautiful green grounds. Old nostalgic house, with front porch, benches to sit on and enjoy the spectacular views. It's a small and intimate museum, couple rooms, but it is grand in spirit.Alice Austen... An artist of amazing talent, a rebel who lived ahead of her times, a pioneer with independent views.Her love for for New York and New Yorkers lives in her photography, and inspires generations of artists.Currently on exhibit is Alice's original work, "The Street Types of New York", as well as "New" exhibition of modern artists showing ever-changing portrait of the city through people. The quote on the wall says: "New York is the meeting place of the peoples, the only city where you can hardly find a typical American" - Dijana Barnes, 1916. Think about it. Still true, almost 100 years later.If you did not see it yet, go and see what our city is all about - People. New Yorkers. All different. Yet all together.
<review# 285,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/16/2013,2/13/2014,73,75,,12,7>Besides being so thorough, professional and friendly, the thing I like most about Maid in Hoboken is that using their service is effortless. You drop off your keys with them, pick a day for them to come, and they are in and out without you having to be home. You can give them payment info ahead of time, and they'll automatically charge you after each cleaning is complete. HUGE plus for mine and my roommate's busy work schedules during the week. I've spoken to and met both Paul and Mauricio and they are both as nice as they come. Paul came to give an estimate and walked me through the whole process so I felt comfortable. He pointed out places I wouldn't even ever think of cleaning, like the top of the molding around doors and windows, behind the fridge, under the couch cushions. After the first initial cleaning, I swear I almost didn't recognize my apartment because it was like brand new. I've also found that their rates are pretty much on par with some of the other cleaning services around Hoboken.  Definitely recommend these guys!
<review# 286,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/4/2013,2/12/2014,29,106,3,7,5>One of the best restaurants I have even been to in my life.The atmosphere is great and very intimate.  They even have a back patio area that is beautiful which I think opens up when its warm out.  Service is excellent although I will say if you get the 4 course option you will be there for 2+ hours at least.BYOB or BYOW depending on your choice of degeneracy.  Food is UNBELIEVABLE.  I got the four cheese lobster mac and cheese which was bong diggity.  Also got the crabcake which was awesome too.  Ill only give 4 stars to the short rib burger because the bun was a little too hard for my liking and the burger lacked that hmpf in taste you what I mean? Dessert was great I fancied myself the hazelnut brownie.They have a lot of menu options for their 3 and 4 course meals and its really hard to pick because every option sounds amazing.  Id say the portion of each meal is a little smaller than an applebees appetizer.  3 courses will definitely fill you up and 4 courses will have you loosening up your belt.
<review# 287,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/5/2014,2/11/2014,86,264,,6,5>Wow. What an amazing place for some good Cuban food here in good ole Hackensack. I came here for a birthday celebration in a large group (about 12 Ppl) , our friend made the reservation and set up a prefix menu at 28 per person. We had 3 appetizers: croquettas, empanadas, and camarones con coco. The ham croquettes were very good, chicken was decent, but the salmon was terrible. :( the beef empanadas were delicious, and the coconut shrimp (even though very few) were also very tasty. For our meal we had family style  - arroz Moro, lechon asado, ropa vieja, some chicken in a white sauce, yuca frita, and maduros. I tasted everything and it was all very good my favorite was surprisingly the lechon since I'm not a huge fan of pork. I also loved that the yuca was crispy - a lot of places make a crappy yuca frita. The place is a BYOB - so bring all the wine in the world that you want! Ask them to make a delicious sangria for you ($8.00 per pitcher)  - but ask them to refrain from using sugar - it was very sweet and gave me the worst headache. All in all a great place to come for a nice celebratory dinner with great food and BYOB!
<review# 288,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/28/2013,2/10/2014,198,103,6,12,10>It took me 8 years of being an Essex co resident to finally try Spice, 8 lost years...ok, im not sure if Spice has been here the whole time I've been in nearby Bloomfield,  but it sure feels like I've missed out not knowing this awesome Thai restaurant. I love Thai food. When I find one that compares favorably to Pongsri from my time going there (1980-98) who were reportedly FIRST ever Thai restaurant in the USA, its a really big deal. Pongsri was run by an old couple, started going there as a kid with parents around 1980, the couple started retiring this century, and the food isnt the same...chinese food in the tri state area suffered the same fate, instead of cooking with diverse authenticity as found in all cuisine, start making dishes all the same, it becomes bland and boring. But the food here sure does remind me of old school Pongsri, and the waitress also knew the old place too...my excitement level rose with each dish...I digress, but my point is,  this food compares to the best Thai food I've ever had. The place that used to cook this way is now gone. So this place will surely become my favorite in the western world too! Considering how much I love good Thai, this is a watershed moment.On to the review, sorry.The decor is really cozy, romantic, colorful yet deep tones and dimly lit, not dark. The tables are small, and in some cases cramped for some, but perfect for others. I am a plus size dude, and despite the intimacy, the tables by the kitchen were accomodating.The food...!!! Deserving of multiple exclamation.  My brother and I shared all the dishes. We started off with a raw papaya salad thai style with chili, lime, crab legs, dried shrimp, which was utterly tantalizing. Spicy, sweet, crunchy, rough hewn slivers of papaya were a welcome change from the evenly shredded mechanically process norm.Tom Kha soup with chicken (cup), really a bowl sized portion,  the best Thai soup ive ever had. An abundance of quality fresh ingredients, almost a meal on its own.Pork Massamun curry!!!This dish has the velvety, not too sweet, rich complex flavor that I was introduced to as a kid. No one makes it like this anymore.  Everyone else makes this dish either too sweet or too thin...I dont even want to use those words in this sentence.  To the person posting the photo of the massamun here....this is the best. you arent used to it because most places make real bland thin curriez, I cant wait to try my other favorites,  I will update.Pad Kee Mao with basil....I may have the dish name wrong, it was directly below what is pad kee mao, the emphasis on the description in the menu was the basil. Again, it was fantastic. Rice noodles were NOT clumpy and stuck, the chicken was evenly dispersed, perfectly spicy at 4 out of 5 on all dishes.I live 3 miles away, in a week since my first visit, I almost went back the next day, and last night.... cant have enough of a good thing, so glad yelp helped me find this place.
<review# 289,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/28/2013,2/9/2014,294,133,1,15,7>I would first have to say that Picnic Garden is HEAVEN for a meat lover!  You want to make sure you come hungry so you can get your money's worth and eat TONS of meat.The meat here is all presented uncooked and you have a grill at your table that is turned on once you sit so you can cook all the meat once you bring it to the table.  All the meat has been already marinated and ready to place on your grill!  They have a variety of Korean style meats such as pork belly, bulgogi (marinated beef), spicy pork, spicy chicken, and even some out of the ordinary meats you will not find in other places such as chicken gizzards and beef intestine.  In addition, they do have some seafood you can cook as well such as shrimp, octopus, and squid to satisfy a person's hunger for variety.My favorite meat that I just get constantly get here is the Kalbi, which comes in two types, in short rib form and rib form where there is a larger piece of bone at the end of the meat.  If you are looking for the Kalbi however, it is ONLY served during dinner.  Once in a while during holidays they will have the dinner menu the entire day.  This is the main reason why lunch is around $10 cheaper.  Even though I personally do not mind eating the other Korean meats here, I always load up on Kalbi, so going during dinner is an ideal preference for me.Picnic Garden also has a variety of appetizer dishes that are already cooked so you do not have to wait to eat if while you cook the meat.  Some appetizers to name a few include dumplings, fried rice, Korean seafood pancake and fried chicken.Servers here are attentive on changing the grill regularly when it you have been cooking enough meat on it for a while to keep it fresh.  As a tip, they do not put tongs on your table initially, so ask for them so you can flip and take the cooked meat off the grill when they are not around and helping other tables.  They also will cut the meat with scissors for you, which I constantly need since I just eat all the kalbi!  They also give you a plate of lettuce that you can wrap the meat around when you eat, it's an eating style they do in Korea which is good, especially if you cannot wait to eat that hot meat!There is also a limited amount of dessert here, at least they have ice cream!  And this place is BYOB which is another plus.  I have celebrated birthdays here as well, they do not mind that you bring your own cakes/dessert and will even help you serve them.One more quick tip, ask for a pitcher of water for the table so you do not have to ask for refills often.
<review# 290,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/8/2014,2/8/2014,194,183,3,10,7>This is one of those places that I get excited to Yelp about for all good reasons. My best friend was coming into town and she was in the mood for Thai food. I've been to a few places in Hoboken but nothing that I would want to go back for. Parking can be tricky but we found a spot  right around the corner from the restaurant. We made the two minute walk in 7 degree weather and I already knew I wanted something hot. The place was empty when we got there but filled up by 7. The place is spacious, dim lighting, and it had nice decor. I had the Tom Yum shrimp soup-lemongrass broth with thai spices. It was perfect for the cold weather. It was a big bowl for the price ($4.95). It  only had 2 shrimps but they were delicious.  We also had steamed chicken dumplings which were so tasty along with the spicy soy dip. Finally, what i came for - Pad Thai Chicken & Shrimp ( I added shrimp- $1.00 more) - egg, bean sprout, peanut scallion all for just $10.95 and it was a lot. It was delicious, great flavors, and I finished it all. I'm not sure how...there was a lot. I made my friend take hers to go but really it was for me. She was raving about her plate which was the Pad Thai chicken & beef. For those who want something more spicy, they have plenty of options...next time I will try the Yellow curry with shrimp. So the food was great but the service was even better. We were attended to even after the place filled up. The waiter was super friendly. As previous reviews mentioned this place is CASH only. It says it in big letters on the door incase you forget.
<review# 291,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/13/2013,2/7/2014,354,404,7,14,8>EXCELLENT!!! Wow, what a great meal. I honestly read the reviews and thought hmmm maybe some of these are fake, but no this place is 5 stars for sure. Located right next to the Nutley diner in the back parking lot you will find an amazing authentic restaurant with the kindest staff.Service: Upon arrival we were greeted warmly by the lady whom I believe to be the owner. She spoon served the oil and seasoning, for the bread, to us on our plates, which was a lovely touch. Food: Bread was delicious. Warm and soft with a crispy outside. They serve it with oil, balsamic, and a few olives: along with this dry seasoning. We shared the enormous Bosphorus Salad which was tasty and well presented. Now for the REAL YUMS! Gyro Platter. The meat was amazing!!!! At first glance I was scared because the meat appeared to have been coated with a little red sauce (not what I'm used to) but it was superb. The sauce was very light and didn't take away from the real flavor. The rice was done so perfect. OMG the tzatziki sauce was to die for. Under the meat, hiding, were these absolutely delicious steak cut fries. The peas and carrots were weird though, but even that couldn't bring down such a good dish. Atmosphere: Simple, classy, and clean. I think what makes this place so impressive to me is that you can tell how much attention and love they put into their food and service. Overall this place was outstanding and I will be coming back very soon!
<review# 292,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/10/2013,2/6/2014,248,231,5,7,6>I have long had cravings for breakfast food at 10pm, for which I've had no outlet. Thanks a bunch, north Florida. But now I live in New Jersey, where I have tons of options for diners. I've been to this place three times now. Every time I love it more. I can't speak on the sandwiches or salads or other lunch foods or desserts. I'm only there for breakfast food.-Eggs Benedict; perfect Hollandaise sauce.-Two eggs, bacon and toast; Over easy is just runny enough.Canadian bacon... IS NOT DOUBLE-SMOKED BACON, which I expected as a reminder of winder visits at cabane à sucre. It's a piece of ham. Round sliced ham. Pfff. Americans. Also on the plate is a hefty portion of hash browns. Not the oily kind that used to soak up remnants of your drunken college pub night hangovers. Delicious grown up health "conscious" kind that nicely complements your salty bacon.-Pastrami omelet is some kind of wonderful. No cheese, you gotta ask for that extra. But otherwise, you don't need it. Because it's fancy and satisfying enough for you. The owner might not seat you, but he will visit your table at some point during your meal. That's customer service. Love it.Go here if you have urges in the middle of the night, and appreciate a good pancake.
<review# 293,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/5/2013,2/5/2014,152,161,4,7,5>GIANT MFing SANDWICHES.  Everyone raves about this place so I needed to try it one weekend.  Walked in and to my surprise it wasn't too busy and was able to snag a very polite worker to help me out.  Ordered a chicken cutlett, fresh mozz, and bruschetta with balsamic.  The guy really thought i was strange because I wanted it cold but I insisted and he relented.  In hindsight next time i'll get it hot.  The sandwich was delicious and HUGE.  It literally came on a loaf of italian bread.  Made a great meal for two days. I also ordered rice balls but wasn't too impressed by them.  This is def a spot for special occasion catering or meat pick up if you are the grilling type.  They have a great selection and everything is fresh.  I hear it can get crowded but they do offer call ahead ordering.
<review# 294,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/13/2013,2/4/2014,46,69,3,10,5>Xièxiè, God, for this place!One of my favorite places! The Pork Xaoi Long Bao (soup dumplings, dragon buns, heaven in a sack) is my addiction. They tried to make me go to rehab but I said nooo, no, no. Everything in the heavens line up to make this perfect. The skin is not too doughy or thick. The soup is plentiful and bursting with flavor. The meat is tender. The accompanying sauce heightens the experience. Some other honorable mentions are the Mapo Tofu, Salt and Pepper Pork, and Beef with Hot Peppers in Pancake Bun. The huge servings of soups served in clay pots are perfect for those frigid, winter nights.As for the service? It's a Chinese restaurant. Get over it.Last words: Authentic, great Canto cuisine on either side of the Hudson. If you want lo mein or pork fried rice, please reserve those dishes for the take-out restaurant down the street. This place has so much more to offer. Say hi if you see me. Oh.. did I mention this place is BYOB? Ganbei!
<review# 295,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/28/2013,2/3/2014,170,212,6,12,9>I've been to Orale twice now, and I've held off reviewing, partly because life has taken some crazy turns and I haven't reviewed ANYTHING in too long, but partly I think because I was feeling intimidated by other reviews on here.  Like, "OMG I am in love, but other people aren't as impressed, is there something wrong with me?" kind of feeling.Eff it.  I would give Orale 6 stars if I could!  (I actually did move my mouse further to the right in the rating section, in some hope that a magic secret extra star would appear, just for me).  I am having my birthday there.  I HATE brunch and I am chomping at the bit to have brunch there.  I have so many great things to say that I am not even sure how to organize my thoughts.Orale saved my Cinco de Mayo!  I used to have a CDM (as I affectionally call it) party every year, but didn't this year, and still wanted to do something festive and tequila-laced.  I expected Orale to be busy, but I did not expect a blaring top-40 DJ and people with exposed midriffs in trucker hats grinding potential mates-for-the-evening alongside the bar (Auntie Em?  Am I in Hoboken?).  In any event, we were whisked away to a cute little back room: not super loud,  no grinding.  Great start.  We had the guacamole trio, and my favorite was the original (though the chipotle was also good, and the bf did enjoy the pork belly one).  Chips were fab.  Drinks were wow!!!  Hello, watermelon, hibiscus, other fun fresh ingredients, not just sangria/margaritas.  The cocktails are really impressive.  Like LITM visits Mexico City.  It just kept getting better, as we oohed and ahed over every morsel of everything brought to our table.  Our server was attentive, polite, and not rushed or rushing of us.  The desserts were nothing mind-blowing, but you know when everything is just so damn good you are like, "Oh, that was just OK, but my overall experience was still WOW"?  That was this.  I mean, on Cinco de Mayo, they could've basically served nicely-plated Taco Bell, and people would've eaten it, but they did not have any sort of holiday crowd slacking going on.Went back a few weeks ago to celebrate our anniversary, and once again, just thrilled to be there.  The brussels sprouts were SUPERB (only complaint is that the menu lists them as just "salt and pepper," and they were shaved and fried, and I had ordered them as my "healthful" item).  But really, shaved, fried brussels sprouts are like naturally growing crack, so I guess I just have to live a little.  The butternut squash, I did not expect to be healthful (the words "glaze" and "queso" gave that away), and it too was like music to my mouth.  Or something like that.  When you and your significant other are basically stabbing each other's hands in order to get at the veggies, you know they're good.  Chicken tacos are usually just chicken tacos, so fine, but the homemade sauces really let me customize the flavor.  BF had the chicken chorizo and quail egg (what??? right??) tacos, and was gushing with every bite.  I am usually very frugal (I'd say THISCLOSE to "cheap"), and I do not regret one half-penny spent at Orale, ever.  Ditto on the calories.  The flavors are just so good, and the food is fresh, and the portions are large, and the cocktails are creative and not syrupy, and the servers are friendly and take time to chat.  I think everyone should try it.  Maybe you won't give it 6 stars, like I would, but I think you'll find something you love there.
<review# 296,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/16/2013,2/2/2014,387,349,5,5,4>Union city, 1:30am Hungry? Well there is some awesome late night food spots in the U.C.. Well that is news to me. Simple search "late night" yielded some interesting results. More importantly it did not steer me to the White Castle Entering Pollo a la Brasa Mario (steak house and seafood) you're greeted by an array of waiters and waitresses. First thing one will  notice is the life like tree sitting in the middle of the restaurant and ample amount of seating all around place club close to this restaurant and that 2 am crowd comes in drunk, and wanted some of that Mario. No one is speaking English, language of choice Spanish, pretty interesting site. The beauty of Bergenline avenue it will transport you to South America without the plane ride. My girlfriend did the ordering, take out, all done in Spanish. Roasted chicken $8.00 with Fried Green Plantains $2.75 (tostones). Funny enough it says you get "6" tostones. I have never seen the counting of sliced plantains. Seriously, I asked my girlfriend about this. Was 6 whole plantains? I know at Extra supermarket sells theme at  8 for $1.00. The waiter was dying of laughter. To make a long story short, pretty much it is 1 whole plantain in 6 gargantuan slices. The Pollo, Charred just right, juicy even in the breast area, the skin blackened fully equipped with the right amount of salt and crispness.  I am in heaven, so in love with this place. How wonderful that this place is 24hrs on Friday and Saturday.There are many buses that pass the area, only downfall it is not next to the path. It is a trek but its a cool trek. If you don't mind the light rail, its a 6 minute walk from the bergenline stop.Well I did not know this place was a chain of Colombian Brasa's , I guess its my real life Los Pollos Hermanos. Breaking Bad fans will have mucho fun.
<review# 297,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/16/2013,2/1/2014,133,153,4,13,4>I'm a sucker for new eating establishments downtown.  We need more of them! So was super excited to try this brand spanking new place.Minimal decor, all grass green and white in a big light-soaked storefront.  I was offered a falafel sample as I approached the register.  Crisp outside, perfect inside.  Too often falafel tends to be dry in the center and starts to fall apart, not the case with these yummy little nuggets!  As I salivate reading the extensive menu I'm informed it is a soft opening and only one item on the menu is available today: the falafel in a pita with two side salads.  Sold.  Got back to my desk and enjoyed the most delicious falafel sandwich I think I ever had.  The pita was fluffy and thick, almost like bread.  Inside were those yummy falafel nuggets slathered in home-made hummus and dressed with some perfectly seasoned slaw cabbage and garden salad.  I couldn't eat it fast enough!Four stars for now until they get their footing and offer more items off their menu.  Can't wait to go back!
<review# 298,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/2/2013,1/31/2014,265,86,6,12,8>This review is long overdue, but listening to Pusha T's new album stream has got me inspired to write for some reason (will review that as well if the demand is there).  I stopped by last night for the first time in months and was reminded of why it's become such a Jersey City destination.  They've gotten numerous NY Times accolades, lots of blog love, rave reviews on Yelp, and guess what?  They deserve it all.  No restaurant is perfect, but they're by far the most exciting restaurant we have in this city.The atmosphere here is awesome.  The decor is clean and minimal with a few cool nods to JC history.  No matter how packed it is, the vibe is casual without ever feeling cheap or divey.  The menu continues the minimal aesthetic and is clearly inspired by Momofuku, the restaurant where the chef/owner honed his skills.  Be warned though, this places is TINY.  I'm thinking at most they fit 40 people, so it could feel a bit cramped at times.  One positive that comes out of that though is that it helps with the service.  The servers are all attentive and really it's hard not to be since they can't walk 5 steps without having to see you again.Their ever-changing seasonal menu takes inspiration from damn near every part of the world.  Typically when I use the phrase "all over the place" to describe a restaurant it's not a good thing.  Here, I mean it in the best way possible.  Earlier this year I had a lamb crudo dish with candied fish roe and a bunch of other stuff.  Sounds disgusting, but it was a whimsical and delicious play on sushi.  I really appreciate how inventive they get and the level of quality is always high.  For the less adventurous the pastas are usually a safe bet and just as delicious.  Also, the brunch menu is a lot less out there, but no less tasty.  The pulled pork sandwich topped with an egg might be one of the best brunch items I've ever had.  The mushroom "cheese steak" is fantastic as well.One of the flaws I've noticed is consistency seems to be a small problem here.  I've experienced varying levels of al dente in several of the pasta dishes.  The first time i had the duck fat potatoes they were bangin, the next time they were bland as hell.  Also, I've had a few of the brunch cocktails and they are straight nasty.  On the service end, it bugs me that they don't take reservations for parties smaller than 6.  I know that's the cool kid thing to do these days but I hate it.  The rotating menu is also a gift and a curse because if you love a dish, there's a good chance you'll never have it again.  ANYWHO, just come here and try this place out for yourself.  You won't regret it.
<review# 299,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/20/2013,1/30/2014,182,387,6,8,6>Yeah, I've hit up other joints and this place is STILL my favorite sushi place and I had to change my review from 4 stars to 5.The decor isn't "fancy" but who cares, for the price, it's well worth it. Especially when the fish is that fresh. The salmon always tastes like I went into the water and am chewing on the fish right out of the water a la Gollum style. The owners are still amazingly friendly and always recognize me when I come in. I love them. They're always all smiles. I actually wish they were open Sundays because now I'm not close enough to go as often as I used to (which was 1-2 times a week, one week I think I hit them up 4-5 times - I will die of mercury poisoning but it will be well worth it!!!). Love this place and I sometimes wish I could get thee more often.
<review# 300,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/27/2013,1/29/2014,298,150,4,7,8>This place is an amazing addition to DTJC. I'm so glad that people are recognizing the growth and opening quality shops. Everything we got here was delicious. FIRST off, the spice apple cider- KNOCKED MY SOCKS OFF. It was warming, not just because it was hot, but I could taste a hint of ginger and it literally warmed my soul. We got a giant choco chip cookie, a chocolate brownie truffle with candied peacans, and a savory cheddar biscuit (I am pulling out the synonyms for this one). The cookie wasn't like a Levain cookie, even though I was kinda expecting it to be. It looks like it was baked out of the ice cream scooper and has more of a short bread texture to it. Very buttery and chocolatey. The brownie truffle was chocolate heaven. I went here solely to try these because my friend Napoleon, who owns E. Tittlemouse & Co on Bay St., gushed about them. SO GOOD! They also have cake truffles but brownies trump cake for me. I will go back and try them though. The cheddar biscuit was also flaky and buttery. I personally like soft biscuits (RED LOBSTER) but you can't compare chain breads to handmade ones. I could just imagine ladling gravy over their biscuits. Heaven.
<review# 301,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/26/2013,1/28/2014,114,349,,8,6>I believe this place is truly a hidden gem in NJ tucked away in the quiet neighborhood of Cliffside Park. There are couple of great restaurants on this location and this definitely fits the portfolio. The interior is really cool and totally revamped from BBQ chicken days. I love the wooden interior that reminds me of the old Korean bars with a modern twist. The staff is extremely friendly and courteous.  They start you off with spicy seaweed soup with dried pollack which is excellent. I felt like I needed a scoop of rice with it and some kimchee.  I asked for 50 Soju which is a mixture of regular SOJU and Baekseju. It was served in a cool looking bottle. We drank couple of orders of this and they gave us one more bottle for as an service item. They have other SOJU and Maekgulli (Rice Wine) on the menu so looking forward to trying it out; soju with aloe or pomegranate, raspberry rice wine, etc.I am looking forward to returning later to try their other food items and being drunk on good Korean spirits.
<review# 302,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/1/2014,1/27/2014,110,293,,38,14>Fabulous addition to Hoboken! This is something that was sorely needed in this area, and I think they will do very well. My stylist was friendly, and she did a great job. I was also offered a drink while I was getting my hair done. They only have two sinks, so if you are there while they are busy, you may have to wait a bit like I did. Also, i think the prices are a bit too steep, so this is definitely something I will reserve for special occasions. They do offer packages (3 visits, 5 visits, etc.) that will save you a few dollars, so this is something I may look into.The staff was very accommodating and you can also make appointments online. The hours seem to be good, and my stylist told me they open at 7am for anyone who is looking for a blow out on the way to work.
<review# 303,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/26/2013,1/26/2014,158,211,8,11,8>I decided to give this a 5 after much deliberation. Restaurant is BYO (liquor store next door). Service is average. Price points are affordable.The classic sichuan menu is AMAZING.Appetizers: You NEED to get the dan dan noodles. It has one of the best dan dan chili oil sauces I've had. My only complaint about this dish is that they don't use the thick-wider dan dan noodle, so you don't get the full experience. But that freakin' sauce! The minced pork is also bomb. I could easily finish three of these. This one does taste like it has a little bit of peanut butter in it - but totally used in the right amount. You also NEED to get the Pork Soup Dumplings. To our very huge disappointment our last trip here didn't have any more. What a fail. But they're amazing. Just enough soup, comes out hot and steaming, so you burn your mouth a little as you bite into it and the soup spills down your chin and onto your plate. Heaven. The pork is delicious. Huge fan. Dumplings outside of Nepal don't impress me much, but these do.The wontons in chili-oil is also an excellent choice. if you want lighter less carbalicious dumplings these are the way to go. They're small, but bursting with rich flavors. The way Sichuanese marries garlic, ginger, and peppercorns  is unreplicable. It almost looks like you're eating similar dishes, but they've all got their own unique flavors.Another good appetizer choice is the roasted pork. It's simple, but tasty and extra meaty. You're not battling to cut off huge chunks of fat from them. Main course:Last time we had the braised beef dish. This was on the soupy side. Beef was really tender, definitely spicy. It's mixed with scallions and some other veggies. Perfect serving size to share with someone if you're getting a couple of apps, too. Recently, we had the gui zhou spicy chicken. I loved this dish. They have your expected fried red chilis, some sliced bamboo. The chicken has a very subtle crisp. The flavor is great! I think I prefer this over chong quing chicken. It's not overly dry and overly saucy. Great with rice! Please don't give this a crappy rating for the American Chinese Food menu. Just skip over that section and go to Future Chinese/Mexican on Newark Ave  if that's what you're looking for!I hope to never go there and find them out of PORK SOUP DUMPLING AGAIN and I wish the dan dan noodles were thicker. *Sad face* MINUS 0.2 points!!!!!!!!!!!
<review# 304,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/12/2013,1/25/2014,259,348,3,5,4>Came here for a nice, later dinner at 8:00 pm with my wife, and we had a reservation...What's kind of nice about this place is if you come earlier than you reservation, they'll actually turn you away and tell you to come back at your time. It's a bit antiquated in it's practice, but I like that. It shows they keep reservations prompt...The service and ambiance of Samba is awesome -- lit by candles at each table, the menus are on wooden bottles of wine that are flat -- very different and cool.App: Garlic chicken marinaded on the bone, delicious.Meals: Pork ribs and steak with potatoesIt's American with a European twist -- some Portugese and Brazilian flavor in there as well. Very delicious food and BYOB to boot. Bring a nice bottle of your favorite wine, and enjoy a great atmosphere and very well-cooked meal.
<review# 305,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/12/2013,1/24/2014,562,226,,8,5>My first visit and I liked it. Chicken Factory has Korea Town style takeout/delivery chicken.  I chose the boneless chicken with half hot sauce and half soy/garlic.  Both were very tasty and please note the spicy is not for wimps.  The service is polite and efficient; expect to wait a while for your order but in my opinion, that means it's likely being made to order and that's a good thing.  $11.99 for a small order is not necessarily cheap, but there was plenty of food, and you can save half your order for the next day.  There is some seating, yet it looks like the majority of their business is out the door. I'm sure the wings are equally popular and I will try them on a future visit.  I'm not a regular for fast food chicken, but Chicken Factory will certainly satisfy the occasional craving and I'd recommend giving them a try.
<review# 306,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/11/2013,1/23/2014,980,498,5,9,6>Exchange Place is really so much more than just the PATH station. Great views of Manhattan. Plenty of benches to sit & take it all in. Morning exercise classes going on as well as the occasional bit of entertainment or community event. They have live music down here and other kinds of local events. Exchange Place also has a Light Rail stop as well as a variety of places to eat & get coffee. None are that great...mostly just chain/franchise spots, but they get the job done esp. if you are in a hurry.
<review# 307,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/9/2013,1/22/2014,206,553,3,9,7>Le Salbuen has no local equal. It stands alone atop the food chain of Montclair with no disdain for those who fall beneath them. Le Salbuen just seems to have everything you* should want in a local restaurant - farm to table organic produce forged from personal relationships, revolving menu based on availability, excellent location on Walnut within steps from the train for those wishing to leave NYC and enjoy some peace and quiet, a cozy and inviting ambience further enhanced by the limited tables.The food is delectably diverse and full of flavors that will leave you planning your next visit. My personal favorite is the bacon pork burger. Seriously, think about what it is and then order it. I stared at it on the menu and gently dabbed the saliva from the corner of my mouth. I didn't want to order it because it sounded so rich, so out of my norm, so heavy for lunch and then I did anyway. I am still thankful for the perfectly cooked concoction sleeping on a brioche bun that freely melted in my mouth and made me want to savor every bite. The side of fries was the perfect amount, not an Americanized version of overdone decadence that you get at most places. Le Salbuen wants to fulfill you, not fill you to your brim.I encountered Chef John at the Farmer's Market one weekend and he was very friendly and truly passionate about his restaurant (and his bees - yes, they craft their own honey and it's awesome). Let's not think of Le Salbuen as a Brooklyn eatery in Montclair as the Star Ledger has suggested, let's be thankful it is sitting here in Montclair for us all to enjoy. Being from Brooklyn I see the rightful comparison, however, we don't want to encourage these chefs to go back to Brooklyn, we want to keep them here for years to come.__________________* If you don't, why are you reading this anyway?
<review# 308,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/12/2013,1/21/2014,69,139,6,5,6>What can I say, Flowers by Diane is my go-to "I'm sorry" place. Each time (luckily only about a handful) Diane or someone there makes me the best arrangements and for a pretty solid price.She sells flowers, I don't know anything about flowers I know women love them and they cost money that is about the extent of my knowledge. So, when I walk in she usually asks "what's the occasion" or something along those lines. I've had to say well it's a "I screwed up and I'm sorry hun" occasion...and BAM Diane rocks an arrangement that makes all forgiven. She has dug me out of a few holes. She is fast, reliable and really solidly priced. Last time I went in I asked for one red rose, not only did I get a rose she made it spectacular and for only $5. To me, worth it, the rose lasted quite awhile too. Fellas, if you messed up, forgot a birthday, skipped a holiday or just want to say I love you check this place out you'll be forgiven.
<review# 309,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/13/2013,1/20/2014,205,271,1,8,9>I love this place! I have no idea why no one is ever here! Lol. It's kind of in a weird location so it's not really easy to find but it's a pretty big space and fun inside. Nicely decorated, lost of TVs, great music (which can sometimes be too loud but it's fine.) I've been here on three separate trips now and all of the waiters have been very friendly and helpful. They have a TON of drink specials. Happy hour until 10 during the week and until 8pm on Friday?! That's unheard of. The sangria is just okay but their margaritas and tequila and rum drinks are awesome. So stick to those. I've eaten there a few times now also. The guacamole is fantastic but the food does take a little while to come out as my bessfren Tracy T pointed out. The veggie tacos are delish! So I'm pleased that I have an option for when I go. I have no idea why one reviewer called this place "divey." Clearly, they need to visit a "divey" bar in the city to really understand what that word means. This is a really great option for an otherwise pretty lame area. I look forward to going back and to checking out the downstairs.
<review# 310,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/20/2013,1/19/2014,127,169,1,8,6>I've gotten take out from this restaurant twice this week, both times delicious and oh so affordable! Lunch specials are awesome!! I got the chicken stew FRICASSE DE POLLO A LA HABANERA $5.35 after tax (which consisted of a drumstick and a thigh) along with 3 pieces of potato and rice and beans. YUMMO! This was two meals for me.The other meal was for two and it was a feast! For $38, we got ...EL RUMBERITO $8 - CROQUETTES, TAMALE, BEEF EMPANADA, STUFFED POTATO, CORN FRITTER & FRIED PORK SKIN. Liked everything except for the tamale. I don't love the corn fritter but the bf loved it. MIX SALAD WITH AVOCADO $4.50 - not really worth it. regular salad + a few slices of avocadoBOLICHE MECHADO $8 - SLOW-COOKED ROASTED ROUND EYE BEEF STUFFED WITH SPANISH SAUSAGE. bf liked it. It came with some red sauce with onion and peppers. The meat was very tender and the sausage was ok. LECHON ASADO $8 - OUR FAMOUS CUBAN PORK! MARINATED IN CITRUS JUICES, GARLIC, CUBAN SPICES AND SLOW ROASTED FOR HOURS. I liked it a lot after combining the black beans with the dishe. The pork was fall apart tender and for most part, juicy. Flavor was pretty yum but subtle. EL GRAN CUBANO $4 - ROAST PORK MARINATED WITH RUMBA'S SECRET RECIPE, HAM, SWISS CHEESE, DILL PICKLES ON CUBAN BREAD. bf's lunch next day - he said it was a bit dry but otherwise pretty good.  new neighborhood favorite for me!
<review# 311,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/21/2013,1/18/2014,543,83,8,9,5>Pricey to say the least, but I'd rather have an Apple Galette in my mouth than money in my pocket. Caramelized apples in a flaky, sweet, puff pastry with almond slices on top... don't mind if I do. I'd recommend their walnut brownies, pecan sticky buns, their oats and berries bar and the quarter sized chocolate cookies that are prepackaged in the front. Bread wise, I'm obsessed with their olive rolls. You know a roll is good, when you don't want to put any deli meats on it. I usually eat their olive rolls with EVOO (mixed with salt, pepper and crushed red pepper, but customize as you'd like). On a final note, I really like how they have glass windows so you can see the actual bakery in the back. The one part I can't wrap my head around is the fact that the man weighing the pounds of butter is always right next to the counter. I don't want to see a mountain of butter when I'm about to dive into an Apple Galette. I only want to feel the guilt after I eat... Good thing I've trained myself to block this view at the check out. Ignorance is bliss my friends, and so is the Apple Galette!
<review# 312,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/31/2013,1/17/2014,105,133,6,9,6>Accidentally had a date here after my companion decided Hamilton Inn was too loud/crowded . A fervent desire for wine and cheese and to not move our car led us to GP's. I first noticed GP's while ago at the HP BBQ Festival and recall thinking that i'd be so mad if I had to live above that but i was wrong, so wrong! Firstly,the staff was friendly,knowledgeable,and professional.From the lovely red-headed hostess who dealt with our indecisiveness with aplomb (bar or table? table or bar?)The bartenders were friendly and helpful. One had to pause with a few of our questions because it was only her second day and she's still learning the menu, but she got us answers quickly. We wish her luck! My companion was underwhelmed with the selection of by-the-glass red wines, but I was pretty happy with the whites. The artisinal cheese platter was lovely, especially the tiny pots of tomato jam and honey. The escarole and house-made ricotta crostini was nice, a bit spicy but the bread was a bit tough to cut /bite through and there was high fear factor for spillage. We got a slice of tiramisu to go and it was excellent.Bonus 1/2 point for the live guitarist.All in all affordable, romantic, good service, and close to home. winning!
<review# 313,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/30/2013,1/16/2014,266,305,3,8,3>4.5 This place is LEGIT. For the amount you pay it is so worth it for the massive amount of food you get. First of all my girlfriend don't like just ordering one dish but we also didn't want to spend too much so we ordered an appetizer. Our waitress recommended the shrimp and garlic with bread to to dip into the broth. She recommended well because for like 7 bucks you get a ton of baby shrimp doused in fresh garlic juice and the bread is semi warm and not toasted so when you dip the bread in it soaks so much of it that you get all the flavors. The shrimp was cooked perfectly and there was really a lot of shrimp. The main dish we split was the 1/2 chicken and pork rib combo that came with 2 sides and rice. As out 2 sides we chose the black beans and the mashed potatoes with gravy. So basically when we got the food it came out in like 3 plates and the bowl for the beans. We basically ordered food for a family of 4 and a dog. We were speechless on how much was on the table and our eyes lit up. We weren't even done with the app yet so our table was definitely crowded like monkeys in a barrel. The beans were not bad and neither was the yellow rice. The rice was ok it was cooked just right. The mashed potatoes wasn't bad either. The actual mash potatoes was smooth and buttery but the gravy was sub par. The main star was the chicken and the pork ribs. If they had a baby I would nurture it to then eat it like how Homer raised the baby lobster to a champ and ate it. I liked the ribs slightly more because it was seasoned better and fattier and juicer. The chicken was second best. Grilled to perfection and moist. The skin was crispy and went well with the carb overload on my plate. I couldn't even use my utensils because I was like ef it this is how your suppose to eat it even though my girlfriend was very proper and I was like a savaged animal. I would have loved to finish everything but we had to take half home or else we would've ended up sleeping there.Top it off we got free flan on the house which was the icing on the cake. Not sure if they cooked it in alcohol or if it was burnt sugar but it was good. Great service awesome food and all under $25.
<review# 314,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/5/2013,1/15/2014,125,196,2,5,3>I've been coming here since I was little, I think its pretty safe to say I've spent many a drunken nights here for a sobering meal. I also have just come here for a place to hang out and catch up with my friends. I still remember the days sitting in the back corner booth with my friends at 3 am eating disco fries and chain smoking cigarettes.. ahhh those were the days man...I came here with my two friends last Saturday before I went off to Vermont with my boyfriend and friends for the weekend. We came around 1 pm so it wasn't too crowded or busy and we were seated rite away. The waiter came over and took our drink orders. He gave us plenty of time to look over our menus even tho I really didn't need one being that I order the same thing a lot from here consisting of two eggs over easy with well done hash browns and the hardest decision was bacon or sausage lol (they let me have one of each which i thought was very accommodating to my picky self) and of course I had to get a order of curly fries with gravy on the side i mean come on whats breakfast without the curly fries and gravy.My one friend got matza ball soup to start that smelt amazing and she got a cobb salad consisted of a large bed of romaine lettuce with beautifully cooked grilled chicken slices, avocado, tomatoes, bacon, onions, blue cheese and greek dressing. she ordered the salad without the hard-boiled egg ( since shes not a fan)...it was divineMy other friends also got a matza ball soup along with a blt he was very happy with his meal as well.I love coming here for breakfast with friends and hearing all their stories about the night before it's where all the dirt comes out. One of my favorite late night food go to spots try it out if you are in the area
<review# 315,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/3/2013,1/14/2014,287,409,4,8,7>This place is a hidden gem. You would never see it just driving by. Its right in between the walgreens and the lodi police station in a little strip of stores, all the way at the end. When you walk in, you automatically feel like you are in a old italian grandma's house with all the italian decor. Its a very romantic setup. The staff was SUPER. They read so many specials- almost too many. It could have been a completely different menu. They were quick with the food and helpful. For food, we got the calamari (it was ok- not bad not great), the spiedini (same)For entrees we got the penne vodka with chicken and the chicken sorrentino. Both were good. I've had better which is why i'm not giving it a 5 star, but it was still pretty darn good. For dessert, we got the chocolate mousse cake which was AMAZING.. BYOB- extra plusThis is a great spot for a good italian meal with great service.
<review# 316,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/11/2013,1/13/2014,182,207,1,6,4>Such a great small little cafe. Pressed sandwiches and pizzas, all below $10 (and most are hovering around $5). Great coffee, espresso, lattees, etc. And lots of fresh squeezed juice. Vegetarian and vegan-friendly, and also very friendly to all you carnivores.My favorites are the Avocado Black Bean Wrap and the Prosciutto/Mozzarella Panini. The cupcakes here are really good as well. The atmosphere is very bohemian, and the staff is polite and quick. Interesting furniture and free WiFi!!If you are a student at Rutgers in Newark, walk the two and a half blocks from campus and kiss Starbucks goodbye!!
<review# 317,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/12/2013,1/12/2014,51,126,,5,3>I absolutely love ME Casa!  My boyfriend and I decided to finally check it out one Friday night.  The amazing food brought us back to our trip to Puerto Rico!As other reviewers have noted, it is very unassuming from the front.  But one you go inside it is a very intimate atmosphere.  Seems to be a popular spot, but if you go early it doesn't seem to be hard to get a table.  It's BYOB and there is a liquor store just a block away.Our waiter, Justin, was extremely friendly and made us feel very comfortable there.  I ordered the chicken mofungo and my boyfriend ordered the drunk chicken.  As other reviewers have noted the food does take a while to come out, but it's totally worth it!  Both dishes we got were incredible.  The mofungo comes in this delicious red sauce (can't remember the name of it anymore) which makes it moist and tasty.  The chicken on it was phenomenal as well.  Honestly some of the best mofungo I've ever had.  The entrees also come with a side, so it was a lot of food!  We took home our leftovers, though unfortunately they didn't taste as good the next day.Chef Eddie came out at the end of our meal as well, you can tell he is really passionate about the food!I would definitely recommend this place!  We are planning to go back to check out their lunch soon, too.
<review# 318,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/16/2013,1/11/2014,107,211,,4,2>Our friends suggested this as a good brunch place in Jersey City so we met them there on a Sunday morning.  They brought Prosecco, which we mixed with orange juice provided by the restaurant.  We each got a cafe ole, each one which came with different designs on the steamed milk.  It doesn't take much to impress us...We started with croissants which were delicious.  The four of us split two of them, which was plenty.  They were buttery and warm and wonderful.  For my entree I got the smoked salmon crepe which comes with mixed greens on the side.  The crepe was good but I don't know why they included tomatoes in the crepe.  December tomatoes are just sad and shouldn't be served.  But the actual smoked salmon was good.  Just be warned, the portions are normal sized, maybe smaller than what you would expect for brunch.  We all cleared our plates.  Also, no credit cards are accepted here so make sure you have cash.  Luckily everything is reasonably priced so you don't need too much money on you.  Definitely a very cozy and welcoming spot - I'd be happy to come back here in the future.
<review# 319,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/12/2013,1/10/2014,64,253,3,7,3>What's good here? Everything. Their baked goods are delicious and fresh. They have the best rainbow cookies I have ever had. Sugar cookies are soft and sweet. The cannolis are a little bit below the quality of that you can find at Caffe Palermo in Little Italy. Though they are about 60% of the price. The lobster tails are HUGH, with a flaky/crunchy shell. And one time, I asked to buy one. It was a bit broken up so they gave it to me for free. Now that's what I call customer service. Try this place.
<review# 320,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/18/2013,1/9/2014,474,598,6,14,10>Excellent rodizio meal.Much thanks to my wonderful boyfriend for taking me here for a lovely birthday dinner. We both ordered the rodizio and skipped appetizers as the salad bar combined with unlimited meats would be plenty. The salad bar was cute and minimal - and more than enough given the size of the entrees (we scoped out other tables - it would be quite hard not to have leftovers). My favs included the mozzarella (yes, you read that right - smoky grilled cheese - looked like roasted marshmallows but was the perfect mix of smoke, cream and salt and was completely awesome and surprising), top sirloin (melt in your mouth), garlic steak (don't talk to anyone for a day after), chicken and ham. I thought the rest of the meats were just average, although the bf really enjoyed the short rib also. Some of the meats were quite salty, which I loved, but it may be a bit much for some people. I skipped all the carbalicious side dishes. We learned a cool tip from nearby diners - if you order the Churrasco a Fernandes from the menu, you get all of the meats from the rodizio in a huge portion - and get to take the leftovers home.I was really bummed that they cleared away my fried banana that I put aside for dessert, but the grilled cinnamon pineapple slice was yummy.Service was a bit disorganized at times when we were there, but we were advised with an apology that they were training some new staff. Nothing really to complain about.
<review# 321,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/9/2013,1/8/2014,1252,1131,,10,5>This is the sister location of where we are having our wedding so we were excited to be attending a relatives wedding reception here. We have heard many great things about it so our expectations were high. Location: located in a part of Branch Brook Park. It's a little hidden and looks small on the outside. Don't let that fool you. The inside is what you would expect. Very Italian. Food: Very good. The cocktail hour was the highlight (as it should be). Some memorable bites: Chicken Nanina, tower of prosciutto, clams, mussels and sliced beef on bread. Main course was very good. The chateaubriand was medium rare and easily separated by a fork. veggies were only downside as they had no flavor. Staff: Excellent. We are actually going to recommend using a few of them for our wedding. They were always nice and friendly. Weren't overbearing. Glasses were always full and plates quickly cleared. Beverages: Top shelf. Cocktail Area: Multi level. Don't let it be deceiving that where the food is, that's the only seating. There is more on the lower level...with a fireplace and outdoors. Main reception area: Good size dance floors. Bi-level seating. Sistine Chapel esq painting on ceiling with sky light. Parking: Valet only. Quick to get the cars. Tight parking area. Overall, a great spot to have a wedding reception.
<review# 322,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/28/2013,1/7/2014,248,246,1,9,7>Does anyone actually like car shopping? Buying/leasing a new car gives me so much anxiety that I really need to work with good people to keep me grounded.I've been working with Chevrolet of Jersey City since late 2010, when I leased a Chevrolet Cruze with Drake. I've also had my car serviced through their service department. Recently, I leased my second Cruze with Elliott, and I'm a happy return customer. I have to say that Elliott and Bader (General Sales Manager) especially made my experience great this time around. I had some drama with my previous lease, including significant damage that I inflicted upon myself. Luckily, I had signed up for extended wear and tear protection on my previous lease, but there were a lot of questions about how much this protection would actually cover. Elliott and the team worked really hard to assuage my worries and to find out how much I'd be responsible for paying.I was really picky about the exact car I wanted, and Elliott worked hard to locate it at another dealership in Long Island. He had to jump through a lot of hoops to secure that car for me and then get it. The process took longer than I had expected, but Eliott was calling me every day keeping me posted and reassuring me. Even though I had to wait a bit for my car, I wasn't annoyed because I knew exactly what was happening at every stage of the process. I'm so happy with my new car, and I wouldn't hesitate to recommend Chevrolet of Jersey City to my friends and family members. Not only did I get some great service, but I feel like I made some new friends too!
<review# 323,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/1/2013,1/6/2014,174,229,3,8,6>I had a great time checking out this new JC spot!I went here on a Saturday night - it was not too busy, there were two other parties there upon my arrival. Reservations were clearly not needed!The decor inside is pretty magnificent - it sports a pretty modern look and it's very inviting - even if a little bit strange (it's kinda mixed up, it's not your 'traditional ramen spot' by any means!). The space itself inside is actually pretty large and can seat a pretty decent number of parties. From the second you walk into the door, you are greeted by their staff and immediately seated (granted that you do not want take out!).The waitress at our table was very much full of life and quite fun - took the time to check up on us and make sure our order was delivered promptly. It was not a long wait for our food to arrive. I decided to get the A Hen Full ramen option with a Citrus Frescas and a Vanilla Bean Creme Brulee for desert. You check the items off that you wish to order on your menu here and simply hand it back - they'll read it back off and if everything jives, your food will be delivered promptly.I enjoyed my A Hen Full Ramen - the meatballs in the ramen were cooked well, and the temperature was just right. It stayed warm up until completion. The broth was delicious! No complaints about the meal. It was just right for the price.The cream brulee was good too - nice and warm on the inside.I had a good time checking out this spot. I'll be returning to try their breakfast, lunch and other dinner options in the future. This is definitely a welcome addition- and I'm happy it's merely steps from my front door.
<review# 324,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/20/2013,1/5/2014,1162,532,3,7,6>I'm a fan mostly because this was my first half marathon and the course is very flat. I can't recall a single hill.Other reasons I'm a fan:- Parking was no problem. The organizers cap the race at 1500 runners, but only about 225 people ran it. Most of us parked in the park's parking lot. Wow. That's a lot of parks in one sentence.- There's plenty of hydration stations. The race advertised that there would be 5, but there were more than that.- There was plenty of food after the race and they didn't run out.Some negatives:- The $70 entry fee is kind of steep, but you get a long sleeve technical tee and the rest I'm sure goes to a good cause.- It's an open course so you have to stay to the right and run with traffic, which is the exact opposite of what most runners are trained to do. Either way, there were plenty of staff and police controlling traffic at the intersections so I felt safe most of the time.Will I run it again? Probably. Just because it's so flat.
<review# 325,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/3/2013,1/4/2014,440,673,2,9,6>Poppin' at 8pm on a Wednesday night? Indeed that was what my boyfriend and I experienced yesterday. We called maybe two hours prior asking if we needed to make reservations, and they told us it wasn't necessary, which was true, but I wasn't expecting every single table filled in this little restaurant. And when one party left, another one was eager to be seated.So I had a craving of bread and stews last night and that's exactly what we ordered. Some CHICKEN TIKKA MASALA, plain NAAN, a LAMB VINDALOO entree to satisfy the taste buds of my other half, some rice, and SAMOSAS to start with. I'm no Indian food expert, but I thought it was pretty darn good. The stew bases were very flavorful, although I would prefer small cuts of meat in the Tikka Masala and the Vindaloo. Some may even argue that there's not enough meat, but that's what the naan and rice are for! The naan was fresh, the rice was aromatic, the samosas: not the best i've ever had, but decent. Your glass of water? No ice. Definitely in an Indian restaurant.My only peeve with this place is that they only have two servers for the whole floor, and when they're full, you're breaking necks trying to get their attention.
<review# 326,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/26/2013,1/2/2014,372,267,7,10,7>This is a nice little hidden gem! altho they are called best dumplings and have mostly dumplings they do have california rolls and i believe a veggie roll. They also have other types of soups, noodle dishes and other basic korean dishes.The shrimp dumplings i got were pretty frickin good. for $8 i got 12, steamed lil nuggets of delish-ish-ness. However, they were small. I was hoping they would be a bit bigger, and have more filling but the flavour was good. as i opened the lid to them i got SMACKED in the face with a shrimp smell. I was not impressed with the ginger sauce, I've had better from my local chinese place. It was a nice switch up from some lame soy sauce tho. I wish it were a little thicker also...hmm story of my life.Overall, id deff come back here. I wanna try the veggie dumplings and the california combo.$75 cent cans of soda, god damn i feel like I'm in the 90s.PS theres only two tables, one right by the door with like 3 seats and another by the register. The asian ladies were sitting at that one so i had to sit by the door and be cold a little. Also, the plus is ...if you're a big fan..you can take home these little nuggets, $14 to $18 big bag of them to take home...
<review# 327,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/6/2013,1/1/2014,2847,322,16,31,25>I have been to this small Middle Eastern restaurant several times for lunch. The first time I visited was with my Israeli friend and co-worker. He was there before and really liked it as being authentic cuisine. It looks like a hole in the wall from the outside, but, this place clearly is busy with downtown locals during lunch time. Check out my pics of the corner store front. They must be good, because they have been at this location for more than 20 years. They are conveniently located near my new Newark office. The shawarma chicken pita for only $6.25 is really tasty. I plan to try some of their other specialties including their spiced rubbed lamb Kebab's. There will be a next time. This is a small place. There are some tables so we usually eat inside.I would rate this 3.5 stars only because the place is not so appealing from the outside, but, the food is definitely good middle eastern taste and quality as both my friend and I can attest to.
<review# 328,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/26/2013,12/31/2013,1550,324,9,16,10>Hot biscuits and madeleines with honey butter.  Sigh.A quarter madeleine reappeared as the amuse bouche and it was topped with a bacon and onion jam.  Sigh.Did you call to make your reservation yet?  What are you waiting for?Wife started with foie gras, shiro plums, thyme and honey.  I tried to convince her that we should order another one.  This was one of the better versions of foie gras!I began with crawfish, jalapeno, okra, garden tomato and corn cake.  This great little course was packed with flavor!Wife's main was the Jurgielewicz duck, succotash, corn mash, lavender and red wine.  It was gone long before I got a chance to taste it.My main was the Barnegat scallops, "cream less" cream corn, and hen of woods mushrooms.  This was a wonderful dish.We had a side of the truffle steak fries too!Dessert for her was tart, chocolate curd, Graham cracker, creamsicle, and almond crunch.My dessert was ginger cake, peach, oatmeal crumble and frozen cream cheese.
<review# 329,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/25/2013,12/30/2013,37,37,4,7,5>I live right across the street. Stopped by after my pedicure down the street despite the fact that I'm currently on a diet. Boy am I glad I did! First of all, walking in everything looks open, clean and fresh even though the outside doesn't look too much of anything. There were so many varieties of baked goods. Again because I am on a diet, I decided to only get a little piece of a brownie and a lemon bar. They looked so delish behind the counter and boy do they taste good for real as well! Not to mention, the girl working behind the counter was extremely friendly and helpful in picking out my brownie. :) There aren't many places out there that have good food along with good customer service nowadays. Definitely will come back again whenever I want to treat myself.
<review# 330,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/3/2013,12/29/2013,188,267,2,8,7>I really like Apna Bazar. Since its opening a few years ago, it is the only market where I shop if I need Indian goods. There is no minimum for credit cards, nor are the lines crazy and unorganized like the other grocery around the corner. Staff is nice enough and attentive. Produce is standard for a predominantly Indian grocer: you may not be able to get all your fruits and veggies here, but you can get the usual herbs, garlic, ginger, etc. Shelves are clean and well-stocked; prices are more than reasonable. It should be noted that the extensive frozen food section is full of palak paneer, kofta, etc., but unlike standard American frozen crap, these are all of good quality. You'll notice the ingredients are all recognizable and there are no unpronounceable chemicals and/or additives! I don't eat frozen meals but I am not ashamed to buy these.Selection of pantry items, etc. is more than adequate and the spice selection is stellar. Needed brown mustard seed - at A&P, a small vial of it was $8.50. At Apna Bazar, I got a huge bag for $2.50 (ditto for black peppercorns). Sometimes everything is labeled by its Indian name, but you'll find a wide variety of whole and ground spices: cardamom, cumin, mustard, etc. Same goes for the dried peas, lentils, etc.Parking is a bit easier here (presumably depending on the time you go) because there is a quiet side street right next to the store. Also walking distance from JSQ.
<review# 331,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/20/2013,12/28/2013,308,247,2,13,5>This was probably one of the best massage experiences I've had in a while.  Ive had  a few massaged in my time and enjoyed them - but this experience I not only got my aches to feel better but also felt like I was pampering myself.  The treatment by everyone there really made that happen. Najat, the owner and aesthetician, is great.  She is very out going, fun and makes you feel comfortable right away. The spa itself is very clean and has a relaxing atmosphere.  Lois did my massage and one I told him what was bothering me he went to town. Before you start everyone gets a nice warm foot scrub to get things started and you have great essential oils to choose from. He uses those oils and has you inhale them deeply a few times to help you calm down.  It was great. As far as the massage,   you can tell Lois knows what he is doing.  He did an awesome full body massage and really focused on the areas he found problematic.  It hurt so good.  They have tea, water, coffee before and snacks while you wait - and have a bottled water waiting for when you get out of your treatment room, as in Lois  was waiting for me with  water in hand.  The place is a little pricier than other places but the service and treatment you get make it well worth it.  Excited to try their facials and other treatments they offer soon!
<review# 332,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/26/2013,12/27/2013,138,132,,7,5>A'putia has been on my radar since is opened last month. I finally was able to get a free weekend to try the cannoli that I heard so much about.This cozy, authentic Sicilian cafe is in a league of its own in Hoboken. There are plenty of coffee places to get your morning coffee-on-the-go, but this places gives you that feeling of finding a seat and staying a while. I ordered a cappuccino, which was smooth and delicious, and a panni with fresh mozzarella and prosciutto on focaccia bread. My meal was beyond satisfying. I topped off my meal with a large cannolo and a half dozen small cannoli for home. The cannoli are assembled using ingredients  flown in from Italy, including the sheep's milk ricotta filling. I've had many cow's milk ricotta filling cannoli in my time and the sheep's milk filling is definitely the best. Do yourself a favor and stop by a'putia for a coffee and cannolo. It will be the best decision you make.
<review# 333,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/2/2013,12/26/2013,94,105,6,8,6>Hiiiii!! Tis' been a while since I have yelped.  Aside from moving amd having a baby in this time I have also tried Le Bretzel.  I could eat a pretzel burger daily.  The girl who crafts these beauties is amaze balls!!  Thick, juicy, tasty, and oh so easy on my  pockets.  I added cheddar and bacon, got fries and fell in love.  Two days in a row is how I recommend you eat these burgers.  Bought one for my grandmother today... She too fell in love.  I yelp for her when I say Le Bretzel got it goin on!!  I will continue too add to this review as I taste the entire menu.  Please everyone show this girl some love!!  She is on point.  She is inexpensive.  She is my burger go heavy hitter from this moment forth.The pretzels are light, they are crispy on the outside, and they have the perfect touch of sea salt.  For Christmas I want a loaf of pretzel bread please.  I feel like this girl belongs in the "get in my belly" hall of fame.  My WCW is the executive chef at Le Bretzel. I could go on and on but I wont.  thank you.
<review# 334,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/14/2013,12/25/2013,1455,389,12,9,6>Thanks to the Hoboken Beer & Soda Outlet, often referred to as a pinnacle of innovation, mostly by me, I no longer need to walk home from the liquor store, arms in full burn mode, in an effort to obtain what can only be referred to as "quantities" of choice beverages.I also think that it's worth mentioning that (save for the car washes) this is the only drive through anything in Hoboken.  Sure, you could sit in your car and idle in other towns for fast food, Starbucks, Dunkin Donuts...but while you're doing that, I'll be here filling up my trunk with liquid goodness.I might think that the only point of anxiety for some is not knowing what they want right away....no worries.  Pull in, and go all the way to the end, and feel free to get out and browse.  Don't miss the beer room, with rows of specialty beer that you won't ever find in a 30 rack.I drove in, a guy came to my window, asked me what I was looking for.  We were stocking up for a party, so I rattled off some water, sodas, bud light, etc.  Then I took a walk around the beer room and picked a few selections, as well as a few bottles of cider.  The guys put everything in my trunk while I continued to browse, mentally bookmarking things to get the next time we needed anything.  To pay, the guy that helped me just yelled what I ordered, item by item, to a lady in a booth, who then confirmed each item through a loudspeaker.  It is old school, and it is a very appropriate way to cash out.  He took my card, I signed, noted how much more expensive I thought it would be, and I was on my way.Just remember: as fun as it was watching them stuff your car with case upon case, there will come a time where you need to unload your car.  The guys don't come home with you, and you just ordered 100 lbs of liquid.  Have fun.
<review# 335,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/6/2013,12/24/2013,256,803,,6,2>So happy they opened in the area and glad we finally found out.  Btw next door, Saigon Pho is opening up in mid Oct - I can see myself frequenting this mall more often.It's cash only, stop complaining, it's quite typical for smaller restaurants.  Maybe it will eliminate the snobby crowd for the better.  We came at 1pm on Sat and it was packed.  Had to wait for about 10 min and we just scanned around to see what other people ordered.It's authentic - serving both Szechuan and Taiwanese dishes.  Yea prices are probably about $2 more but beats driving to Flushing or Ctown.We got noodle #1.  Got the wide fresh noodles - whatever broth base you get, get the wide fresh noodles.  The rice with pork sauce is one of the Taiwanese dishes they offer - good flavor, on the saltier side.  Definitely a repeat item.We also got the dumpling with the spicy oil and also the cucumber salad with spicy oil - both very good.  Very spicy too.  You've been warned.The pig ear is a disappointment.  Skip next time.Service is ok for an Asian restaurant.  The owner Josephine was there as the main hostess.  The space is recently renovated and seems clean.  Our only issue was that we had to keep asking for water.  Considering that they serve quite spicy dishes, they should provide a jug of water for the table. Every time we asked for water, the waiter had to take our glasses to the back which is kind of odd and not efficient.
<review# 336,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/2/2013,12/23/2013,126,130,,16,3>I was strolling around for a baby shower venue with my best friend. We drove through Bloomfield, and I always  wanted check out Bar Cara, (which I never tried). I walked in and it's Yellow Plum.  The atmosphere was cute, chic, yet simple and elegant. The art work on the wall is colorful yet not overwhelming. It definitely brings out the place. It's good for a romantic date, drinks with your honey, or girls night out for cocktails. The hostess was very welcoming and helpful.We were introduced to the owner and he introduced the catering packages. He was very informative and particular about every aspect of the menu; down to how drinks were made, what ingredients were used in the cocktails and food menu,  and how many ounces per drink. He had a confidence about his place that went beyond a sales pitch. He answered many of the questions we did not have to ask. He was very flexible regarding menu choices, and they even will allow a taste testing once venue and menu is selected. I appreciate that the catering menu did not differ from their menu, but they will work with you. I hope we all agree on this place.Afterwards, I decided to grab drinks and try an appetizer. Wow! The mac & cheese  with to short ribs is heaven for a true foodie. If a place can spice up a dish like that, I'm sold. It had a comfort food/eclectic/fine dining flair. The other items on the menu were enticing. I appreciate the detail in each dish on the menu. Yes, the meals are on the high side, but a true foodie wouldn't be able to resist testing out the creatively described choices. After tasting the appetizer, I am willing to test out the entrees for the cost. Trust me, who wouldn't be curious about oxtail ravioli!! Next on my list!!! The bartenders made excellent suggestions regarding the appetizer and cocktails. The Red Angel is a delicious and refreshing drink. They were even able to make a virgin one for my expecting friend, and it was just as good. I love a creative and well thought out menu. I could not have been more pleased, and the friendliness, helpfulness, and welcoming nature from the entire staff was a bonus. They were beyond accommodating. I sensed that they were still learning, and I appreciated the great display of team work helping one another to get questions answers for inquiring consumers. Nothing is worst than witnessing coworkers snapping on one another or growing annoyed with customers because one or none knows the answer. This didn't happen here.  I hope this place keeps up the great work, as they have found a new customer. I can't wait to try the happy hour!!
<review# 337,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/3/2013,12/22/2013,451,412,5,8,5>The rosemary chicken with asparagus & ricotta gnocchi is cream in your pants amazing.Now on to details. I hate chicken. It's always dry and flavorless. The chicken in this dish is rich and succulent and perfectly salted. The ricotta gnocchi is so soft I imagine when I go to heaven I'll be laying in a bed of ricotta gnocchi from Matthew's.  And the sauce just ties this dish together marvelously.  This dish was only a special for the evening, but if this was on the regular menu I would come here very frequently.  The other dishes we had were very tasty.  I can't wait to come back and try something else.  Bar drinks are yummy and the wine is super affordable by the glass.  Only downside the noise is way too loud, but maybe I'm becoming an old married lady...
<review# 338,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/23/2013,12/21/2013,87,342,2,7,2>Second night getting Korean Fried Chicken this week. The wings were great. Soy Garlic and Sweet Spicy. The skin was extra crisp, and there was just enough sauce on them to give flavor without making it soggy. Just as good as BonChon locations in the area, just much better seating. However, the kitchen closes around 11pm, as my table was the last one allowed to be served. The restaurant is fairly large, with a large bar and long communal tables in the middle. Smaller tables line the outer area. The tables near the entrance are high tables with high stools. I would hate to sit there. Beer prices were a bit high, more typical of Hoboken/NYC. The kimchi kesadilla was disappointing. It looked really good, but i think i would've been happier with a regular quesadilla and kimchi on the side. Flavor didn't balance as well as I had hoped. Could have used some bulgogi to balance out the kimchi a bit. Service was very friendly, and quick. I'd go back, especially if they have specials.
<review# 339,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/14/2013,12/20/2013,246,385,6,7,6>Not nearly as big as the Clifton location, but also not as crowded!I was a little confused by the parking the first time I went, but I have since learned that there is ample parking in the back.  You don't go to Corrado's for canned, frozen, and other stuff you can get at a larger supermarket.  Those items will always be a tad on the pricey side.  But the produce, meat and cheese makes coming here worthwhile.  Even though this store is smaller, they still have a great selection of veggies, fruits, and herbs.  I always get the bags of parm cheese.  I was a little perturbed on my last visit by the guys behind the meat counter seemingly laughing at customers.  They were looking around at people, pointing, and laughing.  Instead of asking anyone if they needed assistance, they stood huddled behind the counter giggling for the entirety of my time in the store (about 30 minutes).  Boys, come on, are you 12? Everyone else I encountered in the store was nice and helpful. What else can I say? If you know Corrado's in Clifton, this is just a mini-version of that store.
<review# 340,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/24/2013,12/19/2013,54,109,3,8,5>This is a great restaurant for a few reasons. First and foremost, the food is very good. Not mushy mexican ingredients on a plate. Looking at the appetizers on the menu, there are 2 to choose from, 1 being ceviche. Great. Fantastic. That lets me know that they are obviously going to do ceviche right because they are not trying to pump out 15 other appetizers. And yes, the ceviche was awesome. Super fresh and light. I def. recommend it. I had a chile relleno stuffed with chicken. Wow. It had a nice fry, slight heat, and so much flavor from the sauces on top. It wasn't drowned in condiments, it was balanced perfectly.The service was wonderful. Our waiter was so nice, and so attentive, that my husband and I commented as soon as he walked away on how his service earns this restaurant a great review. I guess we constantly take for granted that when you are paying money to eat, there should be a certain level of service expected. Dining here, we were reminded how a server should treat customers. He would constantly come over and ask how the food tasted. When he saw that we were finishing up the ceviche, he asked if we were ready for our mains. He chatted with us for a bit about the first snow shower outside. He was the perfect combination of friendly and professional. This was our first of, what will be, many meals at this restaurant.
<review# 341,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/8/2013,12/18/2013,67,107,5,10,8>So I drive past this place on a Monday and see it is opened. I walk in and make an appointment for Thursday. As I walked in the place is clean and what one would expect from a place with Razor in its name.  I leave and keep on with my day. On Tuesday I see that my day has some free time and a nice close shave sounds like a good idea. Lucky me they have a slot and slide in. They explained that they do a razor shave using a hot and cold towel process. I ask for my head and face razor shave and off we go. Gil (aka Bubie) is my guy for this journey. He cleans his station as I sit down and readies his tools. I sit and off we go. His skill and closeness was one of the best I have had in years. He listened when I explained how I wanted my goatee shaped.  He did a great job and I thought the $35.00 for head and face shave was well worth it.  I can see the young folks liking it more for the hip hop feeling. But they still can do an old school shave like an old time barber shop. I can see this place making it in our town I just hope they don't overprice themselves after some time. I wish them well and will visit them once I am back home from Nigeria.Remember to always drink responsiblyCrazy Cubano Out
<review# 342,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/25/2013,12/17/2013,128,167,2,6,5>Once in a while my husband and I like to gorge ourselves with sushi at an All-you-can-eat and preferably where the setup is made to order.  Our spot in NJ for these binges is usually Sushi Village up in Westwood, which is a bit of a trek.  So we were happy to discover there is also a Sushi Village in Little Falls. When I go to an AYCE, I lower my standards for sushi.  Quantity over quality, right?  Well, last Friday night the sushi here tasted pretty fresh.  (I like to believe the myth that fish shipments arrive on Fridays and I avoid sushi on Sundays.)  In addition to the sushi, there is also a variety of cooked food options.  As for the 4 stars, it is for the value and quality compared to other AYCE.Our order included:From Sushi Bar- PEPPER SALMON Sashimi - best item on the menu!  Name does not do it justice.  It's a slice of salmon splashed with ponzu sauce (my guess) with pieces of mango and cucumber.  The salmon slice is small, so order at least 4.- Mushroom Avocado roll - surprisingly tasty.  Mushroom was marinated.- Yellowtail jalapeño - nice heat- A bunch of Specialty rolls.  These rolls tend to taste the same after a while but in a pleasing way.  Majority of them have spicy tuna, crunchy panko flakes, and a sweet ingredient.   From the kitchen- BBQ Squid - good texture and tasty in the sweet marinate- Chicken Nuggets - not your Micky D's nuggets.  This was more for my 1yr old, but we ended up eating it as well.  It's prepared in a seasoned batter and covered in a sweet sauce.  - Shrimp Tempura - one order contains 2.  The shrimp is medium not jumbo and shrimp was somewhat limp. I would skip this next time.- Red bean and green tea ice cream.  Yum! As far as the service, our waitress uttered very few words.   You are filling in order forms after all, so little communication is needed I suppose.  The restaurant has a modern feel and we sat in the dining room in which the walls change colors.  Odd for a sushi restaurant but it's cool.   Overall, we enjoyed our sushi binge and we will return.
<review# 343,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/16/2013,12/16/2013,84,106,4,7,4>This place is awesome!!!! Ive been here a handful of times and they never disappoint. Its byob with no opening charge and the food is generously priced given their portion sizes. The "typical colombian" dish is by far the best meal they have and can easily be split between two people. For $16 you get chicharones, steak, rice, avocado, beans, eggs, sausages, plantains.. i might even be missing stuff here. It really is an awesome meal and service is generally good, even with a full house.They always seem to have something new when i go and they had a mariachi band play music last time and got some authentic colombian lollipop for dessert. Very good atmosphere, price, and most importantly, FOOOOD!! BRING YOUR APPETITE
<review# 344,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/20/2013,12/15/2013,277,585,8,11,8>This was my first time at this DMV and I was very happy with my experience. I had to pick up a document for work and the idea of going back to the DMV left a very uneasy feeling in my stomach. But it had to be done. This DMV was about one block from the Journal Square Path Terminal. Very convenient. I walked into the facility and saw a line. No surprise. I mentally prepared myself for this experience. I burned incense, meditated, read the Bible...trust me I was ready. Ha!I walked over to the gentleman at the desk and told him the reason for my visit. He gave me a form to fill out but I told him I have the same form already filled out. Then he told me to "walk pass the long line and over to 'Window 5'". What???!!! Walk pass the line? And "Window 5" had no line. Yay for me! But I didn't want to get too excited because I didn't want to jinx myself. You guys know what I'm talking about. Sometimes when celebrating too early, things just don't work out in your favor.Anyways, I walked over to "Window 5" and was ready for those in line to yell, "Hey get back in line!"...."No cutting!"..."What the f@&% are you doing?!" But, no one said a peep. Hmmm, so far so good. A woman walked over to help me. She was professional, pleasant, and quick. Everything went smoothly. My total time at this DMV was less than ten minutes. I think this qualifies for the Guinness Book of World Records as the fastest time at the DMV...EVER!!! Right? No seriously, I think I will look into this ;-)
<review# 345,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/20/2013,12/14/2013,299,312,6,7,6>We decided to grab dinner here tonight due to the promise of all-you-can-eat pasta (with glass of wine). After reading the delicious reviews, especially the ROTD from fellow yelper Bloss, we could do anything but resist.We both went with the special: I had linguine with marinara.She had angel hair with marinara.We had meatballs.We had bread.We had red wine.This place is delicious and simple.This place is oldschool jersey italiano.The place is primo when it comes to service.A perfect spot for dinner tonight...considering the passing of the great James Gandolfini. Respect.
<review# 346,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/24/2013,12/13/2013,340,288,7,13,9>Wow who would have thought 1 & 9 has such a great cafe/bakery!I had the mozzarella on the ciabatta ($6.25) while the man had the italian on italian (also $6.25). Cappuccino came from a keurig type machine so not for those purists. Just as everyone has mentioned the bread was the star of the sandwich.The space is very clean and large with Italian inspired furniture. The ambiance calls for a good book and a hot cup of coffee.If you are ever on 1&9 and stuck in traffic which is probably always do not hesitate to stop by.
<review# 347,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/7/2013,12/12/2013,189,210,3,13,5>ONE: Chinese foodTWO: plus an excellent Sushi barTHREE: Bento box with negamaki/gyoza/shumai was greatFOUR: Extensive & creative sushi listFIVE:  Great online website & menuSIX:  Avocado & peanut roll: my favorite. As rare as a unicorn on a sushi menu.HAPPINESS: Is patronizing a small business because you love the food and the owners.  The first time we tried Six Happiness, I was not thrilled with the Chinese, just thought it was ok.  But my husband could not stop commenting how wonderful and amicable the owner was when he picked up our take out.  So we decided to try the sushi and give this business another shot based on great service.   This visit, as my husband waited for our sushi, Gina, the owner told him to please take a soda from the case (on the house) so he would have a cold drink while he waited for his order on this sweltering hot July day.Very nice sushi with a giant side of heart-warming attitude.
<review# 348,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/22/2013,12/11/2013,2315,442,29,38,36>Review #400Free Range Chicken  Imported Japanese Charcoal & Sea Salt  Outrageous Sake, Shochu And Beer Prices  Great Food From The Kitchen  As Of 11/09/13 Expansion Of This Space Is UnderwayYaki means to cook over direct heat and Tori is bird in this compound word so by definition yaki-tori means grilled chicken and that's what really shines here at Yakitori 39. This small space is somewhat makeshift in its configuration with not a whole lot of thought or money going into the design or layout, the space is just repurposed and Japanese themed but thats ok with me as long as the restaurant delivers on its premise. (*Note: this is how I derive all my star ratings) Service is efficient and very business like in this busy restaurant, no issues here.The chicken skewers are very good (anything chicken or duck for that matter) however some of the other proteins fall short being cooked in this manner. I would stick with the bird here as you will find the whole chicken on the menu, neck to ass and all points between. I don't want to run down the menu but be adventuress, it's all good! The other yakitori menu items I highly recommend are any vegetable skewers, all home runs in flavor and preparation. For a starch the Japanese potato salad is unbelieveable and onigiri satisfying.Everything that comes from the kitchen run by Chef Yoshi is very good, he prepares seasonal washoku & yoshoku dishes that are mouth watering. Some dishes are off the menu so inquiry will be necessary to find them. The one item in particular you should know about is their ramen, available in shio or tonkatsu it's unique and delicious. Chef Yoshi is a talented young man and has great passion for what he does, if you see him walking the floor of the restaurant stop and talk with him he loves to hear your feedback.Part of the menu comes from Zen Sushi next store, there is a window pass connecting the two. The principal owner is American but the Head Chef Yoshi (part owner), staff and much of the clientele are Japanese, finding a good yakitori place in Bergen County is a blessing but it comes at a price. With a yakitori menu and izakaya theme the pricing for sake, shochu and beer is nothing short of a shake down, $27 for a pitcher of Asahi -1 star and I'm being kind!This style of eating has everything to do with being social, so drinking is integral but the pricing prohibitive. I've eaten pretty much everything on the menu (photos in gallery) and would visit 3-4 times a month but the cost for two is easily $75 due to the overpriced booze.Construction has begun on the expansion of Yakitori 39 to include the space that was Zen Sushi next store, this will more than double the size and a small sushi bar will still be included. BSE1
<review# 349,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/18/2013,12/10/2013,238,435,3,5,3>I really liked what I tried from here. I got take out, so I can't say much about the dining experience, but the place does look nice. Lots of tables plus a bar with a few seats. Take out experience was good- ordered on the phone, food was ready in 10 minutes and waiting for me when I got there, and the container it was in held the burger and fries without any issues. I thought the burger was delicious.  I got a house blend burger with pimento cheese and a side of fries.I often find the buns on a burger to be in the way and don't eat them, but this one was really good. Not too thick, great texture (not like a usual sesame bun or roll; this was kind of brioche like) and just a little toasted. The perfect bun for the burger, in my opinion. I love pimento cheese and so was excited to see it as an option. It was slightly salty, though that may be expected.  I asked for my burger to be medium; I think it was probably closer to medium rare and I wish it was cooked just a little more. Also, I thought it lacked flavor/seasoning. Was it the best hamburger patty I've had? Probably not, but it was definitely good. The side of fries was excellent too. Despite it being take out, they were still pretty crispy. They were delicious, perfectly seasoned, and tasted fresh. The prices seem pretty reasonable too. The regular house blend patty is $7; turkey and lamb cost a bit more (they also have chicken and veggie burgers). Cheese is $1 more; other toppings (and they have a lot- mushrooms, onions, runny egg, different kinds of bacon, and more) are $1-2 more. They also have a bunch of different sauces available. If you want fries, you can add them for $2. Most of the menu is devoted to burgers, but they also have some salads and various appetizers like mac and cheese and wings. Is it the best burger in JC? I think that's debatable, but this place is in contention.  If you are looking for more of a traditional burger, without a lot of frills, you may want to go elsewhere.  I like the option of adding different toppings to the burger and think the bun is really great. In terms of flavor of the meat and the cooking, I think it is good, but maybe not the best. Of course, I've only tried one  so I may be speaking too soon. I would definitely come back here when I want a burger in the future.
<review# 350,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/16/2013,12/9/2013,137,143,3,7,3>Order the Sicilian slice. It's out of this world!!Many who follow me on yelp kno my love for great pizza, be it thin crust ny style, authentic wood burning Neapolitano style, ny style coal oven style and one of my favs authentic thick crust Sicilian style.Bruno's in Clifton was brought to my atention by my cousin Johnny who has been going here for the past 30 plus years since they opened.I was always under the impression this was a Mr. Bruno's part of the small north jersey based mini franchise but is not affiliated with them. Mr Bruno's is good, I hear the one in Lyndhurt being the best n quite similar to this Bruno's but I still have not had the opportunity to check them out.On to the PIZZA here at Bruno's of Clifton.The owner, who I believe is the son of the original owner mans the pizza counter and tends to the pizzas himself. His daughter helps with waiting on tables and some light back kitchen duties.I can't comment ln the regular pizza, As I have stopped by approx four times since May 2013, but can't get myself to order plain slices, when the Sicilian is this good it's just not happening.The sauce is what really makes this pizza, it's unique, fresh, tons of garlic but well balalnced all the way. It has a light dusting of what i suspect is pecorino on top.The pie is reminiscent of grandma pie style pizza, where it is lightly cheesed with mozzarella first on the dough and the sauce is placed no top of the mozzarella.The dough is very airy, light yet crisp.It's an outstanding pizza and won of the best in NJ for its style.And yes I said won, as it has won my heart and stomach and most definitely a believer!!!
<review# 351,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/27/2013,12/8/2013,153,498,4,5,5>I clicked on Steph's post on Facebook about the bacon wrapped sausage lolipops and it just so happened I had to run an errand in Dumont the next day.  I'm not much of a fatalist, but seeing as I don't think I've ever been to Dumont, I took it as a clear sign.The best combinations are the ones that are right in front of us but never connected, and bacon wrapped sausage bites are so frustratingly obvious I can't believe I spent 30 years, and probably 15 cooking sausage and bacon, without wrapping one pork around the other pork.  The 'cue is probably second only to Dinosaur in Newark. as far as Jersey goes.  The portions are outstanding (I usually polish off everyone else's plate) and for $15 for a chicken and rib combo with two sides, you really can't go wrong.  It's about a half dozen ribs and a 1/4 chicken (specify if you have a preference); the ribs are good but the chicken is transcendent with perfectly crispy salty skin.  The mashed potatoes were creamy and delicious and the roots (carrots & parsnips) were simple but tasty.Also, the bartender was the man; very friendly and up to chat on the finer points of barbecue.  The lunch carving station is also a great deal for $10 if you're in the area.
<review# 352,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/27/2013,12/7/2013,99,85,4,7,4>Free transportation from Staten Island to lower Manhattan. Runs 24 hours per day, pretty much every 30 min with some exceptions during off peak hours.  Stunning views of the Statue of Liberty and the Manhattan city skyline. For those who enjoy people watching, the fellow ferry riders provide a feast for the eyes. Especially late night. It's free entertainment.  Parking at the ferry is CHEAP. 8 bucks buys you overnight parking for up to 18 hours. There are car services waiting at the terminal if you've had drinks and need a ride home. But beware, the car services are shady, charge astronomical prices and will squeeze you in a car with other people you don't know, charging the other riders the same ridiculous rates.  Buses also run constantly so you don't need to pay these crazy rates but if you're like me, when you get home early morning you're willing to pay whatever the cost to get you home to your cozy bed, STAT.
<review# 353,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/2/2013,12/5/2013,34,323,,3,4>We stopped in shortly after they opened to try out the newest (and most welcome addition) to the neighborhood and have to say its great. It's a Hawaiian-ish style / Mexican spot and the menu reflects it. It's a pretty simple menu but has options for everyone. They have burritos, tacos, nachos, quesadilla's, wings and strips. Pretty much everything you'd expect. We each got a burrito (my wife got the Bird is the Word and I went with one of the special burritos). They were a good size and very filling. We also ordered the taco of the day just to split and it was pretty good too. They give you decent portions along with plenty of chips on the side. Add in their 'salsa bar' and there's no way you're leaving hungry. All in all its very affordable and the better Mexican-food option in the area. Yes they had a few teething troubles and a few things to work out, but based on the fact that they have numerous other locations, I'm sure they'll get past those and will become a great spot quickly.
<review# 354,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/21/2013,12/4/2013,280,185,7,11,5>Like my profile says, I'm kind of a brunch snob, so it takes a lot to get a five-star brunch rating from this Yelper. That being said, this place was still solid.I started with the biscuit with jam, and let me just say, the housemade jam is jammin'. The biscuit was big and flaky, though I would have preferred it to be heated and I definitely would have been happier with more of that sweet jam!Being on a doctor-enforced low-carb diet, and having just cheated by having that sinfully delicious biscuit, I opted for a high-protein, high-fat meal: skillet baked eggs (pick any two add-ins from the menu) with homemade sausage and smoked gouda. And the crowd goes wild! *cheers and jeers*Holy shit. The combination of the salty, savory sausage with the over-easy eggs and the little pieces of melty gouda had me in a momentary trance. Though the portion sizes aren't as big as I expect from brunch restaurants, I left feeling full and satiated.I'd love to come back for dinner (or more brunch).
<review# 355,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/15/2013,12/3/2013,475,804,9,13,10>Wait, there's a restaurant in the back of Pizza Masters?  What?I was shooting the breeze with a nice lady at church, talking about where my family should go to eat for my mom's birthday, and she suggested pizza masters.  I thought she was nuts.  Nicely, I said we were looking for something slightly more formal than a pizzeria, and she said, I know, go to the restaurant in the back of the pizzeria.  What?  Restaurant in the back?  Can I, Bloss, Yelper extraordinaire, live in a neighborhood for 2 years and not know about the only Italian restaurant with-in walking distance from my house?  Well played Renato's Pizza Master, well played.So we walk in and I see 2 or 3 of my neighbors eating at other tables, and I realized I'm the only person in the Heights that did not know about this restaurant.  Service was friendly and the food was good.  Not mind blowing or anything, but good solid Italian food, especially for my neck of the woods.  My linguine with clams was more than good, it was outstanding.  The red sauce was perfect, the clams were great, and the pasta was al dente.  My entree came with a little iceberg side salad and I tried the eggplant rotini appetizer, which was ok.  They have a full bar as well, and their house wine is Cupcake wine, which isn't too shabby at all.  The prices are not cheap, but again, everything was good and you can't beat the convenience.
<review# 356,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/23/2013,12/2/2013,257,123,9,8,9>Sharky's is a dive bar with really awesome food. To the yelpers on here who complained about it being small and divey. Well what did you expect? This isn't a 5 star restaurant so get over it. Don't come here expecting a classy place. It's a dive bar in every sense of the word. I haven't had any alcoholic drinks here because I only come during work hours so my review is solely based on their food. My office is right next door and we all get take out quite often. Their lunch specials are fantastic: $5.95 for either a grilled cheese, hamburger, 8 piece wings or chicken parm that all come with fries and a drink. Their wings are superb; very crispy and tasteful not soft or fatty like some other places. Honestly, they're probably some of the best wings I've ever had but I haven't tried all their sauce flavors yet (working on it). I'm most intrigued yet frightened by the one they call "hell". It sounds intimidating but I think I could handle it. I really love spicy food. All their sauce flavors can be used for shrimp instead of wings too, if you'd prefer. So far, I've only had medium, hot, extra hot and BBQ. They let you mix flavors together too if you want so you can make your own unique sauce, so to speak. BBQ mixed with extra hot sauce is my personal favorite so far. All you yelpers keep saying how good Sharky's clams and seafood are. They have specials on Wednesdays with clams (50 cents) but I'm struggling with the idea of eating clams from a dive bar. I think I might take the dive (pun intended) and just try them next time I come. The service here can be very hit or miss because they're understaffed a lot. This goes for lunch time only as I've never been here for happy hour or late night. UPDATE: Tried caesar and garlic mixed flavored wings. I liked it but a little too garlicky for my taste (I asked for it, I know). Still very good but I prefer the extra hot sauce and BBQ mix the most. UPDATE AGAIN: I tried the hell sauce on some chicken tenders and it was spicy as hell. It's a slightly delayed spicy; it'll take a minute to hit your taste buds.
<review# 357,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/2/2013,12/1/2013,237,200,8,9,9>WHAT DOES THE BV STAND FOR TO YOU?The official reason is that it was opened by Benny and Vicky Balidemaj in 2008 and their first initials would satisfy most as a plausible solution to this mystery, but I'm not so sure...Beaujolas Villages.Nothing against the many NJ BYOBs, but it's nice to find a few places that have their own wine and full bar available just in case you forgot your bottle at home or didn't have a chance to grab something from the liquor store before arriving for your reservation. And just in case Beaujolas  is not your thing, I spotted a nice Brunello di Montalcino on their extensive wine list too,Buona Vodka.They offer Rigatoni alla Vodka, but as the waiters will tell you, they will make a dish anyway you want as long as they have the ingredients. Want to change the pasta to Spaghetti? No problem. Want to add some Sausage? No problem. Just good food without some pretentious chef who believes that changing the pasta will somehow violate his vision as an artist.Bella Vita.Yes, life IS beautiful knowing that there are some solid places that consistently put out great food and great service. Our Baby Spinach Pignoli Salad (Portobello Mushrooms, Baby Spinach, Pignoli nuts, Reduced Balsamic, and shaved Pecorino Cheese) was almost wonderful as the waiter who didn't bat an eye when I asked him to '86 the Pignoli nuts eventhough it was one of the eponymous ingredients. I even tried the Scaloppini Alla Benny (Veal scaloppini in white wine sauce topped with broccoli rabe, sun-dried tomato & fontina cheese), simply because it shared its name with my newborn son.We may never know the true reason behind what that BV stands for, but it sure makes for a great excuse to quickly return to to BV Tuscany to try and find out. Their fine food and service alone was enough to get me to come back, but there's nothing wrong with a little mystery to add to the mystique.
<review# 358,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/1/2013,11/30/2013,195,235,14,18,17>Circle Car Wash is pretty righteous in my book. This is not one of those upscale, overpriced auto "spas" that seem to be popping up all over the place these days. This is a legit, reasonably priced car wash that gets the job done well. And they do it with a smile. The best part about this place? Besides my car being ass-spanking clean inside and out? When you save your receipt and present it to the cashier the next time you visit, you'll save $2 off of your car wash - regardless of whichever wash you choose. Hence, this place is pretty righteous!
<review# 359,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/10/2013,11/29/2013,87,93,4,5,5>Officially this is a 4.5 star review, let it be known from the outset. Locals in the neighborhood all know about this place already, place is a hustlin' and a bustlin'. It's interesting to see the space evolve from the prior York Street Tavern establishment. The new decor manages to retain a relaxed atmosphere while upscaling the location from sports bar to something closer to a trendy place in Brooklyn, minus the hipster chic.Dinner here was good, ordered the pork chop, which was delicious in my opinion. A couple of people at my table also ordered the pork chop as well but found it a bit dry. Consistency could just be part of the growing pains of a new restaurant. Despite the dryness, my friends found no problem polishing off their dishes. The pasta ragu was also hearty and tasty. Personal favorite was the tater tots with spicy sriracha ketchup. It's not the most complicated of dishes, but it hits the spot.Brian, who I assume is the owner, stopped by all the tables to make sure everyone was having a good time. I thought that was a really nice touch, and I hope that level of interaction continues as the restaurant matures and becomes a mainstay of the neighborhood. Coming by our table, Brian sees my impeccably clean plate with a single lonely pork bone on it and asks if I want to doggie bag any part of my meal. In a good natured jest, I say that I'd take the doggie bag if it came with another pork chop. The dude goes back into the kitchen and brings out another freakin' pork chop! "Here's your effin' pork chop!" he says, as we all crack up in surprise. Needless to say, we didn't doggie bag it, we tore through it and left yet another dry bone on the plate within 5 min. For what it's worth, my friends who had pork chop earlier said this second one was delicious and perfectly cooked.Anyway, I wouldn't say you should expect this place to be handing out free pork chops every night, but the reason why I share this story is because I think it's just really cool these days to interact with the people that run this place. Totally coming back. Great atmosphere, great food, great service by the waitstaff.
<review# 360,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/18/2013,11/28/2013,115,202,7,5,7>Hibachi personality with take-out prices?  Sign me up! Reasons you should go here:-It's totally kitschy.-You may get to drink out of a ceramic pineapple.-They have good food.-They have good service.-They have reasonable prices.-You may get to sit in one of the Tiki hut booths. It's weird, it's fun, it's yummy, it's the Weird NJ of Chinese restaurants!
<review# 361,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/15/2013,11/26/2013,216,199,2,7,3>Like Oh Mer Gawd Amazeballs! Teixeria Bakery literally takes the cake for best Bakery in Newark, The Ironbound District and any bakery within a five mile radius. I'm not exaggerating, I'm just having a foodgasm that I want the entire world to know about and love as much as I do! Why Teixeria?-$1 pasteis de nata's that will knock your socks off! Simply the best pasteis de nata's that I have ever tasted. These babies set the bar high for what a good pasteis de nata is and should be. I didn't realize that I had been eating subpar pasteis de nata's until I came here. The creamy egg custard is rich, smooth and packed with  a simple yet heavenly flavor. The crust is light, flaky and compliments the filling perfectly. -The bread is phenomenal! So good, that the fancy pants gourmet grocers in NYC sell Teixeria bread for $1 - $2 more than they do in the bakery. I urge you to actually go to the bakery and try the bread when it's fresh! My boyfriend and I intended to save the French bread for the following day, however we both decided to have a small piece... that "small" piece turned into the entire loaf being gobbled up within five minutes. Oops! -Location: Less than a mile away from Newark Penn Station, The Prudential Center and Red Bull Arena. For those of you who haven't been to the Ironbound District, Teixeria is located in a cute area that makes it easy to forget you're in Newark. -Cheap! The delicious goods are cheap for the area and cheaper than most of the competitors nearby. -Service: Friendly but not overly friendly, efficient and the staff that take pride in their job, the bakery and in the community. -What to order: Breads, pasteis de nata's and or sandwiches. -Misc.: Clean, cash only, kid friendly, family friendly, not ideal for large groups due to space, popular with foodies and locals.
<review# 362,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/13/2013,11/25/2013,47,103,4,10,4>And a star (5 actually) was born!Our experience at Dough last night was pretty close to flawless. They've managed to hit on a sweet spot of sorts. A wonderful combination of great farm to table fare and smart and gracious service, all in a warm and rustic atmosphere. The first thing that you notice when walking into Dough is the intoxicating smell of pizza, specifically the pizza crust, cooking in the oven. We were off to a good start. We had a 7 pm reservation and were seated immediately upon arrival. When the restaurant called to confirm earlier in the day, the reservationist asked whether we wanted to sit inside or on the patio (heat lamps). We chose inside, but would definitely give the patio a try in the future. Our server, Liz, came over to the table right away to open our red wine and to put the white on ice. She explained the menu and gave us some of her favorite dishes. APPS1.  Meatballs - they were tender and tasted like a pretty equal balance of beef, veal, and pork. They were sitting in a shallow dish surrounded by the perfect amount of roma tomato sauce. This dish was a winner. 2.  Ricotta - served with small, thinish rectangles of toasted sour dough, the ricotta was very good. It was not the best fresh ricotta I've ever had (Blue Hill at Stone Barns holds that honor), but it was a nice balance to the meatballs. We would order it again. 3.  Kale Salad - I'm sure Dough has a good Caesar, and that's what I would have normally ordered, but we've been on a kale kick lately, so we decided on this salad. So glad we did. The mixture of apples, dried cranberries, and sunflower seeds, coupled with the sweetness of the apple coder vinaigrette made this an autumn treat. This was one terrific salad. Highly recommended!4.  Beet Salad - This was a very good beet salad and, if you enjoy roasted beets, I wouldn't try to dissuade you from ordering it. However, as good as it was, the kale salad was so tasty that if you're limited to just one, I would have to go with the kale. Still, the beet salad was enjoyable.MAINSNote: all of the pizzas are personal size though probably a bit larger than the average personal pizza. 1.  Mushroom Pizza - the consensus of our party of four was that this was the best pizza. It was everything a good mushroom pizza should be. That great umami taste of the mushrooms and truffle oil combined with the fontina and ricotta all on top of a well done crust. Order this pizza. You will not be disappointed. 2.  Pancetta Pizza - for most of our table, this was the second favorite. C'mon, how can you not like a pizza with pancetta and a farm egg on top? I always find a pizza with potatoes on it a tough thing to pull off, but Dough does a good job with it. All of the ingredients work well together. 3.  Duck Pizza - everyone at the table really liked this pizza, though my wife thought it was, by far, the best of the three.  Better than the pancetta? Eh, maybe. Better than the mushroom? Uh, I don't think so. Still, I'm not going to complain about duck confit pizza. It was pretty awesome. SIDESMac & Cheese - The preparation is a savory one, and was very good. Yes, we probably ordered more food than one should reasonably order for four average sized adults, but it is awful hard to turn down "just a taste" of Mac and Cheese. The only criticism our table had of this dish was that we would have liked a more well done bread crumby crust. We mentioned this to the owner when he stopped by our table, and he told us that next time we come in they will make a perfect well done crusted mac and cheese. Note that it is a VERY big portion.  DESSERTS1.  Homemade chocolate chip cookies - good, but not amazing. There was nothing "special" about them, though they did arrive warm at our table. I would probably skip this next time. 2.  Gelato from Gelotti - those that have visited Gelotti on Bloomfield Avenue know how good it is. Pretty darn close to Florence quality gelato. With that said, my only issue with the Gelotti gelato served at Dough was that it was served a bit too cold causing it to be harder than gelato should be. Taste-wise it was great (espresso chip and cannoli). Next time, I will probably just drive up the road to Gelotti for a few fresh scoops. SERVICEAs noted above, the service was truly great. We wanted for nothing, and Liz was always there to clear some plates to make room for another course or provide her personal recommendations on dishes. The staff appears young, but is clearly very polished and experienced. The owner (didn't catch his name) also came over to the table for a few minutes to hear how our meal was going. If Dough continues with service like this, they will be around for a long time. FYI - Dough is BYO, so definitely bring a bottle with you. If it wasn't obvious from the above, I will definitely be back.
<review# 363,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/27/2013,11/24/2013,64,101,4,6,4>Really, only 10 reviews? "Come on son!" ::Ed Lover voice::Hi, my name is Sali and I'm addicted to the hot (& sometimes cold) deliciousness brewed from the coffee bean (usually in the form of a latte). I've been working in Hoboken for about 8 months...directly across the street from the Hudson St. Starbucks (which I have visited every morning before work until...). This all changed last week: My boss took us to lunch and then offered to buy us coffee from the coffee cart her husband recently recommended. Little did I know, my coffee life would never be the same. The Coffee: I had the cappuccino. The most perfect cappuccino I may have ever tasted. The espresso to milk to foam ratio was spot on. Though the espresso itself was for sure the star! Almost unbelievably smooth, like if I wasn't actually tasting it at that moment, I wouldn't have believed it. I mean this is espresso, bitterness just comes with territory, right?! Not in this case!The Service: These guys are pretty cool. Nice to chat with, very coffee-knowledgeable, and friendly. Dropped my bosses coffee outside the office yesterday...they gave me another on the house, "to help make the rest of my day better". We joked about it today. Stand up guys.Yesterday, when I went for my (and my bosses) fix, they weren't there! What did I do? Turned to the Twitter of course! Where I found that they were at their "B" location, River & Newark; perfect for me! I wish they would consider making this their "A" location. (Hint Hint) Today I had a latte (preferred to the cappuccino due to the extra milk). I haven't been to Starbucks since that 1st fateful day. While I'm sure the Hudson St. Starbucks hasn't seen the last of me (its one of my fav locations btw)...it'll probably be awhile. There's only 1 or 2 guys working and sometimes there can be a bit of a line. Be prepared to wait, just in case. And then be prepared to be handsomely rewarded for your patience.
<review# 364,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/13/2013,11/23/2013,236,245,7,11,8>Fear not, savory-philes:  this is NOT just a bakery serving up cupcakes and croissants and the like. This IS an amazing little eatery serving up Central Asian (Uzbek!) fare like lamb pilaf, lamb or mushroom samosas, tiny veal dumplings with ginger scallion sauce and extra broth, and lagman. Now, it is a bit of a trek from Downtown. We drove in and entered the McGinley Square neighborhood, a veritable melting pot of so many cultures. I felt like I was in such a different Jersey City - one even more diverse if you can imagine it. Tucked in with neat rowhouses was Honey Bakery, a tiny little oasis of charm and delectable treats!There were only 3 tiny tables inside and 2 outside. The owner and chef rolled out a huge pumpkin samosa for us on the spot - flaky, crunchy crust (NOT fatty!) and savory pumpkin flavor inside. The lamb pilaf was TO DIE FOR - loaded with subtle roasted cumin flavor (studded with cumin seeds), succulent bits of lamb, carrots, onions, and simply amazing. This is the standout dish for sure.  We liked it so much we ended up trying the veggie pilaf too - which is great but not as flavorful as the lamb one. :) Lastly, we rounded out this adventure into Central Asia with the mini veal dumplings - 15 or 20 to an order, they were like little tortellini filled with meat, ginger, and subtle Asian spices.All of this for less than $20? We were bursting at the seams.As an added bonus, the fresh grocer nearby was selling AMAZING produce at even more amazing prices. I got 8 small nectarines for $1! And they were tart, sweet, juicy, and perfect.
<review# 365,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/13/2013,11/22/2013,206,196,6,8,7>Ok I went to Seton Hall for undergrad and now grad school. I would probably have given undergrad a 2-3 star review because it wasn't so great and the town of South Orange hates students. Seton Hall never has anyone's back when it comes to S.O. corruption. There is literally no where to go if you are under 21 (RIP Cryan's). Policemen bust down your door and tell you things like "We have a zero party tolerance," (what the f!? is that a written law?) "Halloween isn't a holiday" (yeah not technically I guess), and "this is not a college town" (this is a town, and there has a been a college in it since 1856!!!). Ok so course wise.. it was ok. The Classical Studies courses are by far the best with the best professors teaching them. I only wish Professor Lake was still there because I would continue to take his mythology classes forever and ever. Every professor in the Classics department always went out of their way to help me out.  I found the professors were generally understanding. Administration is just like other schools, mostly giving you the runaround until you figure out more or less how to beat the system.Grad school is def. 5 stars. I have enjoyed all but 1 of my MPA classes. The professors are brilliant, so are the heads of the program. I've even enjoyed a bunch of the books we've read minus some of the boring text books. Graduate school is such a difference and I am so glad I decided to come back for my Nonprofit Management degree.As for the school, they are in the process of doing a ton of renovating and I love the small, homey campus. It's nice. There are some robberies outside the gates, and you will be notified by the PIRATE ALERT system. I honestly enjoy those emails for some reason... most of them end up being false reports. Never understood that.Anyway, I'm a fan, but I def. wasn't in undergrad.Go Pirates!
<review# 366,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/13/2013,11/21/2013,288,175,5,15,8>Awesome place!  My wife and I arrived early and were waiting for our friends so we decided to wait at bar and grab a couple of drinks.  The bar was very busy, every seat at the bar itself was filled, so we sat at a table next to the bar.  I was in a wine mood so I got a glass of cab and the wife got a mixed drink.  For house wine it was pretty good, so good that I ended up having another 2 glasses with dinner.When our friends arrived we were seated promptly.  Our friends, who are regulars, requested Yanni as a waiter and said that he was the best waiter there.  He definitely was a good waiter, he was fast, friendly, and knew the menu like the back of his hand.This restaurant has four separate dinner menus, which can be a bit intimidating; "Cucina Rustica", "Sala Da Pranzo", a sushi menu and a special menu.  The Cucina Rustica menu, which means "Rustic Kitchen", is more of a classic Italian menu.  The Sala Da Pranzo menu, which means "Dining Room", is a New American/ Steakhouse menu.  My friends told me that the sushi menu is brand new.My friend and I both ordered homemade mozzarella (mozzarella, roasted peppers, aged balsamic vinegar) as an appetizer.  Judging from the taste, the mozzarella was definitely freshly made, and the balsamic vinegar was really good.  Everyone at the table shared a large plate of muscles in red sauce.I ordered skirt steak and shrimp with broccoli rabe off of the special menu.  I ordered my steak medium and when it came out it was not too tough as skirt steak is known to be.  The Steak and shrimp were in this awesome sauce and the broccoli rabe was tender and not bitter at all.For dessert, I got espresso with sambuca and ordered the Spumoni, but they were out of it. The waiter was awesome and gave me an assortment of frozen desserts as a consolation.On our way out I noticed that the bar side of the restaurant turns into a club after hours.If you're looking for elegant dining with an eclectic menu, this is your place!
<review# 367,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/27/2013,11/20/2013,105,136,3,7,6>Walking into Archetypus makes you forget you are in New Jersey! The night garden theme is executed really well. No matter what you do try to get a cave!! The cave creates quite the experience either for a group dinner or a romantic night. The hanging ivy was a nice touch. The atmosphere is definitely the main draw, but the food is quite good too.  The food seemed reasonably priced with a selection of pizzas, sandwiches, wraps, appetizers, and desserts. I ordered the Santo Jardin, which was really tasty. I believe inside the wrap there was veggie burger, more vegetables, and a chipotle sauce.  The chipolte sauce gave the wrap a nice spicy kick. My only problem was that inside the cave it was so dark I really couldn't see what was in my wrap. It felt strange to not see exactly what I was eating. I suppose this comes with the territory of eating in cave restaurant....Overall, Archetypus is a really good spot to enjoy a night with friends!
<review# 368,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/25/2013,11/19/2013,54,337,8,11,6>Been meaning to come here for a long, long time. Another fine place to add to the list of Linden places to eat out at. I just wish it was on Wood Ave...where it could shine proper. I guess one of my FAMOUS reviews will have to suffice.I ordered a Chicken Jibarito Sandwich. And it was good. Christmas in your mouth good. A jibarito is a sandwich made with flattened fried green plantains instead of bread. As per Wikipedia.And my mouth.My friend ordered the oxtail and it looked like he was having an orgasm with every bite. Not that I know what his O face looks like, but I can make an educated guess now. He said the meat was perfect and that his mouth had never experienced meat quite like this.My words. Not his.I was gonna say, the menu is different depending on what day of the week it is and that you should probably call and MAYBE they'll give you a rundown?BUT...I JUST checked and guess what? This mom and pop spot knows how it goes in 2013 and has a website:saborcaribeno222.comThat's what I like to see! I also like to see that the jibarito is available every day. I know where I'm going tomorrow.And the next day.And the next day.And the next day.Which reminds me...Please get a liquor license.
<review# 369,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/20/2013,11/18/2013,53,128,3,7,2>This place is a solid five stars! I've driven by this place over a hundred times but never really thought about stopping. My cousin brought me here, and I'm so glad she did.My benchmark for coffee is the Americano. When I asked the girl behind the counter about how many shots their's had, she told me one but they can add another--though it will be strong, she warned. I kind of scoffed because so many places put 2-3 shots of espresso in their Americanos and it's no problem. I guess they use they serve the real stuff, because my two-shot beverage had me alert and buzzing the rest of the day. The coffee was delicious and one of the best I've had in a very long time. My cousin ordered a latte macchiato that was also pretty good. The chocolate croissant was tasty, but nowhere near as good as the coffee. They also had a nice selection of cakes and desserts I would like to try (we noticed one cake with real figs on top of it).Another really awesome bonus is the authenticity of this place--the details that mattered. For example, the girls working were Italian complete with language and accents. Furthermore, their cups, saucers, and even stirring spoons were all from Italy. I thought that was really cool and only added to the charm.Getting here can be a bit of a challenge. The easiest thing to do from Route 46 or I-80 is to take Route 23 South, passing Palazzone, then make a legal U-turn to go on 23N turning right into its parking lot. Of course you can also use your GPS :)I will certainly be back!
<review# 370,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/22/2013,11/17/2013,106,161,,3,2>What a great place to view your favorite performers!  Centrally located in downtown Morristown with every kind of eatery you can imagine.  You can take advantage of a full meal beforehand or a few drinks or something as simple as a frozen yogurt just a few feet away from the building.the tickets were reasonably priced (We saw Foreigner) and the seating is arranged as such that you have a wonderful view from every seat.  We were up in the balcony and I could still see the performer's faces.The people that work there are extremely helpful getting you to your seat.  I wasn't thrilled about the headline performers starting at 9, when the tickets state the show begins at 8pm.  There was a warm up act but I don't care for that.  I have been to several concert halls over the past few years and they all seem to do the same.  I have to remember to arrive late next time!The hall itself is clean, orderly and my favorite part now... THE BATHROOMS WERE CLEAN AND MAINTAINED ALL EVENING!!     even after the mad rush at the end they really didn't look bad.
<review# 371,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/16/2013,11/16/2013,205,331,1,7,3>I love Sabor Latin.  I've been here on multiple occasions for both dinner and dancing/drinks and always leave happy.  On my most recent dinner here with a group of friends, we went for a late dinner around 9:30.  We started off with a bunch of different appetizers for the table- albondigas, guacamole sampler and empanadas trio.  The shredded beef empanada was delicious.  Everything was devoured.  As entrees I split the churrasco with my boyfriend- we've tried the churrasco at a number of different latin restaurants in central and northern NJ and this place is one of the few that nails it.  Tender, flavorful and HUGE.  My friends ordered the salmon and love it there- so they excel in a few different areas.  Drinks are also great- my friend had a "sangriatini" which was a martini that tasted just like sangria.  After ten the tables start being pushed aside to clear the floor for dancing if you're interested in staying to dance (but you never feel kicked out if you're still eating- the service here is very attentive until the end).The great food and service always has me driving the extra distance :)
<review# 372,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/4/2013,11/15/2013,137,175,1,8,5>We've passed this place tons of times and for some reason, never stopped, then I began seeing the great Yelp reviews. My Wife and I just left BG and what a GREAT overall experience. The place is decorated really cool w subway style elements. Some subway tiles on the wall, very rustic, aluminum chairs and lighting fixtures and it appeared very clean. The menu made me instantly hungry w many basic burger and sandwich combinations and the right mix of some fancier dishes thrown in to please all. The Owner came over and began joking w me bc we seated ourselves and didn't take menus, I joking replied saying I didn't see a "wait to be seated" sign. He was very down to earth, I asked how business was going, he explained some very cool ideas he had planned for the place including a bar if he can secure a liquor license. I asked what he recommended off the menu, he suggest the tuna cake special app and said most patrons enjoy the burgers and sandwiches. We had the tuna app special which were fried tuna cakes topped w a spicy mayo and a slice of avocado, seated on field greens. Three nice sized tuna cakes were cooked nicely and very tasty. My Wife got the pulled pork sandwich w sweet potato fries and I got the steak burger w regular fries. Her sandwich was served on a nice hearty roll, a nice portion of pulled pork topped w slaw and a pickle. The pork was nicely seasoned and slightly smokey (I hate too much smoke flavor) and very tasty. The fries too were nicely seasoned. My burger was nicely cooked, on a brioche bun, topped w Caramelized onions and mushrooms w some steak sauce and let & Tom, it was really tasty and the fries too were seasoned. I love seasoned fries. Overall I really enjoyed the food and service. The prices were right w most burgers and sandwiches being $10. I look forward to returning and u should too.
<review# 373,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/10/2013,11/14/2013,171,196,6,6,5>This place makes me happy.  The coffee is fresh, the customer service is friendly enough, the cookies are hella-delicious (the chocolate chip on chocolate......miniature sized yet so effing delicious you could inhale like a dozen of these bad boys in one sitting,..).....the breads are, notwithstanding the name of this little bake-shop, quite delicious and fresh and - yes, a bit pricey.To be fair, I think Gina's across the street makes a better baguette, and a better butter croissant, so I can not accolade five-stars here.  Sorry!Their selection of lunch-time ready-made sandwiches are not too bad, a little expensive for what you get.....(it reminds me of City Market in Burlington, where like a piece of meat and a piece of cheese pressed between two thick slices of bread costs $8+change.). However, they are all healthy and rather fresh-tasting.....we tried the ham and cheese and the honey-turkey and something else.....whatever these sandwiches are formally called, and if you have absolutely no time and are running to the train, I recommend coming here, grabbing, and running.....and paying, also, before you start running away.  (Although the sight of a semi-hipster straight up tackling a man in a business suit for not paying makes me smile, brightens my day.)Holy crap the soda selection is RIDICULOUS as well.  This is a nice little addition to the 'hood, for sure!
<review# 374,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/12/2013,11/13/2013,456,539,10,16,15>Oh, Bayou, Bayou...Over the years you evolved, changed, grown up. What once was a simple place with funky decor now is a step to upscale dining. Still, elements of old Bayou I loved remain: New Orleans decor, butcher paper on the tables, friendly service.While it never "wow" me with food, it still a solid menu if you're craving a taste of creole in Staten Island. Fair warning - their mixed drinks are strong. Blue Bayou martini was excellent.Shrimp and herb risotto appetizer special really made my evening, it was done just right.Seared tuna was cooked like I asked, medium rare, I wish it had a little more seasoning. Breaded calamari that accompanied it was perfect - I would definitely trade tuna for more calamari!All and all, it was OK, other than annoying lady on next table that kept pushing me adjusting her shawl, I enjoyed it.
<review# 375,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/8/2013,11/12/2013,82,145,1,4,3>I was Yelping like a fool and came across Yuki Hana.  I was craving some sushi and due to the multiple positive reviews, I decided to give it a try.  To my surprise, I finally came across a place with all you can eat sushi.  As soon as I saw this, I was sold.  For $20 you can get all the sushi you can eat.  I stress the "eat" part.  There is a tiny disclaimer stating that if you order more than you can eat, you will be charged extra for the leftovers.  Also, they made it clear that if you order the all you can eat sushi, you will not be permitted to share.Anyway, I ordered a bunch of specialty rolls.  I compared the prices of these rolls in the menu and I far exceeded the price that I ended up paying.  I definitely got my money's worth.  I ordered a diverse selection ranging from eel to spicy tuna.  Everything tasted fresh.  The wait staff was very attentive and helpful regarding recommendations.Overall, I really enjoyed Yuki Hana.  If you're craving a lot of sushi, go for the all you can eat.  I will definitely be coming back in the near future.
<review# 376,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/8/2013,11/11/2013,121,52,11,13,9>AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!!!!!!!!!!! BEST PIEROGIES EVER!!!!!!! I have been going here since I was a kid and still go about once a month. Still super cheap and have unfortunately dined there at times when they ran out of my pierogies.... BUT, there are so many other delicious polish entrees to choose from. *****HUGE HUGE TIP*****They make their pierogies on THURSDAY. So, If you're going there for them, do not go on a Wednesday, because most likely... they will be sold out. I Love stuffed cabbage, but sadly... not theirs. If you're expecting a 5 star, upscale, fancy shwancy place... go elsewhere. If you're looking for authentic polish food and like to socialize with regulars, get your butt here. My father worked at the GM plant in Linden for a long time when I was a child and always came here during his lunch, along with the rest of the workers. After being absent from Jersey for about 15 years, this was at the top of his list of places he had to visit. Low and behold, the bartender remembered him and he ran into old co workers that night. Gotta love local restaurants :) If you haven't been here, make sure you put it on your bucket list... along with Spirito's in Elizabeth.
<review# 377,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/19/2013,11/10/2013,112,637,,3,2>The experience is beyond. I had everything from wine, seafood sampler, more oysters, shrimp cocktail, osso buco, apple galette with vanilla ice cream, and lemon tart. For such a fancy restaurant, it wasn't pretentious at all! The tables were completely occupied and everyone was just there to have a great time, and of course great food. The service is impeccable, and the food.. every bite was heavenly. My favorite was the special; osso buko which simply melted on my tongue. When someone from my table stepped away from the desk when the entrees were served, the server came over and put a cover over his food to keep it warm (HOW THOUGHTFUL) and removed it the second my friend came back. The pace of the meal was also perfect. They waited the perfect amount of time between entree and dessert to give our stomaches a break. They even gave us a candle to blow out on the desserts for no apparent specific reason of celebration at all! I will make sure to come back for special celebrations in the future. Tip: Parking is valet only.
<review# 378,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/26/2013,11/9/2013,186,326,,8,4>Came to Joe Broadways for lunch and really enjoyed it.  I had heard great things recently and since my office is close by I decided to try it out.  We were a table of 4, 2 ordering burgers, 1 philly cheese steak wrap and I ordered the loaded chicken tenders.  I had never heard of that before but wanted to give it a try, it was chicken tenders covered with melted cheese, tomatoes, lettuce, jalapeños with guacamole and sour cream.  I've heard the wings are better than Buffalo Wild Wings and I'm interested to come back and try their salads because the waitress was raving about them.  There is a pineapple salad that comes inside a pineapple and a watermelon salad that comes inside a watermelon- there is a whole healthy menu with these salads listed.  The prices were higher than I usually spend on lunch but the food was really good so I didn't mind.It was empty during the 1 o'clock hour and our waitress was very attentive.  The nicest part was the chef came out to chat with our table, thanking us for coming and offered us a complimentary dessert of bread pudding.  I asked him why they don't serve ranch dressing at all and he explained that all his dressings are homemade and if I wanted Ranch he'd make it next time for me.  How nice is that?  I assume the other gentleman who came over to check on us was one of the owners.  It's nice to see establishments appreciating their customers.
<review# 379,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/10/2013,11/8/2013,61,171,,8,4>Everyone in New Jersey pretty much knows where to go for some delicious Portuguese cuisine.  Newark is known for having some of the state's best Portuguese restaurants.  Seeing as how I'm Portuguese, I'm very picky on which restaurants offer the most authentic Portuguese cuisine.  My sister and brother-in-law treated me to dinner at Seabra Marisqueira.  It was my first time here.  They have parking across the street, which is great seeing as how parking in Newark is horrible.When we walked in, I couldn't help but notice the nice bar eating area on the left hand side.  It was completely packed.  We walked towards the back; since we made a reservation to be seated in the back eating area (would recommend if you want a quieter setting).  As you wait to be seated, you can't help but notice the open kitchen where you see at least 6 guys cooking it up! It's great to watch, though I highly doubt they enjoy people watching them. We got seated in the back corner.  It took a while for our waiter to come to us, but once he did, he was very attentive for the rest of the night.The sangria was so refreshing! I had at least 4 glasses.  We ordered calamari and garlic shrimp as an appetizer.  Both were really good. For the entrée, I ordered the seafood paella with yellow rice and it was sooooooooooooooo good!!!!!  The seafood, especially the scallops were fantastic and very fresh!  I barely ate a quarter of what I ordered! I should have split the dish with my sister, but no worries....I took the leftovers home, which made my dad really happy.This is probably the best Portuguese restaurant I have been to in Newark.  Would highly recommend making a reservation before stopping by for lunch or dinner!!!
<review# 380,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/28/2013,11/7/2013,15,88,2,7,5>Don't sleep on this place, because it's going to be good, real good.Rosticeria Da Gigi just opened a few days ago, and so far it's a 'soft' opening while they get everything up to speed.  They'll have a full slate of offerings come September, but for now, you can stop in and get a delicious breakfast or lunch served up by a team that really knows what they're doing.The two partners in the business have been forces behind some of Hoboken's best spots:  Luca Brasi's, and going back a few years, Hoboken House (NY Times 2 stars, on the site that's now Arthur's Steakhouse) and the Truck Stop.  Those latter two no longer exist, but were beloved in their day, and helped to usher good eating into Hoboken at a time when it was a little rougher around the edges.  If you're living here now and enjoying it, give some props to some of the people who took risks to help make the city what it is today. On to the food.  Today was my first visit, and I just got something simple, an egg sandwich, which was quite good.  Flavorful ham, egg and cheese, served on a super-fresh brioche roll.  I ordered the egg over, and it was cooked perfectly.  Not flash cooked, diner-style, so that it came out fast but tough.  No, this was cooked slower, so that it was thick, fluffy and sumptuous.  A small detail, but telling, of a kitchen that knows what it's doing.Normally I wouldn't write a review after just one visit, but I have a good feeling about this place, and I expect good things to come.  It already has the feel of a friendly neighborhood joint, and Mark (one of the partners) helps to make everyone feel at home.  Can't wait 'til they're fully up and running, and will update once I've had the chance to sample more.
<review# 381,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/14/2013,11/6/2013,136,102,,4,4>This park area is beautiful, especially with this amazing weather we've been having. I take my pup Hamlet for walks along here almost every day. The grass is maintained very nicely.The view of NYC is great, the area is kept extremely clean, there are tons of places to sit and relax, read a book, sunbathe, have a picnic, etc...I also see a yoga class that meets here during the week. I will have to find out about that!Also, there are water fountains that have a little dog fountain attached so Hamlet never wants for a drink! And there are plenty of garbage cans, so I never see trash lying about. It would be great if they added a turf dog park here!
<review# 382,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/26/2013,11/5/2013,182,387,4,8,4>This place is adorable! The decor is very shabby chic, which I love, I love the mismatch furniture, giving it such an amazing, fun, artsy vibe.I also love that they cater to vegetarians, vegans and even those with gluten allergies by clearly labeling the menu.For me, I ordered the Penne but made vegan friendly and it was delicious, completely hitting the spot. Was a little surprised the extra portobello mushrooms were $4 but really added to the dish. The waiter who served us was friendly and polite, which is always appreciated. The service was also quick, didn't have to wait forever for food and it wasn't as if the cafe was empty. I'd definitely go back. I could seriously sit there all day and eat all my meals there while banging out a novel and/or working from "home".
<review# 383,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/2/2013,11/4/2013,11,29,5,13,4>This place opened up recently and we wanted to check it out, saw good reviews so gave it a go and ordered for pick up. One word: amazing! Everything tastes and is homemade. Legit homemade, not just a place that throws that word in. My husband picked it up and said the staff seemed very friendly. My husband got the fried chicken and waffles with a side of mac and cheese. He said he could have eaten another 20 pieces of the chicken. It was perfectly moist on the inside and the right amount of crisp on the outside. He said it also tasted awesome, he hasn't had fried chicken this good in years. The meat just fell off the bone. Mac and cheese very tastey also. Very cheesy, tiny bit of crust meaning it was finished in the oven..nothing better. I got a waffle and bacon with a side of mashed potatoes and corn. At first I saw they didn't give us any syrup and thought, what the hell? How does a waffle no come with syrup? Well guess what, this waffle was so incredible it didn't NEED syrup. It was the best waffle I have ever had in my life! It was huge and cooked perfectly, just like my husband's. I asked for the bacon to be very well done, and finally! A place that listens when you make requests. Mashed potatoes were also good, great flavor. Only negative was they could have been mashed a lot more. Corn, also great flavor. I also got some homemade pound cake and it was scrumptious, so moist and delicious, sweet but not overly so. I wanted to live inside this pound cake. Something so simple, yet so buttery and utterly divine. This place is truly comfort food. In my mind this is the only place to go to in Cliffside Park (unless you want sushi). Go there. Now.
<review# 384,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/7/2013,11/3/2013,562,226,,6,4>This is a really good Italian restaurant with excellent food.  The restaurant is super busy, and I wouldn't recommend popping in without a reservation. In fact, I'd recommend slipping in for lunch, where you can get the same delicious food for a better price and without the massive crowds. Lu Nello restaurant is located in the former Villa D'Este in Cedar Grove. The decor is classy and old fashioned;  frankly I was expecting that there would be more of a renovation when Lu Nello left Totowa and moved into this building. Nevertheless,the decor is not the star here, the food is. For a recent meal, I had stuffed baby artichokes (delicious), arugula/blue cheese salad (delicious), Veal Lu Nello (delicious), are you seeing where I'm going with this? And definitely have wine; the California Cabernet or Merlot are quite good choices.Although the desserts are homemade, I couldn't consume any more food. The waiter kindly brought a complimentary mini-cone of peanut butter ice cream to satisfy my sweet tooth.  This is in addition to the pre-meal complimentary chunks of Parmigiana Reggiano, consomme, and' fried to a thin cracker crisp' Asiago cheese.  And I don't want to forget to mention the waitstaff is top notch.Lu Nello also offers valet parking, another old school touch in an old school place.  I definitely recommend trying Lu Nello.
<review# 385,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/16/2013,11/2/2013,354,404,,8,5>Now I don't know too much about Haitian cuisine but this place felt and tasted VERY authentic. SO so good. I've been here twice. This time around I ordered the Haitian Caviar which tasted like something I've never had before. Basically it's smoked fish spread over crispy tostones topped with creamy goat cheese. Very yummy. For my main dish I ordered the Tilapia Roule...soooo delicious. The creole flavors were amazing and it wasn't too salty in the least. The thing I really appreciate about this place is that they offer a small but perfect portion of soup and salad with any entree. Places don't do this anymore! The Jambalaya soup was very flavorful, YUM. Also the sweet vinaigrette dressing on the salad I loved, not to mention the yummy chunk of goat cheese added on top. Dessert: We tried the bread pudding with ice cream. Very sweet and warm. I liked it, but didn't love it. (I know that was just a personal preference though)Atmosphere is welcoming and romantic; great date place. Beautiful candles flickering really make the place warm and cozy.Only odd thing is that you have to literally walk through the active kitchen to get to the bathroom, but things like that don't really bother me; feels like I'm part of the action lol. I'm actually going to go as far as to say this is one of my favorite restaurants...Can't wait to come back!!!
<review# 386,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/20/2013,11/1/2013,46,69,6,3,3>Wanted: Owner, Cook, Waiter, Busboy, BabysitterBesides being the delivery man, the owner of this family-owned (you'll see his family running around the restaurant) business does all of the above. Saves money? Yes! Sacrifices customer service? YES!So why the four stars? We order delivery here a lot since it's close to Port Liberte and there are couple of dishes that I've tried that have become my favorites. The [not so] CRISPY CHOO CHEE CHICKEN is delicious--well, the sauce is. The crispy texture isn't quite there especially if you order out because of the trapped steam; but you can put that sauce on the worst dish you've ever had and it'll instantly become your favorite! Note: this sauce is a curry based sauce so if you like curry and spicy food, you'll like this. Not too heavy and the sauce elevates and really carries this dish.Their SINGAPORE MEI FUN (aka Singapore Noodles in other restaurants) is another sauceless, curry based dish. I really like it here. As a big fan of curry, I order this dish frequently at other restaurants and this place makes it well, although it could use a pinch of salt.  I love the way the thin noodles absorb the curry spices. A simple accompaniment to any dish you choose. As for their sushi? The turnover rate didn't seem high so I was hesitant to risk disappointment (and my health).Last words: Beware of the lack of service when you dine in. Because he's the equivalent of Swiss Army Knife, we never received utensils or plates and received our water long after we were seated. We had to go up to the register to place our order and ask for whatever we needed. Consistently interrupted by phone calls and breaks to cook, be one of those phone calls and order delivery instead.
<review# 387,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/25/2013,10/31/2013,94,190,4,5,7>Samba, chacha, meringue -- whatever dance you want to do, do it on your way to this AMAZING restaurant! I remember hesitating when a friend suggested we try it because from the outside it looks so small -- and no, it's not huge, but it doesn't feel claustrophobic. It's warm and cozy and very inviting.We had an appetizer that was yucca and potatoes, and it could've been our meal. Fortunately, we brought our extra stomachs with us and were able to chow down on their delicious main courses. I had a strip steak that was big as my head, and cooked exactly how I like it.  My friend had the salmon and enjoyed it so much, the next time she went back she got the same thing.The service is outstanding -- accessible (they all wear the same thing and don't seem to mind that when we needed something we sometimes forgot which gorgeous server was ours and so just grabbed any server -- still worked out for us). We had to beg off on dessert because our appetizer and main course stomachs were so full, our dessert stomachs had been pushed out of the way.  Yet the server appeared and said, "You ladies have been so nice, I just wanted to share this with you" and treated us to a light mango parfait type of dessert. It was hard, but we stepped up and somehow finished the whole thing. And it was as delicious as everything else.Extremely well-priced, this place was a real treat. And now that I know from my friend Steve M. that they're open for lunch, look out!  Thank goodness the Y is right next door so I can work off all this red meat (and then go down the block to the Red Cross to donate blood).  Enjoy!
<review# 388,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/18/2013,10/30/2013,143,370,4,8,7>My visit here can be summed up by the following exchange:Marissa C: Wow, this place is awesome...and there's not many people here!Sara P: Let's keep it that way.This bar is one of those hidden gems - the neighborhood bar every neighborhood wants. You want just enough people to come here so they can keep their doors open and make enough of a profit to be happy...but not a single person more.The biggest draw may be the space. Between the bar area, the outdoor area next to the parking lot (also a big plus), and the side table area, there is plenty of room for everyone to hold down their own spot without rubbing elbows. We got here around 8:30 on a Saturday night and there were only 3 people already there. People came in steadily from that point on (I don't think anyone left...why would you?) but we had plenty of time with the jukebox.Second, the food. They have a very limited menu (they even had their expanded Saturday menu up with some extra options like BLT, turkey club, and hot dogs) but the food is delicious and the portions are huge. My GIANT burger came out cooked perfectly. It was immediately obvious that it was freshly ground and made with high quality cuts. If you're going to serve a burger with only American cheese and meat, then you have to be proud of your meat blend, and it surely didn't disappoint. At first glance I didn't think I could finish the whole thing but about 4 1/2 minutes later it was gone...along with the pickles and the fresh-cut, delicious french fries.As other people have mentioned, the bartender does everything. It's funny to watch him walk over and start prepping the grill when you order your food. Despite taking drink orders during, all of our burgers were cooked nicely, and 2 of us ordered mid, 2 ordered mid rare.Third - the prices. A group of 6 of us ate and drank for under $100.I really don't know how I would improve this place. All it needs is a brunch menu, for the bartender to wear a fedora and suspenders, and a deer hunter game in the corner, and I'd feel like I was back in Brooklyn. More bars like this need to exist.Also, it is cash only...and there is no ATM. Plan accordingly.
<review# 389,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/7/2013,10/29/2013,265,86,13,13,11>I remember hearing about this place opening and thinking "oh great, another taco joint joining the overly crowded JC Mexican scene".  After a few visits, I'm gladly eating my words.  It will be  inevitably compared to the big dog Mexican spot in town, Taqueria, but in a lot of ways this place is the anti-Taqueria.  That might sound like a diss, but I actually mean it in the best way possible.  Taqueria is infamous for their stand off-ish staff and their "no pillow burritos" sign, but you put up with it because in return you get some of the best tacos on the East coast.  TVMKC's staff on the other hand (can we please do something about that name wtf?), is super accommodating and amiable.  ALMOST too friendly.  After years of developing a Stockholm syndrome-like relationship with my favorite taco slinger, it was just off putting to be treated so nicely.  I almost wanted to tell them to spit on me or something. I don't deserve this taco.The decor here is pretty standard Mexican fare, nothing really note-worthy that I can think of.  It's a small space with about 6-8 tables, which isn't a problem since they do a ton of take-out and delivery business.  One thing that irked me is that the 2 times I've been here in the past month and a half, I've been denied a take-out menu because they're working on a new one.  Really? For damn near 2 months?  They're doing the right thing though, because the current menu is all over the place.  There is no reason for a place like this to have a 6 page menu. My only other gripe is being quoted a 10 minute wait for take out and waiting for damn near 30 minutes.  No bueno.My first time skimming through the menu I swear my heart skipped a beat when I saw the word burrito.  After having it ingrained in me that "authentic" Mexican places don't do burritos, this was like finding a pot of gold at the end of a rainbow.  Thank you Yeezus *prayer hands emoji*.  The everything chorizo burrito in the habanero tortilla is my go to order.  It's $8 flat and actually tastes like something I'd imagine you'd find in Mexico.  Unlike Chipotle that charges you $2+ for their guac that was pounded from pure gold, their burrito just comes with it.  I've also had the chicken quesadilla, chips, and the steak torta.  Everything is delicious, especially when topped with one of their homemade salsas.  One of these days I will get around to doing the taco "Pepsi challenge", but for now I see no end to my chor-rito(TM) love affair.
<review# 390,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/2/2013,10/28/2013,397,687,22,26,26>I've slowed down on my reviews lately since, to be honest, I ran out of stuff to tell you about.  Well today I'm back in business...at least for the short term.  Today we made a double stop for lunch, here at the Hot Dog House, then for dessert at Ice Cream Charlie's in Rutherford.Last year my arteries started to hate me a bit when I started on a quest to find the greatest hot dogs in  North Jersey so I took some time off to let the cholesterol dissipate a little.  Today at the Hot Dog House we got back on track.  I was a little concerned on the way over as my co-worker told me they were basically dirty water dogs with great toppings.  I won't thumb my nose at dirty water dogs, but I simply  prefer grilled dogs...or fried like Rutt's Hut.   I have to tell ya, these dirty water dogs were friggin' ON POINT!!!  I ordered two with chili, cheese and onions (Double D) and one with kraut, chili and cheese...also a fries and a Stewart's Root beer.  HOLY CRAP!  I think these are skin-on Sabrett's, but if not it doesn't matter because they were delicious.  Normal sized dogs that snapped when you bit into them and served on a nice soft bun.  Chili was really good-they offer hot or mild (went with the hot of course) and the cheese, onions and kraut all served to bring these dogs together in a delicious explosion of flavor.  I would have liked just a tiny bit more chili and cheese, but I won't kill 'em for it.The fries were good, nothing really out of the ordinary, but well done shoestrings that were pretty good.  My co-worker wasn't happy with our service.  The ladies behind the counter were either deaf or frazzled because we had to tell them our order two times each (there were three of us ordering).  Looked like they'd been working here for decades so they shouldn't have been so confused.  Either way, they eventually got my order right and any frustration soon dissolved into a distant memory as I enjoyed the dogs.  Glad to see my first time out this spring in search of the perfect hot dog brought us success...not perfection, but success.  As a word of warning-parking here is absolutely nuts.  Getting out of the lot wasn't particularly easy either.  Only like 5-6 spaces so you might be better off parking around the corner in the neighborhood and then walking down.   We got to eat outside on one of three tables on the most beautiful day of the year, so overall "Today was a Good Day!"
<review# 391,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/20/2013,10/27/2013,64,21,3,3,3>When it comes to food of the Asian variety, it seems Fort Lee is where it's at in NNJ (sadly, Jersey City is kinda lacking...there are some, but they all feel 3.5star'ish)Read the good reviews and it didn't disappoint. Restaurant interior is nice, like others have said, it's on par with places in NYC which is nice because I find NJ is always lacking that bit of ambiance/niceness to their restaurants. We had some rolls and the Seafood Omakase, for the $45 you get a lot and great quality stuff too. Everything looked great on the plate and tasted as good as it looked. All the dishes had that extra bit of flavor and creativity. Asahi on draft too...I was a happy camper.
<review# 392,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/11/2013,10/26/2013,36,57,2,7,3>Finally! A cool place in Roselle. Sure, you can get authentic Mexican  food on Chestnut Street in Roselle at Nealtican. You can get Tex-Mex in Linden at Chevy's Or at the Red Cadillac In Union. But the problem with authentic is that it is bland and the problem with Tex-Mex is it's greasy and over portioned. The great thing about this restaurant is it's simple, tasty, not greasy and has great variety  ....and is reasonably priced. They opened only a few weeks ago, and I've already been there three times!   Don't forget about the downstairs lounge where you can either host a party or hang out and dance.  The drinks are tasty and well mixed... and the staff is awesome!   You can't go wrong with the PearFecto martini which has grapefruit and pear vodka in it. And also, the chicken quesadilla, empanada appetizer, and Flan with Orange flavor really do hit the spot.  Don't forget to check in on Yelp when you get there, over the last two weeks they had free drink specials.  Their happy hour specials are a great deal and you will be happy you went. PS the bad review that is posted below was from an ex employee..... so I hear from the grapevine.  Which is even funnier because it's not even a bad review :-).  Regardless, put $20 in your pocket come here for a few drinks and something to eat and you will leave full satisfied, and wanting to come back!  Bravo!
<review# 393,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/21/2013,10/25/2013,152,161,,5,5>Very very cool. Lead here by fellow yelpers and I was not disappointed.  I called then around 630 and tried to make a reservation.  The first available table for two was at 9.  I'll know for next time to call in advance, key phrase being next time.  Illuminated stairs lead you off the street and into the space.  Bar area is a bit cramped but never felt uncomfortable.  We were lucky enough to get seats on the bar and proceeded to eat and drink our way through the menu.  Great cocktails with fresh ingredients, and some really interesting house infused vodkas.  I had a chipotle dirty martini, certainly an experience.  Shared a cheese plate and the calamari appetizer.  Both were done very well. The food did take a bit to get to us but never felt overly long and we were just enjoying the atmosphere so no harm no foul.  Scallops and crushed potatoes were for dinner and they were both spot on.  Finished with the flourless chocolate cake which was extremely rich but slightly forgettable.  Really the only dessert option which I found surprising.  Service was spot on. Attentive, knowledgeable, and nice.  Never felt pretentious or stressed and the place was packed.  When I get really good quality food I do not mind paying more then I normally would.  Splurge a little and enjoy yourself, it's worth it. Adding this one to the rotation for sure.
<review# 394,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/22/2013,10/24/2013,219,355,2,6,6>I've been craving hotdogs since seeing Crip Dogs on TV and getting Dave H's invite to Village Dogs.  HIram's is pretty close to me and I haven't been there since I moved back.  Went there today and got a chili cheese dog and onion rings.  SO GOOD!  I forgot how good a fried Jersey dog can taste!  There was just the right amount of chili and cheese on this one.  The onion rings were delicious.It's a little cramped on the inside but service is friendly and there's a section carved out on the side for patrons to sit, eat, drink and watch sports.  The outdoor seating area has a lot of picnic tables and well maintained.  Plus the place looks awesomely decked out for the Fall.  I'm coming back.
<review# 395,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/30/2013,10/23/2013,387,349,5,7,5>I hate laundryI hate laundryBut I love the South Street Soap Box. Upon entering I was greeted by the owner, a super friendly  jersey city native,  she explained how to use the machine.  Plus the other perksI Love free WifiI love free CoffeeI love this laundry mat
<review# 396,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/13/2013,10/20/2013,114,105,2,6,5>I love this place! i have been here 4 times now. THis is some of the best Brazilian BBQ your gonna find. I always get the Rodizio style in which they bring out so many meats!!! chicken wrapped in bacon, pork loin, flank steak, chicken hearts if your adventurous :), tons of steak and I PROMISE. you will be sooooo uncomfortably full. ITS ALL YOU CAN EATThe sangria is fantastic! i know for the Rodizio buffet its like $23 a person which i promise you will get your monies worth. Great value and its awesome. Before i forget, after all the meat they bring you cinnamon covered pineapple that is mouth watering and they come with 43 liquor and pour it on the fruit for you. ITS SOO GOODThis is a great family place, the waitresses are gorgeous, the restaurant is clean and all the servers are extremely diligent and always refilling waters and checking on everything. I have never had a bad experience and i have been here with parties of 5 all the way to 20 of us.Overall if your looking for some new food or if your a fan of Brazilian BBQ deff stop in here!
<review# 397,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/14/2013,10/19/2013,182,493,1,3,4>Recently went to Osteria Giotto for Mother's Day and I haven't had a better meal in a while prior or after. Absolutely perfect.On a Friday night, it was not the easiest to get a dinner reservation as we had to snag a 6:00pm, which is a bit early for my family. Looking back, we understand that we were lucky enough to even get it. Osteria Giotto has a great outdoor/indoor seating area that allows air to flow through into the restaurant right off the side street of Bloomfield Ave. Doesn't sound good to you? Well it's nice, just believe me.We started with salads which were very generous in size, as I soon realized EVERYTHING here was generous in size. Since I'm allergic to spinach, they had no issue make a quick change in the Insalata di Spinaci ($8.50) to mixed greens and keeping the walnuts, pancetta, shaved parmigiana, and balsamic vinaigrette. Delicious salad. I would come back JUST for this. Literally taking the bread and wiping my plate afterwards.For my main course, I really wanted to test the chef with one of my favorite meals. I have had broccoli rabe in the past made terribly and also made amazingly. I was hoping for the amazing that night and I wasn't disappointed. I ordered the Orecchiette Con Cime Di Rapa E Salsiccia ($17.00). Hubba Hubba. So incredibly good. I could only eat half of it, but I was more than happy the next day when I crushed it for lunch. IT WAS EVEN BETTER THE NEXT DAY! I can't tell you how great this meal was.My parents and I ordered dessert, but honestly I can't even remember what it was, because I was so floored with the previous two dishes at my table. The food was so good that I wasn't even able to taste my parents food because they both were hounding and protecting it like it was their last meals.I'd go here right now if I could. That's how good.
<review# 398,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/22/2013,10/18/2013,301,317,3,6,3>Small place in a area which is close to the Outerbridge and surrounded by boat docks and nothing else pretty much. Parking is small and limited but you have a whole block which you can park at but can be a walk. When you walk in its not that big, theres a bar right on your left side in which you can hang out with when your waiting 45 minutes for a table on a typical date night on the weekend. My boyfriend and I hung out there while waiting for a table which took a pretty long time, we had a couple of drinks, the bartender was not that friendly really and when I asked her whats a good mix with cherry vodka she was like snooty with an answer. We finally got seated and the waiter was really nice and friendly, I enjoyed that very much. We started off with the NY Pretzels with dipping sauces which was like a tziki and cheese, it was good. I ordered the fried chicken platter which came with chedder cheese mash potatoes and baked beans. I enjoyed the dressing and cheese melted on my fried chicken, the baked beans were okay but too much bbq which I prefer more sweeter. The boyfriend ordered the 2 sides meat which was bbq ribs and pulled pork with baked beans and coleslaw, the sauce on the pull pork was really good! He ate every bite and ended up just so full he took the ribs home, WHAT A MIRACLE! HOLY BEANS he took home a doggy bag, hahaha the cole slaw he didn't enjoy because it was too chunky cut and not like typical coleslaw.It was a good time and we enjoyed ourselves there and I would go back cause I love BBQ and the waiter gave us some crayons to draw on the paper table cover which was cool, I found my bf to be a great cartoon drawer. I enjoyed my dinner.
<review# 399,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/11/2013,10/17/2013,188,333,2,6,5>4.5 stars!  The half star off is for the slow service.  Shouldn't have to wait so long to get a refill on my coffee.Now, this is some real deal fried chicken!!!  Perfectly seasoned with a golden, crisp skin and deliciously juicy tender meat in all parts of the chicken, light and dark!  This chicken is pan fried in a cast iron skillet, then finished in a deep fryer.  All of the chicken is cooked to order, so it takes a bit of time, about 15-20 minutes from order to service.  The restaurant was very quiet so it may take longer when it gets jammed, but that's purely speculation.The waffle is a work of art.  It is served with a nice crispy outer shell, while the inner portion remains soft and delicious.  The contrast offers a perfect bite as your teeth get through the crunch into the delicate center.  The waffle itself offers a fantastic flavor and its own sweetness which blends perfectly with just a touch of the house syrup.The contrast between the salty, savory chicken, and the sweetness of the waffle, along with both offering a crisp outer skin into a soft delicious center, this is the real deal chicken and waffle, as if you've escaped to the deep south if only for one meal.Unfortunately they were out of biscuits today--though that only offers more incentive to return!
<review# 400,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/31/2013,10/16/2013,285,181,2,7,8>I had been here maybe 10 years ago and swore I'd never return. But you know how it is your fav local haunt goes from good to meh to bad and then you find yourself sans haunt. So after reading the long roll of positive reviews and coincidentally on the hunt for a new haunt  my mind was changed and I decided to give C22 another try. I mean really, Yelpers LOVE this place and I understand why. I have only ordered a few times but the management and staff are friendly to start and that gave me a vibe.. The food ordered was clearly a step way above the rest. Fresh, hot, not overly salty, not overly loaded with sauce, good portions and great flavor. The meal won't leave you feeling heavy, salt poisoned or in diabetic coma like the typical take out.  The shrimp fried rice was delicate and balanced. You could actually taste the familiar bite of onion flavor. The ribs really something special. Meat so tender,  fall off the bone and the sauce more robust with character than the typical glowing red variety, think BBQ and meaty. Pork fried dumplings plump and hearty. Scallion pancake thin and super crispy, not greasy.  I would love to eat in sometime (when my daughter is pasts the terrible twos!). There is an unassuming almost forgotten cocktail bar as well that I foresee having a cocktail at while I wait for take out, although they are lighting fast on the prep. Lastly the condiments provided are in round containers and not those pesky packets! That's just plain considerate! I appreciate the attention to detail. This fantastic gem has renewed my take out spirit! The elusive 5th star is on the horizon!
<review# 401,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/2/2013,10/15/2013,143,388,3,8,7>I'm really suprised by the low rated reviews and the complaints about the bread. I was here a few months ago and the bread was great!It was a Saturday night and the place was hopping. We wouldn't have been seated without a reservation, not to mention by the window, if it wasn't for the fact that my two friends are regulars here. Friendly service, BYOB, and great portions. I even had left overs to take home!We got the calamari with balsamic to start and it was sooooo delicious. Both of my friends got the short ribs with risotto which was tender and tasty.  I ordered a pasta special.We shared tiramisu for dessert and I was too stuffed to have more than two or three bites. They have live music while you dine too!Came again for lunch and sat outside had a great meal four cheese spinach raviolis with vodka sauce and an arugula salad delish!!!!  It was the perfect amount of food. The live band playing down the block was awesome too - great atmosphere.
<review# 402,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/8/2013,10/14/2013,102,55,4,12,5>After eating here, I can no longer look at all the other butter-drenched steak houses. Been here a few times, once with my wife and twice with larger groups. Came here for lunch for the first time, and Q the butcher (the owner's name) walked us through dry and wet-aged steaks. Both intrigued us, so we had one of each. The steaks are a nice size, and to the delight of my asian-ness, it came with white rice and a fried egg - amazing. The dry aged steak was more flavorful but not as juicy, while the wet aged was vice versa - juicy, but not as flavorful. But make no mistake, this was one of the most flavorful steaks I have ever had, much much different than the steaks I've had from Outback/Ruth's Chris/Peter Luger, which are all drenched and cooked in tons of butter. There is an option for bigger groups, which they call the Family Style Steak Platter for 4+ people. It comes out to about $55-65/pp. If you bring wine, you will pay a cork fee, which I believe was $5 per bottle. They bring out the raw steaks they will prepare for you, and my mouth was just watering. For starters, they brought out lamb chops, which were so freaking perfect. The steaks were a combination of wet/dry aged plus a T-bone, which was the most flavorful. The place is small and BYOB and small, so be sure to call to make a reservation. They also have a location in NYC.
<review# 403,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/5/2013,10/13/2013,165,81,7,9,5>I'm so spoiled that this restaurant is in my town! Authentic Thai food, cooked up by the sweetest little chef  - Who rocks it in the kitchen. The food is excellent - it's fresh, delicious and homemade. Little Mary brought all her recipes from Thailand  to Teaneck just for us to enjoy!This is a mother, daughter tag team restaurant. They are so happy and so sweet and deserve the business. Soon they will offer delivery, but otherwise you can pick up or dine in. The dining is very comfortable it's byob, its extremely clean, relaxing and again the staff is awesome to hang out with. Their menu is great - their drunken noodles are the best and my favorite!! The Green and Massaman curry - OMG! ( I want this for lunch)veggie dumplings, wonton soup, Pad Ruam Mit - its all awesoooome!!! this place has only been open a few weeks and I've already been here like 6 times. Whatever you order, be sure to wash it all down with a Thai Iced Tea and end it all with some sweet sticky rice and mango.Gluten Free and vegetarian people - this is our spot! C-yaz there!!
<review# 404,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/2/2013,10/12/2013,474,598,6,10,5>Okay, it's confession time. I love buffets. I adore the gluttonous but shameless atmosphere. I'm completely fine with not having the absolute best of anything but being permitted to be picky as hell and try just a couple bites of tons of different dishes. It charms me to be able to go back to the same station repeatedly when you find what you like the most. I don't mind the feeling that you want to die as you prepare to leave the restaurant.You can probably see why I was charmed by Minado. No, it was absolutely not the best sushi I've ever had. But it was good and I was able to take whatever (fresh and yummy) sashimi I wanted without concerning myself with the cost. My sister was able to select from probably a couple dozen different fancier rolls, often generously dusted with roe. Sushi chefs were right there, replenishing the rolls as needed.Along with sushi and sashimi, they had quite a few salads, snow crab legs, yakitori (not just chicken - several different kinds), various hot dishes (the calamari and shrimp dish was a fav for us), soups, an udon station, fruit... wow. We took a short break and pressed on to the desserts - we were glad we did. The tiny cakes were delicious, as was the soft-serve, and we loved the crepe we shared! $30 per adult on weeknights. Staff was very friendly and helpful.
<review# 405,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/4/2013,10/11/2013,980,498,4,10,8>We came here because we were craving pizza, but left wanting more Pig's Head Crostini. It was a special, but I hope it can become a mainstay of their menu.Before we get all wrapped up in the pig's head, let's start with the atmosphere. I think the owners did a great job with this place. They have really maximized the layout, and I like the rustic, yet industrial, vibe they've created. They do have a bar area also if you are rolling solo, or just prefer bar dining. Speaking of the bar, their drinks are great. I think you would be safe ordering anything with Rye whiskey here. No joke.Now to the food. The Pig's Head crostini was quite the cheeky dish. Pork lovers can unite on this fact...nothing better than the cheek. The crostini is actually lightly toasted bread they make in-house. I know there has been a lot of buzz around the Kale Caesar, but we couldn't say no to the fresh field greens with strawberries & goat cheese. Did I mention (including the rye whiskey) we are 100% local at this point? The meatballs were ridic. Pass me a soup spoon and look the other way. Amazing. Not heavy, cooked to perfection. We also ordered the Mai Pie which was topped with cheese & mushrooms with an olive oil drizzle. The inner fat kid came out, and I wished we had another one. Let me reiterate this point...every ingredient tasted fresh, and seemed like it was top quality. I also was happy to see the quality control and training going on in the open kitchen. Shows pride in their product. Can't wait to come back here again.
<review# 406,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/18/2013,10/10/2013,1455,389,13,7,6>In the morning, I get up, crack of dawn.  Snooze.  Up?  Snooze.  Up?  Snooze.  Shower - food - coffee, if there is time.  Is there time?  No, probably not.  Do I make time?Trek the stairs - unlock the bike.  Ride.Hello, Hoboken PATH Station.  Which stairs will I take?  Whichever ones are closest to where I lock my bike up, that's where.Oh look, a paper.  Metro for me?  WSJ?  No thanks, I will read my information digitally, so long as I suck up that Verizon signal before I walk down those stairs.  Once inside, the VZ circle of death shows no mercy.Train?  Already there!  Track 1 track 2 track 1 track 2...who knows.  Up, in, bing bong, out.  Adios.--- work ---Hey again, PATH.  Which doors are going to open first?  (Hint, left....usually)Take the stairs to my bike, or the stairs & ramp to the light rail.  See you tomorrow, friend.Embrace the heat and crowds -  stand in front of a fan and watch some TV if you have to wait.  Know that the majority of stations in NYC are not as clean, "ventilated", and certainly do not have any entertainment for your wait.Plus, you are in Hoboken.  If you don't like being in the train station, I say turn around and hit the bar.  Grab a slice.  And hit the bar again.Also ---- the elevator seems to be working again.  I have no need to take it, but after listening to announcements about it being closed because of the hurricane for the last 7 or so months, I feel an unconscious need to ride it.
<review# 407,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/5/2013,10/9/2013,264,337,5,7,6>I might have seriously died and gone to crepe heaven.  Oh...and stuffed strawberry heaven too.  :)  Stopped by to meet a friend for coffee and to check the place out.  Grabbed a coffee while I waited and chatted with the owner a bit.  After my friend came, we decided to hunker down for some crepes.  Seriously...the Bergen (the nutella, strawberry, banana) as well as the prosciutto, pesto, mozz one were AMAZING.  We've been kinda dreaming about them since that day.  We recruited another friend to come meet us, but in reality we just wanted him to order different crepes so we can try them.  :)  We also tried a few of their different coffees and loved each one of them.  On the way out we grabbed a few cheesecake filled strawberries to go and pretty sure they were gone before I got home.  Already planning my next crepe when I go!
<review# 408,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/5/2013,10/8/2013,94,119,5,5,5>QUICK INFO: Burritolam is a kosher Mexican food restaurant that serves meat options with non dairy tapioca 'cheese' (that actually taste's great). It is take out and self serve sit down. It offers gluten free options, vegetarian options and 99 cent Arizona iced tea cans. Keep reading and hear about my experience with their food. Or you can stop. This is basically all you need to know to try it. Still interested in more info? Keep reading.This is an example of a kosher business model that can actually work. Self service to keep prices affordable, and space for kids, teens, and groups. Combine that with creative food options to open up a world of 'cheese' and meat for the modern orthodox Jewish community in the Teaneck, NJ area.I've enjoyed take out as well as sit down service at Burritolam. (for anyone who is interested, I will explain the translation and meaning of the name. But only at the end of the review. That there is known in the biz as  'incentive'.)  For take out, I had a $10 lunch special of french fries, chopped salad, with four slices of a  cheese and beef quesadilla. It was the size of a  personal pizza. Accompanied by tangy balsamic dipping sauce (on the side).  For eating in, We had two beef burritos and one chicken fajita.  Each was around $5 or $6.  Portioned to make you feel satiated but not too full. We ordered the balsamic dipping sauce again. I liked it so much the first time, I wanted to share it with the table and get their opinions on it. When we tried it together we described the taste as 'being similar to a Catalina dressing.' For drinks we got 1 free refill coke zero ($2.50) and one lite Arnold Palmer Arizona iced tea ($1.06 with tax, that's a beautiful thing to see.).The next thing I will try is the fully loaded nacho bowls ($8). They are huge. YOU are awesome if you read all of this. If you scrolled down, well... then you're a crafty rascal. So, as promised, here is the explanation for the name.(If I am incorrect about this, please correct me. I have no problem changing it.)Burritolam is a play on the Hebrew phrase 'brit olam' which is translated as a 'covenant with the world' or a 'world alliance'. Call it what you will, just try it. I took pics of the store so check em out!  bit.ly/19IAC8OOh...and they have free Wifi. OK! I'm going. Bye.
<review# 409,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/10/2013,10/7/2013,133,153,4,17,9>Since my last visit here, I've been actively thinking when I will have the time to dedicate a whole day to do it all again.  I can't say I have ever experienced anything like this.  Felt like I was transported to some surreal planet where everyone is dressed the same so they start to look the same and things operate on quite another level than what you're normally used to.  Usually, that sort of thing would freak me the hell out....but I ended up loving everything about it.  Other reviewers get into all the details so I'll try to be brief:The place is clean.  REALLY clean.  Everyone walks around barefoot.  You can wear socks if you'd like but barefoot is way more relaxing.  Bring a bathing suit to wear under the t-shirt and shorts they provide you with.  To use the whirlpool, steam room and jacuzzi you need to be comfortable with nudity.  You can only use those facilities after you shower and need to enter the water nude. Women have their own shower and whirlpool area.  Men have a separate area. The rest of the spa is co-ed.  That's where the saunas are located, the food court, computer stations, rooms with giant mattress-sized chairs to sit in the dark and watch TV or wait for your face-mask to absorb.  The saunas have different minerals and elements and heat levels and I tried just about all of them.  Water is a must and there are little water cooler stations next to most of the saunas. Inside the small huts there are usually bags of herbs hanging from the ceiling to fill the tiny space with the most delicious aroma as you sweat head to toe and try to get used to breathing in a room that is over 200 degrees.  I also liked the ice room, sort of an igloo with seating.  Nice to cool off in.  As for food I definitely had to try the smoked eggs - they actually steam them in the saunas and it's a great little boost of protein.  Another must after heating up most of the day is patbingsu, a shaved ice dessert with fruit and sweetened beans.  Yum!  I also had the bibimbap and a fresh squeezed carrot juice.  I could have easily put away more food but the heat makes you want to drink more than eat.  I also love that you don't have to have any belongings on you (I did bring my phone to capture some pics) and you pay for everything you order while inside by having the bracelet they give you upon checking in scanned for every item you purchase.  You just take care of the bill when you check out.  Be careful, it's too easy to just order up a ton of things in the cafeteria by scanning your bracelet and not realizing how much it all adds up in the end.  That said, the cost of entry and the cost of food and drink while inside was worth the experience of a whole day  relaxing.  And sweating. And eating.  And sweating, relaxing again.  Best to come early and stay until you can't take the heat anymore.Can't wait to go back soon as I went in on a couple of tickets a group of us bought in bulk.  King Spa is often on groupon and you can snag discount tickets there as well.Don't forget to ask for coupons at the desk.  They are more than willing to hand out $10 off entry coupons if you just ask.
<review# 410,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/26/2013,10/6/2013,156,84,38,37,35>"A-tooth-whore?" "A-toot-hoor"? After my third visit, I still don't know how to pronounce the name of this place, but it doesn't matter. Whatever it's called, it's still magnifique!Jim happily greeted us at the door and remembered us even though we hadn't dined here in 7 months. Maybe it's because I, with the Asian last name, made the reservation. Nevertheless, we got the corner table near the window facing the sidewalk... it was a beautiful night. On to the food:1) Lamb Meatball on Crème Fraîche - Juicy, tender and just enough to wet your appetite for what was to come...2) "Smokey Spring Mussel Pot" - Ok, so I cheated on Kara this night. I wanted to try something different! This was indeed smokey and it reminded me of that bucket of mussels you'd have cooking over the camp fire.3) Hummus Pizza of the Day - As usual the dough was so soft and the egg on top made this a pleasing appetizer. 3a) The ATH Bicherine - double shot of dark espresso, cold cream and dark chocolate layered together - My fiancée loves to have dessert in the middle of dinner so here it was. I will admit, this was delicious.4) Hand made Casarecci Pasta, Lamb Meatballs, tomato sauce - That appetizer just made me want some more lamb meatballs so I went for it. Again, the meatballs were luscious, and the pasta and sauce made this such a tight dish.5) Pan Seared Sea Scallops - The scallops were perfectly cooked, caramelized at the top and bottom faces, with such a tender and juicy body.6) Chocolate chip cookie with scoop of cream cheese flavored ice cream - simple dessert that pairs the moist with the dry7) Marieke Gouda Cheese with berries - Nice way to end the evening.Wow... didn't realize we ate that much. When you go to this place, you just have to try everything. I guess that's what happened here. Now I'll have to hit up my 1-star gym to work it off. See ya![see photos for all dishes above]
<review# 411,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/16/2013,10/5/2013,69,139,6,9,5>This certainly isn't the best zoo I've been too but it's not bad at all and fairly enjoyable...and even better fairly priced.This is a child focused Zoo at least that's what I got out of it. I took my "little brother", age 8 and he had an absolute blast. It only took a couple hours to go thru the entire thing, but we did see the leopards like 4 times. They don't have lions, tigers and well one bear oh my. The animal selection is actually pretty slim but for young kids it's just perfect and not overwhelming.  I mean they have long stretches of stroller parking throughout, that should tell you their goal, which is totally cool. I saw a couple teenagers on dates and what not. I don't know if I'd come here without a child, because they don't have a lot of "wow" animals. It's just pretty basic, but again great for kids. The aquarium was pretty pitiful I will say that. I've seen better home aquariums. They have a red and blue train which goes around the woods for free. I only wish they had put some animals out there because it's just forest and the reservoir you get to see, nothing all too exciting but the kids love the train whistle and the engineer yelling "allllll aboard". The snack bar isn't bad, get the kids combo, chicken nuggets, fries, drink and animal crackers for less than 8 bucks, it filled me up, didn't even touch the animal crackers! Parking is free! I didn't know that going in, but I'm glad it was.Good child focused zoo, good prices and nothing that will take you all day to do and a good way to avoid cranky children.
<review# 412,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/9/2013,10/4/2013,141,290,2,6,4>I really really like this place. I get excited just thinking about my experiences here! Not only have I had dinners here, but we also hosted a private party here in February. The food is like farm to table - lots of seasonal foods and a spin on ordinary dishes. When I first dined here, I didn't think I would like it, as the variations on foods were not typically my style. But I gave a lot of dishes I might have dismissed a try and was pleasantly surprised. They have delicious appetizers, salads, seafood (crab cakes!) and brick oven pizzas. The service is friendly and on point. The ambiance here is remarkable. It reminds me of an upscale ski lodge with a rustic feel. Lots of fireplaces, wood and candles. It's classy yet understated. A great place to have dinner with friends, a romantic date or celebrate a special occasion. Regarding the private party we hosted - it was fabulous. We had a baby shower, which we held as more of a late Saturday afternoon cocktail party with passed hors d'oeuvres and an open bar. They made a lot of special accommodations for us including timing and specialty drinks (that were not currently in season but that a pregnant woman craved like virgin mojitos!). It was held in the space upstairs, where we have also dined which is just as pretty as the rest of the restaurant. The service was impeccable - we were truly taken of care by both management and our servers.
<review# 413,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/20/2013,10/3/2013,440,673,,5,4>This place is two blocks from where I live and I finally had a chance to visit one night maybe over a month ago? I wasn't sure why I didn't try them before. Maybe because 'moustache' was in the name? Something currently overused overrated and the epitome of hipster logos and themes right now. But besides that and in all fairness, everyone gets a shot. Verdict? This place had more substance than what I portrayed it to be.1. Fresh out the oven pitas. White or wheat. The fact that their made in house, where you can see them, and the option of grain was already a plus to me.2. It took quite some time for our food to show up. We knew it, the owners knew it. As a buffer gave us this really simple yet tasty lentil and lemon soup.3. The BRANZINO special. Although on the board it says string beans, mine came with sauteed spinach. The fish however? The fish was amazing. I'm salivating just thinking of it. Whole, head-on fresh fish. Perfectly cooked. Perfectly grilled. Clean flavor. Not fishy. I'm thinking about paying another visit right now.My advice? Come early. The service here is SUPER sit down. They're not flying plates out the kitchen which means something more about the craft of food thank that misleading tacky mustache.
<review# 414,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/26/2013,10/2/2013,69,155,,4,2>Disclaimer. I've only been here once so far. But I will be back. I tried a few of their tacos. I don't know about the most authentic but they are good tacos. Some of them were under seasoned (asado beef) and I really like their pork and tripe tacos. I think what really made me give this place a higher rating was because of the little things. Tacos themselves were about 3 stars. - they give you 3 sauces when you ask for hot sauce. the green, red, and creamy. Delicious! - They gave us grilled scallions with our tacos, I don't know why but I loved these. - $2 sol bottled. I don't think in terms of favor, they beat my current favorite pork tacos but this place has it's own benefits. I definitely want to try their extensive menu... But, I do agree with everyone else. The service is a bit on the slow side but they were quick to give us our beer so I'm not complaining. This accompanied by their chips and salsa... salsa... mildly addictive.
<review# 415,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/29/2013,10/1/2013,324,316,4,7,7>If you want a nice place to chow down on Malaysian food, Penang is a best bet. I don't think Asian food has to be a hole in the wall to be authentic. There are several of them in New Jersey and New York. Edison is the first Penang I remember going to, so for me this is the original Penang. For me Malaysian cuisine is satay, curry, noodles, soups. Spicy. I've been told several times that there are many more dishes in Singapore, and that what you get in restaurants in the US is a few dishes that have caught on so everyone serves them. You would have to travel to southeast Asia to experience the full range. Oh well. Penang will have to do for this armchair traveler.
<review# 416,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/30/2013,9/30/2013,46,108,2,5,4>Another satisfied client!  This place was probably closer to 4.5 stars.  Came here for lunch and they have a prix fixe for $15.  You get an appetizer, entree & dessert.  The nicer places in Montclair can be like NYC prices so I thought this was a great deal.  Shared the mosefund jamon, mussels, pork belly grits, pulled duck sandwich, mixed nut fudge brownie & root beer float with the house made tea (plum & blackberry with a lime).  The least exciting was the jamon although the cantaloupe was very flavorful.  The tea was decent although I couldn't taste the blackberry or the plum.  The mussels had this amazing green sauce.  It's times like this, I would like to be completely alone so I can lick the bowl clean.  I typically don't like grits but so many reviews commented on it that I couldn't resist plus I figured who can go wrong with pork belly.  This was prepared a little differently than what I imagined - the pork belly was on top of the grits and more like bacon. Still tasty!  The pulled duck s'wich also was tasty - the sauce was heavenly picking up flavors from the coleslaw and the duck.  The bun was great because it absorbed the sauce really well although there was a lot of dripping onto the plate.  Again, imagined myself licking up the plate.  It also came with a side of potato wedges and a pickle.  The potato wedges were really  good - thick, crispy on the outside and just the right hardness on the inside.  The root beer float was good but paled in comparison to the brownie. OMG - it was slightly crispy on the outside and fudgy on the inside.  Sadly most places where I get a brownie are disappointing, especially at bakeries but not here.  Honestly, if licking our plates clean was hygienic, they wouldn't have had to wash our dishes after our meal.
<review# 417,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/19/2013,9/28/2013,266,305,2,4,2>I like the atmosphere or Orale. it's like being in Mexico except the food is more expensive. But they do have a great collection of different "Mexican" cocktails and tequila. They do seem Authentic in regards to the foods. Maybe because  you can't get a burrito. I got the trio guacamole which was delicious! They use really good high quality Guac. I got the Blue Demon, El Naco, and the Mananitas. All were pretty good toppings but the Guac was really really good. I also tried the Boracho (fish taco), Machin (bone marrow & pork belly), Pastor (pork and pineapple), and the Carne (steak). The best that stood out to me was the Machin, Baracho, Carne, and the Pastor. Oh wait, that was all of them. It was definitely Booji because the portion was made for people watching their weight.. Way over priced but good quality. Drinks are good though. Dessert was not bad. Got the Flan and the Brownies. Sweet and not over powering. I would come here again. The atmosphere was cool.I just wished they had Carne Asada Fries!!!!! AHHH!!!!! If the owner or chef is reading this. GET IT ON THE MENU!!!!!!
<review# 418,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/29/2013,9/27/2013,134,111,,6,5>Honestly, not sure why this place isn't getting more love from Yelpers!  I've been here a handful of times over the past few years, and I can honestly say - not only have I had wonderfully prepared food, but also loved the ambiance and service.Food - some standouts for me:1) Truffle Shoestring Fries - consistent, so so tasty, generous portion for two2) Grilled Octopus - excellent flavor combo (love punch from the vinegar)3) Macaroni + Cheese (+ Lobster) - buttery, cheesy goodness (complements the tanginess from the Grilled Octopus actually) with hearty chunks of fresh lobster4) Frenched Chicken Breast - seasoned + cooked perfectly (I'm a sucker for anything pan-seared)5) Champagne Vanilla Scallops - wow, that is all (and don't let the "Vanilla" part throw you off - I asked for it on the side just in case and could not have a bite of my meal without it)6) the Swordfish special - grilled with a tomato romesco sauce and comes with charred thin asparagus, so so good7) the Cookie something? - I forgot the name, but I loved this.  You can tell it's made there and not a pre-ordered, frozen dessert from elsewhere.  Perfect way to describe it: it's a cross between a warm, gooey chocolate chip cookie and a cookie-cake-texture, topped with vanilla ice cream.Ambiance:Although, I have yet to have wine when I go there, Grand Cru definitely delivers on the wine bar feel.  Dimly lit all around, but moreso in the bar/lounge area.  High-tops for tables of two or four scattered around, plus a miniature chic bar make for a cozy Friday night.  The main dining area is a tad brighter - elegant yet still manages to keep that cozy feel.Drinks: Speaking of never having wine when I go there (unless you count a flute of moscato with dessert).  I would have to say that the drinks are the only part that hasn't wow'ed me at Grand Gru (maybe because it is a "wine bar" after all).  But if you're going to have craft cocktails on the menu, I would hope that they be yummy.  I've had the Sangratini as both a red + a white and didn't really love either.  I've also tried the Cucumber Southside and didn't like it.  My server was kind enough to switch it out for a regular mojito (since it pretty much mirrored one, switching out the gin for the rum); however, the mojito was just as bad.  I even had them add simple syrup, but it did not come back any better (to be honest, I didn't taste any simple syrup).  Sad.  Perhaps I should just stick to wine next time.Service:Great + no complaints.  Now, let me just add, everytime I've dined here, I've been with my best friend.  And what do two women do over drinks + dinner?  Talk.  Talk.  Talk.  I will admit, the wait times in between drinks + apps + mains + dessert can be a bit lengthy, but we have never been bothered because we're there for all of the above but mainly to enjoy each other's company (we're there for over 3hrs everytime).  If you just want a quick dinner, you won't leave raving about this place.  But if you want to enjoy a night out with good conversation accompanied by good food, then Grand Cru is your place.  Note: Moises was a great server our last visit.  His recommendations were helpful (we went with all of them), he was friendly + very accommodating.Tip: If you don't want to break the bank, come on a Tuesday for 20% off your bill (thanks for the tip, Moises!)
<review# 419,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/6/2013,9/26/2013,198,175,4,8,9>A much needed bit of Rhinebeck in my hood, and I love it!My husband and I sat down for breakfast this morning. We each had a ham, egg and cheese on a croissant -- which came with a small side of summer salad (blueberry, cucumber, red and yellow peppers and greens). We split a blueberry danish and sipped on our freshly brewed Americanos. The meal was lovely. Damage, around $23 w/o tip.Pros:-My husband no longer uses our French press, he heads over to Sam AM for his morning cup of Stumptown. No dirty dishes for us.-Coffee loyalty cards are available -Atmosphere is great. Cozy, laid back. Con:- The entrance area can get a bit jammed
<review# 420,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/4/2013,9/25/2013,4937,521,4,11,7>Khun Thai is an old fave which I had not been to in a while.  Out with two other couples and we had a great night.  The food and the service were as excellent ad recalled.  We started with appetizers.  Our group had chicken spring rolls, curry puffs, dim sum, shrimp salad, rare tuna spring rolls and squid salad.  Everyone enjoyed these.  I had the 4 star (spiciest) squid salad.  It was truly spicy which I appreciated and it was delicious.  As an entree I had the green curry frogs legs which were very tasty and a nice change of pace.  Lightly breaded and crunchy they hit the spot.  Others in our group got the wild boar curry, chicken and basil, grilled duck, chicken with ginger, and chicken in a brown sauce.  Everyone was happy.  Capped off meal with chocolate soufflé and coffee/tea.  I didn't eat it but everyone loved it.  We sat around chatting and they didn't hustle us out.  Very welcoming and friendly.  I strongly suggest you go there!  Ample parking in back.  BYOB which is great.  Not far from Wine Library if you need wine.
<review# 421,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/6/2013,9/24/2013,2315,442,17,26,24>Wonderful Balance Of Flavors  Split Menu Thai Or Lao, Not Fusion!  Great Use Of Spice  Small Unassuming Restaurant With Friendly ServiceIf I had to pair a Southeast Asian restaurant these are the cuisines that would be my choice. Ma is from the northern part of Thailand, that as a region prepares Thai food the way I prefer, leaning towards savory with a much more spice. The Lao side (Pa) features a more dry style of cooking, not a lot of stuff floating in sauce, more like a dry rub style with a skillful use of herbs, you will also find the pickling and fermenting of proteins. Both nations are closely related and as a result brought many of the traditional influences they share from what is now southern China. There is a French influence in Laos to this day, in the capitol Vientiane you can find French restaurants and baguettes throughout the city. Many times while visiting traditional authentic Southeast Asian restaurants you will be given silverware, this is not a case of catering to westerners, it's the French influence on these countries.The food here is the real deal so take off you training wheels and bring your adult palate. Items such as Pad Thai are marketed towards a broad audience, you know like a hamburger or pizza, so skip that and try something new! The spice levels are consistent and potent, you ask for a five (trust me) you get a five alarm fire on your dish! I can enjoy a very spicy dish but for those less inclined stick to a one  (or ask for no spice at all). Normally I go with a three or four and both are quite potent but for this farang, buttum hi pet mahk! this is probably over the top for most, so be conservative. If you need to kick it up a notch you can request condiments such as Thai chili flakes or a chili paste to season it to your liking.The proteins are of good quality, herbs and vegetables fresh and vibrant. They use quality Jasmine rice that's always light and fluffy and in addition offer delicious sticky rice (a Lao specialty) Often you will be served fresh rice noodles that are very thin and delicate which may confuse someone unfamiliar as being overcooked, not the case. Soups are excellent and perfectly seasoned along with a Lao crepe this is as good as it gets, phelidphelin!Bring a bottle and your patience, this is a family operated business and can easily be swamped.*Note: My personal review filter excludes Groupon gripers and Pad Thai as a criteria for quality Thai food, both are negligible in the judgement of this cuisine.Oh I forgot, ask for Thai Ice Coffee it's quite good.
<review# 422,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/26/2013,9/23/2013,84,106,4,6,5>OMG ITS MUCKY PUP!!!! So glad I found this place near my office. I mean, I think it's been around, but I just never went and I've clearly been missing out. They have a good selection of toppings for your dogs and they're so goooooood.The crack dog ($4.00) is a hot dog, wrapped in bacon and served with egg and cheese in your bun. The best idea ever. I got that and an All-the-way with cheese and that was fantastic. The main reason why I enjoyed this place so much was because of the service! The first order of my Crack Dog was missing the bacon....!!! The best part. So, I told the lady behind the counter that it was missing the bacon, assuming that she would take my hot dog and add the bacon, but she generously said to eat the one I got and she'll make a new one for me. I don't think I've ever been so happy in my life. BACON!!!! So good.One of my coworkers got an order of garlic cheese fries and they were on POINT. Not too garlic-y, where it overwhelms and makes you not want to eat them and not too bland where they are just normal fries. The garlic was there and it was good.10 bucks for a great meal of two hot dogs and a drink. I say go and as soon as you can! The kicker is, they're only until about 6 or 7PM :/
<review# 423,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/19/2013,9/22/2013,189,210,8,11,9>My son purchased a pair of used Air Jordan 5 sneakers at Sneakercon  (Which is some crazed convention where people buy/trade/sell  high end sneakers).  These particular sneakers he acquired sell for $600 new----I believe he paid $130 for them used.   The sneakers were in fair-good condition.  Unfortunately, they were suede---in my experience one of the most difficult surfaces to clean.  So we brought his red suede sneakers-----that had several scuffs and dirty areas---- to Frank's shoe repair.   Two days later we swing by to pick up the kicks.  My son  is beaming because these sneakers look amazing!!  Seriously, this guy is a shoe cobbler genius.  I have no idea how he transformed these sneakers for only $20.  My teen is ecstatic.  I would not hesitate to bring ANY of my shoes (which I can assure you retail for a lot less than $600) to Frank's for repair.  Finally, as my son and I were leaving Frank's, he turns to me a says, "Make sure you leave a  good Yelp review for this business, because that is how I found them, through Yelp."  Omg......I have spawned the next generation of Yelpers!   I love it!
<review# 424,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/31/2013,9/21/2013,1162,532,1,9,7>Ok, so the hype about this place is true. I had been passing it for the last 5 years and finally made the stop. Reminds me of a place you'd see on Diners, Drive-Ins, and Dives. Very cool, laid back vibes here.Three of us went here on a Friday night and there was a long line for a table. After standing for about 15 minutes, we decided to grab some empty seats at the bar. We figured we had at least another 20 minutes to go to be seated at a table and we were getting hungry.Looking at the menu, I couldn't believe how cheap the prices were. I think their most expensive pizza, "The Everything," is $16. We went with that. The bartender suggested we let them cook the pizza a little bit longer to allow their thin crust to better support the toppings. I was impressed by the suggestion and followed it. The crust still didn't hold that well, but at least she offered. Frankly, it didn't matter. The pizza was delicious. I wish we had gotten two of those. Instead, we opted for their "thick crust" Sicilian just to try another option.In comparison to other Sicilian pies I've had, there was nothing thick about the thick crust. It was certainly thicker than their other pies, but it was loaded with garlic. I'm okay with that, but I think next time we'll take their advice and go with the plain/original pizza.In the end, 2 beers and 2 pizzas (about 8 slices in each) amounted to $35 before tip, and we took 5 slices home. Pretty tough to beat that.
<review# 425,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/27/2013,9/20/2013,345,558,1,10,5>How have I not written a review for Sooth Away Your Aches???? Michael is amazing. Seriously. I'm not wild about being touched. In fact, I'd avoided massages for years because I don't like strangers touching me. I relented a few years ago, but never quite got the sense of euphoria that everyone else seems to. Like - I'd be somewhat more relaxed thanks to the hour or so in a dim, aromatherapied, soundscaped room, but would still feel every knot, tightness, and ache. Until I met Michael last year. There are really no words to describe how different this is from your standard issue massage. Michael actually finds all of the knots, and tightness, and aches, and he addresses them systematically. I'll walk in feeling a little beat down and tired, but leave feeling restful and ready for life. I can't recommend Michael highly enough. It's just so great to have a relaxing, effective massage.
<review# 426,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/3/2013,9/19/2013,27,86,6,11,7>OK, let's get to the point.  I have eaten BBQ all over the country.  I was a patron of Fink's Funky Chicken & Ribs, and followed chef David Finklestein to Bailey's up in Blauvelt, NY.  He is one of the most skilled pit masters I have ever encountered, and that includes the folks at the Big Apple BBQ Block Party.  His new venture is every bit what I would have hoped for and more.  Our meal started with the Texas Lollipops (sausage wrapped in bacon) with a killer horseradish sauce.  They were really terrific.  We then had  the pit sampler plate.  The ribs were knee buckling wonderful.  Chopped beef is sort of close to the burnt ends served at many smokehouse restaurants and extremely tasty.  The brisket was smoky, juicy and oozing flavor.  Fink's fabulous corn soufflé remains an icon of his ventures.  The cole slaw was not the cloying mayo laced type, but a subtle, flavorful compliment to the main course.  Only the garlicky beans need work.  They were bland and not worth the effort.  I should have chosen the spicy greens, which are a real treat.Overall, Fink's is the best BBQ place in the area.  It is right up there with the finest BBQ restaurants at which I have eaten anywhere in the United States.  Don't miss this place.  You owe it to yourself.
<review# 427,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/22/2013,9/18/2013,372,267,6,5,7>I was excited to see this place on Burgerland...on The Travel Channel..because i don't eat burgers..but seafood ---yes i do!Came here around 8 PM and there were about 10 people in there. its a small place, nothing fancy at all..usually i bring a bottle of vodka or two..but hey it was Tuesday night..gotta be up early..but i deff. have room for some food.The Sandwich de Tilapia was great! it was 4.50, and was a great--big piece of fried Tilapia....perfectly fried and declicious...It was on a big roll with some lettuce and onions and cant remember what else. I drowned my sandwich in the orange/pink sauce that was on the table...it was like a weird mayo...Deff get the Risolis De Camarao---basically shrimp and cheese in fried goodness. It was so good, but sadly there was only one left. Deff gotta get my ass down here earlier to get about 5.Desserts--Brigadeiro--a choc mouse type ball covered in sprinkles..it was good and sweet but really really rich. i could only really eat half of it.Cajuznho---peanut ball..same as above but peanut butter flavor, i enjoyed this one much more,I had a great time--the food came out quickly and was Delicious. The potato sticks on sandwiches were great & just because someone doesn't eat a meat burger doesn't mean you cant enjoy this place.
<review# 428,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/1/2013,9/17/2013,280,185,5,9,5>I'm just gonna get down to business with this review: this place has been voted BEST BACON IN MONTCLAIR. We didn't realize this until after we ordered, so my husband ran inside to add a side of bacon to our order. When the meal arrived, all I had to do was look at the bacon to know it this was serious. After the first bite, I think I was momentarily transported into some alternate universe where everything is made of bacon. I think some people call it "heaven." Anyway, now that I've gotten the bacon business out of the way, I'll carry on.My husband and I both got iced coffee with soy milk (free refills!) to start. Plum's brew is so delicious my husband didn't even use any sugar in his - and he's usually a two-packet kinda guy. In addition to the mind-altering bacon, I got the huevos rancheros, which came on a crispy corn tortilla, topped with a hearty serving of ranchero beans, two sunny-side-up eggs, avocado, lightly topped with shredded cheese and served with a side of perfectly cooked homefries and house-made salsa. My husband got the signature sandwich, which he so kindly allowed me to take a bite of; the combination of roasted pork loin, red onion, brie and plum was pretty phenomenal, but I definitely liked my choice better.The service was attentive, even though the small restaurant was packed inside and we were the only people eating outside (it was 90 degrees out on the sidewalk patio). The food was hot and fresh, our server came to check on us just often enough, and they cleared everything away without making us feel like they were pushing us out. No complaints here.
<review# 429,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/29/2013,9/16/2013,195,235,15,14,15>My work team and I had an all-day meeting on Thursday, so we decided to place a delivery order from Bruno's for lunch. I placed the order the evening prior for 11:45 AM delivery the next day (we were going to be tied up for hours and we would have no time to order lunch in the morning). They were able to take my Corporate Amex over the phone which was fabuloso (I love spending other people's money).  We ordered five pizzas (assorted), three salads (assorted), 15 cans of soda (assorted), and 10 bottles of water. We should have just called this the "Assorted Luncheon".  At any rate, the food arrived at 11:45 AM sharp and the order was 100% correct. The delivery guy was super cool. He stacked everything nicely for us on a random cart that our security guard found for us (thanks, sir!). We were able to whisk the food upstairs to our ravenous Corporate colleagues with ease.Hot pizza, crisp salads (accompanied by soft bread), ice cold sodas, and packets of Parmesan cheese/red pepper/garlic, etc., for seasoning. They included extra plates and a ton of napkins. Everyone loved the food, and not just because they were starving. Safe to say that Bruno's will be our new go-to pizzeria for our endless friggen meetings....
<review# 430,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/5/2013,9/15/2013,237,200,4,6,6>FINALLY A SOCIAL CLUB THAT'S MORE THAN JUST A SALON FOR MEN!Where can you find an old-school barbershop that gives men's haircuts for men? Are there any places left out there where a man can shoot the breeze and talk about the old days back in the neighborhood? Supercuts may compete on cost, but is there anything out there that competes on style?Even before walking through the door you already know that this place oozes with cool. The gray-scale barbershop pole outside gives a retro feel that reminds men that this hallowed ground is sacred and they cater only to people in the XY chromosome category. Note that HRSC is indeed kid-friendly, just so long as Daddy's little boy can sit in his seat without crying, because there's no crying in baseball! And chances are the guys are watching some game on the 50+ inch LCD TV, so the rule is be cool.So how was my experience?I called ahead on a Saturday afternoon and asked how long was the wait. They said that they could take me right away. Boom! It was that easy. Next time I roll through I'll be sure to give them some more notice before coming down, and they even told me that you can reserve your spot on their online system too.  Clearly these guys know how to treat a Gent with some respect.I got my cut from David and as it turned out he knew a bunch of the guys that I used to roll with back in Yonkers. Talk about Worlds collide! This was one of first times that I felt at home on this side of the Hudson and I can't wait to get back to do it all over again. He gave me a fresh cut and finished the edges with some hot cream and a straight edge razor.Maybe some of you are saying that it's just a haircut, but I beg to differ. To most guys like me, this place represents a place where 30 minutes to an hour where a guy can hang out with the other guys and have his own time out. The yardwork, grocery shopping, and workplace can all wait.You're better than Supercuts. Get to HRSC and treat yourself with some respect.
<review# 431,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/14/2013,9/14/2013,52,109,,4,3>We love our litle zoo and want to make sure that they get the best care possible. After visiting mutliple vets in the area we were so happy to have discovered Edgewater Animal Hospital. Dr. Kim and his staff are kind, knowledgeable and willing to assist in any way they can. Unlike most vets, whom I sometimes felt forced me into uneccessary drugs, tests and treaments for my pets, Dr. Kim is great about telling you what needs to be done now, and what can wait for later.I also got the chance to meet Dr. Silver this past weekend and she's great - very easy to talk to, and very open about addressing any concerns about my pet. Their staff is excellent, and seem genuinely invested in the well being of their patients.
<review# 432,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/23/2013,9/13/2013,214,281,3,6,7>Shopping at the Wine Library is a delight and an experience. They have scoured the planet for every wine and gourmet food product that you could ever want and the people that work there are friendly, helpful and knowledgeable. The wines are organized by country and the gourmet section is huge. When you go there - do yourself a favor and set aside some time to browse. You can pop in and grab some wine and cheese on the fly but it's really fun to walk around and peruse everything- the place is enormous. What really sets the Wine Library apart is not just the superior quality and amazing selection of their products.  They also have a gifted and committed staff that is so well versed about wine and cheese as to be able to combine them in magical ways that are so amazing that they blow you away.  The Wine Library did a Wine and Cheese tasting at my 40th birthday party. The preparation that went into this event was very personalized. Christina and Stephen are so good at what they do I could not have asked for more professional people to work with. They listened to what I wanted and gave me something better than I ever could have hoped for. The Wines, Cheeses, Charcuterie and Snacks selected for the tasting were so unique and interesting that no one at the party had ever heard of them before but everyone raved about them. Some of the guests took empty wine bottles home so as not to forget the names of the wines they liked and all asked for the lists of the cheeses to be emailed to them as soon as possible so the could run right out the Wine Library themselves to acquire them.This was an unforgettable soiree. The rest of the celebration after the tasting went incredibly well because the Wine Library did such an extraordinary job. People were so happy and enlivened with good cheese and wine that all of them went on and on praising us as hosts for the rest of the night about how awesome the tasting was and how they can't wait to do one themselves for their next party.Expertise like what they have at the Wine Library is so invaluable. Go there to get stuff for your own dinner or cocktail party, or when you need a hostess gift, or just when you want something special for yourself. They even offer to bring cases of wine out to your car and they ship their wares in the mail.
<review# 433,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/25/2013,9/12/2013,67,15,3,13,6>I think this might be favorite cafe in town hands down!! Back in my fatty days (not long ago) you could easily find me here almost everyday. Sometimes alone, others with friends and many times while working. The excuse? I'm a nanny and they have a cute play room upstairs. I did it for the kids you know;)I usually got their croissants which are to die for!! But they do have low carb, healthier options as well. The staff is very nice and sweet. The location is perfect being very near Washington and the path. Inside the decoration is simplistic and of good taste.I love this place so much that my friend makes fun of me and wonders why I haven't reviewed it. So here it is! Love love love Choc O Pain! Or should I say Choc O Pain Je t'aime! And I don't care if you don't say it back! XDAwesome place. Go see for yourself. I live close by so I'll be happy to join if you treat me to a cup of their delish coffee! :D
<review# 434,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/21/2013,9/11/2013,143,445,1,8,5>Came here in a Friday evening with my wife's aunt who we haven't seen in a while, so we were expecting to sit all night talking. The decor is awesome here, really comfortable not pretentious. The lighting is great too especially at sundown, and although the restaurant was full we didn't have to yell to hear each other.For starters I ordered the warm beet salad, great flavor nice vinaigrette, loved that it was served warm; the wife ordered the heirloom tomato and burrata, even though it's early spring the tomato was still pretty tasty; for the entree I ordered a special of sable fish with spinach and fingerlings, buttery in texture, perfectly prepared; the wife got the filet mignon ravioli, great flavor rich and awesome.For dessert I got the chocolate bar with olive oil gelato, dense and great with the gelato must try! The wife got the home made root beer float, what a difference in flavor you get with home made root beer, so awesome.I thought the service was good, but our server did a few things that just annoyed me, she grabbed the check immediately after the credit card slip was signed, even though it was in the middle of the table not on the outside, almost as if we were being rushed. And while we were sitting there talking, every few minutes someone would come along removing silverware or water glasses from our table as to say "leave". I could understand if she was trying to leave or if the restaurant was packed and they needed our table, but that was not this case. As soon as they brought the check, customer service stopped.This little issue would not prevent me from coming back, it just feels weird when the server makes it obvious that once you pay, it's over. Especially when you are spending 75+ per head at a BYO
<review# 435,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/29/2013,9/10/2013,242,2016,5,10,9>Goodness, this pizza is legit.  The regular slice is phenomenal.  The margherita and the tomato and fresh mozzarella slice is the best I've had in Jersey.  I'll definitely be coming back to try their other specialty slices, and they have over half a dozen every day.Aside from providing phenomenal pizza, they also deliver--which is nice for you lazy bums or those with bad credit that can't afford an automobile.  All joking aside, only Pizza Town serves a better regular slice.  However, as far as specialty slices go, Pizza Mania is unmatched.  Diana M. you are so right...
<review# 436,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/21/2013,9/9/2013,115,202,3,3,4>I can't say enough good about this wonderful restaurant!  This is my family's go-to for special occasions...we've held private parties here, and frequently come to the special events they have for holidays like Mother's Day or Easter.  Prix-fixe lunches are also excellent. The special occasion brunches are absolutely TO DIE FOR.  A delightful, quality spread.  The au gratin potatoes and seafood bouillabaisse are delicious, there's a great selection of cheeses, and a dessert table that I could just hang out at while they refill the (best-I've-ever-had) creme brulee and chocolate mousse. It's a family-owned business and Madeleine and her husband sometimes sing French songs, depending on the day or holiday.  It's basically a riot/amazing. My one and only gripe is that the inside and the crowd can be a little stuffy/stodgy.  Mostly it reminds me of the inside of my grandparent's house.  But honestly, the great food and service outweigh that!
<review# 437,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/1/2013,9/8/2013,475,804,5,6,7>Keeping it classy with the folks for Easter, we had our Easter dinner here one day early to avoid the crowds on Easter, plus the early dinner three course $16 prix-fix is available on Saturday.  The restaurant got very busy around 5:30 and service was friendly, but not warm.  Food was very good, had the cauliflower soup to start which was amazing.  I also tasted the polenta appetizer (Creamy Polenta with Red Pepper Coulis, Fresh Basil and Three Cheese Sauce) which was a big portion and delicious.  For mains I had the pasta special (Penne with Cherry Tomatoes, Asparagus, Wilted Greens and Herbs).   The asparagus in the pasta was well done, the sauce was light, but the penne was nothing special.  I sampled the Cod (Roasted Cod with Fennel, Fingerling Potatoes and Provençal Tomato Sauce) and I thought it was the better dish.  For desert I had the Apple-Raisin Strudel, which was 100% the bomb. Fresh apples were amazing, good strudel, and a balanced amount of cinnamon.  I would give Amanda's 4  1/2 stars for food, but the value of the early dinner special is outstanding, so 5 stars.
<review# 438,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/22/2013,9/7/2013,216,199,4,5,3>Solid Food & Good PeopleMcGovern's Tavern is a Rutgers-Newark campus staple that is loved and frequented by many! I can always depend on McGovern's to be consistently consistent when it comes to the food, drinks and service. This is the go-to bar on campus for a quick bite to eat, a drink and a great time!-Price: $10-17 per person (food & drink)-Screams: Irish Bar, College Hangout, Jersey/ NY Proud-Cool Beans: McGovern's was open during Hurricane Sandy-Ambiance: Laid back, unpretentious, friendly neighborhood bar-Frequented By: Rutgers-Newark & NJIT students, staff/ faculty and visitors, police officers, alums and tons of loyal regulars -Good For: Groups, catching up with friends and eating some decent bar grub-What To Order: Burgers, fries, beverages/ cocktails, any fried foods, wings. The sweet potato and lava fries are incredibly delicious!-Service: Dedicated staff that take pride in their job, bar, city and the state of NJ-Best Nights: Tuesday (Trivia Night), Wednesday & Thursdays-Tip: $10 Minimum for credit/ debit cards
<review# 439,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/22/2013,9/6/2013,350,236,2,8,3>Most definitely one of the best restaurants in Jersey City...can't believe it took me so long to get here.  Not for lack of want, but rather for lack of time - and the PERFECT time at that. Months ago I first tasted food from Satis at an event in the neighborhood and it was honestly love at first bite.  I was served their infamous Gnocchi as well as their Beef Short Ribs - both typically favorites of mine - and because both were SO flavorful I knew I had to further explore their menu with a visit.  So the time finally came a few weeks ago on a Saturday morning when I was looking for the perfect restaurant with outdoor seating in a quiet neighborhood.  The fact that it was a Saturday I knew I had to go to Satis to take advantage of their brunch deal (deal not avail on Sundays) where you can order your choice of entree and also receive a Bellini or mimosa for only $17.95.  What a deal and the perfect ambiance, too. My friend and I both ordered the Shredded Beef Brisket served with 2 eggs (I ordered just over sunny & my friend opted for none), with potato & harissa - you know how much I love a touch of spice!  It was perfection as was my Bellini.  Service was friendly and not at all rushed.Absolutely looking forward to returning for dinner as well as to check out their wine bar!  I highly recommend this fantastic gem of a restaurant in Jersey City!
<review# 440,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/16/2013,9/5/2013,236,245,9,4,4>Hey! Hey you!  Fuggedabout what you read here, 'kay? Because this place is so amazing that the line was already out the door on a Saturday around noon. Firefighters, cops, local Heights residents, and lil ole me. And Bald One, but once I walked into Andrea Salumeria I forgot all about him.Charming Italian gents paying me compliments? (He also said, "I have an Asian thing too..." to Bald One....LOL I almost died laughing!) Yes. The aroma of smoked proscuittos and salamis and olives and parmesan hitting me as soon as I walked in? Yes. The most mouthwateringly delicious sandwiches you ever did eat? Yes.We got a "half" Soprano. Let me tell you, the half is enough for 1 EXTREMELY large or EXTREMELY hungry man who has just done a lot of physical activity. If you're medium or small and have a regular appetite, you'll probably be able to SPLIT the half. And maybe eat something else on the side, like pickles or chips. They lay the salami, proscuitto, and some other delicious meats on really thick, with soft fresh house-made mozzarella and sundried tomatoes. Delicious!  I also added hot peppers for that spicy kick.This sandwich made my whole weekend!But now that you've read this, you should just, um,  you know....forget I said anything!
<review# 441,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/12/2013,9/4/2013,129,256,,6,7>Union City is home to the largest Cuban population in the U.S. outside Miami (and also to a plethora of South and Central Americans living in the area). That's pretty legit, so it's no wonder that walking up and down Bergenline will treat your tastebuds to a tantalizing collection of treats. Having grown up in the area, and having sampled a variety of different places, I've gotta stick with Latin American as my favorite food in the area.The restaurant itself is unassuming without being divey. It won't win you any style points with the ladies, but it's clean and, more importantly, the food is delicious. Definitely try the lechon with arroz moro and yuca with garlic mojo sauce. The lechon comes out JUICY, unlike several Cuban restaurants I've tried in Manhattan. The yuca (cassava) is the perfect complement to the lechon.The prices are ridiculously cheap when you factor that two people can easily split an entree ($10 lechon/rice/yuca for 2? yes please). They also have a bunch of other dishes (various steaks, meats, chicken) and you can't really go wrong any way you decide to order.Plenty of street parking available in the vicinity. Quick, attentive service. Chicarron brought to your table on the weekends. 5 stars, 2 thumbs (and my cholesterol level) way up.ProsEXCELLENT foodsuper cheapbig portions (great value)ConsMy future wife will not like that this restaurant has spoiled me with their great food
<review# 442,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/14/2013,9/3/2013,65,149,2,5,2>Finally got a library card, about time since I have been living in Jersey City for almost 3 years now! I usually don't purchase too many books/eBooks, so joining a library works out great for me. In order to get the library card, you either need to be a resident or work in Jersey city and provide documents to show the same.I haven't visited the actual brick and mortar location yet. JCFPL has a Bookmobile program running since 2008 - the walls of the bus are lined with bookshelves that hold around 2,000 books, two small Public Access computers, DVD player in the back of the bus, along with rest facilities. You can apply for library membership, check out/return books at the book mobile.  Fines are not collected on the Bookmobile but you will receive a bill by mail for any late charges.Check out the website for the route for the book mobile - jclibrary.org/branches/bAs for the selection of books, their eBook selection is ok. They do have a few latest eBooks; hopefully they will keep on expanding the digital selection. I searched the website for the books I wanted to read and did find quite a few, so maybe a visit to the Pavonia branch is in order. The selection of books in the book mobile was also ok, didn't find too many novels that I would want to read. But they have a good number of books for children/young adults. I have seen a lot of parents in my neighborhood browsing through the Bookmobile with their kids.
<review# 443,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/24/2013,9/2/2013,248,246,2,5,3>Well, more like 3.5 stars, but I'll bump Bibi'z up to 4. Came here with my parents and boyfriend for my mom's birthday. Wanted to try something new, and this place came up in a Yelp search (don't tell anyone, but I mostly chose it because it had vegetarian/vegan options clearly marked). The cuisine is New American with a Mediterranean flair.To summarize: the food is decent, but the menu descriptions need to be reworked; drink menu is diverse and interesting; the service tries really hard, but the time it takes for food to get to the table is pretty long (this doesn't bother me too much personally because I like long dinners); atmosphere is pleasant and contemporary.When we arrived, like three hostesses greeted us, and one of them took our coats. The vestibule area is also a bar with some more casual seating, and the main dining room is in the back. My parents were running late so the waitress asked us for drink orders, told us about specials (maybe should have waited), and answered questions we had about the menu. Some things marked "V" on the menu, like the wild mushroom ravioli, are not actually vegan. So beware if you have strict dietary restrictions. Also, some dishes that are spicy are not really described as spicy (a shrimp and linguine dish).My parents finally arrived, and we ordered a bottle of Riesling. The complimentary bread was warm and delicious, but we found out its not house made when the waitress said something like, "Oh this is way better than the bread we were getting last month." Haha I thought that was a weird thing to say.Well, after being disappointed about the ravioli - the waitress initially told me it was vegan then returned to say it wasn't, breaking my little heart. So I decided to order a pear balsamic salad with a variety of nibbles (tapas style dishes) and split a side with my boyfriend. I got the hummus, stuffed grape leaves, fava bean dip, and a side of braised Brussels sprouts.My boyfriend ordered a cheese less version of the eggplant Napoleon, my mom got a mint yogurt dip, and the entrees they ordered were the shrimp with linguine and I don't remember what my mom ordered, but she seemed to like it.My salad was okay, the hummus was EXCELLENT, the fava bean dip was gross and came with a side of guacamole (what?), the stuffed grape leaves were flavorful, and the Brussels sprouts were excellent (but how could you mess those up?). My food came with enough warm pita for the whole table. My mom really liked her dip, and my boyfriend enjoyed his Napoleon. Both my da and boyfriend complained they entrees were spicy, which you couldn't really tell from the menu description.The waitress was on the verge of over attentive, but I appreciate her effort. I would return to Bibi'z for a special occasion, but I'd really like for them to rewrite the menu descriptions and categories. I love that they have a whole vegan section on the menu, but honestly the two choices seemed a little uninspired and crunchy-hippie style for me. Vegan food doesn't have to be boring, you guys!
<review# 444,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/5/2013,9/1/2013,169,317,9,11,9>This is why I can't have a nice waistline!!! Whatevs, no regrets. A couple things:1. They have their version of a cronut here. I have no point of reference since I never tried the real cronut (I'm not about that line standing life. Nooooope!). First couple of bites are heaven, but then it just gets heavy and you end up hating yourself. Probably best for drunk bingeing.2. Restraint is a must because everything looks delightful, is packaged beautifully and priced reasonably. Basically you'll want to buy everything. 3. My faves: sweet potato soft cake, green tea and red bean cake (ohmigod I just loooooooooove this!), anything with red bean and cream filling. 4. Vegetarian fare in the sandwich/hot food department is lacking. Minor issue because the pastries are every-thang!
<review# 445,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/15/2013,8/31/2013,238,435,3,11,4>Compared to other Asian buffets, this is definitely one of the better ones. Plus the prices are crazy low- lunch (what I had is under $10 including tax). Bargain. The quality is pretty good. I mean is this top quality stuff? Of course not. But compared to other buffets (aside from the "high end' ones that charge over $20) this is definitely up there. Everything tasted fresh, I was not afraid to try the sushi, and the crowds mean that the food is replaced often. Quality is the best of the buffets of this kind that I have had in NJ. There is also pretty good variety. From sushi to the hibachi grill to raw seafood to standard americanized Chinese food to the usual American fare, there are many options. Of the food I tried, nothing stood out as amazing but there was nothing that was horrible. I did not try the Hibachi stuff but it looked pretty good and is cooked to order. I did have some sushi and it was by far the best sushi I have had at a buffet like this. It looked fresh and while was not on par with a sushi restaurant (obviously) was not bad. They also have a bunch of whole cakes that you can slice for dessert, brownies, ice cream, jello, and other stuff. Overall, this is a good option for a buffet in northern NJ. The prices and value can not be beat. It is pretty busy even during the week but also quite large.
<review# 446,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/23/2013,8/30/2013,137,143,4,8,7>Solid pizza, easily one of the best thin crust crispy coal oven pizzas in the NJ/NYC metro area.I don't know why this place has gotten so many mediocre and one star reviews, but everyone has a right to their opinion. Service has always been good, it can be slow from time to time but I've never had an issue.The waitresses have always been polite, good personalities with a decent amount of knowledge regarding the menu. The pizza chef is phenomenal in what he does. He has mastered the coal oven a tough feat considering the extreme high heat the oven puts out and how easily it is to improperly bake a pie in the oven. Pies cook in under three minutes to a well done crispness. The dough is great tasting and although the pie is cooked well done and crispy on the outside it maintains a nice light airiness to it. Another nice touch is how they place the slices of the fresh mozzarella on the pie first before the sauce. It's one of the keys that helps keeps the pie from getting soggy. The sauce is fresh tasting and likely made with San Marzano tomatoes.To read reviews comparing this pizza to papa johns is just ridiculous lol this is one of the best most consistent pies you can find in the area.Beyond the pizza, the appetizers are very good as well.The wings are phenomenal - nothing like your run of the mill wings. These are roasted in the coal oven tossed in evoo, Spanish onions, garlic, black pepper a dash of sea salt and a bit of chopped spicy yellow peppers. They are cooked to a nice crisp, juicy and extremely flavorful. They come in orders of 10.Shrimp beeps - they are a must try. Plump shrimp battered and fried and served in a spicy fra diablo type of sauce.And the calamari is top notch. They serve a very generous portion that is always cooked on point and are always very tender and never rubbery.Dinner dishes I ve only had the chicken parm which is one of my favorites in the area. Very well priced being under 14 for an individual portion which is an enormous piece of thin cutlet topped with a great amount of fresh mozzarella. The chick is def big enough to share with someone.It's served with your choice of pasta - linguini or penne. Fratellis has become my go to place for Italian take out. I order from here just about once a week since they opened back in Jan.This place is much better then Rosa Italiano in Garfield - ESP in regards to pizza. Portions are much larger, the quality is much better and the prices are way more reasonable. I would say the food is on par with what is served at goodfellas which better prices.
<review# 447,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/7/2013,8/29/2013,288,175,6,11,10>Wow I'm impressed!  I've tried  lot of pizza in my time, even used to make pizza many moons ago, but this place hits the spot!  Coal fired pizza at it's best!The buffalo wings were awesome! White Clam Pizza is so good!  Truffle Shuffle Pizza (goat cheese, sun-dried tomatoes, asparagus, and truffle oil) even better!   I was full after 3/4 of the pie was done, but kept on eating cause it was crazy good!One of the best check in deals I've seen yet!  Free wine tasting for just checking in; you can't beat that!  It's from a local winery which is nice!  They have a liquor license to sell bottled wine from that specific winery but, I've seen people bring their own... so I'm pretty sure it's BYO.The Specials are always awesome, just got a desert special!  Cookies & Cream:  Crushed up, warm chocolate chip cookies layered with vanilla ice cream in a mason jar topped with cannoli filling!  Holy crap that was good!!!The staff there is super friendly and they always remember you.  (Shout out to Dave!)Check this place out.  Coal fired is the way to go!Update:10/11/13  I was there for lunch last week and I got a flatbread sandwich, and they make a fresh flatbread in the brick oven for every sandwich they make!  It was absolutely incredible!     On my last visit I got the pumpkin cannoli... so dam good!  It's like pumpkin pie filling blended with cannoli filling.  It's a seasonal item and I suggest you make room for it, because that was the highlight of my meal!
<review# 448,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/26/2013,8/28/2013,278,439,5,11,8>#SexyhairI have to echo all the positive reviews. If you told me I would drive an hour to a salon in Woodbridge (bypassing all the salons in my town and even Manhattan) I would be suspicious, but here I am, ready to become a repeat customer.  Going in, I was afraid it would be very "Jerseylicious" but it is not in any way. Vinny is an absolute wizard of his craft with a lovely personality to boot. He had a vision for me prior to my appointment which you could tell he spent considerable effort on, and incorporated my own personality rather than his own agenda. I hate when stylists want to force their ideas on you, but Vinny's idea was like me only better! I left feeling renewed, confident, and sexy.
<review# 449,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/7/2013,8/27/2013,90,125,3,5,7>I've only been here once so far but I am itching to get back. I went to see a band that I love but it won me over as a cool place to grab yummy grub and listen to music. My only complaint would have been very slow service...although the quality was definitely sufficient. I can imagine when the place is hoppin' , as it was on the night I went, it is hard to be attentive but I think there is still possibility for improvement.The beer selection is fantastic and my waiter was extremely knowledgable about the list. He made a suggestion based on my taste and I was very happy! The food I tried was delicious. I had the nacho appetizer which is not your average big greasy pile of chips but individually cooked chips with the perfect amount of toppings. I had the chicken tortilla soup and blue cheese slaw (ummmm why isn't this a bigger thing because it's amazing!) and was content with both selections. The price point is right and the vibe is nice. This is definitely the place to go for dinner and fun live music.
<review# 450,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/21/2013,8/26/2013,188,267,4,9,7>Having lived in, worked in, and driven all over JC for quite some time, I've passed this place a zillion times and never went inside until last week.I was glad I finally did. I had a craving for good tacos but wanted to change up the venue - so I decided to venture to the other side of JSQ and hit up Taqueria Mi Mariachi. This place is no-frills, authentic, homestyle Mexican food made by hard-working, loving Mexicans - or, in other words, my kind of place. There is a long lunch counter which runs adjacent to the grill and prep stations, and four (or so) small tables. The menu items - tacos, burritos, tortas, tostadas, and the like - are listed on a big sign above the counter. They don't have beer, but there are two fridge cases of Jarritos, Mexican Coke (so much better than American HFCS Coke), water, and the like. The menu above the counter also lists aguas frescas, which I didn't see, but I also usually only see supersize jugs of the stuff.The staff was friendly and welcoming to everyone who entered, whether Spanish-speaking or not. I'm fluent in Spanish, but my friend D is not and he communicated just fine. By chance we ended up ordering the same thing: one taco al pastor, one pollo, and one asada. I wanted the barbacoa and lengua, but they were sold out, so my advice to you would be to go at lunch instead if you want to try those (we got there around 7 pm). Ten minutes later, we received our plates: three very nice-sized tacos in fresh corn tortillas, garnished with the traditional radish, cilantro, onion, and lime. We each received a small container with a green, avocado-based sauce, ad another with a spicier red sauce. D and I both agreed that the asada was a bit disappointing, as the meat was dry and not terribly flavorful (I'd try it again earlier in the day for comparison). The al pastor was quite the opposite, thankfully: flavorful, tender pork studded with small chunks of pineapple. Surprisingly, though, my favorite was the chicken: tender, moist meat, chopped into small bits, and stuffed generously in the tortilla. Chicken can be so easily overdone and dried out: I was super impressed with how well it was prepared.Our bill for six tacos, a water, and a Jarritos, was only about $15 - amazing. As we left, again, the staff was super gracious and appreciative.I have - and will continue - to recommend this place to others (but not too many others; it's a gem! hehe), if not just for the food but also as a friendly reminder that good food and life truly does exist beyond the downtown area.
<review# 451,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/18/2013,8/25/2013,96,183,2,7,7>I am so glad I found this place on Yelp! Being on the south shore of SI, there is a lack of variety. It's either Italian/pizza, Japanese, or Chinese. Those are your options folks... but now with Sabor open, I can throw Puerto Rican into my takeout rotation! :)When I looked up the menu online, I was kinda shocked at how high the prices were. I mean $22 for pernil is rather steep. But when I got the food home and was presented with almost a whole pork shoulder, I changed my tune. The pernil was very good and it wasn't over powered by the garlic, which it sometimes can be. The BF ordered the Ropa Vieja and while still a decent size for $18, it wasn't quite the deal that the pernil  was. I actually preferred the arroz Moro to my arroz con gondules, which is surprising since I live for arroz con gondules. The pigeon peas were still a little tough. It just wasn't how abuleita made it.The restaurant is tucked away in the back of the Arden Heights Shopping Center, right next to the big car wash. If I didn't read the reviews here that specified the location, I would have never found it.While it is a bit steeper than I'm usually used to paying for Puerto Rican food, I would enthusiastically recommend this place. It's a nice change of pace from the usual hum drum dining options available in the south shore.Oh, and one last thing. The staff were super friendly. They offered me something to drink while I waited for my food to be packed for takeout. I've never been anywhere where they offered me a beverage while I waited for my food.
<review# 452,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/10/2013,8/23/2013,1550,325,2,7,5>We were the only ones in the restaurant for Sunday lunch.  The rest of Montclair, as noticed as we strolled around the area after lunch, was eating outside.Wife started with the seafood dumplings in a spicy coconut broth.  We inquired as to what type of seafood was in the dumplings and were quite shocked to learn that there was no shellfish it was salmon, tuna and some other fish which I don't recall at the moment.  The spicy coconut broth was one of the best dishes she had had in a long while. Flavors were perfectly balanced, the portion was generous and the coconut broth with the spicy kick made her crave a glass of the stuff!I began with a salad of brussel sprouts, almonds and apples.  They cut up the brussel sprout so that they were almost like a cole slaw.  The creamy dressing was light and flavorful.  A really good dish.  Wife's main dish was mushrooms, truffle oil and ricotta pizza.  There was a generous portion of mushrooms, see pic, that covered almost every inch of that pizza.  My main dish was "the" burger with white cheddar cheese and caramelized onions on brioche.  Unfortunately, I asked for it medium rare and it came out medium.  Otherwise it really is one of the best burgers in the area.  We were not offered dessert.  Service was great!  Then again we were the only ones there.
<review# 453,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/4/2013,8/22/2013,1368,123,7,12,20>You often see me write about the small things . . . I have three adult children (36, 31, 25). Today is our middle (son)'s birthday (4th of July). We decided to try Fernandes for lunch and celebrate his birthday. This is our first time here.The food was great and the service was even better.We all (6) ordered the Rodizio. It just kept coming, and coming, and coming. I've been to other places where the food stops at some point. Not here.My oldest son is mentally disabled (fragile x - like autism). He is such a joy! The wait staff picked up on it immediately. For some reason he decided not to eat (actually very little).  Their concern was genuine and respectful. It pleased my wife (and all of us) to no end.When the bill arrived, the Manager decided not to charge for my son. He didn't have to. He just did.It is . . . the little things.A really wonderful day. My daughter has a new boyfriend. It is his first time in the Ironbound. He was amazed that a restaurant this nice was in an industrial area, with lots of warehouses.Oh, btw . . . one of the many gifts my oldest son does have is he can pick a phony out in about 3 seconds with amazing accuracy. He does approve of her new boyfriend.
<review# 454,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/3/2013,8/21/2013,456,539,10,24,19>The Greenbelt - heart of New York's green side, park of all parks (almost 3000 acres of it!), and largest of city's forest preserves. From wild life and bird watching to tennis and golf courses, from hiking trails to just enjoying the beauty of nature, it has it all.With six major trails and more secondary ones, Greenbelt is hikers, runners and bikers dream. Clearly marked, varied in terrain and length, trails spread from Hylan to Victory Blvd with a heart in High Rock Park. Must see: Willowbrook Lake, Nature Center & Carousel for kids. There are also many wild streams, old ruins and foot bridges along the trail - enjoy the walk and the scenery! (wear comfortable hiking shoes and bring your camera!)For more info and map of hiking trails: sigreenbelt.org
<review# 455,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/2/2013,8/20/2013,397,687,22,27,25>This is the third farmer's market I've reviewed, and probably the last one I need to review, because this is the best of the three.Every year we look forward to the local farmer's markets opening in the spring and the one in Morristown is usually great.  I'm always a big proponent of supporting your locals so I try to put my money where my mouth is and buy what I can here (and the other local farmers' markets).  It's a little more expensive than what you pay in the supermarkets, but for a lot of the produce you can taste the difference. Jersey corn and Jersey tomatoes are the best in the country (yeah, I said that Iowa, Nebraska, California and Florida).The pickle guy makes some of the best I've ever tried...huge fan of the hot and spicy ones. The cheese stand is pretty good, but a lot of it is made from goat or sheep milk-not my favorite, but pretty damn good.  Also a huge fan of the bread stand, the fresh honey, and the fish monger.  Just sitting here writing this makes me long for warmer weather and fresh produce!This market is very dog friendly (if you're interested in bringing your pup), but one negative is the parking and getting in and out...it can get a little tight. Really looking for the first weekend they're open in June.
<review# 456,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/13/2013,8/19/2013,46,69,6,5,4>Hidden in a "hide your kids, hide your wife" kind of environment, a scrumptious burger awaits the brave who conquers their fear of the surrounding neighborhood.It isn't that bad. Also, there aren't any bright signs or outlandish claims on banners that advertise this place, but that's part of its humble charm. The buns are amazing and compliments the patty really well (except for one time the buns were noticeable stale). The patties themselves are big and not tightly packed which results in a moist and airy patty which drips with juice when you bite into it. Then the buns absorb the juice and brings everything full-circle.Last words: It's hard not to through around the overly used phrase, "the best," to describe the burgers here, but it's pretty darn close. My two gripes about this place is that the quality of the burgers suffers the more crowded the bar is and the quality of the buns is inconsistent. Poor guy behind the bar is both the grill master AND the bartender, so give him a break.
<review# 457,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/19/2013,8/18/2013,265,86,4,6,5>I've been passing this place for what feels like a million years, always saying "yeah, I've gotta check that out one day".  Unfortunately there isn't much happening on Grand Street outside of Taqueria, so I'm rarely hanging in the area.  Well that day finally came when my buddy Yves V INSISTED that we grab an early dinner at a place neither of us had ever been to.  Enter Abbodanza Trattoria.When we walked in I immediately felt both underdressed (I was dressed for a post-dinner workout) and impressed by the awesome decor of the place.  The overall aesthetic was very well thought out and had a more upscale vibe than I'm used to in Jersey City.  The staff was excellent and our waiter was super attentive, but I know you don't give a shit about that.  On to the food!We split a stuffed mushroom appetizer that was delicious.  It had spinach, goat cheese, and some sort of awesome sauce.  Order it.  For the entree I had the Veal Saltimbocca, my go to order at any respectable Italian restaurant, and boy this one was MONEY.  I also tried my friends beef bracciole and that was equally delicious, if not better.  For dessert he ordered some kind of ice cream ball with a chocolate outer layer.  Not anything to write home about, but it did the trick.  In the interest of full disclosure, one of the owners is a friend of my aunts (a fact that I did not disclose at any point during our visit).  That being said, I was happy to give my aunt a glowing review of the place and look forward to revisiting it with her soon.
<review# 458,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/18/2013,8/17/2013,198,103,5,10,7>3 1/2 stars? Really fellow Yelpers? I must disagree. In case you didn't realize, this pizzeria is run by the Grimaldi family of Brooklyn, the place under the Brooklyn Bridge with lines going around the block most days, you can expect to be blown away by the food and service. They are also in Hoboken under the Grimaldi family name, and have a few other pizzarias scattered about north NJ.They ONLY TAKE CASH, so hit the bank before.This pizzeria would be a gem if it was in a hot residential spot, but its in a strip mall, so one would expect it to be just passable at least, but it's oh so much more than one should suspect being sandwiched between target and TJ Maxx. The prices are fantastic,  the waiters' attention to detail and care of our needs were more complete than any establishment I've been to, these guys were on top of everything from the moment we walked in, the service alone deserves 5 stars.We had the large brick oven pizza and a side of eggplant parmesean. The crust to me is perfection,  its not that reeeeally thin NJ crust all the way through, the center of the pie is thin and crispy, but a few bites in and your slice is tender with a crisp snap, fresh naturally sweet marinara tomato sauce and fresh store made mozzarella in perfect proportions.  2 slices actually filled me up well. The eggplant was also really well prepared,  thin delicately breaded, with that same delicious fresh marinara (its a sauce thats not heavy and cooked to death), more fresh mozzarella served with two tender pizza dough breadsticks big enough to make two mini heros.The fantastic waiters then showed us the dessert menu, and I had a hunch the tartufo, spumoni and other ice cream delicacies looked familiar,  so I asked him if they came from Nasto's of Newark ( ), and my hunch was right.Despite being full, we split a tartufo, for those not in the know, its a ball of vanilla and chocolate ice cream heaven with a hazelnut and cherry center, covered in fine chocolate. Do NOT SKIP DESSERT. If you've never had Nastosicecream.com then you have to come here regularly if not for only the fantastic brick oven pizza, then just to save yourself the drive to Newark every other day because you WILL get hooked once exposed to the stuff.This place is top notch, what a treat; I am sure now that I know it's there, I may be making regular detours on the way to my mother's house.
<review# 459,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/31/2013,8/16/2013,198,106,1,5,2>Love me some Marco and Pepe!!!! Since it tends to get crowded on nights and weekends, I like to go during the week for a nice relaxing afternoon lunch, especially when I can sit outside with a book and glass of wine during the warm summer months.  Heather and the rest of the crew are always there with a friendly smile and good conversation, which always makes for a fun visit. For a while I was getting the kale salad, which I'm obsessed with. Then at the suggestion of the server, I tried the veggie burger and I was immediately hooked. I don't normally eat veggie burgers but I was on a healthier eating kick and this is just as addictive as their regular burger, which is equally fantastic.  Oh and the kale salad comes on the side, as an added bonus. They've got a nice selection of beer and wine.  I've only ever had a one cocktail here (a Manhattan) and it was pretty solid. Definitely a go-to in Downtown Jersey City.
<review# 460,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/6/2013,8/15/2013,15,88,2,4,3>Nory at Hoboken Hair has been cutting my hair for years, and no kidding, every single time it's been great.I wear my hair short (clippers on the side, scissors on top), and it's very straight, so when someone does a mediocre job it really shows.  When I first moved to Hoboken, I went through the trial-and-error process of finding someone to cut my hair (this was in the days before Yelp).  Then one time Nory cut my hair, and it turned out just right, and I've been going to her ever since.  Beyond being great at her profession, Nory is friendly and positive, very easy to talk to.  The shop itself is clean and new, they have enough stylists that the line moves quickly, they're open both Saturdays and Sundays, and for Hoboken the prices are fair.  It's also an independent, locally-owned business, not a chain, and judging by the reviews, there are a number of stylists that people rave about.  Really, what more can you ask for?
<review# 461,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/29/2013,8/14/2013,340,288,,10,5>Nice simple place. Perfect for lazy outdoor Sunday brunches or summer nights. Byob no corkage fee and affiliated with Wine and Roses (10% off for dine in customers) in the same lot. Bring the champagne for the mimosas or wine to pair with their live music Saturday nights. Other specials include ayce Thursday pasta night and ayce Friday fish and chips night.Menu consists of eggs, omelets and breakfast sandwiches for breakfast. Good strong coffee included. Lunch/dinner includes salads, homemade soups, paninis, wraps, off the grill items and pizzas.Service can be slow especially when they have ongoing catering orders. But the ambiance is laid back, the music is soothing and the gardens give off that serene atmosphere so sit back and relax. Burger King is down the street if you're looking for a quick meal.Dogs are also welcome in their outdoor dining space!
<review# 462,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/13/2013,8/13/2013,299,312,10,10,4>Chi-Town has bars.Bahston has baahs.New York bars.Jersey City has bars too....but it seems if you are a JC Cop or Fireman, you have Healy's.Nice atmosphere (if you arent a hipster or college student). Adultish Blue-collar crowd.Classy music always playing. Good place to have a drink.Bad place to get drunk.
<review# 463,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/18/2013,8/12/2013,158,211,7,10,9>This may be my favorite restaurant in Jersey City. I'm kind of upset I've been missing out this whole time. The ambiance is quiet, charming, and romantic. They've got these hanging wine bottle lanterns that I love. It's a bit of an escape from Jersey City. We started off with the assiette de pate, a small size which came with two different kinds. The darker one was a little tough to spread. The white one was softer and creamy - both fantastic and a nice light start to the meal. For our main courses, we ordered the Couscous Madame Claude - stewed chicken and lamb sausage in Moroccan spices served with couscous and vegetables. Oh my goodness! What a lovely dish. It had both an eastern and french flare, warm and delicious spices. Chicken fell right off the bone. Everything was so tasty, especially drenched in brown gravy. We also got the lamb shank, it came with cheesy potatoes and peas. The lamb was amazing, tender and tasty. The portion sizes are rather large and we both had a ton of left over to take home. Duck confit was out that night, so will definitely have to return to try that. I have a feeling I'm going to back here sooner rather than later. Dinner was filling, but of course my sweet tooth scolded me for even having the thought of neglecting it. We got une crepe sucrees - the chocolate, vanilla ice cream, and caramel one. This wonderful meal was accompanied with one of my favorite bottles of wine, which happens to be French - Louis Jadot Beaujolais-Village. BYO is a godsend! I'm a lover of everything French and Madame Claude Cafe delivers nothing less than you'd expect. It's cash only. Française occupe toujours une place dans mon cur (I think that's correct. It's been so long since I've practiced!)
<review# 464,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/16/2013,8/11/2013,63,183,2,9,6>Best Mexican food around, hands-down. There verde sauce is great, their regular red sauce is even better.  Meat is very high-quality, and grilled to perfection before going into the tortillas. The beef is amazingly seasoned and cooked, little tender chunks of beefy perfection. Prices are good, portions are big.Drinks . . .hit or miss. A bit light on the alcohol, and way sweet on the margaritas. The place is always, always, always packed. Service is friendly, but can't always keep up. Food takes a while to come out of the kitchen. It can be very hard to find a space in the parking lot. All that would be ok, but this place is also LOUD, the loudest restaurant I have ever been in. Your ears will ring for hours after. Love the food, hate the volume they play their music at. Otherwise they would be a 5 star.
<review# 465,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/29/2013,8/10/2013,256,803,,4,2>Small and modestly decorated.  There are outdoor seating too which I will try in a less humid day.Price is very reasonable. Gave you the home cooked meal flavor and experience. They don't use a lot of oil which I like.  And you can hear the kitchen staffs and hostess talking to each other the whole time... Service is good but you can tell they are still working out some kinks.Larb salad - so glad they have this dish here.  Tangy, spicy, yummy.Drunken Noodle - very good, on the sweeter side which I prefer.Chicken basil - a very home made style, not like ones we had from other Thai restaurants.BYOB and there is bottle king in front.Definitely will order from here again or come back to eat at the patio.
<review# 466,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/17/2013,8/9/2013,257,123,3,11,8>This was my first time trying Brazilian food and I had a wonderful experience. I want to especially thank Samba's wait staff for answering all my silly 'typical American white girl' questions about the ingredients and meaning of things on their menu. It's a small place but very cozy feeling and well decorated. This place is BYOB too which is always a plus.  I came here with a friend and we ordered the salgadinhos sortidos for an appetizer. They're kind of like a Brazilian version of empanadas. It's a fried potato pastry pocket with meat, chicken and cheese inside. We only had the meat and chicken because they ran out of cheese (boo) but both were very good! For our entrees, I ordered a seafood dish on the specials list (can't remember what it was called) but it was basically shrimp, mussels, clams, scallops and calamari in a green sauce made out of green peppers, cilantro and tomatoes. It came with rice and beans. It was excellent. I like that they didn't skimp out on the seafood. It had like 12 pieces of shrimp, 10 mussels, 10 clams, lots of calamari and scallops. Definitely worth $25. My friend got the picanha ao alho e oleo which was basically steak, mashed potatoes and vegetables. The portion was pretty big with 3 medium sized pieces of steak that she couldn't finish the last one. I tried the steak, it was yummy and had a nice grilled taste to it. For dessert, we were torn between the chocolate mousse and passion fruit mousse. We both love chocolate mousse but we saw all the reviews on here saying to get the passion fruit mousse. We told our waiter we couldn't choose so he helped us decide to get the passion fruit mousse. But when he came back out he brought both! The chocolate mousse was on the house courtesy of the chefs. How nice of them!!! Both were excellent but the passion fruit was something I've never had before and was truly amazing. Kind of tart in flavor, not overly sweet but sweet enough to satisfy my sweet tooth. Both were topped with whipped cream and strawberries. Ah-mazing. Would definitely come back here and I definitely recommend this place to anyone!
<review# 467,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/22/2013,8/8/2013,182,387,,3,3>First off, the decor is nice on the inside. The wait staff was amazingly polite and attentive. I shouldn't have ordered an appetizer because they gave you a lot of little hors de'vours (spelling?! I can never get it right). They had one that was amazing, a crab salad in cucumber. Some weren't great like the cornbread with blackened chicken as the cornbread was a bit dry. I also did like the mac and cheese bites. For an appetizer, I got the smoked onion and corn pudding tart with arugula salad. Delicious!For my main course, I had the portobello mushroom wellington. It was really good. The puff pastry was delicious. It's a lot heavier and more filling than you'd think! My friends had the famous chicken and waffles, which were good. My other friend had the pork which had this really delicious apricot sauce. And lastly, another friend had the special of the day: the red snapper. She raved about it.For dessert, we all split the flourless chocolate cake which was decadent and the perfect way to end the meal. It came with perfectly homemade whipped cream. Definitely will be returning! And this is a great date spot.PS They now have a wine menu though none of us got any as it was a bit pricey.
<review# 468,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/15/2013,8/7/2013,114,349,1,10,3>My team members wanted to grab lunch and discuss little bit of business.  So we opted for this new Lebanese restaurant which took over the Thai place that was there before.- there is lunch prix fixe menu in which you can choose one appetizer and one entree for $13 (not a bad deal)- the service is excellent and friendly- food quality is authentic, flavorful and right size portionsWe ordered baba ganoush, lebanse burger, grilled chicken wrap and beef wrap.  They were all very delicious and seemed like made from scratch.  Even the pita wrap were not the "frisbee" shaped thick tasteless bread.  It was fluffy, thin and well seasoned.I ate that wrap in probably 2 seconds. We all looked at each other said we should come back for dinner. Thank you for the great dining experience and we'll be back!
<review# 469,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/21/2013,8/6/2013,110,336,3,6,5>There's a reason that Pat LaFrieda is the most famous butcher on Earth.  Their meats are second to none.  I've always eaten their product at top restaurants in Manhattan, and I've never been disappointed.  I just found out that you can buy their stuff for home consumption through fresh direct.  That's a HUGE bonus.  I had the good fortune of meeting Pat himself, as well as one of his sons, at NJ Beer Co last weekend.  They were both very kind and caring people.  We feasted on marinated beef, as well as Italian sausage, and these amazing small sausage links filled with spinach and cheese.  Everything was quite delicious.  It was an honor to hang with the LaFriedas.  It would be really cool if they opened up a small onsite retail shop, either in, or near, their North Bergen processing plant.  I'm sure they would have lines around the block, as everyone who's familiar with their product, would be sure to show up.  Great food, great family, great business.  Here's to another 100 years.....
<review# 470,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/3/2013,8/4/2013,137,175,,5,4>It's a Saturday late afternoon and i tell my Wife, "Let's go out!", she says "I can really go for Peruvian", so i go to my Yelp app and check my bookmarks, sure enough, i find Costanera book marked, i remember it was referred by a co-worker. We go online and only find a really early or 9pm reservations are available, so i try my hand at giving a call and trying to squeeze my way in. Well i'm glad i did, i believe it was the owner who answered, a very nice, well spoken gentleman. He said "Steve, we can get you in 8pm", I told my wife to get dolled up and a little while later we were off. I was concerned as parking was a pain in the @ss, it took us a while to find a parking space, i thought we may miss our reservation.We finally arrive at the entrance and we can see from outside, this place is packed, UGH. We walk in, the guy from the phone (owner?) greets us, i say i have a reservation, he asks my name and guess what? i felt like i was family, he asked us to squeeze through the crowd and he had our table waiting for us. How often does that happen? NEVER!Costanera is BYO, we brought a bottle of wine which the waiter came right over, opened and poured for us.The menu is fairly simple, everything looked good. We noticed at the top right of the menu there was a app sampler which came w/ clams and oysters on 1/2 shell, 2 large cocktail shrimp, 2 mussels on 1/2 shell with that vinegary pico d gallo-ish topping (don't know what it's called) and fish (I believe fluke) ceviche, We ordered that, my wife ordered arroz chaufa pescado (seafood fried rice), i ordered rib steak w/ tacu tacu. My Wife is allergic to shrimp so she asked they "hold the shrimp" in her dish, the waiter later came out and said it's pre-prepared so they cannot hold the shrimp. On one note i felt it was nice of them to be honest and not just pick the shrimp out and give it to her. On the other hand, i was surprised it was premade. That kind of turned her off a bit as she was looking fwd to it, she opted to order another app of a few differently prepared pieces of yuca.The app sampler comes out, everything was nice and cold, the clams were good, a little gritty, the oysters, shrimp and mussels were really good, The ceviche wasn't done enough, the fish was a bit hard, i think it needed to sit longer, although it was tasty.We polished off the app, my steak came out w/ the tacu tacu rice and a fried egg on top, all perfectly and i mean perfectly cooked. My Wife's app came out, she was so unhappy, it broke my heart, i shared my steak and rice and she became happy again.We finished w/ a piece of tres leches cake, which was also delicious. The bill was reasonable, the service was great as was most of the food. If it wasn't for the hard ceviche and the issue w/ my Wife's Chaufa, 5 STARS was a no brainer. Go and give this place a try.......
<review# 471,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/20/2013,8/3/2013,149,86,10,13,12>My whole life, I've felt that something was missing from my neighborhood until I came to Enchante, a Middle Eastern restaurant. Located on the corner of Main St. and Willow St., my hubby and I parked along the latter with ease. Upon entering, we were greeted immediately and told to pick any table. Service was friendly, attentive, and thoughtful throughout our meal.The "Karnabeat" made with cauliflower, onions, and peppers in a tomato-based sauce and served with pita was a great start with fresh, clean flavors. Soon after, I became a huge fan of their "House Special" vegetarian platter. It was presented well and came with grape leaves stuffed with rice and vegetables (like Greek dolmades), tabbouleh (salad made with bulgur, mint, lemon, and other veggies), hummus, baba ganoush (mashed eggplant and chickpeas), and ful medames (fava beans with generous seasoning). The tabbouleh was the best I've ever had with just the right amount of tartness and well-balanced flavor. The hummus had great body, texture, and chickpea- and sesame-flavor while the baba ganoush had a smooth and smoky eggplant taste. Mmmmm. For my first time trying ful medames, I initially found it to be rather tart in a way that balances the whole dish. Everything in my entree was super fresh and satisfying.My hubby finished his "Shawafel" (shawarma, falafel, lettuce, tomato, and onion in a pita) when I was only halfway done with my plate, but he let me have a bite beforehand. The shawarma, sort of like gyro meat was so tasty that given the chance, I would have scarfed the rest of his entree down myself. Though their baklava stuffed with chopped pistachios needs a little work in that it was way too moist and lacked crispness and flakiness throughout, I was thoroughly impressed with everything else. Among best-of-the-bunch of other cuisines in the area, this place completes the puzzle all by itself.
<review# 472,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/24/2013,8/2/2013,171,196,17,11,8>Don't be a hater.Here's the story: there really isn't one.  Frankly, I had my hesitations.  We had limited options at 11:00 pm on a Saturday night - I had left my job a bit early, so to actually go out and dine & drink like a normal human being on a weekend is a very - very - exciting moment for me.I had some negative expectations leading up to this last-minute decision to give Pig & Prince a shot.  When I first came here, like 8-9 months ago (I think?) - they were super fresh and utterly dwindling from the hype and limelight......and in many ways, justly so.  I had stopped in for a round of beers and shots and a super-quick snack with a few pals and....yeah, not so great.  Service was very iffy, the beers were crazily priced, and our app (the octopus) was tasty yet ridiculously tiny for the $14 price tag.  Whatever - I thought - no need to jump on Yelp and bitch and whine at how crappy of an experience it was......because it wasn't -that- bad, it was just iffy.  I left that night in a quintessentially "meh" manner.  It was meh.This night was far....quite a few steps in the opposite direction, yes indeed....from leaving your's truly with any semblance of "meh".  Our little meals were perfect.  Our drinks were worth the cheddar.  Service was warm but not brown-nosey, and despite being one of maybe two cocktail / bar waitresses, she did a really fantastic job.  Chit-chatted with us briefly, left us to ourselves when appropriate, was not hasty nor pushy - perfect.Ordered the mojito-of-the-day - blueberry - and a Maker's Mark old fashioned.  Tricky, tricky drinks to execute and hit the mark, I felt a little bad, actually, considering the bar was decently slammed......oh, boy.  They were delightful, the man-piece said "wow" upon first sip, and I concurred.  His old fashioned was a 10/10.  My mojito was a 9/10, the fresh blueberries were ughhhh soooo scrumptious, holy cow, just maybe a smidge more lime juice would have killed their ripe-sweetness by a hint... but that is it, by no means was it a crappy cocktail, I sucked it down in about 5 minutes.Food.  Chilled asparagus soup with jamon iberico and creme fraische - 8/10.  Needed a wee-bit of a hit of salt in the soup itself, and that ham.....oh my goodness that ham.....was a tiny tiny itty bitty wittle slicey.......obviously being one of the most world-renowned hams, it's pricey....but Lizzy wanted more.  Very good.Baby arugula salad.  9/10.  Impeccably fresh.  Dressing was almost perfect, needed maybe the tiniest pinch of salt, but again....nothing to cry over.  I was ecstatic over the size, by the way, I was expecting a miniature little salad, and no, just enough for two of us to split perfectly.Mussels.  In tomato and fennel broth.  9.5/10.  I can't stress how good these were.  I mean......the only reason for the lack of a .5 to hit that perfect mark was one mussel was not opened fully, and that always makes me a little sad on the inside.  I love mussels, these were some of the best I have had in a long time.Risotto.  With tomatoes and sausage.  Jaw = dropped.  Excuse me, is that a little saliva that just hit my keyboard?  ....whoopsies...12/10.  This was the most delicious risotto I may have ever had in my entire life.  I kid you not.  Cooked perfectly.  Sausage melted in my mouth and me and the man-piece actually held each other and started to cry, because this risotto was a life-altering experience.  Simplicity and perfection are such deceptive little philosophical food-concepts, huh?  You must get this.  You MUST.Went outside for a cig, yeah whatever we were two cocktails each deep.  And sufficiently yet not grotesquely full.  Came back, drinks #3 (85% full, old-fashioned...mojito 70% slurped) were gone.  !!!!!!!!!!!  Panic induced, after such a freaking deliciously wonderful meal, I started to get weepy - and shakey.  My eyes weld up.We said nothing.  We were going to when she returned, obviously.....but then, like an angel falling from the sky, the manager delivers our drinks, freshies...profusely apologizes for the mix-up, bussers just cleared the table thinking we had left, please take these two new drinks with sincerest apologies yadda yadda.  And he comped the previous round.  So 3.5 drinks (or 4 for me) - got billed for 2.  That, friends...that is truly amazing service.  I couldn't be more pleased.Oh, and the bread pudding, with cinnamon-toast-crunch gelato..?  To die for.  Oh my god, you have to get this dessert.  I was floored by how good it was.I was floored by everything at P&P.  They pitched a perfect game.  Win!  Win!  Win!!This is my new favorite in town.  Will be getting much more of my business in the future.
<review# 473,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/19/2013,8/1/2013,182,207,4,8,6>This park is deceptively large. You can only really see 1/3 of the park while driving by on JFK, that area is shaded and there is enough space for lots of family BBQs and gatherings out of all those UV rays. Also on the opposite side of the boulevard are multiple tennis courtsIf you are looking to tan or want nice level ground to bike/jog, than there is a stretch of land beyond the tree ridge that suits your needs. There are entrances to that area of the park on the northern and southern sides of the park. Down there hosts a track for running, a baseball field, basketball courts and a great view of the river.I personally love biking here, level square for biking. There's a refreshing breeze and and cool things to look at along the bay (shipping ports, airplanes landing and taking off... better than being on an elliptical, haha).Very clean, usually no hood-rats, and lots of fishermen. Sign me up.
<review# 474,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/5/2013,7/31/2013,71,227,,14,5>So here's the scoop, this place is a hit. It's a must try. I normally hide favorite places from yelp, but I want this place to thrive so I can have it in my regular eating out lineup. I have too large of a list of NJ restaurants that are either garbage or were good and then fell from grace. The chef at Villa is Puerto Rican/Dominican and the sous chef is Mexican. The owner obviously cares, the bartenders know how to mix a perfectly proportioned margarita with fresh ingredients vs that garbage neon green pre-mix and the front of house rocks. The pan-Latin menu is authentic. This is coming from someone who grew up entirely in Sunset Park Brooklyn which is entirely Pan Latin American. Unlike Red Cadillac which served giant garbage can lid sized plates of  sauce covered and gloppy fake Mexican food  along with colored sugary cocktails. Villas food is real and properly proportioned. Do not leave without trying the yucca fries!  The drinks are also correctly mixed.  I really enjoyed our visit here and plan to make this a regular appearance for us. Having tried basically every Mexican joint within a 20 mile radius you will either get true authentic Mexican that serves tasty food, no alcohol (BYOB) and most likely corn flour tacos which while authentic don't taste as good as rice flour tortillas/tacos which Villa Tequila uses. That said the Cuban sandwich has real pernil in it, the Empanadas taste authentic and closer to a Mexican, Puerto Rican or Argentinian empanada vs a Columbian pastelito which in all honesty don't taste that good.  The alternative is getting giant plates of bad Tex-Mex.The short of it all is think of this place as a NJ cousin of a "Mayahuel" in Manhattan or a "La Esquina" without having to go into Manhattan.  If you havn't been to either just do a yelp search for them.
<review# 475,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/23/2013,7/30/2013,170,212,2,6,4>I went for Mother's Day brunch (buffet, the most reasonable around for ~$26 with a drink included [champagne - yeah, don't water it down! - mimosa - bloody mary].  The buffet was a pretty fair split among breakfasty/lunchy stuff: bagels/lox, frittata, sausage, bacon (looked to DIE for...and I only eat bacon when I'm drunk, which I was not at 11:30am on a Sunday), latkes, blintzes, penne vodka, veggies, some kind of meat, and a slew of desserts.  The food was pretty good, nothing out of this world, nothing bad, but since so many brunch buffets are just BAD, that elevates this one.  Lots of fresh fruit, chocolate fountain, cakes, cookies, custard.  The whipped cream was PHENOMENAL!  It was fresh, but sweet (not that unsweetened kind that is basically a lard cloud).You got to order an omelette, eggs benedict, French toast, or a waffle from the kitchen (included).  Skip the waffle, but go for the mind blowingly cinnamony vanilla-y French toast.  Add whipped cream and fruit from the dessert area.  Mmmmmm heaven.I kinda get sick of going out to Italian restaurants, because there's one every 5-7 feet in North Jersey, but I def have this place on my list to try for dinner.PS - regular brunch might be cheaper, def check...mighta been a little higher for Mom's Day.
<review# 476,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/23/2013,7/29/2013,152,161,,6,4>Hands down my favorite sandwich spot in Upper Montclair. They have great standard sandwiches and salads as well as daily specials that rotate weekly.  Breakfast is also served until 2.   The will cater any sandwich or salad to your personal tastes and even whip up something special if you don't see it on the menu. The turkey chili is spot on, with just the right amount of spice.  The grilled green beans also have a special place in my heart and stomach.  I have never had a sandwich or salad I haven't found delicious. The ingredients they use are fresh and everything is made daily or to order.  Service is friendly and welcoming. The also deliver if you are a local resident.  One drag is they are not open on Sundays but I guess everyone deserves a day off.  The price is a bit more then your average deli but you get what you pay for and this place serves up high quality grub.
<review# 477,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/3/2013,7/28/2013,81,80,7,8,8>A little bit reluctant to write the review to this restaurant,  it's not because it's not good,  on the contrary, it's too good that I want to keep it to myself, and I don't want too many people know this hidden gem.  The restaurant is small, so make sure you make reservation,  it's BYOB so don't forget to bring a bottle of white wine with you. This is not a fancy restaurant, if you want the upscale atmosphere, you might want to have a second thought . However, if you want delicious seafood with very reasonable price, then this is it. I love to come here after work, bringing a bottle of white wine, having a nice dinner,  it makes me feel life is really really good. :) Highly recommend: Clam pasta with white wine sauce. Even the portion is gigantic, I could always finish a plate all by myself. This is how good it is.
<review# 478,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/17/2013,7/27/2013,144,279,4,6,5>After stopping here several times, I'd like to offer some more insight to this place. I still think this joint is a solid 4-star sushi restaurant, but I've formed some clearer opinions.As a vegetarian, I love the sushi here. They have a nice variety of vegetable rolls that are flavorful and satisfying. The mango roll and sweet potato roll are both dynamite. The mango roll is refreshing and surprisingly crunchy. The sweet potato roll is comfortingly warm and soothing. It's sweeter than you'd expect. Damn, I DREAM about that thing.My friend, however, claims their specialty "fishy" rolls are not quite as top notch. Or, at least, she declares they are not as good as their prices imply they should be. The prices for the specialty rolls are steep, I admit... I can't personally comment on the quality. All I know is the veggie rolls are slammin' and priced normally ($4-6).One of my favorite aspects of this place (besides that damn sweet potato roll!!) are the COCKTAILS. You wouldn't expect it, but Manu's can shake up a sick drink. I give two thumbs, five stars, and a smiley-face sticker for their martinis. They use fresh fruit purees! They are all great, but the strawberry martini is my favorite. The atmosphere is trendy and perhaps even a little sexy, especially by Newark standards. Despite the fact that my friend prefers some other sushi places to get her fishy fix, we still stop here frequently for the experience (okay, and the booze).The desserts are pretty great, too. :) But like I said in my other review, be careful. It's very easy to drop way too much cash here. Appetizers, desserts, rolls, and cocktails add up very, very quickly, even if you're splitting things with a friend!
<review# 479,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/14/2013,7/26/2013,175,193,,6,4>I've been here a couple of times and each time I've had a different experience. However, I think they finally got it right on my last experience.First time around, I came in for an early Sunday dinner. Don't remember much except for the fact some drunk Red Bulls fan spilled water over my friend's burger (management did take care of us though). Second time around was for the 2012 Euro Cup finals (Spain vs. Italy). Place was mobbed. People at our table of 12 ordered some tapas when the game first  started but never got their order (For those of you who know soccer, you know a game is a minimum of 90 minutes playing plus 15 minute break interval). My last visit, however, has changed my mind about them.  For the first time, our waiter was very attentive. Our waiter constantly came over to check up on us, but didn't make us feel rushed, and really just gave us time for us to enjoy our food and conversation. To start, we ordered both white and red sangria. I didn't get a chance to taste the white sangria but the red sangria was really good (pretty strong filled with lots of fruit). The tapas were all very good (for the most part). Here's what I had:Seafood salad - very good with lots of mixed seafood (not just shrimp)Fried calamari - perfectly fried; the sauce that comes with it is amazing!Octopus salad - very good, light and refreshingChorizo a la sidra (chorizo in cider) - Pretty good although it is fatty and greasy (Hello! It's chorizo!)Garlic shrimp - Found it to be a little bland; needed more garlic Fried manchego cheese - Very good although very heavyPapas bravas (potatoes) - If you come to Catas, and must order one thing only, this is the item! Absolutely phenomenal - Super crispy and topped with a tasty spicy sauce Lobster mac and cheese - Creamy and very tasty, although not the best I've ever hadAll the tapas plates are small, and range in price from $2 to $5. For dessert, we ordered the churros with chocolate (freakin amazing!) and dulce de leche cheesecake squares (wish it wasn't as chewy; should have been more moist)Oh, and we had all the tapas mentioned above (and more that I didn't try), pitchers of sangria, and dessert for less than $45 per person (tax included). Not bad at all!If you come here, word of advice: don't bother ordering the entrees, just order a variety of tapas. Catas is worth checking out for a nice dinner. Just don't do it when there's a soccer game.
<review# 480,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/21/2013,7/25/2013,1455,389,3,5,4>Ever need a glimpse as to what is happening in Europe?  Look no further - Giovanni's has managed to find the only all European news station i've ever seen that isn't BBC.Combine that with the fact (credited to Mike B) that this place has more space on the inside than one might think...it may very well be some Dr. Who / TARDIS / Masterpiece Theater Sherlock Holmes cover.And I would be okay with that.Nonsense investigation aside, Giovanni's does craft and american beer selections quite nicely, without much of a price difference than what you would find mere feet away at ShopRite's liquor store.I've tried a few cool (and previously unknown) wines from their collection and once in a while they have bottle o' wine open for the tasting.  Last time it was something Australian, and while it didn't convince me to get a bottle, it is always fun to have a little liquor before your liquor.Bottom line - it's a small place that delivers on craft beer and cool wines that are comparable in price (in both dollars and euros).  Don't stock up for a party, but stop by on your way home / way out for a sixer or a bottle.I live close so it's convenient, because sometimes even thinking about going through ShopRite to get to their liquor selection only having to walk all the way back out (lazy / want to avoid alternate purchases, like cookies and tomatoes (worst combination ever)) is an exhausting endeavor that can be easily avoided by just going here.
<review# 481,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/7/2013,7/24/2013,474,598,4,19,8>Awesome new addition to the Hackensack restaurant landscape. We went for rodizio ($30 each) on a Saturday night (reservation was important), and were not disappointed. Complimentary bruschetta was pretty good, although unnecessary in view of the bread basket and meat orgy that was coming. We were charmed by the fact that you could select two sides, rather than the usual carb-fest that's placed on your table at a rodizio. Ultimately, we barely touched the sides.My fav was the turkey wrapped in bacon - hands down. Best I've ever had by far... and it took no small amount of discipline to say "just one" when the waiter came around a second time. My other favs were the the garlic sirloin and skirt steak, both of which were just delicious. Oh and the chicken leg - smokey and juicy. I wasn't quite as thrilled with the other meats, although they were all well-prepared and plentiful.Service was excellent. Not only was the waitstaff enthusiastic about the restaurant and completely on the ball, but the owner circulated frequently with great pride in his restaurant, making certain that everything was going well. We also overheard that he pays attention to Yelp reviews - a definite plus in my book.Tartufo was a delicious end to the meal... not that we had room for it!
<review# 482,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/8/2013,7/22/2013,194,160,4,7,5>This is by far one of my favorite Pho places in Jersey. I have to admit, when I first ate here a year ago, I thought to myself "too many Americans eating here. Servers are American as well. Not expecting too much from my bowl of pho".Boy, was I wrong. I'm not that huge of a fan with Thai food. I mainly go for the Viet food. Although they are not as authentic as other places I've been to, they do give a generous amount for your money.I almost always order "Pho Tai" (pronounced fuur thai)....a bowl of thinly sliced raw beef in soup and noodle. On my first visit, the server (American) had no idea what I was talking about. I've ordered this dish hundreds of times at other Viet restaurants in NJ and in the City. When I described what I wanted, he said they call "Lean beef noodle soup".The soup was on the light side, not overpowering. But I like that. I don't like soup that's over saturated with salt and other condiments (**cough**monosodium glutamate**cough**). Food prepped with monsodium glutamate is easily identifiable 30 minutes after you meal when you're extremely thirsty and have dry mouth.Luckily, that wasn't the case with Lemongrass.My other go to dish at other Viet restaurants are rice dishes. My favorite is the grilled pork chop with egg and other goodies over rice. Unfortunate, Lemongrass only has grilled pork chop over rice (without all the other side goodies). The grilled porkchop wasn't the greatest I've had. There just wasn't that "freshly grilled" smell to it. Lastly, I want to comment on their bubbletea. Just skip it. It's powder mix. And the tapioca is hard. Same goes for hot tea. Teabags and it's expensive!I guess this is what you get when you go to a more contemporary restaurant with nicer decor. But at least the food is pretty decent. Can't compare it to Chinatown's Baxter street Viet restaurant. But for Jersey, this is pretty good.
<review# 483,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/22/2013,7/21/2013,25,298,7,12,7>After being a loyal customer of another salon for over 15 years, I decided to venture out and find a new one. You see, I wanted something off the beaten path. Something different. Something pink.  After my emails to my now former stylist went unanswered, I headed out on a Yelp! Search and came across several salons offering the ombré effect but wasn't too impressed. Once Hilights came into my view, and viewing their pictures here on Yelp, I decided to check out their site and make that phone call.The girl who answered the phone was super sweet, warm & helpful. I decided that this was it and I was jumping ships, finally trying out a new salon. I couldn't wait and made my appointment for the very next day. My appointment was with Gina. I walked in & was immediately made to feel welcome. Gina discussed with me what I wanted done to my hair and went to grab swatches of different colors that were similar to what I wanted done.  The third one was finally the WINNER. Gina was so helpful, warm and super sweet.The process of getting my hair to where I wanted it to be began.  Everyone working asked me if I needed something to drink, eat or wanted magazines to read several times.It was during this process that I met the woman behind the voice on the phone the day before. Trish was just as friendly and warm in person. I watched as she interacted with her own customer. She was definitely an example on what a hair stylist should be.After several hours, the hair was finite and looked fabulous. I walked out feeling like a million dollars. My iPhone had died during this time and I couldn't take after pictures. Mehhhh. Gina snapped a few with her phone and I am just waiting to receive them so I can show the world the fabulousness that Gina & Hilights had done to my do.Everyone working in the salon was an example of what people want to see and work with when getting their hair did.  They were all so friendly and welcoming.  After beginning to write this review I realized that warm voice on the phone, Trish, is actually the owner of this salon. After this five-star experience, I am above pleased & a new loyal customer of theirs. I just wish I would have made the switch sooner.  Going here was the 'hilight' of my day and changed my view on salon experiences.  Bravo ladies!
<review# 484,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/23/2013,7/20/2013,55,207,2,4,2>This is a new addition to the Hoboken Food Scene. I believe they have been open for a couple of weeks now, so there are still some growing pains such as refilling water, trouble managing large crowds and service time etc so I will stay away from critiquing those aspects. The Interior is simple yet very modern and bright.With that being said, the diversity of the menu is what differentiates from the other Indian restaurants in town. The Menu consists of the traditional North Indian Entrees (The usual tikkas, masala, vindaloo etc) in addition they also have a small Chaat section (Think of it like a amuse bouche style items) (Priced at $5 each, very tasty and a great alternative to the traditional appetizers such as Samosa etc) We tried the Sev Puri - Very impressive. We also tried the Chicken Lollipops Appetizer, Which had quite a yummy sauce on it but the fact that the drumsticks weren't crispy was a bit disappointing. As far as the entrees are concerned, we stuck with the Indo-Chinese dishes this time (another variety that is a great addition to their menu). We had the Chicken Hakka Noodles (Which is a nice little thin style noodles with veggies and of course your protein) - While the dish was very tasty, at $11 and as a dinner entree - we felt that the portion was very small especially considering the fact that it's a starch. The Other entree the Cauliflower Szechuan Dry which was quite tasty and served with rice. We ended our meal with a nice Kulfi Dessert ($5) which was very refreshing and not overly sweet like some other indian desserts can be. Pretty Impressive overall if you ask me, I will definitely want to go back again and try some of the other items of their menu (Dosa on the weekends and also the traditional Naan/Curry Dishes).
<review# 485,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/12/2013,7/19/2013,165,81,4,10,7>I'll tell you exactly why they get 5 stars! 1. It's right around the block from my house and they have brunch 2. They have awesome prices3. Very friendly staff4. very generous and friendly customers at the bar5. They have Gluten Free food and beer!I've recently gone gluten free as per my dr. :( Boooooooo - I went here, and I checked out there menu - and it has everything you could possible want on the menu, but nothing was GF. I asked the bartender what could I have if I'm a gluten free vegetarian. He said the owner has celiacs disease - so basically I could order whatever I wanted on the menu, and it could be made GF. They have gf pizza, gf pasta, gf raviolis, gf beer, gf seasoned meats, gf everything!I was never so happy to order a gf dish - but I did, and it was FANTASTIC!!! :)I am so happy I asked the bartender, and he brought out the chef - and I was told whatever I wanted I could have!!! First off all the food is great, because I've always went here for brunch! So i know!Let me break it down for you - My own gf pizza loaded with veggies, mussels, clams, garlic bread - 3 gf beers, 3 regular beers, 4 gin and tonics and a handful of shots squared, because there was 2 of us. Tab was $48 - This is what I mean by the customers are friendly and generous!! Sit at the bar, and have some fun!! This is a great place and I cannot wait to go back!!Clean, airy, gardenie feel to the place. They have something on the menu for everyone
<review# 486,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/8/2013,7/18/2013,94,119,9,12,6>CHOO CHOO! Next stop: NOSTALGIA!This place is a memory maker. It's Disney land in your back yard. I've been coming here as long as I can remember.Check out their train that surveys the zoo and the Buffalo exhibit. Walk around and see all the animals. Have a pick-nick. Enjoy the park.There's always parking. It's great for kids. It's outdoorsy but not too much. There's a jungle gym for toddlers and tots in the area near the park. Sometimes they have a water feature working during the summer. (check the county offices to see if its functioning)Just be aware. Bring your own drinks as the vending machines are programmed to rob you. I like places the combine education with experiences. This place marries both effortlessly.
<review# 487,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/6/2013,7/17/2013,133,153,4,12,12>My 100th review on Yelp might be something to brag about (woohoo!) but People for Animals administer care and services to probably just as many animals on any given day!  Now that's something to be proud of!I've been here now a total of three times in the last few months.  Each time it is just lines of people dropping off or picking up their cats and dogs for spay and neuter surgeries along with dozens of people waiting for wellness services for their pets. That said, everything is SUPER organized.  You end up never waiting as long as it might first appear.  It's a well-oiled machine of basic veterinary services.  My first experience with People for Animals was last summer after having 6 feral cats from my neighborhood trapped (personally trapping them) and, working with the wonderful people at Companion Animal Trust out of Jersey City and the Petsmart Neuter Scooter, the feral cats were sent to Hillside for their surgeries and shots.  The feral cats were returned back out on the street (note: numerous attempts were made to home and adopt them but to no avail) and shortly after that two new stray kittens joined the colony.  One at a time they were trapped and I drove them out to have their surgeries and shots in Hillside.  The process is affordable, safe and a service that should really be applauded since it helps to reduce pet populations in an effective and humane way.The last feral that I brought here was two weeks ago. She ended up having an assortment of issues: bladder infection, worms and fleas.  A People for Animals vet called me and asked if I would like to approve treatment for all of the above.  Of course I did and the flea med, deworming and antibiotic came out to about $30.  If I had to try and get this feral cat fixed and treated at a regular veterinary clinic I would have been out of hundreds of dollars.  This place is a godsend to anyone out there working with feral cat populations.  It is also invaluable to those that are low income and need their dog or cat neutered and vaccinated - services that would probably be avoided if they had to pay the fees that a vet clinic would charge.I also brought my own pet cat here yesterday for her booster shot a year after her initial kitten vaccinations.  It cost me $18.  No office visit.  No service fees.  Just $18.People for Animals do NOT perform annual physicals, blood work or treatment of injuries and illnesses. That should all be done with your primary veterinarian.  However, if you need to spay, neuter, vaccinate, microchip or test your animal for basic diseases (heart worms, felv/FIV, fecal test)  then People for Animals is the way to go - especially if you're working with feral cats or just can't afford the fees that your regular vet would charge you for these basic services.  No appointment is necessary, all wellness services are done on a first come, first serve basis.  I came in with two cats yesterday and while the waiting room was packed, I was in and out in just under an hour for a visit that included a booster shot for my pet cat and a second dose of deworming and vaccines for a no-longer-so-feral-after-two-weeks-of-captivity cat.Thank you everyone at People for Animals for all that you do for New Jersey's dog and cat populations!
<review# 488,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/27/2013,7/16/2013,156,84,33,39,35>HARDCORE beer enthusiasts. This place is for you!You certainly don't come here for the decor. There's not much of an atmosphere either. But none of that matters, because you come here for the beer!!!Carefully selected by ultra-friendly and helpful owner Vito, the 20 rotating on-tap beers are often difficult to find and rare. He also carries imported bottles and cask-conditioned beer. The list of beers is updated daily at beermenus.com/places/762 and on the main copper mine pub website. There is also a newsletter you can sign up for with updates from Vito.They don't officially serve food here, but when I came last time, there was some cheese and crackers out by the non-functional commercial exhaust hood. You are welcome to bring your own food or have food delivered to the bar.As usual, I like to try as many beers as I can without getting drunk. Vito was nice enough to pour me half-servings for half-price to help me with my goal. Some of my favorites:1) Racer X by Bear Republic- OMG this is one of my favorite IPA's of all time. Perfect blend of citrus notes and hoppiness. (see photo)2)  Kasteel Winter by Brouwerij Van Honsebrouck - delicious and perfect for the winter, tasted like chestnuts roasted on an open fire (see photo)3) Santa's Little Helper 2012 by Mikkeller - dark chocolate notes stout but not too heavy (see photo)So, what are you waiting for? Check their website. They've got special tappings every few weeks. You don't want to miss them. You go!
<review# 489,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/1/2013,7/15/2013,264,337,2,3,2>After all the hype I heard about this place from my bf and his fam, I was finally "dragged" here (as in... omg omg omg I want ice cream...lets go!) and I'll gladly say this place lived up to the hype.  Had to go with my tried and true standbys... pistachio and chocolate chip mint.  A whole lot can be said about a place by how well they do those flavors.  The pistachio was easily my favorite.  It also had chunks of cashews in it.  Def surprised but it was a nice addition.  The choc chip mint was also awesome, although something about it just didn't do it for me.  The bf had peanut butter something...which was awesome too.  And I can't remember his 2nd flavor.  Regardless, I just remember thinking I could eat here every day.  The portions are HUGE for the price.  I think I paid $4 or so for a two ginormous scoops in a just as big waffle cone.  I was that little kid that couldn't keep up with the melting ice cream and was wearing most of it!
<review# 490,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/17/2013,7/14/2013,122,287,2,4,3>Simply really good coffee.   They have some fancy italian machine, and the barristas are well trained in how to make a cup of coffee the right way.  They even do that fancy coffee heart decoration in the foam I like so much. And you can drink you coffee in a nice to stay cup if you want to hang out.  I love my coffee when NOT drunk from a paper cup. This is not a fast making coffee place, even if it gets busy- its pretty much one speed any time day or night, but I'm not going to ping them for that because the coffee is worth the wait.The seating areas are ok with some couches and a long shared table perfect for sitting with your laptop and a good outdoor seating area.  Free wifi.  No plugs.   The wait staff is hipster and I love it.  Sometimes they have an acoustic musician playing, try to avoid the place then , you can hardly get in to get your coffee.
<review# 491,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/17/2013,7/13/2013,141,236,7,7,7>*3.5 but I'm rounding up for the experience.Love how fun this place is. I'm used to eating my dinners on one plate and with a fork/knife. But going here and having a thali and dosa is such a nice way to break away from the norm. I came here with a friend and I got the north Indian thali and he got the mysore masala dosa. Prior to this, we never had dosas before so he figured he'd work on his Indian and order the most difficult-to-pronounce dish. To my pleasure, he sounded hilarious. The dosa was huge, crunchy, and stuffed with potatoes, cheese and some other stuff. It was delish. Although, I did wish the dip on the side was a bit thicker. My thali was also huge. It came with like 9 different things but unfortunately, only 3 of them were good enough to finish. I ended up just taking little spoons from the rest of it. Acquired taste perhaps? Don't get me wrong though, it was still totally worth getting since it was only 10 bucks and you get a ton of food. Fortunately, it's all vegetarian so I wasn't a bloated whale afterwards.Service is a big step up from the usual Indian restaurant, everyone was polite but not overbearing. I'd totally come again because #1, dinner for 2 was around $20, and #2, if you order the right thing, it can be quite good.
<review# 492,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/27/2012,7/12/2013,189,210,4,13,8>If you are looking to support a small business, this is it.  In the tiny town of Rochelle Park you will find a great gaming lounge.  The front of the store sells video games, XBox points, etc.  As you venture towards the back, it is a video fantasy world...perfect for all gaming enthusiasts be they adult casual gamers, expert teens or little kids. *Eight huge flat screen monitors*Comfy couches and gaming chairs*The ability to try virtually every  video game out there made by XBox 360, Playstation or WII in addition to Guitar Hero, DJ Hero, Rockband.. They also  rent video gamesGamers Paradise  sponsors tournaments which they announce on their Facebook pageThey also do kid birthday parties/private parties where you can reserve the entire lounge (my now teenager had his birthday party here several years ago)   And while nearby Paramus forbids  retail stores to open after 11pm, the hip town of RP allows it so you can come by and get Call of Duty at 12:01am.  Call ahead and Gamers Paradise will reserve your hotly anticipated video game and you can pick it up at their midnight release events.  But the really big draw here is the staff. Super friendly, knowledgable and talented gamers. I have dealt with Guy and Brian many times. Last time I stopped in, there were some rather 'unruly' 10 year olds who were tackling each other a la WWE on the couches. One of the owners simply said to the kids "ok guys, he's subdued, get back to playing".  The kids immediately listened. It's nice to see owners who can relate to kids and treat them firmly but be kind too.  The adults running Gamers Paradise remember what its like to be a kid..........
<review# 493,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/15/2013,7/11/2013,34,323,,8,2>This has been a much needed and much welcomed addition to the neighborhood. It's in a good location (still part of the downtown area) and easily accessible. I had been eagerly looking forward to it since I had heard about it a few months ago and must say that I went in with high expectations. Even with that in mind, I left knowing I'll be back. The location might not be the biggest, but there are quite a few tables and all were full and turned over while we were there...definitely a good sign. The food was very good. Their menu provides a good range of options from appetizers to entrees to sandwiches so you really can't go wrong. The food was flavorful and plentiful as well as affordable. I had the beef and lamb shawerma which was very filling. Everyone at the table ordered something different and everyone agreed that it was a good pick for dinner. We started with a few appetizers which all were nice and light and refreshing. The only negative culinary experience was the Turkish coffee. It just tasted off and not quite as good as any other Turkish coffee I've ever had.As others have mentioned the service is in-consistent. Ours was quick and speedy, although with a few hiccups. Quite honestly you can see that its all because the restaurant just opened and its going through its growing pains so its nothing to be concerned with. Based on their food, this is a definite must-try for the area.
<review# 494,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/16/2013,7/10/2013,188,333,3,9,7>What a great shop!Not only is the staff an absolute delight, but the baked goods are fresh and delicious.They are super friendly and are truly excited about their product.The first time I was there, I tasted the zucchini bread, a lemon square, and a raspberry square.  All were tasty, with the highlight being the lemon square.  It was about as good a lemon square as I've sampled--the perfect combination of sweetness and tartness.On my most recent visit, I went with a banana bread.  While not on the level of a friend of mine who may make the best banana bread on the planet-it was truly solid for a local bakery product.  A perfect accompaniment to the Java Love iced coffee I was sipping on.There were so many other products from which to chose that I will certainly be back to sample more.  Such a widespread selection for such a tiny shop.In addition they offer custom pastries, cakes, etc.  I was informed that the bulk of their business is custom orders.  I'm very excited to have them make a birthday cake for my family when the next one rolls around.If you're in the neighborhood, stop on in.  You will not be disappointed!
<review# 495,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/25/2012,7/9/2013,246,385,,4,3>Oh. My. God! Everything here is amazing. Everything. That's all you need to know.But I can say more... I first sampled the ambrosia that is The Pie Store's creations at the Artoberfest Elite Event.... The pumpkin pie was not only served in a huge portion for what was meant to be a "sample," but the presentation was adorable, with a little pumpkin shaped sugar cookie served with the pie.After sampling the food at the event, I had to go to their shop to try more!  The steak and cheese pastries are fantastic!  We also got an apple berry pie... the crust was buttery and flaky and the filling was the perfect combination of tart and sweet.  They also make great soups and they have a small selection of British snacks and candies.I will be sure to stop in next time I'm in the area!
<review# 496,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/2/2013,7/8/2013,440,673,3,9,3>3.75Dim Sum served on carts on a weekday? I'm in!Came here yesterday for a little late lunch and the place was swarming with asian families. Must be good right? I concur. Service is pretty quick and straightforward. The dim sum ladies are positive and friendly and attempt to serve you regardless of language barrier. Would I say this is the best dim sum out there? No. Best in New Jersey? No. Best in North Jersey? Uh, I guess. What else is there? Dim sum was warm, tasty. Although not everything on their menu was being driven around on the carts. Would I come here again. Sure why not. Legitimate dim sum. Not the best, but it'll hit the spot.NOTE: This place serves dim sum weekdays from 11:30 - 3:00pm or so it says on their dim sum menu. I'm not too sure of their schedule during the weekends. They probably have more variety then too.
<review# 497,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/15/2013,7/7/2013,219,355,2,5,2>Great brunch!  My friend brought me here today and I'm so glad he did!  Atmosphere is friendly and super laid back ... definitely got a 'Cheers' vibe as my friend knew the majority of the crowd.  We sat at the bar.  Kelly, the bartender, was super friendly, accommodating (I got cole slaw AND fries with my burger ... thankyousomuch!) and pretty damn funny too!I got the burger with cheddar, slaw and fries .... SO GOOD!!!  The cole slaw is excellent with a lot of crunchy texture.  The burger came out on a brioche bun.  Fries were good too!  My friend had a breakfast sandwich that came out with sausage, ham, bacon ... looked delicious.  They even had grits here!Pricing looked very reasonable, especially with the $4 mimosas.  My friend had the man-mosa which added vodka to the orange juice and prosecco.  We sat inside but the outer dining area drew a good crowd too.  Perfect place to people watch and very dog friendly too.I like this place.
<review# 498,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/30/2013,7/6/2013,42,78,4,3,4>The Best!......drunk food in Jersey City.Back in the old days when I used to party hard every weekend (was it really only a year ago?)  we used to come here all the time.  It's cheap, on the way home from the PATH, and delicious, for drunk food.  On the rare occasions that you get a biscuit instead of a roll in your snack box, your heart leaps.  Sometimes I feel like the quality of Hollywood is kind of dependent on the quality of the night I just had.  If I have an off night- I'm low energy, go home kind of early, get too drunk, or am not feeling it- and I get Hollywood, somehow I always get the cold pieces of chicken and the potatoes taste gross.  I wake up the next morning and regret the greasy calorie fest I had the night before.Then why am I giving this five stars, you ask?BECAUSE: If I have a great night- one of those nights where all your friends are ON, you dance for hours, the night never seems to end (in a good way), and everyone is just in the BEST mood and living life, Hollywood is the perfect way to end it! Picture it:  you stumble off of the PATH and are walking home in your shoes that magically don't hurt, talking high-spiritedly about the night you just had, and everyone agrees all at once: It is time for Hollywood.  You pick up a two piece snack box to take to a friends' apartment (and just maybe finish that bottle of Cold Duck that's still there).  And it is glorious:  The chicken is warm, the skin crispy, you get a biscuit maybe, and the potatoes are just what your alcohol-soaked body needs.  You all enjoy your chicken while looking back on the glorious night you had, and everything is right with the world.  And the next day, you don't even feel bad about it, because you danced so much the night before.The two piece snack box is my go-to, but the Chicken Burger is just amazing.  I reserve it for only very special drunk occasions.
<review# 499,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/2/2013,7/5/2013,141,290,,8,7>As a non-steak lover, I didn't plan on eating the steak here, but man, am I glad I did! Really enjoyed my experience here - great atmosphere. The place was upbeat and not too stuffy like some steakhouses. You could go casual or dressy (it's what you make it). Great for date night or a group dinner and located right across from The Green. The food was delicious and I am not even a steak fan. The crab cake is full of lump crab meat - no fillers here. My husband loved his cowboy steak and the filet mignon was tender and juicy and just the right portion. They serve those yummy popovers and the menu has a variety of selections including fish, chicken and shellfish. They also feature a ton of apps, including a lot of tasty shellfish (crab cake, shrimp, crab cocktail, lobster!).  While we were too full to indulge in dessert, the cakes and treats we saw go by were huge. The staff was really attentive and the service was on point. Prices were a little expensive but what you'd expect from a steakhouse; I wasn't surprised. Only drawback was the sides were a little small (for just two it was fine but small for an entire table). There were so many scrumptious items on the menu, I can't wait to go back!
<review# 500,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/10/2013,7/4/2013,980,498,4,5,4>Did someone say "Like a kid in a candy store." Check that..."Like a FAT kid in a candy store."This place has everything, and are pretty willing to go out and get it for you if they do not. You don't want to just come here to grab stuff. Even if that is the purpose of your trip, give yourself some extra time. Shop around. You never know what new and different adult beverage may catch your eye.The selection is huge for all things BOOOOZE. Always well stocked. Always clean, and always priced right. TRUTH.
<review# 501,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/3/2013,7/3/2013,195,235,12,16,14>What a welcomed addition to the neighborhood!  Here's what we had:"Very Veggie Burger" - comes with lettuce, cucumbers, sweet peppers, tomato, and honey mustard. All things I would have added anyway but you can add (or remove) anything you like. The veggie burger itself is akin to a Gardenburger, which is what I like. The bun was thick, soft, and fresh. Great texture thanks to the sassy toppings...highly satisfying."The Double Bacon Jake" - 4 slices of bacon, American cheese, lettuce, pickles, and tomato. The Irishman really liked this. He said the bacon was "perfect". He's not easily wowed by burgers, but his eyebrows shot up after his first bite and he did that head-nod thing that a satisfied man does. Right on. Fries were great but the onion rings were where I fell in love. The batter was a bit thicker (almost like tempura) and I loved every blazing-hot second of it. Literally. They were blazing hot. Friendly/helpful staff, clean, and ample parking. Jim loved the oldies music. I had never heard any of those songs in my life but he knew them from his parents and he was singing along. Another sign of a satisfied man. We'll be back...oh yeah...we'll be back (is that a 50's song?)
<review# 502,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/4/2013,7/2/2013,51,126,2,7,4>My boyfriend was told by several of his co-workers to go to Arturo's.  We were really skeptical this place would live up to the hype.  So when we finally made the trip out there, we were almost deterred by the long wait.  But trust me, Arturo's is worth the wait!! We split a Margharita pizza and the special Farmhouse salad.  Absolutely delicious, we were both in heaven.  The salad was so fresh and delicious, made with locally sourced vegetables too.  I loved the pizza dough, and it was cooked just right.  I'm usually not one to rave about Italian food or pizza.  But I'm giving Arturo's 5 stars - which should say something!  They seem to be always busy, so prepare yourself.  This place is BYOB too which is awesome.  There are a couple liquor stores in the area where someone in your party can grab the hooch while you wait.
<review# 503,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/6/2013,7/1/2013,36,23,8,6,3>Ok so I was not far from this place recently while shopping at the Asian market. There were a few things that I was not able to get there so ventured back over to these guys to stock up.In a word.. WOW... FAIR WARNING...  The number of people that crowd the place on a Saturday will make you wonder if an asteroid is hurling towards the Atlantic seaboard! And don't let that placid petite looking soccer mom fool you, if you get in the way of her grabbing the last of that cheap spaghetti squash you may end up in the emergency room with a ruptured spleen so bring a mouth-guard, a fair amount of patience and watch those elbows!This place is a good sized market with TONZ of fresh and affordable produce. The local A&P Fresh in my hood charges $3.99lb for red/green bell peppers. Here, it was $1.50lb. That is a 50% savings right off the bat.Red and yellow onions were .99 cents per lb which is MUCH less expensive than I have seen locally. Less expensive than the already affordable Asian market up the street (Kan Man).Let's see if I can put this into perspective. I purchased for $40 here what would cost me more than $130 at a larger A&P Fresh or Whole Foods type of spot. Its STILL less expensive even after considering the cost of gas to travel the greater distance to get here (Which is often my argument for folks who say "Go here or there").In the back, there is also a small rack that has a bunch of sauces and dressings for people doing low glycemic diets like the HCG or if diabetic, this is worthy of note.I have been here a couple of times and can say that I have been happy with these guys and you will be too! If you are near by then check them out.Daddy Like!
<review# 504,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/23/2013,6/30/2013,134,111,5,9,6>You know you're in the right place if you're craving French cuisine and you hear two guests speaking in French as soon as you walk in.I just have to say, being on a fiscal diet isn't easy when you have an appetite for dining out like I do.  So, I was sad to hear that Latour was only offering the $20.13 prix fixe menu for lunch during Ridgewood Restaurant Week.  With our hearts set on French, we decided to stick with Latour and just not "go crazy."  Meaning, we would do the 4-course tasting menu for $39.95 per person.1st Course: Seafood Crêpe.  Easily the best seafood crêpe I've ever had.  Completely full of seafood, not heavily sauced, nothing was lost.  I could really taste the crabmeat, scallops, and shrimp.  So delicious with the light cream sauce (or "Sauce Champagne" as they describe it).  She had the Escargot a' la Bourguignonne, but I was too much of a baby to taste it :(  It's a texture thing.  But she loved it!  2nd Course: Split Pea Soup.  Hands down the BEST split pea soup I have ever had.  Complete with a potato dumpling, a chunk of ham, plus tiny pieces of ham... This soup was so so hearty and perfect.3rd Course: Pan-Seared Florida Grouper.  I know it sounds crazy, but... again, the BEST grouper I've ever tasted.  Seasoning is so important, and this filet was seasoned perfectly!  The grouper was so fresh, moist, and had a light crisp on the outside.  And I am so so happy the accoutrements weren't just your regular veggie/potato selection.  It arrived with toasted almond couscous, the vegetable du jour, and a mango coulis.  I'm nervous sometimes mixing "sweet" with my savory part of my meal, but the mango coulis wasn't overwhelming.  I actually could not even tell it was mango at all; it provided just the perfect amount of sweet that balanced the rest of the dish.  And I LOVED the vegetable du jour - julienned sweet peppers and squash, I believe.  Sooo so good.  And can't forget the toasted almond couscous.  Don't know what to say about it, but I know the dish would have been lacking if it weren't there.  She had the Medallion of Beef Au Poivre which I got to taste and it was soo so good - cooked to a perfect medium with a tender pink center, and a crisp that only existed on the exterior of the medallion.4th Course: Profiteroles & Ice Cream w/Warm Chocolate Sauce.  Again, sorry, but easily the best profiteroles with ice cream I've ever had.  Why?  Because everywhere I've ordered this before, the profiteroles have been previously sliced in half with ice cream scooped to the center and frozen or just too hard... only to be thawed prior to serving.  The actual profiterole still held it's cream puff texture.  The ice cream was freshly scooped, not too hard, and the chocolate sauce is accurately described as "warm" because it's freshly drizzled before serving.  The chocolate didn't harden until I was almost finished my dessert.  I was too focused on my profiteroles to care for the Crème Brûlée she ordered, but she loved it haha.Last, but not least, I have to point out that 1) we licked ALL our plates clean, and 2) all food was at the perfect temperature - HOT to eat, but not hot enough to burn.  And the dessert, well, I just described the temperature above.  I know for me, I receive food at a great temperature all the time when it's first served, but a few minutes into the dish, it's already feeling cold and not tasting as good.  This was definitely not the case at Latour.The best part for me was when we just finished dessert, and Chef-Owner Michael Latour comes to greet our table, shakes our hands, and asks about our meal.  WARM HOSPITALITY.  Yes!!!  This is what I look for during all my restaurant visits, but rarely ever get it!A perfect meal is supposed to leave you full & satisfied, but still salivating for more.  Believe me when I say I want more.  Thank you, Latour for a perfect meal!  I can't wait to try more of your menu.
<review# 505,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/1/2013,6/29/2013,41,61,4,15,7>If you are looking for ACTUAL results, look no further.  I've been Crossfitting for about two years, and it has been the greatest thing I could have EVER done for my health, mind, and body.  Crossfit is a high intensity workout that focuses on everyday functional movements. Crossfit gets you strong and fit so carrying everything from groceries to a fire hose becomes easier...the workouts are designed to get you fit and strong fast! CFJC is a wonderful place! The programming is very well rounded. It's comprised of gymnastic movements, Olympic lifting (I love being able to lift really heavy s**t from the ground to over my head), and metabolic conditioning (anaerobic activity). The coaches and owners are AMAZING! ALL of the members are there to support the community, get strong, and have FUN! Aside from popular belief, you don't have to 'already be in shape' to begin Crossfit, you just need to be motivated to improve your health and fitness! Go drink the Kool-Aid and try out a free class! You'll see for yourself!
<review# 506,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/16/2013,6/28/2013,179,340,4,4,2>Atmosphere: Tiny. There are separate lines for eating in and taking out. You gotta let the people know. Also, it's really crowded around peak lunch and dinner hours.Food: If their rice were a person, I would wine and dine it and call it back the next day. I'm usually here with a group of people so we always get the 1/2 rib 1/2 chicken combo. They serve it to you on a HEAP of rice and french fries. To be honest, the portions are large, but the meat substance in general could probably feed about two or three hungry people total. The chicken is perfectly cooked (tender and moist), and the ribs are flavorful without any sauce. The meats are just all around delicious. The rice, I assume, is cooked with a ton of butter and oil and whatever goodness that makes it one of my favorite rices in the world (and this is coming from someone who grew up eating rice). The fries are also freshly cooked and crispy. Overall, just yum. $13 is not a bad deal for this, considering how filling the food is.Service: Friendly, whether it be waiter service or take-out. I do admit that during peak hours waiter service can be a little slow since they only have two or three people working the tables.This is my BBQ go-to place, for sure.
<review# 507,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/7/2013,6/27/2013,8,57,3,7,6>Tried Fink's BBQ this Sat night for the first time. The place was jumping with foodies with a wait to get in; we had reservations which are highly recommended on the weekends. We found seats at the bar, had a beer and, within minutes, our table was ready! Looking at the crowd, I never suspected to be seated so quickly. Wife had a salad appetizer, creamed corn and BBQ shrimp for me which was awesome! My entre' was the BBQ Sampler, her's were the ribs. My sampler was sort of like a mixed grille. Although tasty, it was somewhat dry. Her ribs were over the top with flavor; the smoky aroma came through strongly and the taste was wonderful. BBQ sauce was not needed here as the ribs were perfectly seasoned. Pros:- Warmly greeted at the door.- Quick and friendly bar service.- Our Server was efficient, friendly, and checked in with us often.- Our food was served quickly as well as our drink refills.- Tables were spaced apart with no crowding issues despite the capacity crowd.- Reasonably priced food.Cons:None. We will be back to Fink's!
<review# 508,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/11/2013,6/26/2013,103,110,5,6,5>I've lived in Hoboken for a year and a month now. I'm completely aware that the fact that TODAY is the first time I've been to Fiore's is an absolute crime, so shut it. I've heard so many things about their roast beef and mutz sandwich that I actually blocked off time to go get this thing. To preface, I'm not a huge roast beef fan; when faced with a police lineup of cold cuts, I'm least likely to single out the roast beef. Fresh mozzarella on the other hand; it doesn't get any better. So when you put the two together, I figure it has to be at least a decent sandwich. Mother of God, decent doesn't even begin to describe it. The combination of beef and mutz works perfectly, and the sauce they slather it in (I asked for it light to be safe) brings out a great flavor. They use thick, house-made mutz and thinly shaved roast beef (not thick slabs). The bread they put mine on was good, but I had no idea you could also pick your own bread when you walked in the door. Pro-tip: PICK YOUR OWN BREAD WHEN YOU WALK IN THE DOOR. Some of those rolls looks amazing. The deli itself is tiny, so expect to wait in line for a while. Unlike Carlo's Bakery, there is some gooooood stuff at the end of this line. Pricewise, well, I ended up getting a whole sub, which clocks out around 16 inches, for $12 (on special). One half will leave you satisfied for one meal, so it's actually a very good deal if you ask me. The only issue: the hours are awful for someone who works in NYC and can't enjoy this Fiore glory 7 days a week.
<review# 509,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/9/2013,6/25/2013,182,493,12,11,9>Kinda drunk. I need some food to sober myself up from a happy hour of drinking at The Station. Oh my. Loaded? What's that. Whatever, I'll walk in anyway. BBQ? Burgers? Drunk jackpot.Once I sat down at Loaded, I realized I was in good hands. I didn't even know what I wanted, but the chef Jacob informed me that BBQ Bacon & Pork Belly Loaded Waffle ($4.50)  was what I wanted. He wasn't wrong about that. Mac & Cheese ($3.00) on the side? Yes sir. 10 minutes later, I had a little slice of heaven sitting in front of me while I drizzled a little maple syrup all over that thang.About 7 bites later, I demolished my food. After talking with the guys behind the counter about some 'small world' type connections, I was lucky enough to give the BBQ sauce a try off a spoon then a quick shot of the pulled pork. Hubba hubba. Gimme gimme. These guys know how to make you come back."Oh you think that's good? Try this shit. Oh yeah, you like that right? Come back soon and have a loaded waffle of it"  (Even though these guys didn't exactly say that quote, it's what was going through my head while eating the pulled pork.)Literally going to spread the word of this spot, because they're doing it right. Very genuine people working that want to just hit the "damn that shit is good" taste buds of their customers. Mine are still tingling and at only $7.50. Perfection.
<review# 510,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/15/2013,6/24/2013,14,492,4,9,4>Orale is a happening place.  You'll see hipsters smoking cigarettes in front of the hitherto hipster-free block of Grove Street.  Orale takes up the entire space of the former fabric store, a very large area with high ceilings.  Beyond the initial waiting area there is a bar with tons of drinks with probably too many types of tequilas.  The main eating area stretches to the back where a juice stand operates.  Seating is tight, as there is the dreaded "family style" tables straight down the middle flanked by regular seated tables.  Hidden from view is a classier eating area with white table clothes, no family style tables and away from the excitement.Orale seemed to become popular from day one.  The bar seats were coveted at 7:30 as we waited for two seats for about thirty minutes.  Drinks are not cheap and, frankly, a bit grandiose for a tequila-centric menu .  $10 for a highball glass reminds me of the Hyatt at the eastern side of Montgomery.  Definitely good drinks with interesting offerings, but expensive. Food is expensive, but of very good quality.  It is clearly evident a lot of thought was put into the food, but don't worry because you will be reminded on the menu that they put in a lot of thought.  The buzz words 'local' and 'sustainable' resonate with most people these days, but annoy me.  I came to eat: feed me.  Portions are small and I recommend ordering a number of delicious offerings to share with your company.Wait service was attentive - new places tend to be - and very prepared, often the latter being executed poorly due to the virtues of being new.  Everything worked out.Charming inside, for sure, with just the right amount of Mexican-ness that an urban young professional would expect to see.  Tons of tequila, but Man needs only two or three brands.  Tequila is not scotch and doubtful anyone among the hundred dining asked for a anejo served neat.  It's a happening place.
<review# 511,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/4/2013,6/23/2013,280,185,6,8,6>I'm going to resist the pho puns and just get down to the nitty gritty: this place has great pho and of what we tried from their other dishes, great Vietnamese food in general!We started with the summer rolls, which came out quickly and were hearty, fresh and delicious. Next came the crispy vegetable crepe - deep fried and filled with tofu, mung bean sprouts and spices. Our server asked if we had eaten it before (we hadn't) so he instructed us to cut the crepe into smaller pieces, wrap them in the lettuce leaves (provided on another plate along with a ramekin of dipping sauce) then dip them and nom away. It was phenomenal. I'm pretty sure the dipping sauce was fish sauce, which I love. Just thinking about it now is making me hungry.Next was the entree round. I ordered the rare beef pho and my husband got the shrimp. He ordered the larger size and it was ginormous. My appetite is a little more easily satiated than his, so the regular size was more than enough for me. We both loaded our pho with Sriracha and hoisin sauce and went to town. Both were piping hot, fresh, delicious and served with plenty of sprouts, fresh herbs, greens and lime. Absolute perfection on a cold spring night.The restaurant itself is a bit of a hole in the wall. It's in a little Asian strip mall and the address actually includes "1/2" at the end, which I always find entertaining. Not to mention, there's actually a hole in the floor. Looks like a chair leg fell through or something. Regardless, awesome place, great service, delicious food. I love me my pho and have tried it in at least 5 different cities (Canadian and American). This place is up there in my rankings!
<review# 512,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/7/2013,6/22/2013,1252,1131,5,12,8>*Cake Tasting*Of all the spots my fiance and I went to cake taste, this place really went above and beyond. - They brought us coffee and water (no other bakery or location even offered anything). - Over 20 different combo's sampled (be prepared to be stuffed).  *Each one was better than the other. Cake was fresh and moist. Fillings were really         hard to choose because everything was so delicious! - Overly accommodating with the style/flavors/extras(at no additional cost). - Even though it was a preferred vendor they treated us like we were family.  - Very modern styles and flavors. More to come once the actual cake is completed. :-)Did not purchase or try anything in the actual bakery next door. From what we did sample (cakes) well worth a visit back even though it's not close to home. ENJOY!
<review# 513,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/6/2013,6/21/2013,63,154,5,9,7>Went here for Sunday brunch and all I have to say is this little place packs a big punch.  Peach banana strawberry smoothie - delicious.  Spinach and feta omelette - unique dish.  It was almost like a thin egg wrap with fresh spinach and feta stuffed inside.  Home fries - crispy and tasty, not boring like most home fries you get.  Belgian waffle - delicious and the staff graciously worked around my girlfriend's fruit allergy.  Bacon - OHMYGOD.  This is where to come for some semi-thick-cut bacon.  Plum butter for the toast - a nice fresh surprise.  Place is very casual.  It's a classes up old style diner with bar stools and 7 or 8 booths.  Service was very attentive and not over-bearing at all.  Overall a great experience.  We are glad we decided to take a chance on this place and will definitely be back.
<review# 514,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/19/2013,6/20/2013,475,804,13,7,8>Barge Inn is A-W-E-S-O-M-EA is for All you can eat past on Thursday.W is for Wine in included (one glass).E is for Enormous portions, and there's more if you want it.S is for Service, it's amazingly friendly and welcoming.O is for Oh my god, did I really eat all that?M is for My pants don't fit after this meal.E is for Expect to see me here again.Great dinner here with Yelp fam, can't wait to come back and try some of the seafood specials on the regular menu.  On Thursdays is all you can eat pasta night which includes a glass of wine (Merlot and a white option), bread, pasta (linguine, rigatoni, or penne) and a marinara sauce with meat for...... $7.95!  Vegetarians fear not, because they'll fix you up with meatless marinara sauce as long as you let them know when you are ordering.  The meatballs are not included in the special, but I would suggest ordering them as everyone in my group went ape over them.  Service here was also amazing, the chef was awesome, and the ladies taking care of our table made me feel at home.  This is a walk-in  spot, but do call ahead if you're rolling up with a large group so they know you're coming.  Thanks Maureen for taking care of us and thanks to the Yelp familia who came out to make this an awesome UYE and meal!
<review# 515,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/3/2013,6/19/2013,216,199,3,8,4>Hands Down, The BEST Chinese Food In Downtown Newark & The University Hts. Area!  Panda Chinese Restaurant Never Disappoints! Here's Why;1:Cheap - you can get A LOT of food for an unbeatable price. I often end up eating leftovers from here for a couple of days. You won't hear complaining from me when you can get a qt. of Beef with Broccoli for $8.90 and 8 steamed dumplings for $5.252: Healthy options available 3:Delivery- Panda not only delivers but they do so in a timely manner (typically anywhere from 20-40 minutes depending on one's location). Plus they provide you with the standard paper plates, napkins and silverware4:Nummy Nom Nom Good - the food is DELICIOUS! Yes, the food isn't traditional (Americanized - a bit saltier & greasy than necessary) but my taste buds could really care less! My favorite items on the menu are the Boneless Spare Ribs with Honey Sauce and the Beef Lo Mein. I'm a sucker for thick noodles when it comes to Lo Mein5:Friendly StaffI've had better traditional & American style Chinese food in my lifetime , however this is by far the best Chinese food within Downtown Newark & the University Hts. Area. Note: This review is based on delivery & takeout. I have not eaten at the restaurant.
<review# 516,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/25/2013,6/18/2013,236,245,4,10,10>Those who are devotees of my Yelp know that I am wary of establishments that are cleaned-up, Americanized, and stripped down shadows of their former ethnic authenticity. Think Olive Garden, PF Changs, or any number of "sushi-Thai" places that dot the heartland and highways of this great country. Any place where you can get no-spice red curry and a California roll on the side worries me enough to avoid patronage.My Yelp followers will also recall that when it comes to Indian food, I live near the mecca that is Newark Avenue in JC, and I am not afraid to venture into the belly of the beast and savor a dosa at Dosa Hut or an idli at Sapthagiri. Or get any number of curries or biriyanis at the many North Indian eateries on that dusty, colorful road. So I was not sure what to expect from Greene Chutney Grill, a yuppie-friendly joint in the heart of the waterfront financial district. There's a colorful selection of veggies, beans and other legumes, and sauces. You pick your starch (rice, quinoa, wrap) and your meat (if desired), and they package it up for you in a biodegradable wrapper or bowl. I got the chaat salad (awesome crisps, all kinds of veggies, chickpeas, potatoes, in a spicy tamarind and yogurt dressing) and  Bald One got a masala chicken and veggie rice bowl. We felt full afterwards, with none of the guilty bloat or grease that comes with eating down the road in India Square. Success!If I had to describe it simply, I would say that the flavor in the sauces was authentic (at least to me) but it felt about 5 times lighter and packed with awesome FRESH vegetables. No saag (spinach) that's been cooked down to smithereens or cauliflower that falls apart when it hits your fork.  May not appeal to those looking for the belly busting variety you can get on Newark Ave, but to satisfy a fresh, healthy Indian craving, this is your spot.
<review# 517,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/25/2013,6/17/2013,350,236,3,7,3>I don't want to say I have a Love/Hate relationship with this place because "hate" is such a strong word.  In fact, I really do love most things about it, depending on the night...Same goes with my star rating.  Confused?  Here's the deal:DECOR, LOCATION & AMBIANCE:  5 STARS ALL DAY, EVERYDAY!  It really gets no better.  All the class and swankiness of a chic Manhattan restaurant, but on this side of the tunnel which means no $13 toll and no traffic and parking issues to deal with.  Plus, in Manhattan, you can't have the incredible view of the entire city!  Located directly on the waterfront in West New York/Edgewater, the view from both the outside patio along the boardwalk (where you are sure to take a romantic stroll afterward) and from inside the rear section of the restaurant (with their well dressed floor to ceiling windows) is breathtaking and provides and incredible backdrop for special occasions, romantic dinners and fun nights out!  The "fun nights out" is where it all goes downhill...FOOD, SERVICE & OVERALL EXPERIENCE:4 stars on a quiet weeknight vs 2 stars on any given weekend night as of the past year or two.  Sad face :(  It's like a birthday factory.  Tables of 10+ people everywhere - and you can often find me at one of them amongst a group.  The DJ and live band are the draw so it turns into a party late night.  Everyone doing shots in between doing a little salsa here and there.  It would be all well and great if this were happening around the large circular bar, but instead, the set up of the restaurant only allows for the entertainment in the rear dining room with the most amount of seating and the better view which I described above.  They rope off an area to keep anyone feeling the rhythm at bay while others are eating nearby, but heaven forbid you need to tinkle after several mojitos during dinner and you will need to squeeze your way through all the too-close-together tables as well as the party revelers to get there as it is closer to the main entrance.So I highly recommend the food on a week night as well as any notion of wanting to be romantic with your significant other and/or wanting to indulge in meaningful conversation at your table without shouting.  As for the weekends, anyone who is dining with a group is forced to order from a prix fixe menu which can be tasty but is quite limiting compared to the otherwise lengthy menu full of flavorful Cuban dishes.  Same applies to groups on weekdays but they get to pay $50 Mon thru Thurs vs $65 on weekends.  And yes, those prices are before tax & gratuity and applies to the cash bar option only, which will certainly add up (think $120+ per person after 2 or 3 drinks).  They do offer an option for limited bar or open bar, up to 2 hrs to be included as well, but your entire table will need to be on board with this option.  Regardless of what you choose, you are all resigned to the same 5 family style apps, choice of 1 entree out of 5 or 6 standard choices and 1 dessert from 2 options.  It's not that your Churrasco or Pernil is going to be any different, but if you wanted to try something more unique you will have to do so with fewer friends.  High-note here is that they custom print your menu for you with the designated honoree's name and the occasion on the cover along with a gorgeous vintage Cuban postcard print - love this special touch!Drinks are excellent and reasonably priced, but they are so good that they will add up to way more than you spend on the very reasonably priced food and they know this!!  I think that's why the grand circular bar and nearby banquettes are so enticing.  This venue would be SO ideal for a private party where you can rent the entire restaurant out and just come dance the night away surrounded by all your own friends instead of everyone else's groups of friends.
<review# 518,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/22/2013,6/16/2013,137,143,4,6,6>The Monks is a welcoming new addition to the increasing North NJ craft beer scene, they've been open for a little under a year but have gained quite a following by newbies and beer enthusiasts alike.The owners took over a drab old dive bar that had been around for years and transformed into a craft beer Mecca of sorts. I enjoy the bar a lot, from the non pretentiousness to the amount of knowledge the bar staff tends to have.Brian the owner is a pretty cool sociable guy who enjoys chatting with the many patrons from the new guys to the regulars. The bar has a great neighborhood vibe to it and a very solid selection of 12 craft beers that are always on constant rotation.They do carry bottles of bud, corona and what not for those not ready to dive into more adventurous grounds. The bar tenders do try to encourage those to give unfamiliar beers a try with open minds.One of the great things about their selection is how balanced the offerings are, they have a little of everything for all tastes... From your wheat ales, to lagers, porters, stouts, Belgians, IPAs, brown ales. This is quite nice as I've Ben to plenty of craft bars that focus primarily one r two styles. Sometimes they are way to IPA centric and tat can turn plenty of ppl off ESP if they are new to craft beer as some of these styles can be quite overwhelming to a pallet new to craft beer. The bar also has a variety of weekly events, from open mic nights to karaoke to those into that kinda thing. It's always a fun night whatever night u go.They also have a very small kitchen and offer a variety of bar bites from sliders to onion rings. Pretty good for bar food. Overall this is a great bar and one that I frequent often. If you enjoy great beer, a cool crowd, knowledgable bar tenders this is your place.
<review# 519,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/25/2013,6/15/2013,205,249,,8,3>Love this place! There is a small parking lot in front but it gets filled up fast. If it does, there is a large municipal lot right across the street where parking for 2 hours is only $1.James K., 2 friends and I came here on a Saturday night and there was only about a 10-15 minute wait. While waiting, a waiter gives us a menu and asks for our order ahead of time to help us get our food faster. The menu here is very small, just a page and I love that! Usually when a place has a small menu, I think that they really know how to make each dish very well. This place specializes in different types of tofu soups/stews. You can get seafood, oyster, clam, beef, etc tofu soups and the only other thing on the menu is Korean bbq ribs or Kalbi. I ordered a seafood tofu soup, since it included oyster and clam in there and we got two orders of Kalbi for the table. You can order the soups not spicy, not too spicy, medium hot and very hot. I ordered mine not too spicy and it was way too mild and I don't usually handle hot very well. Next time, I will try medium hot. The soup was delicious but most memorable was the Kalbi. It was by far the best Kalbi I have ever had! The side dishes were good and you can ask for more if you finish them. One thing to note is that with the side dishes, they will bring out a small bowl of eggs. Do not break open the eggs as they are not a side dish! They are raw and not cooked. They are meant for when the soups come, you crack them open into the hot soup and it cooks in the soup. They bring out a giant bowl of rice for everyone and after serving everyone rice, the waiter dumps a pitcher of cool tea in the bowl and let it sit with rice scraps left in the bowl.  I thought that was strange but after finishing my bowl of rice, eating the rice with tea was very refreshing. I also really like the ice water they serve here. They mix a little bit of the sesame tea in the water so it is very refreshing. This place is usually pretty crowded so it's not a good place to linger and talk to your friends after a meal, as they usually want your table for other customers waiting. One last thing to note is that this place does not serve alcohol.
<review# 520,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/27/2013,6/14/2013,301,317,5,8,6>I love it! More spanish restaurants coming on to the island! This restaurant you cant see unless you know exactly where it is cause its all the way in the back of a plaza and theres no huge sign in front of the plaza to know its there its a small one. Its right by the boyfriends house too, WEPA : )Music is loud and you can hear it from the outside and they have nice bright colors and lights and I love that the PR flag is everywhere! I love my country! Pretty big and nice decor just like the country.Spanish food is so delicious and so many great flavors I love it. They had some great food choices on the menu and offered lots of different drinks and appetizers. Theres a bar when you first walk in too and the hostess and servers are really nice too.We started off with the fried chicken with the sweet plantains and a good mustard ketchup sauce, the pieces were big and they tasted great!I ordered the Salmon La Voe which was grilled salmon with a mango sauce which yellow rice and beans and some salad! DELISH! I loved it and my gf had camarones con ajillo which is shrimp with garlic sauce with rice and beans which was really good and the shrimps were big too. White sangria by the pitcher was good.Loud spanish music playing inside. Nice crowd and busy. I will def. be back and this place and I know the bf will be pulling my arm dragging me here cause nothing more he loves than a nice big plate of chicharron, glass of sangria and arroz! Viva Puerto Rico!They also offer tapas and drink specials til 1am at the bar.
<review# 521,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/3/2013,6/13/2013,143,388,3,11,8>My new favorite place!!!!  Please, go visit this store - you will not regret it!  Unless you spend a lot of money, then maybe you will, but once you get home and start eating what you bought you definitely will not regret it!My girlfriend came here recently and told me about it immediately.  I came with her not even 5 days later.  I plan to return shortly with my fiance in tow because I know he will be in heaven as well.  They have bread around the store so you can try all the olive oils and balsamic vinegars that your heart desires.  They are all so flavorful and fantastic!  I ended up purchasing the white truffle and the laconiko garlic olive oils, the fig balsamic vinegar, and truffle infused taglioni pasta!  You can see all the specks of truffle and I cannot wait to make it and toss it with my new white truffle olive oil and some grated cheese.   They even have flavored salts!! I tried the chipotle and it was delicious. My girlfriend purchased their sundried tomato, parmesan and garlic olive oil.  You can taste each of the flavors and I think I have to go back to purchase it as well.  It is like nothing I've had before.This store is really beautiful and they have so many great and nifty products.  All of the wood in the store is from olive trees and it is so unique.  The staff is extremely inviting, friendly, and helpful.
<review# 522,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/21/2013,6/12/2013,48,78,2,7,6>3.5 stars but rounded up for great service!We had the Canadian Bacon slices, Crab cakes, porterhouse for 4, and some sides (cream of spinach, potatoes and asparagus).We were a party of 4 with a baby and they were extremely accommodating.  The owner was very friendly and very gracious.  They even took my wife's portion of the porterhouse back and reheated it as they noticed that she was pregnant at the time and since the table ordered medium rare.  I just love good service!As for the steak - It was good.  They did everything right.  Steak came out in a super hot plate and it will still cook even after it comes to your table.  Very nice texture and flavor.I don't remember the appetizers and the sides being too memorable.Definitely come here for the porterhouse and to be treated well.
<review# 523,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/30/2013,6/10/2013,139,1138,7,17,8>The set up is takeout only but I read via twitter they will be getting some outside sidewalk seating soon. The interior wood lined walls makes you wish they had inside seating space as its rustic sexiness makes you wanna stay to enjoy your cup of Kobricks coffee. They have a nice spread of baked goods outsourced from local bakeries. I even spotted a bacon-cookie concoction. YumZ. Big time bonus for carrying Red Jacket juices. The gents working on the Saturday morning I strutted in were efficient and friendly. Also, very easy on the eyes. They take cards (there is a god!) and don't forget to leave a buck for them in the tip jar.Totally out of my way on my commute to work (I work in between 2nd and 3rd on Washington) but if weather permits, I'll be getting off bus 89 11 blocks early and enjoying my americano on a leisurely stroll down Bloomfield to work more often. Welcome to the neighborhood Red Lion. Raaawwrrrr.
<review# 524,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/9/2013,6/9/2013,71,105,4,5,5>I went to Vonda's Kitchen after a meeting in Newark and totally fell in love with this gem. The food was so good that I ordered a dish for carryout so that my husband could taste the food, because I didn't think he'd believe me that it was THAT good! He enjoyed it tremendously!Flash forward to two weeks ago...I went back with my husband and friends so that they would indulge in the goodness...Vonda's Kitchen did not disappoint!The majority of us got the fried whiting with different sides - collard greens, mac and cheese, and candied yams. I had the fish with candied yams and collard greens. Absolutely perfect! The fish was cooked to perfection and the candied yams and collard greens were on point! Let me not forget the cornbread, it was so good!  There are also a variety of salads, burgers, and breakfast items to choose from.  The décor is very nice and there is a glass window by the kitchen so that you can see Vonda and her team in action. Come for breakfast, brunch, lunch, or dinner - you will be glad you did!This is one of my favorite places and I'm sure I will become a regular!!
<review# 525,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/19/2013,6/8/2013,106,161,3,7,4>This place makes me feel like I've stepped into an Alice & Wonderland set.  Everything is black and white check and whimsical.  It's about 5 years old and was previously the Triboro Diner for many many years.With it's new "look" and feel the place has taken off.  They have more than the usual breakfast fare.. you can get an eggs benedict and french toast stuffed with Blueberries and strawberries are both awesome.Also try the Muscle Maker Omelete with grilled chicken, broc and spinach / salad on the side   It's great for small groups but I wouldn't go here with a large group.  The turnover is too great and they are looking for you to move out before you're ready.  I don't like going anywhere where I get pushed out and when church gets out or busy nights you do feel pushed at times.Parking also runs out quickly but there are adjacent lots that don't hassle you much.Chit Chat cards are on each table to induce conversation -- and they work!oh and the bathrooms were clean!
<review# 526,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/10/2012,6/7/2013,4937,521,2,5,4>Went to try an upscale Indian in Morristown, NJ. with the family.  I'm in love.  Everything we ate was awesome.  The ambiance and the service were oustanding.  Started with the squid chaat.  I had never had squid in an Indian restaurant and it was an incredible burst of flavors and spices.  A new favorite dish!  I had the Gosht Pistwala (pan roasted lamb in pistachio gravy).  The sauce was womderful and the lamb was tender and not chewy.  While the spice level could have been hotter I understand when you are new to an indian restaurant they temper the heat but not next time.  Other dishes ordered Murgh kadi, Jigha Masala, Goan shrimp curry, and the paneer makhani were all excellent.  The saffron rice was light and delciious and great for mopping up the sauce as was the Onion Kulcha and the Tandoori roti we ordered.  I will become a regular here.  Also they have a liquor license and had fantastic cocktails.  They validate parking for Headquarters Plaza parking as well.  Can't wait to go back!
<review# 527,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/23/2013,6/6/2013,309,472,6,12,8>I'm not a die hard fan of buffets, so when I do check out one I really don't have high hopes of the selection. However, the selection here at Flaming Grill is quite good given the modest pricing which is $8 for lunch up to 3:30pm and $11 for dinner per person thereafter. There's a lot of seating and the lines get quite long on the weekends, but they have a smooth system of seating by handing out numbers to the mouth watering customers.The first thing that you see when you come in is the sushi roll bar. This has at least 16 varieties of sushi rolls, ranging from the basic california rolls to mackerel, salmon and yellowtail tuna. The sushi tasted ok, nothing out of the ballpark and the rice used was somewhat dry. But you have to realize you're at an $11 dinner buffet, not an expensive Japanese restaurant.Some of the things I came across here during dinner and ate plenty of were prime rib, bbq chicken, roasted duck, baked scallops, creamed crab meat, fried dumplings, mussels, sautéed oysters, crawfish (never saw this before at a buffet), salt and pepper shrimp, cocktail shrimp, oysters on the half shell, steamed crab. Yes, I ate all this for the price of $11.There were at least 25+ other items that I didn't get to try like the chinese based dishes such as lo mein, sweet and sour chicken, coconut shrimp, egg rolls, and on and on and on. There is even a hibachi station on the far left side of the restaurant. Oh my!Cons are there are no snow crab legs in the food showcase or soft serve ice cream for dessert. They do have 3 flavors of ice cream cups and Hershey's Fudge-O bars, as well as ice cream sandwiches for the frozen treats. The healthier option is to eat Jello or seasonal fruit like melon, pineapple, orange, kiwi, etc.
<review# 528,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/8/2013,6/5/2013,248,246,4,5,5>I know I'm late in saying this, but Trolley Car is an awesome addition to the Jersey City Heights! It's in a central location on Palisade Avenue, and the interior is clean and well decorated. I especially like that they participate in the arts community by displaying the work of local artists. I was happy to see an excellent drink selection with awesome craft beer offerings, including New Jersey brewery River Horse and Brooklyn's Sixpoint. The TVs are well placed and big, meaning this place is a great bar for watching sports. The bartender was very friendly and prompt, and I really felt like I was part of the neighborhood when I was drinking here on a Sunday afternoon. My only complaint is that the food menu has nothing remotely vegetarian/vegan. Come on, get on that! Otherwise, I'd probably come to eat here a few times/month. I can even come by to offer some food suggestions!
<review# 529,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/25/2013,6/4/2013,456,539,11,21,15>Last year, a friend who moved to NYC for summer asked me about places to visit in Staten Island. I listed the usual, the Ferry, Verrazano, Ft. Wardsworth and South Beach... But one place, I said, you absolutely MUST see. A real hidden gem even most New Yorkers do not know about. It's Chinese Scholar Garden in Snug Harbor.I will not repeat the story and building facts - you can read it on their site or in other reviews. I will just tell you that this Garden is incredible.It's most beautiful serene place. Unbelievably well designed & authentic. Relaxing & picturesque. Take your time and sit on one of the benches, watching the koi swimming in the pond, listening for bamboo whispering in the wind, and feeling pink flower petals fall to the palm of your hand. Go in Spring, when trees are in bloom and koi wake up from winter nap. It is worth a day trip to forgotten borough, I promise you.
<review# 530,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/21/2013,6/3/2013,452,1130,2,9,7>Yeah...so I am completely obsessed with fro-yo in general, and Love & Yogurt specifically.  While many shops carry the same varieties, each packed with chemicals, this adorable cafe sources about 75% of their offerings from an exclusive relationship with Ronnybrook Farms.  This means that their smooth yogurt is made directly from real dairy ingredients without the harsh additives.  L&Y even designates these options as "Pure Love", while those from the mainstream providers are noted as "Sweet Love".  This allows the customer to decide how they would like to satisfy their cravings.  Due to the lack of added flavoring, the Pure Love versions are more straightforward, like coffee, chocolate, vanilla, etc, while Sweet Love offers flavors, such as Red Velvet Cake and Island Banana.  I do wish that sorbet options were more consistently available  though.  The shop also offers a wide array of unique toppings like macadamia nuts and rainbow cookies.  The cafe is always neat and tidy, although sometimes the overwhelming stench of cleaner can, in fact, be a bit disconcerting.  Love & Yogurt is definitely one of the most innovative and creative yogurt shops around.  The fact that they work so hard to bring consumers the freshest ingredients really shows me that they care about quality, a fact that was also proven in a discussion I once had with their manager who happened to be there as I stuffed my face.  I definitely recommend a visit, especially as the temperatures start to rise over the next few weeks.
<review# 531,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/20/2013,6/2/2013,1550,325,9,26,16>Christine Nunn, from Picnic fame, is the executive chef of this casual French inspired American byob restaurant in downtown Westwood.Aged exposed beams, newly installed front windows and an overall comfortable feel gives this space a well-deserved face lift.  Though the room is rather small, the tables are well-spaced and diners are not on top of each other.We began with the pickled goodies:  ramps, haricot vert and watermelon rinds.  I don't think I have ever seen pickled watermelon rinds on a menu in Bergen County.  They were the highlight of the 3.Wife began with an order of the Ipswich clams.  They were lightly fried and served with a remoulade.  They were big meaty clams with a tasty coating.I had the slow roasted marrow bones(three of them) with a  red onion and tenderloin marmalade.   The red onion and tenderloin marmalade was outstanding and the dish was enjoyable.Wife's main was the Chatham cod with a  saltine crust, Meyer lemon, green beans, and forbidden rice.  She said it was delicious and  would gladly order it again.Grange posted photos earlier in the week of the rabbit stew and I knew that if it was on the menu that I would be ordering it.  Luckily, it was on the menu!  A very large piece of rabbit loin, white wine, shelling peas, and baby carrots over barley.  What a great dish!Two house made desserts were available:  1.  doughnuts or zeppoles?  I can't remember which one and   2.  peanut butter bread pudding.We were quite full and passed on dessert.Service was excellent. We were told this was a preliminary menu and as the weeks went by, it would be expanded.  Can't wait to see what is to come.Street parking was easy.
<review# 532,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/1/2013,6/1/2013,115,202,2,7,6>Just lovely.  Westwood was screaming for a place like this.  The Starbucks line on the weekends is completely out of control, not to mention it's serving up mediocre to hit-or-miss espresso drinks for $6 a pop. Just a few of the reasons you should hit Sogno before your next round of local Saturday errands: 1. The friendliest staff I've run into in the Northeast. 2. Delicious pastry options from crepes with fresh fruit to Balthazar Bakery sticky buns, croissants, etc. 3. Espresso drinks made by loving, knowledgeable hands. 4. The best iced coffee I've had in a long time. The couple that owns Sogno is passionate about what they do, and about keeping their customers happy.  It's so refreshing to have a local spot succeeding like this! PS Before I start to complain about how tiny it is with not a lot of room to sit, I'll inform you all that they are in the midst of construction to expand to the storefront next door...so get ready for more sit down space, allowing for some live music, caffeinated study sessions, and more!  Weee!
<review# 533,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/16/2013,5/31/2013,19,318,4,6,5>They're friendly here, the service is a good reason to go for a rushed lunch or a even a lazy breakfast. They don't treat you like a table to turn but they can get you out quickly if that's what you want. And it's ironic how incredibly diner-like this place feels in a diner infested state; you think you know what a diner feels like just because they're everywhere, but in this general area of Bergen County, Jack's is the most real diner you'll find in my opinion. Their pancakes are a reliable option, but their specials are always tasty too. I've only ever ordered breakfast food, but I keep meaning to try the lobster roll for lunch, which I've been told is amazing - can't vouch for it yet. And overall, the cost is decent for what they serve on your plate. Even with other acceptable dining options close by, Jack's always comes to my mind first when I'm around town.
<review# 534,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/5/2013,5/30/2013,105,195,6,6,4>This is the first Korean place I am yelping a review for. Despite being Korean, I don't each much Korean food. And I usually don't eat Korean food outside my home, because hell, why pay for a meal that your mom can make and eat for free at home?!But this place is different. It's cheap, but it's still pretty damn good. I have had all of their dolsot bibimbaps (couldn't find out which one was the regular ground beef bibimbap because I am an illiterate Korean!) But I am not complaining as all of them were good! And I found the traditional dolsot bibimbap. It's the vegetable one. A bit misleading no?? But hey I am happy that I finally found it! The meal also comes with a small bowl of sullongtang. But I'd suggest getting an order of it on its own as It is worth having. Yea, it's a lot of bone marrow and fat, but that's why it's oh so good and healthy?! Hoping my Korean genes help me live long and without much health problems. I would definitely recommend this place over Gameeoak without any hesitation. With that being said,Live long and prosper my fellow Korean yelpers.
<review# 535,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/18/2013,5/29/2013,212,244,9,8,6>So I was a vegetarian for 3 years and decided recently I'd ween myself back on to meat. And by ween I mean accept every meat passed around the rodizio and leave my plate with bones.Granted, my toilet was not very happy with me but my taste buds were dancing with joy. They must have had 10 to 15 meat options and didn't stop coming until I rolled out the door. Lamb, chicken, turkey, stuff wrapped in bacon, sirloin, picanha--they had it all. The best one was a peppercorn crusted steak...the only one I asked for seconds of even though my stomach was about to explode. I didn't even touch the buffet that came with the meal but I did have a Passion Fruit Caipirinha (NOM NOM sweet, tart, and delicious) and shared a pitcher of red sangria with my friend (also NOM NOM) which really hit the spot.The restaurant is really big and well decorated; kind of chic, but also kind of rustic. Makes a great date spot. There are lots of tables and the bar is located on the side. Happy hour is 3-7pm and half of cocktails and some draft beers. Not a bad deal for those yummy caipirinhas!Overall, I'm now officially weened and I'm definitely a fan of Rio Rodizio.
<review# 536,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/23/2013,5/28/2013,397,687,19,27,26>I bookmarked Sharky's when I first found out that it had replaced the old Boonton Avenue Grill...a place we used to hit up a couple times a year.  Finally, I had a chance to give it a try and my kids and I had a very good lunch.  We used to be pretty fond of the old Boonton Grill's menu, but I had heard good things about Sharky's and they came through.I checked in and found a $5 off coupon on Yelp which confused the waiter a bit, but he came through after talking to the manager.  We were pretty hungry so we ordered some normal pub food that we could all try...I ordered ten wings- 5 Thai chili (which I ate myself since the kids aren't into spicy food yet) and Maryland which were butter and Old Bay.  Absolutely loved the wings-even if they were a little small.  Done to a nice crispiness on the outside yet tender in the middle.  The Thai Chili sauce was out of this world, while the Maryland sauce could have used a tad more Old Bay.  I also ordered a chicken jalapeño quesadilla which was also very good-my only complaint was that the filling didn't go out to the edge of the quesadilla.My son LOVED his Bacon cheeseburger-nice sized burger with crispy bacon...how can you go wrong there?  My daughter had two plain hot dogs (slacker), a Caesar Salad (which was honestly-perfect) and French onion soup which was tasty, but needed about 15 more seconds under the broiler.The kids and I had a very good lunch on a day a took off just to be with them (their spring break) and the mela didn't break the bank.  Here's the best thing I can say about Sharky's...I can't wait to go back with some adult friends so I can try some new food and toss back a few beers in the process!!!
<review# 537,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/7/2013,5/27/2013,19,36,3,8,3>Hands down: The. Best. Coffee. In. Hoboken. Likely some of the best in the region. There's no doubt...while I usually prefer to go into the city for outstanding food/drink, this coffee is totally worth staying in Hoboken for (or traveling here to get some!) I am so excited that Hoboken is getting awesome new businesses that are unique, independent and ridiculously awesome - this is a perfect example. And not only is it totally and unequivocally delicious - proceeds are going to a great cause, a socially-minded enterprise - a portion goes directly to Haitian children, for drinking water/education. Now this is something that I can toast my beans to!Things that I am impressed by on my first visit:- Awesome airy space...perfect for studying, coffee-dating, a relaxing and beautiful atmosphere- Ridiculously friendly folks - from the person making my coffee (Evan) to the person who rang me up (Destiny) and even the customers I met - this is a place to go to be happy. - Fabulous single origin coffee, great scones/baked goods (delivered daily from Amy's Bread)  and I can't wait to try the flowering tea buds!I am sure I will be back tomorrow!
<review# 538,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/17/2013,5/26/2013,278,439,10,5,3>I'm an uptown girl, and I prefer this park head and shoulders above Pier A. It's farther from the train station and has no porta potties so you don't get the vagrants. You don't get as many people in general, which is nice if you wanna spread out on the lawn with a blanket and catch some rays without inhaling someone's secondhand smoke or getting hit in the head with a football. It can get rather goose poopy at some times of the year so be careful where you lay your head.For those of you with rugrats, there's a playground at the near side. Just keep them there, I don't pay exorbitant monthly copays for birth control for no reason. I don't have my own and I don't wanna hear yours, either. Finally, in case you're really drunk or just stupid, heed the "no bathing" sign next to the rocky beach. We don't want people coming out of the Hudson with a third eye or something.
<review# 539,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/17/2013,5/25/2013,78,140,2,7,4>After a pretty long hiatus from writing reviews, I finally have the time after all my finals were completed. I am going to be a little biased in this yelp review, but who isn't when they're writing yelp reviews? But I love Korean food, especially Korean BBQ.I wasn't sure how this Korean BBQ was going to work since many of the Korean BBQ places that I had been to before weren't all you can eat. But basically you go in and they start the stove for you. You can choose whatever raw meats you want in the line and you can fry away. I went here at night because I heard that night is the only time that they have the short ribs (even though it is double the price if you eat there at night). Anyways, my date and I basically ate short ribs all night long. We also tried their bacon, their soon doo boo, and their Korean pancakes. But since we came to eat short ribs, we just kept eating and eating and eating til we literally could not fit any more food in our stomachs.5 stars for food quality, it is pricey, but I'll give Picnic Garden 5 stars for it's food quality.
<review# 540,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/14/2013,5/24/2013,137,175,4,6,6>They say things happen for a reason. Well when i was heading to a Doctor's appt and my GPS got me lost, i stumbled upon Lucky's, then my GPS made me make a u-turn and once again, pass Lucky's, it had to be fate, no?Turns out i was only about 1/4 mi away from my the Dr, I was told my BP was a little low, nothing some salty food wont cure, right?  i got out of my appointment at Lunchtime....The planets are aligning, .I'm guessing this was a sign from above.I pull right up to Lucky's, before i exit my car, i need to check Yelp reviews (of course) and guess what? Good reviews! Especially by my main man Mick L. Now as i sit in the car, i ponder the question, what should i eat? I hate to walk into a place, while the person behind the counter is staring at you, waiting for you to make a decision, only to have you rush and say "I'll have..............", no, not this time, i'm going in with a plan.I'm still outside and i'm casing the joint, seems as though burgers, philly cheesteaks and ribs are the main bounty. I wasn't feeling a burger, so it was between the PCS and ribs. I exit my vehicle and head in, cool place, had some vintage rock n roll playing, place is decorated cool with lots of diamond plating, almost like a cool garage. The girl behind the counter says "what can i get you?", i say "this is my 1st time here, what do you suggest?", she says "Are you hungry, or really hungry?", i said "i'm pretty damn hungry.", she says "RIBS!"..................SOLD!!!! i go and sit in the dining room, a bunch of flat screen TVs hung around. I sipped my soda and played w/ my phone, looked around, the place was cool and seemed clean.About 10 min pass and she brings out my ribs, a full rack with seasoned fries and a side order of garlic bread. Oh yeah, this is going to be good. One bite, i was feeling happy, the sauce was good but not over-powering, the meat was fall off the bone tender, the fries were seasoned nicely, garlic bread was a delicious unexpected surprise. The whole meal was really good, the girl from behind the counter came out and checked on me a few times, we briefly conversed, she was sweet. I need to get back to Lucky's very soon and so do you!!!!
<review# 541,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/28/2013,5/23/2013,143,445,7,26,21>"The hardest place to get a reservation in NYC, is not even in NYC." New York Times.Fact and well worth it. My wife got us a seat for the ramen lab tasting for my birthday. They were all booked until a last second cancellation. The lab is a 6 seat standing counter with a small kitchen, stove, boilers, sinks, microscope? Spectrometer? They use these tools to test the quality of the broths and noodles themselves...amazing.These noodles really are special. Amazing texture and mouth feel. We kept talking about the 'chew' the noodles have, unlike anything you've ever had.The chef was really nice and his right hand man George told us everything we needed to know about the preparation, choice of noodle, timing and the like. The tasting was 5 courses, varying broth consistencies, noodle texture and color. We also got an intense history of ramen. FYI there are 30k McDonald's in the world and 80k ramen shops in Japan alone...awesome.The whole experience was almost life changing, these guys are so passionate and dedicated to the craft, it's hard not to get immersed in it.I know they sell their noodles retail at Mitsuwa, never dried, fresh ramen!!!
<review# 542,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/1/2013,5/22/2013,15,17,,3,2>Hands down our favorite neighborhood Chinese take-out joint! This family is friendly, hard-working and will appreciate your loyalty to their restaurant. We are fans of the shrimp lo mein, general tso's, kung pow chicken, boneless spare ribs, steamed dumplings, etc! You can't go wrong here and the price is very very reasonable. When we call to order... the family knows our usual dish and our favorite choice of drinks. The delivery is speedy so if you're ever hungry and want quick delivery, this is your place! We will be ordering from them soon!!!!
<review# 543,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/11/2013,5/21/2013,354,404,3,7,4>I come here all the time because my dad is a regular. They're known for seafood so if you plan on coming here only once get something along those lines. I love the seafood fra diavolo and the stuffed clams. They have great sandwiches/burgers and french fries/onion rings. Everyone loves the beef dip. The shrimp or lobster salad in a pita is fantastic as well. I usually order the caesar salad (dressing on the side) because they make really good caesar dressing or their greek salad with blackened shrimp, YUM. They also have hands down the BEST honey mustard sauce ever. Manhattan clam chowder is always available along with the soup of the day - the cream of mushroom and lobster bisque rock. Sit at the bar!
<review# 544,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/14/2012,5/20/2013,149,101,4,4,3>I make sandwhiches at home, and they are good, but sometimes I just need a deli sandwhich.  I need that shredded lettuce and kaiser roll or hero instead of the broing slices from the bag. I need that sloppy helping of oil and vinegar that makes all my sandwhich toppings slide out the other end when I bite into it. Avenue Deli makes damn good sandwhiches. Period.Could they maybe update the place and paint or give it some life, sure. Could they do something awesome and attractive with their deli counter and sandwhich making station, I suppose. But let's face it, they arent here for ambiance. They are here to give you a SUB when you need it. I go ther faithfully.I also like that in the mornings if you order a breakfast sandwhich , they actually use real eggs and bacon to make it, not some microwaved liquid and pre cooked meat. The people there are pleasant and kind and it doestn hurt they have a huge NY GMEN player on days of the games or play off time....fine taste indeed.
<review# 545,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/2/2013,5/19/2013,104,214,,4,6>AMAZING! Gastronomic. This place was pretty packed Friday night. They told us 30 min wait at first but they let us add on another chair to a 2 person table. The waitresses were literally running around restaurant. They still managed to be very attentive though. Since we were seated at a small table, I accidentally knocked over soy sauce and it spilled everywhere! But it wasn't hard to get their attention. They even stopped to take a quick picture for us. They have pretty good sushi dinner deals and kitchen entrees. I had chilean sea bass, which I absolutely love! And it came with soup, salad, gyoza, california roll, tempura. I was stuffed, but it was the best meal I've had in a while! M and T both got sushi, and they claim that the crunchy spicy tuna is amazing. The dishes that I saw on others' tables were also really fancy and looked delicious. There was so much other stuff that looked good, although I wasn't sure what a lot of it was. I probably could have asked, but I was pretty set on the sea bass anyways!Also, it was my birthday recently... so it was embarrassing, but they brought out ice cream for me with a candle and sang happy birthday.
<review# 546,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/26/2013,5/18/2013,130,375,3,7,2>The mom.i.l (copyright me 2013) has been staying with us for a bit.  (I like her- she's a great cook).  She likes to eat here whenever she visits.  So we had a large dinner with other kin, both by blood and by contract.  We realized that the best way to experience PSW is to go with other people, sit at one of those large circular tables with a lazy susan, order many entrees and xlbs, and try a little (or alot) of everything.  We ordered the following and had a great meal:-sauteed pea shoots (excellent greens)-seafood pan fried noodles (love the textural contrast of the crispy noodles)-sweet and sour pork chops (battered and deep fried swine w/ sauce; yes please)-salt&pepper squid (salt-n-pepa's here and we're in effect ...)-sauteed clams w/ black bean sauce (star of the night; the mom.i.l loves the black bean sauce here)-2 orders of xlbs (oh yeah- can't come here without ordering the soup dumplings)-beef with tofu and leeks (just okay; but at least it came out fast)We killed the above (I helped out a lot).  We even took home the leftover black bean sauce.  You can say that PSW is the SAUCE BAWS (I gotta stop).  Also, their jasmine tea paired well with the food.  In sum, PSW is better when you come with a large group so that you can try many dishes.  I am upgrading/adding another star because the dining experience as a whole was greater than the sum of each individual entree.  And the bill was not bad for the feast that we had.  It was a good night.
<review# 547,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/2/2013,5/17/2013,81,80,3,6,6>I've been here  twice. I really like this place, the decor in this small restaurant is really beautiful, you will find that none of the table and the chairs are the same, they are all different, very unique.  Walking into the restaurant, you feel like you are walking into an antique store. The food is great, it's not cheap but you won't be disappointed.  I have tried lamb shank ($26) and their daily fish special ($34) , both of them are amazing great!! The ingredient is very fresh with right amount of seasoning.  I didn't really try their brunch item, but saw the table next to us ordered Egg Benedict and they looked so yum!! I think I will definitely go back and try it .  As for the dessert,  I love their Napoleon ($10) ,  the cream is very light and not over sweet, the combination of cream, fresh blue berry and the puff pastry are just great.   If you are in Fort Lee and you are tired of eating Korean/ Japanese food and you want to try something new, you should come to Khloe. You won't be disappointed!
<review# 548,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/13/2013,5/16/2013,63,183,2,12,5>Heading out for lunch today, my husband noticed the King Falafel was open. Two awkward rt.46 u-turns later, and we looped around into the parking lot. The place is small, 7 tables for 4 people each. They had just opened on Thursday, and the plastic wrap hadn't even been taken off the chairs yet. Ambiance is nill, it feels like what it is--a converted storefront. We ordered at the counter, from one of the owners, a really nice guy who was eager to please.We decided we wanted to sample a lot of things, so we ordered the falafel appetizer, hummus, and tabouleh, we also got the mixed meat shawarma platter for one to share. We sat down and were immediately served the small plate of pickles that you receive at every Lebanese place. There were excellent pickles, pickled green olives, but the pickled beets I usually see were absent. Nevertheless, King Falafel added some treats that were new to me, pickled jalapenos and pickled lemons. The lemons were to die for.Tabouleh: excellent. Just the right ratio of ingredients, light and fresh.  Humus: fine, needed a bit more flavor and garlic, but a good consistency. Falafel: amazing. Different from other falafels I have had, so maybe not 100% authentic, but I don't care cause it was fantastic. When the shawarma platter arrived, I was astonished that it was "for one". It was the size you often see for sharing. An entire kabab's meat of chicken, one of steak, one Kefta kabab (those ground meat stick things), and a side portion of grilled, shredded lamb. The steak was a little on the tough side, but marinated and seasoned perfectly. The kefta was really juicy and well-cooked, but less seasoned than I prefer. The shredded lamb was awesome, well seasoned and grilled to perfection, it also has the appeal of being something you don't see on many shawarma platters. Though everything was very good, the chicken was the star here, incredibly tender, perfectly marinated and flavorful, without any single spice overwhelming the whole. The best part of the meal: the homemade sauces. The yogurt sauce for the falafel was creamy and filled with garlicy goodness. "Would you like hot sauce?" "Yes please!" Very hot, their homemade hot sauce never-the-less was bursting with flavor. They use a cilantro base, with olive oil and a variety of chilies. . . superb. There were two sauces with the meat, another yogurt sauce and a yogurt/parsley sauce. Both were stellar, and clearly made fresh, with the order. For dessert, some tea infused with fresh mint, and some fantastic baklava. Service was impeccable. King Falafel could very quickly become 5 star, with just minimal improvements, mostly they need to build a double door/vestibule area. It was freezing inside.
<review# 549,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/16/2013,5/15/2013,215,117,2,6,4>pellegrino's is a consistent hit in my book. I have gone 2xs, first time i got pork osso bucco, and OH MY GOD. its perfect. the dish is so well prepared, and garnished with thought and intent. i am a salt fanatic, and i didnt pick up the shaker ONCE. i also got the chicken phyllo- that was crunchy and delicious!! The bartender was very nice, makes a mean dessert martini, and has amazing hair.  I bought a groupon for my second time there, and was treated like a normal patron. Which is always nice- usually they treat you differently. One bottle of wine, 2 entrees 45$ . great deal. I got pork again, amazing, and a pear salad- which was fully coated with dressing- love that- I hate to have to mix my own salad. dessert I got the banana cream pie. This pie, was literally the best dessert I've ever had, I hate banana but I LOVE how light this is, the crust is delicious. I would absolutely return here, and I'm bringing my parents.  Thanks For a great experience!
<review# 550,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/17/2013,5/14/2013,152,161,4,9,8>I got turned onto this place after a visit to sushi lounge.  Apparently both restaurants are owned by the same person, so based on my love for sushi lounge I gave it a shot.  This place sits on the corner of an intersection but it sneaks up on you a bit if you are coming from 46.  The parking lot can be a mess if its crowded but parking across the street is a breeze. They have a nice large space with plenty of tables and a couple of booths.  TV screens dot the walls so you can always catch your favorite game.  The bar area is really tiny and usually pretty crowded.  I have heard this place can get very crowded on the weekends so if that's not your thing I would suggest another night. They usually have daily specials which are sometimes interesting and sometimes standard.  Really depends on the day.  The food is always very good.  Mondays they run an endless mussels promo with a choice of 4 or 5 sauces which is tasty.  It's a basic American style menu with a few fancier dishes mixed in. Service is always attentive and polite. Matt the manager does a good job remembering repeat customers and will always spend a few minutes chatting about the goings on of the day.  They also host different beer dinners where you pay for a multi course meal that they pair with different craft beers from a specific brewery.  I have been to two of these one being awesome and one being not so great.  They also have a nice live jazz brunch on Sundays.  Overall it's a nice casual place to share a meal with friends.   Food is tasty and their is something for everyone.  PS if you are lucky enough to try their bailey's cheesecake do it.  I have dreams about it.
<review# 551,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/17/2013,5/13/2013,158,211,6,21,13>I'm no expert, but I've had my fair share of this amazing cuisine. I have Ethiopian co-workers who bring in home-made injera, lentils, lamb, and beef dishes for our office celebrations. I've also tasted it at restaurants in NYC and Atlanta (large Ethiopian resettlement population) Their food is like no other and I absolutely love it. The flavors are intense, a bit spicy, lots of cumin. The injera bread has an incredible tang. There's so much love when dining Ethiopian because it's communal. You eat with your hand - being a Nepali I have no problem with that and it's all shared from one large plate in the middle of the table. They bring out the plate covered with a layer of Injera bread and several dishes around it. I really liked this injera because it was thinner than some other ones I've had, so you could enjoy more of it! Today we had two different types of lentils, a ground beef, two kinds of lamb. One was a stew like, and the other chunks of delicious lamb covered in gravy. There was a cabbage and potato dish and another green bean dish. Everything was delectable! My three favorites were the lamb, ground beef, and "shuro" lentils. The owners are the sweetest, most genuine, loving people you'll ever meet. The service was fantastic. This restaurant is BYOB. The restaurant has brick wall all around, and there's a large lovely painting of the Walia - an endangered horned mammal species only found in the mountains of Northern Ethiopia I learned today. The food is so fresh, flavorful, and it truly doesn't get more authentic than this. My Ethiopian friends completely attest to this. Go find a real live walia and ask one yourself. Take the drive, it's completely worth it. I'll be smelling my fingers all day long.
<review# 552,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/23/2013,5/12/2013,47,160,6,3,3>Ah, Mulligan's. I hate to love you. You do bad things to me. Whenever we're together, you make me make some really poor decisions. Damn you.In a town full of ex-frat types who like to congregate at fratastic bars downtown, Mulligan's is a welcome relief. More laid back and not blaring fist pumping music, Mulligan's is off the main drag tucked away on First Street.Why I love Mulligan's:-Bartenders: super friendly, attentive and willing to put up with our drunken shenanigans. In fact, they seem to encourage them.-Bathrooms: Singles. No bathroom stalls! I love this. I hate talking to drunk strangers in the bathroom. Everyone knows drunk girls are the worst.-Sports: Always on TV. I love that there seems to be an underlying Philly tone here (I'm willing to admit this as I recently "came out" as a Phillies/Eagles fan to my NY friends).This place is amazing. Leave your YOLO tank at home.
<review# 553,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/15/2013,5/11/2013,43,63,6,13,4>Yes, it is located right across from Bergen County Jail. So, what. Like you have never committed a crime. First, props to the young waiter who was super attentive and sweet. It was like stepping into a little part of Mexico and I loved the unpretentious feel of the restaurant. Lemonade was oh, so DE-licious, fresh guacamole and wonderful hot sauce. Ordered the Carne Asada (charbroiled sirloin steak served with rice & beans). The flavor and texture of the steak was perfect. Rice was nice as well, but the beans needed some additives, bit on the bland side. The best part was dessert the flan was orgasmic. Texture and presentation and the way it dissolves in your mouth.I want to go there right now! I look forward to going back soon. Space is small, but the food is authentic and that's even more of a reason to try it.
<review# 554,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/11/2013,5/10/2013,171,196,8,11,11>I want Sofra to be open years down the road, still serving the same, soul-warming Turkish cuisine.  Drifting along in the vast sea of neighborhood eateries, by default, it is an uphill battle for *most* decently/good/awesome places in Montclair.  Nevertheless, I like it here.  I feel all warm and goo-goo-ey when I dine at Sofra.Yet admittedly so, I know little of authentic Turkish food.  BUT!!  You are on my radar, Istanbul!!  Along with your bad-ass, more liberal, less scary half-brother Izmir.... you bet your best hookah I will see you in the next two years.A Turkish family is the mastermind behind Sofra - that makes it pretty damn authentic to me, saves me the $450 one-way ticket - win/win.  So, with that said, I give my seal of approval!  Service, as mentioned quite abundantly in so many reviews, is lovely but can be spotty.  The lady server who has waited on me every time is exceptionally courteous and informative.  I can appreciate slower, not in your face. and genuinely nice service.Food can take a hot-minute.  If you are starving, in a rush, or if you are generally an impatient butt-head...........Falafel Hut is down the road.  They make a good Falafel, and it's decently fast.Here, the food is banging, for the most part.  I do not mind waiting.  Everything I have tried has not exactly been, well, a total palate-orgasm - the Manti, not a fan, and the Shrimp Casserole, really not my favorite.  These are pretty much the only two dishes that didn't rock my world.  Again, being pretty unfamiliar with the food culture....live and learn, yes?On the plus side, the okra dish is one of the best things I have ever eaten in my life that has involved that bizarre vegetable....freaking, wow.  So good.  And being a huge fan of anything involving tender, slow-cooked, melt-in-your-mouth lamb - if you share a similar preference for this delightful meat, get their lamb stew OR the hunkar bengadi, the stew being my absolute favorite thing on the menu.  I love the eggplant appetizer, as well.  The white bean salad and the lentil soup are traditional and yummy and satisfying.... nothing to complain about.Yes, yes, we can all whine about how slow they are, and how badly they must be resisting the urge to dollop super-foreign-spices to the majority of their US-born diners.... but, yes, indeed, I like the food.  I have a high tolerance for spice + seasonings, and when *requested* - they turn out perfectly seasoned, made-to-order, Mediterranean comfort food.  The first couple of times I have eaten here, I have been accompanied by my Greek guy-friends.... who speak Turkish, kind of....Enough to say "we are not babies".... so, maybe the problem here can just be resolved if... you ASK THEM to make your food with a bit more GUSTO! (I do not know how to say this in Turkish, so that will have to do...)Take your time, slow down, sip your Turkish tea, or share a bottle of wine, taste that DELICIOUS olive oil and bread.... that's what is is all about, for so many of the Mediterranean cultures, as far as I can tell.  Unwind a little with your favorite people, the culture of rush-rush-rush, hurry-up-and-wait....doesn't that get a little, tiring, perhaps?
<review# 555,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/23/2013,5/9/2013,483,392,5,8,6>There are really only two things you need to know about The Lamp Post Bar & Grill -- their Angus burger is absolutely amazing, and they have $5 PBRs with a whiskey shot. Other than that, not much else needs to be said here. Great local neighborhood bar that's divey, super low-key, and just perfect for some late-night drinking and hanging out with friends. They have TVs for sports watchers, sometimes a live band, sometimes a comedy show, a jukebox, and the music they play is a mix of classic 80s/90s hits. The decor is outdated, but this place has been here for several years and has kept its integrity for providing great drinks, quality bar food, and genuine, friendly service to both old and new customers. Expect to feel right at home and comfortable when you come here for the first time. Their Angus burgers are undoubtedly delicious. I wasn't expecting much from their burgers, and I usually order with cheese or something on top, but I forgot to order extra toppings. My burger came plain with a bun, so I was planning for disappointment. Even without cheese or even ketchup for that matter, this burger blew me away. If anything, try their Angus burger!
<review# 556,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/15/2013,5/8/2013,237,200,19,29,18>PUERTO RICO JUST GOT A WHOLE LOT CLOSER!I've been searching for a great place for Puerto Rican food probably since the last time that I was in Puerto Rico. No offense to my other Caribbean cousins in Cuba and the Dominican Republic, but nobody makes better cooking than my Puerto Rican abuelita. Maybe it's because I was drinking Malta India before I was drinking milk. My burning for true Boricuan cooking is a visceral one that is key to my core. I was fortunate enough to have family members that knew how to cook traditional dishes the way that you'd find them on the island. But as I got older I knew that I would either learn to make it myself or find places that cooked it like my family. Unfortunately, my cooking skills do not extend to Puerto Rican cooking, so I have to seek out the places that make it just like mi familia.So what makes up the perfect Puerto Rican experience?Every good Puerto Rican place needs some Frituras (fried snacks or "fritters") as Antojitos (Appetizers). Here you can all of your favorite Frituras like you would at the Cuchifritos except without all of the extra grease. How many other places do you know that you can get Alcapurrias (Stuffed banana fritters), Bacalaitos (Cod fish fritters), or Rellenos de Papa (Stuffed Potatoes with Meat) this far from Puerto Rico? I haven't seen that many places that did it right without taking a 4 hour flight out to Aguadilla Airport. So save your sky miles and get them here instead.What about the eponymous "Pasteles" for which this place is named? You can these pork-filled patties as either banana or cassava. Serve it up with a healthy portion of Arroz y Habichuelas (rice and beans) and some Tostones (fried sweet plantains) and you've got yourself a meal that will take you back to your abuelita's (grandmother) kitchen. Although this was my "lunch" for the day, I still had enough to take home with me for a pre-dinner snack later that afternoon. None of this home cooking was going to waste on my watch.Need something to wash it down? Go to the beverage cooler and grab yourself your favorite drink. This ain't no bodega, so don't expect to find a Chubby in the fridge, but you will find all of the drinks that drank while growing up with your Puerto Rican family. Feel like something fizzy? Grab yourself a Malta India, Coco Rico, or Kola Champagne. Coco Rico never really grew on me, so I'll stick to drinking my Malta India just like when I was wearing short-pants.If by some miracle you still have some room for dessert, then you can't get any better than their flan. And they just do their flan one way that you either take it or leave it. Here they do their flan THREE ways: Flan de leche, queso, o coco (Caramel, Cheese, or Coconut Custard). Arroz con dulce (Rice Pudding) is another home-made dessert classic, but I'd be proud to have anything that they served up for me knowing that they are pushing out the real thing.The next time I go there I'm going to be sure to buy another $15 for $20 Yelp Deal at Pasteles Y Algo Mas. For your $20 check you're getting an instant savings of $5 and there is no need to get yourself to a printer, because you can just flash them your coupon code at the register and they will apply the payment to your check. I've got my eye on the Mofongo de Camarones (Smashed Fried Plaintains with Shrimp) and I'm dying for any excuse to go back. Any opportunity to get up to 25% off my check is incentive enough for me to get my culo back there again.Cue the Willie Colón music now. It's time for me to salsa my way back to Pasteles Y Algo Mas for the best Puerto Rican meal that you're likely to find without going back to the Island.
<review# 557,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/9/2012,5/7/2013,474,598,2,8,8>Restaurants like this make me grateful to live in this area - real Italians know how to cook! I'm not sure any one thing stood out from our lovely Saturday night meal, but we were more than pleased with absolutely every morsel. The chef obviously respects ingredients and works to make them shine.Bread: fresh and tasty, came with a choice of olive oil or butter packets.Appetizers:Mussels (PEI in garlic and wine) - not my thing but he said they're "the best." Although they could have used more garlic and a single one of the overflowing bowl of mussels was unopened, they were expertly prepared and flavorful.Stuffed Artichoke - too much on the breadcrumbs in my opinion, but a really lovely, light start to my meal. This was from the specials menu - not sure if they have it regularly.Entrees:Gamberoni Monte E Mare - jumbo shrimp sauteed with chopped tomatoes, shitake mushrooms and garlic. This was an excellent dish. The shrimp could not have been cooked more perfectly, and I loved the touches of shitake and tomato interspersed with the gorgeous shrimp. Personally, I think it should have been paired with pasta rather than potatoes, but the plain potatoes and plain veggies on the side were really unnecessary (and unseasoned) with the size of the portion. (I tried the veggies and potatoes just to confirm that they were not worth the tummy space.)Veal Parmigiana - the star of this was the absolutely perfect tomato sauce. Simple, flavorful, and would be perfect on just about anything. Oh and this was HUGE. It was served with al dente spaghetti with that excellent sauce again.Lava cake for dessert was yummy (and they have a lot of dessert options).Pricing is extremely reasonable and service is quite wonderful. They have a smaller room in the back that might be perfect for a small group party. It's fairly loud but you can hold a conversation. Classy, laid back dining.Make a reservation! BYOB
<review# 558,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/10/2013,5/6/2013,144,279,5,11,10>Five stars. Yes. Five. Count 'em.I do not believe a restaurant has to be a "fine dining" establishment to earn a five-star rating. I just believe that they have to have a strong objective and succeed at meeting it. And what this coffee shop/bakery does, it does well. The second you walk in, you are transported from Jersey to Paris. It's not "Hey, this place is trying to be like a French bakery!" It's more like, "Wait, how did I get to Paris? What's going on? Did I Apparate here?" My friend, who studied abroad in Paris for a semester, immediately began freaking out. Everything from the writing on the walls to the cute little baguette sandwiches just oozes with authenticity. But it's not just the aesthetics that rock. Cripes. For lunch, I picked one of the simplest things: the egg sandwich with spinach and ricotta on 6-grain sandwich bread. It sounded slightly dull, but the other sandwich options contained massive quantities of bread that I knew would over-fill me. However, I got the surprise of my life from my humble sandwich; it was incredibly flavorful. The bread was astounding (so nutty and fresh), and fillings were perfectly seasoned to enhance the flavors of the ingredients, which sounds odd considering neither eggs, ricotta, NOR spinach are naturally that flavorful. And the coffee. Hands down one of the best soy lattes I've ever had. I ended up ordering a second one, which is not something I typically do. I also tried the apple tart, and yeah, it was obviously fantastic. I mean, duh.
<review# 559,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/28/2013,5/4/2013,14,49,4,3,7>Tea NJ. What can I honestly say about this place? The service is astonishing, truly! They have many different types of Tea, all with different benefits and mouth-savoury deliciousness! The place looks great and they will even stay open for a little while if you get there late. They know what the customer wants and they know Tea. A friend of mine ordered the cappuccino with vanilla, had some and fell in love. I am definitely coming back for the Tomato soup and other teas. Oh, by the way, this place is perfect for little dates or a small treat for your girlfriend. Yep, You're welcome, guys.
<review# 560,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/12/2013,5/3/2013,214,281,6,11,8>I have tried every cupcake between here and Manhattan. These are the best by far in this area. Normally I go for the able baker in Maplewood, but I think i have found the ultimate cupcake at this little spot on Route 22. Both the frosting and the cake were delicious. The frosting was smooth and buttery and not grainy or too sweet. I was encouraged by the two lovely ladies that helped me there to get their best seller - Pina Colada. I was skeptical, but I had a living social for 6 so what was one weird one if it turned out to be really pina-colada-ey. That flavor in a cupcake seems like it would be beyond gross, but I always like to go with a recommendation of the favorite so I can experience something new if it isn't what i would normally try. OMG it was great. Real crushed pinapple in a tiny little pile at the top and delicious coconut icing and a little coconut around the bottom edge of the frosting. I thought it would be artificial tasting, and I was afraid of a gross chemical flavor but this was amazing. The vanilla was also delicious and very flavorful with cute little sprinkles - it made me think of the ones I used to have at birthday parties at school only it was perfect. The chocolate and red velvet ones looked delicious and I have no reason to believe that they would be anything but awesome but I have not tried them.The place was really cute and the people there super nice. The location is weird - there is a florist and a chocolate shop and a pile of firewood and a bunch of new Cadillacs around the back. I will be calling these ladies when I have an event because these are truly the best cupcake option in the area. Trust me, I am a connoisseur. These are yummers.
<review# 561,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/5/2012,5/2/2013,395,537,4,5,4>Owners are incredibly friendly and seem to have a great relationship with their customers. They seemed to know every single person that came in - whether it be two cops, a family or business men.The inside is open and comfortable. Simple, nothing fancy, but very clean. You can order to-go or sit down with waitress service. They bring chips and salsa to you to start. We ordered the guacamole and chips as an appetizer. I thought it was too much money for what it was. Although the chips are apparently usually fresh and made to order, these were from the bag. I appreciate that the guacamole was fresh but the quantity and store-bought chips was not worth the $8 price tag.I had their fresh lemonade which was delicious. We tried the Chicken Tostadas and the Steak Burrito and split it. The portions are very generous. The chicken tostada was full of a generous heap of flavorful, tender chicken atop a crispy tortilla, lettuce and avocado. The steak burrito was gigantic, the steak was delicious - as was the rice, beans, cheese and sour cream. The best part was that the burrito was crispy on the outside due to pressing it in a panini grill. The side salad accompanying it was small, but fresh and tasty.You can choose between 3 sauces for every dish - sweet, medium or spicy. I don't care for really spicy food, and the medium had the perfect amount of kick to it without being overwhelming.My friend loved her chimichanga - which they seem to be the most famous for. The chef and owner came by to make sure everything was great, and it was!
<review# 562,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/10/2012,5/1/2013,69,96,5,9,4>Occasionally I order some Chinese take out on a Friday night when I don't feel like cooking (don't judge me), but on my walking route I passed this outdoor eatery that never use to be there... Huh? How? Wasn't there a garage here?Well it's now a garage converted into a restaurant, kind of an annex to their family owned Italian bakery next door where I use to go to when I was a kid for lunch. I remembered when they had a picture framed of Momma Valente and Joe DiMaggio (former Yankee great) when the 'Yankee Clipper' visited the bakery.So I told my gf about it and we decided to try it out... For some reason the crazy girl had some uncorked Chilean wine in her car and I wasn't sure if it was BYO but why not give it a shot? As soon as we entered we were greeted by the host and offered to open the wine bottle in my hand ....JACKPOT....We sat down and ordered, and soon after that out came some bread w olive oil to dip in and pieces of their signature focassa...As we were conversing I couldn't help to realize what they have done with the place... for a place that use to be a garage it looks AMAZING.. well done paintings on the wall, flat screen TVs, fine dinnerware.Great dinner, I had chicken cutlets and prosciutto with cheese melt on top. and the gf had fresh made ravioli as we collectively wanted to savor every bite. Soon after we were done the owner asked how do I know about the place and I said "I used come here when you took a picture with Joe DiMaggio and hung it on your wall." and he was pleasantly surprised that I had came back.Don't miss out on this place. It truly is an Italian MUST TRY!
<review# 563,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/15/2013,4/30/2013,198,103,6,11,8>I went here with my family for my birthday in 2013, I had rodizio before, but my family had not. For those who are unfamiliar with Rodizio, it's Portuguese wood coal rotisserie meats served right off the skewer, bought to your table; it's all you can eat, until you wave the white flag and give up, ending the non-stop flow of meat.Augustino the floor manager, and the rest of the men running the second floor were truly service oriented and showed pride in the experience they gave my family and I.But before the meat, first there is the salad bar, which is actually very good: simple, fresh quality ingredients like roasted and grilled fennell and other vegetables, a really nice spread. It was enough to start but not fill up on.The meats to follow were expertly prepared, juicy, succulent cuts of chicken, beef, bacon wrapped sirloin, rib eye, filet mignon, and for hose voodoo fans out there, chicken hearts. All at less than $30 for all you can eat.They also finished it off with grilled pineapple flambe and bought me out a slice of chocolate cheesecake to die for. This place is a fantastic place for a special occasion or any time you want to feel like royalty. I highly recommend it. But heware, indulging on this much meat will knock your ass out for a day or two after, may even make you go vegan while you recover, but oh so good.
<review# 564,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/26/2013,4/29/2013,114,191,2,6,4>My first visit in about 4 years last night, and I was impressed, they haven't missed a step. AppsFoie Gras MousseQuail Egg CrostiniEntreesGoat Cheese BurgerFried ChickenDrinksThe Grand Huntley x 3Bordeaux (glass)Total: $133.00Huntley Tavern is excellent.  One of my favorite restaurants, even though I only go once in a long long while.  No one's perfect, but since they exist within the realm of that conversation, grading here is quite strict.  Going from 4 stars to 5 stars is a lot tougher than going from 3 to 4.  Anyway...Foie Gras Mousse.  Sinful.  Pornographic.  Stupid.  You must order this with a glass of wine.  This should be an automatic before you even look at your menus.   Just order it immediately, and then you can think about dinner. Quail Egg Crostini.  Good.  I would probably try something else before I order it again.   Goat Cheese Burger.  They're having 3 issues here.  1) The bread isn't quite right.  It's close, but not quite there yet.  2) The goat cheese and various other toppings overpower the burger.  3) The Patty was slightly over cooked, overly lean, and about 2 oz. short of properly rounding out it's accompanying toppings.More on the burger:  So many restaurants forget that the most important part of a burger is the BURGER!  If that isn't perfect.  Start over.  In my opinion, they should start over.  It did come with some pretty awesome fries, drizzled with truffle oil and topped with parmesan cheese, which I happen to like, so it was a success.  but all that being said, would not order it again.Fried Chicken.  The fried chicken was excellent.  The risotto was a little soupy,  so I guess I would have preferred simple mashed potatoes, or perhaps a succotash.  The Grand Huntely.  It's a cocktail.  Basically it's a top shelf Bourbon Manhattan with a  splash of Gran Marnier.  So refreshing!  It may replace my old faithful: the Rusty Nail.  In short, it stole the show. The service was excellent, as it has been every time I've visited HT. The ambience was perfect.  I was transported from Summit, NJ to a Beaver Creek Ski Lodge, or may a scene from Hansel and Gretel.  Nicely Done, Huntley Taverne!  I really want you to rethink your buyer, but with everything else so spot on, I can't deny you 5 stars.
<review# 565,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/3/2012,4/28/2013,72,167,7,9,9>We needed to go to a nice restaurant after all the crap Hurricane Sandy has put us through so we decided on Sergio's. I called Sergio and asked if he had a table for two available in 15 minutes. He said come on over and we will seat you quickly. Might have to wait a little bit but it will work. We got there 15 minutes later and Sergio seated us after a very short wait. This was our first time to Sergio's and the place is a gas. Probably not a good restaurant term.Sergio is a fine host and makes everyone feel at home. He greets everyone as you walk in and I noticed that he knows just about all the customers. A very good sign with all the return patrons.He sat us at a table in the back of the restaurant. I had a great view of the restaurant's decor and it'd really cool IMHO. The walls are a vibrant red and their are statues of saints as well as paintings of women and children. The lighting is a mix between victorian and basement. And it works...The food was outstanding. My wife ordered an appitizer made of Shitaki mushrooms, cheese, sausage and fall vegetables served in a pumpkin. Incredible. I ordered a beet salad with cheese and other vegetables and I can honestly say it was one of the best salads I have ever had. By the way, Sergio's presentation for all his dishes are spectacular.For main dishes, my better half had the mixed grill which consisted of chicken, skirt steak and lamb chop over broccoli rabe and a stuffed pasta and I had the short ribs over broccoli rabe and a stuffed pasta. Both dishes were comfort food at their best.For dessert, we had Sergio's pumpkin creme brulee with two coffee's. It was a night we both needed trying to handle all the devastation of Sandy over the past week both at the shore and here in Bergen county. Sergio did not disappoint. Make sure you check out their bathroom. I;m not going to give it away. FYI, it's BYOB...
<review# 566,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/4/2013,4/27/2013,133,153,6,9,9>Nothing But (French Toast)This was a gelateriaNow they have pancakes and baconyou got it, you got itWe bought the french toastNow we got something for brunchwe got it, we got itIf this is paradiseI wish I had a bigger stomachyou've got it, you've got itThe locals would know this used to be Sotto Zero, a really awesome ice cream shop that blended small batch flavors of gelato (my fave was fresh kiwi).  Miss that place.  That said, The Angry Coffee Bean is great little eatery that will definitely make a lot of the locals less dependent on JC or Rutherford for a similar experience.  High ceilings, just artsy enough with original artwork on the walls and a mic and sound system in place for poetry and music on Friday and Saturday nights.  They brew a really good, strong cup of coffee.  Great, if limited, selection of breakfast, brunch and lunch items.  Free wi-fi.Came here during their Sunday Brunch hours of 9am-3pm when they offer a special menu.  I ordered the French Toast stuffed with Nutella and Bananas and I really do wish I had a bigger stomach because I couldn't finish it all.  I was also tempted by the Red Velvet Pancakes, perhaps next time.  If you eat meat and come here super hungry get The Viking, it offers a little something of everything: two egg cheese omelet, buttermilk pancakes, bacon, sausage, roasted potatoes and toast all on one giant plate.  Service was great.  Can't wait to come back! I dream of granola yogurt parfaitscappuccinos and sconesyou got it, you got itDon't leave me stranded hereI can't get used to the calories
<review# 567,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/17/2013,4/26/2013,94,119,2,7,5>Amazing value. Huge sandwiches for hungry people. The first time I ordered, I was lost in the options. But, talk with the people behind the counter. They can make some good suggestions.I got a dripping pulled pork sandwich. The bread was soft and fluffy, the meat was juicy and tender. Perfect flavor. They take their time with your order, so take a seat after you tell them what you want. Most of their customers are big haired NJ types, blue-collar workers, a lot of leopard print, old couples and families. But after my experience here, I can assure you that this Deli/Sandwich Shop is for everybody. Only downsides are:1. Not open late2. Not open on Sundays3. No delivery4. Cash only (but that's how you keep the prices so low)
<review# 568,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/13/2012,4/25/2013,165,81,2,17,7>its shops like this that I hope never go out of business, I absolutely love it here. Vegan, Gluten Free and Health conscious.The owners are so sweet and helpful. You can tell they enjoy their business and are happy to see people eating healthy. They have great drinks, smoothies, teas, coffee, wheat grass shots, etc.Its all organic and fresh! The wraps, the platters, the sushi etc. It's all good and healthy and a fun knock off of meat and fish. You will be pleasantly surprised by this store/deli.its a very fun place to check out esp if you are a health nut. Go in there if your hungry, go in there if your just interested, go in there if you don't feel good.  tell Farbia  why you're there and he will recommend the best meal, or supplement, or whatever  for you. he will also perform free accu-pressure, and will show you how to do it on yourself. Where do you get this kind of service?Another really great thing I just found out he is going to offer is meal planning. So if you are diabetic, or looking to lose weight, unhealthy, etc.  - he will create a personal meal plan for you  to help to create balance in your life. He is doing some really great things, someone came as far as Boston, to meet with him directly while I was there.  Very cool things are going on in this shop! It's not your typical deli/store. and the owners, well you will never meet kinder people in your life!Trust me - pay a visit! Tell em Mary sent ya.
<review# 569,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/24/2013,4/24/2013,156,84,33,36,37>Ninety-nine bottles of beer on the wall, Ninety-nine bottles of beer...Remember that song? Well this place is even better, because it's all on tap! Maybe not exactly 99, but close to it! (Owner says there are 90 to be exact.) Aside from going to your favorite brewery, this is beer heaven!With so many beers to choose from, how do you know which one to get? 1. If you're a nerd like me, you could check beermenus.com/places/923, which is a list of beers the owner updates daily. Then you could cross-reference the list with beeradvocate or ratebeer or research it in some other way.2. If you're not like me, you could just ask the very friendly, helpful and knowledgeable bartenders or waitresses (shout out to Sasha!) for recommendations and you can even get a free sample or two to try before you purchase an entire glass.They have pub food here. I had the bbq pork sliders. They were delicious, though I cannot be entirely certain because I was pretty drunk at that point.The ambiance is great... hundreds of old beer tap handles line the brick walls, jukebox playing, darts and billiards are available and the atmosphere is simply laid back and warm.They are a business partner of New Jersey Craft Beer, so if you are a member, you can get 10% off your entire bill (no maximum).Now... back to my song. Take one down, pass it around, Ninety-eight bottles of beer on the wall!
<review# 570,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/29/2012,4/23/2013,175,193,3,14,12>What can I say that hasn't already been said?? Their pasteis de nata are AMAZING! Hands down the best pasteis de nata (custard cups) EVER (unless you go to Portugal, then you'll have better). Growing up in the neighborhood, I've probably tried every pastel de nata from every local bakery, but none compares to the ones from Teixeira's. The custard cup is flaky, soft and oh so delicious! Remember to ask for the original, not the lemon ones.They also have some other pretty good stuff such as soups and patties (empanadas).  Also, their Portuguese bread (papo seco) is one of the best around. Bread is delivered fresh several times per day from their factory on Rome Street (also in the Ironbound).Their service is good. You might have a language barrier with the ladies at the counter but they do their best to try to help you.  Be prepared though. I don't ever think I've been to Teixeira's where there wasn't a wait. Oh, and it is cash only, don't forget.Take my word: the pasteis de nata are definitely worth the trip!
<review# 571,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/25/2013,4/22/2013,1455,389,18,13,11>Stand clear of the closing door.  Bing, bong.I hear these words tens of times per day on my commute in, either sitting on a bright blue chair or hanging onto a pole.  Either way, i'm face deep in a book or watching PATH TV, immersed in air conditioned commuting goodness.Yeah, thats right, we have TVs on our trains.  Hear that other non-PATH NYC trains?  Yawn.  Your fancy lite-brite of stops is no match for news, weather, word scrambles, and sports.The good:-Generally consistent with timing.-New trains.-Insane A/C.The bad:-As much as it can be generally consistent, it can also be generally inconsistent.  Once in a while i'm stuck at Hoboken Terminal twiddling my thumbs watching the WTC train go in and out and in and out without a 33rd street train in sight.-Late night can be annoying - trains on the half hour AND drunk people.  The getting better:-Digital signs have popped up at Hoboken Terminal.  Hopefully the rest of the terminals will be populated with them in due time.  As much as I love playing the "Hoboken or JSQ" game at 23rd street coming home from work, a little upfront information would be nice.The nonsensical:-STOP HANGING BY THE DOOR.  This really goes for all subways I take on the regular.  If you just moved in instead of trying to get fancy with the door, things would move a bit faster.  It's pretty cheap for a ride, the monthly isn't bad, and it sure as hell beats the bus.  As much as I love hours of unpredictable backup in the Lincoln Tunnel...no thanks.And I repeat: Stand clear of the closing doors.  Bing, bong.
<review# 572,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/23/2012,4/21/2013,188,267,2,10,3>I have gotten several pairs of shoes repaired here, and the guys always do a great job. Most recently, I got two pairs of boots restored with new soles, heels, and calf extensions (not all of us have model-thin legs as these designer shoes would suggest!). One pair of shoes went through hell and back, to the point where the leather was completely worn at the tip of the boot, and they were able to fix it with no problems.The prices are more than reasonable: I don't remember how much the heel tack replacements were but they were less than $20. The turnaround is quick too; you can usually pick up the next day if the repair isn't too major. Sometimes you can get a job done on the spot. I've seen other shoe repair places in the square and other parts of JC, but these guys have my loyalty due to their friendliness, prices, and overall work.
<review# 573,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/4/2013,4/20/2013,44,24,5,7,7>I spent my 2.5E1 (25th) birthday here, and what a night it was! Upon first impression, the ambiance was amazing! Suddenly you lose track of the fact that you are in a deserted part of Hoboken (or above the Bier Garden even) because you feel like you've walked into a Kafka novel. Three terms come to mind specifically: vintage, artisan, and chic.Though it was difficult to reserve for a party of 20 ahead of time, I came early and was greeted by Jennifer (the events coordinator). She worked to secure a location for my large group and was able to comfortably accommodate us! Though I realize for some the difficult scheduling may be reason to downgrade a place, I feel that they more than made up for that in my mind. Throughout the night, we had staff coming over to take orders, meanwhile the bar staff continued to make incredible cocktails. Looking at either of their menus, food or cocktails, you will want to try everything. Luckily, this hidden gem is always a fun time, so give yourself a reason to come back. I definitely recommend Kolo Klub to anyone who wants to have a great time in a place that sets itself apart from other lounges/bars in Hoboken. Overall, a great place!
<review# 574,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/29/2013,4/19/2013,189,210,9,15,15>Have any of you heard of Levain Bakery?  It is legendary and located on the UWS  in NYC.  In September, I had the most amazing cookie there.  I still think about it.Have any of you heard of Sook Pastry?  It will be legendary and is located right in Bergen County in Ridgewood. In January, I had the most amazing cookie there.  I still think about it.  It was better than Levain.The dark chocolate walnut cookie was simply mind blowingly amazing.  Excellent dark chocolate, ridiculously dense, rich and chocolately without being bitter.  The exterior was crispy while the interior was moist and studded with walnuts. My only mistake was only buying one cookie because my husband kept asking me for more bites.  I  love the man, but sometimes sharing really sucks.  I also purchased an almond croissant and I just can't believe there is any bakery that makes a better almond croissant in this galaxy.  I am just so enamored with the baked goods at Sook and am beyond friggin thrilled that they are so close in Ridgewood.  For some reason, I was thrown by the name: Sook Pastry.  I thought it was an Asian style bakery.  The pastry chef/owner is Korean and trained at  Payard Patisserie on the UES.  This is a French bakery!   I should mention this is a small cafe that has about 15 seats and makes crepes, so I will be heading back and updating this review in the future.      But right now, I am just doing cartwheels that I discovered this gem.  Who needs Manhattan for high end pastry chefs?  Evidently, not Northern NJ  : )
<review# 575,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/7/2012,4/18/2013,195,235,17,24,18>Sandwiches worthy of being kissed? You bet your hiney they are!  Michael's has been around forever and with good reason. It is a family-run establishment and they have maintained their quality from generation to generation. Superior ingredients, fresh produce, and the best bread in the county...consistent excellence. Some other delis in the area use sarcasm and douchiness as their claim to fame, but frankly I am over that. And I am over their rock-hard Italian bread...and the way they lose our order at lunchtime. Michael's does not partake in such shenanigans and we love them for it!  Whether you're looking for a kick-ass sandwich, some freshly prepared food to take home for dinner, or something to pass off as your own cooking (I don't judge) then give Michael's a try.
<review# 576,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/20/2013,4/17/2013,107,211,2,9,4>I've been here twice in one week, once for breakfast and once for lunch.  So yeah, I like it here.    For breakfast I ordered the egg sandwich with cheddar and a coffee.  The coffee is Stumptown which is probably some of the best coffee you can get in the area.  The egg sandwich was huge and the ciabatta it was served on was absolutely delicious.  In fact I bought some ciabatta to take home that night to make our own grilled cheese sandwiches.For lunch I ordered the apple baguette and my husband got the grilled cheese.  Both sandwiches were phenomenal but I think I have to give the advantage to the grilled cheese.  If (when) I go back, that's what I'll be ordering.  It did take a little while to get our sandwiches but at least you know they're made to order.  It's also great that there's free parking in back - much better than in Westfield where you almost always have to pay to park.
<review# 577,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/17/2013,4/16/2013,9,44,3,14,9>This place is amazing.  What a find by Guy on DDD.  No surprise Guy is such good friends with the owner.  The food is fresh, the atmosphere is fun and casual, and the prices are extremely reasonable for the quality and quantity you get.  I'm blown away people gave this place less than 5 stars for silly reasons such as their credit card machine being down or the sandwiches are too messy. I recently went here with my gf during the Saturday lunch-hour rush.  The place was busy, but we got a seat in 15mins.  Our meal started with bruschetta with pesto and mozz.  Super tasty, the basil was crisp and fresh.  Extremely pleased.   I had the sacred-swine, which is always a winner.  Delicious with a lovely contrast of flavors and textures.  The surprise of the meal was my gf's rigatoni with sausage and meatballs.   Someone in your party MUST get this when you go. It's just so damn good. To top off our delicious meal, the owner came by (as he was making his usual rounds), chatted for a while, and ended up giving us 2 meatball parm subs to go for FREE. AMAZING. What a nice guy.  He really does care about the quality of his food.  We were talking about how being on DDD is both a blessing and  a curse, because quality of the food can really suffer now that he's so busy.  But he made it clear that he won't cut corners and risk the quality of his product.  What a delicious place!
<review# 578,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/10/2012,4/15/2013,242,2016,5,6,4>The cheese slice is perfect.  The only problem is the price.  At $2.40, you can get 2 slices at Pizzatown (Elmwood Park) or a Turtle's (Lodi).  But pricing shouldn't deter you from making a visit.As you know, the residents of Fort Lee are of a higher tax bracket and can afford to put their proverbial money where their mouth is.  But if you're just a guy from Hackensack looking for the best slice of pizza in Bergen County, then a one-time excursion is never out of the question.The ambiance definitely screams late 60s/early 70s with the "newest" thing being a refrigerated cooler stocked with Snapple and Stewart's drinks.  Street parking is tough, but there is a parking lot across the street available exclusively for Fort Lee Pizzeria customers.Just remember to look both ways...
<review# 579,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/25/2013,4/14/2013,51,126,,5,5>I've been volunteering at the Liberty Humane Society for 3 months now and I am constantly impressed by the dedication and compassion of everyone there I meet.  LHS has been running adoption specials during the month of February lowering the price to just $14 for all adoption fees for cats and dogs.  They have had over 100 adoptions this month and due to this success plan to run adoption specials again throughout the year.  If you're in the neighborhood this is an amazing place to volunteer.  Working with the dogs there has been really rewarding in my experience.  You can just come in anytime during the volunteer hours to walk dogs.  You can stay as long or as short as you would like, and only have to walk dogs you are comfortable walking.  The first training is about an hour long, and then you are all set to start walking the easier dogs to handle on your own.  They have a good system of rating dogs on how easy to hard they can be to walk.  So you don't have to worry about taking a dog that pulls a lot out at first.  They have a computerized system that makes it very easy to see what dogs need to be walked and allows volunteers to sign dogs out, which is usually pretty up to date.  Sometimes it can be very hectic inside, but it is easy to get in and out as a volunteer and the staff are happy to help.  LHS is also a lot of fun to follow on Facebook, they post a lot of photos so you can follow when new animals come in and when other animals are adopted.  Most of the dogs are bigger breeds, they always have a lot of pit bulls.  Pit bulls get a bad reputation but I can say from personal experience of working with the dogs there and owning a pit bull myself that they are absolute sweethearts!
<review# 580,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/25/2013,4/13/2013,219,355,1,8,4>Would never have guessed that such a cute little sushi bistro existed here.  Came here for a business lunch and was very pleasantly surprised.  The decor was Contemporary Asian and the view is spectacular.  Ordered a lot of sushi:  unagi, salmon and ikura a la carte and spicy salmon, Mexican and Lobster rolls.  My favorite was the Lobster roll and ikura.  My companion had the green tea mochi for dessert but frankly, I was too stuffed to even consider.  After eating, I discovered too late that there are a few Korean dishes on the menu.  I will try that next.Service was wonderful.  We were greeted politely and seated very quickly.  Our waiter was very attentive and nice. I was intrigued by the conveyer belt at the sushi bar and might sit there next time.  So happy I live down the street from here!  I'm coming back.
<review# 581,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/3/2013,4/12/2013,182,493,7,6,4>My parents used to go to Rod's back in the 70's and 80's for dinner and dancing. You know, that vintage type dancing where bell bottoms were as cool as grindin' on your girls ass. Not sarcastic. Grindin is the coolest. Why not bring back those memories for my Mom's birthday dinner.Located within the Madison Inn, Rod's Steak & Seafood is a big spot where ceremonies happen only a few feet away and a less expensive tavern features burgers and beer in the next hall. However, that is not what is to be expected at Rod's. Steaks. Big dawg steaks. NYC steaks. NYC prices. NYC clientele? Nah. The decor is rich. HUGE chandelier with a stain glass ceiling as well as magnum Moet champagne bottle all over the dining room. Rod is basically trying to tell you, 'I'm the shit around these parts, look at these already popped bottles.'The service is ideal. Table side stuff happens. They slice you some steak. They cook up some desserts with bananas. They make different hot coffees while burning the shit out of the glass and spoon. Cool stuff. You don't normally see this stuff so for the money you're spending on dinner, it's nice to see a little entertainment. The wait staff is attentive to say the least. I took a drink out of my water glass, that guy was making it full before it touched the table. Otherwise, they know how to keep their distance while still being there for any concerns.The food is delicious. After a bottle of wine, we ordered Crab Bisque and the Pear & Blue Cheese salad. It was one of the best salads I have ever had. Walnuts, Blue Cheese, Pears, very sweet Balsamic Vinegar which was perfectly dressed over a field of mixed greens. My mother and I split the salad for $11 and it was the perfect amount for each of us. Definitely recommend doing the same.Of course we ordered steaks. After my Dad and I split the 40oz T-bone with three sides (some special for the night), my mom was unfortunately disappointed when they did not have anymore Prime Rib for the night. She ordered the Blackened steak which was delicious. Also, my Dad was looking for some grilled asparagus, but again, they were out of it for the night. When it all came out, with a little table side cutting, it went down smoothly and deliciously. So good.For a heftly price tag, Rod's does a great job to make you feel like a king. I thought I was a big dog all night as I sat in the corner booth looking at everyone as if I'm the boss of the room. Too bad I didn't even drop a dime.Downfalls? They ran out of the Prime Rib and Grilled Asparagus. Saturday night at 8:00p.m. That can't happen. Since everything else blew me away, the stars stay at five. We will be back, but obviously not until another special occasion, however if you got the bucks, definitely recommend going for some dinner and dancing.
<review# 582,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/28/2012,4/11/2013,266,172,4,7,6>I need a wheelbarrow.  Why you ask?  Because that's what happens when you eat at this place.  You have to be carried out in a wheelbarrow!  This place is Futo Maki amazing.  For $19.95 on weekdays and $21.95 on weekends you can fill yourself with an endless supply of mercury...oops I meant to say sushi.  This place cannot compete with other sushi restaurant in terms of top of the line quality.  I mean you have to remember that you're paying $20 bucks to stuff your face silly so they're not gonna get the same quality fish as Sushi Yasuda, however it doesn't mean that the selection is terrible.  On the contrary everything they serve is pretty amazing.  I ALWAYS start my meal with the spicy seaweed salad with shrimp tempura.   That just starts tickling the taste buds right away.  Then we add more apps like BBQ squid, shomai, teriyaki snapper and now we're talking.  Then for my sushi and sashimi I go with some yellowtail, spicy salmon, red clam, octopus, and the VOLCANO ROLL! That last item is an explosion of flavors in your mouth.  Tuna, salmon, avocado, and then deep fried--yeah that's right it's slap-yourself-goodness!  So to my fellow Yelpers who are hesitant to try this place, read the reviews. Decide for yourself, or better yet take my advice, stop by and eat to your heart's content.  Then just contact me and I'll let you borrow my wheelbarrow when you're ready to go home.  It's just good karma.
<review# 583,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/10/2013,4/10/2013,152,123,5,11,7>Stopped in with my boyfriend and a group of friends on a Saturday night after reading all the excellent reviews..the place was PACKED. Chic, modern exterior with a lively yet cozy, indoor atmosphere.Not realizing it was BYOB beforehand, we asked where the nearest liquor store would be, and before we could even decide on what to run out and get, the owner brought us out a bottle of wine, on the house. How incredibly sweet!!Our group ended up ordering the parrilla mix for two (HUGE pieces of a variety of different cuts of pork, chicken and steak all grilled to perfection), penne a la vodka with steak, gnocchi with vodka sauce, skirt steak, and a side of fries. The servings are incredibly generous and quickly landed all of us in a major food coma. We even had a large amount of food left over for us to take home.Bellies full and wine glasses empty, we finished the night with some fantastic tartufo and flan. So yummy!!Very reasonable prices, mouthwatering food, and I don't think there's a single place in Bergen County that offers such genuine and attentive service. We will definitely be back soon!
<review# 584,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/12/2013,4/9/2013,168,267,7,5,2>I am so in love with Kraverie.When the Lucinda burrito truck moved on, I was sad.When they came back as the Lucinda crepe cart, I was happy again.Then, I started seeing the neon green Krave truck around the same territory, and that was fun too.And then they vanished and I was sad again.But LO!  The good food lord came down, and spoke unto his people, and he said: two of the neighborhood's favorite street food vendors have combined efforts to open a storefront!  And all was right with the world.You'll find a split menu here - left side korean joy, right side varied sweet and savory crepes.  The fruit of the union is right at the bottom center - the Korean crepe.  It's delicious.  I personally have a weakness for the Seoul cheesesteak, it's everything I want in the world, but I'd send first timers to try the Korean crepe.  Well, that, and one of everything else on the menu, too.  Bring some friends and try it all.  I've never been disappointed.Important note: BYOB, so snag a six pack on the way.
<review# 585,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/19/2013,4/8/2013,14,492,7,10,6>Only a handful of old fashioned Italian-American restaurants exist in Hudson County, yet only Case Dante pulls it off perfectly.  You're first greeted with valet parking as you pull off Newark Ave.  You walk into Case Dante and view the first room, complete with a bar full of Mafia members - just kidding, they're in the second room.  Coat check for your wife's fur coat and onto the waiting area.  While you never wait, it's fun to see how many times you can spot Jersey City's often drunk Mayor Healy in the celebrity pictures on the wall. Grab yourself a drink at the bar, perhaps if you are waiting, but otherwise I recommend going into the second room (that is, the main room) for dining.  Upon entering the main room, scan and see if you can find a union boss or mafia member, or maybe a local politician.  They're all there.  Romantic and private with just the right old school ambiance, the main room is a throw back to a different era that was thought to last forever.  Casa Dante keeps it alive.Waiters in tuxedos know everything on the menu and keep you comfortable all night long with all the standard Italian-American hospitality you would expect.  Wine is superb and the food as well.  So fresh, so good, so delightful, so perfect.  Come for the food, stay for the environment and leave feeling like a mafia member that just paid for everyone with cash.  Feels good, doesn't it?
<review# 586,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/4/2012,4/7/2013,90,153,3,3,3>I live approximately 35 seconds from P J Ryan's but never really gave it much thought until this past week.  I had been a few times previously, but only while awaiting a table at Thirty Acres.  I'm just not that into casual bars.  However, I spent a little more time there when I found myself locked out of my apartment on a rainy afternoon.  I was there during happy hour.  The wine that is offered as the happy hour special, but at $4, I didn't mind too much.  My bartender was really sweet.  She talked me into trying the wasabi dipping sauce that I was hesitant about.  I freaking love spicy foods, but root based heat (wasabi/horseradish) just isn't my thing.  This sauce was pretty awesome and was a great accompaniment to the fried banana peppers it was served with.  The peppers themselves are tempura battered, so they aren't particularly greasy. I ate nearly all of them while waiting for my fiancé to come with the house keys.  I have also tasted the nachos and caprese salad there and recommend both of them.The beer selection was surprisingly good.  I was excited to see a Great Divide that I haven't tried yet.  Their cocktail menu, too, wasn't standard boring bar issue.  The one that piqued my interest had tequila, lime juice, and ginger beer.For HIMYM fans, I think my fiancé nailed it when he said, "this could be our McLarens."  It totally could.  I noticed a couple of regulars being greeted warmly as they entered.  Maybe that will be us soon.
<review# 587,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/22/2012,4/6/2013,475,804,7,10,6>German quark balls in my mouth are amazing! I love Quark balls! Hehehe.  Sorry, but I had to get that off my chest!  I am a huge fan of fried bread in general: Donuts, Zeppoles, Trini Floats, churros.  I haven't met a piece of fried bread I didn't like, and Quarks are no exception.  Quark balls are amazing circles of fried bread/donuts with a somewhat sweet glaze.  Not very sweet at all, and the balls themselves are perfect, moist, and fluffy on the inside.  Five stars for the Quark.On to the rest of the offerings, I had a slice of the Behive Cake (Light sweet yeast dough filled with a fluffy vanilla custard & cream. The caramelized almond topping) which was amazing!  The almond honey topping is kind of like a brittle and nicely compliments the yummy cream filling.  Not too sweet with great flavors.  My friend had the cinnamon roll which was good, but nothing mind blowing.  The drip coffee was strong and I had a double espresso which wasn't very good.  Service was friendly but fell a little short.  The inside of the café is a little small and claustrophobic, but there are a few tables outside.I will definitely be back.  My advice is try the over-the-top looking stuff and leave the apple turnovers and cinnamon rolls to someone else.
<review# 588,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/12/2013,4/5/2013,5,27,,6,3>My wife and I hadn't been here since right after it opened, and we were pleasantly surprised to see that the dining area had been completed with comfortable seating, and that the menu had been upgraded to include a lot more sit-down-style items.We had an enchilada and the hangar steak with sausage, and with the size of the entrees, elected to skip the freshly-made guac. My hangar steak was exceptionally good, and the medium-rare order was done perfectly. The seasoning made for a very tender, incredibly savory steak, and there was a lot of it, too. The enchilada was good, but not great. It was hard to compare anything to how much I was loving my steak, but even with the spicy sauce ordered extra on the enchilada, it just didn't have any zing. The prices are very good for the quality and quantity of the food you get. Overall, I'm psyched to see the changes made here, and with it being walking distance from my house, we'll be back many more times.
<review# 589,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/16/2012,4/4/2013,299,312,10,11,9>Love my new find. I don't know why it has taken me so long to finally get inside this place but damn am I glad I did!This is the place that people call the Keyhole... hence the keyhole shaped windows. This place (at night) is an anomaly. I feel like I step into another universe when here. It smells like stale smoke, the crowd is eclectic (if I was sober I would say alarming?) and the music is ABSOLUTELY OFF THE CHAIN!!!The Jameson shots are like $3 and the PBR's are even cheaper. The only down side to this place is revealed when you try and stop in before 10. Rolon's doubles as an old timey Spanish dominos gambling hole (Awkward). The way I see it is that I call this place Rolon's during the early hours and refer to it as the Keyhole in the after hours.So go to the KEYHOLE!
<review# 590,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/25/2013,4/3/2013,205,249,1,16,5>James K. and I came here this past Saturday along with our couple friends. It was a cold and gloomy day so perfect to spend the day inside. We all got the Groupon deal which was admission for one person for $20 or admission for two people at $39, saving you a dollar. I thought this was a great deal since regular admission is $45 so it was over half off but it seems like between all the e- coupon and other discounts you can get, no one really pays full price.There is a shuttle that leaves from K town and it's free but only if you are going round trip on it. We decided to drive there and there was plenty of parking. There are two huge lots in front of the building. When we pulled into the parking lot, we didn't see any attendants so we just parked ourselves. As we were walking out, an attendant approached us and after a very confusing 5 minutes of him conversing in broken English, we figured out that we were supposed to wait for him to park the car and give us a number tag. Minor headache but heads up if you are driving there, wait for an attendant even if you don't see one in the parking lot. There was no wait for us to check in. Later on, when we were checking out at 7pm, there was a line of about 20 people that went out the door to check in. Apparently the 6:00 shuttle from the city on a Saturday gets very packed and when you come on a shuttle, you have to wait longer to check in as everyone is checking in all at once. After we checked in, we were on our own. There was no attendant to tell you which way to go, how things worked and there was no map of the place. This was James K. and my first time at a Korean spa but our friends had been to Spa Castle several times. That was an advantage because without them we would have had no idea what to do.After you check in, the girls locker room is to the right and girls should grab a towel and pj set before going in. The boys locker room is upstairs and boys can grab their towels and pj sets upstairs. I knew that there was supposed to be alot of nakedness in the locker rooms so I was a bit nervous but it was not bad at all. No one is staring at you and every one is just doing your own thing. There wasn't an attendant who really enforced the nakedness. My friend and I were able to walk around in our towels until we got into the bathing room. There were 2 bathing rooms for the girls and we found the one that wasn't as crowded. There are stand up showers, cold and hot jacuzzis and a wet sauna.  They have shampoo, conditioner and bar soap. I didn't like the bar soap and would have rather had a soap dispenser. They also have toothbrush and razors if you ask for it at the front desk. The place is about 3 floors or so but couldn't really tell because the layout was very confusing. It was not an open space but rather rooms leading into other rooms. There was a variety of dry sauna rooms, including an ice room and one that was 300 degrees or higher. The ice room wasn't cold enough. We estimated that it was about 55 degrees in there and after going into the 300 degree sauna, we all wanted something much colder. The 300 degree sauna was an interesting experience. You have to drape these fire protective blankets on you before you go in that look like burlap sacks. We were able to last about 2-3 minutes in there before it really got uncomfortable. The entire time I was just thinking about I cook my chicken and meat at about the same temperature. Besides the saunas, there are areas to play chess and other games and lots of very comfy lounge chairs for naps. Food here was pretty decent and not too pricey. We tried the beef bibimbap, which came with side dishes and a sea weed soup for $12 and the red bean shaved ice for $6.Some other tips are:-Extra towels are $1 each. -Girls, keep your hair up while sitting in the jacuzzi to avoid getting chastised by the attendants. Overall, loved my experience here and would definitely come back!
<review# 591,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/5/2013,4/1/2013,137,143,1,7,5>While driving to my favorite pizzeria pizzatown USA on Route 46 approx three weeks ago from writing this, first week of December I had noticed Travato's on the east side of 46 had changed their signs to Fratelli's. What caught my eye was the "coal fired pizza" part. Which provoked me to put in a phone call for a take out order. The first of many since they have opened.That weekend as I did last night, I had a craving for some really good pizza and wings, and I gave Fratelli's a shot.I ordered coal fired wings with peppers and onions, very reminiscent to the wings served at Anthony's Coal Pizza located in Clifton and Edison.And ordered a large Margarita pie. The interior has been renovated with the addition of a coal fire oven behind the bar facing the dining room.Upon getting to the establishment approx 15 mins after placing my order,  I was greeted by a very nice hostess who had the pizza ready and the wings had just come out.They Rung me up which came out to $20 and change.5 minutes later I was home and sharing a pie and wings with family.The first thing I noticed upon opening the pizza box was the thickness of the pie or should I say lack of. A major plus in my book being a lover of thin crust pie.The crust had a special consistency to it, the kind that is only achievable from the extreme high heat from cooking in a wood or coal oven. The crust had a remarkable chewiness to it yet the slice was crisp and not floppy one bit.The aromas that rose to my nose were a mix of fresh tomatoes, mozzarella and herbs first rose with the aroma of wonderfully fresh cooked bread with a hint of smokiness bringing it full circle.The flavors of the pie were spot on to the aroma that rose off it.The smokiness from the pie were one of the first things that came through. The pie was crispy and kept its form not droopy and soggy like so many wood and coal fired pies (Brooklyn's, Amano, Apizz, etc) (all great pies by the way but they just never seem to ever be crispy) as it was picked up I noticed how it stood erect without ever drooping over like an over relaxed slouch.The flavor is very good from the quality dough, which imparts a nice crispness on the outside and a great contrast in texture with chewiness in the center. To the very good quality fresh mozzarella to the tart and sweet fresh San Marzano sauce not drowning the pizza.Overall this is killer coal oven pizza And highly recommended!!
<review# 592,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/12/2013,3/31/2013,216,199,6,5,5>Mad Props To Tops!When I first moved to North Jersey, everyone and their mother, grandmother, cousin and step-cousin, told me that I absolutely needed to check out Tops Diner. Anytime I would ask for suggestions for a place to eat, the conversation would typically go a little something like this; Q: "Where do I go to get a good (Insert food here)"?A:"Tops"Why Tops?:-Parking: Private Lot available. If the lot is full, you can usually find street parking close to the restaurant. -HUMONGOUS Menu: The menu is 22 pages - IS THIS REAL LIFE? 1 page devoted to Pancakes & Belgian Waffles, 2 pages devoted to deserts and 3 pages devoted to All Day Breakfast etc. -Healthy Options: 1 page of the menu is devoted to large salads (yay), a small variety of low carb cheesecakes, fruit desserts, sugar-free apple pie, wraps, and a low carb section is listed on the menu. Turkey - tuna - & veggie burgers available and more! -All Day Breakfast-Variety: This is a place where EVERYONE can find something that they like on the menu. Tops is the perfect place for picky eaters, health nuts, vegetarians, dieters, and those ready to eat so much that they belly flop out of Tops etc.-Location: Within walking distance (approx. 1 mi. or under) from The Red Bulls Arena, Newark Penn, Broad St. Station,  Rutgers-Newark and NJIT campuses. -Tasty: The food at Tops is great! The food will satisfy your stomach and your taste buds, but it won't blow you away.  The taste is average and somewhat comparable to iHop or Denny's but slightly better. -Open seven days a week. Open until 1AM M-Th, Sun and 4AM Fri-Sat. The best time to eat at Tops - ANYTIME! I suggest sticking with the classics. Such as, Breakfast items, Fried Favorites (French fries, chicken etc.), Burgers, Sandwiches and Desserts.
<review# 593,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/7/2013,3/30/2013,45,157,5,7,6>If you're not interested in reading my full review, I'll save the hassle, GO HERE!! Right on the waterfront, this location is absolutely gorgeous. If you can get a seat by the window, it's totally worth it, grand view of the city. The atmosphere of the restaurant was amazing. Tall ceilings, elegant linens and modestly spaced tables made the place feel very warm, trendy and open. The live band which consisted of a guitar player, percussionist and flutist was out of this world good. The music made my mother in law want to get out of her seat and start dancing the night away. So far so good, and we haven't even gotten to the food. So let's get there. Want something amazing? Get the grilled octopus, in fact get two. I've never had better octopus anywhere, and I order it wherever it's available on the menu. The taste was not just perfect, the texture was like nothing I've had before. Moving on to the soup, I couldn't have been happier. Very creative seasoning left me with nothing left in the bowl. So much so, I was too full to finish my entree. Everyone at the table enjoyed every bite. The only reason I'm giving this place four stars and not five is this. During the meal I got up the use the restroom. At that time the staff (all females) were having some kind of staff meeting. But the staff meeting was taking place in the hallway (and I use the term hallway loosely) next to the mens room... directly next to the mens room. Why not in the kitchen? Or a private room... just strange and slightly awkward. Overall, I would absolutely visit here again!!
<review# 594,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/11/2013,3/29/2013,236,245,6,10,9>When it comes to food, especially Asian food, my momma is a harsh critic. I'm of the personal opinion that she thinks that no one can make food like she can!  And it's kind of true, especially when it comes to sushi rice.  Ain't no one can touch my mom's sushi rice!At any rate, my parents were visiting us in JC and we wanted to take them out to celebrate some good happenings at work.  Seeing as how they eat 99% Japanese and Chinese food at home (1% pizza), I suggested all manner of ethnic restaurants: Portuguese/Brazilian, Mexican, Italian, and even gasp!  American. (My dad batted that one off right away.) Sorry, Hamilton Inn.  Next time.But when I mentioned that the owners of Nha Trang Place had opened a new Vietnamese restaurant, they both brightened immediately.  It's kind of a far walk, I ventured.  Are you sure you don't want to try something new? My husband needled.  No avail. Vietnamese it was!Luckily, New Thanh Hoai was a huge hit!  For 4 of us, we ordered the small spring rolls (came with 4), the seafood pan-fried crispy noodles, the tofu and mushrooms, and beef with tomatoes rice platter.  It came out looking like a RIDICULOUS amount of food, but somehow we finished it all.  My parents and I are not big people.  By that, I mean we're really pretty small people.  And Bald One is a pretty trim guy too.  Somehow we housed all of that food with no issues!The standout was the seafood pan-fried noodles, which is similar to a Chinese dish that we typically order, but had its own unique Vietnamese twist on it.  Very good.  Everything was pretty delicious, but I won't allow myself to expound on it in too much detail because all you need to know is that my mom loved it.The end.
<review# 595,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/28/2013,3/28/2013,440,673,5,15,8>4.5I was a big Epernay fan. And sadly, when they had closed back in September of 2012, I thought to myself, "Nooooooo, my favorite french bistro local spot is gone!" But as the story goes, or so I read on the website,  the original founder of Epernay comes back to and opens Fricassee. Voila! All is well with Montclair again! Came here last night for dinner hoping that this place would fill this empty void in my tummy and in my town, and heck did it deliver!DECOR: Hextile floors, photo stretched canvas art pieces. I personally thought it was a little tacky with all the Eiffel Tower pictures (there's two), but nonetheless, a breath fresh air. Clean walls, simple table settings, white linens. Functionality wise, the entryway to the dining hall was well improved. No more curtain door former Epernay goers, no more cold winter draft!SERVICE: Friendly, informative, formal, professional. Water glasses we refilled without asking. Our server, Anais, was really nice. Told us of the Wednesday special, Bouillabaisse, and immediately had to have it.FOOD: Completely impressed! Down to the whipped butter in the mini cast iron skillets! The BOUILLABAISSE was HUGE! Served on a cast iron skillet, it was a heaping pile of mussels, clams, prawns, calamari, lobster and salmon in a light tomato broth. Everything was fresh. My 1/2 lobster tail was a little overdone, however, it was only the lobster tail. When the bill came out I couldn't believe they charged me $28. I thought it was well in the $32-$35 range easily.My other half ordered the HANGER STEAK AU POIVRE and by the look of his face I knew he enjoyed it. I'm not a big steak eater and I thought it was cooked right on. I'm definitely not an an poivre person either, but it wasn't overbearingly pepper-y. Hanger steak with frites and haricot verts at $24: totally reasonable. And when that gravy sauce gets all over your frites, the Jerseyan comes out of you! Stick those gravy frites in the mustard seed mayo dip and you've already sold your soul to Fricassée.For dessert, my bf and I shared the CHOCOLATE MOUSSE. Holy chocolate. For $6.00 they give you a generous amount of mousse topped with an even more generous amount of fresh whipped cream. Easily big enough to share. And delicious.This place has only been open for two weeks so I know there are some things that still needs to be figured out. My only advice to them right now is that there are no prices for the dessert on the menu, and the special of the day listed on the chalkboard in the foyer has no price mentioned on it either. I will say this a graphic designer and Montclair resident: #1.Thumbs up for putting your logo on the brown paper doggie bag. #2 Thank you for using a brown paper recyclable bag.As a former Epernay fan (post Mark Papera era), I am even a bigger fan of Fricassée.
<review# 596,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/28/2012,3/26/2013,54,337,3,3,6>I came here during a lunch break once just to check it out. I had always thought that Jersey City didn't have a comic book shop and was surprised by the notion. I was also wrong about that!Place is small, but it's packed with awesomeness. I had actually heard of this place waaaaay before coming here...it was a location to pick up Comic Con passes a few years prior and my friend wanted me to go with her to pick them up, but I couldn't.But I digress.If you love comics and live in the area, there's no reason not to come here. It's totally chill and if you DON'T read comic books, but would like to, the staff is ridiculously knowledgeable and can point you in the right direction if you tell them 3 things about yourself.Do you like zombies, action and drama? Walking Dead.Etc., etc., etc.I wanted a random graphic novel to read, they recommended one I had grabbed haphazardly and I finished it in a day. I swear, every book in there has been read by at least one employee.The only way this place couldn't be of use to a new/avid comic book/graphic novel reader is if that new/avid reader is completely blind.But then there's audio books.Can't stop the FJB! Kinda like an FMJ.
<review# 597,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/14/2012,3/25/2013,135,103,2,3,5>Came here last night for a work dinner with my CEO and two of my doctors, at the suggestion of one of my doctors who is a regular here.  I found Lithos to be very nicely done.  Spacious, classy, and obviously newly renovated.  For a Thursday night, I felt it was quite empty, but the location is sort of awkward, standing alone right off of Eisenhower parkway.There is a spot in the main dining area where fresh fish are kept on ice, and you are able to choose one as your meal.  Our server was very helpful and knowledgable, pointing out each fish, describing its taste, and informing us of the price.  Being the only female at the table, I felt like a baby, but called him over and asked if the fish came with the head.  He said yes, it usually does, but if I wanted the head and the tail cut off, they would certainly do that for me.  I told him the eyes freaked me out, and the doctor sitting to my right agreed.  So we shared a black bass----  EYES AND TAIL FREE.  It was very good-  not much of a fishy flavor.  Came with green vegetables which were also very enjoyable.As appetizers we shared the Greek Tomato salad, as well as the calamari wrapped around three cheeses.  I did not try the calamari, as it only came with Three pieces (there were four of us), and I wasn't the hugest fan of what it looked like... I'm not really into raw looking things.  But everyone else enjoyed it.  The tomato salad was delicious.  Although the restaurant was rather empty, the bar off to the side was more bumping.  Looked like a bit of a younger, professional crowd, and I would have liked to mingle a bit over there!  Prices here were sort of high for the area, but the atmosphere inside the restaurant, as well as the quality of the food sort of justified the prices.Four stars for an attentive wait staff, quality food, and good atmosphere. There is also an outdoor area that didn't seem to be open, but would have loved to sit out there. Location could be better.
<review# 598,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/19/2013,3/24/2013,115,202,5,7,8>The "TS" as we affectionately call it, is a kinda pricey diner that I've got on weekly, sometimes bi-weekly rotation.  We're treated like family here by the wait staff/hosts/owners alike so it's a lovely experience every time.  Nice clean, classy, nouveau diner atmosphere. Fresh ingredients in everything (Greek salad!!!  Homemade veggie burgers!!!), whimsical breakfast options for when you don't give a hoot about the calories (French toast napoleon!!!  Specialty omelettes with stuffings like prosciutto and avocado!!!), yummy homemade marinara sauce (mozzarella sticks!!!), ginormous desserts (chocolate chip cookies!!!), a "coffee bar" (cappuccinos with rock candy sticks!!!). Not to mention your standard diner fare like really good fries, solid breakfast, and yummy anything fried.My only complaints?  The regular coffee is disappointing and sometimes my take-out orders aren't 100% accurate.
<review# 599,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/28/2013,3/23/2013,248,246,4,7,6>Love! Anyone who lives in the area should try Best Dumplings at least once. My mom, of all people, kept telling me to come here, and she doesn't usually go out of her way to try new foods or restaurants. So I finally came here for lunch with my boyfriend, and we loved both the food and the experience. Plus: there's a parking lot!Best Dumplings is located in a small house on a side street in Englewood. They only have one table for dine-in, but it looks like they put some tables outside in the summer. It seems like most people do take-out or party/catering orders. Best Dumplings has a small but efficient menu with not only dumplings but also entrees like fried rice. I ordered a large vegetable (vegetarian not vegan due to egg) dumplings platter, and my boyfriend got a shrimp fried rice with dumplings on the side. My boyfriend's meal came with complimentary shrimp dumplings (the dumpling of the day), miso soup, and a small sampler with kimchi and other nibblings. The dumplings also come with their housemade dipping sauce.A few minutes into our meal, an elderly woman came out from the kitchen and nodded her head approvingly while standing next to us. She was staring at our plates and decided we needed more dipping sauce after some consideration. So she ordered one of her coworkers to bring more sauce! I love it.My dumplings were very flavorful, and my boyfriend couldn't stop raving about the freshness of the food. If you like dumplings, you can buy a frozen bag to go; apparently, this is my mom's new favorite thing. So if my mom says it's amazing, it's definitely worth a trip!
<review# 600,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/26/2013,3/22/2013,483,180,,11,7>After an extremely long wait during "brunch" at Raymond's this past Sunday, my friend Arthur D suggested we cross the street and check out Fresco instead. I was reluctant because as my reviews for Raymond's will prove I am a very loyal Raymond's fan. I am so glad he convinced me to cross (it was a hard sell).First off, when he suggested Fresco, I was confused because I am always on Church Street and I had not heard of it. The direction he was walking towards was Tosca, sure enough I look up and see a new sign and it says Fresco.Fresco had me at "welcome to Fresco", with is sultry red decor, uncrowded space, and hushed sounds, its Raymond's sexy nemesis. I asked our server the history behind  Fresco and she advised it was formerly Tosca, however its been under new management for two weeks and recently changed the name.Fresco like most restaurants in Montclair is BYOB. We brought a bottle of champagne and the server immediately fetched a glass bottle of OJ and two flutes. I ordered the Skirt Steak with kidney beans salad (which I replaced for a greens salad) and my friend had the waffle.My skirt steak was perfect, their Chimichurri sauce was delicious, however my green salad was super salty, the steak was so good that I did not care about the mishap with the salad.  My friend, well, he got a waffle. Nothing special, just a thick waffle with a little Nutella and a sliced strawberry ($14 ouch).We ordered dessert, my desert was soooo good, I forgot what he ordered (I think he was having an "off" dinning day). I ordered the chocolate cake. It was one layer of dark chocolate mousse, one layer of white chocolate mousse and one layer of moist chocolate cake. It was HEAVENLY., perfect end to a delicious meal.Servers were very attentive, but not intrusive and the ambiance was perfect. I'm definitely going back to try their lunch and dinner menus. Now I have two favorite restaurants on Church Street. The way I am going to decide from now on which restaurant on Church Street I will go to, I am going to keep Fresco as my grown up place and will keep Raymond's for when going out with the kids.
<review# 601,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/19/2012,3/21/2013,105,195,3,10,6>Yes I am a believer of this place. Finally a place to eat real good "ahjusshi style" sushi in Bergen county! Yea, you're going to have to pay for it when the bill comes out, but this place is be great for no frills, excellent sushi.We got the following:1 Omakase Sushi1 Omakase Sashimi1 Sashimi Regular2 Bowls of sushi rice2 slices of Toro sashimi.Omakase SushiThe uni looked delicious. Only came with one, so my friend had it.The squid was great with the carrot and the small piece of cilantro/leaf? in it. Greatly accentuating the flavors. Omakase SashimiHoly cow. 25 pieces of just pure goodness. Fatty Tuna/Toro and Yellowtail were the highlight of the meal. The clam was interesting--cold, hard, something different but still very good. The octopus was softer compared to the other sushi places I have been. The most interesting thing I have ever seen was the tobiko eggs pasted together with a seaweed in the middle. Strange looking, but good stuff!Sashimi RegularBiggest regret of the night. We weren't full from our orders so we ordered this. WHY?! Going from toro to tuna is like going from a Chimay to a Coors Light, like Tiger Woods going from Elin Nordegren to every cheap Hooter server out there. It's a no, leaving a bad taste in your mouth.Therefore, we ended up getting another order of Toro sashimi (It was $9 per slice that night) to cap off the night.Sushi Rice:Nothing memorable. Clean, but not vinegary enough to make it taste like "sushi rice". Bill came out to $170 (excluding tip). My generous friend paid for it. Truly grateful. Delicious. The table next to us managed to get a bill of $365.  It's truly mind boggling how they managed to do it since it was a family of 4, with 2 toddlers.Will come by again. Possibly doing a la carte of nothing but toro, yellowtail and some more toro.
<review# 602,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/20/2013,3/20/2013,298,330,7,13,12>I want to shout from the rooftops how utterly fantastic this place is! F A N T A S T I C!!!!!You could probably walk down the street every day and not realize what secret gems are hidden behind the glass door. This is an extremely high class second hand shop. I'm not sure how they do it, but they carefully select fantastic name brand items to stock their shelves. The style of the items is unique and timeless. Example: I bought a seemingly "brand new" pair of Joe's Jeans for $18! Be sure to "like" them on facebook... facebook.com/e.tittlemouBut be warned... It's very dangerous! They post photos of all of the items they get in, then you have to rush into the store to buy before someone else snatches them up! The husband and wife owners are so nice and friendly. They remember your name and treat you like a friend. Their son is cute too!E. Tittlemouse stands for their son's favorite book: Mrs. Tittlemouse, and the first initial of their son's first name. Love it!
<review# 603,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/16/2012,3/19/2013,397,687,14,16,13>I do NOT give out a five star rating to an ice cream place lightly.  This place topped a lunchtime gastronomic incident of epic proportions after discovering JJs Hot Dog Truck for the first time.  One of the guys on our little trek mentioned Nasto's Ice Cream and we didn't even think, it was like we were zombies looking for brains, we just got in the cars and drove...winding our way back through Newark we arrived at Nasto's with full bellies, but in major need of an ice cream fix.We walk in and are greeted by a gorgeous woman...I mean she could sell a ketchup popsicle to a bride in August she's so hot...and she was very pleasant and didn't give us the gas face when a couple of us asked to taste some flavors.   Anyway, I'm always picky about my ice cream-and I'm almost never TRULY happy with what I get...But that was before Nasto's.  I had a scoop of hazelnut and a scoop of white chocolate macadamia-probably more than I needed, but as I ate it I discovered it wasn't more than I wanted.  I thought I was going to explode when I finished...and I STILL would have eaten more if it was put in front of me.  Holy CRAP, this is good ice cream.Nasto's might be the best locally made ice cream I've had the privilege to eat...and I've eaten at a LOT of ice cream places.  Nasto's might be tough to find if you don't know your way around Newark, but it is well worth the adventure.
<review# 604,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/2/2013,3/18/2013,390,569,3,4,6>The Madison is a solid choice when it comes to dining in Hoboken. It's not so fancy that you're scared you'll break the bank, but the quality of the food is excellent and the crowd is amiable.I've ordered quite a variety of items off of their menu. One of my favorite menu items is the Warm Herbed Goat Cheese salad, probably because I love goat cheese! The rest of the salad is par for the course and can be ordered with chicken, steak, fish, or shrimp for a few extra bucks. I'm also a big fan of their French Onion soup, but beware... if you add it to your meal it will put you back $8, which seems a little steep to me. I've also ordered their MBG burger, which is undeniably excellent - flavorful and cooked just how you order it. The fries are also well worth the extra calories!I was lucky enough to visit during Hudson Restaurant Week for lunch and tried a few new items - I was blown away by the appetizer and dessert. I started with the Appalachian Nachos made of homemade potato chips with BBQ sauce, cheddar, monterey jack, and blue cheese crumbles. It sounds heavy - and it certainly wasn't "light" but the way everything is baked together it's more a smorgasbord of flavors and less of a heavy layered dish. For dessert I topped off my meal with the cinnamon gelato and I'm STILL day dreaming about it! Absolutely perfect. My main course was the shrimp BLT, which I had contemplated ordering on previous visits. It was good, but surrounded by the nachos and gelato it wasn't the strongest dish. If you missed Restaurant Week, The Madison regularly hosts an early dinner 3-course first-seating special menu for $18.12 each, plus the option to purchase a $15 bottle of wine to accompany your meal. The relatively decent price and the excellent food quality make The Madison an great choice for a flavorful meal!
<review# 605,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/14/2013,3/17/2013,112,637,3,7,5>This place reminds me of massage parlors in Chinatown. Mad skills but little luxury. The price is highly competitive as it is almost half the price of Message Envy and Regenesis. My room was clean, shut by nothing more than a curtain, the therapist was kind and professional. However, I overheard conversations between the receptionist and the customers, staff watching movies on their iPads...etc. When my 60 minute was up, she asked me if i'd want a head massage and if so how many minutes. My instant defenses were up as this felt like they were pushing services, but then i'm like "YES, I'D VERY MUCH LIKE AN AWESOME HEAD MESSAGE" and it was indeed. AWESOME.Bottom line: if you go in with the mindset that you are paying the cheapest price you can find in the area for quality massage or just to get the knot out of your shoulder - you won't be disappointed.
<review# 606,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/23/2013,3/16/2013,151,128,,10,4>I find it appropriate that my 100th review would be a tattoo shop. I have several tattoos and they all require me to think them through before I put needle to skin. This also requires knowing about the tattoo shop before you go there. Sorry to say Yelp but I had to go outside the our little community to find out about this place. A bunch of my fellow inked freaks all agreed that if they were gonna get tatted in JC this is the spot to go. I agree. Nice space, clean, with a little privacy for the clients. Don't really like shops where your sitting in the window where the public can see you. When I spoke with Steve (the manager) about what I wanted he was very cool with my idea and was able to ink me right then and there. My tat was about an hour's worth of work and the rate was really good. Gotta say I was impressed with the quality of work and service here. This is definitely a place I would go to again once a get another idea to put down.
<review# 607,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/26/2012,3/15/2013,1252,1131,5,6,9>Angelato's is indeed heavenly! Closest gift from God that I have had in some time. Their gelato selection is impressive. It makes it difficult to narrow it down to 1 or 2 flavors. You must go with The Dirt (Oreo pieces in a light chocolate cream). Their small cup can be loaded with 2 flavors. I had the apple/caramel flavor as well. The staff was young and very friendly. Definitely try as many flavors as you can...:-) They had sorbets for those trying to avoid gelato but then you must be a communist.  They serve small food items as well as coffee but go here for the gelato...ENJOY!
<review# 608,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/16/2012,3/14/2013,309,472,1,13,4>Review #100: The Hamilton Inn, my favorite brunch spot in Jersey City. So good that since the first time I tried the inn, I went there about 3 weeks in a row one month. This little gem is tucked away just off Hamilton Park and is the perfect place for a nice quiet brunch if you want to get away from the bustle of the Grove St. area spots. There is usually some parking within a block from this place, which is also a plus.  My review is based on the brunch. When we arrived, we were promptly greeted by the host/hostess. Asked whether we wanted to be seated outside/inside and they don't pressure you at all, totally open and laid back to what the customer wants. You don't have to wait very long to get menus once you're seated. You'll see someone almost right away, ready at your service. The waiters do a pretty good job at checking up on you, if you're food is good, need more drinks, etc.My favorite is the Classic steak and eggs for $17 which has a mouth-watering 8 oz grass fed hangar steak (cooked to your liking), 2 eggs any style, and served with home fries.  I ordered my steak rare (seared perfectly and super juicy) and eggs over easy (perfectly cooked and runny).  I also tried the Chiliaquiles for $14 which had eggs, tortillas, chorizo (served like a hamburger steak), queso fresco with pico de gallo.  What goes great with the brunch is the awesome drink specials, which includes bloody marys (can tailor your level of spicyness), screwdrivers (OJ + vodka), and greyhounds (Grapefruit juice + vodka) for $4 a piece. If you have room for dessert, I recommend the flourless chocolate cake with whipped cream for $8. Get an espresso or port wine to top it off and you're good to go. I've yet to try their dinner, but I'm sure it will not disappoint.
<review# 609,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/28/2012,3/13/2013,1550,325,,15,7>Wife and  I went for dinner recently and enjoyed our food.  The food is solid.  The setting is casual.  Our waiter was friendly and engaging.She began with a bowl of tortellini in brodo.  Great selection for a wintery snowy sleety rainy night.  She loved it.I began with the butternut squash  soup.  Nice version.Her main course was the Susan salad (chicken cutlet, mixed greens, red onions, roasted hot peppers, roasted corn, gorgonzola and tomatoes with balsamic dressing)  Her chicken cutlet looked really good.My main was the tacchino e avocado salad (roasted turkey, mixed greens, shredded mozzarella, tomatoes, avocado, sautéed mushrooms and roasted hot peppers with balsamic dressing)  Be warned that the roasted hot peppers are spicy hot!  If you are sensitive, I am not, definitely get them on the side!  It was a generous sized portion filled with fresh tasting ingredients.Also, had a side of the fried zucchini with tomato sauce.This place has a huge menu so there is something for everyone.   My quick count shows over 30 salads and probably over 50 panini.I think it is a great spot for a casual dinner or lunch.
<review# 610,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/13/2013,3/12/2013,143,445,3,8,11>Great Cafe in the weirdest location. You drive through a weird industrial area near the train tracks and there it is. It's a pretty big store, all sorts of imported good; beverages, meats, cheeses, pastas; Fresh baked bread, sfogliatella (?), brioche, and everything in between. The espresso is pretty good here too, not much crema, but still tasty.The wife ordered an egg and cheese sandwich, it comes on a small ciabatta roll, perfectly cooked eggs, awesome bread; I had a brioche, light and sweet, and an espresso.Would totally come here again at least to have a sandwich....and a coffee....and a brioche...and a chinotto....and maybe a cannoli.
<review# 611,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/17/2013,3/11/2013,365,507,10,11,11>Happy hour 5-8pm  is 50% off beer and soju.  and a handful of selected food.  I don't know why I have not been to this place before.  Bar in the front (plenty of seating)... quieter restaurant in the back.  This means 7.50 pitchers... 8 dollar sojus... and cheap (delicious) food.The padak sits in a big plate filled with an AMPLE amount of delicious white sauce and topped with a big pile of scallions,  Its fried to a nice golden brown and oh man its good....and the seafood soup has some real SPICE to it and is PACKED full of seafood.   ( shrimp, clams, muscles)With all that good stuff aside.  One of my favorite things about this place is the WAITER CHALLENGE!They give you two options for this challenge.MUG vs MUG or PITCHER vs PITCHER.MUG CHALLENGE!:  Pick any waiter or waitress you want.  ANY time.  of ANY day! Buy a pint of beer for them and yourself.  If you beat them in the chug you will get your picture taken and go up on the wall of fame.  After you are on the wall of fame you will receive one free beer every time you come here.  For the rest of your life!  If you lose... well... try try again?The  Pitcher challenge is the same as the mug challenge except that you need a 3 person team and you pick three waiters/waitresses to compete against.  Collectively finish the pitcher before the waiter team and you go on the wall of fame.Enough said... this is a great Korean happy hour spot.TIP: The menu is in Korean only, and the  happy hour and beer challenge is only available in the bar area.
<review# 612,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/26/2013,3/10/2013,76,128,3,6,6>We have been living in downtown JC for a little over a year and we FINALLY made it to Journal Sq for some good Indian food for brunch. We technically missed the brunch buffet (which sounds like an impossibly great deal at $7.99 but it closes at 11am). Anyway, the spot was full of incense smoke but also full of my fellow Indians, which made me feel that the place looked promising enough! Suffice it to say, we did not leave disappointed! We shared the cut mirchi (red chilli pepper fritters cut up and tossed with spiced onions and cilantro, served with mint and tamarind chutneys), onion and chilli utthapam and vegan thali. We were in South Indian foodie heaven - seriously! They had me at the mirch fritters - you could tell this was the real deal because our eyes and nose were runny through the meal. That's true South Indian food right there - no watered down stuff for wimps! One last thing - we managed to only finish half of our food - I mean, this place served humongous portions! I still can't believe the price point for what you get!
<review# 613,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/5/2012,3/9/2013,87,93,3,7,4>Brought to you by the same owner of Sawadee, Sky Thai, MORE, Box is the eclectic serve you anything-and-everything-you-want sister restaurant that has pretty much everything on the other menus.... for a bit cheaper. The head chef was replaced a couple of months ago, I don't know exactly when, but when I ordered from this place recently, it was drastically better than the last time I sat down for a meal there.Something I have trouble getting in Jersey is Ha Moon Mei Fun, something that has a special place in my stomach. I can eat almost infinite quantities of it. Its a rice noodle dish (think vermicelli noodle) with a lot more things mixed into it than other versions I've had in Chinatown. This dish has chicken, shrimp, shreds of pickled vegetable, and more. It has a great balance of salty, sweet, and sour that makes for a satisfying mouthful each time you dig in.We also got some sushi rolls too, and the quality of the rolls surprised me. They were sizable and fresh, and they didn't skimp on the fillings.I'm going to be a repeat customer and will work this into my normal rotation.
<review# 614,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/26/2012,3/8/2013,285,181,,7,8>My local stop for the best, this tiny store has character and style. The husband and wife team at the Summit Cheese Shop demonstrate their passion & understanding for cheese, charcuterie and all the necessary accoutrements while being attentive and  caring for each customer. When they serve you they will address your every need and send you on your way with knowledge and understanding, because they know their products.  When you return they will recognize you and greet you with smiles. They will carefully label each cheese and package it properly. Recently I tried their  almonds, baguettes and olive oil, all incredibly delicious as was the awesome boar sausage. Expect to spend a wee bit more but rest assured your money is well spent in a local establishment, on the best quality products with excellent guidance to develop your tastes.Paul and Pam come with knowledge of cheese and a long history of great service. Also great daily sandwiches. My Christmas guests raved over the creamy Gorgonzola, the aged Gouda, the Cravanzina, the Comte and the marchegal. When you want to serve a special arraignment of cheeses and want it to satisfy every guest Summit Cheese shop makes it easy.
<review# 615,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/18/2012,3/7/2013,262,408,3,3,5>When we were looking to buy our new home and I suggested Jersey City my husband was definitely on board to check it out as he had looked into moving here about ten years ago and thought it was worth looking into but I was definitely the one more enthusiastic about it.Until the day we got off the Path to meet with a realtor and happened upon Creative Grove.At any given time there are at least ten vendors and sometimes many more than that selling all kinds of interesting wares.There is the guy that sells hand bound journals.The artist that sells handmade hats and hair accessories. The one that sells bags made of clothing. Or the one who makes jewelry out of old time pieces and the colored lights from traffic lights. Iris records almost always has a booth so you can go crating and find that elusive lp for your collection. Painters, T-shirt graphic artists,you name it there is an artist creating something from it and selling it here. All the while you're wandering around there is a DJ spinning tunes, giant hand chairs for you to sit in and even some food vendors so you can snack after shopping.That first day we strolled around Grove, came back and spent quite awhile enjoying all it had to offer. I've gone back almost every week since.After Hurricane Sandy it feels even more special to wander the square,buy a little something,sit in those giant orange hand chairs and enjoy the afternoon.
<review# 616,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/24/2012,3/6/2013,158,211,2,10,8>Love crossing off another restaurant on my list to try in the Ironbound, especially when it's great! Just a note that this is a review of the formal restaurant, not the adjacent diner style one. I need to start off with the decor. This restaurant  is very spacious and beautiful. The Christmas decorations this time of year just makes it even more charming.  I think they successfully mimic a courtyard in Europe, the feeling of sitting beside stone walls and even next to a street lamp. In the back kitchen area there's an overhang of Portuguese red clay/ceramic roof tiles. The portions like many of the restaurants in this neighborhood are grand. Our party was 11 in total. They start you off with olives and bread with a ricotta style cheese (not sure).  We ordered a few appetizers. The shrimp in garlic was fantastic. We also had a delicious calamari, soft, super fresh in a nice light batter. Oysters were good, too. Their chorizo is delicious and, of course. flambéed in front of us (see picture). I'm a fan of Spanish over Portuguese, but I very very much enjoyed this one. For dinner, I had one of the evening's specials. The grilled steak. When I said the portions were huge, I was NOT kidding. My plate had a mountain of steaks. When I say mountain, I mean 4 semi-thick cut pieces (duh). The flavor was above average, although the first cut was way more well than I would have liked, and the second one I put a dent in, medium rare to my request and more tasty. My co-worker sitting next to me had the lamb chops and they were exquisite, especially the gravy. I like how all your sides are communal (sliced fried potatoes, Portuguese yellow rice, and red beans)  so we're passing around food between everyone while each of us still has our own main dishes.  Everything else was tasty. I had a caipirinha which was definitely up to par! Service was decent. They don't come check on you that much and kinda have to fish for attention, but that's consistent with other restaurants here. You're sitting a courtyard in Europe. What do ya want?!Can't wait to come here again!
<review# 617,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/13/2012,3/5/2013,980,498,5,8,6>Great addition to Hamilton Park!The restaurant makes it very difficult to decide what to order. Old, mouthwatering favorites like meatballs, lasagna & chicken parm mixed among fantastic lamb chop and steak specials. The chicken parm is one of the best (if not the best) I've ever had. The cutlet was perfect, and unlike a lot of parmesan recipes...this one was not incredibly heavy. The meatballs were delicious...although I wish there were more, and I think for price there should have been. Everything that came out around us looked delicious, and we found ourselves saying, "We'll have to come back to try that."The service was friendly, but they were falling over each other a bit. I chalk that up to growing pains, and it didn't ruin the meal in any way shape of form. You just may get greeted more than once, or asked if you need a drink right after you ordered one. There are certainly worse things that could happen.The restaurant itself is very quaint, and boasts a relaxed bar area. I could see coming in here by myself to have a bite, and a couple drinks. They also have some seating outside which is a great locale on nice night.If you haven't gotten over there yet, put it on the short list to do so.
<review# 618,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/9/2013,3/4/2013,152,161,2,8,3>I have been coming to Anthony's since it opened, I am shocked and appalled at the time it took me to write a review but I digress. Service is always attentive and knowledgeable without being over bearing which is a huge plus in my book.  They will ask you if it's your first time and explain what they are all about or say welcome back.  The menu is selection is small, however I have ordered about  half of the items on it and have never been disappointed.  I would rather a restaurant that does 15 things well as opposed to 45 mediocre plates.  The grilled chicken wings are a must for all you wing lovers.   They have a nice crunch without that greasy texture.  For dinner it has to be pizza. This is thin crust, well done, coal oven style and if that's not your thing take your business elsewhere.   The pizza has a great crunch and taste and it is warm throughout.  You can order one of their specialties or make your own, however watch the toppings because they can add up. The bar offers beer, wine by the glass and bottle, and all the liquor you could desire.  They have great specials on Mondays for the beer drinkers and $5 dollar martinis on Wednesdays all night long.  Can't really beat that. The only thing that doesn't get them a 5 star rating is the front end.  The area to wait for your name to be called is nearly non existent. Their is an enclosed hallway next door where you can wait and watch people eat but it just always makes me feel awkward.
<review# 619,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/3/2013,3/3/2013,19,132,9,11,9>Finally: Jersey City has its answer to Insomnia Cookies.Tucked away in a small storefront on Newark Ave, Cookies N' Crepes delivers what it offers. And then some. They had been open for a few weeks, but I never made my way in until today. Figuring I'd kick off the Superbowl gluttony a bit early, I stopped in and got myself a S'mores cookie. It was a gob-droppingly delicious as it was massive. The hulking cocoa blasted bakery good was fresh from the oven and practically collapses into a gooey mess of hot fudgy chocolate and marshmallow fluff upon site. The staff is friendly, the menu mouthwatering, and the location prime.
<review# 620,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/28/2012,3/2/2013,1145,831,6,13,9>Man I had no clue the food coming out of this place would be that good.How the hell did I end up here, that is a very good question.So were driving to Atlantic City and were picking up a common friend on our way. Having missed lunch we wanted to grab something quick before our ride to AC. One of my friends suggested this place.This place is old and definitely not at all upscale, having said that food here was awesome. We walk in they have a TV playing some old movie and guy inside selling some music cd's(funny set up).There was this long ass line but we decided to wait for food. Apart from selling ribs they do sell other variety of food too but everybody was waiting in the line for those dead awesome pork ribs. They take good amount of time to make those juicy ribs. One can choose from mild or extra spicy sauce which they use to coat the ribs with. Ribs with two sides was just a $10 dollars , I had the potato salad and yams as sides. That was a lot of food for 10 bucks. They do sell their famous in house spicy sauce in small containers for 5 bucks.Definitely a place to stop by if one loves BBQ ribs.
<review# 621,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/30/2012,3/1/2013,206,553,3,4,2>There are some places that just make you feel cooler when you walk inside of them. HLS is one of those places. Once I cross the plane of HLS, the ambience and soundtrack make me feel like a young Billy Dee Williams.*I was in search of a good smoothie and happened upon HLS in some combination search between Yelp and Google. I was expecting a small smoothie shoppe that churns out mechanical and overblown juice drinks, but instead got the feeling that I had suddenly found smoothie nirvana. Despite the name, the pineapple banana banger is my #1 choice for smoothies - great consistency and flavor.There are plenty of tables to hang out and eat if you want. The food is healthy and the service is friendly and attentive. There is nothing not to like about this place, it's a good lunch spot or a great place for a smoothie break. If you don't feel cooler when you walk in here, maybe you're just that cool.**______________* Fine, I've never really felt like this, but I want to. This is just an exaggeration to explain to you how cool this place feels when you walk in.** You're not actually.
<review# 622,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/5/2012,2/28/2013,157,303,5,6,7>If heaven exists,  there will be a spicy bowl of noodle soup always waiting for me.  Penang is one of those places that is close to the divine  I had the Penang Udang Mee soup and my boyfriend had the Malaysian Rendang.  Both were amazing.  The Penang Udang Mee is a big bowl of spicy, dark red shrimp broth loaded with thick tubular noodles, greens, shrimp, and chunks of pork.  Delicious but very shellfishy.  Someone not so big on fishy things might go for a noodle soup with a pork or beef stock.  The bowl was not big but HUGE.  It can easily feed two people.  On to Malaysian Rendang.  Tender chunks of beef in a thick, spicy, dark curry.  This was the lunch special so the portion was smaller but it was the star of the show.  So freakin good.  My boyfriend always picks the best dishes.  My only complaint was the curry puffs we had for appetizers.  Seems like they were heated thru because the filling of one of them was cold.  I am still giving this place four stars for the main dishes.
<review# 623,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/14/2012,2/27/2013,149,101,4,9,3>I had a serious craving for some comfort food. Rice and gravy in particular were on my brain for just over two days before I started searching the area for a place to fill my taste.  Being that I was displaced from my own neighborhood thanks to good 'ol "Sandy", I realiezed I had become more unfamiliar to my old stomping grounds than I thought. Greatful for being able to stay at my fiances parents house, I offered to treat everyone to a nice hot lunch....as soon as I could find a place worth it to drive to.  Scrolling aroun don Yelp, I came across a few reviews for Soul Food Factory.  Photos were decent, reviews were decent and it was well within my driving range. Boy was it worth it. As soon as you walk in you are greeted by warmth and the smell of hot food. If you closed your eyes you could almost bring yourself back to being in your grandmothers kitchen or remember getting ready for holidays just before the family comes over. ( At least if that's how you grew up...eating soul food and such )I had called ahead to order my food and the gentlelman at the counter rememberd me as soon as I walked in. How nice, I thought.  I waited just a few minutes before everything was packed up which I appreciated, lets me know my food is being cooked and not re-heated.  They were kind enough to pack small containters of ox tail gravy to add to my rice ( craving satisfied!! ) Nathanial ( one of three owners ) told me he owns the place with two of his brothers and was happy to hear I found them based off of good reveiws. I took my bag and happily headed home.Here is where I have to agree with all the other reviews on this site.  The turkey wings are RIDICULOUSLY GOOD. I mean, there was not one part of my massive wings that was soggy ( sometimes when you take fried chicken out of the grease and set it aside, the skin gets soggey on the towel...not here!). The skin was flavored wonderfully, crunchy , sweet and salty. If my stomach was bigger I would have eaten both....no joke. The greens were perfectly seasoned and had just a slight hint of vinegar.  The rice was cooked just right (yellow rice ) and tasted so good I didnt even remember to use the oxtail gravy!!  The three of us discussed in detail with each bite what we though of our food ( BBQ chicken, fried chicken and sweet potatoes, potato salad as sides ) What a gem to have so close to Maplewood.I will definitely be back to Soul Food factory to try out their fried catfish, oxtails and more of those greens!  Thanks to Nathanial for his awesomeness and patience with me on the phone while I oreded and suggesting which sides to get with what meat.
<review# 624,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/18/2013,2/26/2013,484,612,3,12,7>I love this place!  For the last 2 years, my husband has ordered my birthday cake Cocoa Bakery.  The first year was a red velvet and the second year was a hazelnut cake.  Both of them were amazing!  The cake itself is soft and moist, but what really impresses me every year is how beautiful the cakes look.The Red Velvet one had a buttercream frosting and little red and yellow cherry blossom flowers from the top and going down the side.  The Hazelnut cake had a beautiful purple dotted trimming with little pink flowers all around it.  The cakes are beautiful and taste delicious.  It is truly one of the best gems of Jersey City.Oh, and this year, I also got a cookie of the month club subscription.  My favorite one so far is the pistachio shortbread.  It is flaky, buttery, and just a hint of pistachio.  Really, really good.Unfortunately, Cocoa Bakery was affected by Hurricane Sandy, so their shop still needs some work before it's back up and running.  For now, if you want to check out these delectable treats in person, they are at Newport Mall as a kiosk next to Maggie Moo's.
<review# 625,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/18/2013,2/25/2013,144,279,3,5,5>Sushi and Thai in one cozy, intimate place? Perfect.The atmosphere and decor were nice and cozy. The walls were a lovely brick, and the lighting was dim, but not TOO dim. The menu was kind of perfect; lots of really great options for little money. I got a bowl of the coconut soup with vegetables and the peanut avocado roll. I loved both. Peanut avocado rolls are my favorite, but not a lot of sushi places have them (such a shame!).The servings were small (probably the tiniest sushi roll I've ever had), but I like that sort of thing. Of course, if you order something like fried rice or drunken noodles, the portions are much larger. My friend ordered the drunken noodles, and she was pleasantly stuffed at the end. We decided to split the green tea mochi ice cream before we left. What a delicious surprise! Neither of us had had mochi before, and we both enjoyed it. They covered it in cheap chocolate syrup, so that's a shame, but it was still tasty.Three things for just over $10? Awesome. Additionally, we had no issues with service. Our food came out quickly and service was prompt.One complaint: where's the booze? :)
<review# 626,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/28/2012,2/24/2013,395,537,5,5,4>Lovely little market that makes for a nice addition to the neighborhood. Stocked with some produce, organic options, a juice bar, coffee, gluten-free choices, etc. I have perused the shelves and wouldn't necessarily do a lot of shopping here (I think some things are expensive compared to other places), but I do think it's nice for finding things like honey, gluten-free crackers (lentil crackers are yummy), etc.Their coffee is quite strong and good. I've been in here a few times and it's obvious they have some opening hiccups. What I like most about the place is the fresh prepared foods they are doing. I thought their Empanadas are delicious, especially the Chorizo. I love the cabbage and carrot slaw they put on top. I liked their salad options, especially the Quinoa with tons of fresh and delicious vegetables. Their pizzas look amazing although I haven't tried them yet because they're always sold out. They also do sandwiches and endless varieties of juices and usually have their Hibiscus Refresher. Everyone is really friendly, especially the woman who I believe to be the owner (she makes all of the salads and food). She calls me "Chica" which I find to be adorable.
<review# 627,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/23/2013,2/23/2013,237,200,18,14,14>DON'T BE FOOLED BY THE OTHER FAUX PHO SHOPS! LEARN THE SHABU SHABU DANCE MOVE HERE TOO!Pho: Some people pronounce it as "fuh" others pronounce it as "foe." Which way is correct? Fuh-geddaboudit!Shabu Shabu: The term is an onomatopoeia, derived from the sound emitted when the ingredients are stirred in the cooking pot. The name "shabu-shabu" literally means "swish-shish," based on the sound the meat makes as you drag it through the broth.Koreans serving Vietnamese noodle soup and Japanese shabu-shabu 24 hours a day! This place fulfills my craving for Vietnamese at any hour and become a family favorite for dine-in or take-out any given night of the week. I regret that it was not until our close friend and casual yelper, Maw T., for convincing us to try this place at the nearby Palisades Park location.There are lots of familiar items to try from the Appetizers. With so many tasty options it's easy to go overboard and over-order, so try your best to have some self-restraint.Summer Rolls (Shrimp, lettuce & rice vermicelli) - You can get these in orders of 2 or 3 pieces with each piece cut in half. If you're feeling hungry, then go for the 3 piece order and share them with a loved one. Don't go cheap and order 2 pieces only to try cutting each of them in half if you're feeding a family of four unless you've got a set of Ginsu knives or a Hattori Hanzo katana sword on-hand. The most likely result will be is that you score a Mortal Kombat Fatality against your Summer Roll with vermicelli noodles oozing out of the sides.Lettuce Wrap with Meat (as described) - Great appetizer to share with others. I prefer to order this one when dining-in unless I happen to have an extra head of iceberg lettuce in the refrigerator as the supplied lettuce to meat ratio is invariably stacked in favor of the meat by a ratio of 2 to1.Assorted Appetizers (Summer rolls, Fried egg rolls, Shrimp balls, and Chicken potstickers) - Appetizers up the wazoo! Way too much for two people to even attempt if you ordered anything else. So before ordering this consider bringing the entire family including the ones that you put on the second round wedding invitations list.Friend or Pho?How do you like your Pho? With or without meat? Do you like your meat raw or cooked? How do you feel about "special" cuts of meat like tripe (edible offal from the stomachs of your favorite farm animal) or tendons (the sinewy band of fibrous connective tissue that connects muscle to bone)? When I'm feeling like Pho, I usually get the Brisket, Flank, & Soft Tendon with extra rice noodles. I just can't bring myself to try the tripe as i find it too chewy no matter how long it has been cooked. Regardless of the eat you choose, your Pho is served in a broth with the complex flavors of cinnamon, star anise, ginger, cardamon, and coriander. Just about every Pho is fantastic and always flavorful without fail!How to do the Shabu Shabu.There is no dancing involved here, so forget the latest Flo Rida and Nicki Minaj dance moves that you learned playing Just Dance 4. Shabu shabu lets diners swish, cook, and dip thin slices of raw meat, seafood, and assorted vegetables in a personal pot of delicate broth. The cooked items can be dipped in your choice of sauce before being eaten.  Afterwards, the leftover broth is used as a soup for noodles or rice. Basically, Shabu Shabu is similar to eating fondue style. It takes just one bite of your flavored food to make you do the happy dance in your seat.Just like Pho, there are lots of options for ordering your Shabu Shabu. Unless you're a strict vegetarian, I recommend that you do NOT go for the Vegetables Only as you are cheating yourself out of half the fun. In addition to the MOUND of vegetables on your plate (three different types of greens, Enoki and Shitaki mushrooms, cob of corn, fishcakes, onions, pumpkin squash, etc.) you get full plate your choice of meat, poultry, or seafood. The Land & Sea is a platter fit for 2 lovers to dine on paper-thin slices of beef and an assortment of seafood (shrimp, clams, mussels, squid, and baby octopus) and a separate plate of thick starchy white noodles.Step 1: Drop your hard veggies in the bubbling broth to cook and check out the sauces at the barStep 2: Grab a few bowls of dipping sauce for you to swish through after removing your food from the broth. Nice variety of sauces here, so feel free to go nuts and don't feel bashful about going back for more. Some of my favorites include: Silantro, Mixed Hot Pepper, Peanut Sauce, and Lemon Soy Sauce.Step 3: Start swishing to the oldies by dragging your fish and your beef through the hot broth. It only takes a couple of passes through the pool to cook the thinner slices. For your seafood it is generally best to wait for your pieces to turn solid and opaque being eating.Step 4: Pair your cooked food with your favorite sauces and continue swishing the night away.Now you know how to do the Shabu Shabu too!
<review# 628,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/19/2012,2/22/2013,47,188,3,7,3>friends were in town for the wknd and i wanted to try a new sushi place. i heard mixed reviews but we ended up having a pretty great time. service was very good, they brought out an ice bucket for our vino (did i mention it's byob?) and refilled our water glasses frequently. i think some of the waitresses here also work at hiura in fort lee, perhaps there's a connection?anyway, on to the food. one of my friends struggles with sushi/sashimi, so we got a bunch of rolls and a seaweed salad to share. the rolls we got: spicy tuna, metropolitan, shrimp tempura, rainbow, and one other (lame memory issues). the seaweed salad was just briny enough, and the rolls while standard were prepared well. i also give this place four stars for politely letting us stay at the table for a bajillion minutes while we took a bajillion pictures of ourselves.good night, good service, good food, will be back.
<review# 629,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/3/2012,2/21/2013,257,123,1,9,6>Simple but delicious! Open until late. Small, local business. Yummy white sauce and hot sauce. You have the option to get the chicken, lamb or mixed platters over rice or over salad. This is good for people on diets, like myself (no carbs) so I get the chicken platter over just salad (no rice). Also, the falafel is pretty good here and I hear good things about the chicken wings but have yet to try them! Minus 1 star because it's a take out place that doesn't deliver. They really, really should do deliveries. There's no where to really sit when you're in there. It's a counter with a kitchen in the back. There's only like 4 seats inside and a bench outside, that's it. There isn't really any parking either unless you park on the highway. There's a lot next door for another building that people always park at but the signs make it really clear your car can get towed if you're caught.
<review# 630,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/9/2013,2/20/2013,31,303,1,7,2>Another contender in Hoboken's healthier fast-er food segment, Fresh U seems to get more "right" than similarly marketed restaurants.  The quality of the ingredients is about the same, and the preparation is far from refined (eg. expect lean proteins to be on the drier side), but Fresh U gains a leg up in the flavor department.  The menu is extensive to accommodate a variety of palates, and with a range of low-fat sauce options, you can personalize your wrap, sandwich, quesadilla, plate or salad.  Add in a handful of soups, and some tasty sides, and you're likely to find a healthier version of what you might get elsewhere in the neighborhood (and cheaper).  Beyond serving tastier food, Fresh U gains points in my book by opening early for breakfast (7am, healthy sandwiches and Stumptown coffee) and closing late, especially on Fridays and Saturdays, when they keep service rolling until 3am.  Will Fresh U make you forget that you're eating healthier food?  Not likely, but it's certainly a step in the right direction.
<review# 631,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/18/2012,2/19/2013,63,183,2,6,5>Rutt's Hut is an icon for northern New Jersey, and with good reason. They are masters (inventors?) of a fast food which may be the definitive one for this half of the state. (You know, like the Buffalo wing for upstate NY, or the deep dish for Chicago)They deep fry hotdogs. Yum! And not just any hot dog, these are custom made for Rutt's with a unique seasoning blend, and special casings that can withstand the rough treatment of the deep fryer. And, once the heart-stopping dogs are in your hand, you can cover them with your choice of condiments--including an amazing homemade relish!In addition to dogs, Rutt's Hutt offers standard, deep-fried, fare. The fries are pretty good, and the onion rings are very good. They also have burgers and specials, like fish dishes. I have never tried any of those, so I can't say.Rutt's Hutt is split into two restaurants, one is a cafeteria style, but standing room only. The other is a bar. Both are clean, considering the type of place this is, and both are cash-only.
<review# 632,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/27/2012,2/18/2013,340,288,,11,6>Happy hour here is awesome! Mon-Fri 5pm-8:00pm, Sun 1pm-8pm. Food specials, 50% off draft beer and $6 shot and beer specials.For a Korean bar, I was surprised at their awesome beer menu. Draft includes coors light, bluepoint blueberry, radeberger, hoegaarden, guinness, lagunitas IPA and brooklyn's soriachi ace. I was informed that the beer menu does rotate.Food was good too. They had creative bar offerings. We tried the Korean wings which were lollipop chicken in a soy garlic sauce. Next time I will ask if they have a spicy sauce for their wings. We also tried the bulgogi egg rolls which were surprisingly tasty especially when dipped in this sweet spicy sauce. French fries were just regular. I am excited to try more off their bar menu and see what other beers come in.
<review# 633,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/29/2012,2/17/2013,171,196,13,9,10>Really does have the best A/C in the summer time.In the winter time..........okay who really cares what time of the year?  It's fun, always.  Solid people sitting at and behind the bar.You can meet a retired journalist, a loan shark, a brain doctor, a mom who looks 35 but claims she is pushing 45... (cougars!!! believe me, they are here, ohhh yes yes they are here..!)  If you into decent to decently hot, recently single, 40-is-the-new-30 milfy/cougar chicks wearing skin-tight leather and rhinestone embellished jeans and black crop tops/bikini tops.. look no further.Instant +5 points if you own - or plan on owning - or realize you absolutely NEED to own a Harley.  You already know about the Notch, so whatever, you don't count.The place is mobbed on the weekends, and most weekday nights.  What is the deal?  I am quite fond of the Notch, I must admit.  Everyone just keeps it real.  I like that, yes... never had a bad time...never felt robbed or cheated out of anything... have gotten sufficiently smashed and not once did I feel unsafe or uncomfortable, quite the opposite, really.  Like, if someone did anything out of line to me or to one of my girlfriends that was inappropriate, rude, or disgusting....there would be about 7 or 8 big guys tossing this pig onto 46.Don't come here expecting to get a seat.  Not gonna happen, sorry friend, but this is the price you pay, and you better NOT sit in that god damn seat when the oldest-regular at the bar decides he is packin' it in for the night, oh no, no, no... you will let the NEXT person who has been waiting to sit in that chair for over an hour SIT THE HELL DOWN.  Does your girlfriend's feet hurt?  Awww, sweetie, you are at the Great Notch Inn.  I have no sympathy for you and no one else does either.  Well, that part is a little harsh, but this has happened!  I was a witness to the meltdown of a chick wearing these heinous snake-print, open-toed, strappy-and-tacky, stiletto nightmare.... Yuck, oh and a 10-inch skirt.  Freezing her ass off and feet throbbing in pain.  She looked absolutely miserable.  Do not be this girl.  Get your cowboy boots or your biker boots.  I love that look any way, it's so much more fun than the non-sense you see literally everywhere, ugh, keep shopping at Salvation Army, freaking hipsters.Right.  Big point I am going to make.  If you are a smug, pretentious, little slimeball, the lowest of the low, hipster trash, with your fake glasses and your fake ripped $100 dollar PIXIES t-shirt .... because you watched Fight Club in a film class you took at Essex CC that now you are, like, this Chuck Palahniuk expert..... ok, do not come here, the PBR is really over-priced and flat.
<review# 634,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/14/2012,2/16/2013,1613,1387,6,13,11>This spot is legit.  Legit for a date.  Legit for a crew.  Legit for a solo mission.This spot isn't one of those all-you-can-eat-until-you-vomit beef-a-rias that you find in Newark.This spot isn't one of those high-end-uber-expesive-cuz-of-the-decor restos in Manhattan.This spot is a comfy, friendly, chill destination if you want to enjoy a dope meal on a relaxing evening.Our Portuguese waitress, Melissa was totally affable, loquacious, cute, knowledgeable and proposed one of the best meals I've had...filet mignon cooked (in front of you) on a hot stone.  Wha, wha, wha?!!!  Holy ish, it was sooo buttery and deeeeeelish.  Yea, yea...we also got the garlic-y shrimp and it came with rice, chips and vegetables but the star was def the steak...yummmm.This spot is def one of the best Portuguese restos around.  I've been to Lisboa, Portugal.  Trust me.
<review# 635,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/3/2013,2/15/2013,114,191,2,6,3>I decided to wait to stop into this newer establishment since I had heard mixed reviews in the beginning.  Glad I did because every aspect of P&P was four stars or better.  What I found from the moment I walked in was a hospitable staff, beautiful space, friendly local feeling upscale clientele, and delicious food and cocktails.  I shared a sampling of various apps and flatbread at the bar with a few craft beers.  Each one was nicely balanced and included the pork theme.  The grilled panino, french fries with tallegio cheese and pork bits, filled endive boats, and flatbread were all fantastic.  The service was excellent.  I don't give out many 5 star ratings, and really only give them out when I can't think of anything on which to improve.  And here, at P&P, I would have to say it is the value that is the issue.  Seems like all of their menu prices are about 10%-20% high, or need a slight increase in portion size.  For example, I don't think if I stopped in for lunch and a beer,  that  a flatbread would satisfy me.  So, I'd have to order a salad or something else, and my lunch goes from $20 to $30.  Unfortunately, it I think this could be an issue with making P&P an every other week type of place.  Then again, I'm still thinking about it and craving it a week or two later, so maybe I'm wrong about that... 4 stars, nicely done.
<review# 636,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/2/2012,2/14/2013,133,153,3,10,7>Needed some comfort food and Elbow Room definitely hit the spot!  I chose the 'Mushroom Mac' which is crimini mushrooms, gently wilted whole spinach leaves, Gruyere cheese and crispy shallots on top.Oh. So. Good.I don't think I've ever eaten that fast.  Everything I love in my mac n' cheese they got right: earthy (in the way of 'shrooms and fresh spinach) crunchy (fried shallots) and big on flavor (gruyere cheese and fresh herbs).  This made for a very warm, rich, hearty and comforting meal.Note on the design: love everything about the inside - communal table, old school metal stools and classroom chairs, small but bright and open sitting area that is  very 'Brooklyn brownstone'.   I also liked the to-go bags except my handles started to rip almost immediately.Excited to try some of the other vegetarian friendly options.  It's a bit on the pricey side but I have a feeling it will be worth the occasional splurge.
<review# 637,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/26/2013,2/13/2013,72,167,,10,8>We watched a really great documentary on a Sushi Chef from Japan called "Jiro Dreams Of Sushi". The movie is about a master sushi chef from Japan. Watch the movie, it's incredible. But the flick also put us in the mood for some Sushi and we went back to Kyushu Sushi and we are glad we did...The owner as well as all the people who work there are accommodating and very service oriented. Good people. We sat near the sushi bar and the chef looks at me and recommended the Aji appitizer. I said sure, why not. We never had the dish and were curious about how it was going to be prepared. The Aji came out and it was a work of art and it even tasted better than it looked. He made an Aji roll from the fish as well as a nice slice of Aji Shashimi in a tasty sauce. He also deep-fried the fish after filleting it. The chef said taste the bones. He was right. We picked at it like a chicken and it was so flavorful. We wiped the fish clean  I have attached a picture of this dish prior to dismantling...We then ordered the sushi and shashimi for two. It was an incredible selection of fish including Toro (fatty tuna), lean tuna and white tuna shashimi as well as a nice selection of sushi and rolls. The quality was really really good as were the flavors of the fish. It was worth the money.The place also has a nice bar with TV's if your in the mood to watch some sports and have a few beers or cocktails.If you want really great sushi and great service, go to Kyushu and have some fun.
<review# 638,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/28/2012,2/12/2013,474,598,3,17,8>Enthusiastic 4 stars for a fantastic value with well-above-average food.I met my sister for a quick AYCE sushi fest, hopeful to steer her away from her first love, Sushi X. Mission accomplished!  Arigato is a nice atmosphere, decent service, low-key kind of place. Caution to those who are used to other AYCE portion sizes - the portions here are full sized. They also have a selection of huge special rolls included in the AYCE.Here's what we sampled:Free appetizers - deep fried tuna bites (awesome) and spicy tuna meatballs (just okay, not really my thing)Miso soup - good, averageTempura - excellent, especially the onion and shrimpGreen salad - huge and surprisingly wonderful, included avocado and terrific ginger dressingVeggie gyoza - pretty yummyEdamame - super fresh, but they didn't have salt and advised to use soy sauce, not my favSushi (assorted) - good, not the best I've ever had, but certainly satisfyingViagra roll (yes, really) - this was a soft shell crab creation - not my thing, but well prepared and presentedFruit - pineapple and orange - served as dessert (and no other desserts on regular menu).Dinner for 2 (and we ate until we were sick), including tip, $50. BYOB, we made a reservation but it was unnecessary on a Friday night.I look forward to returning!
<review# 639,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/28/2013,2/11/2013,156,84,23,26,26>Walk through the gate, put your carry-on in the overhead bin, strap on your seat-belt, and get ready for your flight... of beer!My goal is to drink as many different beers as I can without getting drunk and the flight (3oz samples of beer) is the perfect way to do it. Cloverleaf offers this as a way to taste every beer offered, especially helpful during their "tap-takovers" where they tap many beers (some rare) from the same brewery.Cloverleaf may not have the most beers on tap (that honor goes to The Shepherd & The Knucklehead Pub), but what's special is that they have the best balance of beer, food, service and atmosphere. 20+ craft beers on tap, quality pub food, knowledgeable and friendly waiters and waitresses, and the place is always bustling.I've read some reviews complaining about the food... I haven't had the entire menu, so maybe whatever they had was no good. Let's remember that it's still a pub. Regardless, what I've had has been excellent. 1. Fish and chips - perfect crispness of batter and moist sultry cod on the inside2. Fried BBQ Flautas - bbq pulled pork so juicy on the inside, crunchy tortilla on the outside3. Coconut Chicken Tenders - So friggin crispy on the outside, moist, tender chicken on the inside4. Loaded nachos with chili - Can't go wrong with this one.5. Pretzel jalepeno burger - Everything is good with pretzel bread. And the jalapenos so sweet and spicy kick perfect compliment to the juicy beef paddyThey are a business partner of New Jersey Craft Beer, so if you are a member, you can get 10% off your entire bill (savings of $25 max per visit).Well, it's time to turn off all electronics! See you on the other side!
<review# 640,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/19/2012,2/10/2013,1455,389,3,13,6>Background - I only wash my car by hand.  It is a process that takes several hours, and I am very picky about the products and such that I use.Fact - Now I live in Hoboken with no driveway, no hose, and nowhere to spend hours and hours obsessing over every square inch.Economically, it doesn't make sense to make the 2.5 hour trip each way to my dad's in order to utilize the car washing facilities I have become so accustomed to, so I resorted to other means.I mean, there are a lot of nice cars around me...and they all have to get clean somehow, right?  Investigation.After some careful searching online, I landed here.  Good reviews, not too far, and very specific about the materials they use to hand wash and dry.  Nothing I hate more than those swirl scratches in the clear coat...So I gave it a whirl and I must say...i'd come back.Good vacuum, good wash, good dry, nice shine.  This place is certainly going to come in handy for the winter to get the salt and other associated road crap off on a semi-frequent basis.My only gripe...there were two guys hand washing, one on the right and one on the left.  So there were a few parts on the center of the front and rear bumper (and a tiny patch on the roof) that didn't get touched, but i'm not going to go crazy over that.  They also missed a little dust on the inside in corners and such, but since I break out the specialty brush for that...I kind of expected them not to get it all.Fact is, I drove in with a mess of a car after getting a bunch of Manhattan rain dirtwater all over my car and as well as whatever crap comes from a few trips up and down I-95 (also in the rain) - and I drove out with a shiny car.Sign up for their coupon club so they can lure you back with randomized discounts, and once in a while...opt for a full detail.  I'll probably get a wax done next time and see how that goes.Overall...worth it.  Nice people, and they treat your car well, and they don't reuse the same towels 1200 times.  Stamp of approval.
<review# 641,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/19/2012,2/9/2013,198,103,6,7,6>BYOB!!! (wish I had read this before coming, I had some awesome pumpkin ale at home-this should be a selection in the alcohol checkboxes below)As you find a seat at the long family style tables at La Sicilia, you will find locals who obviously know that this is the place to be for Italian food and pizza in Essex County. The wafting aroma of garlic and tomatoes, the photos of a young Frank Sinatra and other NJ legends who seemed to have dined here, the ubiquitous sign of any NJ Italian gastronomical landmark: the Sopranos cast members photos, all of these things put you right at ease, even before the fabulous food is set down at your table. There is something about this place that reminds me of a family event or two that Ive been to where the tables were long, family gathered around, a never ending parade of food.. yea, this place is it.Don't expect white gloved tuxedo-ed waiters and china here- this IS a pizzeria; and what a pizzeria it is. Ive been here once so far, and I feel as if I should be in my car right now on my way back, it is SO good here.On recommendation of Yelpers here, I shared the Palermo pie here with my brother Geoff- I am SO glad I did. Words fail to describe the experience but I will try. The pie is a relatively thin crust Sicilian pie unlike anything I have ever had. Its like a cross between a grandmas pie and a Sicilian pie, but OH so much more. Its thin crust snaps under slight pressure from your bite, softly padded above by fresh mozzarella directly above, then a fresh, super garlic-y sauce with fresh herbs on top. Its like a normal pizza in reverse order- dough, cheese, sauce. And how fantastic it is.I heard some complain one way or another about this pie, but all I can say is- do not listen to them. What MAY make some complain is if they took this pie home or delivered it. ANY pizza that is not eaten DIRECTLY FROM THE OVEN will SUCK if eaten any other way. Pizza is like art found in nature: its temporary, fleeting- to be enjoyed for that moment like a snowflake on a windshield, a sunset, wisps of clouds, lightning in the sky...I can wax poetic all day about this pizza- it is THAT GOOD!We took two cannoli home as well, an hour or more after us demolishing this pie between two people, we braved the cannoli, and OMG is what I have to say- fresh crisp shells overflowing with fresh fine sweetened whole milk ricotta cheese, delicately flavored with orange and rose water? Grandma would approve.Now all I have to do is get my mom and grandma over here next time so they can experience this too. I must return to try more of this menu- these guys are the real deal, and I'm happy that they are only a town or two over from me.
<review# 642,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/1/2012,2/7/2013,175,193,,10,8>I've been waiting for this place to open up for a while now. I live blocks away and have been slowly watching this place transform into Burger Bound. So, it finally opened on Thursday and was it worth the wait? Absolutely. I'm still thinking about the burger and fries I had a couple of hours ago!Although the place is small, it's really modern and cute inside. They also have an outside patio (when the weather is warmer). Service was good; our waitress was really attentive and recommended some of her favorites on the menu. The menu is simple: there's enough items for you to select from (and you won't feel overwhelmed when trying to choose an item). What sets this place apart from all the rest is their organic patties and the freshness of the ingredients. You can taste the quality and freshness with every bite. And the prices won't hurt your wallet either. And they deliver! I ordered the Cheesebacon Burger (organic beef patty, caramelized onions, avocado aioli sauce, tomato, American cheese, bacon, and pickles) and a small order of the truffle & Parmesan cheese fries. The fries were AMAZING!!! The fries were crispy and fresh and both the Parmesan cheese and truffle gave it incredible flavor. As for the burger, it was perfect chemistry. Burger was perfectly sized and the onions, avocado aioli sauce, and pickles came together to give the burger great flavor. The cheese was very fresh and tasted distinctly differently than other burger places. (Kind of makes you think what do the other places put in their burgers, huh?) As for the patty itself, this was probably the first time I ate a burger where I didn't feel heavy. Most important, I didn't regret my decision to eat the burger. The only thing that I do wish they did differently was cook the burger to my liking. I'm a medium-well done type of girl (I know, burgers aren't supposed to be cooked that way). And the burger buns could have been toasted and a little sturdier. My burger kept on falling out sometimes. But hey, that doesn't mean the burger wasn't good. Oh, and they also have milkshakes and desserts (all made with high-quality ice cream and fresh ingredients). My brother had the chocolate shake and said it was really good. I had the Crepes Suzette (with vanilla ice cream and Grand Marnier Sauce). It was alright. The again, I'm not really a dessert type of person and frankly, I came here for the burger and fries.Burger Bound has a great advantage to other places in the area by using fresh ingredients (you can honestly taste the difference).  Will I be back? Absolutely.
<review# 643,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/31/2012,2/6/2013,165,81,11,13,11>Did I mention how much I love it here!!!I do, i really truly do - You really have to go in here wearing thick skin -  the employees are real NJ Italians - They don't take no crap, they know what they're doing and expect you do too, otherwise come back when your heads outta your ass and you can make a frkn decision, otherwise you're holding up the line!It's a very fast paced place - no time for ums and ahs Go in there knowing this and you won't have a problem;  buy instead of browse and you'll see a friendly staff.Everything you could want or need is here. The rice balls are the best, they won't top them off with cheese and sauce, but if you want your ass kicked - try asking for it to be done this way!!! hahahaha Stuffed breads, meatballs, lasagna, stuffed artichokes, eggplant parm, olives, cheeses, candies, cookies - the list goes on and on and on. Its a great place, a busy place, a fast place, an Italian place! It's:Saporita e gustosa con atteggiamento"Tasty and delicious with attitude"
<review# 644,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/15/2012,2/5/2013,189,210,6,23,8>Here is my prediction about the future of Latin Soul Cuban Cafe.They are never going to last here.And that is because they are going to have to move to a larger location to accomodate all the fans that they are going to attract.     Here is the run down of what we sampled.#1.  Cuban sandwich:  Made the traditional way on a special sandwich press, called a plancha, this sandwich was the perfect combo of pickles, ham, pork, cheese and bread.  The pork tasted slow roasted, moist with a delicious citrus/garlicky marinade.  The sandwich was hot, crispy and oozed melted cheese.#2.  Medianoche sandwich:  Same ingredients as above but served on a sweeter, egg dough bread.  This is a slightly smaller version of a Cuban sandwich that was designed to be a midnight snack, hence it's name.  My favorite!  I love that bread!#3.  Papa rellena.  A soft ball sized, mashed potato shell filled with a succulent ground beef center. Hot, crispy.  Delish.#4.  Daily special: Pernil with rice, black beans, maduros. My husband ordered this because he has a love affair with Cuban black beans and these did not disappoint.  RIch, warm, perfectly seasoned.  The maduros were plump, sweet, sticky, caramelized and addictive.#5.  Chicken empanadas.  Crispy, and stuffed with a generous amout of filling#6.  Guava cheese pastry.  This was a freebie they threw in because there was a slight mix up with our take out order.  It was amazing.  Flaky.  If you've never tried guava, which is like a slightly tart raspberry flavor, give it a try here.  Best I've ever tasted.  I'm very fortunate have a dear friend whose parents escaped Cuba and whose Mom is an amazing cook: she makes the best black beans and Cuban food.  Latin Soul Cuban Cafe reminds me of eating in her dining room on Christmas Eve.   The food at this tiny take out place is good ole fashioned homestyle Cuban cooking.  Latin Soul is a gem in Bergen County and well worth the foodie trek.
<review# 645,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/13/2013,2/4/2013,195,235,16,23,12>Located in a strip mall next to Marshall's, I didn't have any high hopes for the atmosphere at Clove. I was surprised to walk into an actual restaurant rather than a place with a menu board at the front, ass-numbing chairs, and industrial floors. Yes, this CAN be a date spot, folks.We inquired about the Yelp check-in deal upon being seated (20% off the entire bill). Our server showed my phone to the manager who said that they will absolutely honor it. Score. This was my maiden Indian food voyage, therefore I let my friend Jill steer the ship. We were served a crispy flatbread upon being seated, along with two sauces for dipping. I was ravenous at that point and I inhaled it without really tasting it. We decided to both order the tikka masala for dinner as well as plain naan and the garlic naan. We ordered the tikka masala "medium" but there really wasn't any kick to it. That was fine by me because it was excellent as it was. Chunks of juicy chicken amidst that incredible sauce. And the naan? What? How have I lived this long without ever trying naan? Heaven in a basket for a carb-addict such as myself. Fresh, soft, and hot, hot, hot. My eyes are filling up with tears right now because I don't have any in front of me.Service was efficient and polite. Nothing pushy about this place at all. Our food came out quickly, also. Warm, comfortable, and it was pretty packed by the time we left. Damages were $32.00 in total. Jill and Clove took away my Indian food virginity...it was a special night for us all.
<review# 646,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/27/2012,2/3/2013,2315,442,19,26,23>Nice Folks  Fresh Ingredients  Clean Yet A Bit Run Down  Bring CashNo problem with placing my order here, the sign clearly states the taco fillings. With an understanding of the definition of the proteins will get you some very good tacos on your plate. How many + tacos + choice of protein + cilantro & onions (yes/no) = your order. We all understand money, so your total will be given to you in dollars.Service is courteous, surfaces and prep area clean and the food is prepared as you watch. The refreshments are located in a soda cooler with a bottle opener tied to the handle using a length of string, serve yourself as the food is being prepared.On the counter you will find green and red salsas, hot sauce and plenty of fresh wedges of lime, this is a sort of fixins' bar. Now go grab a seat and enjoy some great food, the carnitas are the clear winner for me.I don't get the comparisons to other areas of the country as the neighborhood is made up of Mexican immigrants that cater to their community. Are folks really that surprised to find great tacos in a ethnic enclave, or perhaps the Mexicans that move to Brooklyn or California come from a culinary background?Psst: Passaic NJ Has Great Tacos!
<review# 647,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/5/2012,2/2/2013,84,82,6,9,5>I LOVE NUTS!!!...of the squirrel variety. Squirrel nuts are apparently an Orange Squirrel original and they are amazing. They are basically small mashed potato balls that are fried in truffle oil. I got a handful of them along with a rib steak, which was on the thin side, but perfectly seasoned and cooked. The two of these paired together was absolutely delicious.Since we went here for restaurant week, I got an appetizer and desert with my meal. My appetizer was a bowl of steamed mussels with a (very) rich butter and coconut broth. There was a flavor in the broth that made it "different", which I didn't love, but still enjoyed because it was so excellently prepared. Lastly for desert I had the three dirt tasting which was a set of 3 mousses layered with bread crumbs of paired flavors. Can't exactly go wrong there.This might've been one of the best meals I've had in town, top 3 at least. I also tasted my wife's meal and got to chatting with the table next to us and noticed how great everything was coming out. That leads me to one of the bad things about Yelp - there are all these 1 star ratings  from people who less than 3 reviews who are bringing down this restaurant's overall rating. Don't let that fool you, this is a $40+ a plate restaurant that delivers excellent food. That said, here are my faves:- Squirrel Nuts, grab a handful- Everything else my table ordered
<review# 648,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/29/2012,2/1/2013,111,200,3,8,5>It seems most of my reviews on Yelp lately have been places I've been going to for a long time that I recently went back to. My family and I went to Penang for perhaps the 30th time this last weekend and the food did not disappoint. Roti Canai (2/5) - This used to be the star of the show, but I don't know what's going on nowadays. The once ultra crispy, perfectly cooked crepe has turned doughy and tough. Majorly sad. The accompanying chicken curry is still really good. Penang Tofu (5/5) - This was superb. The tofu really soft with this egg batter skin on it that's gives it a great flavor and then the whole thing is in this seafood lobster sauce. Ayam Rendang (4/5) - Great, rich curry and the meat was very soft. Shrimp Fried Rice (3/5) - My mom loved it, but I thought it was just standard issue fried rice. It was flavorful enough to be eaten on its own without curry, which is not always the case I suppose.Pad Thai (-/-) - I've had this before and it's a tad sweet for my taste, so I'm reserving judgement, but my family has always loved it.Kueh Teow Thong Soup (3/5) - Great, light, gingery soup. Warning though: the meat is just boiled and dropped into the soup.The makeover this place got a few years ago has given it a more trendy, glitzy appearance.PS: We didn't have the fried ice cream this time, but its really quite good.
<review# 649,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/30/2012,1/31/2013,44,24,2,6,4>This is my favorite sushi restaurant in JC and Hoboken by a long shot (and not just because it is NOT BYOB). Yes, they have a bar, and they serve great martinis (in addition to sake, beers, and a nice variety of wines); I love Komegashi for their amazing sushi, and if you've ever had their signature Godzilla roll, you will agree with me. Their appetizers are diverse and fun to try, definitely not the same you've seen elsewhere, and the presentation will definitely make an impression both visually and gustatorily! I recommend their sashimi pizza appetizer.Not in the mood for seafood? Their menu has a wide variety of carnivorous delights - I recommend the filet mignon; with bacon and mushrooms, in a flavorful sauce, this is a very nice dish.My other specialty roll favorites include the spicy rivalry, red dragon, and the hamilton. If you want something fried, try the spider, though it is not for the arachnophobic types. While it is near impossible to save room for dessert, I challenge you to try - because their tempura ice cream (in a raspberry sauce) and hazelnut crepes will make a perfect ending to a wonderful meal. It is very difficult to come here only once, and luckily I live close enough to return frequently. While I certainly have my favorites picked, I always look forward to trying something new on their menu. And even when I order for delivery, I know that the sushi will be fresh and the presentation (albeit it is in a container) is still very nice! The one downside, which living a block away has not been mine to experience, is the fact that they get busy during peak hours. So do yourself a favor, and call ahead for reservations. This location is smaller than their Newport restaurant, it is called Komegashi too. I also tried it out, check out that review!
<review# 650,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/20/2012,1/30/2013,62,72,7,10,7>This is what I do with Red Basil and its awesome:First of all, I only do take out. The decor is nice enough but I'm not trying to get my romance on with Red Basil. I'm trying to get my Lunch-For-The-Next-2-Days on. That's right, thai food reheats like a champ. And Red Basil, I find, has the non-greasy-est, freshest tasting thai in the area, so two days down the road, you're still lookin pretty good. The prices are right in line with every other thai food place. Here's my other trick - you order pad thai take out at the end of the night. I promise that take out container will be PACKED with all the pad thai they're not gonna sell that night. That's your two days lunch right there. Boom.
<review# 651,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/27/2012,1/29/2013,123,79,2,10,8>Once the Biggie's opened up on Newark Street in Hoboken, I was there. I knew about its history with the town, and its old smaller location, but I was excited to see something new. Since it has opened I have been a few times, and every time is a fun adventure, entertaining and delicious.The place is big with a bar, lots of tables and a ton of TV's. It deffo gives off the sportsbar kind of vibe, but you can have a civilized meal as well. At certain times of day or specific days of the week, it does get quite loud, sports excitement and beer. The menu is huge, but it is comprised mostly of appetizers, raw bar items and sandwiches. There is definitely something for everyone on the menu, mozzarella stics, wings, steamed clams...The entrees range from ribs to an array of pastas with seafood. I had one of the pastas once, and I can't say it was terribly memorable in taste, but the portion was huge.In fact all the portions are huge. Not one plate goes by that is skimpy, or small. Biggie's is all about the American style portion size, large. I tend to get the burger there because it is a super good deal. Six bucks for a giant burger and a hugemongous mound of fries... sounds like a bargain. It is a pretty tasty burger, especially if you get all the fixin's, and the fries are waffled goodness (sometimes on the greasy side).I am a sucker for seafood, so Biggie's has ended up being a go to spot for my steamed clams and tasty calamari.  The Thai Chili Calamari has been the latest item added to my crave menu. It is delicious and addictive; spicy, sweet, crunchy, chewy. And every time the entire mound disappears. So good, like I want some now good.On top of the pretty reasonably priced food items, seafood, American favorites and all, there are always happy hour deals. A huge variety of fancy mixed drinks and a solid amount of the usuals, and everyday brings a different happy hour special. Can't say all of their fancy drinks are the greatest, but $2 Miller products day is a good one to stumble in on.Biggie's is deffo a fun spot. The servers and the staff are really great, friendly, warm and helpful. They also look like they are having fun there too, while getting the job done. I am looking forward to my next trip there, more calamari and beers.
<review# 652,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/28/2012,1/28/2013,266,172,5,5,5>Here he comes, here comes Speed Racer, he's a demon on wheels... man I loved that show when I was young.  I dreamed that one day I would be able to race around in a track at breakneck speed with a group of friends.  I would prefer to do it with real race cars and a real racetrack but go carts going freaking fast is good enough for now.  This place is nestled near Liberty State Park and easily accessibly from Route 78 and once you go inside it's one spacious warehouse.  There's two tracks to go on and both are satisfactory for a race with friends.  $30 per person for the first race and then $25 per person each additional race will get you 14 laps around the track per race.  You might say that 14 laps is just right but when you really get into it and the racing gets intense those laps go by quickly... Speed Racer style.  Aside from how expensive this place is, I really can't say anything bad.  It's big, airy, and no smell of gasoline lingers in your sensitive nasal passages after you walk out.  Overall a great place to have a quick race with friends before heading out to do something else.  BTW IF YOU CHECK IN ON YELP YOU GET $5 OFF THE FIRST TIME YOU RACE!  Yelp pulls through again...
<review# 653,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/25/2012,1/27/2013,150,277,3,4,4>I can't even express with words how much I love it here. I've been going here since March of 2011 and its been a very positive experience for me on many levels. Its all classes so no equipment or weight racks laying around, good size clean studio with lots to choose from. You can workout at your own level with any class you take and all the instructors are pleasant and supportive.Jessica and Michelle are the owners and treat everyone that comes through the door as a friend. There's no typical gym awkwardness or catty attitudes here just a positive happy environment to get your sweat on. I've never taken a bad class so its hard to be impartial as to what i would recommend to someone who is new. Piloxing is one of the newer classes and I went into it thinking this isn't going to be for me, I tend to stay away from dance inspired classes but it was really great. I was out of breath and sweating up a storm. I am a bootcamp regular and also LOVE the restorative yoga on Sundays. It's like massage for your soul. Definitely worth checking out ladies!!!!
<review# 654,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/22/2012,1/26/2013,25,168,,7,3>We tried 2 dishes - pork sisig and pusit (squid) sisig. I'm as carnivorous as it gets but the pork sisig was nothing special. I've had it before at other Filipino restaurants and in the Philippines. This was not any better or worse than any of those places.The pusit (squid) sisig, however, was awesome! The squid was so finely chopped; it was almost minced. Then it was fried so that it was uber crispy. Basically it was like chicharron but pusit. The texture difference was perfect. I'd definitely order that again.Parking: I always pick up, never dine-in. If you have to pick up, just go past it and make a right and park in the 7-11 lot right next door.P.S. Try Singas Pizza next door... awesome!
<review# 655,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/13/2012,1/25/2013,66,173,,12,6>I have been taking my dogs here for over six years.  I love all of the vets in this practice.  Even though there are several vets in the practice, there is great consistency to the approach and level of caring across the staff.  The things I love most about this practice are:1) The caring attitude of the staff.  2) Followup by the vets to see how my dog (or cat) is doing.  3) Conservative approach to treatment4) Affiliation with River Pet.  When I need to board my dogs, which is rarely, I feel comfortable knowing that the vet is just a few doors down.5) Availability for to leave my pet as a "drop-off" if my schedule precludes me from being present for an unexpected appointment. For an additonal fee, I can drop my dog off in the morning and one of the vets will see them as time permits.6) Costs are very reasonable for the area.  With the conservative approach to treatment, I spend much less than I did prior to brining my pets to Animal General.While the follow-up is always great, they were particularly great during the last several months of my elderly dog and cat's lives.  That was a very difficult time and they were able to answer all of my questions and offer support, sometimes even calling from their commutes home to check on things.  I love these guys.  I have referred several friends to this practice, including former neighbors in Northern Manhattan.  They have all raved about their experience at Animal General and it is significantly less expensive than vet practices in Manhattan.
<review# 656,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/15/2013,1/24/2013,45,40,5,6,4>I ordered from there on a whim because the nearby Cejas restaurant no longer delivers. I always pass this on my way home and it looks like a little hole in the wall so I thought why not let's give it a try.WOW! I'm super glad Cejas doesn't deliver anymore because I just found my new Ecuadorian restaurant in Jersey City. Our appetizer was the tostones a la Robalino, I  had the Encocado de Pescado.So first off let me describe to you my fish (oh damn I'm drooling again) the fish was  steamed and bathed in a coconut sauce. This dish redefines what fish in coconut sauce should taste like, the sauce needed to tightened a little with some additional flour though. OMG if you go there try that. Ok let me move on before I need to change my underwear. Tostones? Typical toston topped by lobster salad and then topped with a shrimp. HOLD THE PHONE! Yes I did just write that. $7 gets you 8 tostones topped with lobster salad and a shrimp. Need I say more?Look forget what you heard this is the place in Jersey City Heights to grab a great Ecuadorian meal. Done! Go!
<review# 657,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/13/2012,1/23/2013,18,34,3,3,3>As usual Yelp never lets me down!  My gf and I were doing a double date and we all decided on sushi.  We decided to check this place out and what a choice it turned out to be. This place is a small cozy sushi bar in Montclair and is BYOB!  BYO is always a plus in my book :)  When you walk in all the workers greet you with a loud HI! lol its funny but very welcoming.  We ordered 4 rolls and share - Shrimp tempura, Philadelphia, crazy roll, Soho roll.... all of them were very well presented and deeeeeelicious.... we all felt like we could go for two more rolls to share so we ordered the Sushi Koshi roll and the Lobster Tail roll... as we waited for these last two rolls the waitress brought us some complimentary Korean Bulgogi for us to try and share which was very kind gesture and speaks volumes of how this place treats their customers.  The meat was so juicy and tender... My eyes lit up when the last rolls came out... They just looked wonderful and boy did they tasted just as good.  These rolls capped off a great meal.  This is definitely a place all sushi lovers should check out.
<review# 658,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/13/2012,1/22/2013,103,119,4,6,4>The Neptune bakery and Deli has been a part of the neighborhood forever.  Its has been a corner stone establishment in the area and i have many fond memories of that place.Starting all the way back in the late 80s being a kid and going in for a roll and a bottle of yohoo , to today stopping in and picking up pies for family dinners and holidays. It has always remained a great place with great people and great food.Now about the food:They are your typical bakery , good pies made to order, bakery cookies, doughnuts and various pastries all of pretty good quality. Its also a great place to stop in for a coffee and a freshly made butter roll in the mornings or before a road trip.Where they absolutely excel however is in the custards cups. These creamy yellow palm size delights are  amazing.  For those of you that don't know what they are , think of a mini pie crust about the size of your palm , filled with yellow creamy custardy goodness.They are seriously the most amazing pastry you could ever ask for.I have had them from many bakeries around here and no will ever match the amazing quality of this place. I have friends that make hour long drives back to JC just to make a stop there for the custard cups. Worth every amount of effort to go here for them.
<review# 659,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/14/2012,1/21/2013,21,41,3,6,4>where do i start? my mom and i are vegetarian/vegan respectively and have such a limited choice of restaurants in our area. I'd been doing some research lately trying to find new ones and True North popped up and the reviews really intrigued me, so we went!Upon walking in we were 1 of 2 tables, the atmosphere was so serene and simple, and extremely inviting. We walked in and were greeted by 2 people, one of whom i believe was the owner, she happily sat us, told us we could sit wherever we liked. We sat and were promptly welcomed and given menus. Our serve, such a nice young man, suggested some customer favorites and some of his favorites, and we continued to peruse the menu. We did not feel rushed AT ALL. We felt almost at home and so comfortable. We got the chickpea and cauliflower bruschetta and with the first bite we were sold. Everything was so beyond fresh and tasty, it was the perfect portion for 2 people sharing, we got one large piece each. LOVED it Then for dinner we had the seared brussel sprouts, roasted sweet potatoes and their famous grilled pizza "the foundation" all made vegan. OMG...the flavors burst in your mouth, it was truly amazing. you could taste the freshness in each bite and we knew it was made to order, there's no mistake in that.The pizza was perfect, it was thin and crispy but not cracker crispy. The tomatoes were so sweet but did not taste like sugar was added and it was vegan cheese on top, we added crimini mushrooms and arugula...WOW...the cheese was perfectly spread out, not too much not too little and the same for the toppings, and it was just beyond anything we've ever had before. I"M SO HOOKED. I can't wait to go back!OH! Before I forget! DESSERT! We had their special, home made bruschetta bread with melted chocolate and a light sprinkle of sea salt...i could have died happy after this meal...every single craving or expectation we had was met and far exceeded! the staff was really friendly and cheery and the food will speak for itself...you need to try this place...thinking of going back this weekend!Well done True North, you'll be seeing us often and we will most definitely be recommending you guys to friends and family, just be sure to save us a table when you get uber famous ;)
<review# 660,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/11/2013,1/19/2013,34,323,,8,2>A great addition to the neighborhood. Finally a good restaurant that isn't a pizzeria. It's definitely the best Thai food in the area with many other good options from their Japanese portion of the menu. Much better than the other local options in Maplewood or Millburn. Having been to Thailand before, I've got to say that they stay very close to the true essence of the dishes both in balance of flavor and spice. They have a decent sized menu with many options to choose from. I ordered the Drunken Noodles (pad ki mao) and they were very flavorful with a hint of heat to them. My wife had the lettuce wraps (which were very tasty and the lettuce was fresh and crisp) and a spicy tuna roll (which was filled with plenty of fish, very fresh and a nice bit of spice to it). The restaurant itself is nicely decorated with a relaxing atmosphere. It's definitely a place we'll be going back to many times.And side note...its BYOB.
<review# 661,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/28/2011,1/18/2013,129,256,13,6,4>Low prices and thorough service make this the only carwash worth going to in JC. $8 for a complete (inside and out) hand car wash ($10 for SUVs) is a pretty good deal, considering that they also remove and wash your interior car mats, clean your windows (inside) with windex, and vacuum the floors / seats. If you ever have an issue with service, make sure you go inside the office and let the lady (the owner) know; she'll go outside and either clean it herself, or (my favorite) scream at the top of her lungs so that any worker within a 3 block radius will hear her and clean it up for you. Win
<review# 662,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/8/2013,1/17/2013,99,312,2,4,3>Very Happy customer.My friends and I ended up here because the place we wanted to go to had too long of a wait and we had already planned on BYOB and had 2 large bottles of wine on a Friday night.2 of my friends are very very picky eaters so once they took a look at the menu, they assumed they would like anything and safely decided on the burgers although they knew they wouldn't like it. 2 of us also ordered the Tulsi chicken. When we got our food, everything looked AMAZING and tasted amazing. I ate my dinner so quickly, it was so delicious. The burgers also got great reviews from my friends. Our server was Leshore (I believe). He was also great! he answered all of our questions and was extremely attentive.Atmosphere is very intimate and trendy, and modern looking.Finally, the icing on the cake was that for 5 people, the bill was only $51. Good and cheap! awesome. Cant wait to go there again.
<review# 663,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/3/2013,1/16/2013,38,85,4,7,3>This is the first place I got lunch at when I began working in Cranford back in 2009, I've been back plenty of times, and I will continue to eat their pizza.  I've gone with my two bosses, my sister, my girlfriend, and two clients (all during lunch hours).Parking:There is a small lot on the side of the building, and another across the street.  Feed the meter or the weird scooter riding cranford cops might write you a ticket.  There is street parking and I'm really not sure if that's metered too since I always go in the lot.All i've ever ordered is pizza.  Plain slices, deep dish, sicilian, you name it and I'll eat it.  they really make a great pizza.  The 'grandma' slice is top notch.  Buffalo Chicken is another go-to slice.  I recently had the deep dish vegetable, they gave me a fork and knife in the takeout box - that's the only way to eat that slice.The staff is very friendly, never rude.  They take credit cards, But I'm pretty sure you need a minimum of $10.  I'll visit again ion the near future.
<review# 664,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/29/2012,1/15/2013,209,524,2,6,4>Terrific food, full bar, great service but you pay a bit for it all. A visiting relative said "let me buy you guys a nice dinner", and who are we to argue?  I agree with Krista that this is one of the nicest, classiest restaurants in Motown.We visited on a snowy Saturday evening.  Coat check was very welcome.  Seated at 6pm we were one of just four tables (maybe the in crowd comes later :).  The noise level was low and the new age music was easy to hear but never blocked conversation. Dim lighting was still bright enough to read the menu.  For me, just right for a great dinner spot!Our friendly waiter immediately brought water and a small bread basket with butter. Little pretzel rolls were outstanding!  For starters I tried the Sixpoint Bengali ale, on tap from Brooklyn, Steve B's recommendation, a little spicy and very good!The appetizers are a funny mix of gourmet food and pub grub. Gourmet: seared fois gras.  Pub: fried calamari. Gourmet: tuna and salmon tartare.  Pub: cheese fries. We caved to temptation and got the deconstructed cheese fries, which was a portion of super hot fries with a tiny chafing dish of cheese fondue for dipping, complete with its own warming candle.  The cheese sauce was tangy with gruyere and flavored mildy with beer, simply yummy yummy.Salads include the usual suspects (caesar, spinach) and beet salad.  We ordered a beet salad which arrived with sliced baby beets on top of a single leaf of boston lettuce; really just a taste, not a huge portion.David Todd offers many, many choices of seafood, and the one special that evening was halibut.  Our dinners lived up to expectations.   The churrasco steak is a generous portion of perfectly grilled hangar stack that spent a long time in a chimichurri marinade, tender and tasty, with a perfect baked potato.  The cajun redfish (apparently like a red snapper) was appropriately peppery and served with delectable mashed potatoes and a diced pepper side, very decorative.  Beef wellington ravioli was a thick chewy envelope around ground meat heavily accented with garlic, in a rich broth, these were irresistable.  And seared ahi tuna over white (cream) risotto with peas and shitake mushrooms was very possibly the best of all the entires, seared outside with perfectly raw fish in the center, luxuriously creamy rice, and a portion size that was just perfect for one person.We couldn't even look at the dessert menu so i can't give any help here.Definitely come here on business (hello, expense account!) or when your parents are in town, and I have to say the food was so good that it just might be worth saving up to pay on your own.
<review# 665,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/20/2012,1/14/2013,134,111,5,6,5>Fresh baked items, unique food flavors, a clean space, and warm hospitality.  What more can you ask for?Bakery: I love the hotdog in sweet bread.  My mom loves the sesame ball things.  It's funny because, back when he was still the boyfriend, my fiancé would go in asking for sesame balls so he could bring them for my mom.  After maybe the second time he went, it's automatic now.  He walks in, and they tell him if they have any left, and if they do, they'll ask him how many he needs or how many they have left.  Too cute.Cafe: I really liked the Fried Shrimp Wontons (DimSum)... SO fresh and tasty, and not at all heavy.  Sometimes you get a wonton/dumpling and it's just so heavy on the dough part that it overpowers the actual filling.  But not this.  You can really taste the shrimp and you can appreciate the freshness of it.  Also love the crispy fried filet over spaghetti with tomato sauce... SO GOOD.  Loved the sauce/spaghetti.  I literally just salivated thinking about it.  Doesn't even need parmesan for me, and I ALWAYS put cheese on my spaghetti.  I know it sounds strange - fried fish + spaghetti?  But it was a really good flavor combo for me.  It might have had cumin in it?  I could be totally off, but there was an almost curry-type of seasoning that I loved and gave it that unique taste.  I like going to places where I can have food that I can't replicate at home.  It's the whole point of eating out!  Well, one of them. :)We're fans, and we'll keep coming back for years.
<review# 666,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/8/2011,1/13/2013,36,52,4,4,3>You know what...I AM a fan.  I'll say it!This place is literally right around the corner on 5th and Bloomfield.  There are some cute (can a guy say cute?) little tables outside during the spring and summer and about 15 tables inside.  I've seen a party of 1 up to a party of about 20 fit nicely in this place.The decor is basic but it works because the food is basic.  There are no frills with the presentation or preparation, however everything is fresh and flavorful.I usually like to start with the giant Caesar Salad that could feed 4.  My go to here is the chicken parm, but I've also had the ravioli and muscles as a meal.  Everything was delish.Lot's of Italian places to choose from in Hoboken and this is one of the better choices.BYOB!!!!!
<review# 667,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/10/2012,1/12/2013,45,157,2,4,3>Time and time again this place has been my go-to when I'm running out of Hoboken and need a quick bite to eat. The staff is incredibly friendly and their made to order food is DELICIOUS! They have an extremely varied menu but I usually stick with a staple Egg, Cheese and Tomato sandwich of a Pumpernickel Bagel. YUMM!! Another time I was feeling saucy and decided to get a Tuna-Wrap... YUMMM!!! Aside from the made to order food, they have an ENORMOUS selection of snacks and drinks. This place is PACKED TIGHT and probably can't fit (comfortably) more than five people at a time, but that's never a problem because they are FAST and so is the food! Also, the coffee is GREAT! It's no wonder that even though Dunkin Donuts is literally in the same plaza, it doesn't seem to effect this little markets profits one bit! Make sure you give this place a try, it's worth the stop!
<review# 668,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/3/2013,1/11/2013,64,21,,9,6>I work in Secaucus, so I come here for lunch on occasion.  That being said, I've only ever gotten the lunch special, but that alone has made enough of an impression on me to write a review.The lunch special is $9 and includes your choice of 5 entrees and 2 starters.  Chicken Shawarma, Beef Shawarma, Chicken Kabob, Kofta Kabob or Chicken Thigh Kebob are your entree choices.  Your starter choices are house salad, hummus, lentil soup, meatball soup or baba ghanouj.  Not bad choices for $9!  They give you a good amount too, I always bring some home.  I've had the beef and chicken shawarma and the salad, hummus and baba ghanouj and every time I've ordered, the meal has been extremely tasty and consistent.The service is quick and courteous too.I've never been there for dinner or any other meal, but from the other reviews it sounds like the rest of their menu is just as delectable.  The rest of the prices seem like they are reasonable also.   I'm glad there is a place like this around my office so I don't have to eat at Wendy's or Subway all the time! One of these days I will venture off the lunch special and try some more of their menu.
<review# 669,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/21/2012,1/10/2013,219,355,2,6,6>GREAT place for prepared Korean favorites, comfort food and catering.  I discovered this place when my mother placed a catering order based on her experience at a recent college reunion party.  As a bonus, with deposit, you can get your appetizers beautifully presented in round lacquered traditional Korean serving containers.  My mother ordered the chicken wings which were so delicious in a proprietary house special sauce (I think I tasted kochee chang paste in it ... DELICIOUS), as well as the seafood pajun and a couple other dishes.  Catering aside, this is a great place to come in for a few dishes to take home.  Pricing seemed reasonable to me and the store is very clean, much more sanitary and convenient than going to the average Korean grocery stores to pick up these tasty treats.  Will have to try going in later to get the 30% off.
<review# 670,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/14/2012,1/9/2013,299,312,11,7,7>HOLY SHIYAT!!!!! This place is offffff theeeee chaiiiinnnn!!!!!!! A fellow coworker took several of us here on a Friday for an office lunch outing. Since we are all food scientists you can pretty much deduce that we all love our food. I didn't expect much when i heard about it, heck I am sad to say I didn't trust his judgement (at first). Boy was I mistaken. Thsi little gem has shot to the top of my list of Italian delis. Hoboken, Lisa's & Fiore"s better watch out. They don't have nuttin on this place. Seriously well crafted sandwiches with tons of creative thought put into different textures and flavors. My mouth went on a flavor vacation that afternoon. You know it is good when you find youself thinking about that last bite weeks afterwards. My next visit will be carefully cherished and not interrupted by other people. Maybe I will sit in the corner (solo) and whisper sweet nothings to my delicious sandwich as we share our moment. Yeah, I just said that.
<review# 671,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/7/2012,1/8/2013,135,103,9,9,7>Yes, as most have already stated, this place is TAKE OUT ONLY.  I was randomly driving by, and starving, so pulled over to grab something that wouldn't make me a complete fatty mc. fatterson.  There's also a pizza place, a chinese food place, and a deli on this strip, so this was my best bet.My original thought was ... uhhhh I guess I'll eat in my car (i do that usually anyway, so it's not a big deal... just thought it was kinda strange to not even have a table or two).As I was looking at a menu I noticed the prices were rather high.  Espeically for it's location... it wasn't anywhere special.  For a basic spicy tuna roll it was $5.50, and spicy yellowtail was $5.75.What they DON'T tell you when you order, is that if you get brown rice instead, it's an extra dollar for each roll.  So two basic, boring rolls plus a Snapple ended up being $16.31.  Now this is way more than I usually spend on lunch.  Especially to take it and eat in my car.  I was a little annoyed, but starving... and as I've mentioned I get cranky when I'm hungry so there was really no other choice but to suck it up and hand the lady my credit card.  She really should have told me there was a surcharge for brown rice, but I guess that wouldn't have changed my decision to get it anyway, so I should stop bitching about it.So I get in my car and start arranging my little plastic bowl on my lap and pouring the soy sauce in.  This isn't my first time at the rodeo.  I'm in sales.  My car serves as my kitchen table as well as my office.  Here's where I'll give them props.  The rolls were GOOD.  And plump as well.  Is that a good adjective to describe sushi?  I don't know, but in any case I had a hard time fitting them in my mouth, they were so big.There I go again....In summary, a bit over priced, but definitely quality sushi.  And remember, folks... TAKE OUT ONLY.  Don't bring your romantic date here.
<review# 672,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/12/2012,1/7/2013,294,133,4,10,9>First and foremost, the pizza here is decent, though it isn't anything special.  This place is your typical pizzeria that has your specialty pizzas, subs, heroes, calzones, pasta, and other Italian style dishes.  However, what is GREAT here is their mac & cheese!You would not know it by the name "Pizza Republic", but once you see their sign outside for the different kinds of Mac & Cheese, you should be intrigued to try one of them.   They have around 14 different types of Mac & Cheese platters to choose from.  Out of the ones that I have tried, here are my personal favorite Mac & Cheeses:White Truffle  -- Parmigiano Reggiano & White Truffle The Mac Daddy  -- Meatballs, sausage, cheddar & homemade sliced crispy onion rings.Four Cheese -- Cheddar, American, Monterey jack and Asiago cheeses.The others I've tried included:San Gennaro -- Cheddar and  American cheeses, Italian sausage, onions & peppersPesto  -- Pesto, goat cheese, white cheddar & Gorgonzola.Take a look at the Mac & Cheese menu yourself, and see what you may want to try, people will always have different tastes!As for the prices, all the Mac & Cheeses are around $9 (except for the Mac Daddy at $11) and you get a pretty sizable platter.  I can honestly say they give you a lot for the price you pay and its a great bang for your buck price.The decor is like a normal pizzeria and if you want to try something different and good, don't go here for the pizza, just try the Mac & Cheese! Note: They are able to take orders online from their website, so that can help if you're into doing that.  I have never tried getting food this way though.
<review# 673,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/6/2012,1/6/2013,475,804,2,6,7>Ok, I'm updating my review to five stars.  This place is the bomb because:- Butter cookies, amazing!  So moist and buttery, every bite is heaven.  The other kinds of cookies are good too, but these are the star of the bakery in my opinion.  - Espresso, yummy.  - Fresh baked Italian bread is insanely good especially if you can get it hot out of the oven.  And if they are selling the cherry tomato focaccia bread by the bakery cash register, you must get a slice!  Perfect proportion of bread, olive oil, and tomatoes.  I try to get a piece every Sunday. - Sfogliatelles (triangle shaped pastries filled with ricotta with lemon zest).  The flavor of the citrus is so well proportioned to the ricotta and pastry crust, it's the best thing ever.   I can't pronounce it, but they don't hate on you if you point to it.The pizza is only ok in my opinion.  It's a great deal if you are trying to fill up on the cheap because the slices are insanely big.  They also sell day old bread in the front.  During the hurricane I came in late to see if they had any more fresh bread.  They were sold out, but the Grandma recommended I get the old bread to put in my soup I was having for dinner.  It was amazing.  Really made my soup a meal and provided the highlight to my powerless and heat-less day.  My next day's highlight was a few of her butter cookies after dinner.  Last night I ordered Penne Alla Vodka from the pizza counter and was in heaven.  This is my favorite pasta dish to order from pizza restaurants, so I've had it everywhere, and I can honestly say I have only had it better once before, from a place in Staten Island and they may have won it because they sprinkled fresh chopped basil on top.  The sauce was so well prepared, not too heavy but still flavorful.  I have a new level or love for Rizzos. What everyone says about it being a family operation is true, but more than just that, all the family members are genuinely nice.  I live around the corner and come in all the time, and everybody is always lovely.  I think Charles L.'s negative review is completely off the mark.
<review# 674,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/18/2012,1/5/2013,11,36,,5,3>Because I used to work in next town this restaurant was on my "favorites" list. Huge good steaks with enormously sized prepared in house potato chips, paellas, calamari and lobsters were always delicious. My favorite was stuffed lobster with rice, carrots and green beans. During last visit I was going to order the same lobster, but yielded waiter's suggestion and had a dish with three smaller lobster tails. It was almost good, a bit too hard to chew, though. The rice for some reason was bitter (I thought you can't go wrong with rice...). My friend had large clams stuffed with mixture of scallops and something else-quite good, sweet tasting. Salads there were never a forte and it still remains the same. Desserts, if there is any room after really big portions are good. We had ice cream with berries mixed into it. Service is attentive. The only problem is long waiting time during dinner rush. It is better during lunch time.
<review# 675,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/24/2012,1/4/2013,67,107,2,5,5>If Boston has Cheers, Metuchen has Hailey's.  When I am home one of my first stops is to have a perfect pour.  The staff has been schooled on making the rounds, ensuring all feel welcomed. When you first walk in through the door or if you have been sitting for some time, they are always making you feel as if you matter. I have become a semi regular as I wait for my bride and daughter to get their nails done. I sit and watch them pour my Green Flash Extra Pale Ale (I'm a BIG IPA/EPA fan) accompanied by Hailey's Eggplant Tower. My daughter always makes sure I have the Corned Beef and Cabbage Spring Rolls waiting for her.   The menu is a traditional Irish Pub's Menu.  Ask for the daily specials, Chef Johnny O  and Moe have pleasantly surprised me. Go for the beer, eat the food, and stay for the entertainment. Remember to always drink responsibly.Crazy Cubano Out
<review# 676,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/8/2012,1/3/2013,256,803,,6,2>Fantastic find at great prices.  I feel lucky today.Come lunch time for shorter wait time. And come before the sunday after mass crowd (around 1pm).  Everyone is ordering bottled water which makes me believe that we are at the right place (Portuguese drink bottled water right?... hope NJ water is still drinkable).Fillet mignon on hot stone - $25 for two fillets!!  It is a DIY kind of dish so be ready to cook your mignon to your liking.  Dont be shy in  using that garlic butter and a drop if lemon for flavor.  We love it.  Comes with rice and fried potato chips.  Plenty for two.The garlic shrimp for $10 is also super flavorful.  It is on the saltier side which is perfect for dunking the bread.They have a full bar... glass of sangria for $5.  Beer for $3.  Can't be beat.
<review# 677,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/28/2012,1/2/2013,144,275,3,6,7>Big ol' bar/restaurant smack in the middle of Downtown Rahway. The space is huge with a ton of tables and a large, long bar. Good amount of TVs and free WiFi. I usually only drink Yuengling or Magic Hat, but there's a nice list of bottled beers as well as as draft. Did I mention the Magic Hat is on draft? Amazing. The kitchen stays open quite late, which is great if you're hopping off a train from the city with s grumbling belly. I highly recommend the chicken caesar salad, and it's brother the chicken caesar wrap. The dressing is homemade and oh so delish.  Burgers are popular here, and they make an amazing Reuben. The staff and service were okay. Most seem to be Rahway locals and you can tell because many of their friends stop in and chat it up for a while. The bathrooms are pretty clean, but they have some weird decor I just can't get down with. Solid lunch/dinner spot if you're in the area.
<review# 678,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/13/2012,1/1/2013,22,109,2,7,3>Excellent fish and chips! Being of Scottish heritage, I grew up on fish and chips. My family would frequent Kearny to get fish and chips (and then go down the block to get Scottish sausages!). As such, fish and chips is one of my favorite, if not my favorite, foods. I therefore decided to have a go at Cod Almighty Chippery due to the reviews I had seen on Yelp.I went during dinner time. There was only one other family in the restaurant. The restaurant itself is small- not too many seats (normal for a Scottish chips shop). The atmosphere is very chip shoppy.The menu at Cod Almighty has fish and chips as well as a variety of other fish foods. I of course had to try the fish and chips. Ordering was fast and efficient. You also pay up front. The fish and chips came out pretty quickly. Like other fish shops, you have the option of using malt vinegar (which also adds to the fish and chip shop smell!). Upon cutting into the fish, I noticed right away that it was very flakey (like it should be!). Upon tasting, it was very good. It most definitely beats out fish and chips that you get at normal restaurants, however it wasn't quite up to the real Scottish Kearny fish and chips. The fish was pretty decent, but the batter was just missing something (can't put my finger to it).The fries were shoe string fries- they were decent, but not the best.Overall, it was a good experience. If I don't want to drive out all the way to Kearny, this is a good option!
<review# 679,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/18/2011,12/31/2012,100,298,1,8,3>I had the opportunity to grab a bite to eat here recently on an overnight trip.  I was looking for something different than other great places that Morristown has to offer, and I found this place.Not too far away is an Afghani place I went to a long time ago, and there's plenty of (almost) generic Middle Eastern places around this part of the state.  Marjan offers you something different, and it's well worth stopping in.The staff was excellent, very friendly and helpful with the menu.  Admittedly I cheated by IM'ing an Iranian friend while I was reviewing the menu online before venturing in.  I knew what I wanted before I even walked the door.  I had a good appetizer of Mast-o-Khiyar that was yogurt, mint, dill and cucumber with some awesome, fresh naan-like bread.  It would have been better for splitting because I wasn't going to down roughly a pint of yogurt before my meal.  As an entree, my friend challenged me to try Gourmeh Sabzi, a stew of some strong herbs, beef, beans, potatoes, preserved lime (new to me), and some other  good stuff.  She told me I'd love it or hate it.  I loved it, so I guess I passed a Persian test.The atmosphere is very pleasant.  There were a couple of large groups, some couples enjoying a bottle of wine with their meal (BYOB), and solo me.  I think everyone felt comfortable being there.The menu has lots of kabob choices as well as more stews and other entrees.  The beverages and desserts looked good, but I was sticking with water and couldn't have thought about desert.  Next time I'll plan better.I suggest giving this a try.  I know I want to make it back for more!
<review# 680,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/6/2012,12/29/2012,24,141,,2,2>We've been walking by this place for two years now and never thought to drop in and check it out. Well we've been missing out because the food was excellent. Perhaps it was the recent renovation that made us walk in or the fact that we've tried everything else in the area. You can see all the cooking going on from just about any table, there  are only 5 so it's very intimate. You are not rushed like many other restaurants and it's byob. We had the butternut squash soup, scallop empanadas, Shrimp and Scallops Skewers, and Grilled Vegetables with Orzo. The food tastes light and fresh, portions are a good size, and everything is nicely seasoned. Victoria and Lilly really make you feel as if you stepped out of North Bergen and into Europe. I'd suggest for everyone to try it, especially the locals to support a quality restaurant. I'd put her food up against anything in the area and her prices are more than fair. If you're not from the area, take a ride to North Bergen, have dinner, and then walk our beautiful blvd east and take in the views.
<review# 681,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/31/2012,12/28/2012,137,143,1,6,4>I am a BIG FAN of QIN DYNASTY. It is prolly right now my FAV AUTHENTIC CANTONESE SEAFOOD SPOT in NNJ if not all of NJ.Think Chinatown but much cleaner and much more room.This is one of those places where 90% of the patrons are all Asian (MY KINDA PLACE) and the waiters don't speak much English, but just enough to understand what you want which is cool with me.Do not come here thinking this is your run of the mill general tso chicken take out joint, cause if you come here thinking that you will be sadly disappointed and prolly should be slapped for ordering such crap american food at an authentic place just kidding I love generals tso chicken, but this is not the place to order it from lol j/k. So don't surprised if they don't take you serious for not ordering from the Chinese menu where the real stuff is at.When it is not Dim Sum I always start with spring rolls. Depending on the size of the party I come with. I try to come here with at least 6 people, thinking about it, this place would be perfect to put together a Yelp Event.. Gonna talk to some of the Elites and try to put something together. This is the kind of the place where its best two go with a larger party and sit at a Large round table and just order mounds of stuff and just share everything family style.But as I was saying.....We almost always start with a bunch of orders of spring rolls, which are just heavenly. They are out of this world. Homemade and just perfection. so much better then most. They are very porky which I totally love. They also have a skinnier roll made with the same fried rice skin which is just shrimp which is just as awesome.Another appetizer which we order first before any of the main entrees is the Xiao Long Bao. Translation Juicy Pork Soup Dumplings. Yep those same ones famous at Joe's Shanghai in Chinatown and at Petite Soo Chow in Cliffside park,They are just as good as both and I prefer the total food exp here much better then either.After the soup dumplings have been literally inhaled we order the main courses.We ALMOST ALWAYS order a lobster w ginger and scallions over fried noodles or twin lobsters with ginger and scallions if I am with a larger party.Fresh from the large fish tank to your plate, it does not get any fresher. The lobster is always cooked perfect, is of high quality and is just so tender, meaty, sweet, succulent, and meshes so perfect with the ginger, scallions and Chinese wine.Perfection!!!!!!!Another of our staples is the salt and pepper pork chops, basically pork chops that are in a salt and pepper batter which are cooked to succulent perfection. They are always cooked perfectly and are always a big winner at our table.For dark meat we tend to get the T-bone steak which is marinated lightly and cooked to perfection.For our veggie, we always go with the Snow Pea Leaves..... Yes the leaves from a snow pea shoot. You think snow pea's are awesome, wait to you try snow pea leaves, think spinach that is not minerally but rather sweet.PERFECT!!!!!! it is sauteed in garlic. just delishFor rice we always order at least one order of young chow fried rice which is always cooked to perfection. The rice being fresh, and all the ingredients equally as fresh. Perfect side dish to compliment the rest of the meal.Everything is placed in the middle of the table and we all help ourselves and just dig in. True Harmony. Oh and did I mention that they are BYOB!!!! SCORE.This place rocks!!!!!
<review# 682,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/11/2012,12/27/2012,1550,325,1,14,6>Friend and I had dinner here last night.  It was the first time either of us have been here.  We read all the internet posting that we could find and were prepared to deal with questionable service, questionable spice levels and some unique foods.First, the service was perfect.  All of our dishes were well paced and water glasses etc filled promptly.  Zero complaints.We began with the Cucumber Salad (Cucumber with tomatoes mixed with Thai herbs and spices.) at our requested heat level of 2.  The heat level was perfect.  However, the dish was just so so.  I would only order it again if I was there with a large group.Our second starter was the Lao Crepe (Chicken meat, rice noodles, bean sprouts, cilantros and scallions in rice noodle wraps.)  There really isn't much chicken in the dish nor is it necessary.  This was one of the top two items of the night.  Friend's main dish was Red Curry Chicken (Red curry, coconut milk, basils, bell peppers, eggplants, chicken and string beans.)  Despite this being on the Thai portion of the menu it didn't taste quite like most red curry dishes.  The sauce was very fragrant almost flower-like.  Disappointingly, we didn't see much eggplant.  Friend went with heat level of 2 but might have been happier with 1.My main dish was Larb Pla (Crispy fish, rice power, lemon leaf, cilantro, scallions, galangal with their homemade sauce.)  I went with the heat level of 3.  It was hot.  Level 3 is not for the faint of heart.  Overall, I only liked this dish and wasn't in love with it.  It was too much of the same thing and would be much better if served family style among a group of friends.  Unfortunately, my friend doesn't like fish so sharing was out of the question.  Side note:  it says the item is "cold" but it is actually served at room temperature.Dessert was the other top item of the night.  We tried the Ka-nohm Krok (Made from flour, mini-pancake like shapes with crispy sides and creamy coconut center flavored with palm sugar and scallions,)  Shockingly, this is the dish that would probably lure me back for a repeat visit.  It smells like a savory appetizer due to the fried flour and scallions.  However, the coconut center is gelatin-like and sweetened by the palm sugar.  This is something you should definitely try!
<review# 683,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/1/2012,12/26/2012,246,385,4,7,7>I never reviewed B&W? Well, that has to change...  As everyone else has already noted, they have the absolute best crumb cake you will ever find anywhere in you life, ever.  They also make an apple crumb variety that is good, but, in my opinion, not quite as good as the regular crumb.  I prefer the regular because (of course) it has the most crumbs!  The actual cake part is moist and not too thick and the crumbs on top are plentiful and gigantic.  The crumbs to cake ratio is something like 3 to 1, which, for me, is perfection.As for their other baked treats.... perfectly good Italian cookies, doughnuts, cannoli's, and fantastic rye bread (they will slice it for you)!Get there early if you want a cheese danish... if you're late, by the whole Danish cake!We got a regular cake for Superbowl Sunday last year and it wasn't anything special.They also have an assortment of pies which I've never tried and will probably get to taste this Fall.  Definitely try the crumb cake though.  It's what B&W is known for!Oh, and CASH ONLY!!! ATM on site!
<review# 684,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/15/2012,12/25/2012,397,687,4,6,4>This is yet another Newark Irish pub/restaurant that we seem to frequent on special occasions.  Now from the outside, you'd think you're heading into the bar in the Deer Hunter-it looks like some run-down hole in the wall from coal-country western, PA (not taking any shots there, I've been in GREAT bars that look like crap from the outside).  However, once you sit down, order a cold beer (Guinness on tap, thank you very much) and look over the menu, you realize that you've entered the twilight zone of deliciousness.  I've probably eaten here 15-18 times and the food is awesome.  Burgers always done perfectly (and I've had almost all of them-close your eyes and pick one...you can't go wrong), appetizers are normal bar fare (go with the lava fries or the chili cheese fries for a nice little fattening slice of goodness), and the sandwiches I've tried have all been pretty damn good too (Corned beef sandwich in an Irish pub...c'mon, this is a home run).  Can't comment on the wraps or salads because any self-respecting guy (or girl) isn't getting a salad at an Irish pub.So get yourself past the outside view (don't judge a book by it's cover) and get inside for a great meal, some cold beer, and another place in Newark where the bartenders and wiat staff actually give a crap and want you to come back!
<review# 685,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/2/2012,12/24/2012,61,171,2,3,3>I am so proud of myself for finally coming here! I came here with my munchkin last weekend for some late night pizza with the family.  Instead of going to our usual spot near where I live, I decided to take the extra 5 minute drive and come here instead and boy am I glad.This is one if not the best pizza I have ever had.  The entrance to the pizzeria is on the side of the building, which I was not aware of until I attempted to enter through the front.  I came inside and was automatically greeted by two of the employees.  I told them how excited I was to try their famous pizza and how I found out about them through yelp.  The owner (or so I believe) allowed me to go see the famous brick oven! He was a pretty cool  guy.  He told me that I would never want regular oven pizza after I tried pizza cooked in a brick oven.  He pulled out my two large pies that were well done and they looked delicious!I paid $34 for two large pies with toppings on them...Yes its a bit expensive compared to other pizzeria's, but it's well worth it!  My pineapple pizza was perfect! The crust was thin...just how I like it and the sauce was amazinnnggggg!!!Will be back soon!!!!
<review# 686,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/1/2011,12/23/2012,188,100,2,7,2>Oh, Tapas. This is one of those local, "go-to" places that I've been to a bunch of times but never bothered to Yelp... so... here we are.I'll pretty much be reiterating what everybody else here said, so don't say I didn't warn you: - The sangria here is a world of YES. It's made the right way, with fruit that's been soaking in brandy and other goodness (unlike that of my other local haunt, Las Palmas). Red or white, it's all delicious (though I, usually a white drinker, prefer the red). - Major points for ambiance -- Tapas easily has my favorite bar atmosphere of any local place. Exposed brick, terra cotta, dim lighting, enjoyable music... I dig it. - The food is good. Some items avoidable (beware the sometimes overcooked shrimp in the gambas al ajillo, which makes me sad because anything al ajillo is generally my friend), some pretty bangin' (Hello, potato! Greetings, pulpo!)... free soup is always a bonus, no? The tapas range from meh to rockin'... I'd say check out other tables, and whatever's disappearing the the plates most quickly will be your best bet that evening.All in all, if you're not feeling the trek into NYC, roll over to Tapas - it's an easy solve, and sure to hit the spot (or at least close to it!).
<review# 687,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/11/2012,12/22/2012,50,310,4,6,3>How did I never find this great eatery before now?  I was looking through other Yelpers reviews and saw it.  For some reason it didn't catch my eye on prior searches.  Any who, very friendly service, tight seating (but who cares) and a tad loud, but we were in a grille not a library.  On to the good stuff, food.........Wow, the wing selection was extensive and the actual product was quite tasty.  My spouse's sliders were really good, with a nice amount of cheese and thick patties.  The Cajun grilled chicken on my salad was spicy (which is a strong plus for me) and the spinach/strawberry salad was fantastic.  They definitely were not skimpy on the toppings and the dressing was just the right amount.  We will definitely be back and probably soon to be regulars.
<review# 688,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/6/2012,12/21/2012,106,185,4,6,6>Get ready for a lot of asides and parantheses (you've been warned).Best sushi I've had in a while - and it was delivery (as of today, I am not aware of a DiGiorno sushi line).Went on GrubHub (uh, when did NJ get GrubHub? I used it literally every day in Chicago, so I'm happy it's made its way over to the East Coast) - and searched for sushi. Istana was the first result and I clicked (read = laziness FTW).Ordered the Spicy Tuna Roll (extra ginger please!) and the Spicy Girl roll (snaps in Z formation) and it was promptly delivered ahead of the time GrubHub predicted!The sushi was delicious - very flavorful, and came with that extra ginger. Left me a full and happy (and maybe a little spicy) girl.
<review# 689,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/17/2012,12/20/2012,216,136,9,7,6>This place rocks. I emailed them to ask if my boyfriend can take a class to see if this is a gym he would be interested in joining as he is a MASSIVE INSANE CRAYCRAY UFC fan. It would be my birthday gift to him. They emailed me back and said he AND I can take a class for free and decide if we like it. The coach / manager Jeffery was a doll. He showed us around and introduced us to some important peeps who fought in the UFC. Really awesome, my boyfriend was totally in his element. The gym is reasonably sized and even has an apartment upstairs where members can just hang out and watch TV. It honestly felt like I was in the Real World UFC. So I took the class too. I was the only girl. And I think I definitely kicked some a$$! Woo Hoo. Everyone was so nice and forthcoming. Nobody was creeping on me for being the only fah-male in the room. The other thing is, some of these guys are pros but were helping out the beginners like it aint no thang. Really awesome "bro-ski" vibe. I felt like one of the boys.Jason, the boyfriend, ended up signing up to the gym because he enjoyed it so much. Really cool experience for his birthday. Thanks EDGE for an awesome Friday night!
<review# 690,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/26/2012,12/18/2012,30,61,6,3,3>Had a date here with my BF last Saturday night - First of all, it's so fucking loud in there, I was yelling to my boyfriend a foot away so he could hear me. There were like 200 people in there - all yelling like me. The sangria was delicious (and heavy on the brandy), so I was plastered after 3 glasses. A large pitcher is $22 (apparently 2 people can kill this pitcher and still drive home)Some guy came up and just poured soup in our bowls without us asking for it, I don't know if it was free or not, but it was like my grandma made it in the back or something, so good. We shared beef empanadas (A+), Creole Clams (A+), and the escargot (C-)The escargot was too chewy and garlicky, just not pleasant to eat. We shared tiramisu for dessert and it was heavenly.I recommend this place if you don't mind dropping a pretty penny for some amazing tapas and drinks. Also I definitely think this is the type of place that would be perfect to come to in a big group, splitting the cost of pitchers and tapas would be easier on everyone.
<review# 691,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/29/2012,12/17/2012,55,65,1,12,7>I have been taking my dog here since he was a puppy. I have seen multiple doctors, and they all have done a great job. They aren't pushy with adding special blood samples or additional charges or hidden fees like OTHER Hoboken Animal Hospitals are.In the wake of Hurricane Sandy, the hospital closed for repairs. My dog started to develop an ear infection. The hospital directed patients to call their other clinics outside of Hoboken, and I did this. I explained that I do not own a car, and getting to their clinic would be difficult - I would either have to take a taxi or rent a car.Dr. Tudor called me. He said that he would do a housecall, for no additional charge other than the normal fee that I would pay if I took my dog to the hospital.Who does this? We live in a world with fees, charges and rules where if you went anywhere else they would figure out a way to dig into your pocket for money.The doctor came to my condo, looked at my dog for 5 minutes, handed me ear drops for my dog and told me what to do. Oh - also gave my dog a shot to help with his inflammation. The clinic called me, got my credit card info and my dog is happy.I would recommend them to everyone.
<review# 692,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/25/2012,12/16/2012,100,74,,4,4>Hubby and I are huge fans of Bottagra. The owners are young and talented. The menu has classic Italian but with a modern twist. While the specials of the day are always creative and a guaranteed hit, there are some great menu options such as the roasted clam appetizer w/ corn and tomato (phenomenal) and even simpler dishes such as a first rate veal piccata. Ingredients are quality and everything is flavored perfectly. Desserts are wonderful. Ambiance is warm, upscale, somewhat modern but very inviting. Background music is always appropriate. Private rooms are popular for parties as small as 8 with flat screen wall-mounted tv's. Prices are very fair for what you're getting here. Designer cocktails (fig martini w/basil garnish) are on par with trendier bars in the area.A major plus at Bottagra is the service.  Service is truly top-notch and manager Danny is a wonderfully charming host. Only suggestion would be they need a few more guys on the floor serving. Location is not central but I'm very familiar with this area so no problem here. Valet on weekends and reservations highly recommended.
<review# 693,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/4/2012,12/15/2012,1252,1131,4,9,7>food. Interesting name for a restaurant. Wasn't sure what to expect when I went here. It's received decent reviews and they are known for their Sunday brunch. Here is what to expect: Decor - Modern Retro. Open dining area with a cool little beverage bar solely for servers. Casual attire. Food - Decided on the Rodeo burger and my gf went with the kremlin burger (I knew she was a communist!). The fries come in the mini deep fryer looking baskets and were good. The burger was cooked a bit more than I would like however they give you 2 patties (not very large) that kind of remind me of White Castle but fresher and so much better (the style not flavor). The bun was a toasted brioche one that was perfect size and allowed you to eat the burger without being messy...at all. Not one drip of grease or ingredients. Service - No complaints. Wasn't wowed but nothing to be disappointed about. Price - Moderate. Burger is about $12. Overall - Although the place isn't very large the wait time for smaller groups isn't too bad. Tables are turned quite frequently. A good stop in Summit.
<review# 694,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/9/2012,12/14/2012,141,236,5,8,6>Now that I'm way more experienced with Cuban food, I knew exactly what to order from La Conguita ... PERNIL. It has the well deserved title as the house dish. It was such a tender and juicy pernil unlike some places where it's very dry and sometimes hard. I don't like it when my jaw does more work than my stomach. The entrees comes with a side of rice, black beans and sweet plantains which I think is so generous of them considering that this only costs $8. I often stay away from beans but their black beans were amazing, a must try if you dislike beans like me. Just pour the whole bowl of beans over the bed of rice and behold! The greatest additive to rice, EVER. Took me a shamefully long time to learn that you're supposed to pour the beans over the rice. My date got the jalapeno steak sandwich which half of is currently sitting in my fridge as leftovers because the portions are so huge. My date, mind you, is a hungry carnivorous beast of a man and he couldn't even finish half of the sandwich. He told me it was really good though .. I'll eventually try it .. after I finish the leftovers from my pernil.* Yeah, they've got really generous portions and this is coming from a girl who eats her body weight in food every day. I recommend not stuffing your face too much because the food tastes so good as leftovers. We got a shake and the cafe con leche (which I LOVED and I think I would prefer it over my usual cappuccino) and the bill ended up being $25. It was the smallest bill for 2 I've seen in months and the food was great. I really recommend getting the pernil and sticking to the traditional cuban dishes. As for the service, it was absolutely fine. I don't like overly attentive service as it can get a bit annoying so I liked my space and our waitress was pretty helpful picking out a shake for us.*To confirm, yes it was good, and I'm suffering food coma #2.
<review# 695,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/12/2012,12/13/2012,285,181,3,6,4>This great local establishment is the real deal! Friendly and helpful and all the food looks and tastes delicious! I visited this establishment around my birthday because I had a taste for a real home cooked Italian meal. Vitamia met all my requirements for a take home specialty store. Bread that you can't stop eating! A selection of sauces I would drink if it were appropriate! :-) Pasta fresh and delicious,  I tried the ravioli  a bite to the tooth with heavenly basil scented ricotta inside(24), Mama's Sauce (2 qt.) sweet and well balanced with garlic notes,, the sausage bread(1) decadent with sausage flavor, Italian bread(1) you can taste the olive oil, Mozzarella ball (1) fresh,  milky with excellent mouth feel and the tiramisu(1) that wets your mouth with flavor, for a total cost of 65 dollars. The staff was courteous and even gave my 17 month old her own roll to munch on. She perked up, smiled, and said "BREAD" and proceeded to gnaw away at it, with every couple of bites, sharing a bite with me and her mother.  I will be back here the next time to try other favorites and plan my next Italian feast!
<review# 696,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/9/2012,12/12/2012,107,211,2,8,3>Just went here last night and already looking forward to return.  So that's a good sign, right?We started with the guacamole which resembled the guacamole we had in Mexico where crema was added so it had a creamier texture, as opposed to chunky.  I do wish it was spicier but I'm sure you could ask them to throw some chopped jalapenos in there to heat it up.For my main course I chose the Red Sea entree - salmon, scallops and shrimp with tomato sauce over rice.  The portion was plentiful, more than enough for me to eat.  The seafood was cooked well and the sauce was tasty.  My husband went with the Chipotle Chicken chimichanga which was absolutely delicious.  The chicken was cooked well and the salsa, though it was medium, had a definite kick to it.  Also, both dishes came out piping hot which is great.  I hate nothing more than lukewarm food.I also have to give a shout-out to the staff here.  Our waitress was very friendly and helpful and the owner even came over to see how our meal was.  This is a place that definitely cares about its customers and I can't wait to go back.
<review# 697,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/22/2012,12/11/2012,67,108,3,3,3>I love the Tabor Road Tavern! The fiancée and I like to dine at many different restaurants. We have a list half a mile long of places we want to eat and we aim to hit up all of them. Yet last night, we headed out to Tabor Road Tavern for the third time! In fact, we ate here for the first time a year ago on the same night (the night before Thanksgiving) so it's nice to have this budding tradition.First off, the place is gorgeous. The restaurant is a spitting image of an elk's lodge consisting of dark wood, winter warmth, and rustic charm. There are several roaring fireplaces throughout that add to the woodsy, cabin feel. When you walk through the front door, you are greeted by two or three friendly hosts/hostesses. They ask for your name and how your day has been going. In unqualified hands, this conversation could seem forced or unwelcome. But not here. They seem to generally care (whether or not they do is irrelevant). If you have been having a not-so-great day, cheer up because it's about to get a lot better!The first two times we came, I ordered the cowboy steak. Saddle up, little doggy! This meal always seems to be on the specials menu and it should be. It is a very special piece of meat indeed. If you love steak and are wondering which one to get (there are a few on the menu), look no further. Cowboy up!As good as the cowboy steak is, I wanted a different experience last night. I started with an Espresso Martini. Fantastic. This drink was so good that it distracted me from the menu. To stall for time, we ordered appetizers. I got a lentil and bacon soup off the specials menu. It was damn delicious. I lapped it up in-between satisfied moans and "Oh My Gods." The fiancée ordered the calamari. It's a giant plate and we've ordered it every time. This is easily the best calamari we've had in New Jersey. Lightly covered in balsamic reduction with a few cherry peppers embedded in the arugula, this dish is half-spicy, half-sweet, all-perfect.I was going to get the duck for my meal. I really was! But something about eating duck the night before Thanksgiving is a turn off. Two birds in two days doesn't sound like a smart thing to do. Maybe next time--oh yes, there will be a next time!What I love about the dinner menu is that there are a number of different fishes to choose from. One Fish, Two Fish, Red Fish, Mahi-Mahi Fish! Well, our waiter recommend the halibut. He said it's by and large the most popular item on the menu (after the cowboy steak). So I said what the hell and I ordered it. Just for the halibut. Ha! Awesome.Let me tell you how good the halibut is. Are you listening? Please hear this. Read slowly for effect. The halibut is more than just fish. It is a golden brown, crusty sea god that sits atop a tasty pool of grits, basil pesto, and bacon vinaigrette. Take a bite and mix all the juices together and you have a sensational masterpiece melting in your mouth. The fiancée tried it, and tried it again, and again and remarked, "I could eat this every time we come here." I hope she does. I want to go through the rest of the menu but I also want to eat the halibut again and again too!As for her meal, she had the scallops for a second time. Another winner of a dish that is prepared differently each time but is always buttery and delicious. Last night it was served with a cranberry puree and brussels sprouts. Boo on the sprouts. Sorry but they just aren't an appealing food to me. What is appealing however, is the fact that vegetables at Tabor Road Tavern come from nearby local farms. Good on you!We shared a maple Crème Brûlée for dessert with finger pumpkin cakes. It was simply great. I've run out of praiseworthy adjectives here. There aren't enough.Great great great. Service is outstanding. Food is amazing. Fireplaces rule. We will be returning again and again. I can't wait.
<review# 698,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/17/2012,12/10/2012,262,408,4,8,5>This place is the mack daddy of vegetarian/vegan food in downtown JC.I scoped this place out when we started looking to buy our home in Jersey City and knew I would be spending a lot of time here.The vibe is zen/chill like most vegetarian places. I have always been chatted up when I'm there.The food is always really good. I stop every time I am downtown and stock up on my  one thing or another I need for my vegetarian kitchen. Vegenaise, Earth Balance butter, Fakin Bacon, Daiya cheese,Field Roast meatloaf.I am yet to do their weekend brunch but that is on my radar, no doubt.
<review# 699,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/8/2012,12/9/2012,1145,831,5,10,11>Just wanted to update my review with my recent experience of buffet lunch here.As I was at one of my offices on Hudson riverfront, me and my colleagues wanted to try some Indian buffet. After a very long time I was coming for a buffet lunch.This place is not huge and but has decent amount of seating available. They have the lunch buffet from 12 to 3 in the afternoon. When we walked in this place wasn't crowded at all. Here is run down of the food which they had as part of the lunch buffet -Appetizers*Chicken Kofta( Small chicken patties roasted on grill)*Tandoori Chicken*Pakora (Veggies deep fried)Main Course*Chicken Tikka Masal*Aloo Baigan (Egg plant with potatoes dry)* Paneer Chole(Chick peas with indian chesse)* Saag(Rapini and Spinach)* Naan (Bread)* Basmati RiceSides* Three different types of salads* Hot and sweet saucesDessert* Kheer( Rice cooked with milk)Though personally not a very big fan of buffet but my experience here was very pleasant. The appetizers specially chicken kofta were delicious. I felt some of the main course dishes like aloo baigan and paneer chole were very bland. But overall it worth the buck since it's just $10 bucks here for a lunch buffet. They also kept on refilling the buffet table on a regular basis.The servers were attentive.
<review# 700,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/27/2012,12/8/2012,54,110,1,7,3>When we took our cat Triangles to get checked up and checked out for behavioral issues, Dr. Middleton was extremely kind to her and understanding, despite her being an extremely angry and resistant cat to any vet situation.  He was calm, careful, and caring to the point where I felt like I could learn a lot from this gentle, helpful man as a human being.  When he made the unfortunate diagnosis that Triangles' fibrocystic sarcoma, previously removed in 2008, had made its nearly inevitable return, he was extremely certain to work with us in our sudden tearful emotional state, to give us the time we needed and wait for us to be able to hear out our options.  At no point did it seem like he had lost hope and was careful to explain what we could do to help her out.  When we had mentioned that back in 08 we wouldn't put her through the very invasive and painful surgery and lumpectomy, and mentioned we would probably reach out to an in-home euthanization vet, he offered to do it himself when we were ready since we live not too far away.  Dr. Middleton and Merriweather came to our home and were extremely patient with us and our kitty, giving us plenty of time to be with her before and during the painful process.  They were extremely gracious and treated us and Triangles with great dignity.  Without causing further tearjerking, I can only give the utmost recommendation to Village Animal Hospital.  In addition to amazing service and caring people, their rates and prices are far more affordable than I have seen in any other previous vet our cats have been to.
<review# 701,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/24/2012,12/7/2012,237,200,8,14,8>WHY GO TO NYC WHEN WE'VE GOT OUR OWN MUK EUN JI IN PAL PARK?Fun Fact: The name of the restaurant, Muk Eun Ji, is also the name of their specialty Kimchi. This particular type of Kimchi is aged and fermented in low temperatures for a minimum of one year.A quick drive down Broad Avenue will make you wonder whether you're in NJ or K-Town on 32nd St in NYC. And just like in K-Town, there is no shortage places to get your fix for some BBQ. Broad Ave provides a mix of traditional charcoal vs. modern gas grills, so it can be intimidating to try to determine which is the best place to do some indoor grilling Korean style. Call me superficial, but when I realized that this place is serving up raw meat to be cooked by me for half the price as other places on the block I figured ... WHY THE HELL NOT?Although they have made some changes to the restaurant to accommodate more tables, the original layout showcased a butcher proudly displayed by the door to get you better acquainted with your meat before you eat. Talk about getting some fresh meat! Your beef or pork probably was detached from its face within the last few hours. Those might sound like harsh words to any vegan or vegetarian, but to a hardcore carnivore like me that is just the right assurance for you to order it all and the more exotic the better.Our Favorite Menu Items:Japchae (glass noodles with beef and vegetable in a soy sauce seasoning)Bulgogi Bibimbap (beef, vegetable and egg in an earthenware pot)Sogoki Soon Doo Boo (spicy soft tofu and beef stew)Galbi (Beef Short Rib BBQ)Saesong-i Beoseos (King Oyster Mushroom)It's not always easy, but try not to over-order in the front end, because you can always order more as you go. Don't forget that they are giving you raw meat for the BBQ, so don't worry about it getting cold. I guess you should be more worried about it sitting there getting warm. My rule of thumb is to order one BBQ dish per person and perhaps a Soon Doo Boo for every two. They serve up no less than 6 complimentary banchan to complement your meal, so don't feel like you're pigging out by scarfing it down and asking for more. That kimchi has been fermenting all year, so don't be bashful and finish your bowl. Don't let the cool Winter keep you from grilling. Get over to Muk Eun Ji and tell them that you're revved up for ribs and to keep the banchan coming!
<review# 702,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/15/2012,12/6/2012,29,142,,12,4>Ah...I really feel bad for this restaurant. In my opinion it has such great potential but most likely based on its location it doesn't appear it will last? Went on a Friday early evening dinner. The place was empty except for one table and figure it would fill up later since it's only 7 pm. However, it never did. The whole night I dare say there were only five table of diners (including us) and we were there until past 9 pm. I feel so bad for the staff towards the end of the night that I even gave a large tip. I think they have been around for about a year now, so I'm not sure why they don't have more business. Must be the location (they are opposite of a playground where kids were attending to a late baseball game, i doubt they are going to venture in afterwards for a late night snack).They had various options for you to dine. From a la cart, to a three / five / seven course meal. Unfortunately, it is my first time here and the staff told me that I had to call in advance to have anything over a three course chef tasting, which i was kind of bummed as i was eyeing the five course menu. We were told that they have already changed the menu two or three times, to accommodate changes in the ingredients availability (somewhat seasonal) so nothing posted on yelp really helped us with our decision making (FYI, i will be posting more recent pictures of the things I had below). Nevertheless, we ordered a la carte, with much help from our waiter, who was very patient and knowledgeable. We finally settled on their version of the NE clam chowder and the smokey forest.The chowder was sweet and not too rich / creamy, very delicious. It came with a soup of raw little neck clam with i believe bacon and i was told quail (didn't really get that). Wasn't really too fond of the clam but the soup more than made up for it. The smokey forest was interesting. It came on a plate made of wood and the staff releases a cloud of lavender smoke (by uncovering a small glass) as they are presented it to us. A lot of stuff going on there but the center piece is the portebello mushroom.  For entree, we had the lamb and the pork belly. The lamb was made i believe middle eastern style, including hummus and felafel. It was braised for a very long time and very tender and nearly fell off the bone by contact. Once again there were a lot of stuff going on here, various sauces and spices. Pretty playful and yet authentically middle eastern in flavor. The pork belly was good too. It was braised with a root beer sauce, which was interesting. It tasted like a sweet BBQ sauce and also very tender. It was not the most different thing i've ever tasted but it was wonderful in a familiar way. You can tell based on every dish that they were all carefully prepared and well thought out and cooked with a passion.  I have to say every dish had a lot of things going on with it and it/s impossible for me to repeat the ingredients in each of them. It was difficult enough for me to even comprehend it when the staff was describing the dishes to us. (by the time we got around to tasting each of the various items on the plate, we have already forgotten his description). This place I have to say is good enough to be in NYC but sadly it's deep in NJ where it doesn't get the fanfare that it deserves. I hope it somehow bounces back and sticks around. This is a clear lesson that in the dining business, location often means everything.  Definitely would come back. I guess for now my advice would be to come try it before it's too late! (knock on wood).
<review# 703,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/9/2012,12/5/2012,171,196,8,10,9>I need to update my review - because I am totally, head-over-heels, "is this the real thing?" kind of obsessed with the Red Eye Cafe.  Oh, but why?Let's journey to the past and take a look at the present.Early June 2012 - "Lizard, where shall we go, in order to fulfill our need for a lovely late breakfast OR early lunch, on this glorious 100 degree and humid summer day?""Well, my head is pounding, I think there is this cool little spot that has mega-caffeinated beverages which will provide a sufficient mask for a hangover, AND some cool music to relax my nerves and ease my pain... I like! You will too!!!"....to November 2012 - "Hello?  Is it me your looking for?"... or perhaps, "Yes, love.  The real kind of love, not the middle school crush kind of love.  At last!....I fell, and you were there to pick me up, never break my heart!!! NEVER!"Hurricane holy-crap-we-got-bitched-slapped of Halloween 2012 was... well, horrendous.  Not just for Trump or Pauly D.  You know what the deal was (and for some, still is, unfortunately.)  Power = gone.  I got school, I got work, I got to eat... Red Eye, oh my god, they saved my life.  I spent about 3 days here.  I ate everything on the menu.  I drank 3 or 4 different varieties of tea..  The cafe au lait they brew.. in a word, godly.I chose this place because, well, it just felt right.  Like, it felt like I was in the comfort of my best friend's house growing up when my parents were outta town and I had to go *somewhere* I could totally trust, a place that would make me feel normal and human, and keep my sanity in check.If you do NOT go to the Red Eye Cafe, order a Fat Elvis, and try a hot Green Tea with a little lemon and a little honey.... you do not know heaven.  You will never achieve nirvana.  This soothed my soul.  I can not thank these guys enough - they helped me out when I needed it.  I was not going to sit around and attempt to study or read or do, um, ANYTHING, without modern day electricity and/or heat.  No way, no how.  And freeze, freeze my ass off...I would be in suspended animation right now, ready to defrost 12 days later, post-hurricane, post-blizzard.  I may or may not be exaggerating with that last statement.The shrimp and grits, oh my good lord....  Some serious - serious - noms.  I can bathe in those grits.  Perfect - seasoning, the consistency..... mmmm... warmed my soul and made me feel SO much better... one of those meals that reminds you of that one time, your momma made you some food, when she knew you were feeling like crap, and it just put your whole body at ease... you wake up the next day feeling like a million bucks.  Home-run, baby.  Get it.TOTAL respect and mad love for the guys and gals here.  Do it.  Do it now!
<review# 704,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/15/2011,12/3/2012,61,452,13,7,6>Archetypus: 4 and a half Stars"Home is heaven and Orgies are vile, but you need an orgy once in a while" -Ogden NashFor whatever reason, Archetypus makes me think of this quote. Not because I need an orgy ( I am a 1 woman man., I mean seriously 1 is enough LOL) but because sometimes you need to just have a gluttonous orgy of ice cream. We all have our cravings and our weaknesses. Mine is definitely Ice Cream. Now while Archetypus doesn't serve the best Ice Cream I have ever had, it without question serves the largest portion of it. Hence the orgy and Hence Archetypus.But it's the new age atmosphere that makes this place stand out as I shall describe: Here's the breakdown Food: 4 Stars: I have never ordered regular food so this is simply about the ice Cream. The portion sizes are huge. They offer sundaes and other ice cream meals (Best way to describe it) which are best shared with someone. They are named after various mythological gods and goddesses in keeping with the whole new age/mythological motif. The Ice cream itself is good and is covered lasciviously with toppings. Not sure if the ice cream is homemade but it tastes like it is.Service: 3 stars: The staff is nice and will bring your food/ice cream in a timely manner. They are usually high school/college kids who seem to be into the whole new age thing themselves. However, there can be a long wait for a table sometimes and occasionally they are a little disorganized when it comes to seating.Atmosphere: 5 Stars: This place has the coolest atmosphere of any place in NJ. While the front of the restaurant is unglamorous and average, in the back of the restaurant they have booths in which you literally feel like you are in a cave surrounded by Greek statues. The booths themselves are almost shaped like a mini cave and it has to be experienced to be appreciated. The cave area definitely has an erotic feel to it. In the middle of the cave room, there is a statue of a woman lying on her side naked. It isn't tasteless at all. Ironically enough, it adds to the ambience of the area. When you sit in the booth it is very private and if you play your cards right you just might get some..... Ice cream! (Was your mind in the gutter LOL?)Conclusion: This restaurant can be best described as authentically peculiar. It is a real enigma LOL (If you know this place you get the joke, if you don't it used to be called Enigma). It is very new age, counterculture and dare I say a borderline mystical experience... if you go once or twice. After that it becomes a novelty that loses its luster over time. However it is worth going to once in a while and you will enjoy it.
<review# 705,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/19/2012,12/2/2012,257,123,5,6,5>This place is BYOB! Overall, good food and hookah. Nice, attentive staff. Minus 1 star because I didn't care for a couple of their dishes and had to wait 20 minutes for a coffee. In their defense, it was a Friday night and the place was getting crowded. Appetizers: Hummus (good), falafel (excellent) and meat and cheese arayas (meh). I've only had falafel twice in my life (this being the second time) so I'm no expert but I thought this was delicious! I really didn't like the meat and cheese arayes because they were soggy and the meat wasn't really seasoned. Dinner: Beruit meat platter (good), grilled shrimp platter (excellent), and fattoush salad (meh). I don't know how or what they season the shrimp with but it was perfect and not over cooked at all which a lot of places tend to do because shrimp cooks so quickly. For the meat platter, instead of kufta we got extra filet mignon. The filet and chicken were both pretty good but I wasn't blown away by the seasoning like I was with the shrimp. Each entree comes with rice, fries or salad. We got rice with both platters which was just ok. The fattoush salad was under-salted and too peppery. We also didn't care for the radishes in it. The staff is VERY nice and extremely attentive! The hookah was good; someone was constantly coming around to change the coals. They also had a DJ come at 10:30 but we left by then. I definitely recommend this place if you're into hookah, BYOB and Lebanese food.
<review# 706,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/13/2012,12/1/2012,23,13,4,11,9>This review is for Stephanie Diaz, who is relatively new to the salon, and whom I am really excited to have working closer to my hometown of North Bergen!! (woot woot!) I have been working with her for a few years now and I absolutely love what she does to my hair. In terms of creativity, she just blows it out of the park. You can come in with an idea of what you want, and she will bring your idea into a reality. I recently had my wedding this past June, and Steph did everyone's hair masterfully, and in record time (I'm talking about 5 Bridesmaids, 2 Mothers and the Bride herself done in 6 hours!). I should also add, the wedding was Great Gatsby/1920s theme, and she had  those finger waves and pin curls done to the "T". Just everything was perfect and all my bridesmaids couldn't believe how amazing their hair came out. My own mother, the MOB, looked in the mirror and exclaimed, "OMG, I don't look like myself!" Since then, she's been a die hard Stephanie Diaz Hair fan as well. You really can never go wrong when you book an appointment with Stephanie. Make sure you a book a hot date the night of your appt with Steph, because you're guaranteed stepping out of her chair looking fabulous!!
<review# 707,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/20/2012,11/30/2012,11,88,3,6,4>Hands down the best pizza is Jersey City.  I recommend the standard margherita pizza or the prosciutto and arugula pizza for delivery.  Delivery is usually nice and quick.  The owner has a great personality and it's nice to stop by during the day and grab a slice.We've also come here a few times for dinner inside the retaurant.  My wife loves the eggplant parm and I've never had anything I didn't love.  I asked the waiter to recommend something and ended up with a Chicken Francais that blew me away.  The mussels are great too.This place is BYOB, which I love, so bring a group of friends or family and your favorite bottle of wine or 6 pack.  Highly recommended.
<review# 708,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/5/2012,11/28/2012,152,161,1,6,4>While driving around after hurricane Sandy looking for somewhere warm to eat I stumbled upon this place.  I had always noticed it when driving to other restaurants but never had the urge to go inside.  2 hour waits at other nearby restaurants made the choice very easy this night and I could not have been more pleased.  Parking is a bit of a hassle since their lot is very tiny but of you don't mind a little stroll their is street parking around the corner.  We were able to find parking less then a block up. Inside was warm and inviting.  They have a beverage deli bar for takeout and tables towards the back. We were able to be seated right away but the restaurant was filled to capacity.  They only have seating for but 40 people but it never felt over crowded.  It is BYOB, however their is a liquor store within walking distance.  We were served bread and water upon sitting down and ordered the mussels and two of the specials of the night.  When I go somewhere new I like to try a nightly special, I find you get a better feel for the restaurant this way.  After ordering we waited, and waited, and waited some more.  Now we completely understood that many in the area had no power and that the kitchen was slammed so we enjoyed our wine and bread.  When our waitress did come over he was very apologetic about the wait (about 35 mins for our app) and placed an antipasti platter for us to snack on while we waited. I was shocked by this attention and we thanked her graciously.  The meats were paper thin and tasty.  I also really enjoyed the grilled zucchini.  We then received our clams and mussels 5 minutes later and they were excellent.  Flavorful and virtually no grit with a broth that practically screamed "dunk your bread in me". Dinner was also very good.  My chicken with sausage and vegetables was pretty basic and a little dry but reheated nicely on a sandwich the next day.  The better half got veal parm which was juicy and well seasoned.  Dessert was something they called espresso gelato but was just coffee ice cream.  This is a place where the locals flock to and everyone seems to know each other.  It was a family friendly atmosphere with an attention to service.  We will be back.
<review# 709,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/5/2012,11/27/2012,134,435,5,8,6>My friend and I were looking for pies. This place promised pastries and an inviting atmosphere. (And great music.) Let me start off by saying this - This is not a professional high-end restaurant. This is some guy and his dream, and he hires people who are equally passionate about making little bits of great food to share with people. (Very, very patient and friendly man behind the counter.) The menu is constantly changing, it's always whatever you see in front of you, meaning it's always fresh.I can't even tell you what I had. One was a big triangle of chocolate upon chocolate. One was a pumpkinny sort of homemade whoopie pie. (I love homemade baked goods.) Then I had a large cup of gelato. The server said he can fit 8 scoops into a small. So with the large, I went crazy on about 12 of the flavors there. Let's see... butter pecan, red velvet, key lime pie, cayenne dark chocolate (which is FANTASTIC), ... I don't even remember, I threw in every flavor that looked good.By the way, I hate gelato. I had one spoonful and fell in love. No exaggeration, this is THE only time in my life I have tried gelato and liked it. And then loved it. And now I have to come back here all the time because it's so delicious. And there are more flavors left to try and they'll always be changing. I even tried avocado. That's how you know the owner is passionate about his food. Who else would make avocado gelato? And it even tasted good! (And still tasted like avocados. It shouldn't be possible.)I think I'm writing this still on a sugar high. But this place is drop dead five stars. Don't come in here expecting anything other than what it is, and you can't possibly be disappointed with the quality and flavor.
<review# 710,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/19/2012,11/26/2012,259,348,2,4,5>This MIGHT BE my favorite sushi spot. Ever. The rolls are delicious, the service is fantastic (NEVER busy), and the best part...it's ALWAYS 50% OFF. EVERY DAY. EVERY WAY. I usually get a salad, 3 rolls (crab, spicy tuna, spicy shrimp), and my fiancé gets two rolls and a salad. Totals maybe $24. Including tip. If you haven't gone here yet, go. You will THOROUGHLY enjoy yourself!
<review# 711,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/10/2012,11/25/2012,14,492,,7,5>As I have begun many Yelp reviews concerning cafes, I will state that I am an espresso snob and within my review everything revolves around the quality of the espresso shot.Brewshot is an absolute welcomed coffee house to the neighborhood.  Legal Grounds nearby has evolved into a very worn-in neighborhood cafe that, while still pulling great shots, is not as new wave as it could (read: should) be.  Dames Coffee is fantastic, but not so close.  I actually live right between them.  Now I'm rambling...Brewshot makes perfect espresso.  When the barista has a slight attitude, then this is a sign he is confident of his abilities and you will get a superb shot.  The interior is your kind of boring minimal contemporary exposed ceiling blah that is found everywhere, but still inviting.  Chairs and tables - and a lot of them - make it very convenient.
<review# 712,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/27/2012,11/24/2012,562,226,3,7,5>This is a great stop for getting a slice, whole pizza, or calzone. PizzaTownUSA is NOT one of those trendy, 'sitdown and dine in' brick oven pizza type of places. PizzaTownUSA is a totally old school place to get delicious pizza to go. The dining area is really set up for fast eating, not hanging out.First of all, they have delicious dough/crust.  It's cooked just right, with crispy charred edges and lots of flavor. The crust is chewy, not a true thin crust. The sauce and cheese toppings are solid, so you have an overall good pizza.  Pizzatown has been at this location FOREVER and you can't miss it driving on 46 West. Added bonus is that they make fresh zeppolis and calzones (the old school type calzones, ham/cheese and more cheese.)  And I think the people working here are really great.
<review# 713,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/23/2011,11/23/2012,49,45,,4,2>This may be one of the best facials I've ever received.  I made an appointment for a Moisture Surge facial after purchasing a Groupon for the service, and even though I paid only $45 for a facial that is normally $120 (including the add-on treatment that was part of the deal), I was treated like any other full-price paying customer.  This was refreshing, because often spas treat deal-purchasing customers with less than attentive service.My aesthetician was Imani, who is also the owner of Beauty Mark.  She was incredibly nice and explained each of the products she was using as she went along.  The full 60-minute facial included a pre-cleanse, cleanse, exfoliation, extractions, mask, moisturizer, sunscreen and a neck and shoulder massage.  For my add-on treatment, I chose the collagen eye treatment.It should also be noted that unlike at most spas, there was absolutely NO pressure to purchase products afterward, which I really appreciated.The only cons are that it's so small, and only open four days a week; also, during the first few minutes of my treatment, there was a small group of women in the waiting room carrying on a loud conversation in Spanish, which made it difficult to relax.  Luckily, they left and I was able to fully enjoy Imani's work.This is definitely a rare occasion where I would return and pay full price for the treatment!
<review# 714,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/26/2012,11/22/2012,14,53,2,4,4>An awesome bar in Hoboken that is far enough removed from the craziness of Washington Street that you get to enjoy a relaxed vibe with normal people.  There's a pool table and dart board in the back.  An awesome selection of beers (on tap and bottles/cans) including some 21st Amendment beers that are mostly $5 from what I can tell.  The bloody marys on Sunday are fantastic and the bartenders are awesome.  This is a great neighborhood bar.  So please, if you're only visiting Hoboken, especially on a Friday/Saturday night, stay on/near Washington Street and let the locals continue to enjoy this bar.
<review# 715,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/22/2012,11/21/2012,188,267,6,9,7>This place is dangerous to my liver for several reasons:1. The bartenders/owners/etc are super friendly, and they genuinely make a point to remember you.2. They don't have a ton of TVs, but the ones they do have are always tuned to the Yankees, Rangers, etc. During the NHL playoffs, they put on the sound for us.3. The bar food is standard but it's cheap. They also have pork shanks on the menu!4. They support firemen, cops, and TEACHERS (yes, I am aware it's owned by the mayor's family so this is par for the course, but you should support these people anyway!). Yesterday, they had specials all day and closed off part of the street for an "End of the School Year" party.5. It is as "local JC" as it gets... the patrons are diverse but have a ton of JC pride and it's fantastic.6. It is within stumbling distance of my apartment.My one and only gripe is with the very limited beer selection (Yuengling and Guinness are the "fanciest" beers on the list). However, one has to consider that many of the patrons are working class JC people who don't give a crap about craft beer and probably wouldn't drink it if it was there. Music is a little dated but certainly much more tolerable than the Top 40 shit they play at other bars.
<review# 716,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/2/2012,11/20/2012,59,152,2,3,3>Tried Vietnamese food for the first time today, and it was yummy!I had the beef pho with grilled porkchops. I have to say, I should've listened to the  reviews, as I didn't like the pho. Who am I to judge? It was the first time I tried it, so i'll give them a pass. The porkchops were amazing, though. They were seasoned and marinated so well and cooked to perfection: not too tough and just.enough fat left on there. The bf had grilled pork with rice, shredded pork, and crab party. His crab party was really yummy and the shredded pork...... Hmmm not so much. the texture threw us off. Sauces also came with our pork and it made the pork even better!We ordered crispy egg rolls for apps and man, were they good. They had a mystery meat filling, which I didn't bother trying to figure out... Because it was that good. We had avocado and mango milkshakes to drink. I don't think I've ever found a place that had homemade milkshakes like that, especially avocado. They taste better than when my mom makes them, and that says a lot! Will come back for more of that!Also, although the pho wasn't that great, and there were flies flying around.... And the ambiance was hole in the wall-y, your waiter was a really nice high school kid who answered all our questions. When we paid at the counter, I asked him if the little old lady that was walking in and out of the kitchen cooking was his mom, and he said yes. Adorable lady, and a really good cook for meats!All for $25.25!!!
<review# 717,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/25/2012,11/19/2012,138,132,3,11,7>I know many people may disagree but I do not enjoy Hibachi places. I love the food don't get me wrong but the show is so overrated. I give those guys all the credit in the world for what they do, but you will see that show of flipping shrimp and creating onion volcanoes anywhere. I tried thinking of a way to get the great Hibachi food without the Hibachi show. I decided to sit at the normal tables and just order off the Hibachi menu. The food came out quicker and just as good as the Hibachi chef making it in front of you. The sushi was fresh and delicious. There were a few rolls that were huge and packed a ton of ingredients. I am not complaining but just stating that they have some wonderfully designed rolls. For entree, I always get the steak and shrimp hibachi. It is amazing. The shrimp is so tasty and the steak is cooked perfectly. If you are one of the few that is sick of the show and just want to eat, make sure to go to a normal table and get ready to eat some fantastic Hibachi.
<review# 718,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/24/2012,11/18/2012,68,78,4,5,5>really good quality delish italian food, went last night with 3 other girfriends and it was pretty busy for a Monday!We had 2 orders of the coconut shrimp app, I had the crabmeat ravioli (amazing!- its in a pink sauce with baby shrimp-YUMMMM), others had the shrimp and broccoli over pasta, veal shank ( this thing was no joke- huge and delish) and finally braised short ribs in a balsamic glaze (also yumm i'm so getting that next time), followed by rum raisin tiramisu and choc lava cake....everything was great, ambiance is nice- dimly lit, white table cloths, simple & understated... the place is huge and they have cute outside dining that we originally sat at until it started raining...and for a monday i was in flip flops and shorts and so were other patrons....I certainly wouldn't wear that on a Friday night there though....It's a BYO so who doesn't love that. We paid $46.00 each which included 20% tip. Great place to take your girls, your parents, in-laws or your other half!
<review# 719,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/19/2012,11/17/2012,109,139,3,10,3>Holy moly! This place is serving up some tasty grub. I was expecting Tony Montana to pop out of the kitchen any moment and quit his job as a dishwasher. Pictures on the menu, menus under glass on the tables. Seems they have a full bar. Ultimately this would be a good bar to have on the Berg. , they should do a karaoke night or some other god awful marketing ploy to get the youths pile in on the weekends. Maybe they already do because I was there on a Monday night and it was dead. Yes, I realize this local gem is not Cuban cuisine. I did not try the pupusas so let me get that out of the way. I will write an update when I do but really there are many other things on the menu I want to try. My background with Latin cuisine. I lived in San Diego so I know Mexican cuisine. I have lived in the Dominican Republic so I know the cuisine of the islands.What did I eat (see pictures)? Chicken with white wine sauce. Yum. Exactly what I wanted. Holy moly I got the tamal de pollo. Quite possible the softest most decadent tamale I have ever had. Not a bit of dryness on the masa. For $2 the thing is huge! The filling was sparse but tasty, maybe could have been better but the masa was out of this world put it in my mouth.My dad had the pork shoulder. He said it was exceptionally good.I got the beans and rice as a side. I have to agree with the other reviewer that some of the rice was slightly crunchy. I think it was a bit dried out, and it's cheap rice. The beans were tasty, I think a red bean. Mix it with the rise, it will soften it up. Woot! Oh and they have chicaronnes de pollo! Whaaaaat! yes! Can't wait to try it.And they deliver. This is me becoming a shut in. No not really.
<review# 720,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/19/2012,11/16/2012,192,44,3,8,5>I am glad I made a stop in this pet store! The entrance was down a flight of stairs below the sidewalk, and I was not expecting the colorful array of toys I was greeted with upon opening the door. Beowoof isn't the biggest place, but it is packed to the brim with provisions for your pets. The man at the front desk was friendly and helpful, as I expected from such a fun and colorful store. The place really had a homey, small-town, boutique-kind of feel- it was the kind of store you might find in Stars Hollow (for anyone who used to watch Gilmore Girls). I could tell they only carried quality products, and that the owners really care a lot about the store and about our animal companions. I couldn't help but buy a bone for my crazy Labrador.
<review# 721,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/4/2012,11/15/2012,309,76,1,6,4>Love, love, LOVE me some Shampoo JC.I came here on the advice of several of my friends who get their cut and color from Xtina.  My first appointment was in November, and while I couldn't get Xtina, I booked an appointment with Harley, the owner of Shampoo JC and the location in NY.I had posted a pic on their Facebook wall of a cut and color I had wanted before I booked, and was told they could do.  And that they certainly did!Harley is awesome.  He made sure I got the exact color I wanted, and spent upwards of two hours ensuring that it was done correctly.  I left with an awesome mane, complete with a feisty magenta color on the bottom.I go every month to get the color refreshed and a trim.  They're good about getting me in, and getting what I need done within a reasonable amount of time.Art is lined along the walls, well selected by Andrea Moren, the curator of popular lounge & gallery of LITM up the strett.Be sure to bring cash, as they are a cash only establishment.  You won't be disappointed!
<review# 722,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/28/2012,11/14/2012,36,23,10,8,6>This is easily on my short list of best pizza spots in Montclair. The truth is that depending on what you feel like having, you can do very well with pizza in this town. If you want good deep dish, then Villa Victoria are the masters, Mama Leones does a very respectable mushroom brick oven pie (and they deliver), BBQ pizza (yeah i said it) Ruthies, and with the recent addition of A'Pizz in the last couple of years, you find yourself amidst some high performance spots for whatever style you may be craving that night.Mancinis in my opinion is cut a BIT over the rest and when i say a BIT, I mean a hair over Ruthies and A'Pizz (who is too damned expensive for Pizza if you ask me).The ingredients (mozzarella,shrooms, prosciutto, etc)are fresh , well prepared and nicely balanced, the crust is very nicely prepared (a tad neutral) but very good. The sauce is perfect and I can eat a whole Pie all to myself.I leave off a star only because there is not much seating so its not great for large groups and they do NOT deliver. Truth be told, ME LAAAAZY...  Once I get home and take off my shoes, I'M DONE. So unless Salma Hayek is downstairs doing her Vampire dance with a Pizza.  Then a lesser spot who delivers gets my business.. So speaking for lazy dads all across town. PLEASE DELIVER. I beg you. And if you do, YOU WILL BE #1 on my speed dial.Daddy like.. :)
<review# 723,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/26/2012,11/13/2012,34,38,7,6,6>This is my go-to Trini spot in Jersey City, granted I don't know of any others. Well worth the trek from downtown; the food is authentic, fresh and tasty. I can't help but feel a little closer to home after visiting this place. Nice people-good food, you can't ask for much more.I bring my Guyanese friend here often to school that lame on what real Caribbean food should taste like. It's "curry chicken" not "chicken curry"! That Guyana is a real backwards country.The only reason it gets 4-stars is because they don't make a boneless chicken roti. I don't have the patience for bones, however the shrimp roti is amazingggggg.
<review# 724,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/17/2012,11/12/2012,143,388,4,8,5>Yay I loved them as a dry cleaner to begin with, but today they blew me away.  They also offer alterations and repairs!  The first time I went to put a new skirt on for work the zipper ripped out of the skirt from weak stitching.  For $12 they made the skirt better than new! It looks great! I'm so happy!   I wish I had taken a before picture to share the before and after condition of my skirt.  They are fast, efficient, and always friendly.  My fiance had a freak incident where a stick of deodorant fell off his shelf and splattered over every suit in his closet recently.  They went through every stitch of every piece of clothing we brought them and didn't miss a spot. Talk about thorough and exceptional service!
<review# 725,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/26/2012,11/11/2012,216,199,6,7,6>I want Burger Box in my mouth right now - FEED ME! Burger Box is delicious, uses high quality ingredients, affordable and leaves one with insane "pregnant lady like" cravings! Burger Box satisfies all of your burger-fry-& shake needs / desires! This place could easily make me another statistic in the obesity epidemic if I didn't have the willpower to refrain from eating here every day and the motivation to workout.  When I see the Burger Box truck leave, I have to hold myself back from chasing it like a kid running after an ice cream truck on a hot summer's day! The menu is small, yet provides enough options to please any pallet and ignite you're taste buds into overdrive! The burgers are heavenly- not too greasy, juicy, perfect portion size and packed full of flavor! The buns are not only scrumptious, they also hold the burger together well and you don't have to worry about the burger falling apart etc. Burger Box uses all natural gourmet ingredients, which only slightly makes me feel better about devouring the calories associated with eating a burger and French fry combo! And boooooy let me tell YOU - those Cajun Fries are no joke! For only $2.50 you get a spicy box of Cajun shoe string fries = WIN!!! The fries are "perfectly" Cajun - with a bold "BANG" flavor of salt and heat! I highly suggest eating the fries with the fork they give you because the seasoning will leave your hands full of Cajun dust - similar to the cheese dust left on your fingers from a bag of Cheetos! Tip: If you are not a fan of spicy foods, don't bum yourself out and attempt to try these babies! Overall Burger Box is "nummy nummy nom nom NUM", affordable, satisfies your burger /fry cravings and leaves you wanting more.  The only issue I have with Burger Box is that they park literally next to where I live a couple days of the week..... In other words, I have trouble passing the darn truck without stopping for a quick bite. Daily Schedule/ Location(s): Mon, Tues, Thurs: Bleeker St. & University Ave  / The Rutgers-Newark CampusWed: Washington St. at the ParkFri: Mulberry St. & Raymond Blvd
<review# 726,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/4/2012,11/10/2012,144,279,9,8,6>Okay, here's the deal. My friend hadn't eaten lunch, and it was getting close to mid-afternoon. We were looking for a cafe or something where she could grab a sandwich and I could just order a latte. However, we started getting desperate (everywhere was so BUSY), and we finally stumbled upon this place. It didn't look that interesting from the outside, but we saw it was a roomy spot with lots of seating, and we also took a quick glance over the menu. "Why not?" we said, and we entered and took our seats.Seconds after we were seated and handed the brunch menu, we were practically peeing ourselves with excitement. The menu is downright CREATIVE and tempting!  I would have happily tried almost everything they offer. Despite already eating lunch, I couldn't resist ordering the peach salad (containing grilled peaches, toasted walnuts, goat cheese, and the most delicious vinaigrette). It was phenomenal.
<review# 727,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/11/2012,11/9/2012,13,19,6,10,4>A diamond in the rough.  The food was outstanding and service was great!  We started with the mussels special which was spectacular!  Beer, sausage, and lime - gave it a thai tasting broth and i could not get enough of it!  For an entree we split the pork chops murphy, which was the best i have ever had.  The portion of pork was huge and the flavor had spice but not too much (just enough to keep you going back for another bite- until the plate was empty).  The prices were right on par for the quality and quantity of their dishes.   The decor is fresh and clean and you can tell that they put a lot of heart into everything that they do.  Kudos to Louie and Rob for opening such a fine establishment!  We will certainly be back soon!
<review# 728,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/8/2012,11/8/2012,365,507,4,5,4>The current 1.5 star rating of this place does not surprise me at all.First let me start off with the good.Pros:  nice atmosphere with a great happy hour!             - For a Korean place they have more then just Coors light and killians red.  About time Koreans are Koreans starting to learn that other beer does exist and people will drink it.  See pics for happy hour menu.           -Blue berry mohito is yum.                     -Happy hour lasts from 5-7:30 M-F                                        * highlights*                          10 dollar pitchers of any draft beer.                (ie. goose island and six point sweet action)                          6 dollar beer and shot combos.                                         Frosty mugs         -Shout out to Danny who is a local, a great bar tender, and seemed to be the only staff member that spoke English without having to think twice.  And although he wasn't our bartender the entire night he was defiantly the most attentive.Cons:  Place is still very new and has its issues however I have hope that they will improve over the next month.-I had to shy away from the food because it was just too expensive.  As I told the owners brother in law.  I can go across the street and get a banging gyro for 6 bucks.  If i'm going to be paying 30 dollars for a meal at this bar.  It better be good.  And from what these other reviews are telling me.. and even the words out of the owners brothers mouth.  "They  need a lot of work on there american food but he vouched that there Korean fair was good."-There wings were good.  Koreans know how to fry chicken ill give them that.  -Happy hour pizza... was fail.  please try again.  Mushy six dollar oval equivalent to the size of one slice of pizza and this is the happy hour prices.  Look i understand you have the whole lounge look going for you so you think you can charge extra  and you can.  But this is a restaurant, not just a lounge.. and you are in began county so your food better be good if you are going to serve it to people.-I suggest you  Limit your menu to the food that you can make well and people will thank you for it.-the language barrier  seemed to cause confusion at times this should not be an issue.
<review# 729,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/26/2012,11/7/2012,9,13,8,10,7>Roman nose - a nose with a prominent bridge, appearing hooked.Roman nose is also an awesome restaurant in Jersey City! My wife and I went here after work on a Friday. There was a bit of a wait, but the host agreed to call us when the table was ready. No problem, we just went to Skinners Loft and had tasty beers.Facts:1) This place is BYOB;2) The prices are reasonable - the two of us had a three course meal for just over $40; and,3) The food is DELICIOUS, AUTHENTIC and FRESH.We had an arugula salad with grape tomatoes, caccio e pepe (Roman mac & cheese) and Penne alla Norma (pasta, eggplant, tomatoes, ricotta salata), an awesome cookie ($1) and espresso machiatto. The best dish was the penne alla norma. It was savory, fresh and just the right size. The caccio e pepe was good, but it needed more pepe.We went to Venice, Florence and Rome for our honeymoon and THIS IS THE CLOSEST THING TO EATING IN ROME OUTSIDE OF ITALY!!!We came. We saw. We relished.Brendan
<review# 730,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/5/2012,11/6/2012,11,47,4,6,2>This place has very good Italian cuisine  I went here on a nice fall Sunday night with a lovely lady.  We were immediately seated outside which was our desired plan of attack.  They do not take reservations for the record.  Outdoor seating is limited... they tightly pack in probably five small two seater tables.  We had the table in the corner that was on a slant.  Most things in Hoboken are on a slant though (including some apartments that I've been in).The place is BYOB, and that is a plus, thus helping the star rating.  It's odd because they also serve alcohol which I heard is a recent change.  I think they are in some sort of a transition phase so I can't guarantee that the BYOB thing will continue for legal purposes.  Either way, they gladly corked the bottle for us and kept it on ice.  The servers are friendly and constantly fill your glass almost after each sip.  Perhaps the plan is to get you ripped.They bring out warm crusty bread which is delicious.  Be careful not to fill up on it.  It is tempting to do so.  We looked at the menu, but the waiter offered specials that sounded deliciously irresistible.  He had me at lobster ravioli.  My guest ordered a seafood, mussel shellfish type dish.  The waiter arrived shortly with sample serving dish that showed an array of available pasta categories that you must chose from.  This was a nice touch, and it definitely starts your palate watering.  The food arrived a short time later at the proper temperature.  Another waiter arrived with freshly grated parmesan and pepper to season where appropriate.My dish was phenomenal.  The lobster meat was in the sauce rather than inside the ravioli.  Obviously, the ravioli must be universal to other dishes, but I do prefer the lobster to be inside.  Either way, I was completely satisfied, and I definitely did not need to take anything home.  I even tried some of the mussels, and they were equally as delicious.The only reason that I could not award the extra star for this establishment was due to the bill.  I was a bit tipsy from the wine and did not look at it.  The bill came to $70.  We did not order drinks or appetizers.  I thought that for two entrees, perhaps because they were "special",  $70 was a little pricey.  This is Hoboken, not the Theater District.  Bring your Amex.
<review# 731,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/2/2012,11/5/2012,121,468,7,7,6>One cannot simply describe Vito's.  Vito's is a phenomenon, a force of nature.  Its a collection of the mutziest fresh mutz, the perfect subs, anything and everything that is Italian and delicious.  Don't know what you want?  Check out the chalkboards on your left and pick from some of the best sandwiches you will ever have for under $10.  I don't have a favorite; they are all tremendous.  You can also buy hot food like chicken parm and purchase some Italian goodies imported from across the sea.But people, learn the system!  One line is for ordering, the other to wait for your sandwich and pay.  RESPECT THE SYSTEM.If you live in Hoboken or work uptown and have not had some Vito's yet, just leave.  Or join us.  One of us, one of us......
<review# 732,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/9/2012,11/4/2012,26,71,3,4,4>If I was poppin' dollaz I would be at Dino & Harry's every week.  Sadly, I live the meager lifestyle of a recession-era college graduate, so I will be saving my pennies for my next trip.I've had a few steakhouse experiences in my life (all on other peoples' dimes, of course), and have to say this is the best steakhouse I've been to.My BF and I went for a quiet Sunday night dinner and were happy we did.  I loved the quiet and intimate setting of the side room off of the main dining room/bar area.  The waitstaff was very helpful and knowledgeable in both the food and wine menu.My BF had the porterhouse, and I had the pork chops.  Both were fantastic and very large (we both ended up having enough leftovers to gorge ourselves for lunch the next day).  I could have asked for better quality and quantity of the asparagus side dish we ordered, but the potatoes au gratin were out of sight.But I have to say the highlight of the meal was dessert: New-York style cheesecake.  I've made and consumed a lot of cheesecake in my day, and have to say it's the best cheesecake I've ever had!  It was incredibly creamy and not overly-sweet like most, with a delicate strawberry sauce on top.  Even if I can't afford to do the entire meal experience again sometime soon, I will go back for a cocktail or espresso (also incredible) and a piece of that cheesecake.
<review# 733,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/6/2012,11/3/2012,157,303,4,7,6>I am a bit of a hiker.  Living in Hudson County, most Saturday mornings I am riding out 78 to find a new park to explore at 830 am.  This Saturday was no different.  On the way back and because of a asshole truck driver not letting me onto 1&9 North, I found myself on 21 North and irked.  Why not stop for food?  I have been to the Ironbound many times and am very familiar with Portuguese BBQ.  Used my handy dandy Yelp app, I found McWhorter Barbecue.  Four stars?  BBQ?  Let's do it.  I knew it was going to be good because it was 1130am and there were at least 5 tables feasting and three of them had stocky Newark police officers.    I ordered a 1/2 chicken and a full order of beef ribsI to go because my dog was in the car.  Freaking delicious!  Lots of flavor and tender, juicy meat all around.  Rice had great flavor.  And for $18?  I have lunch, dinner, and maybe breakfast for tomorrow.  A winner.
<review# 734,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/12/2012,11/2/2012,73,84,8,6,5>Yelp has informed me that I am the Duke of Son Ja Jang. As the Duke, I will do my best to portray one of the best tasting Korean/Chinese food around the area. I'd like to mention, I am not a big fan of Korean/Chinese food and I am a bit picky when it comes to it.My go to dish is the half jjajangmyun with the half tangsooyook. Look, the price is unbeatable but I come here not for the price (okay I'm lying but I'm trying not to look like a cheap ass) but for the taste of their food. Son Ja Jang's food reminds me of my childhood when I used to go to eat jjajangmyun or omurice with my late grandmother (hence why I said I'm a bit picky). Not a lot of places can trigger that feeling. This is why I am the Duke.
<review# 735,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/13/2012,11/1/2012,174,229,3,6,3>Love it here. I'm a real sucker for parks, but this one is amazing. They have music festivals, concerts, etc, and the like here on some weekday nights. You can find out what's coming up with a quick Google search. The park really makes for an amazing venue. Why?- Gorgeous views of the city from across the water- Well kept- Plenty of room, large open grass area so you can grab a towel and just lay down all day longLove coming here. Have been here a million times, will be here a million more. If you're coming to chill on the grass with friends, excellent. If you're coming to run around all day, still excellent. If you're coming just to watch the city and take in the beauty of the scenery, you're on the right track. Me personally - I love to grab a book, a towel, and just read away while taking in the beauty of the scenery. You have to go here - especially if you happen to find yourself in Hoboken for any reason. Not a contestable option.
<review# 736,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/8/2012,10/30/2012,41,137,,6,2>We were able to make a last minute reservation for 4 on a Friday night. As we walked up to the place I felt a little underdressed in shorts and a short sleeve button down but I later noticed homeboy at the bar rocking jeans and a hat... so although you can definitely dress it up at this place it's not necessary.We were seated right away at a high top in the bar area, but right up next to the front windows so it really wasn't that bad. Our server introduced herself and took our water order (tap, spring or sparkling) and then we got into the menu. We went with a dozen oysters which were super fresh - the blue points were huge and the Cape Mays were delicious. I had the Grouper with asparagus risotto special which was very good, my girlfriend had the branzino which was also really good and our two other friends had the swordfish and cod which they loved. We also shared a spinach risotto which my GF loved.Really glad we tried this place - nothing necessarily blew me away (although we kinda wanted to order more oysters after the first round) but I would definitely come back if craving seafood and want to stay somewhat local.
<review# 737,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/24/2012,10/29/2012,130,375,9,9,5>The pizza here is unique.  Firstly, their slices are not the usual isoceles triangle shape (ie 2 equal long sides) that one has been accustomed to for one's whole life, a la NY-style pizza.  Strangely, their pizza slices are equilateral (ie all 3 sides equal) triangle in shape.  What is this wizardry?  The shape makes it fun eating them.  (No charge for dropping some geometry knowledge to yall).Secondly, their crust is extra crispy without being thin-crust.  Their regular pizza crust possesses the dual quality of crispiness on the bottom and chewiness (is this a word) of the dough resting above.  I don't know how they do this but I like it.  Madness, I say.Lastly, there is a big, framed Sopranos poster with the casts' signatures on it.  I was a fan of the show until the last episode.  That last episode was pretty bad.  And what was up with that Journey song.  Anyhow, the poster is something to look at while waiting for the slices.  Honestly, Pizza Town makes a slightly better pizza but gettin there is an adventure (read my review on PT).  Conversely, there are no such traffic issues with Lodi Pizza.  And the pizza taste good and they are unique as mentioned above.  Solid 4 stars.
<review# 738,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/9/2012,10/28/2012,212,244,5,6,5>Quality frozen yogurt, abundant topping options, super accommodating staff, and the added bonus of a full coffee bar? I think I'm moving in. The first time I came in, I literally tried every flavor and didn't dislike one. The thin mint tastes exactly like the cookie. Pumpkin (seasonal flavor) tastes like pie if you top it with wet walnuts and carob chips. Espresso is bold and just bitter enough to make it taste like real coffee. Original yogurt is tart and sweet and light and PERFECT with granola, chocolate chips, and fresh fruit.Not only that, the barista gave my friend and I free caramel frappuccinos...just for the heck of it. I'm moving in like yesterday.
<review# 739,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/13/2012,10/27/2012,149,86,18,21,17>Super dependable. Excellent service, even during lunchtime madness. Their website lists their daily specials: millburndeli.com.My favorites:-Like an "Urban Cowboy"! No boots required to enjoy this savory grilled sandwich stuffed with brown sugar cured pastrami, sweet slaw, dill pickles, melted Swiss cheese and a chipotle-honey-mustard. This is #14 on their menu but like fame, remember its name since it doesn't always appear on the board.-The Cuban- One of Cuba's best exports done right- melted Swiss cheese, roast pork, ham, crisp dill pickle, mayo, and mustard on a grilled sub roll. This, as #7 on their menu, is my all-time standby.-The Reuben- This place guarantees corned beef's finest hour - grilled hot, stuffed with corned beef, Swiss cheese, Thousand Island dressing, and sauerkraut between two slices of rye with a surprise pickle slice within the waxed paper wrapping.-The Sloppy Joe- This is the New Jersey kind, without the ground beef. Millburn Deli's version is extra yummy and hardly sloppy at all. This cold sandwich is served as a  triple decker on rye with your choice of meat (turkey, ham, pastrami, corned beef, roast beef), Swiss cheese, coleslaw, and Russian dressing and sliced into three easy-to-handle wedges.I can't wait to try the whole menu!
<review# 740,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/12/2011,10/26/2012,34,48,3,12,6>This Museum needs our love and support. It has a lot to offer and I truly believe that this museum can be the training wheels for any person to develop an understanding and love of art and culture.Did you know that the Newark Museum is the largest museum in the state of New Jersey? I bet you didn't. Did you know that they also have a Fire House Museum that houses an original fire-cart from 1853? I bet you didn't. Did you know that this museum is connected to the Ballentine House which went through a 4 million dollar renovation and is now a National Historic Landmark? I bet you didn't. Did you know that the curator's make great efforts to choose art pieces and provide written explanation of their relevance in unpretentious, interesting prose written so even a child would understand, and hopefully develop a love for art in all forms? I bet you didn't. Did you know that they have a beautiful exhibit of Pre-1930 pottery which includes at least 52 pieces from Lenox (did you know this company that has made bone china for the the Bush's, the Clinton's. the Reagan's, the Truman's, the Roosevelt's and the Wilson's is a NEW JERSEY company?). I bet you didn't. The most ornate Tibetan Tea services you have ever seen in your life (with explanation as to what the images represent on the pieces) can be viewed here.Granted, it is not gargantuan like the Met, but you can spend a significant portion of your day in this museum. It is also true that it is in Newark, which is not a vacation destination.I spoke to many of the staff, some of them know a great deal more than you realize about the exhibits. I have been to many museums, but in many instances unless you studied art history (as I did) and had a general knowledge of the artist - quite often no real information is provided to assist the viewer in connecting with the artist and the art itself. I think many people go to museums and don't really understand what they are looking at. Newark Museum, provides background information that is engaging and makes that art make even more sense. I appreciate that. They have some neat things in their museum store, the pricing is typical for museums.So if you are going to be in Newark to go to a concert at NJPAC or the Prudential center, why not come down several hours early, check out the museum and then go to dinner.
<review# 741,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/18/2012,10/25/2012,1613,1387,6,7,6>I brought an "authentic" Italian chick on a date to this "authentic" Italian resto in the recent past.  Hey...I wanted ta come correct.What's not reminiscent of Italy:- No vino or Peroni (BYOB is non-existent in Italy...even little stands have vino/birra)- Decor that was cafeteria-esque...including the beat-up chairs- Menus attached to the tables, underneath the glass...yikesWhat was reminiscent of Italy:- Scungilli salad that was tender, savory, tart and deeelish- Thick pieces of cheese ravioli with redic tasty gravy- A 5' tall Fillipino waiter (no joke, you see this shit in Rome/Venice/Florence on the regular)...wtf- Strong coffee combined with sweet desserts...perfect ending to a mealI def would come back, straight-up, for the food.
<review# 742,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/24/2012,10/24/2012,395,537,2,3,2>Great farmers market right next to the Grove Street PATH. Here on Monday and Thursday from 4-8. Perfect to walk around and grab some fresh produce after work, enjoy the Fall weather, or bring your dog and enjoy the freshly prepared food stands/trucks.Since it's fall, a lot of the produce stands were offering fresh Apple Cider, Apple Cider Doughnuts and Apple Pie. Stony Hill Farm Market is my favorite, and the crowd favorite, as the line is definitely always the longest. They have great produce at great prices. Huge cucumbers for 75 cents, pints of yellow cherry tomatoes for $3, and delicious apple cider donuts for under a buck.The Taco Truck sets up shop here as well, but they were out of half of their menu items by 7pm. Tacos are delicious and filling. Empanadas here from the Empanada Stand are great - especially the Beef & Cheese or the Corn, Roasted Pepper & Mozzarella. Made with Love and a few other bread/pastry stands like Montclair Bread are also here. Made with Love sells doggie biscuits if you do bring your pup.
<review# 743,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/25/2012,10/23/2012,27,29,,5,4>Awesome Chinese food with really fresh ingredients. Chicken with hot peppers is terrific, especially if you dig spicy food...and I mean SPICY. The General Tso's chicken is good, not overly breaded like most places. However, there's definitely peanut butter mixed into the sauce...not overpowering, but then again, I'm really picky about which savory dishes I like peanut butter in. Definitely try the dumplings, chow fun, and chicken with string beans. I can't speak to everything on the menu, but everything I've tried has been awesome.Yeah, they might be more expensive than your average hole in the wall Chinese place, but you get what you pay for, and the quality of the ingredients is well worth the extra couple dollars.
<review# 744,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/14/2012,10/22/2012,350,236,5,8,4>WHO FREAKIN' KNEW!?!  The Short Hills Train Station turns into a bar/restaurant at night!?!  I'm so glad a friend turned me onto this place...I went only for drinks but can't wait to return again for dinner - the menu and other reviews seriously look spectacular!Let me talk about what I can actually vouch for:  bomb-ass drinks and a super-friendly staff!  Went there late on a Saturday night - certainly NOT their busiest night of the week.  Immediately was greeted by this really nice college aged guy that worked there.  As he welcomed us and took note of our amazement from the transformed train station by day to bar and grill by night, he led us on a tour with his iPad, walking us through each of the sections of the restaurant then showing us before and after pix.  Kudos to the design team that made this place look incredible!  So, post-tour, we were introduced to the bartender who made us a few awesome concoctions!!  A Moscow-Mule for me and a Bellini for my friend!  Wowsers...who makes fresh ginger beer nowadays?  Usually when I have this drink, it's with something from a bottle, but the authentic versions I've had in NYC are all twice the price!  NOT $8 bucks!  Same for the Bellini...I have tasted Bellinis all over the world and I promise you this one measures all the way up to Harry's Bar quality and authenticity!  Granted they put a spin on it with passion fruit juice rather than peach puree, but I DIE for anything passion-fruit-related soo... I take back the "authentic" comment and we'll just call it what it is:  AMAZEBALLS!
<review# 745,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/17/2012,10/21/2012,149,101,3,8,4>I've been here only one time, which is why I could not give it the full 5 stars. However, I do plan on returning here again, to try other menu items as well as wine list items. I think it will also be good to see the atmosphere on different days and see if the service stands up to the experience I had this time around.All that aside, and simply put, I had an absolutely terrific meal at Coda. From the delicious bread down to my last sip of wine ( the malbec which I highly suggest )Maplewood is my old stomping ground. It has changes drastically since my high school days and while at first my nostalgia kept me from embracing it, I must say, it really has changed for the better. The town is filled with new fresh places to have drinks, desserts, eat or hang out. Coda , happned to be where a friend and I came along one night and, on her advice, we stepped in.Our waiter was young and quick to acknowledge us. What I loved about him was that he hesitated and even seemed a little shy to ask us for ID one we made our drink selection ( kind of like, they look young buuuuuuuuuuuuuuut maybe kinda old too.)  It also could be that he knows my friend is the older sister of one of his friends, but I'd like to flatter myself for the time being.Hot bread came to the table and though I don't usually go for the bread basket, I devoured this one. I ALWAYS appreciate and know when bread has been freshly made or is microwaved to seem hot.I ordered the Ginger Seared Bass, when it came out, I was impressed by the visual and scent it was giving off. The fish was cooked PERFECTLY. Outer skin crusted and crisped, meat cooked through all the way, flakey and the texture was outstanding. What they did with the shreds of fried ginger and spices took this dish up a few notches. The sauteed bok choy underneath was an excellent veggie side and the creative way they used the vegetable sushi to add just enough of a starch to soak up your sauce and fill you was indeed a great addition.My friends salad was really tasty as well and they dressed it very nicely ( not too heavy or light )The manager on duty that night came over and chatted with us. I always think that's a nice touch to a restaurant.  I will certainly be making my way back here soon.
<review# 746,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/12/2012,10/20/2012,236,245,4,9,8>Had a long-overdue reunion with two of my girls last night, and had a LOVELY time at the new Bar Majestic-turned-artisanal pizzeria, Razza.  But let me back up.I arrived early and the warm glow of fashion and glittery objects lured me into Tia's Place right next door.  GREAT location on Grove St!  Girls (or guys) can stop into Tia's to pick up a cute bauble or amazing cape sweater or party dress...for themselves or a loved one before dining at Razza.  Anyway. Onto the meat of my post.The space was warm and inviting, and surprisingly open, for being a smaller space.  There is a small section in the front that holds about two tables, and it opens into the back.  We were seated in the front, which has a nice view of the hustle bustle of Grove St.  Dark wooden benches and table with minimalistic candles and one page for the menu (see pic).  I like that.  I think that new places like this that are trying to elevate the dining scale in JC are smart to keep to a few basic items that they can execute extremely well. No need to have 50 items on the menu like a diner, when only 6 of them are standouts.  For three girls (one eating for two!): we ordered the meatball app, the farmer's salad, and two pies - the Tartufi and the cleverly named Mai Pie.  Meatballs were appropriate to share with 3 people, but would be better for 2!  They were succulent and the tomato sauce was warm, comforting, and like Grandma's (if I had an Italian grandma, haha).  Salad was crisp and refreshing, lightly dressed, and had very flavorful elements - the roasted peppers and sharp cheese - giving it that extra bite.  Onto the pies!  Fans of fungi, we opted for two mushroom pies.  Both good but so different!  The Mai Pie was a white pie with maitake and crimini mushrooms and fresh mozz.  Mild with the wonderful earthy wild mushroom flavor.  The Tartufi was a knock-your-socks-off mouthful of deliciousness - a red pie with crimini mushrooms, truffle sauce, sausage, and fresh mozz.  The crust was the same on both.  A flavorful, really thin-but-chewy in places, crispy in other places kind of crust.  Similar to the newer place Keste in the Village for you pizzaphiles!Service was excellent!  They didn't hover, they let us gab (and gab we did!), and did not rush us as we continued gabbing animatedly after the check was paid.  They knew we were ladies looking to linger, I guess!  Interestingly, there was no mention of dessert or a dessert menu.  Maybe it will come later. ;)
<review# 747,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/25/2012,10/19/2012,133,153,5,6,4>My grandmother is visiting us from Poland and she'd rather stay home and sew than go out and have a look-see at the U.S. of A.  We finally figured out what gets her out of the house: churches & farms.  I'm good with the farm part, I'm good with looking at breathtaking cathedrals, but I wasn't sure how good I would be sitting through all these masses - three in one month so far and tomorrow will be #4!No worries sitting through a mass at this gorgeous cathedral!  The Gothic architecture, all the little details on the stations of the cross that line the walls, the infinite ceiling, the ethereal choir......constantly something to take in and be in awe of....... and before you know it, it's Amen and see ya later!We happened upon a pretty impressive mass - the 25th Anniversary Episcopal ordination of the Archbishop of Newark! They almost didn't let us in since it was a reservations and ticket only event.  But they did allow a few non-priests and non-nuns (heehee) and we sat through an even more amazing mass complete with full blown security for, I assume, the three Cardinals present.  I still managed to sneak upstairs and peek out the little window on the 3rd floor (take the stairs or the elevator, restrooms are also located here) and took in the scene as well as a photo.If you're religious like my grandmother or if you're an agnostic like myself, you'll still be blown away by the sheer beauty and size of this cathedral.
<review# 748,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/22/2012,10/18/2012,1455,389,8,12,6>I'm lucky enough to get to see the HBLR whoosh its way past my apartment 387 times a day - and when I say whoosh, I mean whooooosh.  This is one of the quietest trains I've ever had the pleasure of existing close to...On the outside at least.  When you are on the train itself, it creaks and crackles and makes more weird noises than any train I've ever been on.  That being said, I'd much rather have the noise inside than out.  It does a little horn thing when someone is in the way, but besides that, I rarely hear it.Among its many other benefits, the HBLR is a convenient way for us back Hobokenites to get to the PATH without suffering a brutally sweaty walk, soaking rain, or a bitterly cold snow.  Or to, you know, go other places.  I wouldn't know, I drive everywhere else, this is just a means for me to get to work.Know this:The HBLR operates on the honor system most of the time.  You can walk on and walk off without having to scan or swipe a ticket of any kind. But...just buy one.  In the grand scheme of things, spending $2 and change for a ride is much better than getting a $75 ticket for trying to grab a freebie.  I ride this every weekday morning and on the four or five occasions they have been checking tickets when you walk off, I see at handful of people getting fines. They check very randomly - random times, random days, random people.  I've never been checked anywhere besides Hoboken Terminal, but there may very well be other places they look.THE HBLR will bring you in and around Jersey City and somewhere called "Tonnelle Avenue" a magical place of which I will likely never visit.  I stick to Hoboken, 2nd, and 9th street and drive just about everywhere else.  If you can't, this is a good place to take trains and get places.
<review# 749,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/12/2012,10/16/2012,175,193,3,13,9>Honestly, one of the best authentic Portuguese restaurants in the Ironbound! I've been eating here since I was a kid. They remodeled the restaurant about 2 years ago (pardon me if I'm incorrect on the dates). They have two big dining rooms, and a room for private parties downstairs. Service was good, although it could have been better. As soon as we walk in, a waiter attends to us and sits us down. He immediately hands us the menus and brings out fresh bread, goat cheese, bolinhos de bacalhau (codfish cakes), and rissoes (shrimp patties) to the table, compliments of the house. I ordered the leitao (roast suckling pig) served with French fries. Don't be fooled by other reviews: their pig is roasted in a brick oven (trust me). The roast suckling pig was delicious! Skin was extra crispy and the meat was juicy and tender! Don't forget to ask for the garlic/pepper sauce that comes with it.My mother ordered the roasted veal in wine sauce, served with rice and roasted potatoes. Again, it was pretty darn good! Portion size is huge - both my mom and I had lots of food leftover! Overall, I'd recommend Coimbra to anyone looking for good Portuguese food and a cozy atmosphere.
<review# 750,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/27/2012,10/15/2012,69,139,2,4,4>This is the new kid on the block when it comes to Mexican in Hoboken. It's refreshing to see a new non chain place open in Hoboken with Qadoba and Chipotle opening soon. I wish them luck! I will preface with this, we go to Charittos a lot, too much in fact so we like Mexican.We went on a Wednesday night, we sat outside and were the only people doing so. There was one or two tables sitting inside. I don't think many people know this place exists or has opened yet. Well it is, so check them out. We ordered the guacamole to start. Now, as opposed to Charitto's they don't make it table side, and you don't have the option of hot, mild, medium but it is excellent. I will admit I think I liked it better than Charittos. There wasn't much of it for $9 though. The salsa is probably the reason I give 4 stars, it just wasn't that good, we barely touched it. I think a Mexican place should have really good fresh salsa, this just didn't seem "fresh" to me.On to the entree, we both got the chicken enchiladas de mole. Do not get this if you do not like real mole sauce do not get this dish. The mole is authentic and delicious!! It is incredibly rich and thick. The other entrees were pretty pricey so this is really why we got the enchiladas. The rice and beans were also fantastic, I usually just skip those but I cleaned my plate, these were no typical refried beans.Halfway thru the meal the owner (I assume) came over and asked us how everything was, and asked if it was our fist time here. She said she'd love our feedback, so I gave it to her and she was very appreciative. She told me that everything here is homemade and it is her Mom and sisters recipes from Mexico, nothing is canned, etc. She thanked us for coming, I thought this was great. Service was a little slow, but that can be expected at a new place, but the server was very friendly. It's also BYOB which is a nice option too. I will definitely be back here, and I encourage anyone that likes real Mexican food to give this a try!
<review# 751,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/18/2012,10/14/2012,31,127,5,6,4>Wear something you won't mind smelling AMAZING after you leave.I've been to the Picnic Garden down in Edison, but never to this one.We walked in on a Friday night at around 7 and actually not that many people. We of course came at the most expensive time, but hey...we wanted all you can eat BBQ.GET THE KALBI SHORT RIBS. They are the best! However, my personal favorite are the pork bellies!TIP: DON'T FILL UP ON RICE! I like eating rice with my meat to soak up the grease, but trust me, you will get full SO much faster if you eat rice with your meat. Unless your metabolism is on roids, go ahead! hahaI will say the sausages are not that great, but who comes to Korean BBQ and gets sausages?The servers WILL change your grill plates VERY often. PLAN AHEAD! DON'T GET PISSED OFF AT THEM! They are only doing it to preserve their assets! The longer the plate stays on the more likely it will melt! Now you wouldn't want some kind of poisoning would you?TIP: -PLAN AHEAD!0. Wait for plate to heat up!1. Throw on new meat3. Immediately call over a server to cut your meat for you (this will allow meat to cook super fast!)2. Once meat is cooked, take all the meat off3. Ask for a change of grill plates! 4. Eat while the plate heats up5. REPEATDo not ask me why I decided to use 0 instead of 1 XDBottom Line:A lot of my fellow Yelpers have been saying the servers change the plates too often and in the middle of cooking meat. There's a reason for that!If you follow my 6 simple steps..you can avoid anger!Service is quick and even though we weren't Korean, they treated us as if we were! (Even greeted us in Korean...unfortunately my abilities stop after "hello" "i love you" "i understand" and "hurry up")Great place for a party of friends, but the price can be steep at certain time of the day and week! So be careful!
<review# 752,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/6/2012,10/13/2012,39,145,4,6,4>Love this place, always bring our friends and family here.  I've eaten just about everything on the menu and have never been disappointed.  Excellent beer selection, one of the best in town.  The owners and staff are all so nice and they make you feel at home.  Most of the food is pretty heavy, so you have to be in the mood for that type of meal, but they have some good salads as well.  My favorite dishes include the Wurst Platter and the Black Forest Chicken.  Bring your appetite.  The burgers are good too.  Also by far the best sauerkraut I've ever had....almost has kind of a creamy texture to it.  Even the assorted rolls they give you before dinner are good.  Great atmosphere whether you are there for dinner or just having a few quality beers.Some of my favorite times at Helmers are their Oktoberfest parties every Thursday night during the month of October.  They have a live German keyboard/vocalist (David Block!) who plays a bunch of songs that you know by heart, only with a German twist.  And they also offer beer specials where you get to keep your beer stein in addition to various raffles throughout the night.  Our cabinets are now bursting at the seams with German beer steins and we have now resorted to giving them away as gifts.  And we even won a 'Das Boot' in one of the raffles (not giving that one away!)But you won't have to wait for Oktoberfest to find me at Helmers....this is a year-round staple and one of Hoboken's gems.
<review# 753,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/30/2012,10/12/2012,198,103,1,6,3>I give this place 5 stars based entirely on the food and service both which were fantastic, but I must say, the food was surprisingly amazing; decor is back seat to this establishments food prep skills and ninja like speed and efficiency of handling my order. I had the Chicken & Rib combo with rice and beans for an extra buck and a coconut flan for dessert.The chicken- fantastically seasoned, lean and flavorful from the charcoal fire embers which you can plainly see in operation behind the register. The Ribs- so tender and juicy, and again, seasoned to perfection. The flan was unlike any I had before and was twice the size of the regular flan at the same price, so I couldn't resist, glad I didn't. The combo plate is served in a huge portioned aluminum tray with the beans on the side in a generous pint sized container usually seen in Chinese wonton takeout; they were exceptional- tender rice, flavorful beans, and not mushy either.A real gem among the many Portuguese restaurants peppering Essex county, I look forward to coming back here, it's worth the 18 min drive from Bloomfield.Bravo chefs!
<review# 754,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/28/2012,10/11/2012,451,412,2,3,2>This is some of the best sushi that I have had in a long time and not just for Jersey, but in general.  I have dinned here twice in the last 2 weeks and the food has consistently been delicious.  The fish tastes better than "fresh."  It tastes fresh from the ocean FRESH.  The Samurai roll is to die for: sweet crab, succulent tuna, and shrimp tempura heaven.  My boyfriend said the chicken teriyaki is amazing, however, I was too busy stuffing my face with sushi.  I have sampled a few rolls here now with a number of friends and the consensus among everyone is this restaurant is a winner.  Oh ya, the deep fried cheesecake is cream in your mouth delicious.  Just saying...BYOB.  And you do not need a reservation, but I recommend having one just in case.
<review# 755,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/24/2012,10/10/2012,63,183,4,11,5>I want to start by saying that I am by no means an expert in Latin cuisine. Still, I am blown away by some of the negative reviews. I honestly had the best meal (at a new place) that I have had in a long time at Old San Juan last night. The interior is still the same as it was when the place was Japasia, which is good since the owners then had put a ton of work into the look. There are stone walls, waterfalls, beautiful slate flooring and artificial, floor-to-ceiling trees that act as room dividers. I like it a lot.Service was amazing, start to finish. We were greeted at the door by a woman who seemed genuinely glad to see us. Our wine was open and glasses poured before we could think to ask. Our server was friendly, knowledgable, and efficient. There was a tiny bit of a language barrier, but she just worked through it, handling any communications issues with patience and a good deal of grace. The food was simply outstanding. The portions were extremely generous, the prices very reasonable. Our groupon entitled us to a free appetizer. The waitress suggested the "Tostones Rellenos" (stuffed plantain) with either shrimp or beef. We hesitated a bit, Dan wanted the shrimp, I wanted the beef. Our server quickly ran off to the kitchen and returned, glowing that they would gladly do one of each for the app. Fantastic! We also decided to get Garlic Fried Bread & Sausage. Everything that came back was mind blowing, and I was full at the end of the appetizers. For entrees, I had the Churrasco (Skirt Steak) with chimichurri sauce and yucca fries. The steak was seasoned and grilled to perfection, the sauce was perfectly balanced and flavorful, without overpowering. And the yucca fries. . .where have you been all my life?Dan decided to have the "Special Platter" which has: pan seared steak with rice,beans,sweet Plantains,eggs & a pork Strip. Generous portion is an understatement. His only issue was he thought the steak was more done than he liked, but he also didnt specify how he wanted it.Though we were both stuffed, and had a bag of leftovers, we decided on dessert. We got the coconut flan, and it was the best flan I have ever had--even without the addition of the coconut. So creamy, so rich, and the coconut complimented the flavor perfectly. There were some small downsides, but since they were decor based, I wont deduct a star. 1) The chairs need reupholstering. The gold velvet material is starting to fray and pull away at the seams. 2) Dust your artificial tree leaves! There were some old cobwebs back in the leafy areas. Everything else was spotlessly clean though. 3) The music was a touch on the loud side, but then, it is a Latin place, so that might just be a cultural thing.Great experience, and a place I will definitely add to our rotation.BYOBEDIT: In partnership with Groupon Rewards. When you spend a cumulative $300 here with any linked credit card, you earn a $30 gift certificate.
<review# 756,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/11/2012,10/9/2012,126,130,4,9,6>Now this place is a lounge!!!! (NY vibe) The atmosphere was stunning. It had a nice, dark and sexy vibe going on. Would be a great place for a nice date or for a small group of friends. The lounge is indeed small, but intimate and very cozy. This is not the place to go to for a quick average drink. You want to come here if you are in the mood for a nice stiff specialty cocktail. I had a Mango Mojito, and it was the best I have had thus far.YUMMMMMMM!! The bartender was kind enough to show me how much mango Cruzan rum goes in the drink, and I was impressed. I personally like all flavored mojitos to be made with Cruzan rums. So this place gets extra points on the rum choice. I then had a Grilled Pineapple & Cracked Pepper martini. I know it sounds odd, but it was strangely delicious, and stiff enough to be your last drink. They infused the pepper in the Prairie vodka themselves; which was really cool. If you like a nice spicy after taste than this is your drink.I went after work hours and there was actually a pretty decent size after work crowd for a Monday.  They have happy hour that consist of your basic wine and well drinks, but it does not include the specialty cocktails. I'm not sure I would indulge in happy hour drinks, when they have a good amount of delicious cocktails to choose from. The cocktails are not cheap, but well worth splurging once in a while. They have food and apps but  didn't  try it.The bartender on duty was super cool, and really understood the art of mixology. I will definitely be coming back to this place (hopefully with a date lol).
<review# 757,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,8/15/2012,10/7/2012,340,288,3,5,4>As was stated before, how does this place not have more reviews?! With much competition within Fort Lee and nearby Palisades Park, I can say with no hesitation that this is my favorite place for katsu.For all you non Koreans (like myself) do not fret, the menu is in English and if that is not enough the two lovely ladies running this joint put up labeled pictures of favorite dishes. From the katsu side of the menu, you have a choice of pork katsu, chicken katsu or fish katsu. And you can have it with rice, rice and curry sauce or soba noodles. They start you off with miso soup, salad and a variety of ban chan. My favorite being the pickled jalapenos. As first timers, I chose the fish katsu with rice and my man got the pork katsu with rice and curry. The breading is so light and crisp. So good that you do not get that heavy, greasy feeling in the pit of your stomach. They also provide sesame seeds with a man made mortar and pestle and homemade katsu sauce and spicy sauce. You then make your own sauce table side depending on how spicy you want it. Don't forget to sprinkle the smashed sesame seeds on top. Then dip away!For easy navigation, this place is directly in front of Pho 32 & Shabu Shabu. Also it shares an entrance with a hair salon but the salon is on the second floor while Haha Don Katsu is on the first floor.
<review# 758,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/21/2012,10/6/2012,1252,1131,3,7,4>*4.5 Stars*So you have to be a member of this place to have dinner here. Luckily I was invited to a wedding here so I can forget about their membership fee and being "chosen". The facilities is beautiful. Their staff is very friendly and organized. The bartenders do their best to keep up with the thirsty crowd. Their food, very good...what really stood out: Beef Wellington bites...holy cow I could eat them like pop corn. The tables were set up with real comfy chairs and you actually had elbow room (not like other events where everyone is shoulder to shoulder at the tables...).It's not a huge place but the key is they have an outdoor area where you can have a drink, relax and take in some sun. Even though it's private, ascots are optional. Side topic: Valet company they use, be careful. I filed a complaint against them since they stole money out of my console. No fault of PAC and no influence in my review, just a heads up.
<review# 759,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/10/2012,10/5/2012,2315,442,3,16,13>"Saddle River County Park is a 577-acre linear park that meanders with the Saddle River and its tributary brooks. It consists of five park areas that are linked by a multi-use path, including circular paths around some ponds."I have used this park system extensively for over thirty five years and witnessed many improvements and some detractions. There are actually a total of six areas that have different amenities and character: Rochelle Park Area, Otto C. Pelle Area (Saddle Brook), Dunkerhook Area (Paramus), Glen Rock Area, Fair Lawn Area (County Pitch), Wild Duck Pond Area (Ridgewood).I have broken them down into the areas listed above and invite others to offer their reviews of this excellent park system, A link to the parks web site is included there you can view maps and get directions to all the parks.Keep The Parks Clean And Your Dog On A Leash!Check Out The Entire Park System By Clicking The Parks Link Below \/yelp.com/list/parks-fair
<review# 760,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/22/2012,10/4/2012,474,598,2,14,4>This place is a real find. Everything we had was terrific, great service, comfy atmosphere, awesome prices. What we ordered was absolutely delicious.Tzatziki and pita were among the best I've ever had.Spanakopita was fantastic - spinach-filled goodness without any of the greasiness that is typical of local restaurants.Lamb chops were cooked to perfection, lightly seasoned and simple, allowing the grilled lamb flavor to shine. I asked for their orzo on the side instead of the potatoes, and am so glad I did. It was orzo mixed with stewed tomatoes and feta with barely a hit of garlic. I'll be trying to recreate this at home - so yummy!His lamb kokkinisto was good as well - although I won the "who ordered the best dish tonight" race. It was like a lamb stew over orzo. Very nice.We ordered the special dessert (only offered on Saturdays) of loukoumades - what they described as "Greek zeppoles." Really delish.Dinner for 2 was around $60 with tip. We'll absolutely be back!
<review# 761,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/25/2012,10/3/2012,209,511,4,5,3>Thank you all for the great recommendations!  I was bed stricken for two days and finally conjured enough energy to walk down the street to PromptMD.  I am glad I had.  I was in and out in 20 minutes on a Wednesday morning.  Was given a light physical by the young and savy tech who relayed the info to the doctor.  A real jokester this guy was and I already felt better just sitting there.  Took a test, and was out the door with a script.  I was feeling great in under 3 days.  Best part was the entire day including the pills and the liquid steroid shot was under $150!  Beat that big medical insurance companies!  Extraordinarily professionalAffordableSolved the problem
<review# 762,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/8/2012,10/2/2012,258,599,7,19,8>I am going to have to ask the financial aid office to increase my financial aid.  I will be eating here a lot and I will run out of loan money soon.Yes. The food here is that good.Since coming to Jersey, I have had too much bad to mediocre food at restaurants styled as "Asian Bistros" where the menu had Americanized Chinese food, Sushi and Thai and none of it was good.  Every time I had the misfortune of eating at one of these places I left extremely homesick for California, where good food from almost any Asian culture could be found easily. Before eating, I knew this place was good, why?1. This place is a "Japanese Restaurant & Bar" not an "Asian Bistro"2. I heard Korean spoken behind the sushi bar, Koreans can make some good sushi.The food did not disappoint.  We ordered a Spicy Chirashi and some basic rolls, nothing fancy.  I haven't had Chirashi this good since the last time I was at a Korean Sushi joint in Oakland, CA... Over a year ago.  Chirashi could have used some rice at the bottom of the bowl, but it was stellar nonetheless. The fish was fresh and cut well, no sinews.  Lighly oiled and very filling. It is hard to be Asian in Newark. There are no good authentic Asian options of any kind in this city. Period. I was tired of leaving Newark for sit down Asian food that more often than not, missed the mark.Not anymore. Not only did Newark gain a sushi place, it gained a sushi place that can put many others to shame.
<review# 763,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/5/2012,10/1/2012,72,167,2,9,3>We went to Saveur Creole based on the great reviews I have read from Yelp and we weren't disappointed. Walking in, it felt like we were in a restaurant in the Carribean. The place is small but it is decorated with bright colors and magical paintings of the beach. We felt good. It's a BYOB. There's a liquor store next door with a fine selection and resonable prices. That worked as well.The waitress brought over our menu's and and said if we have any questions regarding the menu, please ask. We started with the Saveur Creole Sampler which consisted of your choice of two empanadas, Marinades, and Haitian Caviar. The Haitian Caviar is a smoked fish spread over crispy tostones and topped with a dollop of goat chese and the marinades were deep fried vegitarian fritters. We picked the beef and crab empanadas. It was served with a dish of very spicy cabbage/ slaw. The entire selection was very delicious. Watch out for the slaw, it was very spicy but also went well with the food that was served.The main meals come with a homemade soup and a salad. The soup we had was a vegetarian soup that was to die for. Extremely good. And the salad was a garden salad with a fruity vinegarette. We ordered a salmon and shrimp dish in a red creole sauce as well as a filet of Atlantic Sea Bass. Both dishes came with a vegetable and sweet plantains. You had your choice of white rice, black rice, rice and beans or a mac n' cheese as a side. We picked the black rice which was very good. The rice was flavored with some herbs and spices and was very tasty. Both dishes were cooked perfectly.We didn't need it but we ordered the creme brulee'. The dessert took a while to come out. I thought it was strange that it was taking so long but we were patiently waiting. The dessert finally arrived and it was very hot. I must admit that I have never had a creme brulee that was hot out of the oven. Bottomline, the chef made it from scratch and it was very good.I would recommend a couple of fixes. The first was no bread was offered. If I go to a better restaurant, bread is usually offered. None this time. Also, it was a very warm evening and the place didn't seem to have air conditioning. By the time we left, we were very warm. We also asked for coffee (don't know why since it was so warm) but we were told "I don't know if we have coffee". A little bit of a strange answer so we went with the water. Glad we did since it was so warm in the restaurant.This was the first time we went to Saveur Creole. It certainly won't be the last.
<review# 764,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/12/2012,9/30/2012,237,200,5,10,8>SO KONG DONG IS SO SO GOOD!Anthony Bourdain: "What do I know about Korean food? Next to nothing."Fortunately for Bourdain he had his Associate Producer Nari along with him the day he came here to shoot the No Reservations: New Jersey episode in 2005. However, a quick look a the menu is all it takes to know that its not too difficult to figure out what you want. When coming here the only think you should know is that no matter what you may have thought about tofu before walking through the door will be radically changed for the positive by the time you walk out.*** MENU ***Plain Tofu SoupMushroom, Tofu SoupSeafood, Beef, Tofu Soup (clam, shrimp, oyster, beef)Seafood, Tofu Soup (calm, shrimp, oyster)Kimchee, Beef, Tofu Soup (spiced cabbage, beef)Oyster, Tofu SoupClam, Tofu SoupBeef, Tofu SoupPork, Tofu SoupKorean B.B.Q. RibsThe menu should make it clear that chances are pretty certain that you WILL be eating tofu tonight. My own personal preference is to order an order of the Korean B.B.Q. Ribs (Kalbi) and an order of the Seafood, Beef, Tofu Soup (Soondubu). While many shops offer some pairing of the Soondubu and Kalbi as the featured combo at So Kong Dong these are the only things on the menu so feel free to try different soups on your next visits. At most other Korean restaurants you might come there for the BBQ, but at SKD its the other way around. While the Kalbi here is sweet and tender, it is not the star of the show. Sure it is served with rice and banchan, but a quick glance across the packed dining room and the park at your own risk lot outside makes it clear that these people came for the tofu soup.I recently tried the Kimchee, Beef, Tofu Soup and I was in spicy sweaty heaven. Invariably I order my soups as spicy as they make them, but the added flavor of the kimchee just brought the dish to a new level. More than just adding more heat the kimchee brings a sourness to the soup that change the way that you think of when people say "Hot and Sour Soup." I used to be a fan of the Hot & Sour Soup from Chinese restaurants until I grew weary of its nature of being hit or miss. I've NEVER had a bad bowl of their Kimchee and Beef Tofu Soup, so instead of rolling the dice at other places I'm proud to say that I'm a loyal fan.Hopefully after leaving from So Kong Dong Anthony Bourdain may have been able to revise his initial statement that he knew next to nothing about Korean food. After tasting their tofu soup, I realized that I didn't know as much about tofu soup as I thought I had. When leaving So Kong Dong you're sure to know that you've just had the best damn bowl of tofu soup that you're likely to find in the area. So the next time that you go there and see a line of people waiting to be seated, just know that this meal will be well worth the wait.
<review# 765,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/15/2012,9/29/2012,383,500,9,12,8>How do you know you're in a Puerto Rican restaurant? When Marc Anthony is in heavy rotation on the music playlist. We came here on a Saturday night, easily found parking a block away, and didn't know that it is BYOB (luckily there is a liquor store having a "Going Out of Business" sale across the street).  We ordered the following:- Shrimp Ceviche on Tostones (fried plantain): the tomatoes, red onions, and lime made the flavor pop. The shrimp had a nice octopus texture and was complimented by the tostones (think of the fried plantain like a crispy delivery system for the ceviche).- Mofongo with Beef Stew: imagine clam chowder being served in a bread bowl (except that it's chunky pieces of beef served in a fried plantain bowl). WARNING: do not consume this dish if you plan to do anything that evening because you will be rendered unconscious within the hour (AKA the 'itis').  The meal is dense and will steal your energy. - Chuletas (2 pork chops) with onions: I will admit to having orderer's remorse for not ordering this as my dish. I looked like a vampire seeing fresh blood as I studied the bones for hidden leftover meat. The fried pork chop had a beautiful crispy brown hue and I was happy for the pieces that I begged for (and I actually picked up the bones with my hands and went at it - no shame in my game).Eddie, head chef / owner, came out to welcome each table to his 110th day in business.  Hopefully he'll expand with a dance floor so I can get my salsa on.
<review# 766,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/13/2012,9/28/2012,206,553,11,7,7>Dear Raymond('s),When you put that piece of blueberry pie in front of me, I felt like you liked me, you really liked me. I spent all that time on the Internet looking for the right one and you delivered her (it) to my table. It didn't matter that your blueberry pie liked Star Wars and Celine Dion because I could not avert my eyes from her beauty and I could not see a flaw. For obvious reasons I will not divulge what your pie and I did those two times, but please know I will come see her again soon.Also Raymond('s), I'm sorry that 90% of your reviewers refer to you as an "institution" before complaining about the long lines. I don't quite understand why they think less of you because you have long lines. This is a mystery I can only solve after ordering some more blueberry pie.You are an excellent, upscale diner. Your ambiance inside is totally welcoming in an industrial old-time diner way and every time I have been there the service has been friendly and timely. The menu is diverse and I have never had a bad meal here. Your Grilled Chicken Paillard is outstanding and your random varieties of homemade non-alcoholic beverages are both staggering and attractive. Although I haven't feasted on your breakfast, I have no doubt it is outstanding.In short Raymond('s), I like the way you make me feel when I am there.Sincerely,blueberry pie's b*tch
<review# 767,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/29/2012,9/27/2012,217,94,5,6,7>I love coming to this park and hiking the trails with my dog (she loves it as well!)For all the people bad-mouthing northern NJ they should take the time to explore the PIP. It offers some beautiful hiking trails and some absolutely spectacular views of NY from atop the Palisades.The park entrance I use is located northbound between exits 2 & 3 of the Palisades Interstate (park entrance is not well marked and sneaks up on you right before exit 3).  They have a comfort station there that serves up some basic food like hamburgers and hot dogs.The trails are well marked and have challenging sections due to the fact that you are descending down to the Hudson River from the top of the Palisades and then obviously have to hike back up. There are "stairs" leading down this trail which are quite steep and require your full attention when descending.......trip and fall while descending these stairs and you're a goner!There is also a cool rock scramble section if you're looking for a little more of a challenge.  On your way down to the river there are sections that give you that  Jurassic Park feel. You'll even come across a breathtaking waterfall (see pic).Northern NJ really does provide us with some of the most incredible beauty that Mother Nature has to offer......so get out there and check it out!
<review# 768,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/27/2012,9/26/2012,65,149,5,7,6>The 5 star reviews for this place are spot on! I would beg/borrow/steal a ride to come back to this restaurant and have the chicken dish.This is a unassuming little restaurant; the decor isn't much to talk about. There's another restaurant with a very similar name right next to this one. Our server was really warm and friendly and rattled off the long list of specials. She answered all our questions politely.They served us the complimentary bread/olive oil and bruschetta (which was good). We ordered a mix of dishes; seafood risotto, veal risotto, seafood linguini and the most amazing dish of all (unfortunately I can't remember it's name) chicken with sausage/potatoes/peppers. I had the seafood risotto which was nice as well, but I wish I had ordered the chicken. It was so juicy and flavorful.To top it off, we were served slices of melons and mini cannoli for dessert. I was eyeing the cannolis but was too full to order. So the mini cannolis were just a perfecttouch to end our meal.
<review# 769,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/12/2012,9/25/2012,397,687,5,8,6>About a month ago some co-workers and I walked into this place and then left when we saw they were serving out of trays on a steamer table.  DUMB move.  After seeing Kenny L's regular check-ins I asked him about it and he convinced me to give it a try (Thanks Kenny!!).  I was craving Thai food today, and since no one else was in the mood, I stopped in for takeout.  You know that feeling you get when you walk into a new place and you feel like an idiot because you don't really know how the whole thing is gonna work?  Well that was me...however, the guy at the register quickly offered his assistance, explained what they had and before I knew it I was walking out the door with my Pad Thai Chicken/Spicy Basil Chicken Combo (with a spring roll and a Thai Iced Tea).  I was gonna get one of the curry dishes, but both had peas...ugh...I hate peas-awful little balls of ick.I thought the Pad Thai was good, especially after I added the chili sauce to it-they DO need to do a better job of making sure there is enough chicken...I only had two medium sized chunks.  The Basil Chicken was a little oily, but was delicious.  Didn't NEED anymore spice (which shocked me), but I added more chili sauce ...something I may regret.  Finally, the spring roll was a little small, but VERY good, and not too greasy, and the Thai iced tea was great too.All in all, a VERY nice experience with great service-though it was a little pricey for a lunch ($12.10) for the amount you get.  I may not become the regular Kenny is, but then again it is about a mile from work, so I may still become a regular.
<review# 770,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/27/2012,9/24/2012,139,161,4,9,6>We ventured to the Ironbound section of Newark for rodizio, but what we left with was an experience.First the GPS led us from Jersey City through some back roads and streets that you wouldn't want to be caught by yourself after sundown. Secondly, we spotted what looked like Fernandes, but was actually the cafe/deli version of the restaurant where you could get burgers and sandwiches. This happened to be a block or two from the actual Fernandes, which was inconvenient because we had to walk a few seemingly treacherous blocks in Newark to the world famous Fernandes. I recommend parking in the fenced in parking area that they offer. Once you enter the Fernandes castle from the back, you pass through 3 massive doors that lead you through an outdoor living room into a very nice dining room budding with activity. It was just a Monday night and they were very busy, although we didn't have to wait for a table.I didn't have to think about what I was going to order, because I knew I wanted rodizio. I just looked around and at one table skewers of sausage and chicken legs were being served and at another - bacon wrapped filet mignon. My girlfriend was inexperienced in this realm, so I just ordered for her.Don't take the wait personally, because the way it works is that you are seated by the host, your order taken by your waiter, and then actually served all evening by different people that have their own roles. Meat skewers will pass you by until the servers prepare fresh rice, beans, french fries, and fried bananas. You also have access to a nice sized salad bar. Tip: don't fill up on the salad bar, you'll thank me later.Each cut of meat, whether it be the sausage, chicken, or various types of beef, were all seasoned and cooked to perfection. We had a really great time and will recommend to friends and family.
<review# 771,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/11/2012,9/23/2012,135,103,13,7,5>Fun at the carrrrr wasshhhh.This place is VERY confusing to get into.  I think I almost died 3 times trying to pull in.  The entrance is on Observer...but so is the exit.  It's all very scary.  One you figure out how to get in though, everything gets a little easier.  There are multiple options to make you feel like your precious vehicle is at the salon.  From regular wash, to Silver, to Gold, to VIP, yada yada yada I mean really, whats the difference?  I wanted RainX so I went with the Gold option (fancy, eh?) which came out to about $26 including tax.   A basic wash is about $12.  When you check in on Yelp, a discount pops up for 15% off "Detail Packages."  When I went to the cash register to check out, she had no idea if what I was getting was considered a "detail package."  Instead of finding out, she told me go get "the guy" and ask him.  I do a full spin around, and there's no "guy..."  At that point I just said forget it, I'll apply the discount next time, if it's appropriate.  Wasn't in the mood to deal with chasing people around and begging for their measly 15% off discount.  You just sit there on your stool, wouldn't want you to exert yourself.They do a nice, thorough job, but give yourself at least 15 minutes, depending on what package you get.  You can hang out inside, or on some benches outside, which is a nice spot to sit and read a book.  Yes, I sat and read a book.  Next to a hot man, who was too cool to speak to me.  And must have had a really dirty car because he was there before I got there, and was still there when I left.  Okay, now this isn't really relevant anymore.
<review# 772,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/14/2012,9/22/2012,115,91,6,6,5>The best all around pizzeria and restaurant in Bayonne.  If you live in the area and are planning on staying in and ordering out tonight stop shuffling through those menus and debating what to get.  This is your go to place if you want Italian food but not sure whether you want pizza, pasta or another dish but you just don't want to be disappointed.  Their "buffalo chicken pizza" here is really good but my DISCLAIMER: Its really not buffalo chicken and its not spicy at all not even buffalo sauce! It should be called Chicken Franchise pizza because its closer to that than buffalo.  And it is reaaallly heavy thick crust.  I have one slice of it and feel my arteries clogging but its so good and I want more.  Then I have the second slice and after Im finished I just wanna curl up and go into a food coma.  Over all I have had many of their plates and they get 4 stars for quality and consistency on a diversity of dishes.
<review# 773,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/10/2012,9/21/2012,156,84,21,22,20>It's camping time! I'll start the fire and put the beer on ice. You find some branches for the marshmallows and heat up the mac and cheese!This place is like a souped up camping trip. Why, you ask?1) You have your tent, which in this place is a cozy wood and stone accented house. 2) Your keg of beer has turned into huge stainless steel vats of fermenting beer and endless choices of brewski! Not to mention they've got good bartenders who know how to make good cocktails.3) That campfire mac and cheese your mom used to make? At Trap Rock, it's made with five cheeses, is silky smooth, creamy, and to die for. Oh yeah, and there's bbq pulled pork on top. That's a heavenly combination! (see photo)4) That fish you caught from the lake? Over here it's Ahi Tuna Tacos! Seared to perfection with a Mexican flair. Incredible. (see photo)5) Remember telling stories over the camp fire and firing up some good old s'mores? Guess what? You can do that here, too. What a great way to finish off your meal! It's fancy, too! (see photo)Well, it's time to go pack the truck and head out to the lake... So long suckers!
<review# 774,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/25/2012,9/20/2012,195,235,5,15,7>The parentals and I ordered from Scarpa's on Sunday night and we were really impressed! Their menu is not huge - they only have a handful of salads, wraps, and entrees to select from (as compared to other local pizzerias) but Scarpa's quality trumps their competition, hands-down. They offer the usual pizza varieties and they also have a catering menu.We chose one order of cheese raviolis (10 raviolis per order instead of the 7 or 8 you receive from other places...my dad was happy about that), one grilled chicken wrap, and one potatoes/eggs/peppers/mushrooms sandwich.  Everything was presented so nicely - very aesthetically pleasing. Even the containers that Scarpa's places their food in are very nice. Rather than serving you stale-ass bread like the other pizzerias in the area, Scarpa's served fresh, delicious pizza bread (very large round roll that is sliced up).  I haven't seen pizza bread in YEARS.  This shows me that the owners are true Italians (most pizzerias don't even know what this kind of bread is). The grilled chicken wrap came along with a really nice side salad (baby greens) lightly dressed, with sundried tomatoes, regular tomatoes, and olives. I hate iceberg lettuce...it is cheap and offers zero nutritional value...thank you Scarpa's for not inviting it to the salad party!  The ingredients in the wrap were simple but delicious - sundried tomato wrap, grilled chicken, mozz, and baby greens. The potatoes/eggs/peppers/mushrooms sandwich was insanely delicious (served on the pizza bread). Yumzilla.The owners take pride in their business and it shows. I hope they continue this level of freshness, quality and care that they put into their food.  If they do, then they will have a lot of repeat customers (like us)!
<review# 775,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/4/2012,9/19/2012,980,498,7,9,8>The still recent renovation to this park was a well needed face lift for the neighborhood, and everyone in the community has benefited.This park features 2 tennis courts, ample playground space & features for the little ones, a beautiful basketball court with bleachers, benches, a gazebo, 2 fenced dog areas, and plenty of dog free soft green stuff...otherwise known as grass. The tennis courts are great. Check the billboard for clinics, private lessons, etc. I never noticed long waits for the courts which is great, so hopefully everyone is being considerate of playing time.You can always find dogs and mostly friendly dog owners in one of the two fenced areas. One for small dogs and one for large. Unlike lots of dog parks I've been to...people here seem to adhere to the size standards. Just watch out for the tennis balls left behind. They are usually covered in germs.The basketball court is always being utilized. Some pretty serious games, so bring your A-game. If you can't really ball, you may want to take a seat on the bleachers and enjoy the game from the sideline.If you just want to poke around, bring the kids to play, or play yourself this is a great park. Lots of sun and shade. Swing by Basic, grab some sandwiches and enjoy lunch in the park. The Hamilton Park area boasts beautiful brownstones and condo buildings. There are some great little shops, and good restaurants with more on the way.
<review# 776,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/16/2012,9/18/2012,171,196,7,5,5>Holy. Hell.This is the greatest Indian restaurant on earth......or maybe just in Montclair.I don't care if there's one in the city.  It might be roomier, but good god, its little sister packs a hell of a punch.  Do you like curry as much as I do?  Put it in high gear... this is some seriously stinky-spicy-tasty-tasty curry.  There are around 10 different choices... the Madras is my favorite, but I have tried a few others, namely the Goan, Khorma(?), and Bhana...the latter being way, way good but a little bit too spicy for my likings... rice is extra, and for this one, you will most definitely need it.Appetizers... well, to be fair, I have only tried a few of the less adventurous dishes, like the samosas and the prawns... both were done just fine by me.I love that they have goat.  Right, big shocker, this is Indian cuisine... but still, that's pretty awesome.  What I would *pay* to see a Montclairian-housewive say, "Why yes, I will take the Goat Masala please...!!"Gets very busy.  When I first drove past this place... I was like, damn, what the heck are these people selling?  There was a line out the door.  Skip forward to today, it's still packed... tiny building can only fit so many.  So, get there a little bit early if possible.
<review# 777,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/14/2012,9/17/2012,390,569,4,7,4>What should you do on a Saturday night in Hoboken when the temperature is in the mid-70's and all you want to do is sit outside? Find a fantastic BYOB dining establishment and chill. That's what.Enter, this weekend. We'd played all day Friday/Saturday and weren't sure what Saturday night would bring, but we knew we should eat. A BYOB was on the agenda and we landed on Robongi. The dining experience, itself, was a little bit odd. We definitely didn't have one waiter. I'm not sure a.) who took our order, b.) who brought our food, c.) who kept refilling our wine glasses, or d.) who asked us to move - read on - but we were never in need of anything so the formula must work. It was actually kind of nice not to have a single person in charge of our table, instead it was a collective waiter team that took care of us. We started with edamame and the tempura appetizer. We easily identified the shrimp, but the fried vegetables were more of a guessing game, which we don't think we won. There was a sweet potato (yum!), a cucumber, and... things that tasted good but were unidentifiable to our Midwestern meat-and-potato eyeballs.Next, we moved along to the classic California roll (my choice, it was excellent, but I was left wondering who had left out the cucumber), the Yellow Tail roll, and the sweet potato roll. They were presented beautifully and easily set up for two people to enjoy without reaching over one another. The sweet potato roll wasn't one I'd ordinarily choose, but now that I've had it I'll probably choose it again and again. I was encouraged to try it with the soy sauce - sweet and savory. Mmmm.. I'm glad I'm no longer dating the guy who is afraid to try new things. Picky eaters suck. Our meal would have ended there, but this weird thing happened mid-entree where we were asked to move tables so they could accommodate a large party. That has definitely never happened to me before, but what were we supposed to do? We're nice Midwesterners so we obliged, though we were a bit put off by the odd request. However, at the end of our meal we were given ice cream on the house, which was nice that they acknowledged that they made us move after we were nice and settled. As the ice cream goes, I'd stick to the vanilla. The green tea ice cream wasn't as nice as I'd have hoped. Overall, I'd definitely go back. It was a great way to enjoy a Saturday night - and affordable!
<review# 778,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/5/2012,9/16/2012,1550,325,,13,6>Three of us came for lunch last Saturday.  It was not crazy crowded.  We sat at a table in the bar area that has the large, screened open windows.  The temperature was perfect.Having just returned from a vacation in southern Florida we were anxious to try their version of smoked fish dip.  This is not a common appetizer in the Tri-State area and we wanted to compare to the ones we recently enjoyed.  Unfortunately, the 2 NJ locations don't carry it.  Instead we began with the Zinger Potato Chip Nachos (Zingers with  Medium Garlic Sauce, Cut into Bite Size Pieces and Served over Homemade Potato Chips. Topped with Jack & Cheddar Cheeses, Diced Tomatoes, Green Onions and Sour Cream).  This was a pretty huge portion even for the 3 of us.  The potato chips were perfectly crunchy.  I wish there was some type of salsa or sauce that came on the side.The staff was overly apologetic about the length of time that it took to bring them to us.  There must have been 4 different manager-types that came over to apologize.  We never felt like they were taking an unusually long time.Wife had the Apple Walnut Salad (Fresh Romaine Topped with a Vinaigrette Dressing, Craisins, Candied Walnuts, Fresh Apples, Grapes, and Crumbled Blue Cheese).  They forgot the apples.  Waiter and manager again were very apologetic.I had the Miller's Steak Sandwich (Marinated Steak Piled High and Smothered with Onions, Mushrooms, Bistro Sauce & Provolone Cheese. Served on a Toasted Garlic Steak Roll with Pickle and Fries.)  I substituted the regular fries with sweet potato fries that came with a dipping sauce which was whipped butter and tons of cinnamon.  That dipping sauce was quite the hit at this table.  Otherwise the sandwich was just okay.  The bread got a bit too moist from the bistro sauce...next time on the side.Friend went with the Fish and Chips (Flaky White Fish Fried Golden Brown. Served with Cole Slaw and French Fries.)  Friend substituted the fries out for onion rings.  This was the largest portion of fried fish that I have ever seen.  He enjoyed it very much.Managers comped us dessert.  Wife and friend selected the Capt'n Jack's Buried Treasure (Homemade Ice Cream Cake with Oreo® Cookie Crust, Caramel, Chocolate Fudge & Heath Bar® Crunch).  Most of the shallow bowl was filled with the chocolate fudge and the cake sat atop.  THEY LOVED IT!!!!  I would definitely return.
<review# 779,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/20/2012,9/15/2012,84,82,6,8,9>You know what's missing from the world these days? Going into a place like Holsten's, sitting down at a bar, and ordering a milkshake. Just a milkshake. I love that I can still do this here.Holsten's is in all definition of the word: solid. It's the kind of food that you think of when you want to go to Friendly's. Except the food that comes out is the actual food in your head, not the food that you would actually get at Friendly's. By this I mean, burgers, patty melts, french fries with ketchup and ranch, milkshakes, etc... (mouth is now watering).The burgers are presented like how an old fashioned burger used to: top and bottom separate and you finish the assembly yourself. I could go through all of the things I've ever ordered but I'll just wrap it all up and say I've never had one bad thing.Do yourself a favor, grab a seat at the bar and order a milkshake. Or take the family out for a patty melt extravaganza. Unlike some other establishments, you will definitely leave happy.
<review# 780,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/31/2012,9/14/2012,266,172,5,6,6>After years of absence from this humble place, I can say for certain that it still retains its quaint charm.  The décor of the restaurant is modern but elegantly infused with Asian flavors.  The bamboo and straw chairs for example is a very smart touch.  The place is warm and cozy and takes care of its patrons very well.  After having visited it since its grand opening and many more times in the past, I, through no ones fault but my own, have not visited the establishment for quite some time.  That is until recently when I decided to take someone out for a nice dinner date.  And I can tell you it was certainly a delight.My companion for the night was Bengali and has never tried Filipino food in her life.  She was so excited to have the chance to do so and I knew that Pandan fit the bill to give her the introduction.  We shared the appetizer of lumpia shanghai and crispy calamari. Both dishes were great starters.  The right amount of crisp for both dish and the flavor was spot on.  For our entrée we ordered two separate dishes to share.  We had the kare-kare and the crispy chicken.  Coming from a culture that loves spice, my date requested that the crispy chicken be really spicy.  Boy did they hit the mark.  It was spicy indeed, which is not a problem for me at all, but the flavor was still all there.  That red curry sauce is truly magical.  Also the kare-kare had just the right amount of distinct peanut taste that surprised my date, prompting her to ask how to make it so she can try to cook it herself.  After a filling entrée course we moved to desert and nothing could be better than halo-halo.  We shared the dessert, but in all honesty I think my date ate the majority of it.  She said afterward she found one of her new favorite desserts.It's always great to have a restaurant that you can fall back on if you want to go out for a special occasion or a unique experience to bring someone to.  It also doesn't hurt that it gives a non-Filipino a glimpse into the flavor, experience, and warmth of the culture.  Pandan is a great example of this and I hope it doesn't change.
<review# 781,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/6/2012,9/13/2012,503,395,10,13,11>I don't know how people are saying that this place is not cheap! Hi, have you tried going out to buy fresh seafood lately, it's SUPER expensive! This place gives you great flavor, lots of options, huge portions and will get a steaming plate to your table in under 20 minutes.I've had the paella marinera here, which is served in a giant bowl, three of us ate and I still had left overs.The fish soup is amazing, get the small, it's plenty for seafood, perfect flavor, but will ruin your appetite if you are planning to stuff your face with an entree.The parrillada de mariscos brings anything and everything in the sea that you would want to eat, just bring a friend to help you roll out of the place and carry your doggy bag.I don't really recommend the shrimp in garlic sauce, I didn't love it as I do in Portuguese places.If you don't want seafood, they have a great option for steak called "poor man's steak" aka bistec a lo pobre. It brings rice, a fried egg over the steak, fries, beans, all delicious things.I have been coming with my family here for years. It's definetley not a place where you take someone to impress them on a date. You will see lots of drunk Latino men, small children crying and if you're lucky one person in the waitstaff will understand English. But if you want to know if this relationship is the real thing, they can handle the ambiance AND your garlic fish breath....because that's real love.
<review# 782,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/11/2012,9/12/2012,103,128,6,10,5>I came here on a Monday afternoon.  The place was almost empty, which was expected in my opinion.  The decor was nice, very festive.  The restaurant was clean, including the bathroom.  I was greeted by Alberto the bartender, who was very friendly and made some good suggestions.  My friend Kathy, also a fellow yelper, joined me at the bar a few minutes later.  We had mojitos and sangria, both which were refreshing. I think the sangria full pitcher was $19 and it actually had alcohol in it, LoL.  We shared an order of chicken and an order of guava and cheese empanadas at $1.59 each order. They have a pretty large list of tapas for ridiculously cheap prices that range from $2-5 each.  For my meal, I chose the ropa vieja, which is my favorite, and at under $9, comon now!  It was tender, flavorful, and the rice and beans that accompanied it were delicious.  I pretty much finished my plate because it was so good! And the portion was definitely big enough for two.  My friend order pork which also looked delicious and was a generous portion.  There were other things on the menu which I will have to come back to try.  I would like to come back on a weekend to hear the Cuban band play.  Yes, I have been to other Cuban restaurants that I have also enjoyed.  But this place will do for when I want to stay close to home but still enjoy some drinks and yummy Cuban food!
<review# 783,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/13/2012,9/11/2012,107,211,,5,2>We came here for lunch on Sunday with some friends which gave us the opportunity to sample a good amount of the menu.  First off, the space itself is very nice.  The seats are comfy, the interior is clean and you can't beat the location.We just ordered a bunch of appetizers so here are the impressions of what we had.  The hummus was absolutely delicious - silky smooth perfection in a bowl.  I'm fairly certain we would have licked the bowl if we could have.  The falafel, kibbeh balls, and meat arrayes were great too.  They were cooked well and the meat in the arrayes and kibbeh balls was flavored well.  I didn't try the kibbe nayeh (raw beef), but my friends really enjoyed it and even took home the leftovers (after the servers warned us numerous times to make sure they either ate it right away or grilled it up).  On the lighter side we ordered the cucumber and yogurt salad and fattoush salad.  I'm not quite sure how you're supposed to eat the cucumber and yogurt salad since it's so liquidy but we just dipped the pita bread into it.  The fattoush was actually one of my favorite dishes.  The dressing wasn't heavy at all and the salad itself was filled with ripe tomatoes, peppers, cucumbers, and crispy pita chips on top.  My one complaint is about the pita bread.  They only gave us four slices so we ended up having to ask for more almost right away.  The pita bread itself is also very sad, basically the variety you could buy at any grocery store.  The food here deserves a better accompaniment.  Some fresh-baked or even just better quality pita bread would be a vast improvement.  Overall this is a great addition to the downtown.
<review# 784,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/4/2012,9/10/2012,165,81,4,7,5>This place is a blast from the past! The decor is old and quite bad, but after spending some time there - it turns from scarey to funny. Looking around you see all different types of things and it gives you something to do and talk about while you wait. (be prepared to point stuff out)They have a great big menu - if you are in the mood for pasta, this is a great place to be.  Very casual, laid back and inexpensive! The staff  is extremely accomidating, warm, and I love when they know their menu. They were so helpful in helping choose the perfect dishes for my sister and I. The food: OooooooooooMG!!! It's sooooo delicious - it's fresh, and delicious - and if it doesn't come with artichokes in it, just ask for it!! I love when resturants like cooking with artichokes. I had a lot of fun joking with the staff, I  enjoyed the food, the garlic knots are awesome! best part it's BYOB!huge portions - I had left overs for 2 days.FUSILLI VINCENZO grilled eggplant, zucchini, broccoli, peppers, mushrooms, tomatoes, onions and yellow squash sautéed in a light pink sauce$12.95Chicken REGGIOtopped with spinach, sliced tomato and mozzarella in a brown mushroom sauce $14.95STUFFED MUSHROOM CAPSstuffed with ground beef, parmigiana cheese, herbs and spices$6.95Go show the big red tomato some love!!!
<review# 785,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/11/2012,9/9/2012,182,493,4,4,4>A man's spot. "I really like this place" was uttered out of my mouth so many times the first time I went to Egan & Sons that my girlfriend finished my sentence on the fourth or fifth time.A man's spot. The floors are wood with brass wrapped around the bar. The menu reads old and current soccer players for their bar pies and the regular food sends a message of masculinity.  Everything about Egan & Sons had a vibe of a place that you and a few guys can come, eat a dinner, drink some beers while talking and not feel like an episode of Queer Eye for the Straight Guy.On my first night at Egan & Sons, a double date ensued with just some drinks, which were all reasonably priced and a crowd of 25-40 year olds. The second time I came was only a few days later for some dinner with some friends to which we actually ordered some food. We each ordered the Crispy Maple Buffalo Wings ($10), which were more sweet than spicy. The wings were meaty and the blue cheese dipping sauce was more ranch tasting than blue cheese. Either way, I enjoyed these wings and would order them again now knowing they are on the sweeter side. My friend ordered the Classic Burger ($10), which looked and from what I heard, was delicious. For only $10, the size of this burger is pretty large and in charge.I'm going to come back here for sure. I enjoyed the vibe I got from the late Saturday night crowd, but also the dinner menu will probably keep me wanting to order some bar food. Definitely a man's spot.
<review# 786,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/27/2012,9/8/2012,113,228,,6,3>I was in the mood for a good Mexican takeout lunch from a place that was not too far away from my office. Came across La Frontera via a Yelp search and then checked out their website. Immediately noticed their $6.95 lunch special and hurried to place my order because it was almost 3pm. I ordered the Steak Fajita lunch special which came with 3 warm tortillas, sliced grilled steak with peppers and onions, and sides of rice and pinto beans. The food was excellent. I ate everything. And the portions were large. The only thing that I wasn't too crazy about was the fact that they put corn kernels in their rice. I don't like corn. I would definitely order lunch again some time. Lunch Special runs from 11am - 3pm$6.95 includes your choice of meal and a free soda or water.  They do carry out and also delivery. There is a $15 minimum for delivery.
<review# 787,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/25/2012,9/7/2012,381,641,8,15,11>The widely heralded and much awarded younger brother of nearby The Manor, Highlawn Pavilion can be difficult to predict.  When "on," the atmosphere and food has the capacity to magically transport your taste buds to a new and exciting wonderland of flavors.  The subtle, layered complexities each become an accomplished canvas for mastery by a kitchen which is the equal to any in the NY Metro Area.   On a bad night, however rare, the food takes on some of the unpleasant attributes of catering fare-- perceivable precooking and prolonged storage, batch preparation and a much less soulful regard for product.  The Highlawn Pavillion is always packed to the rafters with anxious diners, reflecting a reputation that they richly deserve.  They don't always handle the peaks of demand in the kitchen as well as they should.Highlawn Pavillion is set in a very attractive historic building, and surrounded by Eagle Rock Reservation.  Your approach to the building is through a park-like area of manicured landscape, easily conjuring visions of Gatsby in the day.  Full height windows are the back wall, providing a breathtaking after dark panorama of Newark, Jersey City and Manhattan.  With the wrong seating, a crowded house can deny you the full majesty of this spectacular view.  Guests are expected to wear their "adult table" finery here.The menu hints at many of the fussy and pretentious preparations which so many expensive dining destinations struggle to credibly deliver; it is, however, uniquely creative on many of its dishes.  A wonderfully prepared entree of large, plump day boat scallops is served over squid ink (black) linguine, with a pleasant lobster accented sauce.  Topping the presentation was a reggiano-flavored "froth" (a personal peeve).  From a taste perspective, the entree was adequately complex, richly satisfying and enjoyable.  The portion size was adequate, and the plating and presentation shows that the kitchen is professional.  I would have preferred a bit of textural contrast, and identifiable cheese-- rather than a "froth."  Yes, I'm being nit-picky, but this is the level of scrutiny invited by a $34 entree.Service is old-school professional; attentive, cordial and unobtrusive.  They are trained and supervised well, and do work hard.  At this price strata the expectation of an ability to think-on-their-feet isn't unreasonable; instead, the service is more mechanical.  Communication skills are probably the greatest weakness here, being understood or understanding what is being said by the service staff is not something which should be assumed.In total, a very good dining destination on their bad days which has the capacity to be absolutely brilliant at their best.
<review# 788,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/7/2012,9/6/2012,189,210,9,14,8>Pondering what to make for dinner tonight?Are you thinking of just picking up a rotisserie chicken at your supermarket or heading over to Boston Market?Well let me introduce you to the Peruvian roasted chicken from Uncle Paulies.These rotisserie chickens are dazzling!  Succulent, moist and covered with the most delcious blend of Peruvian spices.  Like nothing you have ever tasted before.  The empanadas are delicious too.....a crispy, non greasy flour tortilla with a little pocket filled with perfectly spiced, diced chicken.  My only complaint was that there were not enough chicken.A Boston market  chicken is like boring vanilla....add a little spice and excitement to your life with a Peruvian pollo! Your taste buds will thank you.
<review# 789,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/7/2012,9/5/2012,103,492,,4,3>It's safe to say I've found a new place for brunch.I ordered the croque madame (basically a fancy sandwich with a fried egg, gruyere cheese and ham), which was so delicious. The egg was cooked perfectly, the cheese was all melty and there were two nice slabs of ham. It also came with a nice tin full of French fries (you have a choice between that and potatoes). I also got a (strong) iced coffee, which was refreshing. My parents and my cousins really enjoyed their meals, too... no complaints whatsoever.We ate in the back room and it had some really nice decor. It had a fancy feel, but you don't feel out of place when you're dressed in shorts, a t-shirt and flip flops. Nice and cool inside for a hot summer day. The seating outside looks really nice though... definitely gonna have to try that next time I go (because I'll be going back for sure).Additionally, we were seated right away (around 11:30am on a Saturday), the staff was friendly and attentive (our water was constantly refilled), the service was quick and the brunch menu prices were inexpensive for the most part.If you're looking for a new place to grab brunch in Hoboken, I highly recommend Elysian Cafe.
<review# 790,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/20/2012,9/4/2012,115,202,13,11,10>Save a horse, ride a Yelp Elite! No, just kidding, that was totally inappropriate.  And depending on your taste in music, or location, potentially pretty confusing, since you may or may not have any idea who Big & Rich are.  The whole reason I can even reference the song "Save a Horse, Ride a Cowboy" is a totally different story in and of itself, so in the interest of saving time we'll stick with what's actually important here.  And that's that this place freakin' rocks! Skeptical?  Sure, I was too.  Line-dancing...?  A mechanical bull?  I can't wear...what's that you just said?  I shouldn't wear HEELS?  Where are you taking me, exactly?! Fear and judge not.  The night I spent at this place was, in a word, AWESOME.  OK, ready? --Karaoke.  You "can sing" and other people "can sing."  What we DO know is that you'll both be doing it on a raised stage above the crowd!  JERSEY!  IT'S GOOD TO BE BACK!  --Mechnical bull rides!  And because nothing's ever free just like mama said, they're $5 a pop.  Accompanying tequila shot for courage sold seperately. --Three seperate rooms, three seperate bars! --Good bar food, as in the mozzarella sticks were served with a surprisingly delish marinara sauce.  --Clean bathroom, with plenty of stalls.  Who doesn't love THAT at a bar?--Serious line-dancing.  Like serious.  Like stay out of their way unless you're looking to get into a fight with someone rocking cowboy boots and a ten gallon hat.Some other little tidbits: $10 minimum on credit card purchases, on-site ATM, plenty of parking, mostly friendly staff. Now go watch Urban Cowboy on Netflix and get your booty over to the Colorado Cafe as fast as that horse will carry you!
<review# 791,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/19/2012,9/3/2012,19,318,,4,4>I've never been a regular, but most people know about Cool Beans, and I've occasionally visited throughout the years. I thought it would be the perfect place to bring my coffee spoiled friend visiting from out of town. They brewed a Kenya blend that day, and from what my friend told me, it was perfectly delicious. I enjoyed a strong, iced latte myself. So I impressed her, but we also had really nice time chatting & chilling in the artful, laid back environment this place has created for their customers.This is the kind of place that provides the quintessential coffee shop experience. It's what caffeine lovers want, with it's random & different design, unique artwork displays, comfy corners to study or hang with friends in, and most importantly, quality product to sip & enjoy.
<review# 792,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/31/2012,9/2/2012,142,248,2,4,3>Roger and I as always, still consider PeckPeck our favorite Korean Fried Chicken joint.We've been to quite a few now (reviews to come), some chain, some family operations, all unique in their own way, but this place stands out.  In a business where old fashioned family vibe is a norm, PeckPeck still stands out in friendly attentive service and good vibes.Over time, the consistency at PeckPeck has NEVER been off with us.  Not once.  We are always recognised, even on the phone now.We always get the same.  Soy garlic mixed 20 pieces.  It has become not only our Superbowl tradition, but a consistant instant favorite at ANY event we bring a tray to.  I've yet to introduce one person to Korean Chicken in general w PeckPeck and had a fail, just I stand "omg what do you mean its all gone?".I hope PeckPeck is here for many years to come.  Its everything you love about BonChon style chicken, but with personality you will NEVER get from a chain.  Truely worth a trip from all surrounding areas.
<review# 793,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/4/2012,9/1/2012,52,116,1,8,4>I can't believe I lived in Bloomie for 2 years, ate here more than 10 times, and never reviewed it!I'm sure 5 stars is a stretch- but hey, when you consider the sushi options in nearby Montclair, this place is heads and tails above the rest.  It deserves to be successful (and it seems to do great business even though I've never experienced a wait here and often was one of the only customers here).Fish is always fresh and delicious, cut well, these guys know their craft.  The owner is friendly and her kids are usually running around or doing their homework in the back.  Presentation is lovely, though impractical. They could dial that down a little, in my opinion.I don't eat tempura rolls, which limits my options somewhat, but there's this Spicy girl roll with peanuts and mango that is sooooo good, never had anything like it before. Everything I've had there I've loved, including the sashimi and apps.If you live in the area, or find yourself near exit 148 on the GSP, it is totally worth a stop.
<review# 794,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/12/2012,8/31/2012,264,337,5,8,7>Have been here a few times for various occasions and have always been happy with the meal. Came here for lunch awhile back with coworkers and the food was delicious and cheap!  Gotta love the tactics to bring in the senior citizens with cheap food.  Not that I'm complaining.  :)Next trip I came here for a christening dinner and everything was also very good.  Finally came here a week ago and sat at the bar with a friend.  Started off with some wine and then moved on to appetizers and things to pick on. Started with the fennel and grapefruit salad and I enjoy it every time.  I'm a sucker for fennel and this was perfect for my taste buds.  There wasn't as much flavor as I would have liked but it was still nice and refreshing.  Then we ordered the stuffed zucchini and fell in love with it.  Long zucchini gutted and stuffed with seasonings, mozz, and prosciutto...and probably a few other things.  Lightly cooked and possibly fried but then covered in a yummy marinara sauce.  I could have ordered 3 and ate them all myself.  Also ordered the kobe sliders and they too were pretty damn delicious.  3 decent sized sliders and a nice sauce to go with them. It was quiet on a Thursday according to everyone that was there.  I liked it that way though.So yeah..if you're looking for a nice place to get some food or grab a drink and don't mind the older crowd, stop on by!
<review# 795,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/4/2012,8/30/2012,151,162,6,8,4>Yakitori San Kyu is one of the most authentic Japanese restaurants in the tri-state area. With that said, Yakitori 39 has to be taken with a fat grain of salt, especially if you arrive on a busy night.I'd say about 80% of the clientele was Japanese when we went and they were mostly businessmen who just got out of work and were ready to drink, drink, drink. This can lead to a boisterous atmosphere, which is fun if you're looking to be inebriated in a loud place OR crappy if you're trying to silently enjoy your yakitori while a bunch of drunk Japanese guys are going, "EHHHHHHHHH MAJI DE, EHHHHHHH MAJI DE MUAHAHAH" every two seconds behind you.Or if they're speaking kansai ben, "HON MAAAA? HON MA??" It depends on you and the company you're with. Families be warned.Anyway, I love food that comes on skewers so I'm always happy to eat yakitori. Even the weird parts. We had heart, clavicle, liver without a blink of the eye besides the traditional chicken parts. The chicken tasted juicy and succulent and I preferred my grilled meat with just salt.The Nagoya-special chicken wings are also super tasty.The downside of this authentic place is that it takes a long time (I mean LONG) for the orders to come out. Looking around, I saw most of the customers waiting for their food still and my gut instinct is that the old Japanese businessmen seemed to get top priority of their food first. Which I could understand.Except I was really, really hungry and so were all the other the patrons around me so everyone was getting really, really drunk.The food wasn't coming out fast enough for my one friend who seemed to miss the subtlety that yakitori 39 is NOT a place where you're going to leave unbuckling your belt a notch because we're doing tapas-style ordering. Come here for authentic flavors and ambiance but don't expect to leave round-belly unless you pay the $$$$. Also have lots of patience.
<review# 796,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/19/2012,8/29/2012,168,267,8,4,4>Now let me start this out by making one thing clear: I normally wouldn't be caught dead in hoboken.  I have a little more self respect than that.Yet this place is a diamond in the rough.Getting to Maxwell's is a pain.  You either have to walk about a dozen blocks through the disgusting gutter of humanity that is hoboken, or spring for a cab if you can find one (you can't just hail one on the street like we're all used to...suburbs, people!  scary!).  But then you get there, go inside, and it's worth the trip...and it's far enough north and east that it's actually in a decent neighborhood.This place has a lot of shows you might not expect at such a small venue.  Go see one, it's fun, and intimate.  The service is great, all the bartenders have been very nice...you'll meet some fun people who have come in from everywhere to go.  They have a decent bar, and make a good drink...And the layout is such that there's an intimate bit to talk to your friends if you don't feel like being too social.So yes, getting there is the only bad thing about this place.  I wish it were in manhattan or jersey city, but I'll suck it up and go, because it's worth it.  To the point of this conversation, which I've had many times:"So I'm going to hoboken tonight""Ugh, I'm sorry, why do you have to go there?""Nope, it's a show at maxwell's""Oh, neat, want company?"
<review# 797,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/16/2012,8/28/2012,849,201,5,9,7>This place is crazy packed with something you're gonna want for your home. Unique furniture you probably never even thought of but you would be doing yourself an injustice to not have - and who doesn't want to be the envy of all their friends? You can barely walk through if other people are here, or even if there aren't, but it's really worth the elbow bumping (just don't knock anything over!) even to just see what Jerry has in store for you. I almost felt like I was in a museum. I once fell in love with a desk here. Beautiful, beautiful desk. And at a pretty good price too. I made the mistake of thinking it would be there the next time I stopped by... *wipes tear*You can't miss this place because it's right on the corner and they always have pieces out on the sidewalk to pull you in. And a rack of clothes/coats. They have really amazing furniture (like for your living room, or show room - you know, that room rich folks have that they don't actually use, it's just there to look at and go, "Ooooh."I'm afraid to go in here again without being prepared to buy something; I just can't take the heartbreak...but I'll be back...oh, I handled some business here for the favorita once while she was at work - the people working here are really helpful and nice, and possibly willing to cut a little bit of a deal for you as well, depending on what you're buying.
<review# 798,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/18/2012,8/27/2012,94,105,4,10,7>Because I am from the Elmora area in Elizabeth I know what a good bagel is.  I grew up right living within walking distance from Elmora Bagels (RIP).  I don't know if I will ever give another bagel 5 stars.I have tasted them all!  Been to all parts of Jersey in search of the best bagel. In fact I am highly considering starting a thread that will illustrate via blog my next "Bagel Crawl".  Union Hot Bagels has some good bagels.  They are not the ol' roll with a hole.  They are fresh, chewy, and have tons of power behind their Garlic bagels.  They use a whipped cream cheese on their bagel sandwiches which I love! They are located right on Morris Ave in Union.  The storefront is right next to the Lowes mini-mall and just off the GSP.  If you are traveling and on the GSP you can safely exit off to get a bagel with quick easy access getting right back on.There is a lot to the side of the small complex where the shop is located and a handfull of street spots in front.  I recommend trying to get in the lot.  Morris Ave is very busy and street parking can be dangerous!
<review# 799,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/11/2012,8/26/2012,143,445,3,9,4>Came here for a post late lunch early pre-dinner snack on a Sunday.We sat at the bar, it was about 40% full didn't have a problem finding a seat. There were 3 bar tenders, they were never to busy to stop and help us with anything. We were able to taste a few wines before ordering one, which is helpful if you have never tasted a certain wine before. We ordered the 3 Bruschetta, Walnut, Gorgonzola & honey, rich and sweet, perfect umami; Prosciutto, mozz, capers, the mozz was a little dry, but I wouldn't expect them to use the best mozzarella for this; Goat cheese &  Caramelized onions...yes.We sat for a while just to take in the ambiance, it's comfortable, you don't feel like you are in a big annoying shopping complex, it's relaxing. It's cool to watch the cheese/meat guy slice slabs of prosciutto, capicola, and soppresata, you don't usually get to see that at other restaurants. Spuntino is the perfect place to eat when you're not hungry, an indulgence, where you just want to taste rich cheese and strong wine before you go home for the night.We were satisfied with everything here, and we will be back for an extended meal. This place is pretty unique, compared to most of the pseudo-italian places that dot every corner in Bergen & Passaic counties. Don't be deterred by the bad reviews, try it for yourself.
<review# 800,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/25/2012,8/24/2012,137,143,4,5,5>Four wordsThai lemon iced tea.One of the most amazing refreshing sweet iced teas ever created.From ts unique red hue, to it's phenomenal complex lemon tea flavor. It's truly the perfect thirst quencher during the summer or drink or anytime during the year for that matter.It's a mix of Malay Thai and Chinese influence.The Malay and Thai has hints of indian influence throughout the menu from the delish roti  to many of the great curry dishes.Don't let it's location in Lodi fool you. This is a quite authentic restaurant.They make an amazing bowl of wonton soup. Nothing like your typical run of the mill Chinese wonton. These wontons are made with a delicate wrap filled w a savory mix of pork and shrimp.The chicken and beef satay are always my go to app. They are grilled over flame to perfection. With the right amount of char and the perfect juiciness.The peanut sauce is the perfect dip for this delish finger food on sticks which also comes with some cucumber and onion which is perfect for the dip as well.They have some great choices for main courses, from seafood to beef to chicken.If you enjoy Cantonese style ginger and scallion dishes, try the beef or chicken sizzling with ginger scallion sauce or their crispy fish w ginger scallions.For a phenomenal beef dish which is fall off the one tender slow cooked goodness you MUST TRY tthe beef rendang house special.The interior is super sexy and loungey as well. Once ou walk in ou will fell as of you have been transported to NYC.All in all a great Asian eatery with great prices to match.
<review# 801,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/7/2012,8/23/2012,137,175,6,7,7>It's Cinco de Mayo, we need to celebrate and eat Mexican. We go to a place in Hackensack (can't remember the name) but they were using the parking lot for a party, there was NO street parking.We wind up in Chit Chat figuring they always have nice, eclectic specials. We go, sit, open the menu "HAPPY CINCO DE MAYO", I knew CC would come through, so many things we wanted to eat but we both decided on getting the carnitas and am i glad we did. A huge plate with a mountain of pulled pork (pernil), yellow rice, 3 tortillas, pico de gayo, refried beans and sour cream....like an animal i tore into this dish. A tortilla pilled with some refried beans, some meat, pico de gayo, some rice and some sour cream.........OMG i was a happy boy.Then the waitress says, would you like some salsa.....HELL YEAH I WOULD!!!, she brought it right over in a little bowl.Then the inevitable happened, the ratios were off, my high was becoming a low. i had too much filling left and only one tortilla left. The waitress, as if she read my mind swoops in and says "can i get you some more tortillas?" as a tear trickled down my cheek i said, "yes please!" It was back on, i made a pig of the highest proportions out of myself and you know what? I could care less, i was enjoying my food. My wife ate about 1/4 of her plate, not to worry, we took it home and I ate it the next night.Oh what a night!!!!
<review# 802,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/5/2012,8/22/2012,130,375,5,8,5>On a hot day like today, nothing hits the spot better than ice cold noodles.  But I'm not talking about naengmyun, the traditional korean buckwheat noodles.  No, I'm referring to the amazing and refreshing, ice cold kimchi mari somen that is served here.  One of the best cold dishes I've evar had.  The cold broth is simply water, ice, sesame oil, vinegar, and chopped up kimchi.  Their kimchi is incredible, btw.  The broth tasted better than any gazpacho I've had.  Toss in chopped up cucumbers, carrots, a big fat sliver of surimi, and a boiled egg for an awesome cold noodle lunch.  And the somen (rice noodles) was not overcooked.  Also, their banchan spread was really tasty, albeit limited in variety.  Fantastic kimchi and cucumber kimchi, stir-fried anchovies, and marinated boiled potatoes.  Just a great lunch.
<review# 803,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/20/2012,8/21/2012,933,557,10,11,9>Part liquor store, part deli. Odd? Not at all! I think meat and liquor go hand-in-hand.  The mound of meat on every sandwich is undeniably generous, to say the least. Prices are a bargain. Good luck finishing any of their sandwiches in one sitting. I've always had to break mine up into two or three meals, and surprisingly, regardless of the moisture of the meats and fillings, the sandwich still holds up and still tastes great even hours later. Sloppy, messy, and wet, just like it was when you first got it!I've had the hot pastrami, Reuben-style with Russian dressing and slaw. It was tasty and full of flavor, but it wasn't amazing. I'm not certain if it was the Russian dressing, or the slaw, or the amount of slaw (grossly lacking in ratio to the mound of meat), or the way the pastrami was seasoned, but I just didn't love it. I enjoyed it a lot and I will indeed buy it again, but when I'm hankering for pastrami, I can't say their version of a Reuben is the one I crave for. Still, it's a good quality sandwich and you really can't beat the price. That hunky sandwich came out to eight bucks!I've also had the roast beef, smothered in gravy and cooked onions, by request. The meat was juicy and even more generous in quantity than the Reuben, but it was slightly bland for me. This may be a statement directed more towards the gravy than the roast beef, which shined in its natural flavors and juices. This was another sandwich I thoroughly enjoyed, but didn't love. The service is courteous.The staff is helpful when assisting us in designing a sandwich.The business takes credit cards!Yay! I'm a fan!
<review# 804,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/28/2012,8/20/2012,149,86,12,14,13>This place just expanded their venue to offer a better dining environment. While they kept the original counter and tables area pretty much the same, they enlarged their kitchen area for more cooking surfaces (think Diner Dash) and added a bigger dining area which seems to have waitstaff.This time, I had the Lamb Gyro Platter which had the same components as the Mixed Gyro Platter minus the chicken. It was just as delicious and fed 3 people. The rice portion seemed to have a lot less carrot than before but was still fine. I also tried their Sambosa appetizer (5 fried Afghan dumplings with ground beef, onions, garlic, and seasoning served with yogurt). Tasty! Their falafel was okay (a little bland and a bit too mushy in consistency) but their Qurma Kadoo (pumpkin side dish) was a delightful combination of sweetness and spiciness. It reminded me of a more interesting version of mashed sweet potatoes. While the Baklava could have used more filo/filling layers, the Ferni (rosewater and cardamom dairy-based pudding) was off-the-chain-delicious. It was the perfect combination of refreshment and comfort- perfect for summertime. I couldn't stop eating it. These high points keep Kabab Paradise on my mind.
<review# 805,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/12/2012,8/19/2012,37,37,4,8,5>Came here 2 wks with my bf after getting my citizenship (woohoo). Really like the interior, clean and simple AND the fish tank they have is same as the one I have at home! Lol.It was around 2:30-3:00 so we were the only ones. A young girl was our waitress and I think the only one working at the time cuz I did not remember seeing anyone. She was very friendly and unlike most places i've been to, she was visible the entire meal. Their jasmine tea smelled SO good. They are not cheap with their utensils; non-disposable FTW!Now on to the food. We ordered the Vietnamese egg rolls to share. Fried perfectly crispy and they are the biggest I've ever eaten I believe. I also ordered #2 for myself and my bf got beef with rice( forgot what it's called). Yes, the pho was a little sweet for my liking but it was cooked perfectly so I'll forgive them. All the ingredients were fresh and I rly mean FRESH! No dead cilantro leaves, no dried out jalapeño peppers or bean sprouts. I was very impressed. Total came out to be around $25 if I remember correctly.I would DEFINITELY go again if Im ever in the area too bad I live far away :/
<review# 806,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/10/2012,8/18/2012,50,100,3,5,4>Pure awesomeness!  After a Saturday night of partying, this is the perfect breakfast/lunch/dinner place at around 1-2pm when you wake up. The place gets packed on Sundays though, so allot a good 1-2hrs to eat. When you first sit down, they give you pandebono (a warm bread with cheese baked into it..the best). For some reason we also get the same server. His english is not great, but he's always making jokes and is on point with orders.  I get the same thing everytime I go...a strawberry shake made with water, side salad, beans, and an arepa con queso (a corn bread with cheese on top). I've also had the mango and mora (blackberry) shakes with milk...yum!  Bandeja paisa (they have a Mini Paisa too) is usually what my friends get. It comes with everything!  Red beans cooked, white rice, ground meat, pork rind, fried eggs, plantains, sausage, arepa, hogao sauce, black pudding, and avocado. Too much for me, but the perfect hangover food. The restaurant also sells packaged foods from Colombia.  The prices are really reasonable. We are usually 4 people and never go over $100. Enjoy! =)
<review# 807,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/12/2012,8/17/2012,1162,532,5,10,6>I really, really like this place.  Went here around 6:30 on a Saturday night and we were only the second table there, however the crowd picked up by the time we left around 8:00.Overall, a great experience.  As for the food, we started off with the crispy lasooni gobi (fried cauliflower), which had awesome flavor and spice.  Highly recommended. For dinner, we ordered the kadai chicken and the dal gosht (lamb served with lentils).  Both dishes were excellent, but they were served in a bowl and the chunks of chicken and lamb were not exactly bite size.  I suppose this was okay since the entree was served with a side of basmati rice, which came to the rescue in toning down the level of spice in the entrees.  That said, our waiter asked us while taking our order whether we wanted our entrees mild, medium, medium-spicy or spicy.  I went with medium spicy on the kadai chicken, which should be sufficient for the average pallet.  They also run a long happy hour special every day so it was nice to get a $2 discount on the $10, 22 oz bottle of Taj Mahal.As for service, our waiter was very friendly, patient and knowledgeable of the menu.  He recommended the cauliflower appetizer as well as the dal gosht.  At the end of the service, he brought us over comment cards with the bill.  At first, I wasn't sure what to think of this since one of the questions asked us to rate the service (obviously the waiter would be able to see the rating if he/she wanted to and discard the comment cards that rated the service poorly).  On the other hand, the comment card asked for the customer's feedback on what the restaurant does well and what it could do better.  Once I saw those questions, I thought the comment card was a good idea from a management/ownership standpoint because to me, the card demonstrates a willingness to accept criticism, learn from the customers and adapt accordingly.So, what did I not like about the place? The menu is huge, so much that I would say it's overwhelming.  They're trying to do too much, which made me question the freshness of ingredients, especially when I walked in at 6:30 on a Saturday night and there was only one other table in the restaurant.  I'm also skeptical of restaurants who put pictures of their food in the menu, but this place was able to get away with it.  Lastly (and this is a very minor point), I wish there were more art work.  The ambience is really nice and I like the way their booths are set up, but once you get in the booth you're sitting next to a plain brown wall.Overall, I really want to give this place five stars, but I think it needs to do a couple of things before I can make that leap.  If Raaz sized down the chunks of meat in its entrees, improved the ambience and downsized its menu, I would say this place is 'as good as it gets.'
<review# 808,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/29/2012,8/16/2012,151,128,6,6,5>I've been to this place a few times. Most of them before Yelp so I couldn't brag about how awesome this place is. Located in the Paulus Hook section of JC, Amelia's provides inside and outside seating. Being that the weather was hot and disgusting we opted for the AC inside. I try to order something new every time I'm here but its really hard when you look at the menu and you see something you've had that knock your socks off. This case they had the braised short ribs on the menu which I had maybe a year ago and still think about them as one of the best meals I've ever had.That said my wife encourages me to get something different so I go with the grilled orange tuna with fried noodles. Holy s***! Not only was this best tuna dish I've ever had this may well be the best fish meal I've ever eaten. Ever! The tuna was cooked perfectly with a nice reddish center. I reluctantly shared some with my wife and cried alittle inside as I handed a piece over to her plate. That's how good.I always have a good time when I'm here weather it just two of us or a group. The place is very comfortable to hang out in with plenty of space around you so your not sitting on top of each other. The wait staff is super friendly and helpful. I also love the neighborhood this place is in as well. Basically the five stars is exactly as it states. As good as it gets.
<review# 809,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/1/2012,8/15/2012,104,139,4,8,6>Let's be honest, you aren't coming here for a gourmet pizza extravaganza. But I still think Benny Tudino's is a must see experience.  Here's why.1. You will get the largest slice of pizza you have ever seen.  The restaurant even has photos posted of babies next to a slice of pizza, which are about the same size. 2. Quality.  Other posts say that this isn't the best pizza ever, and they're right.  It isn't.  But it also isn't the worst pizza ever.  It's average pizza.  Real crust, real cheese, and baked right in front of you in a pizza oven.  Believe me, I've had the 99 cents a slice pizza in NYC which is really horrible (cardboard crust and fake cheese), but this is the real stuff.  If you don't mind a plain slice, come on in. 3. Entertainment.  I highly recommend you come here sober and just watch as the bar bound crowds pour in.  That, in itself, is worth the price of admission.4. Timing.  I stopped in around 11pm on a Saturday night.  Believe it or not, a lot of restaurants in NYC and Hoboken were closing shop already and were catering to the bar bound crowds.  We weren't too hungry and just wanted a bite to eat to hold us over for a bit, and Benny Tudino's was open and we were quickly served.  Self-seating made it even better.My reco: give it a try.
<review# 810,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/14/2012,8/14/2012,395,537,2,7,4>I'm a fan. Delivery is usually punctual and I like that its' family owned. Prices are reasonable and portions are big - especially of the pastas, sandwiches or giant calzones. Surprisingly, I actually haven't tried their pizza yet!I've tried the Cavetelli Verde pasta dish - sausage, broccoli rabe and roasted garlic. Be warned that their roasted garlic doesn't taste roasted at all, but raw, and comes in gigantic pieces in your pasta dish. I had to pick them all out and I think that completely ruins the flavor - no one wants giant pieces of garlic in their food! But their sausage is absolutely delicious. Really makes the dish.Their Calzones are huge and are full, and I mean full, of ricotta and melted cheese. Pepperoni Rolls are also amazing.I would skip the soups - all of the orzo in my Chicken Orzo were stuck together in clumps, and my husbands' Pasta Fagioli was really oily and over-killed with beans.Side salads that come with pasta or entrees are fresh, and the dressing is good.Going to start ordering their Pizza next!
<review# 811,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/7/2011,8/12/2012,277,585,8,7,6>Hero King is a great little hole-in-the-wall. A hidden gem. It's also my new "go-to" spot for lunch. HK is a Mom & Pop shop that's famous for selling delicious and fresh sandwiches and salads. For the past few years, I've been working in the downtown Newark area and I've heard the name "Hero King" being tossed around a few times before. And oftentimes, its followed by the words "great subs", "delicious", "crowded"...etc. So I had to check this place out. I called ahead to avoid waiting in line and ordered the "mini" tuna fish sandwich. I walked in and the Hero King shop looks...err...umm...ok. It's not the best looking place but I was more concerned with the quality of the food. Luckily for me, it wasn't crowded at all. And the sandwich ingredients looked fresh. My tuna "sammy" was ready and I paid an unbelievable price of $3.80. "Whatttt???!!!" Great price!I walked briskly back to the employee lunch room and couldn't help but look at the size of my sammy. A mini??? A "mini" this was NOT. This was indeed false advertising.  How dare they fool me into thinking that I was getting a "mini" sammy, charge me a great price and give me a six inch sub instead? What cruel business would give me MORE for my $$$? Somebody call John Stossel. Well at Hero King, a "mini" sub is six inches, a "half" is 12 inches and I believe they have a larger size but I forget :-(. Anyhoo, HK surely beats any chain sandwich restaurant when it comes to size, price and quality. And might I add, my tuna sammy was "Yummy-licious!". I hope I get to work at Newark (soon) so I can order another delicious, fresh, "more bang for your buck" Hero King sandwich.
<review# 812,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/22/2012,8/11/2012,236,245,5,8,4>My husband and I enjoyed a lovely walk to Hopscotch from our condo in Harsimus Cove, but that was only the beginning of a great experience.At 7 pm on a Saturday night, it was not too crowded (they're still in soft opening mode!) so we had our choice of seating.  We were offered seating in the booth area in the back, scotch tasting lounge, by the bar, or within the regular dining area.  I chose a high two-top in the dining area where we could take it all in.  This place is gorgeously appointed and seriously SPACIOUS!  There's even a private area where you could have a table of 12 or so in a little alcove with a TV.  So much potential for watching games and other events - the Olympics?!! - while enjoying gastropub-style food and excellent drinks.Our waiter, Philip, was kind, attentive, and very informative.  He and my husband nerded out over craft beer talk while I asked him questions about the food.  He noticed that I wasn't drinking and very kindly asked me if I'd like something other than beer, but I was fine with water.  :) As my husband explored the beer menu, he brought samples of 2 or 3 different brews for him to try.  Food was the type of stick-to-your-ribs German/Belgian-inspired fare that you might expect at a gastropub.  Not exactly for those watching their figure, but if you come with a group, you'll definitely want to try a nibble or three on some of this delicious food!  We had the German bun dumplings, which were kind of like a disk of spaetzle, pan-fried to perfection with tiny bits of bacon and braised pickled red cabbage on top, with a dot of coarse-grain mustard.  YUM!!!  Also, we got the oven-dried tomato grilled cheese (with pesto, lightly smoked brie, and arugula).  It was HUGE and anything but "dry", despite the name.  It was a "fork and knife" kinda grilled cheese, with the smokiness of the cheese and bitiness of the arugula coming through in spades.  Another YUM!Onion rings were superfluous but my husband still ate them like they were going out of style.A great experience!!!!   Oh yeah, the beers.  Check another review for those! ;)
<review# 813,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/3/2012,8/10/2012,1455,389,28,16,12>CAKE BOSS - a very fitting review for the day after my 27th birthday.Regardless of the TV show and the associated fame, I've never had a better slice of cake.  Ah, Italian things & baked goods - two things Jersey does exceptionally well.Do you like to wait in long lines?  Well, if you want in and aren't a Hobokener then I suggest you get comfortable with the idea.  People line up pretty early too - I've seen visitors stuffing their face with a 9am cupcake right outside the store.Since my GF moved to Hoboken a few years ago I've had the pleasure of consuming Carlo's cake for my last few birthdays - as have my dad and brother.  Kicks the ass of an ice cream cake any day of the week.Plus I get to say "I got a cake from Cake Boss for my birthday."  Relatives from out of state are very impressed by this feat.  I recommend the circle cake with blue fondant and a chocolate bow tie on top.  This, in my cake-consuming opinion, is the crème de la crème of sugar carb fatty delicious circles.This year - I got two cakes.  My fondant favorite and an Oreo topped chocolate monstrosity.Tonight's menu - salad, water, cake, cake, and 17 hours at the gym tomorrow.
<review# 814,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/2/2012,8/9/2012,39,4,6,8,7>Mmmm... Steak!!Ok- So all of my reviews have been 4+ stars... Trust me- there are places I would like to write a horrible review, but my time is precious so I am only making an effort if they impress me.Well once again Edward's Steak House put on a great show!! Hudson Restaurant Week is AMAZING but it also puts a restaurant and its staff to the test. Being an "Industry" worker I know the four course menu at a discounted price can be a pain in the butt and service could fail miserably, but that's not the case here. Our server, Paul, was ON POINT!!!  I go out all the time... Testing and critiquing service is one of my favorite things to do. Paul rolled with the punches and continued to impress me! Thanks Buddy- You really made my night!Now to the food: Oh sweet, sweet Porterhouse. You make me giggle with happiness!!! I thought Edward's was a little too pricey for a regular visit from me but after last night I will be a regular. My P.I.C. and I enjoyed the Hudson Restaurant Week Dinner for Two. What a GREAT DEAL!! $95 - (2) Salads (2) Appetizers (1) 32oz MONSTER of a Steak and (2) Desserts- You can't go wrong... I was still full this morning. Check out their website, I discovered they have a regular, very reasonably priced, prix-fixe menu!First Course: We started with the Watermelon Salad with red onion fresh mint, feta cheese & walnuts and the House Salad with baby greens, cucumber, red onion with sherry shallot vinaigrette. The house salad was good but I really enjoyed the watermelon salad. The watermelon pieces were nice and cold and paired well with the feta and mint. It also left a delicious salad dressing mix that I had to sop up with my dinner roll. Second Course: Baked Clams with bread crumb stuffing and the Prince Edward Island Mussels with fennel, tomato, & anisette. The mussels were plump and delicious--"UM- ANOTHER DINNER ROLL PLEASE!! I must enjoy every drop of this sauce!"Third Course: We shared the 32oz Porterhouse. It was a perfect rare! Let me repeat... PERFECT RARE!! It was served with mashed potatoes and creamed spinach. The potatoes were a little too creamy for my taste but I loved the creamed spinach. They pre-cut the large steak for the convenience of sharing and they served it with the bone on the plate. It took every ounce of energy to fight my Korean instincts to pick up the bone and start chewing! I guess we are in a nice restaurant and I have to act like an adult :(  But it was tempting...  Dessert... My favorite part! I enjoyed the Ice Box Cake with a decaf cappuccino and P.I.C. had the Crème Brule with an espresso. We were already stuffed by this point but the deserts were so good we forced our way to the end!!! The Ice Box cake was the perfect light ending to a filling dinner. The layers of whipped cream, cookie crumbles, and fudge melted in my mouth and went beautifully with the cappuccino.I'll be back for the 32oz Porterhouse... I'M ADDICTED!
<review# 815,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/26/2012,8/8/2012,188,267,4,7,6>This is a wonderful little space across from Target/behind the Morton Williams shopping area. From the Target lot, you'd barely know it was there. I'm a little hesitant to mention it myself because I don't want it overrun by annoying hoards of idiots, but hey, some of you might not fall into that category.There is a playground for the kids with big sprinklers, a grassy lawn, and a man-made "beach" which is super small, but gets the job done. It is adjacent to the Riverwalk and a five-minute walk from the Newport PATH/light rail stations, so it's easily accessible for all.I went yesterday afternoon and the "beach" area was barely occupied, so I parked myself under an umbrella, opened a book, and took in the awesome view of the Hudson and the city.I assume if there are strict rules about pets, that there must be strict rules about alcohol, but if someone can clarify that, it would be much appreciated.
<review# 816,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/22/2012,8/7/2012,25,298,4,10,10>Even though I am new on the street of macarons, I know quality and great customer service when I see it.  I visited two shops with great reviews on yelp.  My first stop was Asalt & Buttery.  I walked it and was immediately greeted by two girls behind the counter with warm smiles.I explained that I was new to macarons and wanted to try each flavour.  She quickly grabbed a box, and started placing them inside, and asked if I wanted the full dozen. I surely wanted to bring some for everyone to try.  When checking out, the woman behind the counter made sure to give me their business card.  They also mentioned how I could place an order for pickup or if I had any questions.  Definitely made me feel welcome and that they value customers, new and repeat customers. (Not to mention a private parking lot is always key for convenience of your customers - bonus star for that one!!)Once I got home, I couldn't wait to try one from each bakery.  There was just something about the macaron from Asalt & Buttery that set them apart from the other shop that would definitely make me chose them any day :)Each macaron I sampled from Asalt & Buttery melted in my mouth and made my tongue cry out with joy!!  Even though they only had 6 flavors available at the time I went (around lunchtime because the others had sold out already and they were currently in the process in getting more available), each one I tried was absolutely amazing.  Rose was amazing.  The Lemon tasted just like a Lemon Bar (one of my favs!) and the Blood Orange was tantalizing.I have already given out recommendations to a few friends and to my friend who deals with high end clients on a regular basis.  I will continue to spreading the word until every last person I know has been told about this bakery and has tried their macarons at least once. Five stars from me!! (What a pleasure to make my 200th review a FIVE STAR one!)
<review# 817,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/14/2012,8/6/2012,538,237,5,5,4>Stopped by today in a nod to BD.  I had a coffee eclair and iced coffee and grabbed some macarons to go for my daughter.  Luckily, she likes to share.  The macarons are excellent:Lavender HoneyStrawberryGreen Tea JasmineChocolate HazelnutRhubarb HibiscusLemonBlood OrangeRoseThus far, green tea jasmine and rose are tied for favorite.  Extra points for whomever hired all teenage girls from France to work there.  It almost had that "I'm in a foreign country and can't speak the language" awkwardness, but in a cute way.  I also picked up some excellent honey candies and rose flavored mints.
<review# 818,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/5/2012,8/5/2012,203,53,4,9,7>You know how people always bash Jersey and other Manhattan suburb? Well that's because they haven't gotten their butts out of their tiny box to discover hidden gems. Such as this restaurant. Wow. I came here for lunch with my girl and her parents and we sat outside on this glorious sunny spring day. I had read and heard some great reviews of this place and so I had to check it out to taste what all the fuss was about. Boy was I not disappointed. I consider myself to be a foodie, having spent a lot of money on meals in the past, on all spectrums, from pub fare to Thomas Keller. This brunch (served every day except Monday as they are closed) from 11-4 was amazing. We had four different dishes: I had the BEST French toast, the eggs and toast in a small cast iron skillet were perfect, the huevos rancheros were perfectly and simply prepared in an iron skillet and last but not least an omelet, again cooked perfectly. Between the delicious food and the incredibly friendly staff, we left praising our  brunch experience. Finally jersey city residents won't have to schlep 45 minutes to go to the upper west side to get a great brunch.  Marco & Pepe is now in my top 5 best brunch spots in and around NYC
<review# 819,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/27/2012,8/4/2012,11,88,2,5,4>My favorite restaurant in JC.  Delicious food, warm ambiance, and great fun. I'm a bit worried to give this place 5 stars as it might fill this crowded place up even more, but they are worth it.The space is small, it probably can't seat more than 25 in a space about the size of a large NYC bedroom.  But it's nothing to complain about, as they really go the extra mile to make this place feel like you've walked into a Parisian cafe.  Dark, warm mood lighting sets the scene.  Everyone always seems happy.NOTE: This place is BYOB, so bring your favorite wine!The food is spectacular, with new specials every time I've gone.  Pork chop and fish and cous cous meals felt homemade.  The expected french appetizers like French Onion Soup and Escargot are created in a way that's out of this world.Expect a bit of a wait on crowded nights (which seems like every night).  One server usually runs the room, but every single one I've met is so jovial and welcoming. Madame Claude herself is also usually in view and livens up the room with her smile and personality.Thursdays has a fantastic Gypsy Jazz night with a small band absolutely killing it.  It's so much fun, but MAKE RESERVATIONS well in advance if you want to come on a Thursday.  Honestly, you're best bet is to call a week or two in advance anyway.  I've been here multiple times with groups from 4 to 10 and we would never have been able to get a seat without a reservation.  I've seen a few 2-person walk-ins get seated after a lengthy wait, so be prepared.Any small negative are nothing worth bringing down this 5 star review.  Run, don't walk to this little piece of France in downtown JC.
<review# 820,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/19/2012,8/3/2012,216,136,8,6,6>YAYYYYY Finally some good drunk food in Jersey City!! All the times I come home after a night of YOLO-ing, I crave a delish slice to soak up the booze and sober me up. However I can never find a worthwhile spot on my walk home down Newark Ave. that is open late! (aside from the gross delis that have salami sitting there since President's Day circa 2009). This place is open till 3am and that is a beautiful thing...Tried a slice of The Newman & Mr. Pink -- yummy yummy in my tummy! Really interesting flavor combinations, clever pizza names, awesome 60's diner ambiance, and the staff was cool as shit! One thing though, is you have to be in the mood for something different. This isn't a spot you go to for a pepperoni or mushroom slice. Also, the chocolate chip cookies that are on the counter are delicious. My boyfriend has a serious sweet tooth and bought 10 and said they were the best in town. Now those were "Made with Love" for sure!
<review# 821,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/7/2012,8/2/2012,451,412,5,8,7>Fascino is fabulous.  I have only been here once, but I still dream about their ricotta gnocchi.  Light, fluffy, and smothered in a delicious meat sauce.  Everyone in my party loved Fascino.  I was, however, so into my gnocchi that I can't remember what other dishes they had.  Guess I have to go back to do some more taste testing.  Make a reservation to guarantee a seat.  The setting is dark and intimate thus perfect for a date.  BYOB to guarantee some bow chicka wow wow time.  This food is definitely delicious and romantic.
<review# 822,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/10/2012,8/1/2012,69,155,7,8,6>I agree with all the fellow yelpers... This place is vintage Polynesian restaurant. I've never been to one of these before... but I am delighted that I ventured out here. First. Of course. Food. Again, I would agree with everyone ... it's similar to Chinese take out. (But one step better) Why? It seems fresh and the portions are surprisingly large. Their egg roll ??? HOLY ROLLY!!! That is one huge freshly fried egg roll. Their wonton soup was delicious. Tried some of their Chinese dishes. I tried their family dinner. Soup, appetizer,  entrees (depending on the size of party varies), and dessert. Honestly... it was TOO MUCH FOOD. And with a drink each it came to about $30/person. For Chinese food, I think it was a bit pricey. BUT... the drinks were about $7-9 each. I know... they are a bit pricey. But they really pack a punch. If you like the favor of RUM go for the zombie. For those who can't hold your alcohol well... the love potion was light and banana-y. I think one drink is enough for a calm dinner... now... if you want to party... ahem. The decoration is adorable! It's a little run down but still pretty clean. Don't let the intimidating outside scare you off... go inside. Try it. Don't expect world class Chinese food but go with a light heart and empty stomach. You won't be disappointed. As I sat enjoying my dinner, I realized that this place is definitely for regulars. People knew what they wanted and how they wanted it. Sometimes things are not on the menu but don't be afraid to ask...
<review# 823,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/12/2012,7/31/2012,72,167,4,6,6>Thank you Yelpers...Finally made it to Seafood Goumet and the place is great! We didn't have a reservation and the place was packed. I asked how long and the guy said 1.5 hours. But then he said wait and spoke with John who I assume is the owner. He looked around and checked his reservation list and said 15 minutes. We were so happy. Fifteen minutes later we were sitting at our table.The place is nothing fancy, yet homey and the seafood is so fresh and tasty. We shared clams on the half shell and an assortment of oysters and they tasted like you were eating the ocean; cool, refreshing and ssoooo tasty. Our main meals consisted of one of the specials which was the Chilean Seabass in an awesome sauce over rice and I had the broiled scallops with a fresh assortment of fersh vegetables and fries. Both meals were outstanding and they came with your choice of soup or salad. Since this was our first time there, I asked which soup was the best and the waiter said the lobster bisque so we went with it and he was right. A very tasty bisque with chunks of lobster throughout the soupThe wait staff was great and I must thank John for finding a table for us. Seafood Gourmet is a great local seafood restaurant and we will definitely be returning. By the way, it's BYOB...
<review# 824,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/14/2012,7/30/2012,87,93,5,7,4>I don't know why it's taken so long for me to write a review for Honshu. Maybe its because I'm selfish and greedy and I don't have to wait in line for a great meal. But, seeing as how this place is getting packed as is... it's time for me to throw in my two cents. (the above statement is exaggeratingly half true... i am a terrible prick)Honshu is a gem of a sushi lounge tucked away up on the second floor of a building at Montgomery and Greene Streets. On the ground floor was the old school, somewhat garish, Flamingo Diner. Coming up the creaky stairs, and a non-descript door that says OPEN or CLOSED, I remember not knowing what to expect. Once you enter though, you are greeted by extremely friendly staff in a dimly-lit but classy setting of dark woods and accented with neon lights. Combined with the trance music in the background, you almost feel as if you've stepped into a sushi restaurant in Asia.In terms of food, I've tried a good percentage of the menu and the quality is pretty consistent across. Rather than review each dish, here are some of my favorites:Appetizers:- Rock Shrimp: This isn't a perfect imitation of Nobu's best dish, but it's pretty damn good and its a hell of a lot cheaper. Bite sized morsels of shrimp that are buoyant in your mouth even through the light tempura batter, accompanied by a spicy mayo and topped with a sprinkling of roe for texture...- Tuna Tartare: The same spicy mayo is first pooled onto the bottom of a rectangular place and then flambeed until the top has caramelized into a shiny mirror-like surface. Then three "trees" of tuna tartare are placed onto the plate, hand-shaped spires of fresh spicy tuna topped with some roe, and then also flame treated until you hear the roe crackle from being heated. The dish packs a nice punch and opens up your palate for the next dish.- Tropical Gindara: this is a cod-like fish that is flaky and meaty without falling apart at the touch of the chopstick. Again, it is doused in the spicy mayo, and sometimes I do question if it is just the sauce that makes everything delicious here, but I swear it does not overpower, but complements.Entrees:- Rolls, Rolls, Rolls: Can't miss. All of the rolls are delicious. Pink Lady (salmon on salmon), Dragon (eel and caterpillar), the list goes on. My wife is partial to the Montgomery roll. I like anything with tempura shrimp in the middle.- Unagi Don: Broiled Eel over rice. Comfort food that I never grew up with, but warms my soul. Sushi rice, slightly sweet, topped with two rows of broiled eel, and a side of pickled daikon radish.My only criticism for this place is that the ramen could be better. It's a tough one to nail down because it comes down to the broth, but the ramen has shown steady improvement over the past year. For now, it doesn't even compare to local restaurant Komegashi down the street. That being said, I just go to Honshu if I want sushi... I go to Komegashi for ramen.PS if the owner is reading this, this review was written by Superman.
<review# 825,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/14/2012,7/29/2012,262,408,7,10,10>I was walking home from Journal Square and caught sight of the cakes from the window.Old school themed cakes.Cakes with bridges like when I got married, back when we were still writing on walls and gasped at fire.I had to walk in. There was no sign indicating the name of this establishment (sitch where it fell/fire/needed replacing and she hasn't  gotten around to it, I later learned) but once inside I realized THIS was Neida's. (I'm like Sherlock Holmes but also there were signs and menus everywhere) Id been meaning to check this place out.On the left as I enter....a display of all the baked goods I grew up on. Flan, Bread Pudding,Cannolis, Guava Puffs and lots of others but don't ask me what they were ...  once I saw the home made uber flaky Guava Puffs I was a goner. I remember there were lots of other things in the display case but I was all about those puffs.I could tell those guava puffs were going to be delicious.Call me Karnac.The right wall is lined with tables because this place is much more than a bakery. How do I know this? Ms. Marple ain't got nothin' on me my friends.....I have crazy deductive skills. Also, I can smell the food. I recognize the food. I want the food.And I want those guava puffs.Neida comes over to take care of me and of course we begin to chat.She's a neighborhood staple...been in the neighborhood for lots and lots and lots of years.While we are talking her baker comes out with a boys birthday cake.Looks pretty in a "I had that cake when I was twelve" kind of way.Her cook too is constantly bringing out trays and setting up a catered event they are prepping and I'm seeing arroz con guandules, pernil and other latin party essentials go past me and I can just tell they are going to taste authentic(channeling Poirot ) and really, really good and I'm thinking the entire time she's talking that I need to become a regular.Laden with a cuban sandwich for hubby, several bread puddings, a flan and those guava puffs, I make my way home.Could the place use a little sprucing up? You bet. Now that  McGinley Square is doing a major overhaul that is going to take several years to complete but promises to bring some 'pretty' into the neighborhood, sprucing up might be a wise move for this neighborhood gem.How was everything? Delicious of course.And those guava puffs? Well, those things were, they were... one of the most amazing guava puffs I've had in years. Sancocho on Saturdays.
<review# 826,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/2/2012,7/28/2012,258,599,4,7,4>Great happy hour specials and great food.  I'm surprised that other people from the law school don't walk the extra block to Kilkenny's.  Not only is the food good, but they have great food specials.  Every weekday, they have a different menu item for five dollars. On Tuesdays they have two dozen mussels on special.  And the mussels are that good.  The sauce had a little bit of heat and very garlicky, and the mussels are clean (I hate it when the mussels are sandy).  The only thing that could make the dish better would be a little bit of chorizo (without casing) in the broth, but you can't beat this for five bucks.Five bucks on lunch and I get to walk back to the law school with the beginnings of a food coma.  I call that five stars.
<review# 827,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/17/2012,7/27/2012,1613,1387,11,12,11>I like drinking cold beers/cocktails when its hotttt outside, while chillin inside a cool-ass cabana.I like drinking white wine while staring at a panoramic view of manhattan in front of me.I like drinking vodka shots next to 40ft yachts docking next to my Trek bicycle. I like dancing like a fool in an outdoor patio with an awesome live band kickin covers. I like chattin it up with other drunk beautiful patrons in front of large fire pits.I like eating a deelish medium-rare marinated New York strip steak with grilled asparagus spears and slow-cooked garlic cloves that spread like butter.I like romantic walks on the waterfront after dinner, half-drunk-half-uber-drunk.I LOVE that my date tonight also likes these things.** Life, Liberty(house) and Justice for all **
<review# 828,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/9/2012,7/26/2012,110,336,3,8,3>This place is legendary.  It's on The Ave and is always packed.  The pizza here is the kind you get in Italy.  I went with my girl and another couple on Friday night.  The meal started with our waiter bringing our freshly baked, piping hot, delicious bread.  We then ordered some vino off their extensive wine list (our server's recommendation was solid).  This place also has a wonderful craft beer menu (bottles only).  We split the Sorrentina pizza as an appetizer.  Classic Italian style pizza covered in fresh prosciutto, mozzarella, Romano, arugula, and cherry tomatoes.  Couldn't be better.For the entrees, my girl and I split the veal saltinbocca with rosemary potatoes and the orecchiete with broccoli rabe and sausage.  Both of these dishes were as good as I've ever had.  I couldn't recommend them any more highly.  For dessert, we all split the homemade Tiramisu.  I'm a Tiramisu aficionado, and this may be the best I've ever tasted.  It was so sweet and yummy, and came in a heaping portion.  If you live or work anywhere in Hudson County, you must find time to go to La Sorrentina.
<review# 829,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/14/2012,7/25/2012,156,409,7,5,5>Flavor explosion. I mean, seriously, sick flavor explosion. Came here on a Saturday night and sat outside with no wait. We were a little indecisive about what fish we wanted, and the waitress was pretty helpful. We started with the yelp approved Roti Canai. I think this one was slightly overhyped... it comes with a super thin, light, airy, yet still crispy and chewey bread (wrap is more accurate actually), and a curry sauce with some chicken and potatoes in it. And when I say some I mean 2 pieces of chicken, and 1 piece of potato. Don't get me wrong... flavors were really spot on, but I kinda was thinking "if you are going to put meat and potatoes in it, then do it, don't make it seem like an after thought." Either way, for under $5, I would get it again with the expectation you are ordering it for the bread and sauce. Moved on to the Chow Kueb Teow noodle dish. The best way to describ this is an order of pad thai and an order of lo mein get drunk, walk into a seafood store, and do naughty things... this is what you get 9 months later. Rich noodles with some big shrimp, and tender squid (which has an excellent presentation - scored all along the outside gives it a great shape and texture). Totally recommend this.Finally, for the grand finale, we ordered the #91 (kampung ikan), which was the fried red snapper in a coconut curry. Oh man. Fan-freaking-tastic. Super flaky and moist fish and in incredibly rich sauce deep in curry flavors. Excellent yellow curry, to say the least. And check out the picture of this beast. Overall, I found the service to be totally fine, and the food to be really just excellent all around (just don't expect much meat in the Roti Canai!). Total for the Roti Canai, the noodles, and the whole fish (which was $26 by itself) came to $42 before tip. Absolute bargain for the amount of and quality of food you get here. Will surely be back... possibly tomorrow.And did I mention it is BYOB??
<review# 830,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/25/2012,7/24/2012,340,288,5,10,7>We walked in at 10:30pm with the kitchen closing and the owner still welcomed us with open arms. Great hospitality and service here.We didn't have much time to look at the menu but a short chat with the owner and voila perfect dishes were matched with our hungry stomachs.We started with a half dozen clams topped with onions, tomatoes, cilantro and a lime dressing. The clams were a bit overcooked but the topping was bursting with flavor.My tacu tacu with chicken was great. The sides that come with it were also delicious. The rice and beans were smashed together and flattened on the grill top. So unique! I gobbled all the yucca fries which i dipped in the sauce from the chicken.His seafood dish was just as great. The fish remained moist inside yet had a nice crunch on the outside.And yes the prices are a bit steep but the dishes are huge! I ate my leftovers again for lunch the next day so in that aspect I would say that the prices are reasonable.I will definitely be back and hopefully prepared with a bottle of wine and dining at a more reasonable time.
<review# 831,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/25/2012,7/23/2012,474,598,6,11,6>Absolutely recommended - make a reservation and starve yourself for at least 12 hours before! This is one of the better Rodizios I've ever been to - and the best I've tried in NJ thus far.We got a Groupon and did the Rodizio option - not sure why you would do anything else in this type of restaurant (other tables had entrees - ENORMOUS - ridiculous-sized, even for Americans). Unlike some other Rodizios I've been to, this one had a few sides brought to your table, rather than a salad bar.The sides knocked my non-existent socks off. Bread basket was really really good - flavorful and fresh, served with butter and olive oil so you could be picky.The rice was absurdly delicious - infused with a buttery flavor and an after-taste of just enough garlic that is making my mouth water just thinking of it. I would have been happy with that for dinner!French fries - yummy although unnecessary, obviously freshly cut.Lightly fried bananas (not plantains, bananas) - bangin'. I would have these with whipped cream for dessert on a regular basis if I could figure out how to make them.Black beans - I didn't try them, but they were well received by the bf.Rodizio meats:This was a mixed bag of carnivorous pleasure. Many of the meats were enjoyable, some inconsistent, and some just not great. Overall, it was a great meal.Some of my favorites were the chicken leg (bit of spice, delish), turkey wrapped in bacon, stuffed steak (with gruyere?), prime rib and ham.Less successful was the skirt steak, filet mignon wrapped in bacon, pork loin, and sausage.Things like the sirloin, lamb and garlic shell steak I could have been fine without, although they were pretty good.The strange thing about the meats was that the tougher to prepare cuts were actually prepared better in general - and even though they were being carved from the same spit in front of us, I had moist pieces while the bf got dry ones, and vice versa. I didn't try the chicken hearts (because I'm a coward hiding in shame) or the ribeye (because I was worried I wouldn't be able to walk to the car if I ate any more).They only offer you each type of meat once! I'm sure you could ask for seconds (although we nearly had to be rolled out of there on stretchers from over eating) if you like a particular kind. It's plenty for a meal, but be forewarned that it's not like the typical NJ Rodizio where you'll see options coming back for more.Dessert:Sliced grilled pineapple - dusted with cinnamon - yummy.I ordered the cookies and cream - FOODGASM!!! It was served like a parfait - I'm not sure what I was expecting, but it was ridiculous. I highly recommend it. Big enough to share!The flan was much less successful - too dense, almost tasted like supermarket quality.Service was like clockwork - very efficient, no chatting at all. Not rude, just focused on the job at hand with no embellishment.  The valet guy seemed a bit annoyed that we parked ourselves, but he was polite about it. Clean restrooms. Lovely restaurant with several rooms, making it seem smaller than it is. Really great stonework on the walls, fireplace, adorableness. Loud, but to be expected in that type of place.Needless to say, this is not a first-date kind of place! You'll eat yourself delirious. The Groupon deal was around $36 for 2 Rodizio dinners with desserts - and we wound up paying about $31 on top of that for 3 sodas (NO FREE REFILLS) and tip. Not bad for gorging ourselves!
<review# 832,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/17/2012,7/22/2012,13,60,4,5,5>This place is great for what it is: a local place with good Greek food at a very affordable price. Is this a sublime fine-dining experience with tzatziki sauce that will make you punch yourself in the face? No. Is it a comforting pile of pillowy pitas, delicious hummus, fresh salad, and wonderful falafel? YES.This was our alternative to TickTock Diner for Saturday dinner. The place was empty at 6:15. The falafel were creamy inside - not dry and firm. It's different than other falafel I've had but enjoyable. My Greek salad was great. Look, it's March. Tomatoes aren't in season, so they tend to be mealy or pale or otherwise a little gross this time of year. This salad had perfect tomatoes. I wish it had a little more feta, and that I had remembered to say  'dressing on the side', but I was still pleased with it.I had a gyro platter. I don't generally eat gyro so I can't compare it to anything. I liked making sandwiches with pita and tzatziki they gave me. My partner had chicken souvlaki, which was also just okay. It was grilled chicken. Not really amazingly flavored like anything. We both opted for the lemon potatoes and due to personal taste did not like them. They weren't bad but I don't like lemon as a savory flavor. Not their fault. Our two platters, hummus, and sodas cost $32. Not bad at all! Overall, Greek Town served us fresher food than the diner, and it was very filling, but, on the other hand, the diner gives you more food and you therefore take some of it home. It really depends what you're in the mood for. We'll go back.
<review# 833,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/11/2012,7/21/2012,134,111,2,6,3>This review is for the ambiance, my experience with service, and the Rocky Road Cookie!You walk into this place, and immediately you're transported into your fantasy Candyland.  The word "whimsical" is definitely spot on if you're talking about Sugar & Plumm.  It's super light, airy, colorful, and fun - but in a way that's appealing to both adults and kids.  They have a decent selection of chocolate, truffles, macaroons, cakes, cookies, and other goodies.  I walked down further and saw they even had gelato and sorbet.  Even further, to my surprise, was a crepe + waffle station!  They have both sweet + savory options for both.  And then on the walls they have an insane assortment of candy and things.  Sweetness everywhere!  A nice touch I thought was they have a seating area for those ordering sweets, even if it's just a pick-up and go kind of thing.  Then there's a separate seating area for those looking to enjoy crepes + waffles.On this first visit, I only had the privilege of tasting one type of cookie.  Let me preface this by saying I am by NO means a dessert person (well, with the exception of ice cream and cupcakes on occasion).  I was in the mood for a cookie and couldn't decide, but with the help/chiming in of staff... I made the best choice.  The staff was so cute.  One girl was directly helping me, the girl next to her overheard me debating between Rocky Road and other cookies... then they asked who I believe to be their manager about it... and the consensus was to definitely go for the Rocky Road Cookie.The Rocky Road is not just any cookie.  It's the mother of all things Rocky Road.  My goodness.  I asked them if it was crunchy because I don't like crunchy cookies that just crumble.  This was just the opposite.  Yes, it has a super thin crisp on the bottom and slightly around the perimeter; however, the inside (especially the middle) is a perfect balance of moistness, richness, and sweetness.  Perfect distribution of ingredients, too.  I'm sure the marshmallow adds to the moistness, but I'm happily surprised that it's not overly sweet (like Rocky Road ice cream sometimes is).  This is SO good, and totally worth my $3.50.  I ate half, got full, and totally just spoiled my lunch... but I don't care!4 stars for now since I only tasted one thing (but this cookie totally deserves 5 stars).  My next visit, I promise to try a sweet and/or savory crepe or waffle.  I'm sure I'll have another 5 star thing to rave about.
<review# 834,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/5/2012,7/20/2012,383,500,10,10,8>Champagne showers,Champagne showers,Pop it in the club,We light it up every hour.Their unlimited champagne brunch made me feel like LMFAO (if I only had on an afro wig and didn't walk in with a Living Social voucher).  But there is no shame in my game and I swaggerifically walked in with my voucher (announcing it to everyone who would listen: valet, hostess, water boy, waiter, other people eating, etc).  For $25, it was unlimited bellinis (I prefer peach puree over orange juice and what!?) and 2 entrees for 2.   We went with the following:- Steak and Eggs: Perfectly cooked steak with chimichurri sauce and crunchy breakfast potatoes (which aided in breaking those egg yolks and sopping them up)- Kobe Burger Deluxe: Nothing hits the spot like a juicy burger which leaks down your arms and makes you use both sides of the napkin - just remember not to put it back in your lap.  The fries were thin cut and complimented the burger.After our bellies were full and our champagne thirsts were quenched, we had a new brunch option in JC (they have an option for $10 unlimited champagne drinks on their regular brunch menu).
<review# 835,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/22/2012,7/19/2012,1252,1131,6,6,5>What do you need to know about this place? The name says it all. One of the better cupcake joints in the area. A lot of people have tried to copy, only a couple have come close. This is not your hostess cupcake um cupcake. If you catch them at a good time you will get pure heaven: just finished cupcakes...fresh...yum! Yeah they are pricey but if you want quality, you need to pay. They even have little mini cupcakes so you can get several and eat them like popcorn...*ahem* not like I have done that or anything. The 3 particular ones that stand out: Outrageous Oreo, Peanut Butter Blast (PB goes well with anything) and Red Velvet. OO and PBB were out of this world...near ecstasy. I said near so chill out. RV was a bit over the top sweet and wasn't on par with the other ones. What you will notice is they are sweet but not too sweet...delicious, oh very much so. The store itself is medium size. There are tables so you can sit down, have some java and eat a couple of the cc's. Parking is in the back as st parking is limited. Staff is friendly and courteous. It does tend to get busy on the weekends with teens and families so if you are like me, take it to go and eat it on the way home...just saying. ENJOY!
<review# 836,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/10/2012,7/18/2012,217,94,5,10,7>In my never-ending quest to broaden my Indian cuisine horizons I found myself at Taj Mahal for dinner.  I imagine that it's much more bustling during the day since it's just down the block from the Hudson County Courthouse, but I was a lonely soul that night........I'm not kidding, I was the only person in the restaurant which always makes me a bit apprehensive about the food.  Fortunately, I was pleasantly surprised with my meal......quite enjoyable as a matter of fact.I started off with the Paneer Tikka which consists of cubes of Indian cheese grilled on a skewer with peppers and onions.  Nothing earth-shattering, but I had never tried it and it wasn't half-bad.My entree, Lamb Roganjosh, was much more interesting and flavorful.  The lamb was tender and there were a host of spices in the sauce which blended together nicely.  It could have been spicier, but it was flavorful nonetheless.  I ordered the spice level "medium" and I'm learning with Indian food that you have to learn to gauge each restaurant's heat level.  No big deal, I'll just know better next time.I also went with a side of Garlic Naan which was crisp on the outside, soft on the inside and loaded with garlic (good choice Dave!)Taj Mahal is BYOB, but I wasn't drinking that night and opted for a Mango Lassi which was pretty damn tasty!  My waiter was very polite, helpful and attentive (as well he should have been since I was the only person there......lol)Overall, I like Taj Mahal........another successful venture into Indian cuisine!
<review# 837,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/18/2012,7/17/2012,64,85,4,5,5>Biggie's has been around for over half a century.  You can tell that half of the people dining have been regulars for the past few decades, with good reason.  Rating it as a divvy locale specializing in cheap and fast seafood, Biggie's earns four stars.  As you gradually veer away from the seafood, four becomes debatable.The clams.  I was hesitant to get raw half-shellers here because the atmosphere was not suggestive of this typically high-end menu staple.  But HOT DAMN CLAM I was impressed.  They were meaty, succulent and extremely fresh.  My one caveat is they offer lemon, cocktail sauce or hot sauce as accompaniments...no delicate mignonettes here.  Then again, that wouldn't really fit the no-nonsense vibe of Biggie's.Other stand-outs were the chock-full-o-chunks Clam Chowder and anything deep fried.  The calamari, fries, onion rings etc. were all fried to perfection, maintaining a super crispy exterior without being greasy.  The miscellaneous sandwiches I have had are tasty but uninspiring, the burgers cheap and sufficient, while the Caesar Salad was drowned in dressing...it would've been healthier had it been deep fried.Walking into Biggie's hungry, you certainly will not be on the way out.  If you come for nothing else, at least come for the exceptional clams on the half shell.
<review# 838,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/27/2011,7/16/2012,161,135,4,11,5>Memories of visiting "the science place" as a kid are better than the reality of coming here as an adult, but Liberty Science Center still rocks.  There are a lot of interactive exhibits to get your nerd on, as well as some interesting natural habitat and wildlife up on the top floor.  Make your way around the various levels with a view down into the vestibule below.Bring kids with you to heighten the joy at discovering something new, but avoid holiday weekends such as President's Day or any weekend where all the kids have off from school Monday and need something in the area to do!  That "something" will become "getting in your way" and "screaming at the top of their lungs for no reason" and you don't want that.  Kinetic energy is fascinating, but not when its inside of 5,000 tourist children with sugar-induced meltdowns at the ready.Keep an eye out not only for the regularly featured science films, but the occasional cinematic 3D experience such as Star Wars and others offered for a limited time.If you're interested in acoustics, after you hit up the science center itself, walk around toward the light rail stop under the Turnpike ramp, where they have one or two little places you can try out "magic" auditory experiences... a megaphone that echoes back to you, and a set of silver plates you can stand between and hear yourself very clearly like inside a clam shell.Its easy to then hit Liberty State Park for a picnic and some sun, as well as the best views of downtown NYC... in fact you get a preview of all of this from the observation deck on the top floor of LSC!!
<review# 839,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/5/2011,7/15/2012,41,61,,3,3>I went here for the first time with two out of town friends. WE HAD SO MUCH FUN!!!!!! The first thing is belaying. One friend knew how to hold our weight while we climbed rocks.  We didn't. The guy who knew how to got professionally grilled and tested by this little bit named Nancy (Cuter than a button), and once she felt confident in my friend's mad skills, she sent us on our way. If we didn't have someone there to belay, we could have only bouldered, or paid like $100 an hour for someone to belay for us.  We didn't rent any gear we could climb without (shoes). That was an additional $10.00ish dollars for some add-on's.It was fun, clean, and friendly fun.  Some people took their climbing really serious, we were just there to have fun and do something different. Either way, the staff and atmosphere were great! We had a blast for about a $100.00 total. Kind of far if you don't live in the Bergen area, but absolutely worth it!
<review# 840,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/14/2011,7/14/2012,49,91,2,3,3>This place is a blast from the past, where everything is fixated on Sinatra, and I'm not complaining.  It's a cozy atmosphere, and after a few glasses of wine and an italian dish that will no doubt put you on that slow motion status, you won't want to leave.  If you're looking for an inexpensive, tasty meal, with a relaxed and friendly atmosphere, this is your spot.  Skipping the nonsense and getting straight to the point, here's what you should know:- CASH ONLY, but they have an ATM so don't worry.  Unless you're on that broke status.- Any of the pasta or spaghetti dishes are a can't lose decision.  I had a really good shells dish with chicken and cheese mixed in.  Pasta with meatballs classic also didn't disappoint.- Mussels Fra Diavalo are delicious- Pizza is your cheap yet tasty option- Be ready for some Sinatra, a glass or three of cab, and a good meal
<review# 841,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/10/2012,7/13/2012,156,84,20,25,20>In honor of part of my previous review below being featured in the weekly yelp (jersey) "something to taco about", I went back here to confirm my previous recommendations.The owners weren't there, and the first thought that came to mind was that they sold the place and moved to California. I was worried. It turns out that they just weren't there today and that someone was running the place for them in the meantime. This still had me worried, as the quality of the food would probably be different under the watch of someone else's eye. Sure enough, the mole sauce which I have raved about was considerably less chocolately and more spicy. Some people may like it that way, but that makes it not as good in my opinion.Aside from that, the chorizo nachos were fantastic and the chile relleno was still as good as always. I also got some new photos! All in all, I still think this is a great Mexican restaurant in an area where authentic Mexican food is hard to come by.
<review# 842,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/6/2012,7/12/2012,397,687,2,9,2>Another awesome Irish pub!  I really do love coming here with friends to either hang out at the bar for a night out, have a sit down dinner, or simply stop in for a quick happy-hour beer. I will say that depending on who is tending bar your Guinness pour might not be perfect, but the bartenders ARE very attentive and will make sure you're being treated right-which is one of the reasons I love this place.  The food at the bar and in the dining area is always great, though when the place is packed service can get a little slow.  I totally recommend the Guinness onion soup as a starter-gets a big WOW from me.  The burgers, bar fare, and entrees have NEVER disappointed and The Chicken Murphy or Fish and Chips are out of this world.  The only reason Blackthorn doesn't get five stars is that when it is packed, and especially when they have a band, it gets too 'close' for my comfort...even if you are parked around a corner of the bar.  Friendly service, delicious food, tvs all around the bar area, and a great beer selection (love a place with Smithwick's on tap)...stop in at Blackthorn and have a Great time!!!
<review# 843,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/1/2012,7/11/2012,198,103,3,8,7>I moved down the block from Beyti, I soon thereafter became a regular; had many family gatherings there, and even since moving from weehawken to essex county, I STILL make special trips to Beyti because the place is excellent.Apps: amazing- try the combination platters to familiarize yourself with what you like, then move on next time to order each one individually, because the price tag on the combo platters tends to be steep in comparison to the size of each app on the plate. The yogurt is SO good, the shepherds' salad is a must have- but be sure to order it with the feta on top, its extra and WORTH it.Entrees: I am partial to the combination meat platters- there are slight differences in the platters, mainly the addition of one meat over another. The sliced Doner (lamb) is to die for- so are the marinated chunks of fresh lamb and chicken. The combination is large enough for two or even three to share especially after indulging on the must have appetizers.I find that ordering double or triple the amount of apps you would normally order at a restaurant, then ordering ONE meat combination plate is more than enough for a few people, if its over three, go for two plates.Desserts" SO good, flaky delicate drizzled with delicious honey (not a an of honey Greygirl?, youre eating the wrong cuisine.) Order it with the side of reduced sweet cream- I wish I had discovered that years ago- had it for the first time recently, its like heaven.This is a GREAT place for family, friends, and although Ive never been there on a Saturday night- its also THE place for live music and BELLYDANCING! I have to get there to see that soon!Go to Beyti for your next celebration- you wont regret it.
<review# 844,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/27/2012,7/10/2012,171,196,9,10,7>What an awesome place to have an event...!Not only is this place absolutely beautiful and super modern, the staff is seriously awesome, super welcoming and accommodating... you put down a glass, boom it's disappeared off your table in thirty seconds.  And the cocktails they served - specialty or otherwise - wooweee, they were quite generous on the alchy, Lizzy likey :) ....the one drink they came up with, some sort of lemon/lime mojito/margarita combination was insanely good.. I could have had, like, ten.. and then I would have needed a wheelbarrow.Food was pretty effin' good, I must say... the mini-pizzas, yum, just bite size and delicious.. perfect to accompany a booze-y Manhattan...  Other notable snacks were the little mascarpone cheese balls, yum, and the little miniature desserts, oh my god, what the hell was that cheesecake thing?!  It was freaking phenomenal!!  Creme brulee & coffee cake thing...uh, in case you can't tell, I'm still hurting from last night's little soiree at the NJPAC.GO HERE.
<review# 845,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/6/2012,7/9/2012,175,193,2,13,6>So, this place just opened up a couple of weeks ago. And since I love Mexican food, I had to try to place out. I came here yesterday (specifically on Cinco de Mayo) for some authentic Mexican food, and was NOT disappointed at all! This is the most authentic Mexican food I've had since Cabo last year!The restaurant serves a wide variety of Mexican food to appeal to most people's taste.  The place is small and the service is quick and very friendly. Food is extremely cheap and portions (at least what I had and saw) are a good size.  Great low key place for traditional Mexican food!After quickly sitting down, I had the urge to order Jarrito's (Mexican soda, for those of you who don't know). Ai que rico! Our tortilla chips and salsa came right out. Thick, good tortilla chips and golden in color (not the ones you buy at the store).  I'm sure they made their own chips and salsa. Salsa had a nice kick to it, nothing overpowering, just right.We proceeded with ordering the pork tacos, chicken tacos and beef tacos. The tacos came out within minutes. Each taco order came with 4 delicious tacos. I was only able to eat 3 out of the 4.  The tacos were accompanied by two different sauces: a /jalapeño green sauce (which complimented the taco meat very well) and the red tomato sauce. Be warned: their green sauce has a nice spicy kick to it!  You'll be surprised!  The tacos al pastor were on point (especially since they had the pineapple bits like the ones I had in Mexico). This made my day! The chicken was juicy and tender (not dry at all). I didn't taste the beef tacos but according to my boyfriend they were great! The tortilla itself was soft and flaky. And above all, the tacos were not greasy! This would be the perfect lunch meal:  enough to fill you up (without it being too heavy) at a very reasonable price.Oh, did I mention they also deliver?? I'll definitely be back very soon...
<review# 846,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/13/2012,7/8/2012,119,420,4,7,4>Have you ever selfishly pleasured yourself in a non-sexual way that left you purely satisfied, exhausted, yet happy, worn out, yet you feel so enlightened.  Ladies and gentlemen I introduced myself to HOT YOGA..For about 2-3 years I have been curious to go and luckily my friend Lili gave me that little shoove we all need here and there.PY offers 60 and 90 minute classes and a bit of advice start w. the 60 min.  I have been doing yoga for 5 years and this class wore me out, unfortuneately my first class was a 90 min and I was worn out.  However I went 7 days later for my 2nd class and this time I felt a lot better and yes I attended a 90 min class, go me! Do not be intimidated by the yogi's who are standing on 1 finger ( I joke) or the heat of the room, the yoga combined with the heat is amazing and I highly suggest you try it atleast once.Warning! Bring coconut water or a very large water bottle because you will be dehydrated.
<review# 847,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/18/2012,7/7/2012,195,235,12,12,9>All of you Yelpers were correct - the sushi at Masa is amazingly fresh.  You can tell that nothing has been frozen here.  I almost always order the Chirashi when I go out for sushi, but I wasn't in the mood this time around. After experiencing the freshness of the fish, I could have kicked myself for not ordering the friggen Chirashi.  Next time for sure. We both opted for rolls and pieces (we went for dinner on Saturday night).  Their roll menu is relatively small - you're not going to find a ton of special rolls like you would at other sushi places, however, what they have is legit and fresh. It's better to let the sushi stand alone rather than coating it with a ton of mayo, tempura, and other random sauces.The one thing that bothered me about Masa was the spotty service.  Water refills were very hard to come by and the clear soup with clam came out way after I received my seaweed salad (which was also tasty, might I add).  After a few minutes, we asked about the whereabouts of the soup. Our server paused and thought for a moment and said, "Oh, that soup takes five minutes to make."  That's weird since our appetizer order was placed well over 15 minutes ago. The soup was worth the unexplained wait.  It was a clear, broth-based soup with a clam (in shell) floating inside.  My man and I split it (he wanted me to try it since it was so good) and we probably looked like a couple of tools passing a small soup bowl back and forth across the table.  What-ev...I have no shame when it comes to good food.I would like to return to Masa for lunch one of these days.  I might again deal with spotty service for amazing sushi.Holy crapzilla, did I just say that out loud?
<review# 848,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/1/2012,7/6/2012,13,84,4,12,5>Right now, I'm writing a review as I eat Boomerang's food for the first time.So far, VERY good.It's Sunday, and we wanted delivery. Delivery with local West Indian restaurants are hit or miss. So we assumed they weren't going to delivery, especially on a Sunday. But we were wrong! They said they'd be there in 30 minutes. And they were right on time.I am really picky about 2 things: Mac and Cheese and Potato Salad. We got sides of both. The mac and cheese is really good. Has that slightly overbaked top, and very flavorful. Good job, guys.Now the potato salad. It's actually really good as well! It's a little tangy, I'm guessing a hint of mustard. But it works well.On to the Curried Goat and Rice and Peas...again, a winner. Very flavorful. Meat is tender. What's odd, but great, is that they give you more meat than the sides. It's usually the other way around in other places; a pound of rice and a little bit of meat.So yeah, it's nice to have an alternative to the other local Jamaican restaurants. This one is definitely a keeper. I hope they stick around.
<review# 849,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/1/2011,7/5/2012,353,180,3,6,4>Sushi Village serves up a-la-carte rolls made to order, did I mention it's an All-You-Can-Eat restaurant. It's seriously awesome!::Quality::All you can eat sushi, sounds like a risky proposition. At Sushi Village they destroy any pretense you might have had by serving up fresh dishes that are made to order. This is no budget buffet style restaurant. They are making every roll as it's ordered. The result is sushi so good you can't help but be excited someone told you about this place. It's a gem, for sure. ::Favorites::The soft shell crab roll is really good. This one roll probably runs close to $20 if you were to order it at a regular sushi restaurant. Just more evidence that Sushi Village is top notch. We tried about 10-15 different things. From the shrimp tempura, salmon, and even the rolls with fruit in them (a delicious surprise), you can not go wrong with ordering what you want to try. All the tempura was fresh and perfectly crispy, and depending on your party size, you can tell them how much you want in an order. Fried banana for desert is so money with a scoop of ice cream on the side.::BYOB Factor:: +1 for being a BYOB. They are friendly and will uncork any wine you have on demand. Ask nicely for a ice bucket to keep everything cold while you eat.Ordering: Everyone at the table is given small  a-la-carte menus to mark off what they'd like to eat. TIP: Try to put your tables order on as few pieces of papers as possible. The order will go in quicker and all your food will arrive at the same time since it's just one giant order they process at once.The edamame and soups come out almost instantly. Appetizers take a few minutes and sushi arrives right after that. Depending on the volume of business on any given night, you wait between 10-20 minutes for your sushi to be prepared and served. You can watch the line of sushi chefs make rolls non-stop as you dine. They are super fast and it's impressive how much sushi they can make in a few short minutes. So ninja! :: Good For Children and Large Groups::This is a great place to take the kids to eat too. The big fish tank is fun for them to stare at near the entrance. They have kid friendly foods like teriyaki, tempura, and ice cream. Going with a large group, no problem. Call ahead and reserve a table. We sat about 20 people right next to the sushi bar and were so cozy. Waitresses took good care of us the entire night. My family already planned to come back here for my little cousins birthday next month. Booked it that night. Can not wait!::Final Thought::Sushi Village is a sushi lovers paradise. You get high quality, made to order rolls, for a fraction of the price. The ingredients are all fresh, the rice around the rolls is small (no cheapo extra rice rolls here), and the tables have low sodium soy sauce. What else could I ask for?I can't say enough good things about this place. So try it out and find out for yourself.
<review# 850,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/23/2012,7/4/2012,30,61,3,4,4>Can you say hot damn? I love this place. Despite the limited menu (Tofu soup and ribs ONLY) I always leave this place happy and full of fatty meat and with kickin' kim chi breath. Sometimes as a white person I get horrible service, but I don't care because as long as I get the little bowls of kimchi before the meal and the ribs come out piping hot and the shrimp in my soup have little faces, I am happy. Go with some friends, get a couple order of ribs, a bowl of the seafood tofu soup (not if you have shellfish allergies though) and gorge on the delicious spicy assortment of Korean kimchi things and rice that they bring you. It's also really fun cracking a raw egg into a boiling hot cast iron bowl of soup. And it's also fun to cut the ribs with the scissors they bring you. The ribs are vvvery fatty, but damn good.The parking lot is a P.O.S though, park across the street at the municipal parking to avoid serious frustration.Also, go on a weeknight because the weekends are INSANE.
<review# 851,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/25/2012,7/3/2012,390,569,7,12,7>Another fantastic dining experience at Amanda's.We hit up the super reasonably priced early dinner for two special $32 total or, obviously, $16 each. (You have to order before 5:45, but the quality/quantity/price of the meal make eating at a dinner time intended of the elderly completely worthwhile.)After strutting into the establishment right after work and being seated at one of the quaint tables near the window, I ordered the cheapest red wine on the menu (yes, I'm classy.) I glanced at the prix fix menu, and what a menu it was! I was pleasantly surprised with the variety of meal choices available - this isn't your run of the mill limited 2-3 choice menu. Entree options included cod, skirt steak, pork loin, chicken, and ravioli. Translation? I can come back again and again for a variety of excellent meals. During our geriatric dinner I immensely enjoyed all three of my chosen courses. I started out with the soup of the day, a cream of corn. It was both creamy and scrumptious! More than just cream and corn, there was a delicate addition of pesto, carrots, bacon, and potato. Just the right amount of everything in harmony. For my main course I decided to get something I wouldn't make for myself - honey and sage marinated pork loin with asparagus and creamy polenta. I don't know if it's my favorite meal that I've ever had here, but it was definitely delicious. The polenta might have been the most interesting part the meal because it was done like a flavorful extra smooth mashed potato. To conclude my meal I choose the chocolate moose. It was presented beautifully with whipped cream and strawberries topping the moose which sat inside a dainty chocolate container. If I have my way, I'll definitely be having early dinner more often!
<review# 852,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/6/2012,7/2/2012,503,395,13,13,11>I am a 28 year old Latina and had my French food cherry popped at Mes Reves. And baby, let me tell you, french people know how to seduce....I thankfully came here with a French chef who was able to explain all the sauces and flavors to my very uncultured palate. We started with the scallops that were places decadently over slices of mushroom and garnished with fried leek. I must say that this appetizer (of merely 3 scallops - at $12 for the plate!) was the absolute highlight of my week....possibly my year. The chef himself came out to serve it and after the first bite, I sincerely thought I would have to fight my date to not eat anymore. I thought about faking an allergic reaction to possibly shove the last scallop quickly down my throat...but thankfully I realized there was more to come - my entree.I ordered the pork with mushrooms, mashed sweet potatoes and brussel sprouts.  Yes, the pork was succulent and perfect, but what I never expected was the garlic, sweet heaven from those perfect potatoes, followed by perfectly crunchy, bacon-y brussel sprouts. If people knew how the French made brussel sprouts, they would probably eat them, like ALL THE TIME!We finished the meal by sharing a bread pudding slice that was absolutely perfect. But at this point, I had expected nothing less. Needless to say, I had an amazing experience, I would definitely return.  The service was great from the moment we walked in, up until I asked to steal a card so I can yelp about them. Not that they place needs anymore boasting, but it's also BYOB. Get here....like now.
<review# 853,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/20/2012,7/1/2012,97,123,,4,3>So, Hoboken Farms has started staying open until 7 on weekdays.  Hallelujah and thank the Lord!  My weekends get super packed with car shows and other events during the summer, so I can't always get into the shop for my mutz fix.  Now that they are open for dinner, I can dash in after work and pick up a tasty treat for myself and the man.Their plan as of right now is to have two daily dinner specials.  I've only had a chance to try one of them - the Monday night Sweet Cynthia Chicken Platter.  The meal consisted of two grilled chicken breasts over a bed of rice smothered with roasted red pepper pesto and mutz, with roasted vegetables on the side.  I admit, the thought of cheese and rice together is kind of a foreign concept to me.  It's like fish and cheese - not combination that should work.  This, however, was actually really tasty.  It's a large meal - one that I was easily able to split in two (dinner one night and lunch the next) by making a little salad to go with it.  The chicken was nicely cooked, though I would have liked it better if the pieces were a consistent thickness - hey, eating lunch at my desk with plastic utensils is hard, mmkay?  Still, the pesto kept everything super moist even after micronuking.  The roasted veg were delightful - not mushy but not overly crisp either.  Nicely seasoned and a good variety of flavors, I especially loved the fennel.  They also still serve their regular sandwiches, which is nice if you're not interested in the specials.  I know they also have ribs, spaghetti and meatballs, and a fish dish during the week too.  Can't wait to try them!
<review# 854,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/14/2011,6/30/2012,246,385,2,6,6>My boyfriend and I have been together for 5 1/2 years.  Prior to our dinner at Levant Grille, the only restaurants Jordan ever picked for date nights involved happy hour specials or drive-thru's. I had to wonder what he wanted from me when he suggested a BYOB Mediterranean restaurant.  I became even more skeptical as we walked up to the front of Levant and saw the beautiful set up!  The decor is chic and extremely inviting.  My first thought was "Wow, this place must be expensive!" but I assure you that it is not!!  Prices are unbelievably fair! The staff was friendly and knowledgeable of the menu.  I asked our waitress about a particular item that she was unsure about and she immediately went to the kitchen to inquire about ingredients and returned with an explanation.  The spinach yogurt dip appetizer was delicious!  And so was the bread that it was served with.  The falafel seemed a bit under-seasoned, but it was fresh and crisp.Jordan had the chicken kabob with bulgur pilaf and he ate every bit of it.I had the Persian chicken stew made with pomegranate and walnut.  I'm not accustomed to Persian or Turkish flavors so the first few bites were a little strange, but I found myself unable to put my fork down! We were too full for dessert, but next time I will try hard to save room!This meal goes down on my Top 10 Best Meals Ever list!!  And Jordan has definitely proven his ability to choose a good date restaurant!
<review# 855,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/1/2012,6/29/2012,205,331,4,11,5>I came to Hidy for the first time based on a tip from a total stranger who had a fabulous hairstyle.  When I arrived, I met Jay.  As other reviewers mentioned, he's a hair savior- I couldn't agree more!  Jay first looked at my hair- up close, from a far, standing up, kneeling down.  This guy knows what he's doing.  He first cut my hair dry, then it was washed, blow dried, then cut some more.  Jay was very precise with his cutting and used extreme precision and attention, something I've never gotten from a hair stylist before.  I showed him a picture of what I wanted.  He asked me questions and listened in detail to what I wanted.  My hair came out exactly as I pictured, and for the first time in a long time, I did not leave a hair salon disappointed.  Instead, I can't stop looking in the mirror and smiling.Thank you Jay. I will be back :)
<review# 856,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/8/2012,6/28/2012,84,82,10,14,9>Can I just say, thank God there is finally a spot like this in Montclair? We have great sidewalk restaurants, but no great sidewalk cafes of this style. I really hope this place finds a niche here.Can I just say I love the environment? We were here the first weekend this little cafe opened and got to chat with the owners. They used reclaimed wood for the flooring, and other environmentally friendly materials for the decor. Their goal after having spent some time in Paris and the cafes there, was to emulate the look and feel, while injecting their Brooklyn influence. I'd say a job well done.Can I just say thank God I can see the person cooking my food? I placed an order and the owner turned around, put the ingredients in a pan, and crafted my meal. I am extremely big on this because nowadays in Montclair, you have no idea who's cooking the food and if they care or not. This place obviously does.I had a frittata with sweet potato hash and a croissant on the side. All ingredients were organic and locally sourced. I loved the frittata but didn't enjoy the hash as much only I wasn't expecting the mildness of the sweet potato. But that to me is just a matter of opinion as it was very well prepared. The croissant also came with a small jar of preserve which was a fancy touch. On later occasions, I've ordered the breakfast sandwiches and they are absolutely delicious, especially the avocado one. Try it!My faves:- Bacon, egg and cheese w/ avocado- Croissants
<review# 857,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/26/2012,6/27/2012,980,498,6,10,8>I think it is a tad overpriced, but otherwise a good spot.The set up is great. They did a great job on the interior, as it is very welcoming. Not only a spot you would come in for a meal, but they've created an atmosphere that makes you want to stay awhile.Great service, and you can tell even the workers are excited that Newark now has a Dino BBQ.The Pork-sket sandwich the quintessential Dino order. Their signature brisket layered with cheddar cheese and jalapenos, topped with cole slaw and pulled pork. Yes, pulled pork is a topping. When it first arrives, it is very difficult to imagine being able to pick and up and eat without a knife & fork. Amazingly enough, it holds together to the last delicious bite.You can't go wrong with any of the rib combos here. I like a 1/4 rack, brisket & hot link sausage combo. Think it's called the Tres Hombres at other locations, not sure about that here. Some will say, "Ewwww," but I never say no to the Cajun Deviled Eggs. The Fried Green Tomatoes are good. The BBQ shrimp were messy, but tasty. However, I was having a hard time comprehending 2 notable omissions from the menu here. Syracuse Salt Potatoes and Drunken Peel n Eat Shrimp. Not sure why they didn't make the cut.They have an extensive beer list, and all at reasonable prices. It was the food I was referring to when I said I thought it was a tad overpriced. Not crazy out of touch pricing, just a few dollars over what I thought each plate would cost.Parking can be a challenge here, unless we missed something when we went.
<review# 858,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/6/2012,6/26/2012,48,66,,9,6>I decided to take an outdoor day with the girlfriend at the zoo, all the while taking advantage of a nice opportunity to up my photography game.  Having seen the Bronx Zoo already and Camden being a bit far for us, we settled on the Turtle Back Zoo.  If you have kids, you should definitely make a trip here!  The zoo itself is pretty small in total area, but it makes up for it by maximizing the wildlife within.  It doesn't have the grand scale of the Bronx Zoo, but it offers some encounters with animals that are surprisingly up close and personal.  A lone jaguar stalks onlookers, pacing a mere 3 feet behind a wire fence, eyeing your every move.  Bald eagles perch ten feet in front of you, making for awesome photography spots.  You can pet llamas, cows, pigs, and sheep.  The aviary was a very cool experience if you don't have birds at home...several domesticated species of flying creatures fly all around you, zooming and dive bombing in flocks, all the while stopping to explore these new giants in their cage.  I had six or seven little birds on my shoes, playing with the laces and climbing to eat off the seed stick ($2) we purchased upon entry.  My girlfriend hand fed them and even coaxed one into following her around for a long while.  Could be a great experience for kids, and I definitely had fun!  All in all, lots of animals, and it wasn't an exhausting day.  You can get through it all in 2-3 hours without rushing, it's only $10 to get in for adults, free parking, and it's close enough to home if you live in North Jersey.
<review# 859,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/15/2012,6/25/2012,105,25,5,12,6>i was blown away by my experience at Royal Warsaw. what an awesome/interesting night.i had my birthday dinner here. we weren't able to secure a reservation at 8pm because the place was poppin so we had it for 9:15pm for 9 people.we were seated outdoors and the weather was perfect - 70ish and no bugs.the service was above and beyond. best service i've encountered in a long time. our waiter was cool as hell!none of us were polish and few had ever had polish food but he patiently answered our questions.we stayed for over 2 hours and we never felt rushed.when the dishes were being served, the waiter noticed that one of the dishes was slightly off (potato pancakes with ground beef instead of a pork cutlet). he basically said, "this is the wrong dish, so take this one for now, it's on the house, but we'll bring the right one out in a few minutes." THAT, MY FRIENDS, is above and beyond customer service! my friend would have never even noticed it was wrong since he forgot what he ordered in the first place.one of my friends also brought in a birthday cake. a group of 3 waiters brought the cake out and sang Happy Birthday in polish with one of them accompanying on the accordion. i was shocked... haha.. and then they brought the cake inside, sliced it up onto individual plates, and added a nice touch with strawberry syrup. again, above and beyond. that cake was bangin.we pretty much shared everything family-style. the best dish was the one that came last - potato pancakes with a pork cutlet and mushroom sauce... it was really bangin. the other things were mad good too like the stuffed cabbage, fried mushrooms, the trout, and the perogies. everything was interesting and delicious. the bill at the end was not much at all.to add to the flavor of the restaurant, there were old polish couples dancing inside the restaurant and the table next to us was singing traditional polish songs. they also had a saxophone player in the restaurant which was very romantic.overall, definitely one of the best birthdays of my life. i will definitely go back.
<review# 860,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/31/2012,6/24/2012,110,293,,9,6>Ummm...yeah. With no dinner plans on a Friday night, we decided to check this place out because we love Cuban food and it's also super close to our apartment. I always liked the layout and space of Nine, so I was curious as to how this would work with a new restaurant and I was very impressed! It was crowded for a Friday night, and the owner brought us to the upstairs bar while we waited about 10 minutes for a table. We were then seated in the front area, and I was so happy to see that the tables weren't as cramped together as some other Hoboken spots (one of my biggest pet peeves about dining out). The service was phenomenal, and the waiter was so good about being thorough and answering our questions. The drinks were great, too. I opted to get a half pitcher of white sangria for myself, since that was $14 and a glass was $7. Well, I definitely left with a nice buzz. It was a classy and economical way to get a little wasted. And the food! Oh, the food. Loved the small rolls and butter, and we got two apps - the fish taco special and masitas con tamal en cazuela, and both were amazing. My boyfriend got the paella for his dish and was so happy with it, that he said this would be his go-to dish anytime we come back. I was back and forth on what to get, but I finally settled on the el classico (braised pork shank) and as soon as it came out, I literally said "Yup, I totally made the right decision". It was a tasty and generous portion, and I also got the yuca fries on the side and LOVED them! Some of the best I've had. They weren't as dry as they are at some other places I've tried them at. We'll definitely be back. In fact, we made a reservation on the way out to come back for my boyfriend's birthday to do the suckling pig special. With 4 days notice and at least 10 people, you get a whole pig at market price! Can't wait.So I'm thinking the breakdown of Cuban food in Hoboken goes something like this: this place blows Havana Cafe out of the water with food, and if you're looking for a down and dirty, quick good Cuban dinner, go to La Isla. This place is the real deal for a fun night and upscale ambiance with amazing food. Can't wait to come back!
<review# 861,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/27/2012,6/23/2012,189,210,10,19,11>A long time ago, in a galaxy far, far away................there used to be farms in Bergen County.  My old home town of Paramus was once  a rural town of celery farms; now it's the shopping mall capital of NJ.  LIke many Bergen County kids, I enjoyed going to Van Riper's and Tice's farms.  That plot of land is now occupied by Panera Bread and J. Crew.    But for nearly 130 years, Demarest Farm in Hillsdale has been a functioning, working farm.  Thiis is a family run operation in every sense of the word.  The farm has been passed down through the generations since 1896.  On my last visit I was talking with the girl at the register who had married one of the son's and was now working in the family business.  Demarest in the antithesis of every chain reviewed on Yelp.      Although there is a lot of nostalgia behind Demarest Farms, my 5 stars were awarded ultimately for the food!  There are many reasons that you should make a point of visiting Demarest Farms if you have never done so and here goes:  1.  The best and freshest salad bar in the tri-state area.   The produce is        stellar, their homemade salads ( fusilli with tuna/sun dried tomato, egg        salad,tortelli) are just incredible. The staff are constantly hovering       and refilling the items with freshly prepared stock. 2.  POTATO PANCAKES.  If you are a fan of potato pancakes, I suggest that you   set your GPS to this address.  Demarest makes the most incredible potato  panckes.  Giant, potato-onion-crispy disks. I love to take them home, reheat them on my Forman Grill (which drains a little grease and make them  golden brown and uber crunchy. BEST I have ever had. .3.  SOUP.  The homemade soups (made by these sweet Polish ladies in the back)     are all fabulous.  Yesterday was chicken noodle, lentil and vegetarian chili).  It      doesn't matter what day you go, the freshly made soups, which change on a day     to day basis, are all excellent.4.  DONUTS.  Cinnamon-sugar, powdered sugar and plain.  Buy one, try it and         enjoy the deliciousness!5.  Last but not least...........the fruit.  In the early 1900's, Demarest had cows, pigs     and cornfields.  The only remant of the turn of the century is the orchards.       Thank God that Demarest didn't sell out to corporate America and housing      developers and kept their land.  Their PEACHES are just incredible.  One year     we went Peach Picking (which they offer in August, as well as apple and      pumpkin in the fall) and were sitting under shade trees eating sugary white     peaches.  If you have never had a tree ripened, Jersey Peach, consider a visit  Demarest has a lovely, outdoor eating area where you can take your food and sit at one the picnic tables.  The also have an extensive garden/retail shop.  Plants are expensive but extremely high quality and sturdy (A peony I purchased two years ago is covered with buds ready to bloom)    Sadly,  Demarest closes for the winter months.                   Opening Day was April 26, 2012.  My 100th review:  April 27, 2012......after a visit to one of my favorite places in NJ.
<review# 862,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/16/2012,6/22/2012,151,162,11,10,7>Our mitsuwa is the largest out of all the other Mitsuwa's.Our mitsuwa is currently the only one of its kind on the east coast.Our mitsuwa has bus shuttle service to NY for $3 adult, $2 seniors/children running almost every hour til about 8 or 9. (depends on direction)Our mitsuwa has a great view of the Hudson river and NY in the back.Our mitsuwa has delicious green tea soft-serve ice-cream. Our mitsuwa's booze collection is worth browsing through.Our mitsuwa's line for Santouka Ramen is ridiculous on the weekends. Our mitsuwa's food court is a constant stalking competition to grab seats.Our mitsuwa's grocery items are generally a little more expensive.Our mitsuwa's specialty items can be hard to find in other asian stores so it's worth it.I love the new jersey Mitsuwa! it's the best one! I am not a fob!
<review# 863,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/1/2012,6/21/2012,170,212,3,6,3>I just love Sanducci's.  It has been our go-to place for years for family birthdays and get-togethers.  I don't love the setup of the new restaurant as much as I liked the old one (old one felt more like a trattoria and new one seems a little more chain-y, like a Papa Razzi).  Also, it's a bit of a maze/challenge to get to the restaurant from the back parking area.  That said, it doesn't detract from the food one bit.Lots of seafood and chicken options.  Also, a lot of pastas with seafood or chicken mixed in, which I like, because I think it's boring when you order something to get a protein in and it comes with a plain side of pasta/marinara, as opposed to having the protein mixed into a delicious, creative pasta dish.  They usually have a long list of specials, too.The restaurant does sell one brand of wine, but it's also a BYO, so I'd recommend Bee-ingYO if I were you.  Service is generally excellent.  I don't love the focaccia, as it's pretty dry, but I love the other bread and the red pepper sauce it comes with.If you can go on a night when they have the buffet, do it!  It is not like some cheesy buffet you'd find at a junior prom that is either cold or dried out.  They showcase a wide variety of options (usually a couple of chickens, a fish, at least 1 pasta, veggies, eggplant, salad, and pizza) and it is SO worth it, like $18.  Food is fresh and replaced all the time.  Note that the buffet technically does come with something for dessert (biscotti might be the only choice, but it's awesome biscotti), but that is not widely advertised.  I think it took 3 separate outings to learn that.
<review# 864,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/15/2012,6/20/2012,198,106,3,6,3>It's about time I write a review for my favorite downtown Jersey City boutique.  This one is seriously overdue. I'm a big sucker for supporting local JC business, so back when Kanibal first opened I was super excited to check it out.    Overflowing with trendy, unique pieces from the likes of BB Dakota, heavenly scented candles, hand crafted jewelry from local artists, fun greeting cards, one-of-a-kind refurbished vintage items... what's not to love?  Kristen (the owner) does a fabulous job at reaching out to the unique Jersey City clientele by providing pieces that truly reflect the fun, creative nature of downtown JC. Each time I've had an event -- from a hot date to my 30th birthday to holiday parties, she's provided the perfect go-to outfit and always offers an honest opinion, something that, as girl with curves, I take very seriously.  ;)I can't leave out the beautiful vintage finds, either -- a beautiful antique steamer trunk, a "shabby chic" desk, an vintage glass lamp, a refurbished chair with funky patterns... my apartment is looking extra cute these days! In short - Kanibal Home rocks my world and I'm SO happy Kristen introduced her fun, unique style to downtown JC!
<review# 865,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/12/2011,6/19/2012,169,317,9,9,7>Admittedly, I am not a Korean BBQ aficionado, but that's only because I rolled with peeps who knew what the hell they were ordering and I followed their lead. I also wasn't a vegetarian so everything was fair game and hella good! Right, so that was back in the day. Now I'm a vegetarian, at a limited English speaking Korean restaurant with 3 other not-Korean folks. It was the first time I EVER looked at a Korean BBQ menu, which pretty much read 'meat meat meatidy meat'. The word and concept of vegetarianism was foreign to our hasty waitress. I am almost certain she wanted to grill my face for daring to make substitutions. Eventually a loving, patient Nana on staff stepped in and offered to help me veggie-fy some dishes. [Nanas are always saving the got-damn day! go Nanas!]Korean BBQ ain't the place for strict vegetarians, but if you don't mind fish sauce/broth then you'll fare well. Nana hooked me up with the following:- Scallion pancake [sans fish]- Jap Che Vermicelli noodles [sans beef. This was my favorite! My friend found itty bitty pieces of octopus, but my face was already all up in that plate of goodness, so whatevs.]- Bibimbap - sizzling pot of rice with vegetables and egg? Why yes please! - Kimchi and the other million veg friendly free accompaniments. Yummers! It goes without saying that the carnivores loved their BBQ beef. All that eye-rolling and moaning made me want to grill their faces! We were the only non-Koreans in this shiznit, which tells me that this place must be the real deal. I also really liked their super clean, well lit space. Food is a bit pricey but portions are large. Also as mentioned before, they speak very little English here so forget about asking questions. Go with a Korean speaking friend, or just point to a dish on the menu, STFU and things will go swimmingly.
<review# 866,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/11/2012,6/18/2012,212,244,4,7,4>TIP:: Come on Monday night for their $25 Prix Fixe Burger meal, complete with appetizer, burger with fries, wine pairing, and dessert.This is what we got--me with the Tuna burger (shrimp soup to start) and my boyfriend with the Big Bacon Angus burger (wild mushroom ravioli to start). Though it seemed odd to be in such a fancy restaurant and ordering a burger, we weren't disappointed. The appetizers were delicious; my soup was sweet with fresh corn but hearty with tiny diced potatoes and chunks of shrimp, while his ravioli was stuffed and covered in wild mushrooms and red wine reduction with whole cherry tomatoes. That ravioli was to die for! The burgers were also delicious and hearty. My tuna burger came with homemade guacamole and you could truly taste the unique flavor of the fish (rather than the normal fish burger that's charred until it just tastes like a normal burger...). His was draped in cheese and bacon--enough said, right? The wine pairings were also very tasty, though I don't know much about wine pairings to make an accurate review. I gotta get on that...Lastly, the desserts were basically samplings of their normal desserts (I'm assuming): Tiramisu, lemon tart, macarons, carrot cake, and a cream puff. Yum! Perfect little bites for the end of a very big meal.After that, I'd definitely come back and try their normal menu. Beautiful restaurant (almost looks like a rich person's house on the inside!) with great service and delicious food.
<review# 867,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/27/2012,6/17/2012,43,21,1,5,4>Hands down, Stew's is my "go-to" place for wine and beer. Best liquor store in the area with such an incredibly large variety of wine. The only place around that carries several different brands of Falanghina - and my favorite Sauvignon Blanc: "The Crossings". I could get lost in this store just exploring wines from every country, which is why I love that each bottle has a card below it, explaining the flavor, strength, rating, etc.Staff is extremely helpful and if you look lost, they are quick to come over and help. I was hunting for an apricot wheat beer once and one member of the staff was happy to go searching for me. He successfully found this random brew, which very few stores in my area carry. I haven't really shopped for hard liquor here, but the selection seems decent. You can also pick up some fantastic cheeses and meats - highly recommend the New York Aged Cheddar! Stew's usually has a few cheeses out for tasting, along with wine tastings throughout the week.I have never had an issue with any of the staff, and I'm there so often - the cashiers know me (and my favorite wine!). They are super nice, friendly and fast. There are some reserved spots for parking since the entire Promenade area can get really crowded Thursday-Sunday nights; but I've only once had to circle the lots multiple times to find a spot.Prices are great - hard to beat. I only visit other liquor stores when Stew's is closed.
<review# 868,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/15/2012,6/16/2012,562,226,4,9,6>Maybe I was just really in the mood for a burger when I went to BBP, or maybe it was just that good. Anyway, here goes...BBP is a busy place, but it is organized. You get in an ordering line and you face a giant menu on the wall. There are about eight types of specialty burgers to choose from at about $7.50 each. Can't make it easier than that. Next, they have sweet potato fries which I always get. Some were opting for the battered onion rings which looked really good too. You're given a number and they bring the food after you're seated.Once you've ordered, you go to a seat. If it's crazy busy, like this particular day, a server will create a line for seats and bring you to seats when they open. It's really good to do this, because I can imagine arguments starting very easily in a place as packed as this. I like the counter seats better than the tables, but to each his own.I get the burgers medium-well here, and they come out perfect: pink inside yet still juicy. The meat tastes of good quality, and no complaints with the bun. The toppings are great. I love the blue cheese/bacon burger, and also the goat cheese burger. The sweet potato fries are that nice combo of sweet/salty and perfect for sharing.   On a closing note, this mall is a nice place to shop, and for lunch they also have a Whole Foods and a fast food style chicken/hibachi grill that I also like. Plenty of free parking.
<review# 869,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/1/2012,6/15/2012,158,211,3,8,4>5/5 for the food. 3.5/5 for the service. I'm waiting for the day I can give this is a 5-stars. From my experience at Mompou, I'm kind of disappointed that it doesn't have 4 stars. I've only been there once and I suppose I should wait to review it, but the food was out-of-this-world delicious; my close friend and I still talk about it 2 months later. I'm certain I haven't had chorizo this good in a loooong time. We got so many dishes that night, I have to think hard to remember all of them. For my salt-fiend taste buds, the chorizo was my favorite. It's sauteed in a red wine reduction and comes with walnut raisin bread - oh! to dip that bread in the oils and flavor of that chorizo again. When I say it was my favorite, the Pinchos de Camarones doesn't come that far. It's grilled shrimp with garlic saturated in oil and paprika - had such a memorable flavor. I dipped my raisin bread in that, too. My other absolute favorite dish was the Falda a la Plancha - an unbelievable plate of grilled hangar steak, roasted portatoes, and sauteed spinach. All the pieces of medium-well steak were consistently infused with rich flavor. It melted in our mouths. A nice light option is the Garbanzo Salad. I didn't try the Grilled New Zealand Lamb Rack, but a friend had nothing but good things to say.  We also had the Calamares a la Pomodoro, which I didn't really care for. The presentation of the tapas dishes are worth mentioning. They come in three tiered serving racks. The ambiance here is beautiful. I love the lighting fixtures, the wall decor, and exposed brick. The service wasn't exceptional, but decent. I know some people complain that it's a bit pricey, and I'd have to agree that it definitely is, BUT I was so happy with the food, I didn't dwell on it for more than a second. We were here for happy hour. Don't bank on saving that much money. Will definitely come here again to try a few other dishes, but also relive that chorizo, shrimp sauce, and steak experience - and now my mouth is watering. Thanks. P.S. For people who don't live or work around the area. The Ironbound is New Jersey's best kept secret. It's rich in culture. I haven't had a bad restaurant experience in this neighborhood yet. Come to Newark!
<review# 870,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/19/2012,6/14/2012,10,7,5,7,6>Having been a fan of Biggie's for more than a decade I was excited to check out the new location in Hoboken. I decided to head down for this afternoon's Rangers-Devils playoff game and I was not disappointed. This spot is similarly decorated to their restaurant in Carlstadt-- dark wood, big windows and lots of flat-screens. If you're a Biggie's virgin you gotta know a few things. +The Clams on the Half Shell are a must-- shucked-to-order and always fresh. +The "Galamod" is excellent but the spicy marinara and garlic mayo sauces take it to another level. +The Garlic Mozz Cheese Steak ain't Philly-style but it's a winner. +The Italian bread many of their sandwiches are served on is unbelievable. Just because the joint looks like a sports bar doesn't mean you have to order mozzarella sticks and wings. Go ahead and order the Sausage and Broccoli Rabe or Meatball Parm. Over the years I've never had a bad meal at Biggie's and their growth from a storefront lunch-on-the-run kinda place to a full fledged bar and restaurant is a great thing. This new spot will definitely be near the top of my list of places to go to catch a game. They have a bunch of beers on tap and the Brooklyn IPA worked out just fine for me today. At $6 a pint it's not dive-bar cheap but fairly priced for Hoboken. There are plenty of TVs-- I counted 17 or 18 from my spot at the bar. The bartenders are friendly and the staff is on top of things. Ownership clearly is committed to doing things the right way.  We need fewer Applebee's and Buffalo Wild Wings in this world and more places like this. Get down to the Mile Square City and jam out with your clam out!
<review# 871,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/30/2012,6/13/2012,46,86,10,6,4>Let me tell you, Hoboken is no jokin with Baja. This place puts all the right letters in LEGITIMIZATION.My girlfriend and I enjoy this place very much so. It's always that "fallback" place where we know a good meal and drink can be had. A typical night goes as follow:Me- Hey, let's go out tonight and get slizzyGynetime- Okay, where do you want to go, you know i'm pickyMe- PF Changs?Gynetime- NegativeMe- Charritos?Gynetime- Eh, not bad, but don't feel like waiting until I decide to start gnawing on my armMe- GHill, what's hood?Gynetime- Not driving all the way back to UnionMe- Baja?Gynetime- holllllllllaaaaaaaaaaNow coming from a picky person, there are several reasons as to why she likes this place:1. Food is type right. The enchiladas as well as the flautas are delicious2. The drinks are crunkjuice. Not only are they absolutely tasty, two of them will put you directly onto the floor3. Hidden quality. This is the big thing for me. Every single time I've gone to Baja, there have been like 5 people inside. I don't know about you, but I love the fact that I can go to a delicious restaurant, at any time, and nibble without waiting.LBD scale- 8. The reason, it can be a little pricey ultimately. All in all though, we will hit this up ALL DAY
<review# 872,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/14/2012,6/12/2012,299,312,9,13,9>Don't you dare be scared by the neighborhood!Where to start about MAE?? I feel a personal attachment to this place. Not only is it nearly across the street from me (local watering hole) but the service/drinks are on point and the food is exemplary. I find myself here frequently, if you couldn't tell. Either the "old style" drinks, whole roasted pigs, classy tunes, friendly service (JOE/SHAY), tasty small plates...or my favorite, the weekend brunches paired with stiff morning cocktails. Let me say that again, the brunches and cocktails are by far nothing short of perfection. I have had everything on the menu (several times) and have several "must-haves": FOR DINNER/HAPPY HOUR-The deviled eggs (3) are executed perfectly.-The pork confit is a MUST...ask for extra jalapenos.-I dig the grease from the chorizo rounds...mmmm.-Pork stew with poached egg. The poached egg turns this from YEAH to OH YEAH-Fried Chicken is made from scratch, the biscuits are too and make this complete (and me drool).FOR BRUNCH-All the cocktails. Ill repeat, allll the cocktails.-The biscuits and gravy are made like I remember (cause Im from the South).-French toast is made with brioche and maaaad tasty. Thick slab bacon doesn't hurt too.-Eggs Benedict is THE BEST I HAVE EVER HAD. Find out for yourself. FOR DRINKS-I always ask what the specials are...they are always worth a shot and never let me down. -Old Fashioned-Rob Roy-Gin FizzLong story short, this place is an up and coming gem. The three owners are young and with it. They are well aware of current trends and deliver on that. Say hi to me (at the bar) and Joe or Noah at the door, they will likely greet you as you enter.
<review# 873,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/1/2012,6/11/2012,195,157,7,13,8>Based on Yelper reviews I decided tonight was the night to try the place I've been passing almost daily for a couple of years. I think the name was what kept me away. It just sounded limited. But tonight that would change. Limited ambience is this gems biggest drawback. The salmon color walls and recessed ceiling lighting don't make it for me. But that's where the negatives end. A very nice hostess greeted me at the door and seated me quickly. Almost every table was taken. I knew this was going to be good. I mentioned this was my first visit and the server walked me through the a la carte menu and specials. One of the reviews noted the Lamb Shank with Mushroom Risotto was fantastic. So I went with that. I also ordered the clams in white wine and garlic sauce for an app, as well as some broccoli rabe with my entree.  I do get tired of salads. The clams that were delicious and tender were served in a hearty garlicky sauce that was easy to lap up with the table Italian bread.The entree lamb shank was falling off the bone and the mushroom risotto was creamy heaping and piping hot. The broccoli rabe was a nice compliment to the entree. The portions were very ample, wonderfully prepared and as fresh as could be. The problem was NO ROOM FOR DESSERT! I thoroughly enjoyed The Risotto House and plan on regularly sampling the rest of the menu. Oh yeah, it's BYOB! But hey, it's Rutherford. Free street parking after 7:00 PM. GO THERE!
<review# 874,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,5/22/2012,6/10/2012,2315,442,6,16,12>Spotless Dining Room  Friendly Efficient Staff  Excellent Fresh Food  Not a fan of soft tofu and all the tofu items on the menu described the tofu as soft so went on to order the seasonally fresh vegetable BiBimbab it was outstanding! The vegetables where bright, vibrant and blended well to provide a great balance of texture and taste. Artfully presented it is served on a bed of nicely cooked rice I stirred the bowl together applied hot sauce and had at it, this was a really delicious meal. The waitress suggested I apply a bit more hot sauce to which I was happy to oblige.We had the beef dumplings (second time out had the veg dumplings, even better) for an appetizer served with a dipping sauce they where a nice start to our great meal here at the Organic Tofu House. This restaurant has a nice feel to it and the service was very good so why not give it a try its not all about tofu.Eat well and you will feel well!  TY Lydia
<review# 875,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/13/2012,6/9/2012,94,105,13,13,12>Hunan who?  Hunan what???  I don't even live around here but I eat here, ok?  I die for Orange Chicken.  I know that it is a fairly common and almost Americanized dish at this point, but I look for the real deal authentic Asian taste.  You know that sweet and spicy gingery goodness.....I need the orange sauce to be slightly on the red side.  I need for the sauce to have  light and almost gooey consistency... NEED ok?  Lock it down baby!  They got it.  The chicken pieces are breast meat and it is crispy.  Real crispy.  I am also very picky when it comes to rice of any kind.  My mother is Puerto Rican so I grew up and continue to practically live on rice.  If it aint cooked right it could ruin a meal!  So, normally when I eat out I try to avoid rice and go with either a soup, potato, or pasta-whatever the dish calls for-just not rice.  But at Hunan I wouldn't have anything else with my meal.  I get the pork fried and white.  I love to mix that up with the orange sauce.I used to hang out with a girl that lives in Springfield, haven't for about 10 years.  I do clearly remember though that they did not deliver at least back then.  I am curious as to whether or not they do.  I live in E-town so ordering isn't an option for me anyway.  I enjoy eating there and when am in the area I will often call and pickup lunch before I go back home.  The re-heat factor is tight too.  Next day it still tastes good.  In my dreams I see Hunan as a 24/7 delivering throughout Union County Chinese Restaurant.  I may just never leave my house!
<review# 876,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/3/2012,6/8/2012,85,194,10,4,3>Upon walking in, you may feel like you are walking into just another local restaurant in Anytown Suburb, USA, but don't let that dissuade you from staying and waiting.Grab a seat at the bar and have a few drinks, and don't worry that it is cramped.  The place has unrivaled entertainment as far as people watching.  You feel like you are in a Real Housewives of NJ meets Jersey Shore establishment.  It's hysterical and will surely keep you amused until you get seated.Upon being seated, you may notice the chairs aren't the most comfortable and the ambiance, or I should say lack thereof isn't going to be very compelling.  But get serious, do you really want mood lighting and romantic music to scarf down a gyro.  My classiness might be coming out right there as I realize many people might get more upscale dishes (eg octopus).  I just went for spanikopita and gyro platter.  Possibly the best I have ever had.  The lamb was just incredible.  Not only was the food amazing, the portions are huge!  Like one person ordered Moussaka and it looked like a cinder block on a plate.  I mean that in a good way.  All three of us commented it was probably the best Greek food we have had.With no room left for dessert, of course we ordered dessert anyway.I am not really sure what it's called, but they were kind of small warm pastries filled with Nutella and served in honey.  Just sheer brilliance to combine all of this together.  I can't really put into words how good this dessert is.  Nor would I want to rob you of your sovereignty more than I already have.  Except, one complaint..the dessert had about 6 of the lil guys, but a few did not have Nutella in them.  bummer.service was very good and pricing was cheap, especially considering the amount of food and the quality.  Overall, great place for amazing food and entertainment.  Didn't even need to watch the final four on the flat screens there when I was in the live audience of a reality show...
<review# 877,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/25/2012,6/7/2012,130,375,10,8,5>Don't have time to write long review.  So here goes my abridged review in telegram format:Much improved from my last meal here many years prior (stop)Renovated bathrooms  (stop)Full-sized portions for the naengmyun and kalbi lunch special combo (stop)Brought home most of the kalbi for dinner (stop)The lady's daegu maeuntang (cod-fish stew) lunch special was delicious (stop)Decent banchan spread for lunch (stop)Would be five stars but for the kimchi (stop)Kimchi was way too ripe (stop)Melt-in-your-mouth ripe (stop)Gotta-throw-that-into-the-pot-and-make-kimchi jigae ripe (stop)Also can't forget to add a can of tuna or mackerel into the kimchi jigae (stop)no shame if you know what I am referring (stop)korean-american pride, mofo (stop)what was I talking about? (stop)oh yes, 4 stars for this place
<review# 878,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/17/2011,6/6/2012,209,524,5,8,6>We visited this restaurant in the Iron Bound district for a birthday celebration, six suburbanites finally making the ride to Newark in search of a great dinner.  And it indeed was *great*. The dining room as others have written is loud and filled with people of all ages: hipsters, old folks and young kids.  It's like a big wedding with long communal tables, altho that evening there was no live music and I've rarely seen a soccer game on TV at a wedding!  While waiting for them to clear and set our places we spotted several plates of flaming sausage coming out, never saw an appetizer served flambee before so right there that made the first decision easy :)  We ordered pitchers of Sangria and Heineken.  Be careful of the Sangria, it's not just wine in there; we speculated maybe quite a bit of Calvados was along for the ride.  After devouring fresh bread, cold fried fish cakes and other mysterious goodies that came compliments of the house, we started with scallops in bacon, stuffed crab, shrimp and naturally plenty of the flaming sausage. We had time to polish those off and chat for a while, then we received our roast suckling pig, veal chops and baked cod dishes.  All were delicious, enormous and extremely reasonably priced at $17-20.  The pig came with a very interesting garlicy sauce in a little gravy boat. I have to say the roast pig is a bit of an acquired taste, it's absolutely nothing like a Christmas ham.  The chops came with a huge platter of white rice *and* french fries.  Cod was baked in a tomato, onion and pepper sauce that was just plain great.   I think it's utterly safe to say that each entree can feed two grown men but of course we didn't know that when we ordered. Our waiter was totally friendly to us, men who barely know how to say thank-you in Portuguese (it might be "obrigado"), and did his best to explain the menu but between his accent and the volume of the room we didn't understand too many details.  No matter!  Service was attentive despite the large number of other customers.  While uneasily surveying the vast amount of food we had not managed to finish we noticed that nobody was leaving .. all the tables seemed to have settled in for the evening.  We finished with a bit of dessert and some hilarious moments ensued as our waiter tried to explain the difference between Sawdust (really that's the word on the menu), Grandmother's dessert and the house dessert ("it's the same as the other one, but different!").  On the way out we finally saw the bar area (didn't visit) and while walking back to the car we noticed their parking lot, we had parked on the street.In short I thought was a great family place, fairly priced with yummy food, nice service and very friendly to English speakers.
<review# 879,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/15/2012,6/5/2012,151,128,7,8,8>Finally came here after many replies from Yelpers when told where I live they say. "Have you ever been to New Park Tavern?" "No." "Awww, you should definitely check it out!" "I will" Well I finally did and I gotta say so not what I expected for the area it is in. When I got in the first thing I heard was Thin Lizzy. "The Boys Are Back In Town"? On West Side and Communipaw? Am I in the right part of Jersey City? Yes I am because this place is literally a five min walk from my home. This may be my new favorite joint. This place has a juke box with excellent selections and a great local vibe going. Seats in the rear section for those that prefer to sit and a nice long bar up front for those like me who prefer to belly up. Devils game one was on this night and there were a number of Devils fans watching the game to add to the vibe of the place. I love it when a bar is behind a sporting event. Really brings people together. The bartender was a really cool guy who explained the "expansive" menu to me. "Burger or corn beef sand-which". Hmmm. Having heard and read the legend of the burger I went with that. Okay, first bite. Holy S***! That's good beef. I don't know if its that the bartender hand rolls the beef or what. They may put crack in it, I don't know! The burger was AWESOME! Yes it takes awhile for it to come become the solo bartender is also cooking your food. The fries are also fantastic. To quote the patron next to me "These are the best effing fries I've ever had!"Touche to my fellow Yelpers on the insistence of me trying this place. This is an instant classic to be visited time and time again. In fact I may go back right now.
<review# 880,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/16/2012,6/3/2012,18,127,5,8,7>"Yeah, people don't usually leave here hungry...." the manager of Hat City Kitchen said with a grin as he left our check and noticed the painful food comas that my girlfriend and I had been put into.Hat City Kitchen is a real gem of a place located in a more or less rundown neighborhood. From the outside it looks like a dive bar, on the inside like an old New Orleans jazz club. There is a medium-sized bar, and a performance stage set up on the far end with tables in front of it. We sat down at one of these tables and were incredibly courteously notified that since music starts at 10pm on Friday nights (we arrived around 9:30) we would have to pay a cover charge. Since we were aiming to keep our budget in check we opted to eat in the back dining room.....yes, yes, this loses the NOLA jazz charm of the front room as it is sparsely decorated but the food is still awesome and you can still hear the live music very well.The food is excellent and affordable. We shared the mussels to start which I highly recommend and the breaded catfish bites. I had the jambalaya for my entree which was GIGANTIC (seriously, if you order this - forego the appetizer) and my girlfriend had the maple honey-dripped fried chicken which was equally awesome. We shared the mac and cheese which was literally some of the best M&C I've ever had in recent memory. ORDER IT! The food is very very filling so watch out, because they have an awesome dessert menu too!Our waiter was so awesome and kept us feeling more than welcome the entire night.My only criticism is the somewhat limited nature of the entree menu.....I would've liked to see some really authentic creole cuisine on here, but alas to my disappointment there was no étouffée or gumbo to be found. But hey, it's New Jersey..... I mean you have to step back out onto the street sometime anyway.Just a quick note, "Groupon NOW" has a $25 for $50 deal that sometimes appears for Hat City Kitchen. Go look for it!
<review# 881,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/15/2012,6/2/2012,395,537,3,8,5>Excellent groomers within a boutique and adorable shop! No cages, which is very important, and decent prices. Took my 1 year old Corgi here for a full service bath, which includes nail trim, teeth brushing, etc. for $35. That's exactly what we paid in California, and seemed to be competitive for what's around the area. She was squeaky clean and happy when we picked her up!In addition to grooming and bathing services, this place is an adorable store with tons of unique dog toys, adorable fashion collars, leashes & accessories, and a little bakery full of yummy (so says my pup) doggie treats! The staff is young and cutting-edge, but very friendly and happy to answer questions.
<review# 882,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/21/2011,6/1/2012,129,256,5,13,7>Nightlife reviewSon Cubano represents a large leap forward in terms of local nightlife in the immediate area. A winning combination of style and views, Son Cubano does correctly what so many other bars have failed to accomplish. I've been here twice over the past month or so; both times, the place was moderately packed, but still easy enough to get to one of the two bars.ArrivalThere's valet parking available near the door, but with plenty of free street parking to be had just a half a block away, the valet service seemed a bit pretentious. No artificial line at the door, and no cover.Inside"Dark" was my immediate impression upon entering the establishment. I could hardly see my path into the main room, but it was far from creepy. The main room houses a very large circular bar and several tables (since this is a restaurant during the day). Luckily the tables weren't VIP only at night, so it was easy enough to grab an open one and bring drinks back and chat. The main room had nice views of the NYC skyline, and while music was playing, not many people were dancingIn between the 1st and 2nd room was a small section of space where the DJ was housed, and where people gathered to dance. Even here, not a huge # of people dancing. It seemed to be mostly an older crowd (guys in their 40s-50s, women in their 20s-30s).  I almost deducted a star because of the presence of a drummer, who tried to drum along with popular dance/electro songs. Please, never again.The 2nd room had more tables and a smaller bar. It was much less crowded than the 1st area, and people were dancing here and there. Drinks were priced reasonably, and service from the bartenders was consistently quick.Music was mostly latin themed, ranging from Salsa to Merengue to Reggaeton. Non-Latin music was also played (rap / house).General attire was a bit more upscale than most Hoboken bars. Guys generally wore slacks and dress shirts, and quite a few sported blazers. Women ranged from jeans/nice tops to short dresses.Final thoughtsThis seems to be a good alternative if you have grown tired of the scene in Hoboken. Get there early for some dinner, and stay for drinks and music. Also a great spot for a first date, since you have the ability to find a corner and chat without the pushing and shoving that is associated with a crowded bar.4.5 stars out of 5 (-0.5 for the location; a bit out of the way from anything else)
<review# 883,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/9/2012,5/31/2012,141,236,1,6,3>I don't usually go for Italian food. The college days got to me. But this place really shines a light in dark ... very dark times. Cold pizza and meatballs can do many things to your opinion of Italian food and it's somewhat traumatic. But, it was Carmine's that completely changed my mind and I actually started craving for Italian every now and then. I've lived near Carmine's for years and I pass by it almost every day but I never bothered to go inside and buy anything until a few of my relatives got some linguini and veal parmigiana and one of their sandwiches to-go. My jaw dropped. Partially because their sandwich was so big but also because it was so good and I've lived by it for so long. I thought it'd be the typical Jersey City Italian take-out but this is really something else. It feels like home (even though I'm far from Italian) and everything tastes as if it took lots of effort and time to make. I'm no fan of alfredo but their chicken alfredo was really good. Creamy, but by no means boring. I love their meats. Always tender and juicy. Their veal parmigiana is to die for. They give you large portions for very reasonable prices, perfect lunch. The only bad part about it is that they close pretty early. I think around 6 and even earlier on the weekends. But I suppose it's a good thing to not eat this stuff so late at night. P.S. Just stay away from the potato salad, don't even look at it, and get more pasta instead.
<review# 884,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/23/2012,5/30/2012,48,78,4,6,5>So I have lived in Wayne for about 2 years.I have passed by this place a couple of times and thought it was an ice cream store.One day, I saw a sign that said they sell Mr. Cupcake cupcakes so we decided to drop by and get some when we were meeting some friends.Its about 11:30 in the morning and I am starving at this point.I go in and I see the menu and my mouth is watering!BBQ pork, BBQ chicken, Texas weiners, chilli, etc.!Since we were late, we couldnt eat there.But I vowed that I would come back.Well I did go back and I had the pulled pork, pulled chicken sammich and the texas weiners.All really good!The hot dogs had this chilli on it and it was fantastic.I cant believe I never ate here and I have been in Wayne for 2 years.All those missed sammiches...I will definately keep going back and I am also wating for the weather to get warmer for some home made ice cream as well.
<review# 885,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/26/2012,5/29/2012,22,53,1,9,4>Skinner's is a great place close to the Grove Street PATH if you're looking for an casual-elegant meal. Good for dates, brunch, or having a drink at the bar. The space upstairs gives some privacy in seating, whereas the downstairs is tight. The manager/staff is classy. I once came here for brunch with the girlfriends. Two of them ordered one of the egg dishes -- perhaps it was the Eggs Benedict -- and asked to replace the bacon with avocados (they didn't eat bacon). The waitress neglected to mention that they would be charged a couple bucks for the substitution. When my friends addressed it after the bill came, the waitress calmly explained that it had to be treated like a side order, but went to the manager who took it off the bill without a hint of attitude. Then, afterwards, both the manager and waitress warmly said goodbye to us when we left.  Yes, ideally, that's how all restaurant interactions should go, but it's becoming rare to see such great customer service, so I have to reinforce positive beavior! Ok, now for the food. Here's what I've tried:Brunch -- They bring a complimentary basket with mini muffins , biscuits, and breads and butter and mini jars of jam. The serving ware -- like the mini old fashioned milk bottles (milk for coffee) -- is adorable!Cornflake topped french toast: I don't see it on the online menu but it was a french toast with a cornflake topping and a (strawberry?) yogurt filling. Holy crap! Crispy, sweet, light -- special. If it pops up again on the menu, I highly recommend it.Ricotta (blueberry) pancakes w/sausage: Also don't see it on the current menu. Light and well done, but that cornflake french toast was lingering in my memory.Tostada Ranchera: Standard dish you can find elsewhere, but perhaps a little cheaper than some places in the city ($10). Nice portion size here, they did not skimp on the avocado.Eggs Florentie -- Nicely done. Biscuits were buttery. Spinach wasn't weak. Eggs nicely cooked. Salmon was tasty.Dinner Menu -- Lobster BLT: Nice soft brioche. Fresh lobster, lightly dressed, but mine might have had too much onion. I would also ask to switch to regular fries over the shoestring fries because they were too thin and fried (sort of like fried onion toppings). They didn't taste like potato or look like the ones in the pics posted here. I got this for carry-out, however, so perhaps the kitchen is less attentive for those orders?Mac & Cheese :Sort of a grown-up, pasta sprinkled with parmesan interpretation. I like the creamy, cheesy sort of mac n' cheese so I wasn't taken by this. Also, it was made with a rotini or spiralini type pasta.Curious to try some of their other dinner dishes.
<review# 886,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/8/2011,5/28/2012,933,557,11,13,14>The windows are all sweaty and dripping from steam. Yes, the bagels are fresh! You can see them making it!You can smell them making it!Not a huge variety, but there's variety.Can't get my bagel toasted, which only disappointed me for a minute.After a couple bites, I realized toasting was not necessary.A few visits later, I can say they're consistently good.I'm no expert on bagels, but I liked everything I had.There's a consistent line that moves pretty fast.Cash only.
<review# 887,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/1/2012,5/27/2012,103,492,1,4,5>I've passed La Bouche numerous times and I always thought it looked like a nice little cafe. Today, I decided to stop by and grab some lunch to-go.I ordered the Goaty Panini -- turkey, prosciutto, goat cheese, apricot preserve, and peach chunks. First, the goat cheese really grabbed my attention. Second, the combination of everything -- the meats, goat cheese, and fruits -- got me, too... I'm a sucker for unique combinations. The saltiness of the meats, the sweetness of the fruits, and the creaminess of the goat cheese actually went really well together (I suppose that's why it's on their menu). I'd definitely recommend this panini. I also ordered an iced coffee, which was good.While I didn't dine-in, this place had a nice, cozy atmosphere with relaxing music playing in the background. I'd definitely bring friends here to grab a bite to eat. it was really small, but it didn't feel crowded.I'd definitely come back to La Bouche... there were plenty of other items on the menu that I'd like to try.
<review# 888,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/25/2012,5/26/2012,165,81,6,10,9>Come on Down - The Price is Right!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!2 main courses 6 side dishes 4 empanades and 3 pandebono'sall for $33 leftovers too!!! :) Call the owner crazy eddie because these prices are INSANE!!!!!!So what makes this place a 4? Well  its not their awesome mariachi band because those guys are rock stars in 3 amigos getup. Always a joy to see them!! What bumped them down to a 4 rather then a 5 and if their was a 4.5 i'd give it 1. The waitress - asking her to recommend a dish was like pulling teeth - I couldn't get any answer from her other then "it comes with 2 sides."  ugh! so annoying.2.street meter parking - ew, not a fan! (even tho i got a great spot) 3. ordered the food to go - 1 entree was wrong. See reason 1. went there at 6:30 on a saturday never thinking I'd get a table.I totally could have, o well, I had already placed my order.chicken and rice - was  good but boring considering!! I ordered the chicken and shrimp, but the got chiken and mushroom instead. It didn't matter because  This meal was a Frkn Revalation!!!!I wanted to drizzle this cream over everything and guess what?  I did  :)~The only thing I wouldn't try again is the potato in tomato - Gross!!Otherwise everything else  Muy delicioso!!!PS - it's BYOB - the liquor store across the st. completely over priced!!
<review# 889,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/18/2012,5/25/2012,188,267,3,6,4>I've been ordering take-out from here for about a month now that they've finally (and thankfully) popped up on delivery.com.I have tried the regular old Chinese take-out standards: General Tso's chicken, General Ching's chicken, egg rolls, shredded pork, hot and sour soup, wonton soup, pork lo mein, and the Big Chef rice noodles. There really is no difference between the General Tso and Ching's chicken, except the latter came with baby corn and green peppers. I appreciate that the chicken actually is real chicken, and doesn't look like some mutant chicken nugget on the inside. However, I've specified "extra spicy" and it's never really been spicy (I have a high tolerance for heat, but it was rather mild to everyone). The egg rolls were standard, but more flavorful than most and not at all disgustingly greasy like others can be. The pork lo mein was tasty, with a hint of garlic, and the noodles weren't too mushy. It came with plenty of scallions, pork, and other vegetables. I've also enjoyed the rice noodles, and for $7 you get enough to last for days. The container comes packed with noodles, vegetables, chicken, pork, and shrimp. Wonton soup was also good; the wontons were thin-skinned and fresh.I was not a fan of the hot and sour soup, which had entirely too much cornstarch and the consistency of gravy. I also did not like the shredded pork, which was presented nicely with lots of scallions, but very bland. However, overall, I like Big Chef. It may be a little more expensive per plate than some of the standard take-out joints, but the portions are huge. The delivery has always been friendly and quick. I have never waited more than 30 minutes for an order. In fact, last night it was actually at my door in 15 minutes, which is astonishing for 7 pm on a Friday night. The food always arrives hot and fresh , and nothing tastes like it's been sitting out for hours. Even the fortune cookies, which I generally dislike, taste fresher than most, with a hint of almond and vanilla.
<review# 890,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/18/2012,5/24/2012,72,167,4,8,5>OK, here's the deal. There has been a battle about the best Hot Dog in the area going on in my house for many many years. I have always maintained Rutt's Hutt was the best and my better half has always sided with Hot Grill. It's been a while since we had lunch at the Hot Grill so today was the day. I already knew what to order for my wife without asking; 1 all the way, lite on the onions, 1 frenchie with gravy and cheese and a large ice tea, sweet. I added my stuff to the order and sat down to munch. I wish you could have see my better half's face as she ate her texas wiener, fries with the works and her iced tea. It was absolutely worth the price for lunch. You know, the luncheon scene from "When Harry Met Sally" with Billy Crystal and Meg Ryan. If you want the best texas wiener (hot dog with chili sauce) in the world, this is the place to go. I have brought friends here from out of state and they have requested sending them their sauce that they make for hot dogs. It's that good. I also love their roast beef sandwich with gravy and fries.Back to eating healthy tomorrow...
<review# 891,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/5/2012,5/23/2012,262,408,9,12,8>Dear Powers that be....thank you for these fish tacos! The first time I tried this ambrosia was at an Elite Yelp event. Now, at an event they pull out all the stops so you're expecting good eats.They really brought it that day.Everything was Phenomenal (check out that review). But you have to try a place on your own to see how they really stack up. Let me tell you, the crunchy fried fish laying in a bed of crispy lettuce, pico de gallo, cotija queso, guacamole in a warmed tortilla is truly rico.No, it's riquisimo.Every time.Everything on their menu is good, really good, but there is something about these fish tacos that make me beyond happy.The food is very fresh. It's gotta be for maximum rico-ness. It's delivered in a box because they are 'green', my inner hippie thanks them, and you can wash it all down with drinks brought in from Mexico.Soditas are sooo good.Run, don't walk, to either the restaurant in Hoboken or get on line at their taco truck wherever you see it parked. If you see a slightly crazy eyed, blissed out chica noshing on a fish taco possibly muttering to herself near by come and say "Hi', I'd love to meet you.(You can thank me later.)
<review# 892,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/20/2011,5/22/2012,168,267,8,5,5>I swore I wouldn't write this review until I was holding a loaf of their sausage bread.  Today, I am lucky enough to be doing so.There is not a single negative thing about this place, save perhaps that it's so small the line extends onto the sidewalk.  Second street bakery is a legend - people come from all around, walk 10-15 mins from the nearest subway station, just to get this food.  Their sandwiches are delicious, mostly because their bread is far better than anything you'll find at a normal deli.  But their sausage bread is my true favorite (and it seems like everyone else's too).  It's just magical sex with crust.  The only thing that comes close was something similar I got on a beach trip from a bakery on long island, but it wasn't nearly so good as this.You must go here.  No matter where you are, get up early and go.  They sell out by the end of lunch.  Just do it.  You'll sign on here and thank me.  I am truly blessed to live only a 15 minute walk from here...sadly I am usually at work when they're open.Update!  I don't know how I missed it all these years, but she makes braciole, and puts it on a sandwich.  I just finished eating one, and it's probably the greatest thing I've ever tasted.
<review# 893,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/28/2012,5/21/2012,149,86,15,18,16>Great drinks! Good food! I came here with fellow yelper, Robert D., on a Thursday evening. It was an unusually hot day in March and it felt fitting to dine here. Their parking lot was full at 5:30pm but the owner was outside and told us to park across the street at TD Bank. It was fine without incident.I personally found live music by singer Dave Alen pretty pleasant and sometimes, amusing. That evening, he sang a mix of 90s "alternative" songs by REM, Red Hot Chili Peppers, Nirvana, etc. plus some Eagles tunes... especially, "Tequila Sunrise".Service started off a little slow but soon improved. I ordered a "Mag Wheel Mango Rita". It came in a tall glass (see picture), was very mangoey, and LOADED. I thoroughly enjoyed it. We sampled three appetizers instead of entrees for dinner: "Chicken Quesadilla", "Abuelas Empanadas" (filled with pork), and "Muscle Car Mussels" (green New Zealand mussels in a tomato-based sauce). All were more Tex-Mex than Mexican but very tasty and satisfying. The quesadillas were better here than other places in the area. This food is exactly what you want while you're drinking.
<review# 894,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/9/2012,5/20/2012,258,599,13,13,8>When I announced that I made my decision to leave California to go to law school in Newark, New Jersey, most of the comments I received from family and friends were of the following:"New York is so cool.""[jersey shore fist pumping guido joke]""Be careful in Newark, it's very dangerous."Yes, I even received that last comment from Oaklanders.  Hello Pot, this is the Kettle calling.However, somebody did mention that I had to go to Hobby's.  A transcontinental recommendation for a place in Newark?  I'll take it.I like everything here.  The pastrami and corned beef are seriously on another level, moist, tender, the fat rendered perfectly into the meat.  The downside to this place are the prices.  They seem like the prices they charge at the touristy places in Manhattan.  But for this quality, it's worth it.Mustard is good, pickles are OK, the only thing I don't recommend here is the turkey.  It's inconsistent and can be really dry sometimes.Can't eat here all the time, if I did, I'd weigh 400 pounds and be broke (broke-er? since I'm getting into ridiculous debt for school?)
<review# 895,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/10/2012,5/19/2012,849,201,16,15,13>i want to know when my last day on this earth will be. i want to know because i want to have breakfast at Jefferson's on that day. i'll order the fried catfish with grits and biscuits as my last meal.i may need to add in a short stack and some french toast as well.and some home fries.maybe some chicken and waffles...i need to do this just in case heaven don't have a Jefferson's. or hell for that matter. lulz.after coming here 3 times so far i feel a strong loyalty building. a breakfast place to be for those special days. like my birthday. or waking up with someone new that i don't feel bad about. lololo...O.Oi'm all in when it comes to the catfish, grits and biscuits plate. fuhgedaboudit. i like to take the biscuits and make little sammiches of the catfish, covering it in grits, dabbing a li'l hot sauce, and adding some grape jelly for that piece a la rayzistaunce.this place is a no frills, hole in the wall, mom and pop (pop Jefferson) spot. i say that with respect. the focus is on the food, and it is great down-home, southern-fried eatin'. the place is small, so if you come in and all the seats are filled except for one table that just hasn't been cleared yet, do yourself a favor and go take that table. not now but right now. if you don't, someone else will. i've only been here for breakfast, and there are still so many things on just that menu that i want/need to experience. and oh i plan to. oh, and you'll very likely see Mr. Jefferson (he's the one in the pics with the floating biscuits as you enter) pop out from the back every once in a while. very nice guy. and he'll start to remember you after a few visits and say hi and maybe spark up a li'l convo when he sees you.  nice little touch of that Southern hospitality. in North Jersey.FYI: Jefferson's is Cash only.
<review# 896,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/3/2012,5/18/2012,73,85,4,7,4>I've been to Rosario's a few times solely for their pizza and I've always phoned in my order and picked it up on my way home.  I have to say it's one of the better "non-gourmet" slices I've had in Hoboken.  You really can't beat the $12 or so that they charge for a plain pie.The crust is relatively thin and chewy, showing good color on the underside.  They sauce the pies well, not over applying which can overwhelm the pizza.  The sauce isn't the best I've ever had but I've certainly had much worse.  There is a good proportion of cheese cheese evenly distributed around the pies. When you get a toppings (which are a little on the expensive side $2.50/topping) they are fairly generous.  If you want to go the toppings route I would recommend checking out one of their specialty pizzas.  These pizzas are a real deal if you compare them with adding individual toppings to your pizza. I personally enjoy the Alia Casa which has chicken cutlet, sauteed onions and tomatoes.I would recommend checking at Rosario's on Willow if you are uptown and looking for yummy, no frills pizza.
<review# 897,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/9/2012,5/17/2012,483,180,6,12,8>After visiting Christian's I'm hard pressed to come up with reasons why anyone should cook steak at home...You walk in to a no frills restaurant, the only notable thing is that its spotless.  Large hanging sign above the counter displays the menu options, the menu kind of reminds the signs inside NYC delis or old fashion butcher shops. You place your order at the counter and your steak is immediately put on the flame grill, you sit and wait until your order is ready. Once ready, walk back to the counter and pick up your meal.I ordered the Chilean Churrasco, comes with:  yellow rice, vegetables and garlic bread ($15).  Everything was cooked to perfection and was very flavorful. I was very surprised at how much food they serve. The Churrasco was bigger than my rectangular plate,  overflowing at each end. My companion ordered a "Butcher Steak" with herb butter.  I had never heard of butcher steak, not sure if its unique to this restaurant, I tried it and it was delicious as well. All the meals on the menu were under - sit down for this... $22 dollars.  Service was very quick. Place clean, food delicious...  Christian's is going on my list of favorites.
<review# 898,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,1/20/2012,5/16/2012,340,288,3,6,4>This restaurant is quaint, warm and romantic in a subtle way. The owner is very passionate about his restaurant and makes sure everything is perfect.We started with a glass of red and white each. Generous pours and the red was served at the proper temperature which doesn't always happen. They also serve chimay beer which they served in chilled goblets.Both cold and hot appetizers are served family style. The hummus was plenty and the pita served with it was tasty. Meatballs were just okay (I will probably skip it next time). We split the broiled pork chops with lemon potatoes. They were two big pieces and seasoned and cooked perfectly. The potatoes were a great combination.The owner gave us Greek yogurt and baklava on the house. Next time I will have to save room for dessert.Plenty of parking outside the restaurant and there is a municipal lot a short walk away.
<review# 899,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/7/2012,5/15/2012,474,598,2,11,7>Terrific value. Opa!Complimentary pita with hummus was a nice touch to the start of our lunch. I was impressed with the pita, which seemed homemade and fresh, and was warm and lightly crispy. I thought the hummus could have used a little seasoning, but it wasn't bad.We ordered the spanikopita for an appetizer. It was pretty good (but highly unnecessary with how much food was coming). I'd say it was above average.His pastichio was the highlight of the meal. YUMMY. He ordered rice pilaf as a side, which wasn't really pilaf, but was good rice.I thought my lamb souvlaki in pita was a bit less successful, but it was still pretty good. The lamb itself could have used more seasoning, but the salad on top was flavorful and yummy. It was paired with greek fries that were fabulous, which had a chipotle mayo on the side for dipping that was decent (a little spicy for my taste, but i'm a wimp). We both had HUGE doggie bags and knew that if we had been served those portions for dinner, we'd still have plenty to take home. With 2 sodas, our meal with tip was under $40.Service was terrific and the restaurant was lovely. It's not a romantic setting, but it's comfortable, clean as I've ever seen anywhere, and decorated tastefully. I enjoyed the artwork too.
<review# 900,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/8/2012,5/14/2012,383,500,6,6,7># of times I died by the hands of a bat/whip in Double Dragon: 4# of enemies I killed with a bat/whip once I acquired one: 0# of quarters wasted on Ms Pacman before I realized that I suck, all of my strategies suck, and there would be no way for me to discover the "ghost pattern": 12 # of times I questioned why Ms Pacman wasn't Mrs Pacman: 1# of times I attempted a Shoryuken in Karate Champ: 3# of laps I did around Barcade looking for Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles, NBA Jam, or Street Fighter 2 before I realized that they weren't there: 10
<review# 901,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/7/2012,5/13/2012,137,175,5,6,7>My wife & I waited excitedly for Friday to come as we had plans to go to Yuki Hana. We had chilled some nice German wheat beers bc YH is BYO. We arrived about 7:45pm and found a place to park right in front. But there was a sign saying "Yuki Hana customers park around the back", no big deal, we parked around the back. As we entered YH we were greeted by a few very pleasant waitresses, one seated us immediately. The waitress asked if we were ever there before which we replied, 'No". She explained the way YH works, very simply she showed us 2 cards, one had soups, salads & apps, the other had sushi rolls, sashimi etc. You check which items you want and she brings them you, easy enough. She also said to order in small portions bc we can be charged extra for anything not eaten. However, you can order as many times as you want. At first i didn't like the idea of being charged for not consuming everything, but it really does make you order more consciously and less glutton-like. She noticed we had brought some beer so she brought us a bottle opener and 2 glasses, she was very sweet.For apps we ordered salad w/ ginger dressing, seaweed salad, chicken tempura and shrimp ball, which i expected a shrimp dumpling and was actually a typo on the menu which should have said "shrimp bowl". Everything was really good, the shrimp bowl was 4 small shrimp w/ rice in a little broth in a bowl, very tasty.For sushi we order a bunch of diff rolls, we ordered a spider roll (soft shell crab), salmon avocado, spicy tuna (the reviews are right, it is very spicy), some other spicy salmon w/ mango and 2 others. We woofed down everything. In regards to other reviews, they are right, the rolls are heavy on the rice and not so heavy on the fish. Then for a 2nd round, i was stuffed already, 2 beers in and all that rice but we wanted to try the monkey roll (deep fried banana roll). It was really good, like a desert. We had a nice time, the place is decorated nicely, staff was really friendly, we left feeling satisfied and it's less than a mile from my house. We will be back.
<review# 902,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/2/2011,5/12/2012,69,155,4,5,2>Facts first: 1. BYOB - $5 corking fee2. Small place - seating for about 30 people3. Butcher shop by day, Steak house by night4. Full course meal (buy your meat - it comes with salad, grilled veggies and dessert)(You can purchase additional sides) Menu is limited. But by all means, that does not mean it's not enough. This is meat lovers paradise of fort lee. Okay... my overall rating. I should really give this place a 3. But I like this place... I can't be objective. I'm swayed by the little things. The owner(?)/butcher/only English speaking server/host loves his meat. I really don't think they are here for the money - because if that was the case he would rush you. But... he took his time, made recommendations, spent the time to bring out the raw meat before they threw it on the grill. They only rotated the table about twice while we were there. (We were there for a good 1 hour and 45 minutes) The service wasn't 5 stars but I knew it would be a slow and steady dinner so I didn't really complain. You need a lot of patience at this place because of it being short staffed... Side note:His mother is cute! I am assuming she is the support in the kitchen for the side dishes. Now the food... salad. eh. grilled veggies. eh. ice cream dessert. eh. The under season the meat with the salt and pepper on the side. Good choice... i hate it when my meat is too salty. I got the porterhouse. Delicious! (Sad note... he forgot our bacon. i wanted to try the bacon.)This place has somehow found a warm spot in my heart... but then again, it might be a wine speaking.
<review# 903,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/31/2012,5/11/2012,217,94,6,16,9>OMG, I can't believe a place like this exists!  The sole purpose of King Sauna is to take your tired, achy, stressed-out body and rid it of all those evils.So here's the deal.....when you check in you give them a credit card and they give you a wristband with a sensor and locker key.  Make sure that you get their online coupon so this way the admission will only cost you $28.00.You then go to your respective locker room (men's/women's) and change into.....well, you change into nothing but your birthday suit. If you have any hangups about being BARE-ASS naked in front of a bunch of strangers then this isn't the place for you.  But honestly, it's no big deal.Next to the locker room is an area with a sauna, steam room, showers, hot tubs and cold tubs.  I opted for a body scrub which is an additional fee but I highly recommend it.  Again, you're laying on a table in the buff while you have every inch of your body scrubbed and exfoliated of its layers of dead skin.  Your skin will really feel ultra-smooth after this treatment.Aside from the locker rooms almost every other area is co-ed and clothes are required.  Not your own clothes mind you, but rather a "uniform" which consists of shorts and a shirt.....white for men, pink for the girls.They have all of these different igloos/kilns/chambers (not exactly sure how to describe them).  These are all designed to make you sweat, which you will inevitably do a lot of.Then they have many different seating areas where you can just hang out and chat, play board games, surf the Internet or watch tv.  The best relaxing spots, in my opinion, are these enormous leather lounge chairs where you can seriously crash and conk out for awhile.  They also have a juice bar and a cafeteria where you can grab some Korean food.  You can also get massages if you'd like for an extra fee.  You never have to carry any money or cc with you because any extras are scanned from your wristband.You can easily spend hours here (I was there 5.5 hrs) and not even realize it cause you magically lose all track of time here.If you're ever in need of a total day of relaxation King Sauna is where it's at.......
<review# 904,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/27/2012,5/10/2012,1252,1131,4,7,7>Wow what a fun and interesting place...and I had no idea it even existed. I stopped by here after an event in the area and I have to be honest I was bit hesitant to go. Although finding a spot could be a chore it's well worth it. Plus it's a decent part of Newark so nothing to be worried about. After it was explained to me what to expect I thought it's going to be a dive bar. It is a little dive-y but I have to tell you it's so much fun. Yeah they have a burlesque show but it's very entertaining (it's done with class not dirty). The crowd is mellow and everyone is just having a good time! The bartenders were cool and their prices...wow...were great! I don't know if I was charged incorrectly but for the amount of alcohol I ordered per round and how much I paid...I thought I was hallucinating. it happened 2x so I realized wow, their drink prices are awesome (in the order was a martini and a Guinness). I do hear the their food is very good so I will be checking this place out at the next Devils game I attend to. I can see this place being a great hangout to watch games too because they have a few TV's and great prices! ENJOY!
<review# 905,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/25/2012,5/9/2012,314,240,4,8,9>Out of all of the Korean fruit and veggie bodegas in the neighborhood, I find myself at Tender Shoot Farm the most. The store is more organized, cleaner, and lit better than the other shops so I always gravitate towards this one.Produce is a million times fresher than what you can find at ShopRite and BJ's, and I appreciate the selection. There is always lots of great quality vegetables to choose from at great prices. The fruit sometimes isn't as good, but it is still an upgrade from the supermarkets.Tender Shoot looks like a haven for vegetarians, vegans, and raw vegans. They have a great refrigerated section that has vegan cheese and veggie protein and I noticed that they carry some raw vegan snacks next to the dried fruit and nuts. They have a good selection of organic products as well, if you are in need of Seventh Generation or Dr. Bronner's supplies. Keep in mind that anything that's not produce is relatively expensive, but that's the price of convenience.As far as the owners not being friendly, at first I found they were a little standoffish. I found that once they start recognizing you as a regular, they tend to crack more jokes and talk a little more. Is it cultural? Not sure but something to think about.
<review# 906,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/26/2012,5/8/2012,454,462,3,13,8>I came here on a Monday evening for dinner with some coworkers.  I had called earlier in the day to make a reservation, but was told they don't take reservations but we wouldn't have a problem being seated around 5:30.  There is plenty of parking in the lot behind the building, and we were seated immediately upon arrival.  The restaurant is small, but it's wonderfully decorated, with a pretty fireplace in the back.  The bar is small, but there were seats available.  It's a very cozy place, not at all what you would expect from the outside.  I was also pleasantly surprised with the beautiful bathroom, in particular the sink (I want one just like it in my own home!)Our waiter was very attentive and pleasant.  We weren't drinking, but the food was amazing.  The menu is on the smaller side, but everything sounded delicious.  There were a few specials, as well.  We received a bread basket, which I always welcome :)  We ordered a few appetizers (garlic shrimp, jumbo lump crab cake and crispy calamari salad).  Everyone loved everything.  I only tried the crispy calamari salad, but it was really different and delicious.  The calamari was crispy, as promised, and well done.  The salad was very flavorful, and huge - definitely could be an entree on its own.  For my meal, I just had the Caesar salad, with a side of macaroni and cheese.  I'm simple, but these items were very well done - the salad was light and the dressing tasty, but it was enough to be filling.  The macaroni and cheese was great - I would definitely order it again.  My coworkers ordered a variety of items (crispy chicken, fish and chips, shepard's pie, Dillon's burger, and baby greens salad with scallops) and everyone really liked everything - rave reviews from all.  We also had dessert - I don't recall exactly what was ordered by everyone, but I chose an Oreo cheesecake that was to die for.I am so happy I finally tried this place - I will definitely return.  It's a great place for a night out with friends, or a date.  The atmosphere is lovely, and the food well-executed.
<review# 907,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/27/2012,5/7/2012,156,84,21,22,24>Zou Bisou Bisou!What's that got to do with Cafe Paris? Well, it's French and that's what you'll want to do to those crêpes!The walls of this cute little cafe are covered with murals depicting well-known landmarks / skyline of Paris. Natural light enters through the storefront glass. The server was Asian and she might even be the owner. She was nice and gave us good service.On to the food/drinks (see photos):1) French Toast. It's got the word "French" so it belongs at Cafe Paris, right? Heh. The thickness of toast was substantial enough but not too thick. Most importantly, the middle had just the right amount of sogginess!2) Crêpes. I had strawberries, blueberries and raspberries with Nutella in the ultra thin pancake wrapper. These were very tasty and delicious!3) Coffee was rich, dark and robust.... mmmm a perfect brew to start your day.All in all, I recommend this place for a pleasing space warp to Paris highlighted by delicious crêpes, french toast and coffee.
<review# 908,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/7/2012,5/6/2012,187,239,9,10,7>$@#$!~%#.  How do you pronounce that?  No, I'm not talking about THAT type of word.  Exactly.  That's how I feel trying to roll my tongue naming this place. But in a cool, weird way, the name works. It sticks out and I'm curious.It's a hip store and great ideas for gifts for those people that seem to have "everything." Unique and stylish home decor,  cool and funny cards (let's face it, Hallmark is so yesterday), interesting gizmos and gadgets fill the small store.  As Steph Y.mentions, it truly feels like a part of MOMA stepped into Jersey.  Take a look and browse through the items; you may be surprised in what you find.I bought a pouch for my camera, shaped as a camera and I love it.   My friends compliment it and I think back at the purchase I made from the store. "Where'd you buy it?" Mix-see-ply-zik.  "What?".  @$@#*@#$! indeed.
<review# 909,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/15/2012,5/5/2012,171,196,9,5,4>Comfort food can be a wee bit difficult to find in Montclair.... yes, you can do it - get good and full (cure a hangover) at a place like Raymond's with an asparagus and goat cheese sandwich served on focaccia bread... yeah, that's delicious and totally fine, but sometimes, oh just sometimes... pizza and ribs sounds DAMN good.Ruthie's fills this void.  Is it the best BBQ in the area?  I think that award goes to my favorite spot in Bloomfield... so no.  Is it the best pizza?  Hell no.... but it's still pretty damn good, overall, and if you are driving past, your stomach is begging for pork, and/or if you are looking to escape those mind-numbingly painful crowds & lines in downtown Montclair, go to Ruthie's.  Ruthie's BBQ sauce is sweet, smokey, caramel-y, kind of tastes a little burnt (in a good way), it's a little tangy, and slightly spicey...it's one of those unique sauces that just goes so, so, so well with pork... ohhh yeah, the more the merrier, your pork sandwich will just slide down it's so lubed up with Ruthie's juice because you will not be able to contain yourself.. (wow that is filthy..)It's rarely packed.  Busy, but packed?  No.  Outdoor seating?  Check plus.  Summer time, for me, means bbq and beers and butt smackin'.   The three b's.  So take a 6 pack and chill out back with your pals, get the pulled pork platter, DEFINITELY get the ribs, maybe try the pizza (Neopolitan is pretty good, but this is the only pizza I have ever tried from here, I'm sure the meat options are probably banging)...Brisket just melts in your mouth... damn good.  Coleslaw is NOT weighed down in Mayo (ding-ding-ding, it has a red wine vinegar base)... nice and crisp and crunchy, goes oh so well on the side.  Mac and cheese is creamy and the macaroni noodles are nice and thick and never mooshy and disintegrating.The head chef has a bit of an attitude problem.  Ignore him, or better yet, do what I do and just make eye contact and DO NOT let up.  He will be so scared he will make your meal extra-special and tasty.
<review# 910,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/23/2011,5/4/2012,175,193,3,8,3>Best Brazilian burger place in Newark - hands down! This isn't your typical American burger - these sandwiches are stuffed with everything you can think of (cheese, ham, bacon, potato sticks, lettuce, tomato, corn, you name it!) The sauces on the burger are amazing and give the burger a great taste!Also, try the 1) salgados (Brazilian pastries) - order the pao de queijo (cheese braed), pastel de carne or queijo (fried pastry with ground beef or cheese) or the coxinha (a chicken ball), and 2) vitaminas/batidas (fruitshakes) - Not your typical fruitshakes, these are all natural and aboslutely fantatsic - my favorite, the pinneaple/mint. The only downside is the place is very small and the waitresses do have a hard time understanding English every now and then. Other than that, it's a great place to experience a real Brazilian burger!
<review# 911,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/22/2012,5/3/2012,100,158,4,16,6>If I could give Oradell Animal Hospital a billion stars, I would.We brought our 10 year old dachshund here on the recommendation of our local vet. Dottie (also known as Baby Dottie, Dee, The Dee Dee Monster, and Baby Love) was listless, vomiting, had blood in her stool, and wouldn't eat or drink. This happened over the course of 24 hours, and we were terrified that we were going to lose her the morning we rushed her to the vet. After she was stabilized and had some fluids, we scooped her up and drove over to Oradell hoping that they would get her well again. The "check-in" process was just like a people hospital -- triage with an exam by a nurse (well, vet tech!), then waiting for an exam room to see a doctor. We waited only about 10 minutes -- pretty much the time it took to fill out the paperwork and walk to the waiting room. The facility itself is gorgeous -- perfectly clean, nicely decorated and welcoming instead of sterile and unnerving like some people hospitals. They even have the waiting area divided up to cat and dog sections -- Im guessing that helps (somewhat) to keep things calmer! Everyone there was really nice and friendly as well. I definitely think that makes a huge difference in the whole process, to have caring and kind people helping you when you are scared for your pet, who can't tell you what is wrong with them.During the time Dottie was at Oradell as an inpatient, the staff called us no less than twice a day to update us on her condition. They did offer to let us visit, but we agreed with their feeling that a visit might get her riled up and then not want to eat or be fussy when we left. It was very hard to not go see her, but we felt very confident that she was in good hands there. The staff also worked with our local vet to discuss the various tests that each of them had run to get the best diagnosis and course of treatment for our girl.After 5 days in the hospital, Oradell gave us back the spunky little girl we knew and loved. We learned that the steroids that Dottie had been on for a herniated disc in her back (rear legs were paralyzed in December '11, she only JUST started walking steadily shortly before she got sick) had caused her immune system to pretty much stop defending her body from germs. As a result, she had a serious bladder infection and a nasty case of colitis. Combined with the care she got as an inpatient at Oradell, the regimen of antibiotics and various other meds to take home helped to get Dee back on her feet in about a week. The doctors did call us for about a week after her discharge to check on her status and update us on test results that were trickling in (some of the tests they ran immediately before the left and took a few days to come back). They even helped us file the paperwork for the pet insurance company -- most vets don't do that.A small little thing -- when they brought us Dottie when she was ready to go home, we notice they had given her a bath and trimmed her nails. While that's not something that we requested, we really thought it was nice. We have another 10 year old doxie at home (Scooter,  also known as President Scoosavelt, Franklin, or Dude Love), and I think he would have been TERRIFIED if his sister came home just reeking of hospital -- he was so miserable the whole time she was gone, i think it would have just made him crazy!We are due to take Dottie back to Oradell soon for an ultrasound to address the issue of a tumor on her adrenal glad (known issue, but want to see if anything has changed and if surgery is needed) and we look forward to seeing the staff again. Both my boyfriend and myself can not thank Oradell enough for helping us to get Dottie well.As a postscript to the story our of experience with Oradell (in early March 2012), as of today Dottie is literally galloping around the house, attempting to hop up on our laps (well, she couldn't make it even if she never had back problems, she's got short little legs LOL), and barking at every squirrel and bird she can see. These things have not happened in months, and I don't think they would have been possible without Oradell Animal Hospital's help. If your pet is ill, I can tell you 100% you can trust Oradell to give them the best care possible.
<review# 912,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/6/2012,5/2/2012,195,235,15,17,16>Ah yes, the great pizza debate. We Northeasterners love having it. Thin crust, thick crust, less sauce, more sauce, less mozz, more mozz, no basil, more basil, it goes on and on. Personally? If I was served the opportunity to eat only one kind of pizza for the rest of my natural-born life, then Brooklyn's would be it.  When I'm there, I am ordering the margherita pizza and nothing else. Frig the salad, screw the apps, I want the pizza and the pizza only. And don't ask me if I'd like to add pepperoni or anything else to it.  I am not interested. The pizza must stand alone! I've eaten 5 slices in one sitting and I am not ashamed to admit that. They don't call me a skinny fatso for nothing.The crust is not too thick, yet not too thin. There is just the right amount of sauce and mozz, and they are not stingy with the basil. It'll arrive at your table burning hot, so be careful that you don't scorch your mouth with your first bite. It'll ruin the rest of your night...I promise you.The service has always been good and I've never been made to feel rushed, even when there was a line out the door (which there typically is).  Great place for an inexpensive night of killer pizza and beers.Holy snikees! This was my 100th review!
<review# 913,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/16/2011,5/1/2012,337,453,8,11,7>This is a pretty awesome dog park. It's nowhere near as big as Echo Lake (where I usually go), but there are four things that I really like about this dog park:1. All of the dogs seemed to be very laid back / well behaved.2. Both the small dog area and the regular area seemed to get a decent number of dogs. (At most dog parks I've been to, the small dog area tends to be relegated to being a penalty box for whichever dog gets beat up by the others, like the Nintendo game Blades of Steel.)3. They actually have little obstacles for the dogs to play on, like little doggy playground equipment.4. The ground is actually small rocks, as opposed to dirt or grass. That's nice if it has rained recently, or if you brought a ball for your dog.I'll definitely try to bring my little guy by here again.
<review# 914,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/19/2012,4/30/2012,237,200,9,11,10>THROW A SLICE IN THE BAG-GIO AND TAKE IT TO-GO!Q: What's the difference between the Personal and the Medium Pizza?A: The Personal is cut into 4 slices and the Medium is cut into 6 slices.Q: I still don't get it, so what's the difference?A: Sometimes you might only want to cut your pie into four, because you don't think you could eat six slices.Does this sound like madness to you? This is not madness, THIS IS BAGGIOS!Jokes aside, Baggios does make a very tasty thin crust pie. This place is one of those rare breeds that make a solid red sauce. Consequently, their sauce has just the right balance of sweetness and spice. This is not the first NJ pizza joint to steal a sample of NY sauce bring the recipe across the Hudson. Want to know how I feel about that? God bless them for getting it right! It's great as a regular cheese pie, or if you feel like a bolder flavor then you need to get it with garlic. I like to take it one step beyond and cover the pie with pepperoni too. I can smell the pie before the delivery guy even steps out of the elevator. There is no mistaking this pizza for a freezer-burned DiGiorno pie.But wait, there's more!In addition to pizza, this place does great pasta too! I've been home alone and scarfed down a tray of Lasagna before Jerry Springer could relay his "Final Thought." On less selfish days, I've also been able to split that same dish with my wife. Another great dish is the Linguini Clam Sauce. Whether you get it Red or White you're sure to be impressed as every order is chock full o' clams. My preference has always been to get it done Red because then you also get chunks of tomato too. Between the chunks of clams, tomato, and garlic you'll feel like you're on an Easter egg hunt as you switch between twirling your pasta and searching for the nuggets of flavor.Ordering from Baggios could not be easier with their online menu and free delivery. With a minimum order of $10, their guys will send gourmet food from their kitchen and quickly get it to your home. How fast will they get there? Let's just say that they would give Domino's a run for their money if they still ran their 30 minutes or less promotion. And the best part of all is that Baggios can get it done without resorting to running over old ladies! You gotta love a business that gives pedestrians the right of way, but still manages to get you your order ASAP.
<review# 915,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/18/2011,4/29/2012,390,569,5,7,7>Pilsener Haus & Biergarten: classing up Hoboken since August 2011.I'd heard rumors of a new beer garden in town, but really didn't know what to expect and it's a bit far from the typical Hoboken spots, so a special trip was in order. The walk is deceptive since you seem to be walking into a deserted part of town, then you turn the corner and it's like a beacon of light. A beacon of light promising many liquid delights! PHB is essentially a colony of astute beer drinkers tucked away from the hustle and bustle of Washington Street, PHB offers a refreshingly different scene from those at other bars. If you want to catch the game, you'll need to go somewhere else since there aren't TVs at PHB, just good food, good beer, and a more authentic old school German atmosphere with a modern edge. The wait staff donned uniforms that included trendy suspenders instead of lederhosen.The beer. Let's talk about the beer. The assortment of beers on draft is extensive and somewhat daunting for anyone who is not comfortable breaking out of their standard beer box. There's no Bud Light or Blue Moon on tap, but there are a good number of American craft ales and imported beers available in bottles, so if you must have a beer you are familiar with, have no fear! However, if you're adventurous when it comes to beer, this place is your oyster! I sampled things I'd never had or ever even heard of and everything was good! I was even told that PHB was the only bar in the USA serving the Paulaner Wisen and it was delectable! Other highlights - like any good BG, there's seating at long tables both inside and outside. Kids and their families have a curfew, so if you see 'em don't worry - they'll be gone at 9pm. Food was excellent - we split the Wiener Schnitzel, which was scrumptious, and the waitress swore by the sweets so we had the Apple Strudel which was flakey, nutty, and cinnamon-y - the whip cream was also obviously homemade and not too sweet. The only downfall was that the strudel was supposed to come with ice cream, but ours didn't and we thought that was odd. It's not until I looked back at the menu now that I realized we were accidentally shorted. Whoops.The overall experience was excellent and I'm sure there will be many return trips!
<review# 916,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/14/2011,4/28/2012,353,180,3,5,3>In Italy for cena (dinner) you settle down at a bar/cafe and enjoy some bites of food with a drink and an espresso. Dozzino has brought that lifestyle to Hoboken.Less is more at this brick oven artisan pizza shop. Menu lists 4 simple sections: crostini, salad, pizza, drinks. Daily specials are listed on the blackboard in front of the bar. Simple ingredients create a great tasting pie. Good thin pies you can share with another person. My two buddy's and I decided to get three pieces + a the specialty crostini and share them. Perfect amount of food. Mark + Lauren where great servers. Telling us about how all the visible wood was salvaged from the original structure. A bocce ball court in the outdoor seating area in the back is fun to play while you wait for your food to come out. Pay with your credit card and you get to have your receipt texted to you via the credit card scanning iPad. Pretty boss! A great spot for people who want to drink and socialize while having a few bites of brick oven goodness. In true Italian fashion, this place doesn't really get going till after noon, they start making pies at around 1pm and have espresso ready at 9am.Walk on by and try it out for yourself.
<review# 917,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/5/2012,4/27/2012,54,110,6,11,9>I'm not a believer in being a member of a captive audience.  Nay, I don't know many people who are.  Sometimes, it's not by choice - e.g. the required courses in college, the gossip and fun-facts monitors at the checkout line in supermarkets, waiting at airport security, etc.  But sometimes it's by glorious joy that you get to be a captive audience.Case in point: bad captive audience - the Edison train station, where I used to take the train from.  There was a newsstand with a regular old coffee machine that sold mediocre coffee.  The waiting area was too small for the mass amount of people there.Case in point, positive captive audience - the Union train station and Rockin' Joe.  If you're waiting for a train, or if you're like me - a bitter, insomnia-stricken IT professional who spends one too many mornings in the unholy 2-5 AM time block working on the nightly backlog of tickets so you have less to stress over/grumble about in the AM - you might want a cup of coffee to clear the fog.  Coffee they do, and do well - different roasts.  Not in the Starbucks sense of dark roast = way way charred, medium roast = seriously charred, and "blonde roast" = just charred.   Sure, sometimes you want your coffee to hit you back like cheap Scotch, in order to make you more awake and alert by the bitter fire of strong drink.  No, they do it proper.  To be honest, I'm a "black, one Splenda" kind of guy so I don't go for lattes or stuff, but the people who get them seem to be happy with them.  When you're getting coffee at 7:10 AM and your day has yet to begin, it's hard to pull off happy.  The dark roast is smooth and powerful, the medium roast is bright enough but still potent, and the iced tea and iced coffee are cold and unsweetened.  No syrupy dreck served to you, unless you want it that way.  Special plus for their croissants - they get it RIGHT.  No, really, their croissants are very, very good.  Bo, the owner, gets points from me for breaking out of the IT world and still managing to keep some sense of niceness.  He's always up front and working hard, very willing to do stuff for you if you need it.  He's been able to translate my world-weary mumbling into my usual order, and it's always quick and ready.  Plus, when NJ Transit's got their B team running and you show up for your 7:12 only to hear "Good news, everyone!  The train will now be your regularly scheduled 7:42, and twice as crowded because of it!" you can at least kick back in a comfy chair there, charge your laptop, and get some morning relaxation, because heaven knows given that timing you'll get none on the train.I guess what I'm trying to say is, while Rockin' Joe is the only coffee place in the Union train station or easy proximity thereof (Dunkin Donuts notwithstanding) it is quite good for a coffee place, and merits your time and attention.
<review# 918,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/6/2012,4/26/2012,503,395,10,9,6>Sushi X made me a sushi believer! I was a california roll kinda girl, that dabbled in the land of wasabi but never crossed the trenches of sashimi. But after coming to sushi X, all is fair game!For about $20 you can not only have all the sushi, but also sashimi, teryaki, tiny egg rolls and miso soup you want! I think this is a wonderful place to get comfortable with your raw fish palate and venture out to see what you like. All the food is fresh, there are sushi masters making rolls right in front of you, the food comes out fast and I have not had one thing I didn't like.I won't even go down the list of rolls like the snow white, fire cracker and peanut and avocado ones that I still salivate for during late nights....but I will tell you that both sushi lovers and non-believers will find a common ground at sushi x and baste in the absurd gluttony it induces. Plus, just when you thought it couldn't get any better, the place is ALSO BYOB....with a liquor store conveniently located across the street. Yes, there is a God, and she made sushi x......then created Crumbs a few blocks down the street.
<review# 919,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/27/2011,4/25/2012,236,245,7,8,5>Three little words: Pan De Sal!  Believe the hype - these mini freshly-baked buttery rolls will change your life.  They're slightly sweet and complement savory dishes, sweet jellies, or...just themselves, eaten plain, right out of the bag.  I am not Filipino and did not grow up eating pan de sal.  Nonetheless, I was so tempted by the Yelp reviews and the intoxicating smell of freshly baked rolls that I bought a bag of 10 and used them as follows:-Toasted with some butter (more butter?!) and strawberry jam for breakfast-As a snack with some cheese, cold cuts, and pickles on the side-As buns for mini chicken and beef sliders-As rolls with some homemade soup-As the bun for an egg sandwich for breakfast......and before I knew it, the massive bag of rolls was gone!
<review# 920,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/8/2012,4/24/2012,1613,1387,4,9,7>Mmmmmmmmmmmmm....The menu is extensive, full of authentic Vietnamese fare.  And...they have Vietnamese beer!  We smashed up:Papaya Boat - Sweet papaya halved topped with shrimp & bell pepper salad.Curry chicken puff - Soft, buttery homemade curry chicken & potato filled pastries.  Crispy soft-shelled crab - Battered & fried, served with a mango salad / mixed baby greens & jasmine rice.Shrimp curry acorn squash - Acorn squash with yellow curry broth, shrimp, & potatoes, served in an acorn squash shell.Everything we had was delectable...dayum delectable. I'm def gonna come back to try ALL the other items on this dope menu.
<review# 921,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/9/2012,4/23/2012,182,493,3,3,2>You will always forget about the random restaurant hidden within a strip mall. Always!That is exactly what happened to Nagoya, which I would end up at a few times back a few years ago, but when I turned into this really cool guy I am today, I somehow forgot about my old friend.BYOB. Next door is a liquor store with some huge 33oz Japanese beers perfect for any occasion, but more appropriate for this occasion. I grabbed two for my romantic date with my girlfriend and entered Nagoya on a Friday night around 8pm. No wait. We ordered, cranked open our extra tall boys and got a little drunk while waiting for our sushi. We ordered a few standard rolls (tuna, yellowtail) as well as a Volcano & Spider roll. Everything was delicious as I remembered!I think the best part of Nagoya is the size of the sushi they serve. You really do not need to order more than two/three regular rolls if you're a normal human being. The extra special roll just makes you want to pass out in the chair and sleep at the restaurant for the night.Sorry Nagoya. I will be back again soon, but next time I'm sitting at the bar where the party seemed to be.
<review# 922,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/2/2011,4/22/2012,84,82,10,6,6>No idea why you're checking out a review of a park. Also, no idea why I am writing a review of a park. After all, how do you rate a park? It's just nature - trees, grass, hills... If I gave it one star would I say, It's because these trees aren't as good as the ones in Central Park? Or because the people who come here are cool. Or because the people who take care of the park do a good job? No idea, but this park rocks. I trained almost exclusively at this park for a marathon I ran earlier this year. For speed, there is a full track. For long runs, there is one big hill, one long downhill, and the rest is nice and flat. A loop of the entire park is a little over 1 mile.Well designed - 5 stars to you Mother Nature.
<review# 923,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/17/2012,4/21/2012,1550,325,,18,5>I got that 3:30pm phone call from my wife.  She was walking our dog around downtown Westwood and called to tell me that a new restaurant opened in the former location of Pourquoi Pas,  Plus, it is Mediterranean...with an interesting menu!  We immediately agreed that it would be our destination for dinner.They have only been open for a week.  The owner, Raphael (sp?), was greeting people and assisting them with their orders.  He, and the waiters, loves all the food and from what we tasted they were spot on!We began with some fresh brewed, and unsweetened, iced tea.  Just a heads up...they charge per glass.The meal began with an amuse of a salmon tartar with a thin slice of pickled onion.  As soon as we tasted it we knew we were in for a treat tonight.Next, we ordered 3 of the mezza.  Generous portions of tapenade (diced green olives), tzaziki, and a fabulous rendition of hummus.  Good mezza is usually a pretty good barometer for how well a Mediterranean style restaurant's food will be overall.All 3 were a hit!We were in a mood to taste various items, with the hopes of leftovers, so we ordered the haloumi.  It had large pieces of roast garlic, and a perfect garlic/lemon/olive oil sauce.  The owner brought us out a sample of stuffed grape leaves with a tahini dipping sauce.  They were served warm which was a first for me.  They were also smaller than what I am used to eating.  They were also amongst the best that I have eaten.Wife's entree was an almond crusted tilapia served with cauliflower puree, sauteed spinach and crimini mushrooms.  A very generous and beautifully presented entree! She loved it!I had the skirt steak with polenta fries, broccoli rabe, and tomato relish.  Another very generous portion and beautifully presented too!  The skirt steak was cooked, as requested, to a perfect medium rare.  The polenta fries were slightly creamy in the center and crunch fried on the outside.  I am still thinking about them this morning.Dessert was a chocolate souffle served with fresh berries and  I believe a chambord cream.  Excellent rendition!Mezza is a beacon of light in Westwood!I can't wait to return, maybe tonight, and try some of the other dishes.
<review# 924,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/21/2012,4/20/2012,980,498,2,4,4>Great selection, and very friendly staff. I am not sure if any of them know anything about wine because I've never asked, but I can't say enough how welcoming and friendly they are.They hold wine tastings on Friday nights, so my guess is they have some knowledge of wines. Also, they have an amazing selection of wines from all regions and all price ranges. I can poke around in here for awhile, so my wife usually sends me in with specific instructions as to cut down on time spent.They have a pretty good variety of beer too, but sometimes inventory is a tad inconsistent. You will find every type of liquor you want as well. Prices are comparable to any other places in the hood unless you drive over to Buy Rite.They have a small selection of grocer items, but no produce or anything like that. Just staples that you may need in a pinch, but definitely check the expiration dates. I don't say that as a knock on this place. I think all little corner stores in NY/NJ are the same in that respect.Any way, if you are headed to Presto's for a nice Italian dinner, on your way to a party, or just in the mood for a good bottle of wine...make this place your first stop.
<review# 925,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/21/2012,4/19/2012,30,170,,7,4>You must come here. I repeat: you. must. come. here.On the lookout for a restaurant suitable for dinner with the parentals, I came across The Cuban. Knowing that it had recently opened, I was surprised by the glowing reviews it was getting. It certainly lived up to the hype, and then some.We ordered the veggie empanadas, the beef empanadas, and the ham croquettes to start. We only ordered that much because we thought there would only be one empanada per order; instead, you get three beautiful empanadas for just $6. Just after splitting open the veggie empanada, I was immediately drawn in by its incredible fragrance. It tasted just as good. The beef and the croquettes were fantastic, too, but the veggie empanadas were truly out of this world.The main course was outstanding. The boneless half chicken ... right from the start, you're hit over the head with great flavor. Not sure if I've had more flavorful chicken than the one here. I couldn't believe it. I couldn't finish my sides, perfectly prepared plantains and a huge portion of delectable tomato manchego rice, because of the blissful food coma I was slipping into.I just thought that seating was restricted to the front of the restaurant, but hiding behind the corner is an enormous, multi-level back room, complete with a second bar that opens on the weekends.At the end of the night, I was so wonderfully full and my parents were extremely impressed with the choice. I guarantee you'll be impressed, too.
<review# 926,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/16/2012,4/18/2012,189,210,10,16,28>This is an update about diversity, acceptance and broadening one's outlook on the world.  And yes, it's a food review.  We discovered Juicy Platters about 4 months ago and have been back many times since.  My son has a good friend who is from Afghanistan.  Born in the US, but only eats Halal food.  My son had an idea:  Let's get Juicy Platters when I have my birthday sleepover party so that Yusef can eat with the rest of us.  Great idea!  What a cool, considerate kid I am raising!   Well, I get this brainstorm to have a  Chicken Wing Throw Down competetion with the kids at the party.   Blind taste testing: none of the kids know what wings they are eating.   We order honey barbeque wings from Juicy Platters, Wing Zone and Chicken & Rib Crib.  Hands down, UNANIMOUS winner=  Juicy Platters. 1.  Meatiest wings2. Fantastic outer crunch that gives way to moist chicken.3.  Best honey barbeque sauce.  We announce the Halal place is the winner.  The kids are like  "What's Halal?"  Yusef is beaming.  These 13 year old boys have been introduced to Halal cuisine and love it.  And then they proceeded to inhale the Halal Chicken and Rice Platters.And finally, a Kosher Carvel Cookie Puss birthday cake for the birthday boy .  Gotta love the melting pot known as Amercia.
<review# 927,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/16/2011,4/17/2012,158,296,4,7,6>My wife kept thinking that Legal Grounds was some kind of den of filth, because every time we walked by the awning looked so dingy and the coffee shop itself looked dark, even abandoned. But I believed in it, and I dragged her there a few weeks after we moved to JC.As usual, I was right. Legal Grounds is a pretty homey coffee shop with little tables scattered about the relatively small seating area. They make a great cup of coffee with little fuss, and the prices are better than Starbucks or other shops of similar disposition. The cook has the breadth of a short-order cook and manages to create some pretty wild concoctions with little more than a hot plate and a toaster. Depending on the season, they rotate some of their items to accommodate requests. For instance, in the summer, they have bubble tea.Once I discovered that they have an outdoor seating area in the back, I was even more enamoured with the place. I figure, once I spend enough time there, when I show up, it'll be like when Norm would walk in on Cheers. They already know that I prefer my mocha with whole milk. Mmm yeah.
<review# 928,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/21/2012,4/16/2012,81,39,2,2,2>Summary-Note: 4.5Pros: Oxtail, Cheap, Oxtail, TastyCons: Nothing glaring.I lived in JC only a few blocks from this place for a few years. I want to go back and punch Young Justin in the schnoz. Why Young Justin! Why did you deny yourself the oxtail!?!? In hindsight, it might be because the place looks slightly shady. Does it? I don't remember, since now, once every so often, I get a craving that can't be cured by normal means. It can only be cured by oxtail. This place has very very good food, well priced. If you want the sort of food they're dishing, it is 100% worth it. I imagine its the sort of quick joint that one either loves or hate, but if you hate it.....nevermind. You won't.
<review# 929,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/3/2012,4/15/2012,239,346,7,7,5>Passed this place dozens of times without noticing it and then a coworker told me about The Able Baker.  Well, this baker is more than just able!I am a scone aficionado, and am more often disappointed than not.  But not at The Able Baker.  Their scones are a paragon of scone-ness.  They are buttery, just shy of sweet, crumbly and moist, all in the best possible way.  If you are a scone lover, you know what I mean.  These are qualities all too often lacking in other places' products.  I have tried their cinnamon raisin ones slathered with gooey delicious glaze that's more like a cream cheese frosting, the blueberry, the cherry-coconut (yum), the cranberry and the date-hazelnut (which is my favorite but they have sadly not baked them again - please bring them back!).  These goodies disappear pretty early on weekend mornings, as I have sadly discovered.  You cannot sleep late and expect your tasty scones!Their banana bread and coffee cake are pretty damn good, too.  Service is friendly and the people who work there seem to love what they do.  So happy I found out about this place!  My waistline, alas, is not...
<review# 930,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/30/2012,4/14/2012,169,317,6,7,6>LOCAL GEM ALERT!!! I am all kinds of in love with this place, I just don't know what to do with myself. Cedar Lane has many types of businesses, ranging from traditional to trendy. Despite the eclectic mix,  this business row has been in dire need of something hip and energetic. Enter Blast Art Gallery and Coffee Bar. Locals swarm here for their java fix and quick nibbles. They know what's up, because the coffee here is LIQUID GOLD! I think about their fragrant yet smooth latte every time I drink my janky (but necessary ) morning cup o' joe. The space is small but cozy and as a result seating is limited.The owners, Scott and Sarah, are delightful and very involved in the business operations. Scott skillfully worked the coffee bar, while Sarah worked the pastry station and cash register (a Macbook btw). Blasts stocks up on goodies from the creme de la creme of local vendors, like Zoe's for pastries and artisanal bread from Balthazar. There is nothing better on this earth than pairing your liquid gold with a decadent brownie from Zoe's. NOTHING! 1 med latte + 1 regular coffee + 1 chocolate croissant  + 1 brownie =$12.20.  Pricey but WORTH IT, obviously!Be sure to grab a Blast Challenge drink card. Buy 10 drinks get 1 free. TRUST you'll want it because this place is all kinds of wonderful.Note: Park your chariot for free on American Legion Dr. [1 block away]
<review# 931,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/13/2012,4/13/2012,62,150,6,12,8>I think this place is largely undiscovered as of yet. It's located on a main street corner in Lake Hiawatha, NJ and is easy to miss if you don't know what you're looking for, especially if it's dark out.As for how I stumbled across this gem, my girlfriend wanted to have sushi one night, but let's be honest... after a while, sushi and sashimi is all the same thing and we've been to our favorites so often that we really weren't in the mood to go back. After searching for a while on Yelp, she came across Kazumi Sushi and noting its high reviews, we decided to try it out.Upon walking in, you're warmly greeted and seated. Drink orders are taken and you're given menus to look over. We opted for the Sushi Boat for Two, which includes 12 pieces of sushi,18 pieces of sashimi, two Regular Maki roll and one Kazumi special Maki rolls. It also includes salad or miso soup and the cost for all that is $50. The miso soup was easily the best I've ever had and was not watery or too salty. The salad was standard green salad with vegetables, including crunchy cucumbers, but had a nice ginger dressing. We also tried the wonton soup, which had a tasty broth and meaty dumplings.Midway through our soup and salad, we were given complimentary hot sake, which was refilled a second time during our entree. It was about to be refilled a third time, but being that I had to drive, I politely declined.At the end of our meal, we were given complimentary red bean and strawberry mochi. It was brought without even our having requested it! When we asked if they had any green tea mochi, they also brought that, free of charge.Exactly one week later, my gf and I went back, but this time with her parents. The servers remembered my gf and I from the previous week and said now nice it was to see us again. Once again, we ordered the Sushi Boat, but this time for four, which cost $100 and again came with the miso soup and green salad. The same amenities were given - hot sake that was refilled three times. After we declined the fourth refill since we needed to be able to drive home, the owner said that that if we were unable to drive, then he would drive us home because that's his job. Wow, talk about service. Anyways, my gf and I left early and as we were walking out, we overheard the waiter asking her parents if they'd like a fourth sake refill. Overall, the food and service were the same as last time. The waiter also told us "See you next week!" as we left.My biggest complaint about having sushi and sashimi in NJ is that a lot of times, you can tell that the fish was recently defrosted. Kazumi does a good job of avoiding this problem, tho the freshest sashimi I've ever had still reigns from Morimoto in NYC. However, I would rate my meal at Kazumi higher than the Restaurant Week meal that I had at Nobu in NYC.We also have returned a third time since I wrote the above review. Service is the same as always - free sake, mochi and edamame, but this time, we were also served a free sushi roll as we waited. It was the chef's choice and was tuna, wrapped in seaweed and rice and deep fried. I forget what else was in it, but it was a pretty decent free roll. Prices are very reasonable and it's a BYOB. It also never seems to get very full. Definitely check this place out! It's the best I've had in NJ, and I've eaten a lot of sushi! Regarding the freshness of their sashimi, the owner did tell me that they make daily visits to Chinatown in NYC for their fish. The effort shows!
<review# 932,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/14/2012,4/12/2012,186,1147,5,14,7>First of all, I actually moved to Hoboken before I had even heard of the show Cake Boss (this is what happens when you go without cable for like 4 years), so I definitely didn't visit this bakery for the show.  Do know that if you are a Hoboken resident you can bypass the giant line that often forms outside this bakery by showing the "bouncers" your Hoboken license.I think the cookies here are actually quite good!  They have an assortment of flavors, and often have seasonal ones (like for Valentine's Day, heart cookies, etc.).  I really liked these small star shaped chocolate cookies - it was just the right amount of chocolate and sweet. SO GOOD.  They also have a lot of shortbread varieties, which are pretty good too and just melt in your mouth.  I got some that were half dipped in chocolate.  Do know that I got like 8 cookies and the total came out to be around $6, so this place is not that cheap!I've had their red velvet cupcakes - they're all right, but I think there are better ones to be had around the NYC area.I think sometimes the clientele here can be pretty nasty -- this morning I saw a few people demanding why they didn't have certain cake flavors, and one person was like, "I WANT MY CAKE NOW" -- sheesh.  Makes for a terrible environment to buy sweets.My co-worker has brought in some cake before from Carlos' - the cake we had was pretty soft and the icing tasted pretty good (and not overly sickeningly sweet) - the fruit on the cake makes for an awesome touch.Anyway, this is a pretty decent bakery (surprised me!) but be warned that the line can stretches down the block or two.  Lines tend to be long during weekends and/or nice days (especially summers when school is out).
<review# 933,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/6/2011,4/11/2012,123,43,2,9,3>This is the real deal people!  if i'm looking for American Chinese i will order from TS-Ma in Montclair, but when i'm in the mood for more authentic style with a kick I look no further than Chengdu 1.  On the same token, I can take my mom here and she can order off the American side of the menu and be perfectly happy.  It is a win-win!  To the previous reviewer who talked some trash about the 'spicy baby dumplings:' they are not dumplings.  they are wontons and they are supposed to be soft.  The spicy oily sauce is not really sauce, rather it is chili oil and that is how it is supposed to look and taste.  they are absolutely delicious.  We usually order take out but recently we dined in and I finally got to try one of the sizzling platters - chicken with ginger and scallions to be exact - and it was so delicious and flavorful that I cannot wait to go back and try the others.    Oh man, now i'm craving spicy baby wontons.
<review# 934,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/26/2012,4/10/2012,110,293,,5,3>I'm in love with this place after only one visit! My friend and I stopped in for lunch on a Friday afternoon, and we had a fabulous time!The woman was very helpful when we asked her for recommendations. I ended up with the Quiche Lorraine, and my friend got the tuna and veggie sandwich. I loved every bite of that quiche. I seriously never wanted it to end! I loved the side salad as well. My friend was very happy with her sandwich. We both got iced coffees, which they just started serving. They were a generous size.We couldn't leave without trying a chocolate croissant, and I'm so happy with did! It wasn't overly buttery. A little on the small side, but what we ate was well worth it.It was a little on the pricy side. I think the small croissant was about $3, and our two lunches and two iced coffees were about $22, which is pricy but not totally unreasonable. I also believe in paying for quality, and you definitely get that here.The atmosphere is also adorable. It's great for anyone who is dining alone or with a friend or two. They also have free wi-fi and a very cozy area upstairs. I can see myself coming here with my laptop on the days when I'm working from home.Welcome to Hoboken, Choc O Pain! I'll be back for sure.
<review# 935,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/17/2012,4/9/2012,255,421,8,7,8>Ok, I *cannot* be the only person who gets that song from The Mask in their head whenever they walk up to this restaurant!*** They call me Cuban Pete ... ***So Cuban Pete's is a very cute, lively, tropical-ish restaurant on Bloomfield Avenue in Montclair. It's intimate enough for dates, yet fun enough for groups of friends. And it's BYOB, so plan accordingly! They can add your wine to one of their delicious sangria mixes, or you can bring a bottle of your favorite liquor & add it to a pitcher of soda. But they don't take reservations, so be prepared to wait on Friday or Saturday night.*** It's very nice / So full of spice ... ***Is it traditional Cuban food? Do not ask this Italian/Asian girl. But is it delicious? YOU BET IT IS! My favorite dish is the Garden Paella. Mushrooms, green & yellow zucchini, carrots, & onions atop a mound of perfectly cooked cilantro lime rice, with just a hint of fresh garlic - but the real prize is the chunks of fried plantains in the rice! Soft and sweet, with just a hint of crunch!The tapas menu cannot be ignored. Chorizo Al Vino is my favorite: tangy sliced chorizo in a sweet wine sauce. The serving is generous; we were still stealing slices long after our entrees arrived. Other popular tapas dishes with my friends are the Albondigas and the Bocaditos de Sandwich Cubano. They're both delicious, but nothing comes close to my Chorizo. I'm definitely trying the Empanadas & Pernil Con Tostones the next time I visit.*** I'm the king of the rumba beat ... ***The atmosphere of the restaurant is pretty lively - almost festive. It's definitely not quiet, and borders on loud. But the background music is pleasant and definitely adds to the whole tropical Caribbean feel of the restaurant. The employees all wear white shirts & slacks. Some have hats! Very cool.*** When I play the maracas I go chick-chicky-boom chick-chicky-boom! ***It always seems to be someone's birthday at Cuban Pete's. A few of the waiters grab instruments - including one very loud drum - and play an awesome birthday song! Now, I can't tell what they're singing, and surely there can't be 4 birthdays every time I come here, but all I *do* know is that I want to get up and dance! It's a very cool touch to what is already a very fun restaurant.So? Grab a cheap bottle of wine, a couple of maracas, and don't hesitate to dance your way to this awesome restaurant. I'll meet you there! I'll be the one singing "Cuban Pete" under my breath ...
<review# 936,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/6/2012,4/8/2012,299,312,3,5,3>Seriously, this pace is a GEM! I just moved super close to this place. It is by far the best ratio of cost to quality I have seen EVER in this area. I drive through this piece once a week. I am totally against any machine washing places because they scratch your paint. All you have to do is pull in the entrance. A team of people(like 10) wash your car quite well by hand as you creep through the building at 3 MPH. By the time you emerge at the end another team of guys hand dries and vacuums your car. The whole process takes less than 8 minutes at most. The kicker is the cost...  CARS - $5, full $9SUV's - $7, full - $11My girlfriend and I frequent this place. BOOYA.
<review# 937,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/6/2012,4/7/2012,19,132,2,7,6>What you have at Osteria Giatto is the kind of cozy, stylish, high-end Italian eatery you'd expect to find in the West Village..located in the heart of Montclair.  A wait for one of the few tables on a Sunday night could be over half an hour with reservations and the noise level is frequently a dull roar, which makes the waitstaff's recitation of the lengthy list of specials a bit tough to hear.  As soon as you're seated, the traditional basket of fresh bread and a dish of olive oil is presented, along with a plate of pleasantly salty assorted olives to stimulate the appetite. And, given the portions, it's a good thing.  The menu isn't limited to a North-South divide; dishes seem to represent all corners of the peninsula. And everything, from a ptich-perfect beef carpaccio and antipasta for starters to any of their homemade pastas (such as cavatelli with sausage, truffle, and pecorino or spaghetti with shrimp, mussles, and pomadoro) and a maddeningly good pistachio panna cotta, is fantastic. Recommended for those seeking a upscale Italian dinner without crossing the Hudson.
<review# 938,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/15/2012,4/6/2012,152,395,2,7,4>My wife and I usually try to go to Anthony David's for Valentine's Day dinner, but this year their reservations were filled earlier than usual. The hostess on the phone said by the end of January. So we decided to try Bin 14, which has the same owners and executive chef as Anthony David's. So my review is going to be a comparison of their two pre-fix Valentine's Day dinners, since this is the only meal I've had at Bin 14.It was Valentine's Day, so of course it's going to cost more than usual. The Bin 14 dinner was $65pp (Anthony David's is usually closer to $75, but they're BYOB). Bin 14 (a wine Bar) had some drink and wine specials, and a nice wine pairing for an additional $35pp, but that was a little too rich for our blood, so we just purchased a bottle from their wine list. The server was very knowledgeable about the wines, and even though we didn't do the pairing, the tables on both sides of us did, and since the tables are so close together we were able to eavesdrop about each type of wine they had.The atmosphere at Bin 14 is very nice. I'd describe it as "trendy-rustic." No blaring TVs so it's a good date spot. As for the food, there were three courses: an appetizer, entree and dessert. Anthony David's usually has four courses and also gives you a bread basket, so Anthony David's definitely wins in the quantity department.  The food at Bin 14 was excellent, however, I was still a little hungry afterwards. Thankfully I didn't order the scallops entree because while they were very good (I had a bite of my wife's), there were only three half-dollar sized scallops on the plate.My next visit to Bin 14 will probably be to try out one of their wine tastings or their late night menu which looked pretty good. But for a full blown dinner, I rather not still be hungry after spending $200. Next year I'm calling Anthony David's for a reservation on January 1 for Valentine's Day.
<review# 939,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/11/2012,4/5/2012,484,612,2,4,4>Sawadee is a Chinese and Thai food place near the Grove Street PATH station.  I would say that their food is pretty solid, but nothing extremely spectacular.  That being said, the food is good enough that I eat here regularly when I don't feel like cooking.Some of the dishes I recommend:1) Pineapple Duck Curry - coconut milk, basil, red and green bell peppers, pineapple, and crispy fried duck.  This is a really good dish, the curry and rice really complement each other and the sweetness of the pineapple really makes the duck stand out.  2) Curry Puff Appetizer (2) - crispy, soft, and filled with meat, these are delicious dipped in sweet cucumber sauce3) General Tso's Chicken - crispy, unhealthy, and extremely delicious.4) Duck Pad Thai - it's prepared a little bit differently here, so I can't really compare this dish to the Pad Thai you would usually get at a Thai restaurant, but it's really good in it's own right.  It's made with thin vermicelli noodles instead of flat rice noodles, which gives it a different texture and also soaks up the pad thai sauce a little bit differently.  Definitely worth a try to see if you like it better this way.Overall, a solid place to get Thai food.  I believe More, Sky Thai, and Sawadee are owned by the same people.  How to tell the difference? Sawadee is the largest of the three, serves Chinese food, and has a variety of alcoholic offerings, ie  Beer, Wine, Cocktails, Young Coconut Juice, Smoothies, Plum Wine, etc.
<review# 940,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/15/2012,4/4/2012,94,190,5,9,5>OMG. Or, as they say in Portuguese, "OMFG."The tapas at this place is absolutely phenomenal.Went with a friend for an early dinner at around 5pm (timing-wise, this was great as there was no one there).  We shared a baby arugula salad, which had these hazelnut-encrusted slices of goat cheese, a delicious vinaigrette, and thinly sliced bosc pear.We tried these from the tapas menu:Sweet potato and bleu cheese empanadas:  EXQUISITE.  Wish we'd ordered like 10 servings.Garlic chicken wings -- delicious.  Wish we'd eaten them first when they were warmer, but even at room temperature, the sauce was delicious.  VERY garlicy.  We didn't mind.Tiny meatballs -- our only complaint?  They were tiny.  Could've eaten a dozen more like they were tic tacs.Chorizo in cider -- liked this one, but forgot how fatty and greasy chorizo is, so not my favorite.  Flavor was good, though.Fried manchego cheese -- again, good flavor, but dude -- it's deep fried cheese.  Bring your own nitro tabs.We also both had a glass of their house Malbec, and it was outstanding.  I think a previous review said that the service was overly solicitous; they must've taken that feedback, because it was a perfect blend of checking in and leaving us be.  We didn't feel rushed, and really enjoyed our food, wine and conversation.  And what we had above, plus two glasses of wine, was about $45 before tip.  That's pretty darn good if you ask me!
<review# 941,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/27/2012,4/3/2012,2315,442,14,23,18>Great Thai Food  Skillfully Prepared Simple And FreshI keep searching for authentic Thai food and have been 90% disappointed until my first visit to Malee Thai Restaurant. This is Thai done in a Traditional manner, you ask for hot you get hot! The food is in perfect balance as Thai food should be, portion size is perfect and thank God not oily. Our waiter (Alex?) was very good and seemed quite competent filling water and iced tea glasses while checking to see if we where happy with our dishes in this busy little Restaurant.The Restaurant sits beside a very active NJT rail line, the trains within feet of you so it took me a few minutes to acclimate my self going from quiet to a train rolling by with the air horn blast, not really a big deal once you start to enjoy the food because your focus will be on the plate, delicious!Korp kun mark fellow yelpers, I have a new lunch hangout.
<review# 942,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/19/2012,4/2/2012,94,105,4,5,5>Yummmmmy!  I love La'Griglia.  Not only do they have fabulous dinners but you can get most of that on a lunch menu in half portions, and guess what???  The prices are awesome too!  Let me go ahead and recomend immediately bringing clients here, or taking a valued employee.  If you and your baby can sneak away for a quick lunch date, meet here.  Getting out early and want to treat one of your parents or grandparents to a late lunch than they would really appreciate this for sure.  And if you want to spend a little of your hard earned dolla dolla than dinner here.  Start with any of the salads.  I love caesar.  The garlic almost buzzes your tongue.  And if you don't get the cajun calamari you aren't living.  I do not, repeat DO NOT eat squid!  But oh man, this is to die for.  That cajun balsamic vinagrette is so good.  And it's so crispy it like EXPLODES in your mouth.  I don't like eggplant but every time I have eaten there it's been ordered and loved.The pasta is pasta. When you go to a restaurant as fine as this you DO NOT order pasta.  But whatever get the vodka sauce.  The red snapper, yeah.  Its got this crunchy outside so when you bite into it the salt from the snapper makes you think you are eating some kind of fish chip!  Than it has a beurre blanc sauce on it (I love when things have that) to bring it to that 5 star quality dinner standard.  I have also had the filet mignon.  Sauce on the side of course.  I have to be able to savor every bit of flavor of the steak when I take the first bite.  It has a red wine mushroom sauce that is very good.  A little heavy but it's really good.They have a really shwag bag area too.  While I am happily wifed I happen to know-because i worked there for a short time-that some pretty hot and single 30 somethings have been known to pre-game there.  So all my single ladies get dressed with your girlies and throw in on a bottle of their fabulous wines (try the Vespa Bianco) and try your luck here ;)For dessert I got the Grand Marnier infused creme bulee.  I know what you're thinking, how could she!  Right??  With a shot of Grand Marnier.  It's been a while since I've been there.  But just talking about it makes me want to go.
<review# 943,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/1/2012,4/1/2012,238,435,1,7,4>Moving to Jersey has helped me discover many things, one of which is "lanches" or Brazillian snacks and "salgadinhos" (salty snacks). I came fro California which made me think I was going to miss In-N-Out. Thanks to Hamburgao that did not happen.Their burgers are HUGE. They are very good, loaded with mayo, lettuce, tomato (though I always opt out on that one), potato sticks, and various other things. I ordered their burgers the first few times I went to Hamburgao but have not had one in a while. I think I had a few too many and need a break. They are good but very heavy. I love the various snacks and pastries they have though. Chicken balls (coxinha), pasteis (empenada sort of things), empadas (pot pie like things), etc. have all been good. I also tried an omlette and it was good. I was surprised to find they put peas and corn in it but it was actually really tasty and I don't even like peas or corn much. The food is super cheap. I have never paid over $10 and always left stuffed. It's certainly not the healthiest and as a result I haven't been there in a while but the price and hours (they are open pretty late) make it very convenient. There is always a little bit of a language barrier but they employees are nice and always try to explain everything. Highly recommended!
<review# 944,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/19/2012,3/31/2012,151,128,2,4,2>So on a beautiful March day (thanks global warming) after waiting for the building inspector for SIX HOURS! (thanks municiple gov.) I decided to do some afternoon drinking. Since its such a nice day I decide to walk to one of my favorite haunts with the intention of doing a little one man pub crawl throught the JC.Upon the start of my journey I realize the banana and the oatmeal cookies I ate for lunch are not gonna cut it. Further along my walk I remember the conversation I had with one of my new Yelp buddies Vineet about Boulevard Drinks' hot dogs. Had I ever been there (No) and you should try it sometime(I will). Seeing as there is no time like the present I give it a whirl.When I enter the smell of flat top griddled meat in tube form and sauerkraut fill my lungs. Ahh, heaven. Surely my time waiting for gov. officials will be rewarded.  I order two dogs with kraut to go. Cant waste time when beer is on my mind. I gotta say these dogs are very good. They have that snap to the meat that you look for in a hot dog.(Sorry dirty water dogs dont snap like griddled) The kraut is excellent. Good flavor without overpowering in odor and bitterness. My only criticism is that the buns are not toasted. I know your thinking "So what?" but let me tell you when you eat a dog, brat, sausage with an untoasted bun after you've had a toasted bun. It some how lacks that jazz that makes it a 10. Thats my only reason for a four and not a five and Im sorry to say thats kinda big for me. Over all I'm excited to have finally tried this place and am really looking forward to stumbling off the PATH and injesting a few of these tasty treats.
<review# 945,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/7/2012,3/30/2012,107,211,,11,1>I love to bake, but when it comes to cooking dinner I'm at a loss.  Long commutes and getting home late sap all of my energy so at least once a week we order out.  Our default has always been Chinese food (there aren't many options in the 'burbs) but after reading the raves on Yelp we decided to try out Dinner in a Pinch.We ordered the crabcakes, green beans and mac and cheese.  All of the food is made to order (I actually saw them shaping the crabcakes and cooking them) and the prices are very reasonable for the quality.  The crabcakes didn't have the filler that you too often find and were instead  bursting with actual crab.  The mac and cheese was cooked very well, not mushy like many places make it.  Their menu is focused around comfort food but they recently partnered with Savory Spice Shop on a healthier menu item.  I was speaking to a repeat customer when I was there and he raved about everything he's tried.  I'm looking forward to working my way through the rest of their menu.
<review# 946,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/19/2012,3/29/2012,395,408,11,12,8>I must say I had very high expectations for this place due to the reservation difficulty. I called a week and a half in advance and was still waitlisted! I mean is this NYC or Cranford NJ? Did they not get the memo about my new Elite status? Wtf? Anyways I called back a few days before my target day to check on my progress. I was in luck someone canceled! Must have been a geezer because we got 5:30 pm....I took it. They also took my CC info to hold the reservation...... Said they would charge me 70 bucks if I didn't show!...Dang I was not sure if that pissed me off or made me want to go more....My expectations were met I loved it here. Farm to table, Byob, great food. What more can one ask for?The restaurant is so small. They change the menu with the seasons here since everything depends on the fresh produce. They have a chalk board displaying their local farm network.We had.....Kara's Mussel pot.....Amazing could have drank the sauce!Pulled pork arepa....This was not what I expected but still good...I guess I was expecting a pulled pork sandwich type thing...like a Venezuelan arepa but it was like a pork flavored pancake. Pizza special....This was the best part of the night, the tomatoes were so fresh and the sunny side egg was to die for!Scallops ...These were delish as well but I felt perhaps a bit undercooked. Maybe its just me I like to kill everything. Chicken, fish, pasta I always over cook. My dining partner tells me they were prepared correctly.
<review# 947,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/21/2012,3/27/2012,206,553,7,9,7>I have never quoted Dirty Dancing in life, much less in a food review, but the first thing that comes to mind when trying to describe the beginning to our meal is, "Nobody puts Baby in the corner." Although we had a reservation (at 6:15, not exactly peak hour), we were almost seated at a table that undoubtedly has to be known inside Costanera as the Sucker's Table. Anyone who accepts sitting here must be a walk-in when the place is full or oblivious because it is awfully located and awkwardly placed. I have tried to block the exact location out of my mind, but you will know it when you see it or are seated at it - trust me. We declined and asked for another spot and ended up in the front corner which was much better, but still not ideal with a half-full restaurant. This ends the worst part of the meal because after this seating error, everything was fantastic.Our server was attentive and knew the menu well and when he was busy, the hostess checked in on us as her station is right by this set of four two-tops in the front. The decor and ambiance inside Costanera is nice - dark woods, not overly lit and inviting. And yes, the food - the food was fantastic.Costanera is authentic Peruvian cuisine with a little flair. A special oyster po'boy to start was different, nicely made and bursting with flavor on a small piece of toast. The Chori-Papa appetizer (Chili-dusted crispy potatoes with spicy pork chorizo) was excellent - from the texture of the potatoes to the chorizo-a-plenty dotting the plate, this was a great dish. The tiradito Nikkei - tuna with aji amarillo, avocado and soy-lime dressing was just the right amount of spice and kick combined with a melt-in-your-mouth piece of tuna.You will not be disappointed with the food at Costanera, but I would make a reservation and avoid the Sucker's Table.
<review# 948,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/17/2012,3/26/2012,69,51,8,15,4>You better fire up that car of yours.  And find your sweat pants, too.  That's it boys and girls, forget your new year's resolution, forget your blood pressure/cholestrol whatever. FORGET EVERYTHING!!This is by far the cleanest All You Can Eat Korean BBQ place I've ever been to west of CALIFORNIA! (WAAAAy better than Flushing location)You know the deal.  You pay whatever they charge and you've opened the gates to UNLIMITED KOREAN BBQ AND MORE!!! AHHHHHHH!!!  I CAN FEEL MY LAP BAND BURSTING!!!!!Here is what I remember they have:BBQ stuffBulgogi, Kalbi, Spicy Chicken, Spicy Pork, Pork Belly, Octupus, Shrimp, Intestine, Chicken Heart and moreBanchan(side dishes)kimchi, julienned green onions, salad, california rolls, chicken wings, fish cake, acorn jelly(!!!) and moreRicewhite and black bean riceSoupsKimchi jjigaeMiyuk gook (seaweed soup - to cleanse your blood!)Congee(should be rice i guess, but i didn't try.... could be the one with abalone...)Remember this place is a buffet, so if you are looking for the finest KBBQ, you should be in Palisade Park not here.  Oh and be prepare to smell like BBQ.Anyway, I LOVE THIS PLACE!!!--------------------Weekday Lunch - $15.95ppWeekday Dinner - $26.95ppWeekend Lunch - $22.95Weekend Dinner - $29.95Take reservation for 8 or more people201-816-9300
<review# 949,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/28/2012,3/25/2012,381,641,9,12,10>In my book (pun intended), Montclair Book Center was where the gentrification of Montclair started, several decades ago.  Still one of my favorite places to browse, there are tons of interesting out-of-print volumes, curiosities and relics mixed with contemporary titles.  There are many bargains to be had with the older used books, and some discounting of many of the current titles.The store layout utilizes every square inch to pack their books, and there are entire sections on subjects that the chain stores offer only a few titles.  Many hidden nooks and a library-like second floor help to add dimension and character.The folks who run this store are anxious to assist, and have always been decent and customer-centric, if not outwardly friendly.
<review# 950,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/18/2011,3/24/2012,165,81,8,9,9>The Greatest Veggie place in the world! I've been coming here for years and allz I can tell you is :This place will trick you out! You'll swear its chicken, beef - seafood. You will swear up and down its real! This place is excellent. I HATE CHINESE FOOD!!! I mean don't get me wrong I LOVE IT - but I hate chinese resturants. I never trust what they are serving up. If its chicken or cat - But this place I never have to worry. I know its veggie goodness - Veggie Heaven  serves GREAT FOOD! Go Before 3  their lunches are out of this world. Its like $4 for the biggest plate of food ever!They give you lunch prices and dinner sizes! Love thatEverything is good - I mean I just cannot rave about this place enough. I've brought many people here all with different  backgrounds, and they were all HUGE SKEPTICS! Nobody I've brought here has ever left without being mind blown by this place!!! The food is great, its awesome ingredients, fresh, clean, it's always open! If you hate veggies you will love this place. If you are a meat eater you will love this place! I love this place - My mom and sister the 2 biggest critics LOVE THIS PLACE! Shut up and Go!PS - They deliver, so I know what I'm doing tonight.
<review# 951,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/21/2011,3/23/2012,47,160,4,6,3>Writing this review puts me in a very uncomfortable situation: when my roommate and I ordered Napoli's last night, we were only doing so to say that we've tried "some place else" in Hoboken (aka not Grimaldis). We love Grimaldis, and were those determined to not like this pizza.However, we were both disappointed to learn that we actually really like Napoli's pizza. I might even have to go so far as to admit that I like it more than Grimaldi's, though my roommate argued winning traits for both. We both agreed that Napoli's had a crisper crust, which was a thumbs up. In terms of sauce/cheese, I would say they're comparable. We did agree, however, that Grimaldis has better pepperoni.So what put Napoli's ahead for me? It holds up better in the fridge. Grimaldis gets quite soggy when put in the fridge, which means that you pretty much need to scarf the whole thing down upon delivery if you want to maximize enjoyment. Napoli's, however, did not disappoint in delivering a satisfying cold pizza breakfast.The takeaway? Both Grimalds and Napoli's are great. You really can't go wrong.
<review# 952,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/14/2011,3/21/2012,143,445,8,5,3>Come here hungry, come here full, come here drunk; no matter what, you will eat between 3-6 slices of their pizza.The crust is perfectly crisp and thin, not cracker thin, but bread crust thin. The sauce is not sweet and overpowering, and the cheese is...cheesy.You will never have an old slice here like other pizza places, fresh pies come out every few minutes; people love this pizza so much that we saw a guy walk in and say, "if you have 4 slices i will take that, but if you have a WHOLE pie I will take that instead" where else can you go and people are deciding whether they want 4 or 8 of something?!?!The pizza lady is tough and doesn't take bullshit, so deal with it; know what you want, how much you want, what you want to drink and there will be no problems.
<review# 953,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/14/2011,3/20/2012,9,214,3,6,3>I've been a fan of Zack's for at least 10 years. When word got out they had a new menu, i had to check things out. Let's talk Burgers. They have a Brisket Burger with pastrami bacon on the new menu. Now THIS is a Burger. Most places in Hoboken honestly can't cook a burger, or the meat isn't high quality....well - Zack's hit it out of the park. The burger was huge, very juicy and extremely flavorful. I was in heaven. Instead of fries, i asked for some kind of vegetable - the giant asparagus spears were ridiculously good - smoky, a bit of spice, perfectly seasoned, very tasty for a green veg.The chicken main course is also very good - crispy, and served with a brown sauce that just begs for bread to be dipped in...I also sampled their Ribs appetizer, and it fell short - just lacked the right texture, didn't have any char on the outside...But all in all....i will be back to eat more of Zack's, this is a neighborhood gem.
<review# 954,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/11/2012,3/19/2012,72,167,4,10,7>We had an early dinner at Picnic the other night. Thanks go out to my fellow Yelpers for turning me onto this restaurant.It's a small place but very inviting and I loved the music playing in the background. Great ambiance. BTW, I am starting to like early dinner reservations because you really get to see the place and speak with the folks who work there. They actually have time to speak with you. And you usually get a very good table. Both things happened to us last night. Also, the chef came out to say hello and made sure all was good. Nice touch.They started us off with a small cheese plate with dried fruit and slices of herb toast gratis. One of the cheeses on the plate was brie, my wife's favorite. The waiter said if we want a little more, just ask. The cheese was outstanding so we asked for a little more. No problem, it came right out. Nice touchMy wife had a smoked salmon dish which consisted of a light vinaigrette sauce with cheese, onions, capers and green apples. Really tasty. I had a dish that reminded me of pigs in a blanket. You know, the little hot dog thingies in puff pastry. Well this one was filled with chicken and a pork brat and served with a creamy sauce with a little bang to it. Really, really good.Our main meals were also very good with a few exceptions. I had free range lamb chops with homemade mashed potato's and asparagus with a a mint au jus sauce. The meal tasted great but the lamb chops had quite a bit of fat. But then again, that's probably why they tasted so damn good. Very flavorful. My wife had a slow roasted filet mignon with a beef gravy and a potato gratin and asparagus. She likes her beef more on the well side and 3/4 of the filet was perfect. But the one side of the filet was more medium rare so she decided to give the balance to me. Oh well, filet mignon for dessert. Things could be worse.We ended off sharing a slice of cheesecake drizzled with a blood orange sauce and 2 cups of joe. BTW, it's bring your own (BYOB)...Yeah!!!!A very fine evening was had and we are looking forward to our next trip to Picnic...
<review# 955,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/7/2012,3/18/2012,933,557,5,10,6>Where I'm from, a "Reservation" is Native American owned land. Well, the little scraps of land they were allotted after their homeland was invaded and nationalized by foreigners. Sorry, got a little sidetracked there. Anyway, this Reservation is not Native American land. I'm told Reservations out here are preserved woodlands open to the public. A county park?The reservation is gorgeous during any season! There are plenty of untouched trees, paved paths, dirt paths, picnic areas, nice views from the mountain top (pretty, but I can't say they're breathtaking), and  a dog park equipped with a doggy playground. Their map shows there's also a small zoo in here somewhere.I've driven all over the reservation, but I've only gotten out and hung out in the southern part, where the dog park is and a paved, treelined trail that walks you pass several view-worthy stops. No cars allowed on this path. Walking from the parking area, to the end of the loop and back is about two miles, flat, no hills or dips. There are other paths with hills. You just have to find them.The maintenance on this park is exceptional! While leaving most woodlands untouched, they cleaned it up just enough to allow for safe exploration. As I come here more often, I can only see myself loving this place more and more.
<review# 956,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/7/2012,3/17/2012,262,408,6,15,13>I love frequenting independently owned businesses. Seriously. I'll go out of my way to patronize an establishment I know is an independent one. I'll tell you why. Independent businesses are just more... 'soulful'.You can feel the love, sweat and tears( um, soul?) owners have put into their 'babies' and anyone who is willing to put their money, especially in this economy, into a venture is just gonna try harder for its customers.Enter Steam Cafe.This cafe that opened only a few months ago is a self proclaimed 'artist cafe'. They feature a different artist, for few months at a time, with the artwork being available for purchase at the cafe.They host events to promote local artists and provide a venue for talent in various mediums including open mics.Chris, also known as "Ms. Cwiss" to the thirty some odd toddlers that frequent her establishment for their weekly gatherings of a Stay at Home Mom's group has made this a welcoming neighborhood spot that provides such varied events as Umpaloompa Kids Day and  Women and Wines Tasting.TM Ward coffee and loose teas are the only ones used.There are hand made bagels from Wonder Bagel. Ms. Cwiss creates her own artisan sandwiches, and even has a following for her home made corn bread (only available on Sundays).Chocolate chip and various other croissants and goodies round out the menu.Decor is a bright yellow that feels sunny and warm with vintage furnishings (re-purpose,reuse,refinish) that add character and a welcoming vibe that encourage you to chat and chill. Even the bathroom, with its changing table and gilded mirror is charming.Today with my perfect Ethiopian blend latte I had an apricot scone (the baker was on the premises delivering the goods so very fresh) that was moist and flavorful, engaging conversation and a sense of community. You can't beat that.
<review# 957,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/12/2011,3/16/2012,210,27,9,9,10>I have never been one for plain chicken wings. To me the fat and calories consumed whilst eating chicken wings are just not worth it unless your mouth is burning and tingling for at least an hour post-wings. The Glen Rock Inn's wings came out with the sauce on the side, which was momentarily annoying to me until I tasted the chicken on its own. I never want another buffalo wing as long as I live because all I will be thinking about is the totally sauceless wings at the Glen Rock Inn and how they put every buffalo wing I've ever tasted to total and utter shame. Crispy battered skin on the outside, unspeakably tender, juicy & flavorful meat on the inside......And now I am KICKING myself for attempting to write this review right before dinnertime. Anyone know if the Glen Rock Inn delivers? :-/
<review# 958,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/19/2011,3/15/2012,106,185,10,18,11>So after the disappointed trip to the Jersey City location, I went back to the White Manna in Hackensack and found a seat at the counter. On the up side, the burgers are... om nom nom nom. Melty, cheesy, oniony, potato roll goodness. And with a side of fries that are extra crispy on the outside, soft and fresh on the inside, I was basically in heaven.However, there are a few rules that noobs should heed:1. Cheeseburgers do not automatically come with onions, you have to specifically order them with cheese and onions. (Maybe this is just me, but I'd always heard of just the cheese and onion burger, so assumed it was the standard.)2. The burger cook is in charge of just burgers, don't be asking them for a soda or fries - there will be an employee come out of the kitchen and yell "anyone for fries?", "anyone want a soda?", at which time you can order your non-burger delectables.3. They don't do free refills - which stinks as I'm so bad at rationing my beverage so that it lasts through the entire meal.4. Don't wear your Sunday best, unless you like your Sunday best to reek of onions for the rest of the week.Overall, it's totally a fun experience. And a New Jersey institution. But even more importantly, it's really good food.
<review# 959,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/9/2012,3/14/2012,258,599,6,7,4>"Do you really love the lamp, or are you just saying it because you saw it? " - Ron BurgundyThis has probably been the hardest review I have written since moving to Jersey. McGovern's is more or less across the street from the Rutgers Law School,and many events as a law student either are here or end up here. Was this place awesome in my mind because it was there or is it because it really is a step above the rest.  In other words, "do you really love the lamp, or are you just saying it because you saw it?"This place can be pricey at times, and there is a $10 credit card minimum.  However, the burgers are good, very good. Lava Fries? I see why people like them but I don't really like cheese so it's not really my thing.  The service here is top-notch, perhaps they just know how to deal with law students. Law school can be crazy at times, but this place keeps me sane at times.
<review# 960,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/28/2012,3/13/2012,13,87,,8,4>As an Indian and a foodie, I rarely ever go to Indian restaurants.  I make exceptions for fusion and modernized Indian cuisine by creative and experimental chefs.  Any type of homestyle Indian food, I avoid b/c it tends to be heavy, oily and unhealthy.But my BF and I came to Karma Kafe for Diwali this year because we wanted to go out near home for the holiday.  I was definitely surprised and impressed by the whole experience.  It was packed for dinner but we were able to snag a table for two, although we did have to wait for about 30 minutes. The only thing I didn't like was how tiny it is, especially in the winter when the outdoor seating isn't available.  But they have a mini bar you can sit at while you wait for a seat and get a drink.  Their house drinks are interesting and generally well made.  My favorite is the Nirvana - it's champagne, St. Germain and tonic.  Not really Indian but still lovely.  The food is delicious, albeit heavy.  We had the chicken tikka masala, lamb korma, and one another occasion, the chicken biryani.  Firstly, the portions are MASSIVE.  The one bowl of any curry is really for two people.  The naan was delicious, fresh and pillowy soft.  The meats were well flavored and tenderized.But what blew me away was the little bowl of yellow daal (lentils).  They serve little bowls of daal as well, with all their meals... I like this b/c Indian food is typically a collection of tapas in that sense, different curries and stews, with rice AND naan etc and it's nice to recreate the typical experience.  Daal is also the standard of which I hold Indian restaurants to.  If you can't make a good daal, you most likely can't make good food.  The daal at Karma is amazing.  It tastes almost just like my mother's and is traditional and refined.   Service was courteous and prompt.  The prices are a steal for the amount and quality of food.  The only negatives are that the place is incredibly tiny and the food is heavy and not somewhere I'd eat more than once a month, at most.  But it's cute place to take people to and a solid representation of Indian cuisine.
<review# 961,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/9/2012,3/12/2012,162,183,2,4,4>Having just gone to Vietnam last month, I realize that ... I realize that I'm being a total douche starting my review like that! What is wrong with me?! Starting over... In Vietnam, you can get amazing soups for the equivalent of one US dollar or even less. (I'm still doing it, aren't I? Oh well, I'm just going to run with it. How often can you start a review with mentioning that you were in such and such country in Asia the other day?) You will probably not know what exactly is in your soup and you are running the risk of contracting some sort of bug that will clean you out better than an enema would. But that's part of the fun! You can also get what we know of as banh mi and which, I think, just means "bread" to the Vietnamese. I suspected this when I walked up to a cart in Saigon that had the words Banh Mi on the front and I saw a bunch of fresh baguettes. I asked for a banh mi and the lady cut open a baguette and handed it to me. Sure enough, on the menu at Nha Trang you will find such delicacies as stewed meat and banh mi. From the photo you will determine that this is a stew with bread on the side. I have never ordered that. There are no banh mi sandwiches at Nha Trang.I almost always order some sort of pork. If there is one thing Nha Trang does really well, it's pork. Grilled porkchop on top of rice noodles aka bun (yum!) or grilled pork on top of beef broth soup aka pho (yum!). I know pho is typically served with beef, but the pork is just so damn good! Basically, you can't go wrong with the pork. I think those are words to live by, in fact.There's also a selection of items that come with mint and lettuce leaves, which you roll up inside a leaf of lettuce and then dip in that delicious sauce with the bits of carrot floating in it. You can get the pork (of course) or another item that's really tasty is the shrimp with sugar cane. The lettuce wraps are probably my favorite thing to get, but sometimes I just don't feel like eating with my hands, ya know? Oh whoops, I'm veering into douche territory again, aren't I? (Tips: Credit card can only be used for $20 or more, which can be hard to hit unless you have an app. There is a parking lot next door.)
<review# 962,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/12/2011,3/11/2012,113,228,8,6,10>I thought it was a biker bar as I was driving up to it. There were several motorcycles parked outside. I had to park around the block since there was nothing but construction across the street. I was a bit intimidated to walk in by myself because I didn't know what to expect once inside. All apprehensions vanished the minute I walked through the door to find a dark but comfy friendly neighborhood dive bar.It was a Thursday night, about 7:30, and the place was packed. There was one empty seat in the house and that was the one that my friend was saving for me at the bar. All of the tables that lined the walls were full of couples and families enjoying their dinners. Everyone at the bar was eating also. The service, all waitresses, was fast and friendly. We ordered Clams Casino, Oysters on the half shell, Crab Claw Cocktail, and Shrimp Cocktail. All of it was delicious. Some of the best I've had. Fresh and very reasonably priced. At one point during the night the conversation went like this:Me: "I can't really see the left column of the menu from here, but I think it says Fried Clams on the top."Friend, leaning over to see better: "Yup. Fried Clams."Me: "Does the price say $4.95 or $11.95? Can't make it out." Friend: "Looks like it says $1.95."Me: "For real?"  Me (used to NYC prices and wanting to verify) to the server: "Excuse me, how much are the Fried Clams? I can't really see from here." Server: "$1.95."Me: "Can I get an order of Fried Clams please?"Basically, if you're in the mood for some really good seafood at really good prices and don't mind old and dingy dive bar decor, visit DP's Pub. I plan on returning often.
<review# 963,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/3/2011,3/10/2012,26,76,4,4,3>The third place to get a rare five star rating in my book, The Chart House earned every single star and then some. I took my mother and her boyfriend to this place after hearing that they were in the state and wanted to do dinner. I was looking for a place with a great view, good food and a helpful staff. The Chart House did just that and then went beyond my expectations in just about every category. I will start with the view which is anything but less than the best in NJ. The restaurant is located on the end of a pier which puts the place as the furthest point into the Hudson in the local area. Adding to that, they have their entire back wall made of glass to offer a sweeping view of Manhattan from anywhere in the restaurant. And if the weather is good you can sit outside and enjoy the same exact thing but in the fresh air. This was one of the things my guests enjoyed the most and kept bring up conversation topics throughout the night.The food there is amazing and will probably be some of the best you will ever have. The steaks melt in your mouth, the fish and other meats are cooked to perfection, and the lava cake will leave your chocolate craving satisfied for days. Make sure to order the lava cake while you are still having your main course because it does take a half an hour to prepare. But let me tell you it is well worth the wait. Just thinking about the food right now is making my mouth water. The staff is extremely friendly and helpful when placing your order or looking for a suggestion of what to order off the menu. I really wanted to get a table with a excellent view and the host was very helpful with showing me each of the tables available.  Our waiter Sean always made sure we were satisfied was prompt with taking our orders and serving our food. Overall I gave the Chart House the covenant five star rating because of the excellent view of Manhattan, the great service, the awesome food and the great ambiance of the place. I would suggest making reservations at least one day in advance if it is later in the week/weekend because this place does fill up. The most important part was that my guests loved it and could not wait to come back. I would have to agree with them and would suggest this place to anyone. It is expensive, but I think it was worth every penny because you are definitely getting what you pay for at the Chart House.
<review# 964,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/29/2012,3/9/2012,474,598,1,11,5>Divine. This review is for brunch only. I recently met a couple friends for Sunday brunch here, based on Yelp hype... thanx yelpers! I'll pass on the brunch recommendations without reservation.The food was really top-notch. The rolls brought to the table when we were all seated were sort of a throw away, but were fresh and were a nice touch for those not ordering a large bread basket.The clear highlight of our meals was my friend's crispy eggs, so I'll start with that dish. Crispy eggs are poached eggs that were frozen, then covered in panko bread crumbs and fried. They were fabulous - the frying perfectly crisped the panko while rewarming but not overcooking the eggs. Modernist cuisine techniques that were used to be delicious, rather than just impressive. The dish came with prosciutto, asparagus, porcini mushrooms, greens and I think a couple other things. It was really terrific.My classic eggs benedict was also wonderful - creamy, decadent hollandaise, everything perfectly prepared and seasoned, and accompanied by ripe fruit and potatoes. Although I think the potatoes could have been slightly better had they been all cut the same sizes, they were really good as they were.My friend's warm sliced chicken breast over mixed greens with currants and pecans was similarly yummy, and was exactly what she wanted. Bellinis and coffee were common, nothing I'd write home about.Service was just about flawless. We were greeted warmly and our coats were checked promptly. Although our party wasn't complete, we were immediately given a table in accordance with our reservation, and we were not hassled due to our lateness or the fact that we stayed and chatted even after we finished eating, even though the restaurant was constantly full. Water glasses were constantly refilled, and our server was charming and knowledgeable. No complaints.The restaurant is cozy and, despite its size, great for conversation without feeling like you were listening in on neighboring tables or having them listen to your conversations. Clean, nothing fancy, just nice.Make a reservation (phone/ online) - this place is popular! Also, parking in a garage a few blocks away is validated for 3 hours (see the website).We're all looking forward to coming back!
<review# 965,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/3/2011,3/8/2012,130,375,4,6,5>Wait on the long queue.  Buy the tasty/expensive breads and pastries.  Go home, open windows or sit outside on balcony/porch, brew a large mug of earl grey, turn on some jazz/classical music, look out onto the yonder and think deep thoughts or of happy memories, take a bite of the floury goodness, and sip the earl grey.  Enjoy.A civilized reprieve from the savagery that is the modern jungle.  It's a competitive world .... Everything counts in large amounts.
<review# 966,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/30/2011,3/7/2012,383,500,4,7,6>Lemonade + Iced Tea = Arnold Palmer (or an "Uptown" @ Soul Flavors)I've been living in Jersey City for 4 years and I'm still discovering new places.  I caught an episode of Food Network's Chopped and saw Chef Wayne win the whole thing (little did I know that it was in my general neighborhood).  The buttermilk chicken and a few other menu items are cooked to order and the menu warns that it takes 25 minutes to make (nice heads up).  They are BYOB, have outside seating, and we ordered as much as we could handle:- Chili & Garlic Broiled Jumbo Shrimp: very good and the best thing we had.  The shrimp had a great Cajun seasoning and charred pieces of garlic.  The toast was nice and buttery. - Buttermilk Marinated Fried Chicken (5 Pieces): the chicken was good - I preferred the white pieces over the dark (the crust tasted better biting into the white pieces). - Whipped Sweet Potatoes: interesting surprise - they were velvety, rich,  and sweet.- Aunt Dot's Macaroni & Cheese: simple mac and cheese in a ramekin.- Fried Plantain: good (but I think we had too many sweet sides). I'll definitely be back to try a few things that I had my eye on (chili marinated / beer battered chicken wings, biscuits / cornbread, and BBQ pork ribs with rum sauce).
<review# 967,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/2/2011,3/6/2012,14,492,4,9,4>What I love most about Hudson County's restaurants are the hidden gems.  The ones that you pass by and never think about.  The ones that look cheap and old on the outside, but have waiters in tuxedos inside.  The ones that have been in operation for three generations.  The ones that you find State Senators and local Mayors dining after work.  The ones where you walk in the first time and are treated like you've been coming since your Grandmother took you there as a child.Renato's Pizza Master is just that: a local gem.  I'm speaking of the fancy restaurant in the back, of course.In classic Jersey style, we were "tipped off" about Renato's by friends.  We walked inside and while knowing there was a hidden restaurant in the back, our first impression certainly left us thinking it was another typical pizza joint.  Then we walked into the back.  Seated at a white tablecloth with a young waitress that was as professional as she was nice.  Italian-American to the core with multiple plates, big menu, salad before the second plate, bread, things to dip bread in... endless!  The food was what really gets 5 yelp stars.  It was perfect Italian food which I call Italian-American since there are differences between food in Italy and what we have here.  Very fresh food, especially the seafood.  Very well cooked pasta (I call it all "pasta", by the way), delicious sauces and not overly fatty/greasy/oily.  Just right. Good wine by the glass.   Not great, but not bad.  The distinction to be made between the aforementioned is that bad wine simply sucks; good wine does the job, is welcomed and inexpensive; while great wine knocks your socks off, but a meal only needs good wine in my opinionated opinion.Clean bathrooms.  Speedy service.  No beer on tap, but beers in bottles.   Espresso was in the Italian style and very good.  Dessert was awesome.
<review# 968,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/13/2012,3/5/2012,217,94,2,9,2>This place knows how to rock a steak!  The owner is very cool, he's a butcher by trade and will gladly educate you on the anatomy of the animal in which these prime cuts of beef come from. He'll also take your order, prepare your meal, give you the low-down on his dessert chefs and quite possibly drive you home if you've had too much wine with dinner. Speaking of which, it's BYOB with a $5 corkage fee so don't forget to bring your vino.The place itself is small and unassuming, maybe 10-12 tables and a few bar stools where you can oversee these wonderful slabs of meat being cooked right in front of you.Had the dry-aged Porterhouse for 2 and it was outstanding! Perfectly cooked and minimal seasoning. You get 3 types of salt on the side if you want but a pinch is all that's really needed.Shared a key lime blueberry tart for dessert which was an interesting combination but super tasty.Prime & Beyond will not disappoint even the most discerning steak lover....
<review# 969,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/8/2011,3/4/2012,135,110,3,5,4>Hands down one of the best meals I've had around the area.  Anthony David's is small and doesn't take reservations so be prepared to wait for a table. "I have to WAIT?," you may say. Believe me, the wait is well worth it. Also, its BYOB so be sure to bring a couple bottles of wine or whatever your choice of libation might be.  The waiter was super friendly and attentive.  He did a great job of recommending certain dishes and letting us know what menu items were new vs. the "good ol' standbys."  Now, the food... it was absolutely scrumptious. The autumn bruschetta with roasted pumpkin, ricotta and shaved pecorino is the perfect fall appetizer. We also opted to try the truffle risotto as an appetizer (all pasta dishes can be served in appetizer portions). It was incredible - smooth, creamy and full of truffle shavings (and i dont typically like mushrooms!).  For my entree, I devoured the pumpkin tortellini topped with walnuts, sage and pecorino. The sage and pecorino balanced out the flavors in the dish perfectly.  Despite being stuffed to the gills, we felt compelled to order the homemade bourbon glazed donuts for dessert.  These little treats certainly pack a strong punch and were a great ending to a superb meal.I can't wait to go back and sample the brunch menu!
<review# 970,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/28/2011,3/3/2012,340,288,1,11,5>This place is located in a very unassuming area and if you drive too fast on river drive you may pass it. Came here with a few girlfriends on a windy, rainy day and the warmth of the "barn" was perfect to call our own for a few hours.First stop was the bar. The bartender was great and gave us a few samples of beer. There was a chalkboard of microbrews so it was difficult to make a decision. But with his help we were able to find the perfect match for each person. I went with the River Horse Oatmeal Ale Stout. Wow the blend of chocolate, coffee with a little hop was great. For dinner we were seated in the main dining at a horseshoe booth. Perfect for a group! I love how the foundation of the barn was preserved. Dark wood everywhere but you get the warm, homey feel not dreary at all.Our server was great and had topnotch recommendations. So here comes the best part:Appetizers:Gravy Meatball Sliders- Comes in 2 but we split them in half and they were just enough for 4 to share. Good quality of meat served on a ciabatta roll and not covered in cheese so you could really enjoy the meat.Crispy Calamari- Fried perfectly and seasoned very well. We got both sauces they were good but not enough to rave about.Duck Fat Jersey Disco Fries- The gravy was unique. It was more of a thicker au jus. Not the creamy type of gravy which was perfect since duck fat and mozzarella cheese are already so rich so it gave it a good balance. Entrees:Sliced Hanger Steak with Twisted Potatoes- I hate to say it but the twisted potatoes were the star here. Yummy and crunchy. Best combination. Steak was cooked a perfect medium rare like it should be.Lamb Shepherd's Pie- Served piping hot in a mini cast iron skillet. The blend of lamb with the cheddar potato crust was good. Seasoned very well too. Not salty at all for those afraid of the cheddar potato topping.Tavern Custom Blend Burger- Served with fries. Personally, I wasn't able to try this one but my friend enjoyed it.We had no room for dessert but I did overhear bread pudding, chocolate cake, creme brulee and lots more.I wish I lived closer. I would definitely be a regular. There are also semi-private areas that would be perfect for small gatherings.I will be back...
<review# 971,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/19/2012,3/2/2012,562,226,2,6,5>I don't know the history of sausage bread, but I do know it is delicious when you can find a place that knows how to make it right. There IS still a place that does in Jersey City called Second Street Bakery. Shhh.If you're not familiar, it's a very simple recipe. The Italian sausage is cooked first, then it is baked into fresh Italian bread. Sounds simple, yes?  Unfortunately, many places don't get the bread right, or the sausage is too oily, or cheap meat, etc.etc.Second Street Bakery, on the other hand, has it mastered perfectly. The crust is cooked to a perfect crunch, the inside is tasty and not doughy,. and the sausage is great quality. A total homerun, if you can get there before they run out, that is.Second Street just seems to crank out superior baked bread dough; it's likely a combination of the ingredients and having an oven that is spot on. So anything baked into their breads is delicious. If out of Sausage bread, try some of their small stuffed rolls, ex. pepperoni, meatball, etc.  If you're in the mood for a sandwich, I'm fairly sure you'll like the majority of what they make.  Just FYI bring cash in small bills and show up early. There is no seating area, take out only.  And definitely follow the golden rule here, these are really nice people in an old school place!
<review# 972,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/6/2011,3/1/2012,454,462,,8,3>My boyfriend and I have been wanting to try this tucked-away BYOB for months now and we finally did last night.  We have found our new favorite place.  It's small and charming, with murals painted on the walls.  There are only about twenty tables in the entire restaurant and it's very cozy seating.  The waiters were soft spoken and attentive, letting us know about the evening's specials.  They opened our bottle of chianti immediately and poured our glasses, also bringing out warm bread with butter and two pieces of bruschetta.  There was a yummy olive oil on the table for dipping ,as well.We both ordered chicken parm for our meals.  The waiter brought out two large salads after a reasonable amount of time.  It was lightly dressed with a house dressing and it was a very good salad to start off our meal.  When the chicken parm arrived at the table, I actually gasped.  The portion size is tremendous.  There are two chicken breasts on the plate, stacked on top of one another, and they took up half of the very large plate.  They were so perfectly crispy on the outside, and the mozzarella cheese topped them perfectly.  The tomato sauce with the penne pasta was very good. We could not even make a dent in the dish, and had a huge amount of food to bring home.  For $15, the salad, pasta and chicken was such a good deal.  We were too full for dessert sadly.  The total for our delicious meal was only $34.  You really can't beat that.I can't wait to come back!
<review# 973,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/6/2011,2/29/2012,143,370,5,4,3>After eating there, More has more fans! (namely me and my girlfriend). Or is it they have more More fans? Not sure. But they do, so quit nitpicking. I was going to go off about how awesome affordably priced BYOB places with nice bathrooms are, but instead I'll just cut it to the quick.Long story short? Get these:SASHIMI SALAD. For real. If you like sashimi, this had little bite-size bits of what looked like tuna, salmon, yellowtail and shrimp (maybe scallops?) mixed with mango, avocado, lettuce, and some type of dressing. I can't stress how fresh everything tasted. Like Fresh Prince of Bel Air fresh. Febreeze Fresh Scents fresh...you get the idea. Next time I come back I might just get like 6 of these and that will be my meal.Drunken Noodles: Recommended by the waiter. Also delicious.Thai Iced Tea: Perfectly milky and sweet. And $3 isn't half bad.Don't forget to BYOB.
<review# 974,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/5/2011,2/28/2012,187,239,6,8,6>I guess when your roommate keeps nudging for us to go to Taqueria for lunch, it must be good.  "My treat," she says.  Well, you got yourself a deal, Missy!When I saw the prices on the menu, I thought to myself, "no wonder she will treat-it's cheap!!".  Tacos for 2.95? And even heuvo (egg) dishes cheaper than 10 bucks? I am definitely sold! We're still in a recession so  good meals that come in that good price are hard to find.I got the Huevos ranchos.  I commented to my roommate that I enjoy food that looks ascetically pleasing (I like to take pictures of food).  But you know what?  Sometimes, you just gotta eat and fore-go the visualness.  What I got was a VERY generous portion (whole plate was filled!) with fried eggs, bacon, re-fried beans, tortilla, and potatoes. For less than 10 bucks, you get such a fulfilling meal (beat that, chipolte!)You can't go to Taqueria without ordering their famous (2.95) tacos/tortilla!  I got their pork tacos. This is one of the best taco's I've eaten: fresh ingredients, good amount of salsa, tender pork on a warm soft shell tortilla. Lemon also goes a long way! Make sure to squeeze the lemon as hard as you can to give it the citrusy oomph.Also, their rice milk is amazing.  Not too sweet with a dash of cinnamon. Perfect compliment to the spicy salsa that accompanies your tacos.Tacos are not my thing so for me to give it 4 stars, it's saying something!
<review# 975,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/4/2012,2/27/2012,149,86,13,14,15>New Jersey truly has the best diners in the nation. My favorite dish here is the Greek Trio comprised of: spanakopita (spinach pie), moussaka (eggplant casserole), and pastichio (pasta with ground beef and béchamel sauce casserole). It's quite comforting and comes with a Greek salad (with feta, olives, an anchovie, and a stuffed grapeleaf), and your choice of soup of those available that day. Their empanadas are only filled with ground beef on the dry side and nothing else. Their kourambiethes (Greek butter-based cookies covered in powder sugar) are also on the dry side. Mixed drinks are visually cute and taste okay but pretty weak here. If you want booze, I recommend getting beer. Overall, the food and service here is dependably good and the menu is vast. It's great for late nights, when you suddenly decide you're too lazy to cook, and any time.
<review# 976,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/7/2011,2/26/2012,175,193,4,10,6>I love authentic Thai food! I've been to all different types of Thai restaurants in NY, NJ, and FL, of all different price ranges and must say this place is the the best authentic Thai restaurants I've ever been! I am a frequent patron (probably once a month) I was introduced to it by a friend and I haven't stopped going ever since! So far, I have introduced this restaurant to about 10 different people and every person that has eaten there loves it! The food hits the spot every time and the atmosphere is very laid back. The place is quaint and small but charming (Don't expect a fancy schmancy restaurant) The restaurant offers a wide range of different dishes for both meat lovers and vegetarians. Prices are very reasonable. Service is great; everyone is very nice and welcoming. The owner (Mama) comes out and will ask you how the food is every time. My recommendations:Appetizers:- Topaz puffs- Chicken Satay- Pan seared dumplings- Topaz Thai Tacos- Rock Shrimp- Spring RollsMain Course:- Spicy Basil Noodles- Pad Basil-Tropical Noodles- Pumpkin Curry (a Fall special only)Everything is super delicious. I love the complimentary salad, with the house dressing. I also like the Ginger dressing. The topaz puffs are very soft and flavorful; Chicken Satay with the peanut sauce is juicy and full of flavor. The sauces that accompany the appetizers compliment the dish perfectly! The rock shrimp is to die for! It's fried in a crispy coconut batter over an apple/onion sauce (on the side) and topped with a tangy peanut dressing. The peanut is not overpowering at all! Their main courses are amazing! Noodles are of the right consistency! (not overly cooked or undercooked) They will cater to your taste: you can ask for something less spicy or more spicy. Servings are excellent and very generously portioned. I don't think you will be disappointed!
<review# 977,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/6/2012,2/25/2012,195,235,4,7,4>Holy lunch special, Batman!  My good friend and I came here for lunch today to celebrate the SUPER BOWL CHAMPS - the G-MEN!  We were in a fabulous mood and the lunch we had today elated us even more.We arrived around 12:30 PM and we were surprised to see that every seat by the sushi bar and nearly every table was taken. We managed to get the last available two-top (and not a second too soon...we were quite the ravenous broads).  We both ordered off of the lunch menu...sushi box for me and the roll box for her.  We were served the crab porridge and the miso soup prior to receiving our very large lunch portion.  Lunch specials arrive in a bento box, complete with salad, edamame, and sushi (rolls or pieces, depending upon what you order).  The sushi box comes with six pieces of sushi and one California roll.  The roll box comes with three rolls (California, spicy tuna, and salmon). The portions were plentiful and the freshness was evident. We almost had trouble finishing all of it (operative word being "almost").The decor is inviting but not overly so.  It's pretty basic and not very large inside.  I can see why there would be a line to get into this place on the weekends.  Street parking is a little limited but there is an empty lot next door that seems to be okay to park in.  Don't quote me on that though...I don't want to be responsible for anyone's parking tickets nor towing!
<review# 978,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/24/2011,2/24/2012,168,267,7,12,10>Oh, sava.  I've had takeout before, but yesterday I went with some friends and sat and feasted...and now I have to review you.This is some of the most delicious affordable food you'll find around.  And most filling.  The lady who runs it is, in the words of my friend from out of town (and many other reviewers), "like a wonderful grandma making us a family dinner."  She's adorable, wants to feed you until you explode, and doesn't charge nearly as much as most eateries in this more upscale neighborhood.We picked up some beer at the liquor store next door, ordered a bunch of food at the counter.  Sadly we got there late and they were out of stuffed cabbage, one of my favorite things.  They were also out of potato pancakes, but she went and made some from scratch for us as she said they were quick.  We ended up getting and sharing:Boiled Pierogies - 6 meat & 6 potato, I always prefer boiled to fried.  Served with a heaping pile of onions and a big bowl of sour cream.  we all agreed they were the best meat pierogies we had ever had, the seasonings used are so much more interesting than the more bland ones found at other famous polish places (like, say, the diner on 12th & 2nd, which is otherwise good)Potato Pancakes - delicious, as always.  One of the world's perfect foods.  Was very sweet that she went and made more for us when they had been out.Stuffed Peppers - HUGE and quite tasty.  Fun orange sauce.Kielbasa and Kraut - enormous portion.  again, delicious.  served with bread and spicy polish mustard.  The kraut was particularly good.Meatballs and gravy - They fall apart, and taste amazing.Goulash - this is a hungarian style dish she makes, and one of my friends is a goulashaholic, so we got it.  Tasty, and gave us something to sop up with the rest of our bread.We all walked out of there a few pounds heavier.  Sometimes the most fun times are had at random little take out shops.
<review# 979,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/16/2011,2/23/2012,115,202,5,8,5>A roaring fire, fresh coffee, bright natural light streaming through the windows...this place offered a perfect winter Sunday brunch from every aspect.  The fresh muffin basket, delicious hash browns, eggs benedict and great bellinis didn't hurt either.Even though there was about 12 feet of snow outside when I came here for brunch it looks like Harvest has a really nice outdoor space...I can't wait to return during the summer months.  You might want to keep this place on your list for special occassions...it is slightly expensive to put on the weekly rotation.Bottom line: high quality food, good service, great atmosphere.  Give this charming, local, off-the-beaten-track place a try this Sunday!
<review# 980,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/14/2012,2/22/2012,171,196,6,7,7>Second time I have been to Mes Reves.  I adore French cuisine - in fact, it may be my favorite, most comforting type of food imaginable, outside of a good diner breakfast.  My first experience was with a big group, I ordered the nicoise salad and steak frites - food was delectable, service was prompt.  No complaints... made my most recent trip an exciting return.Last night was my repeat visit with my boyfriend.  Hostess was friendly, gave us the option of either sitting at a table close to the entrance, or at a half booth - we chose the latter.  Our server was as sweet as pie - and apologetic.  I'll explain....The restaurant was nearly full when we arrived at 7:45.  There was one server, one bus boy, and one friendly manager (possibly the owner) who did her best to ensure the guests were enjoying their meals, coming by to every table and helping out the overwhelmed waitress.Essentially, our food was 4.5 stars - our entire meal was prepared to near perfection.  Yet the wait - from the uncorking of the wine, to the bread, to the 25 minutes to get our appetizers, the additional 20 minutes for the entrees - it was a bit painful.  The wine thing really kind of irked me - an unpleasant start.  Our server, after we had been sitting for close to 15 minutes, attempts to uncork the wine and...*gasp*....breaks the cork.  Lovely $30 dollar wine, possibly ruined.  She emphatically apologizes, goes to the back, works some magic, and reappears with the wine - thankfully, I only had a touch of cork in my glass, really not a big deal.  Just a little aggravating, but she was sincerely sorry - I'll live.Bread arrives, warm, served with a sage, salt, and honey butter - yummy.  Only problem - the server and bus boy asked three separate occasions if we wanted more.  No thanks, very kind of you to offer but...we want our appetizers.  Tick-tock, the clock is going...."starving..must..eat..something..don't fill up on bread, our neighbors food is making you salivate..."  Our neighbors to our right receive their appetizers right before we receive our bread & their entrees before we even started our first course....  Upon asking how much longer, we were told (twice) it would only be a few moments.  I'm starting to get pissed.Appetizers finally arrive.  Started with the mesclun salad (mixed greens, goat cheese, candied walnuts) and mussels in a saffron broth.  Insane.  Perfect, as much as I tried to savor the apps....it was impossible.  Salad was light, textural bliss, dressing was nice.  Mussels were the highlight - broth had touches of shallots and shaved garlic, and of course white wine and butter and saffron...holy hell.  I wanted that damn bread they kept offering so we could soak up even more of the broth.  Mood = better.Same thing happens as before - server emphatically apologizes, says the big party in the back (easily 10-12 people) is slowing down the food.  We are understanding, but again...it's approaching 20 minutes..in the words of Homer Simpson - "Urge to kill rising, rising, rising..."Second course, I ordered the crispy sweetbreads and the mushroom tart (two apps., I was dying to try both of these things, so why not) & my date ordered the pork tenderloin.  His pork was cooked to a perfect medium - so tender & moist, the sauce that accompanied was light and delicate, yet intensely complex - the taste of mushrooms remained the prominent flavor on my palate.  Sweet potato puree - I've had my fair share of horrendous globs of painfully heavy sweet potatoes - big turn off.  Not this time, the puree was *heavenly*.  One of the best I have ever had.  The downfall were the Brussels sprouts - baby little sprouts, under-ripe, though cooked rather well.  If it was up to me, I would scraped them and go for a different veggie.My sweetbreads were fried little bits of heaven - I'm so glad we didn't order this as a second appetizer before our main meals, these babies were HUGE.  Served with haricot verts, cooked nicely, accompanied by a rich, wine-y, shallot-y, sauce.  Nice.  Mushroom tart - I almost licked my plate.  The deeply rich demi glace & the tender bites of wild mushrooms matched so perfectly against the puff pastry, oh good lord, it was just incredible.  If you go to the Mes Reves - GET THIS TART.  Just delicious.The cook apologized for the wait - the staff brought us complimentary espresso.  This was a welcomed treat, really we were not complaining, but they could tell that we were getting impatient and they succeeded in making our dinner one of the best I have had in recent memory.
<review# 981,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/23/2012,2/21/2012,237,200,8,11,9>ASAHI HAS FORT LEE'S BEST SUSHI!In the corner of a forgotten strip mall behind Route 46 you will find the freshest sushi in Fort Lee. This place is a true Mom and Pop shop where Mom is the waitress in the front of the house and Pop is the skilled sushi chef. Neither one of them speaks English very well, so chances are you'll be pointing at the menu to tell them what you want a lot more than engaging with them in any conversation. And perhaps its better this way. Given that there are no other waitresses there, service would grind to a halt if she was chit-chatting with every table. That's right, the food here is so good that I'm willing to forgo any resemblance of service aside from them bringing me my food and an occasional refill of my water glass.How good is this sushi? It tastes so fresh that you'd swear that it was grabbed fresh from a stream. Not a hint of fishiness which seems to be the norm at most of the sushi bars the area. The menu only reflects a small number of the actual sushi rolls that they offer as this Mom and Pop duo will make any hot or cold roll that you request so long as they carry the ingredients. For example, their menu does not offer a shrimp tempura roll, but they do offer a shrimp tempura entree. Some places might give you a hard time about asking for them to make this as a sushi roll as they would consider it a "special order," but not here. Come to think of it, I don't believe that I have ever heard them say no to me about anything.Another great menu item here is the Spicy Seafood Udon. You can get it with udon, soba, or ramen noodles, but I always prefer the thick white udon noodles as they add the greatest texture to the dish. When they say that this has seafood, they are not joking. This soup is chock full of fresh clams, mussels, and shrimp. All of which is still attached to their respective shells. There is so much food in a single order that they need to serve it in two containers (both a quart and pint are included). This means that its conveniently packaged to be eaten in two separate sittings. So usually I'll have the larger for dinner and then the smaller for lunch the next day (or vice-versa, depending on how much of my wife's sushi I eat in a particular evening).Believe it or not, this place is credit card friendly and does not tack-on surprise charges when you whip out your plastic to make payment. Every time I've come in for my takeout order and sat at the sushi bar while my order was being prepared, they have always offered me water while I was waiting. While short on conversation (due to the fact that I don't speak a word of Japanese and they barely speak any English), they sure do make up for it by consistently serving up the best sushi in the area. My only regret is that they are closed on Tuesdays, but everyone deserves a day off... especially the dynamic duo of udon and sushi!
<review# 982,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/16/2011,2/20/2012,18,127,3,6,4>Hey, all you West Coasters who complain about the East Coast not having decent sushi! It's okay, I understand. As a New Yorker who *sometimes* gets to venture to LA on occasion, I actually do know what real sushi tastes like.And you can get it here, right here, in West Orange NJ, at Kim's Sushi.So yes, Kim's easily has the best sushi I have had in the Tri-State area. This place is tiny. Really tiny. Six tables, to be exact. I believe they take reservations (don't quote me on that!) so call and get a table, or show up before or after peak hours. The place is very obviously family-owned. It's really very cute. A tiny, tiny sushi bar with two happy guys preparing stuff, a tiny tiny kitchen, and tiny tiny tables. You basically sit next to everyone else you're eating with. Everyone feels like one big happy family.What they lack in restaurant size they make up in menu size. They have a massive selection of rolls of every sort you could ever imagine, and a great a la carte sushi/sashimi menu. Did I mention the prices? A special roll of the same size will easily cost $5-7 less than that of the average NJ sushi place.The waitress, while not speaking perfect English, took care of us like we were family too. Always checking up to see if everything was okay, asking us if we had been here before (we hadn't), and so on. She even gave us a complimentary special roll at the end of the meal (which was, what, like a $12 value?!? Amazing). A quick warning - Kim's Sushi DOES NOT serve hot food. There are no udon soups or teriyaki dishes or anything like that. They do have shu mai and gyoza for appetizers but that is it. Everything else is all sushi and rolls! Which for me is perfect.Also, this place is SO HARD to find and SO EASY to miss while driving. It's right across the street from Wendy's, close to the Prospect Ave / Eagle Rock Ave intersection. If you're using a GPS, plug in the corner of Eagle Rock and Woodhull Ave.I plan to come back here as often as possible. You will too.
<review# 983,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/1/2011,2/19/2012,256,385,8,5,7>I have a pretty short list of things that annoy me:- People who ignore text messages- Cardio queens- Rudeness- CaloriesOkay, so that last one....why on earth would I be in a dessert shop if I avoid calories (and most things deemed enjoyable) like the black plague? Anger. Actually...it was Italian woman rage. I stormed off the Path, stomped up Washington street (steered clear of the gym) and stampeded into Sweet.And I was SO......happy to find that they have mini cupcakes! So even when I'm being bad and indulging my inner bitch with sugar, butter and chocolate...it doesn't derail me entirely or force me to wear my fat clothes for three days. The cupcake was really good (I just got one chocolate one to go) and it quelled the fire that was burning inside of me. I want to go back and try some of their other flavors, like red velvet and pumpkin.
<review# 984,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/2/2011,2/18/2012,277,585,14,19,8>WARNING!!! WARNING!!! WARNING!!! WARNING!!! WARNING!!!Do NOT eat food from the Soul Food Factory THEN leave your house. Or do ANY type of physical activity. You WON'T be able to operate any vehicle, machinery or even walk properly because the food is just too darn good. Their delicious and homemade soul food will render you USELESS... but satisfied :-) This is a warning!I've been searching for a good soul food restaurant, in Newark, NJ, and I remember someone mention Soul Food Factory and I wanted to check them out. Weeks then months went by and I was in the mood for some good soul food then I remembered SFF. I was in the area and decided to give them a shot. The restaurant decor is ok. Definitely needs updating. It's a dine in/take out restaurant with enough seating. Some of the tables were lopsided, the "buffet" window behind the counter was empty, and the decor just looked dull. I asked one of the owners, Soul Food Factory is owned by two brothers, how long have they been in business and he said "twelve years". I was surprised because the restaurant didn't look "settled" in. Grant it, there were at their current location for two years but it's definitely more than enough time to get the restaurant in tip top shape. Anyways, I looked up at their menu and wished I could order everything. Here's SOME of their menu items...Entrees- Fried or Baked ChickenBBQ Chicken Turkey Wings (Baked, BBQ, Fried) Baked SalmonFried CatfishFried WhitingBBQ Beef or Pork RibsOxtailsSides-Mac & CheeseCollard GreensRice & BeansCandied YamsPotato SaladDesserts- Triple Chocolate CakePeach CobblerCarrot Cake...and the list goes on.I ordered their fried chicken with mac& cheese and candied yams (sweet potatoes). I also made the dumb move of looking at their dessert menu. I had to try their triple chocolate cake. Everything they sell is homemade. That's definitely a plus. I waited about twenty minutes for my food but I didn't mind the wait because one of the owners kept me entertain. He's a sassy yet "AMAZING" character. Lol (inside joke). While I was waiting, I took some photos of their establishment and he was nice enough to give me a sample of their rice and peas. Wow!!! It was delicious. I was surprised because not everyone can make a decent pot of rice. This one customer ordered a fried whiting sandwich. I never saw whiting so thick and fluffy in my life. I wish I took a picture of it *slaps self*I finally got my food and raced on home. *clears throat*  I mean, I drove according to the speed limit while my hands were on "10 and 2" o'clock ;-). While driving home, the smell of the food filled my car. I wanted to pull over so bad and eat but I wanted to get home, change my clothes, and take my time enjoying the food. Once I got settled in, I quickly took the food out the bag and noticed the portion size. There was a lot of food. My order came with three pieces of fried chicken, at least two healthy scoops of mac & cheese, another two healthy scoops of candied yams and corn bread. Oh and let's not forget the adult sized slice of chocolate cake. After admiring the food, I dug in. Then.......I dug in some more.Then......again. Then......YADA YADA YADA! The fried chicken was crispy, flaky and well seasoned. The mac & cheese had the right amount of cheese and tasted "Scrumdiddlyumptious!". The candied yams was a bit on the sweet side but still delicious. And finally, the cornbread was very, very good. It was moist and had a sweet taste to it. I wish I bought another one. The triple chocolate cake was good and very chocolately. But I wish it was a little more moist. But it was good nonetheless.  In conclusion, don't run but FLY to the Soul Food Factory. The average cost for an entree is about $10 and if you don't want to wait, please call ahead.PLEASE NOTE!!! I wrote this review the day after I ate my Soul Food Factory dinner because, like I said, I was DONE!!! And I slept for a full eight hours. Haven't slept that long in a while. Thanks SFF!
<review# 985,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/15/2011,2/17/2012,54,110,10,5,7>I love terrible web design.  It's not in an ironic, hipster kind of way (for the record, I think that all hipsters need to be rounded up, gassed, shot, and fired out of a long-barreled electromagnetic railgun sufficient enough to allow them to achieve escape velocity straight the hell into the sun, which might go white dwarf due to the sudden increase in irony) but because it is a reminder of simpler times.  My wife often compares terrible web sites to her first Sailor Moon fanpage on Angelfire (they were better than Geocities because Geocities only gave you 10mb of space, Angelfire gave you 75, I think, at the time) and they invoke a sense of joyous nostalgia.  Web sites used to be simpler.  You didn't need to be some douchey Flash developer with black frame glasses (ignore the fact that I wear black frame glasses) to make a website decent, useful, and informative.On that note, please take a moment to go check out Lalibela's web page.  lernj.com.  Go ahead, this review will be here.  I'll wait.And now you know why I love their food so very much - it is everything the website seems to be.  Lush, forward, vibrant, and uncompromising in its heartfeltness and authenticity.  We've done Ethiopian many times in the past at Mesob, and while both restaurants serve delicious traditional Ethiopian fare, Mesob is Lalibela's cousin who went to school for graphic design.  Lalibela went to school for CS.QR codes all over the place (even on the back of the menu in the restaurant), music autoplaying in the background, fancy Flash banner pages - oh man, there is zero subtlety or anything other than raw torrents of information on their webpage.  Sort of like the unique, delicious flavor and texture of the yequanta firfir - not to be missed if you're a meatitarian.  You get a one-two punch of color and flavor to both.For the uninitiated, Ethiopian food is served on a big flat bread and more bread is served on the side to just grab, soak, scoop, and convey through whatever structurally convenient method to your mouth that can be put forth.  And don't hesitate to eat the bread on which all the food was served - that's where all the juices soaked into!We ate like the incarnations of Haile Selassie for something like $44 - that was two entrees and four vegetable sides.  If you like collard greens (and you should, because collard greens are so delicious - I hope that they will one day unite all cultures and peoples in how dang tasty they are) do not miss their gomen.  The photos don't do this restaurant justice.  It's a nice, subdued place.  Great for dates, friends, or even family.  It's not at all pretentious and Big Fancy Restaurantish - but it's not a dive either. If I didn't convince you with my rambling, barely coherent rant about how their awful web design is a harbinger of delicious Ethiopian fare, then be convinced by this: as we were halfway through our meal, a small Ethiopian family came in.  It's legit if you bring your family over to taste your culture's cuisine.  I know I haven't found good latkes or matzo ball soup at any restaurant ever - at least not as good as Grandma Rose's or mom's.  Point?
<review# 986,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/16/2011,2/16/2012,236,245,4,3,5>Epic Jersey diner featured on Diners, Drive-Ins, and Dives located just a short walk from our condo?  We rushed to eat here EARLY on a Saturday morning soon after the episode aired.It was already pretty crowded, but we were seated right away.  Let me just say that the atmosphere is classic diner, right down to the waitresses pouring it on all syrupy thick with their Jersey accents and looooooooove.  As a Jersey girl married to a Midwestern guy, I had to laugh.  There is nothing so classically Jersey as a diner, and the Brownstone is as classic as it comes.So the food was fantastic, but every plate was enough food for at least 2 hungry, I mean REALLY HUNGRY people.  I ordered the pancake wrap, which is basically a massive burrito made out of buttermilk pancakes, which came with bacon, eggs, and cheese inside.  I ate about 1/3 of it and then got too full to move (I'm sub-100 pounds)...and my husband, who had made his enormous omelet disappear swooped in and ate another 1/3.  We took the other 1/3 home and I heated it up in the oven and ate it for breakfast the next day.  Like I said, epic.Another visit entailed some dinner after happy hour at the nearby Zeppelin Hall Beer Garden.  I got the corned beef hash, eggs, and toast, which was nothing a foodie would write home about, but still comforting and good.  Bottom line - comfort classics, made well and made BIG.  Dress in stretchy pants.
<review# 987,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/30/2011,2/15/2012,353,180,2,9,6>Sol Caribe is the new Latin Fusion restaurant that has a $7.99 combo meal ALL DAY!Choose your meat, rice, and also soup or salad. This is hands down the best meal combo available in Hoboken.Don't know if this will be a long running deal or just a promotion for the new restaurant, but it's something you shouldn't miss.You get top quality cuts of meat at a price that will make this your new favorite restaurant in town. Did I mention it's also BYO.If you like places like Sophie's, La Isla, Tina's...well then you will undoubtly love this place.I don't know why I didn't hear about this palce sooner, because I will be telling everyone I know to go here. It seemed to good to be true when we first sat down and looked at the menu. For how delicious the food is, at these low prices, it's almost not worth it to cook at home if you want a perfect cut of meat or a fresh piece of fish.The Ala Carte Menu is super affordable. Entrees average  $10-$12.Went here yesterday with a group of friends and everyone was blown away by the quality of food. Five people eating soup, apps, and entrees for under $100. WOW!Where else can you get a tender perfectly cooked skirt steak with shrimp and tostones for $15? The steak came with a herb garlic drizzle, on the side, that was over the top good! The chicken soup tasted homemade and fresh. Platters of food that are big and easy to share. Not that anyone wanted to share at my table, everyone got their own entree that they loved. Can't say enough good things.The menu is a bit funky, with a few to many pages of pictures, but talking to a server about what they recommend is helpful if you aren't familiar with Latin cooking.Quick note: Latin food is awesome!!! I can't get enough.I'm so glad a place like this opened in Hoboken. They can seat large parties, are family and kid friendly, and there is no rush if you are a BYO diner that enjoys finishing a bottle of wine slowly.This is my new go to BYO spot in town, try it out and I'm sure it will be yours too.
<review# 988,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/3/2011,2/14/2012,107,81,6,17,12>So I haven't really had time to sit and write reviews as of late, but I felt so strongly about this place that I made the time! That being said, here we go....La'Ziza, let me count the ways....from your beautiful décor, to your friendly staff, to your amazingly delicious food, and not to mention your top of the line hookahs! J'adore mi amor.I know that may sound a bit over-exaggerated but I really do love this place for all the reasons above. When you arrive you're immediately greeted by a friendly waiter or waitress and asked if you'd like to sit outside or inside (I highly recommend sitting outside) and you're seated pretty quickly. They do get very busy from about 6:30 on, and sometimes parking also becomes a little hard to find, but it's worth the trouble! If you do sit inside, the décor is very Mediterranean and cozy, not overdone like some other Middle Eastern restaurants near by, this place is actually classy. They also have an upstairs lounge that has some great couches to hang out on if you're there to just relax with some friends for some hookah and wine; which btw it's BYOB! Awesome! The menu, they have all your normal Middle Eastern fare like you would find in most other places, but the difference is defiantly in the taste! The flavors are amazing, from the hummus, to the tabouleh...it's the kind of stuff my mom would cook! So so so GOOD! I highly recommend the La'Ziza Chef Platter, it's just the best bang for your buck; you get to try a little of everything and it's not terribly expensive for the portions they serve. Oh and the shish kabob meat is filet mignon! All for $18.95, what a steal! Also make sure to try their La'Ziza French Fries, you'll thank me later! After you eat and you can barely move out of your sit, just sit back and enjoy the scenery with a hookah in hand. Try the knafeh for dessert. They kind of transformed their outside seating to resemble something the looks like you were actually taken back to the middle east; with the grape leaves and grapes growing overhead and the lights and sounds of people enjoying themselves, it's terrific. The hookahs are amazing, they have plenty of flavors of tobacco for you to choose, I recommend the House Special....it's sort of like the mixed fruit flavor but better. It's also a family run business, so you definitely get that extra attention that you normally don't get a large chain places. Tony & Hafiz, the owners are great. They walk around and make sure their guests are enjoying themselves. Warda, the head hostess/waitress is a doll as well as Jamal, Motaz, and the entire rest of the staff... I really could go on and on about how great this place is...but I'll leave it to you guys to decide. I really really hope this local gem stays around for years to come; it's defiantly a place worth checking out!I'll add pictures soon.
<review# 989,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/19/2011,2/13/2012,182,493,3,6,3>One of my co-workers recently told me that he was going to Huntley Taverne for a dinner with his in-laws. After the dinner, he was amazed by how good the food and atmosphere at the Taverne was. So...Father's Day rolls around and I made a reservation for Saturday at 6:45 p.m.Courtesy valet parking. Instantly know that this place is "fancy".The hostess brings us to our table outside looking onto the street, but unfortunately, my dad doesn't want to sit outside so we had to forfeit that table for another table inside. The first of two waiters comes over quickly asking about drinks. He was very informative about the drink menu and offered up some extra tid-bits. Within a few more minutes, our food server came over to explain the menu a little bit more as well. I really liked the two waiter combo that Huntley Taverne offers. It lets both waiters really hone in on what they have to know about and both had answers to EVERY question we could throw at them.For the food, we ordered a couple Caesar Salads, a Fried Calamari Salad, two Tuna entrees, a Hanger Steak entree, and the Espresso Rubbed Cowboy Steak. Everything was delicious. My parents said the Caesar Salads were on point and were exactly what they were suppose to be. They even come with freshly made croutons that are soft on the inside (really freaked my Dad out). I enjoy my Fried Calamari salad, but I thought that frying the calamari gave it too much of a salty taste and actually cheapened the salad. I would have probably preferred it to be grilled calamari, but the entire salad was still delicious and the taste of the dressing was licking the bowl good.As for the entrees, again, everything was delicious. The Tuna was cook very rare, but both, my girlfriend and mom felt like it was a TAD bit overdone. The rarer the better. My Hanger Steak was delicious and I really enjoyed the Orzo Salad that it was laying upon. My Dad really liked his Espresso Cowboy Steak so much so that he asked the waiter about the cooking process and which cut of the meat it was.The real highlight of the meal, besides food, was my Kentucky Bourbon Iced Tea, which I downed two of. DELICIOUS. I plan on coming back just for those with maybe a personal pizza by the bar. I can't tell you enough about how great that drink was.4 stars for Huntley only because our final bill came out to about $246, which for the amount of food and experience, I thought it really could have been closer to the $200 bill rather than the $250-300. I still would enjoy coming back, maybe even just to hang around the bar.
<review# 990,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/6/2011,2/12/2012,1550,325,2,8,3>We have been here a few times in the last 2 weeks and are really enjoying it very much.The service is very attentive, accurate and helpful.We prefer dinner over lunch.  For lunch I would still go to the Mantra buffet because the food quality is high and it is a good value for your $.  I thought the lunch portions at Brick Lane Curry, for $10, were a bit skimpy.We have sampled several of the appetizers.  Last night we finally decided to try the Imli Baingan.  It is described as "Fine chips of eggplant topped with tamarind sauce and cheddar cheese".  The cheddar cheese part threw us off and stopped us from ordering at our first few visits.  This was an excellent dish.   It made us think of it as Indian nachos.  The cheese is not  melted.  It is shredded and at room temperature.I have been ordering the Meat Sizzler(Trio of Chicken, Lamb Chops & shammi Kebab).  It is a very large portion and very shareable.  Each piece of the chicken trio is seasoned differently.  The lamb chops have a tamarind based infused crust and are fantastic.  You get two of them too!  It comes on a sizzling platter, like you see fajitas sometimes at restaurants, with onions, peppers etc.My wife has been eating, and sharing, the paneer madras.  The madras is a "medium-to-hot gravy tempered with mustard seeds, curry leaves and finished with coconut milk".  We have tried all the desserts and they have all been wonderful.  My favorite has been their version of rice pudding.I guess we have gone at off hours because the place has not been packed at all.
<review# 991,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/12/2011,2/11/2012,278,439,3,2,2>Yay! So glad it finally opened! After reassuring our friends we weren't trying to take them somewhere remote to kill them, we arrived at the repurposed warehouse/biergarten. Yeah it's a shlep but if you don't like it there's always Teak and Lana near the PATH ;)They have a seasonal menu of beers on tap and bottles. I've only had food from the grill but it's very good. Their musical selection is for those who mourn k-rock and 101.9. The ONLY complaint I have it the deafening din inside. I know, grandma, whatever. But they need some tapestries or ceiling panels to absorb some of the noise so you don't have to hunch over the table to hear your companion. They don't have tv's but they did break down and put in a projector. Looks like they realized German biergarten or not, us Americans are not giving up our baseball and football! Or alternately for entertainment you can check out the girls who got way too dressed up, the idiots trying to chug their biers, and the guy getting his face smashed into a wall. Something for everyone?
<review# 992,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/1/2011,2/10/2012,189,210,6,7,5>Epicurean: A person devoted to refined sensuous enjoyment (especially of good food and wine).Guilty as charged.In my opinion, rating a business 5 stars should be reserved for those establishments with a unique product that you will go out of your way to seek out.. Pal Park bakery  more than meets this criteria for they possess  the holy Grail of Danish........the  filled pecan ring   When I first heard of this danish I thought to myself " Who ever thought to slice a pecan ring horizontally and fill it with cream?"  You gluttonous evil genius   This weird combo works!!   And it rocks.Every component of this danish is perfection.1.  The danish pastry.  Flaky, buttery without being dry or greasy.  And not overcooked; I can't stand when danish are baked too dark.  This was perfectly light/golden.  Probably the best danish pastry I have ever tasted in my life.2.  The filling.  The italian pastry cream tastes like it was whipped by the angels in heaven.  Spiked with vanilla it is smooth, light and rich at the same time.  Denser than whipped cream but lighter that bavarian pudding cream.  Just un-freakin believable.3,  The pecans.  These aren't some ordinary, pecans someone bought in  bag in ShopRite and sprinkled on top.  These taste like high quality pecans that were picked right off a tree in Georgia and shipped up the East coast.  Fresh/buttery/nutty.  Again, the best pecans I have ever tasted on a bakery danish.4.  The drizzle.  Again, perfection.  Icing was perfect consistency and sweetness.  One bite of this danish and you will be closing your eyes moaning in delight.........it's just that good!A nice bonus about Pal Park bakery is that they sell their legendary pecan ring in two sizes!    A mini, which only costs $4.00 and can probably feed 2-4 people.  (check out the picture I took of it next to my coffee cup so you can get an idea of the size)  I also tried the 7 layer cake which was very good also (4 stars for that).   I will definitely be heading back to PPB, they have an enormous selection, the staff was extremely friendly.  And a big, big bonus for NJ...........they are open on Mondays.
<review# 993,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/11/2011,2/9/2012,158,296,7,6,6>The most important thing you should take away from Barcade is the love of good craft beer. The taps change about as often as they run out, and every selection is damned fine. There's nothing on the list that I'd ever turn my nose up at, and neither should you!The space itself is open, with lots of sitting and hanging-out space. The bar is pretty roomy and reasonably well-managed. The staff have never been anything but helpful, but when it's busy, it can take an extra minute or two to get their attention for a refill. Be patient, it's worth it.I had a sandwich here the first time I came. It was great, just a little overpriced. Not much, just maybe a dollar more than I'd normally spend. Still, very tasty and nicely prepared.One thing that is a black mark is that the games are always in one stage of disrepair or another. That's expected, because they are old hardware and need constant maintenance, but sometimes I've gone in and a solid 6 or more games were out of commission. That's a bit of a bummer, especially when I want to smash the Galaga high score that they have posted (piker only got 166,000 last I'd checked. That's bollocks!).All in all, highly recommended and it will be a regular hangout of mine for a long time to come.An afterthought: I was raised in bars that had video games. It was the cheapest babysitter my folks could get. They'd go off and drink with their buddies and I'd get a half a roll of quarters to go and blow up the Centipede machine. Me, coming from a long line of alcoholics, I believe that having good distractions while you're drinking is a good way to keep from getting stupid drunk. It gives you some reason to go out instead of just swilling booze with your friends. While that is a fine activity, it's just not something that exults man above the elephants who throw rotten fruit in their watering holes to make a cheap hooch (look it up, they do it).So I'm increasing the review from 4 to 5 stars, because I think that Barcade is one step further along the path of civilization. Revel, carouse, get drunk and be merry, but do it with a solid Ms. Pac Man tournament to boot.
<review# 994,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/7/2011,2/8/2012,28,71,5,5,5>This is not health food.  If you're a vegetarian, do not come here.BUT, if you're into stuff that's fried and delicious, Je's is the place for you.  It's an oasis in a part of Newark that mostly features restaurants that make you want to call the health department when you walk in.  Not Je's, though.  It's great food, great service, a clean environment, and won't bust your wallet - most meals are around $10, and make sure you get the cobbler for dessert; that'll set you back another $2 or so.Soups are also great.  Actually, everything's great.  Just come here.  I promise, you'll leave stuffed and happy.
<review# 995,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/13/2011,2/7/2012,248,246,7,9,9>On foursquare, this restaurant is called Tofu Stew House. On the bill we received after dinner, the restaurant was named Osaka Japanese Restaurant. The sign on the facade reads Organic Tofu House. Names confuse, but taste is real. If you were to whisper, "Most unique restaurant in Ridgewood" or "Korean comfort food", I would know exactly what you mean: the unassuming Korean restaurant located in a small strip mall on Godwin Avenue.The menu is printed on a paper placemat. You can choose from bubbling tofu stew (the restaurant's namesake), various types of Korean pancakes, dumplings, and bibimbap. We ordered the vegetable tofu stew, the kimchi/vegetable pancake, and the dumplings, which are gently fried.Before your food arrives, one of the waitresses (who are extremely friendly and attentive) will bring you a few small plates: one raw egg, one plate of kimchi, one little salad, and one little plate of marinated sprouts. The egg is for cracking into your bubbling tofu stew, if you choose.My favorite part of the whole meal was devouring the kimchi pancake. It's just so fun to eat - like a pizza - and very flavorful. I never thought a food so unlike what I usually eat could make me feel so comfortable. I highly recommend!
<review# 996,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/27/2011,2/6/2012,40,113,3,5,3>Oh Mesob how I love thee. Really, truly.  A groupon brought me here with only one Ethiopian experience under my belt - and this restaurant did not disappoint.A plethora of vegetarian options, a dimly lit airy ambiance, BYOB and unlimited sponge bread.  I almost cant finish this review as memories of my meals here make my mouth water.I have consistently shared the veggie platter with one other person and have never been disappointed - rather wonderfully stuffed and satisfied.  The food here is rich and comforting and I have yet to try an option that didn't leave me begging for more.It's like the Trevi fountain - once you come you will be returning.
<review# 997,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/18/2012,2/5/2012,169,317,3,8,8>Trendy infiltrates quaint Main Street! MK Valencia is seemingly something straight out of NYC's Meatpacking District, with its high end finishes and  contemporary setting. Despite the posh look and feel, MK Valencia maintains the warmth and  friendliness that establishments in the area are known to show to patrons. Everything from service to food is top notch and worth every penny spent. Speaking of pennies, you'll need a lot of it -- this place is pricey. For dinner, I had the Red and Golden Beet Salad ($10), which was quite a risky move considering I'm not the biggest fan of beets. However, this fragrant and balanced salad did well to change my mind. The beets were subtle and worked perfectly with the accompanying green beans, goat cheese and roasted pecans.For my main, I tried the Wild Mushroom Ragu ($10). It was nothing short of incredible! This dish is an appetizer, but is filling enough to be an entree. I didn't try any of their signature cocktails ($13-$14) because I'm not a fan of sweet, fru-fru drinks but my friends did and enjoyed them (forgot to note which ones they tried). I did my usual glass(es) of white wine and was very happy with the selections available ($9-$12/glass). I'm very excited to try the lovely patio in the back. It will be opened for outdoor dining in the spring/summer months. Despite their well-deserved accolades, I think MK will eventually need to lower their price points, or introduce lunch specials and happy hours if they plan on keeping their doors open. I also hope that the current high standard of service and food is maintained as business grows. This is a local gem that I'd like to see stick around for a very long time!
<review# 998,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/15/2012,2/4/2012,980,498,2,5,4>My wife and I absolutely love this place. Such a great addition to the neighborhood. The couple that I believe own it are really helpful, cool & couldn't be better at what they do. They have such a great eye for stuff, and must have great connections because their inventory absolutely hits the mark. I just wish they would find some size 8.5 men's shoes! I've nearly dove across the floor their a few times to grab shoes only to find that they are not my size.Both my wife and I have found great stuff here. We outfitted ourselves and another couple we were going to a wedding with where the dress code was 'Brooklyn Chic.' From the response we got from other guests at the reception, we nailed it.They always have so much fun stuff here. I found a fantastic flannel that has truly become my 'Sunday shirt.' My wife has found everything from every day styles to "OMG Where did you get that?!"I almost don't want to tell you how good this place is because my greedy side wants all the selection to be ours. hahaha.
<review# 999,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/14/2011,2/3/2012,161,135,5,12,5>This off the beaten path establishment is in Jersey City's PADNA district, tucked out of sight from the buzz and hustle of Marin and Grove Street's traffic and noise.  The eclectic post-modern decor seems picked from your favorite flea market but has enough function to seat a large number of people working on their laptops comfortably (a +1 over Legal Grounds).  The light from oversized windows makes The Warehouse airy and bright, even on a dreary day, inviting you to stay awhile and enjoy the gritty view of lofts and industrial warehouse spaces that surround. This is one of the few places in downtown Jersey City that plays good music (aside from perhaps the brunch crew at Beechwood Cafe) and in my book, that's the measure of a great coffee date with friends.  As others have said, the "barista" culture is not off the charts, but the coffee is tasty and generous, the bread (baked by Balthazar) "de-lish", and they offer almond milk. Try one of their quiche or tarts for breakfast (they come with pita chips and a green salad), or one of their satisfying sandwiches at lunch time.This is a great place to come and "work from home", or to discover while attending local events in the area such as the Record Riots and other community events hosted at Parlay Studios (across the street, one block away). There is plenty of space to lock up your bike, and the dog-friendly crew keeps water outside for your four-legged friends. The Warehouse regularly has little musical acts playing, and have a chess table as well as a well stocked library of art and design books for perusing.When it gets a little busy (rarely, but if so it is busy late afternoon on weekdays) the staff are accommodating and thorough.  I have always loved how they bring you your dishes (sourced from Fish's Eddy) with care.
