<review# 1,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/17/2010,4/25/2011,275,429,5,7,6>Man.  There sure were a lot of old, rich, white people at Atlas last Thursday.  I thought maybe the younger folks would roll in later (we were seated at 7:30pm), but surprisingly, once the tables cleared, that seemed to be it for the night.  I found that pretty shocking, since it was a Thursday night and the food was FANTASTIC.Thanks to Yelp, I knew to order the crispy eggplant appetizer.  Heavenly!  So nicely crisped, not greasy or mushy at all--just perfectly prepared and delicious.  Justin enjoyed the mixed lettuces with radishes and a tarragon vinaigrette and the beet salad was nice as well--not as spectacular as the one at Terrene, but certainly tasty.  The entrees were really excellent--duck breast (moist, not fatty) with cherries, potato croquette and crisp green beans for me; trout in a gorgeous preserved lemon butter sauce for Justin.  That sauce?  Worth bathing in, if you ask me.  It was luxuriously velvety and we used every bit of food we had (fish, green beans, bread crumbs, EVERYTHING) to sop up all its goodness.For dessert, I wavered.  Should I get the butterscotch pudding the new owners made sure to keep on Atlas' menu or go with the panna cotta?  Buttermilk panna cotta won out this time and it was the best I've enjoyed in St. Louis thus far--cool and creamy, just the right amount of jiggle and perfectly paired with gorgeous blackberries.  Justin had a scoop of homemade peach ice cream--and our server was sweet enough to put a birthday candle in it to help us celebrate his special day.  No singing at this classy place (phew!), but the candle was a welcome gesture.Our server did not dazzle me--she seemed to avoid looking at me, for some odd reason (beet-stained teeth?  Booger on my nose?  Partial to handsome husbands?), but she did seem to warm up towards the end of our meal.  She certainly didn't ruin the wonderful food or the calm atmosphere of the restaurant.We'll be back.  The butterscotch pudding will be mine.
<review# 2,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/14/2011,4/24/2011,527,814,2,13,7>I am going to predict the future, I  see Taste being named the best new restaurant in St. Louis for 2011.  If you have heard the expression, "A Taste of Heaven", you will experience it at Taste. Each dish is unique and magical in it's preparation. We attended one of the soft openings and then went back for dinner when the doors were officially open. The decor is reminiscence of a speak easy during the days of prohibition with a semi romantic twist. Black curtains cover the windows and entry. leading you into a totally private dining experience. I love the fact that more new restaurants are doing the small plate format. It not only serves you a healthier portion,  but gives you the opportunity to experience more options by sharing. We opted to share, so we could get a good taste of "Taste". We begun our feast with The Country Terrine. An excellent pate, with a whole grain mustard on the side and slices from a crisp baguette. They offer this is three levels, 1-2-3 depending on the number of terrines you want to try. We then shared a Arugula Salad, that was incredible. I normally do not like anchovies, but the white anchovies in this salad made it pop. The dressing was a simple olive oil and fresh squeezed lemon juice. Our entrees were the Fish & Chips and Lasagna. Their Fish & Chips are not typical Fish & Chips, they use trout and serve it pan seared. It was unbelievable! I will not share it again, it will be all mine. It was such a good find and to find it during Lent is a double bonus. The Lasagna will be a favorite of vegetarians through out the city. It is amazing how something so simple can burst with flavor. Four basic ingredients; ricotta, escarole, radishes and parmesan. They then add their magic and presto a lasagna out of the ordinary. We then cleansed our palate with Rosemary Lime Sorbet before moving on to our desserts. Yes, I guess you could consider the sorbet a dessert, but it this case we were using it as a intermezzo . The sorbet was refreshing.  I would have never thought of adding rosemary in sorbet, the dessert chef is a master of creativity. Our actual desserts were Sticky Toffee Pudding and Pigwiches.  My favorite was the STP, it's a true English pudding so it is more of a cake with a side of vanilla ice cream. The cake was moist and sauce was full of toffee flavor. The Pigwiches, are two cookies cut into the shape of pigs with a smear of sweet bacon cream between them.  Yummy.The service is top notch and I love the fact that you can see the magic of preparing your food in the back of the dining room.
<review# 3,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/30/2011,4/23/2011,194,81,4,9,7>After reading and hearing what seemed like hundreds of recommendations for both Sasha's locations, I finally headed to Sasha's on Demun.  All I can think is... What took me so long?For some reason, I have this image in my head of what the perfect Sunday brunch should be.  I want a little locally owned restaurant with a friendly staff, unique breakfast creations, a great atmosphere, and prices that don't break the bank.  I have been searching for a long time, but most places don't live up to this ideal for one reason or another.  I think I can stop searching because I have finally found the place that I had envisioned.I started out with a mimosa.  It was well-made with the right mix of sparkling wine and orange juice.  For my meal, I opted for the brioche French toast topped with caramelized bananas.  It came with a side of fruit, bacon, and a potato pancake.  All I can say is that it was everything I expected and more.  The brioche was amazingly fluffy and the bananas were the perfect topping.  I had a hard time deciding between the French toast and the Strawberries and crème fraiche crepe.  I think I made a great choice, but I am ready to go back soon to try the crepe.Our server was efficient and very friendly.  The prices were very reasonable for the quantity and quality of food.  I will be returning for brunch and will also be back to try their amazing wine selection.
<review# 4,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/19/2010,4/22/2011,15,47,3,4,5>Tried Oasis for dinner last night with the Yelp crew - the adventurous International Supper Club - and was sooo glad I RSVP'd. The place is small but the service and food are top-notch. I started with a glass of Riesling, quite reasonably priced for the brand & pour size, and it was ice cold. We had a huge group, but the owner was joshing with us and took excellent care. I had the Mideast Plate: Greek salad, hummus, falafel, and tzaziki served w/warm pita. I also had some grilled chicken on top because, why not?The hummus was delicious - creamy and smooth. The tzaziki wasn't exceptional but it was also very good, and it came in handy as a dip for the falafel, which was very dry. I actually didn't care too much for the falafel because of some spice that was in it. I can't place it, but i didn't like it much. The greek salad and the grilled chicken were perfect - the chicken was a little browned but very flavorful and not dry at all. The salad was exactly the right size to go with all the dips. I definitely had more than enough to eat.I have tried a few different Greek places since I've been back in St. Louis and haven't been happy with any of them (though I hear Pita Plus is great, but WAY out there, and Renouche is also supposed to be good, too). This place made up for that with the food, and MORE than satisfied me once you account for the excellent service, reasonable price, and fantastic company.I'll be back, and this time I might just stick with chicken & hummus.
<review# 5,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/20/2010,4/21/2011,55,255,7,9,9>What happens when an American doctor travels to Nepal to climb Mount Everest, and ends up adopting a local kid who grows up to get advanced degrees in social work and public health?The kid ends up opening a Nepalese/Indian/Korean restaurant that gives free health screenings and counseling on Sundays, that's what happens.Anyway.  We were unable to decide on an appetizer, so we got the Special Everest Appetizer: Vegetable fritters, sambosas (a pastry filled with potato and seasonings), and steamed meat dumplings.  All were pretty good, with the dumplings being my favorite.For dinner, I got the chicken variant of the "Complete Nepalese Meal," which came with chunks of chicken, vegetables, lentil soup, basmati rice, and a few pickled vegetables.The chicken was pretty darn spicy, but pretty darn good as well.  The vegetables had an interesting seasoning to them.  The rice was, well, just plain old basmati rice and the soup was really bland.  The pickled vegetables were, uhh, interesting -- imagine a cross between a pickle and an olive, with the flavor intensity cranked up to 11.  It was potent stuff.My wife got the sizzling chicken, which had chicken that seemed identical to what I ordered, except it was served with cooked onions, peppers, and tomatoes instead of the other accompaniments.  She thought the chicken was way too spicy (so I gobbled it up) and the vegetables were a little bland (they kinda were), so she wasn't completely thrilled with what she ordered.  But as I've said before, if she wants her opinion to count, she can open up her own Yelp account :)The owner/chef seems to have a real commitment to helping people out -- in addition to the aforementioned offerings on Sunday, he's started a foundation to help needy Nepalese kids.  So that's a nice touch.
<review# 6,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/25/2010,4/20/2011,82,85,,6,6>We had a great experience here for dinner. I called ahead, since I'd read it can get crowded on the weekends, but the hostess informed me they don't take reservations and that it wasn't full. Upon arrival, we were seated immediately upstairs. Megan W. was right on about the "rustic contemporary" decor. I loved it! Cozy, warm feeling but it gets really loud up there! The beer list is extensive! I tried a Blonde Belgium and an Abbey, both were good. Everyone at the table tried something different, and we were all satisfied with our selections. The menu is small, but it's unique, and most of what we tried we were pleased with. We had the smoked paprika popcorn, which was good. Also, for an appetizer we had the soft pretzels with queso dip. I'm not a huge pretzel fan, and the cheese dip was warm and gooey, but wasn't really spicy or flavorful at all. For entrees I asked for the waitress's opinion, and she had a few things she recommended, one being the pork and grapefruit salad. I was a little panicked, and everyone was ready to order, so I just went ahead and ordered the salad. It had nuts and goat cheese in it, and with the grapefruit it was a yummy and refreshing accompaniment to my beer. I just had a hard time with the cold pulled pork on top, which is my fault, because I'm weird about cold meat in salad anyway. My husband had the ham sandwich, and it was delicious! It was served on a sticky honey bun with homemade chips to the side. My gf got the chicken and rice pot with some kind of pomegranate sauce, and it was excellent as well. I heard no complaints about her date's steak sandwich either. This would be a cool place to stop in for a drink and appetizers some night. It's a place where you could come and "nibble" on a first date.
<review# 7,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/8/2010,4/19/2011,220,464,3,8,6>$6.99 Sunday "the best chicken EVER" supper was way to good not to write about it.  The hype I heard from the father & cute little daughter about the place made me want to be "muhaha" about the experience, but the chicken was great battered deep fried greasy chunks of meat.  The littlest 7 year old girl ate most of her breast, thigh, leg & wing and left the choice of French fries & corn for sides mostly alone.  The chicken is that good.  The sarcastic Junior High daughter left her i-phone alone (even w/ alerts beeping) long enough to eat most of her big meal!I had bowls of the vinegar based Cole slaw & mashed potato w/ brown gravy.  Both were pretty tasty sides with many others being offered.  I tasted the French fries & could tell they were cooked in the same grease as the chicken giving it more flavor than normal.Tabasco was the only hot sauce.  A bone plate and a much needed wet-ones was provided.  Even then I still needed to wash my face & hands from the grease.  (While not the healthiest, the food was tasty!)Being the frugal eaters, we ate w/ buy one get on free coupon my friend had and they honored them on the special... That is $3.50 for 4 piece of chicken & two sides with waitress service!  There was only one server and they said they had more business than usual, but she was nice & kept up for the most part so we tipped 20% of the $10.99 normal price w/salad for each meal.  (This has been a shout-out to my two use to be waitress nieces that used to complain about people not tipping regular on discounts ;) The place is mostly a Irish tavern style with booths and tables in the center.  They did have some big screens to watch the Packers destroy the Cowboys.
<review# 8,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/28/2011,4/18/2011,75,425,6,4,4>Thank you Groupon for bringing this place to my attention. OMG I fell in love with Franco earlier this week. The atmosphere is a mixed bag of contemporary funky art with a rustic cabin feel, combined felt cozy and inviting (ok and a little confusing). Our server was prompt and patient as I pondered wine off their just long enough wine list. After all the amazing reviews we had to get the Pommes Frites and I've been craving them ever since. You have to get these! We also got the beet gnocchi which wasn't bad, it just wasn't good enough to stand up to those PFs!! and the bread, OMG, rustic warm bread with soft butter. I could have inhaled a loaf or two. My main dish wasn't a hard choice since I'm a sucker for a hearty Cassoulet. and since I'm the puppet master of the food envy monkey that lives on Josh S's back I had to tempt fate and get the best sounding dish on the menu. It stood up to everything I wanted it to be. Enough pork belly that I didn't have to fish for it, sausage with a touch of heat and a perfect bean ratio. The best part of this dish was the next day. Now before you realize that I almost always talk about dishes on day 2, my mom was the queen bee of leftovers and I judge a lot of good food based on the next day. Cassoulet for lunch was spectacular. Enough so that I thought of going back and getting another one to go. Yes, that good. Although Josh did seem to love his trout enough to keep the food envy monkey safely caged. Oh and the caramel and sea salt ice cream is a delish as it sounds. Try it. See you soon Franco, even if it is only in my dreams until we meet again.
<review# 9,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/20/2011,4/17/2011,361,578,,5,4>This place is all sorts of awesome. It's also conveniently located to campus, so it's on-the-ready to compensate for bad days. I love oysters. I've brought groups here. One of the friends I brought said that this place offered his first positive seafood experience in St. Louis (he's a New Yorker, and has been here for almost two years). All my other friends like it, too, though. The decor is spectacular. It's really charming. I love the shape of the bar, and the tables. The floor tiles are just as gorgeous. And (snap!) on a nice day, all the windows flip open, making this an easy, breezy place. Last time I went (within the last week), they had two special $7 off-menu cocktails, one featuring my current favorite whiskey (Whipper Snapper, from Oregon, fyi), and Tiger Blood, to commemorate you-know-who. I was amused.As for food, it pretty much all rocks. I love oysters (as I said before), and these are fresh. They might be a little pricey, but hey, we're in St. Louis. I haven't seen any oyster beds here (nor do I think I would trust what came out of them if there were). The fries taste like potatoes. The steamed mussels are fabulous, especially with the cream sauce. (Dip your fries in that!) Fried shrimp and fried oysters are good (especially on the fried oyster caesar salad.) And the best part? I just found out that they'll be open for lunch every day, starting THIS coming Monday! WOOHOO!!!
<review# 10,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/19/2011,4/16/2011,154,611,6,9,8>I now know the definition of foodgasm: Aya Sofia! Mine is still lasting through today. I swear, I didn't even eat breakfast because I'm still full! And I'll be having my leftovers for lunch.Last night was the best International Supper Club ever (and the most expensive!) Maybe those two things go hand in hand. It was worth it, no doubt about it.Aya Sofia is so romantic and I'm glad I wasn't trying to have a romantic dinner for 2 while the loud group of 20 of us were there! I definitely would come back. Guys, I highly suggest you bring your partners here because you would get major brownie points! The bar area is small and we quickly moved into the dining room as our numbers grew. There are lots of booths with gauzy curtains around them  adding to the romantic ambiance. The patio looks lovely, if it weren't 20 degrees outside! I ordered a "Lebanese Princess" cocktail, which is vodka, peach schnapps, apricot nectar and sparkling wine. YUM! It was so yummy that it convinced Erin G. to order 2. I would've if I didn't have to drive! It was a nice gesture to have carafes of water on the tables so we didn't have an empty glass, but since the service was so awesome I think we probably would have had full glasses anyway.As many people mentioned, the service was impeccable. One of the best places I've been to in terms of service. Our waiter was super funny and nice, gave recommendations, and there were several people around to take care of our every need. Our food came out timed perfectly, even though we had about 20 people, so we were sitting forever waiting for our food while someone else had theirs or vice versa. Everyone was friendly and wonderful. I loved it! It went with the great ambiance.As for the food - as I mentioned, major foodgasm. I tried several appetizers, including the hummus (creamy and with a nice kick to it, maybe roasted red peppers?), baba ganoush (not a big eggplant fan - liked the consistency, not chunky, but too oniony for me), yogurt dip that I forget the name of (creamy and tasty, though maybe not stand alone), and the feta and spinach in phyllo, which stole the show. They came looking like egg rolls (long tubes) but weren't greasy and the insides were oozy with feta. They came with this tangy delicious tomato based sauce that I loved! I think I would come here just for this dish. Props to them for having many vegetarian dishes! I ordered the spinach and feta noodle casserole for my entree (and could've done without since it was so much food). Its presentation was very nice, with parsley on top and green beans and carrots to the side. The veggies were perfectly cooked with a nice seasoning that I'd love the recipe for! The noodles had another tangy tomato sauce and did not skimp on the feta. A cheese lover's dream! This is one of my fave new places. I can't WAIT to go back!!
<review# 11,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/26/2009,4/30/2009,26,116,3,4,3>Here's the 411 on Eleven Eleven, it's superb.1111 redeemed themselves tonight. My wife and I returned to Miss 1111 for another try, after our first visit less then stellar about a year ago. We kept hearing how good it was, but we know what our experience was last time, so we stayed away. Tonight we rolled the dice and went back to try Miss 1111 again, for the second time.Boom, it was fantastic from start to finish. We had Crab Cakes, Baby Spinach Salad, Pork Tenderloin wrapped in Bacon, and a Filet with Butternut Squash Risotto....all very good.
<review# 12,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/28/2009,4/29/2009,129,181,,4,4>This place is unlike anything I've ever seen before.  As a person who comes from a family of Missouri farmers, I've often wondered to myself over the years that if so many wonderful products and foods are grown and made here, why aren't we able to buy them at our local markets?  Well, at Local Harvest Grocery, they have the courage to ask that question and then do something about it.  Albeit tiny, this store is filled to the brim with fresh, local yummies.  They have a small bulk section that has some grains, nuts and beans.  Small produce section with organic, local stuff.  Locally produced meats, and more.  I would have to say that it is pricey (again, the irony that we have to pay more for something that is produced right here) but the quality is so high.  Check it out and support your Missouri farmers.
<review# 13,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/21/2009,4/24/2009,1,16,4,5,3>Don't worry Hacienda, I have got your back. I've been going to this place since before all of the additions and expansion, yes that was a long time ago. Hacienda is the benchmark of STL Mexican food. It has been around a long time and has always been popular, so people start to hate on it. I read all of the indifferent comments about this spot and it makes me feel defensive of a true St. Louis institution. The building has history. The patio is unrivaled. The margarita's are known as the best (Careful, they do F you up). These are given facts. I will take it a step further. The food is awesome! Chili rellanos are the best in town. Tacos - love. Carne Asade - love. Chips and salsa is sold at the grocery store for the love of god, is that not a positive indication of their worth to your palate? Stop hating on the perennial favorite you food snobs. Hacienda brings it each and every time.Went again last night. Guess what? Still rocks.
<review# 14,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/29/2008,4/23/2009,34,50,6,4,4>Pi is so good it's stupid. $4 PBR pitchers? $1 PBRs from 11-7? PIZZA?! SAVING THE ENVIRONMENT?!?! Just shut up, I can't handle it. Pi is the kind of place that gives St. Louis transplants hope that our fair city is on the up and up. Restaurants like this are a dime-a-dozen in Chicago,  but in St. Louis it's refreshing and awesome. There is something to be said for entrepreneurs who see past our decidedly hoosier-ific rep and  funnel their genius and scratch into proving that St. Louis can be progressive. And if not progressive, then something more than a provel-drenched saltine cracker slathered in tomato paste. And deep-dish dissers: don't knock it til you've tried it, because Pi's brand of deep-dish isn't like the greasy gut-bombs you get in the Windy City. The crust is perfect, all the ingredients co-mingle in your maw and the flavors are so fresh and clean, you'll forget you're eating pizza. Which could be dangerous, except it's physically impossible to eat more than 2 slices.Only complaint: the pizza is never scalding hot. I prefer my food to be served so hot that if a server spills on me, I'll be burned badly enough to warrant suing the joint and retiring at 24.  Not that I go around suing people or anything, I just cannot eat lukewarm food. Ever.  Faves:  Bucktown, Lincoln Park, East Loop. (Maybe because I used to live in Chicago?)
<review# 15,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,4/21/2009,4/22/2009,30,78,2,3,2>We went yesterday to happy hour at the bar area at kitchen k.  We didn't get food, but the menu looked interesting and extensive.  The happy hour specials were good...large (24oz) draft beers were $4.25 and premium specialty cocktails were $5.The ambiance left something to be desired.  The music in some areas was much louder than others and as the night set it, it became very dark.  If I was eating food in the bar area, I think it would have been too dark for me.  But, people watching along Washington Avenue was fun and the service was decent.For happy hour, I'd go again, and iId like to try the food at a future visit.
<review# 16,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/14/2009,4/21/2009,24,68,2,2,3>Last night was the first time I'd been to Sub Zero in awhile and I wasn't dissapointed.  We went for late drinks and some snacks around 10 pm and could easily find a spot for all 6 of us to sit.  We were greeted quickly by a server who was nice and speedy.  The drinks were certainly the highlight of the evening, wheather it was a Hawaii Three-O or just their peach mango vodka on the rocks.
<review# 17,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/4/2008,4/20/2009,15,74,7,9,5>Grant's Farm is one of the many landmark St. Louis institutions that I somehow put off visiting in the four years I've lived here until this year.  I've been missing out!  It's a very pleasant place to spend an afternoon, and I'm sure it's even better if you have kids.  Parking is $10 per car, but admission is free, AND once inside, you get two free A-B beers or malt beverages or whatever else they have in their extremely pleasant beer garden, which is a fairly accurate representation of some I've seen in Germany.Animals and tram rides!  Goat feeding!  Oh man, the goat feeding.  Talk about exhilarating.  For $1, you can buy a bottle of milk to feed a baby goat.  CUTE OVERLOAD.  They'll nibble on your pants, but that's more an honor than an annoyance.  The staff comprises retired older gentlemen almost exclusively.  All are friendly.  My friend and I concluded that Grant's Farm is where all the pleasantest grandpas go to grow old.
<review# 18,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,12/4/2008,4/19/2009,65,65,13,7,5>As I've said before, I can't stand chain restaurants. Part of the reason is because of lackluster/uninspired food, but another is because I don't feel like eating the same shit over and over again. Oh, you guys have calamari? And what's that? It comes with an aioli? How fuckin' fancy! I've never had that before!With that being said, I'm kind of torn on Triumph and their chain-like ways. First off, we showed up on a Sunday night at  4:55 (note: if you ever see me eating dinner this early, it means that I'm insanely hung over from a night of bad decisions, and I'm technically eating my breakfast; so come over and buy a brother a pick-me-up cocktail). We walked into the restaurant, and were then told by the hostess that it would be a few minutes before they could seat us, because they do not open until five. WTF.Last time I checked I wasn't in line for a Nintendo Wii, nor was I waiting for a general seating concert of Blind Melon, so let me sit the fuck down. Didn't you read the note I just posted on Yelp™? I am fucking hung over. Sit me down at a table and water me while I look over the menu--certainly that will take up the five minutes of ridiculous time that you have me waiting in your foyer trying to bait me into purchasing a TRIUMPH t-shirt. Anyway.So, we finally sit down, and I like what I see--modern, clean space, and a "moto-motif" that wasn't nearly as bad as I had been expecting. But then I open the menu and find what I fear may be the biggest sign that St. Louis' dining scene is going in circles.More and more I see that St. Louis' non-chains are morphing into carbon copies of each other--oh look, there's appetizer A! Oh, and entree B! What? You serve your desserts in pseudo amuse bouche style glasses? How original! On the flip side, there were some interesting takes done by Triumph. They had a "Road Trip" option on their soups, which was a flight of all three of their soups (though part of me suspects that they did this only because they found the retro-mod serving ware on crazy discount, and wanted an excuse to use them), and they also had an edamame "hummus" that wasn't amazing, but was definitely worth trying, if only to see what edamame hummus tastes like.The Lady Friend had a sandwich, which tasted like it came from Bread Co.; our friend had the Beef Medallions, which were good, but I expect at least  that level of goodness for the price (see Revival review), and I had the Fish and Chips, simply because I was curious to know how an Asian-inspired Fish and Chips would go down. Not that great. I know this review sounds totally negative, but it's not. It's more of a lamentation on the potential future of the St. Louis dining scene. Overall, Triumph is a very solid restaurant that serves the same stuff as other very solid restaurants here in the Gateway City, and to make up for it, tries to get creative with interesting apps and entrees, that don't really impress. The best thing about Triumph is their menu pricing--on nearly every entree they have a regular and a smaller serving option. So, you can get exactly the amount of food that you want, for exactly the amount of money that you want to spend (i.e. Beef Medallions for $20+ or $15). Is Triumph amazing? No. Would I come back? Certainly. Do I hate their hostess? Fuck yes I do.
<review# 19,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/17/2009,4/18/2009,196,203,10,7,6>FACTS.Joel's Shell is a block from my house. It's open 24-hours. It's a police sub-station. A large fountain soda is $1.07 (with tax). The fresh doughnuts arrive at 4am. The edge of its parking lot is an excellent spot from which to take photos of the Anheuser-Busch brewery. All of the people who work there are characters and I love them. Nobody parks in the parking spots, you park in the middle of the lot, and if you are caught parking in a parking spot you are obviously a noob.FACTS.
<review# 20,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/26/2009,4/14/2009,165,166,10,7,6>DO NOT order the Cesar salad on a date unless you are out with someone who has a garlic bulb fetish. Then you're safe. With that said, it still may have been the best Cesar salad I've ever had. My only real complaint about the *dining* at the Delmar Lounge is the lack of vegetarian options. The only meatless entree I noticed was a mushroom stuffed ravioli i.e. slug stuffed ravioli. (My biggest dining out pet peeve is that most places give vegetarians a great big mushroom and expect to get their dicks sucked off for it because they have a meatless option. *stab*). Don't get me wrong. I love the Delmar Lounge. The crowd is at-ease, and diverse. Lots of smiling faces. Comfy booths. Pretty much all you could want in a lounge. The draft beer selection tingles my special spot a little. They don't always have a cover and it's a measly few dollars for the musicians who are entertaining the junt. I, personally, MUCH rather cough up a couple bucks than listen to someone eles' idea of lounge music. *full. body. shiver.* It can be a little smoky, but it's an f-ing BAR! Get over it or go to your grandma's.
<review# 21,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/1/2014,9/11/2014,156,136,1,5,8>Three cheers for Entree on this edition of their rotating restaurant concept.It was bursting at the seams when we got there... they were hospitable and gave us a complimentary glass of champagne while we waited. We countered by ordering The Presbyterian and Ozark 75. Spent the first few minutes arguing about who got to order what, then devoured the breadbasket we had as an appetizer. Searched the restaurant for William Faulkner, but he must have left just before we arrived. I had one bite of my wife's chicken and waffles and the refused to let anyone touch my pork belly cooked sous vide. This was a poor choice as I had to be rolled out of the place. The refrigerators behind the bar are a stroke of genius that you wish you had thought of but can be thankful this space can authentically and creatively handle anything these folks decide to cook.
<review# 22,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/3/2014,9/10/2014,213,311,1,5,5>Drunken Fish CWE is one of our go to happy hour spots. Cheap sushi rolls, martinis, beers, and apps keep us coming back when were in need of a dependable early or late night happy hour spot. Great service, great sushi, and a trendy atmosphere are found here at Drunken Fish. If you're coming when it is not happy hour be prepared for a hefty bill as these sushi rolls are some of the most expensive in town, but they are delicious! They do have many non-sushi options that will please anyone who doesn't do food in the raw. Despite being considered a chain sushi restaurant, Drunken Fish does well enough to keep me as a customer. Come for happy hour, cocktails, date night or a group event as Drunken Fish can handle it all.
<review# 23,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/13/2014,9/9/2014,72,181,2,4,4>As far as I can tell, there are really only two places in the St. Louis area where you can buy fresh, quality sea food: Bob's and Whole Foods.  If you're not looking to spend half your paycheck, Bob's is the place to go!  The staff here is friendly and super-knowledgeable.  The selection is vast and the quality is always superb.
<review# 24,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/20/2014,9/8/2014,19,71,1,7,6>La Vallesana is definitely my favorite Mexican restaurant in St. Louis and in any city. Lately I've been evaluating my Stl restaurants against some of the best ethnic places in San Francisco, such as the Mission area. This place passes and exceeds that bar. The food is just excellent. Everything is super cheap compared to other "Americanized " Mexican places. Guacamole is super fresh. Their tortas (which I've never had elsewhere yet) and which they are known for are excellent. I've been getting them "Al Pastor" with spicy pork and pineapple. Excellent! Lately have been getting the burrito with pork and pineapple. Only $6.50 and comes with chips, guac a dollar extra. The actual burrito wrap tastes amazing, warm and crispy (nothing like Qdoba). Agua Frescas are cheap and huge! I prefer the watermelon one which they haven't had lately. Lastly, the homemade ice cream and Popsicles are to die for. Our biggest issue is too many flavors to choose from! We love the guava Popsicle and I recently had coconut ice cream mixed with pineapple sorbet- you must try this!Just a word of caution- my first few times here the service was not very good. One time a waitress dropped a plate if beans on me without offering to help clean it. It is actually a testament of how ridiculously good the food is that we've kept coming back. Our last couple of times though the service has been very good. They've started to recognize us and remembered what we ordered previously! Can be a little slow when busy, but what's the rush ?
<review# 25,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/4/2014,9/7/2014,18,106,2,3,4>They have so many beverages to choose from!  I didn't see the prices but I knew I wanted juice. Got the green zinger. Apple. Lemon. Kale. It was very tasty. Almost like lemonade but periodically I would get strong kale flavor. I had to shake it to keep the kale from rising to the top. The 16oz was $7.58.  They have these cool growlers. You can get juice refills for $22. I'm not sure how long the juice keeps though. There were lots of food and bakery items too but I didn't get any. It's pricey but I would like to try more juice flavors!
<review# 26,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/20/2014,9/6/2014,317,728,4,14,11>I met a girlfriend for lunch. We arrived early, and that was probably a good thing, 'cause the place filled up quickly.Our server, Lance, was spectacular, repeated our orders to ensure accuracy. And he was very friendly.I had an OLD coupon for a free pizza, and it was honored without a blink of an eye. BINGO!! Thank you, Pi!!We decided to split a small simple salad: field greens, marinated red onions, grape tomatoes, croutons (which we declined) and parmesan with a red wine vinaigrette.This was just the right amount knowing a large pizza is coming up. And it was a good salad. So fresh and crispy.We split the pizza: I got The Hill. I can't remember what she got.But we were both delighted with our pizzas.We both ate one piece and took the rest home.It was a delightful lunch!
<review# 27,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/3/2014,9/5/2014,147,86,1,4,4>Don't let the outside fool you. It's what's on the inside that counts. Hear that one before? Well, this little mexican joint is no exception. Upon arriving what looks like an empty plaza, the windows are completely and utterly tinted. You cannot see inside of the restaurant which makes it that much more mysterious... I for one am not too keen on mysteries when it comes to discovering restaurants but this one turned out to be a brilliant find.You go in, you find an empty table and sit down. Order your food and wait for the kitchen to make your order. It's that simple! The restaurant is actually connected to a store right next to it. The cashier rings you up inside the store. You will know what I mean when you stop in here for a bite.Let me start off by saying the homemade chips and salsa really set the tone for the rest of the meal. The salsa was fresh and had a hint of spiciness. It really set off my tastebuds. The crispy, warm chips complimented the salsa very well and not the other way around. The reason why I say that is, the salsa was the highlight of the two. I ordered 3 tacos. 1 fish, 1 tongue and 1 Al Pastor. The first two deserve their own paragraphs as they made quite an impression on me. The Al Pastor had your typical pork and pineapple mix but it didn't wow me as the other two did.The fish taco was special. It had a lightly fried fish which gave the taco a nice crispy crunch when you bite into it. The special sauce that was on the taco gave it that extra flair. It really set this taco off. One of the best fish tacos I have ever tasted. It came out piping hot which is the way I like it. The cold cabbage and onions complimented the fish.The tongue taco. What to say about this one? Uhm.. it was delicious! Every single bite of it made me wish I hadn't taken a bite since it was soooo incredibly awesome tasting. From the first bite to the last one, the meat was super tender and flavorful. I mean "melt in your mouth" tender. The last bite tasted as wonderful as the first one. I wish I had ordered all 3 tongue tacos. DO NOT be misled by what looks like a stripper joint from the outside. I assure you this is a legit mexican restaurant that serve great tasting tacos. Step on in and let your taste buds bounce all over.
<review# 28,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/30/2014,9/4/2014,122,526,2,5,5>After beating out local favorites like SugarFire, Pappy's and even WildSmoke and taking 2nd place in the St. Louis Business Journal's BBQ Madness Competition,  I knew I had to give BJ's "Gull"-icious Backyard BBQ a try. I arrived early on a Saturday, shortly before noon to discover several people already waiting for their orders. Keep in mind they open at noon on Saturdays, so I was shocked to find people already waiting. The atmosphere here is fun and festive, with music playing welcoming customers to this true bbq shack. There is nothing fancy about BJ's Backyard BBQ, the smokers are located out front allowing customers to take a free smell of the deliciousness. Seating here is limited to two picnic tables sitting outside, so I decided that I would take my order to go. After looking over the menu, which consists of ribs, pulled pork, chicken, turkey ribs and wings, I decided on the Rib Tips. However to my disappointment the ribs were not quite ready yet, and had about another 45 minutes to go, so instead I went with the Turkey Ribs which were available.The drive home was incredibly difficult as the smell of smoked Turkey Ribs filled my car. The wait was worth it because when I got home I opened the container to discover three large turkey ribs, which were so tender and perfectly smoked. Sauce was served on the side, and I can certainly agree that "the sauce is not the boss", because I almost didn't want to ruin the perfectly smoked flavor of the turkey. I did however give in to temptation and several pieces of turkey took a dip in the delicious sauce, which was had a slight sweet taste. For my side I went with the baked beans which were pretty good too.I will say that even though its located in the Walgreens parking lot, this is a bit of a hidden gem. The food here is delicious and the staff is friendly. Parking is limited, with Walgreens posting signs directly in front of BJ's saying "0 Minute Parking" however I noticed several people park directly in front of the signs.
<review# 29,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/7/2014,9/3/2014,21,133,5,7,7>Gorgeous. Huge selection. Generally free of riff-raff and loud people. Awesome spaces to relax and read/study/etc.Relatively polite and helpful staff. The one thing that bugs me about the place: the rooms. By that I mean, the library is freakin' GIGANTIC and on top of that, it's cut up into a bunch of rooms, with a set number of dewey decimal numerals in each room. And unless I've managed to miss it each and every single time I've been to this branch, there is NO place in the library that tells you which dewey decimal numbers are in which rooms. On one hand, it was pretty simple for me to figure out that the 200s and 300s where I spend most of my time (social sciences/religion/politics, basically) would be in the social sciences room. Duh. But who would think to look for cookbooks in (if I remember right) the science and technology room? Or am I just a 'lil slow? Normally I'd be the kind of person to not want to look like a dumb ass, and just find stuff myself. However, this place is like....30,000 square feet, at least, filled with a bunch of staircases (some leading only to one or two rooms), tons of rooms to hunt around in, and then heaps of book cases to shuffle through before you can determine whether or not you've found the right room finally. If you're the kind of person that likes to bounce around and look at a ton of different things at the library, the librarians will get sick of you asking, "I don't mean to disrupt, but can you tell me which room the 900s would be in? What about the cookbooks? What is the 'stacks,' anyway--half of the books I want are located there, so where is that?" etc. I love this place. Really. But I've never been to a library with such a weird set-up, and I would think it'd be seriously helpful if they'd post the dewey decimal range for each room on the directories, instead of just giving each room a name and leaving you to guess.
<review# 30,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/18/2014,9/2/2014,220,464,1,6,4>"Business Park Oasis"Driving up I felt like I was picking up equipment.  Once inside, the place is actually pretty nice.Service- I got in line, order my food, filled my cup then sat down.  The food was actually delivered to me at the table on real plates with silverware. I got my own refills.Unsweet tea- well made & needed no sugar/sweetenerSalad- The special salad of the day was grilled chicken, strawberries & caramelized walnuts on mixed greens with poppyseed dressing & a sliver of toast.  The strawberries were fresh, full of flavor, sliced & seemed hand picked without imperfections.  The rest of the salad was great, but the chicken was just OK.  The chicken reminded me of canned or boiled & not grilled.Desert- I got a chocolate pudding type filling on top of crust dessert that IDK the name.  It was interestingly different.  I thought of it as a browny mix pudding pie... (?) Too rich for me & took my 3 attempts to eat just a little square.Next time I need to try a cookie like many others.
<review# 31,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/18/2014,6/13/2014,76,328,,6,4>We had a work event here, and I totally expected it to be SUPER nerdy.  And it was...until it was your turn to play.  Too fun!  Well, nerdy fun.  And I'd do it again.  Demo Ball has so many variables to throw at you that most people will be on a fairly level playing field with those that maybe have some more experience, and those with great athletic prowess won't necessarily beat the crap out of us mere mortals.I can't speak for the arcade or laser tag portions of the building.  We just played Demo Ball, but that was enough for me.  Pizza was average - edible but not anything to write much about.  Bar is stocked and has pretty average prices.  My Absolut Pink Lemonade was delish.
<review# 32,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/25/2014,6/12/2014,11,77,2,5,2>LOVED it. I came here for a weekday lunch with some work friends, and I had pretty high expectations after reading the other Yelp reviews. I was not disappointed!First off, the food. So many of the sandwiches looked great, I don't think you can really go wrong here. I got the signature mixed salad sandwich, and added chicken. The veggies were fresh and delicious, but it was really the melted mozarella and the lightly toasted baguette that sealed the deal. Delicious.And then, the main attraction: dessert! I was tempted by the tiny ice cream sundae, if only because it is completely adorable. But I ended up getting a scoop of Zanzibar chocolate on the pretzel cone. The ice cream was a dark chocolate and paired with the salty cone it was amazing. Other desserts at my table: the peach bellini "adult float," the mini brownie in a mug, and the seasonal key lime pie ice cream. Everything looked incredible.My one complaint: service was very slow. When our server was there, he was very pleasant and responsive, but he just disappeared for long periods of time. Maybe that would have been okay for dinner on a Friday or something, but we did need to eventually go back to the office.All in all, it was delicious and I can't wait to go back. There are so many things I want to try, I don't think I will ever make it through the pages and pages of ice cream martinis, adult floats, and other desserts. But I'm going to try!
<review# 33,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/5/2014,6/11/2014,36,102,,8,3>I've eaten here twice since it's opened and both times have been fantastic.  The brisket is my favorite meat.  The ribs are also good.  Pork was good but no where near as good as the brisket.  The brisket is really the star of the show in my opinion.  The sausage link was not my favorite.  As for the sides, I tend to stick to the specials.  I had a pink lady applesauce (it had Red Hots in it!) that was super tasty, and some jalapeno cornbread that was the best cornbread I've ever had.  The jambalaya was delicious.  My husband said the red beans and rice were really good, cole slaw just eh, and green beans were good.The line moves pretty quickly.  We were outside the door by about 5 people and it took 25 minutes to get to the counter.  I do wish they had the soda fountain in line like the Olivette location but there's no room for that.  Because they are so busy, the restaurant can get crowded, especially around the soda fountain, but I expect that because of the popularity. Every employee that I've come in contact with has been super friendly from the guys at the counter to the ladies at the register and the employees busing and helping out at the tables.  They have a LOT of different sauces.  I tend to stick to the hot bbq sauce but the white was also good.  They have Carolina Mustand, Coffee BBQ, Sweet, the list goes on and on.  If one is not at your table, look around and grab it from a different table or ask someone who isn't using it.  I still need to try several of them.  Go enjoy it!  And can you bring me some too?
<review# 34,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/8/2014,6/10/2014,11,169,3,8,4>After seeing the raving reviews here we had to check it out. I've never had Afghan food before but it seems like a regional variation similar to Indian food. The food was good but I'm not sure what I was expecting maybe less subtle flavors and seasonings or possibly it was just the dish I choose.  I got the lamb shank after asking the server what dish best represented Afghan cuisuine on the  menu, I have to say the shank that came out could NOT have been cooked more perfectly and while the lamb itself was slightly low on seasoning the sourounding rice was very flavorful adn I"m sure thats how the dish is intended.You would honestly pay 3x what we paid for that lamb shank at a 'fine dining' restaruant for the exact same quality and cooking expertise.  Everyone at our table of 6 was more than pleased with their selections and are excited to return. If I had to critisize the service is a little disorganized but extremely friendly and this place is tiny so it was really not a problem.
<review# 35,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/31/2014,6/9/2014,14,44,3,8,3>I have now been to Ballpark Village twice and each time I have walked away pretty impressed.  At the time of my review (March 31, 2014) the venue has been open less than a week, so although it is early, I still wanted to mention the encouraging signs I have seen/heard about.First and foremost, the venue is beautiful, both inside and out.  One cannot help but be in awe of how well the structure and the outside have come together in this rather large package.  The second you pull up to the parking lot you are met with beautiful signs that immediately grab you.  Walking inside gives you the same feeling.  The structure feels warm and inviting.  The atmosphere feels more party than family right now, but only time will tell what type of clientele will frequent the venue.  I will say I was impressed by how many middle-aged and up people were at the venue.  This surprised me as there is not another place in the downtown area (sans sporting events) where the crowd is not decidedly young (i.e. 35 or under).  I was encouraged by this as I hope this brings back some of that crowd to the downtown area.  I believe having that crowd back will do wonders for downtown and the establishments surrounding the BPV.  I have yet to try to food, but the drinks were stellar, and the entertainment at PBR and Howl at the Moon (please see their individual reviews) was outstanding.   I only hope that BPV will continue to live up to and meet my expectations.
<review# 36,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/8/2014,6/8/2014,73,136,,10,7>Stopped in after a few people at The Whiskey Ring brought in some food that smelled amazing.Small but cozy bar with some unique, funky decor. Nothing fancy drink wise, but they have all the basics & are inexpensive.The owner comes up with a new concoction daily (there is only 1 food offering per day).  So far I've seen BBQ pork steaks, pot roast & a "Denver Burger" & there always seems to be a cool twist to the ingredients.Large projection area for watching the game, and a decent backyard with a fire pit for lounging.Friday night seems to be Reggae night, which was fun. A nice addition to the neighborhood!
<review# 37,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/17/2014,6/7/2014,67,190,,10,4>Is Fields perfect?  No.  There are some major lines of products missing because of space (budget?) constraints.  For example, the choice of spices is limited to one upscale one-no Spice Island, Tones, or McCormick.  I think that's a mistake on a commonly used item.  On the other end, juice choices like Welch are missing from the non-refrigerated juices, with heavy reliance on a distributor out of KC I believe as a "house brand".  This slightly cheapens some parts of FF. I have seen the product mix improve in other areas, staff is friendly and wants to know what to improve, butcher shop is good, though not necessarily cheap.  The real test will be to see how many locally sourced fruits and veggies will be there in season, and what their price point will be.  Lots of local household products and meat products.  Nice wine bar and good service bump it up to 4.5 if I could, so I'll round up!
<review# 38,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/25/2013,6/6/2014,305,185,4,8,6>The Scottish Arms is definitely one of my preferred brunch locations in the Lou. If you're not intimidated by the prospect of a hearty lunch (bangers, SCOTCH EGGS, biscuits and gravy), then you'll be right at home in this traditional establishment. They have an excellent DIY Bloody Mary bar, which is frankly the only type of DIY project I ever get around to accomplishing. It's pretty reasonably priced too, so no excuses- go ahead and get yourself another round. I always opt for a scotch egg with my order- as an ovophile (is that a word? I love eggs), this was a previously undiscovered egg modality for me, and I've come to appreciate the savory goodness of an egg that is wrapped in meat and fried (tough sell, I know). Scottish Arms is a great place to take a group of friends, and service is pretty consistently good. The patio is gorgeous, and the indoor dining is cozy and welcoming. If you haven't been here yet, do yourself a solid and go, if only for those magical scotch eggs.
<review# 39,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/13/2013,6/5/2014,122,526,4,10,7>Adam's Smokehouse has been on my list ever since I learned that this is another spin off creation from the staff at Pappy's & Bogart's, while the original team is not behind this location the staff had worked at Pappy's and received full support in getting things going and I have to say they have done a great job. I arrived mid afternoon on a Saturday and was promptly greeted by the friendly staff, I quickly decided on the Burnt Ends special, which was great so tender and perfectly smoked but what really made the sandwich stand out was the sauces. There are three types of sauce, Carolina Vinegar, Sweet Jane, but the best is the Cranberry Cayenne just a little bit of sweet with a kick. I think that this sauce has become my new favorite, it is delicious! Sides are pretty simple, I went with the baked beans which offered a good flavor and were quite filling.Much like Pappy's in the early days if you want the best selection its best to arrive early because they will sell out., which I learned on my second visit when I arrived late on Friday evening and wanted to try the brisket. They were out of the brisket, chicken and ribs! It was recommended to me to get the Tri-Tip instead, so I did and while waiting for my order they brought out a sample of the Tri-Tip and it was awesome tender and flavorful! I think that this might be my newest obsession, especially when paired with the Cranberry Cayenne sauce!Prices are fair and reasonable, however the inside is rather small, there is enough seating for about 8-10 tables however most people seemed to be ordering carry out.
<review# 40,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/20/2014,6/4/2014,92,533,,10,5>I've been looking forward to the opening of the 21st Amendment ever since it was first announced and it didn't disappoint.  It's in the basement of the old Schnaider Brewing building, which also has Vin de Set and PW Pizza, all are owned by the same "mom and pop" operation - very local, which is always a plus.  The big draw here is representation of all the local breweries.  They have "rotating guest taps" which (I think) means they are letting the breweries decide what they want to show off.   This makes it a perfect place to get a variety of local craft beers.  So cool.   They have about 50 taps going, so there is something for everyone (Busch Lager, anyone?).Also on the menu are some bar snacks, along with the entire PW Pizza menu.   The seating here is nothing like a restaurant - lots of sofas and comfy chairs with coffee tables.  This is perfect for the purpose.   The walls are original stone on a couple of sides, with other walls featuring some awesome (at least for a breweriana lover) labels of beer brands of the past, including Schnaider's, once brewed here.  Those stone walls can make things a little loud, and with the sofa seating, it was sometime hard to hear my friends across the coffee table.  That's about the only complaint I can muster for this place. Service was attentive and friendly.  Just about a perfect beer-tasting experience.
<review# 41,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/13/2014,10/31/2014,319,681,4,7,5>Not to be confused with the Filling Station Bar in Benton Park, this adorable, family friendly hot dog and ice cream hut is housed in an old filling station and it's filled with a TON of Elvis and other whimsical retro statues, signs, lights.  They have seating inside, picnic tables out front and a reserve-able back yard with games that are perfect for a family party.  The menu is limited to a variety of G&W sausages, brats, dogs, etc and a full ice cream bar (not self serve), but they will make other foods for parties that are booked ahead.  They have also set up the inside for board games.  Cute place, nice owners.
<review# 42,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/27/2014,10/30/2014,17,95,1,8,7>It's difficult to have a much better restaurant experience than we did at Trattoria Marcella last night.  Good environment, good service, and great food.It was a Saturday night, and the place was full.  The two dishes we ordered (and shared) were the Straw and Hay and the Rigatoni.  Both came out quickly and piping-hot.  Both were excellent, but I'd say the garlic tomato cream sauce and good shrimp portions in the Rigatoni made it the better of the two.  Also, the flavor of that sauce in particular is just unique and a must-try.  The Straw and Hay was a rich white sauce with peas, mushrooms, and small pieces of ham which had great flavor.  Both dish portion sizes were plenty large enough to provide leftovers.I've also previously had the Lobster Risotto and it's outstanding too.My only possible gripe was that my small Caesar salad was extra, extra small for $6.25.  It probably took maybe six bites and it was gone.  I'll save my money and bypass that next time.As we exited, at least three different staff members thanked us for coming as we passed by and the manager even walked over and opened the door for us as we approached.  And no -- we certainly do not look like big-shots, so I'm sure this treatment is fairly common.
<review# 43,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/20/2014,10/29/2014,114,93,3,5,5>Is it the smoked meat? Is it the cheese? Or the bread? What could possibly be making this sandwich this delicious... is what I first asked myself when I took a bite of the For Pete's Sake. Everything about the sandwich I had was just absolutely delicious. The combination of flavors was perfect.At first I thought this was just a fluke. Could other sandwiches be just as good? My wife had ordered the Portabella Philly, and there was still half a sandwich left. She let me have the second half, and I was once again blown away. Everything about the sandwich was just perfect.They also have a special on Wednesdays. From 5-7pm, whatever time you order is how much the sandwich costs. So if you ordered at 5:31, your sandwich would be $5.31. I thought this was a great idea!Definitely will be coming back for more!
<review# 44,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/2/2014,10/28/2014,122,302,1,6,5>It is very hard to review this place.  Over the last several months they have been remodeling.  It is now a very accommodating place.  Everything is new and clean.  I found this place because of 2 other yelpers Tim and Cheri.  I am not a big fan of pho generally, but theirs is exceptional.  You get a huge bowl of spicy broth and noodles.  It comes with basil, bean sprouts, jalapeño, lime, hot sauce, and hoisin sauce for flavoring.  I usually get the 122a and add meatballs.  They provide these awesome shrimp toast with a cilantro flavored salsa.  It is delicious.  I have paid for worse appetizers.  The toasts kind of do a snap crackle Pop when the salsa is added.  The aLso make Great spring rolls.  These at very good.  They have ground habanero pepper!  This is different than the usual wimpy red pepper at other Asian restaurants.  They lemon grass noodle dish that the name escapes me that I have tried and liked.  Finally they have many traditional chinese offerings if Vietnamese is not your thing.There is a young man that works there that provides outstanding customer service.
<review# 45,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/18/2014,10/27/2014,179,105,4,6,4>Let's just talk about the Happy Hour.  First, I love an establishment that understands that some people, especially business owners, don't work a typical 9-5 so the restaurant schedules their Happy Hour to reflect that.  Basso's Happy Hour isn't just the week days of Monday through Friday, they've tacked on Saturday, too.  Why not Sunday, you ask?  Because they're closed.Second, the time for their Happy Hour isn't just the standard 5pm-6pm.  It runs 4pm-7pm - you get an hour buffer on either side!Third, restaurants that just give a drink special or a food special during Happy Hour irk me.  Yes, I want to drink AND eat!  Basso doesn't give you a solitary special or two, you get ~options~.  Read this buffet:$3 Craft Beer Pint Specials$5 Italian Wine of the Day$6 Half Pint Beer Flights$6 Signature Craft Cocktails$7 Build-Your-Own PizzasIn addition to the Happy Hour deals, I love the feel of this place.  You descend curving steep stairs (ladies in heels, be careful & descend slowly) to a large, spread-out room that still has a cozy, intimate feel with its dark woods and inset wall fireplace.  (I plan on spending many a winter evening in front of that fireplace with a good scotch.)The bartenders know their stuff - anyone who knows me knows I'm a stickler on the proper recipe for an authentic "Dark & Stormy," and Basso uses Goslings.  Yes!And their chef is creative and uses unique ingredients for traditional fare - make sure to try the "Donald" pizza with the duck egg!  The only thing I could ask of this place is a larger menu; I'd love to see what else the chef can come up with.
<review# 46,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/21/2014,10/26/2014,108,34,14,12,10>It had been maybe 10 years since the last time I ate at Tucker's Place, and I was surprised to see that the food still costs the same price, if not a little bit less.Tucker's Place's thing is that they serve steaks more or less as good as something you'd get at a high-end steakhouse for a fraction of the price, so obviously they can't charge that much, but given all of the bad things that have happened in the past 10 years, i.e. literally every single thing that's happened in the past 10 years, you'd think they'd have to jack up the prices a little bit, no?These days, you can't even get a very good deal on pork. Used to be, certain cuts of pork they'd pretty much just give you for free, if you asked nicely. Now I'm facing the prospect of having to supplement my prodigious meat consumption (ayo) with bread and water, to make sure I get enough to eat, lest I throw a temper tantrum. I thought this was America?To give you an idea, I had a 20 oz. porterhouse that cost $21. My old man had a 16 oz. New York strip that was maybe $20, and my mom and my little brother had boneless ribeyes that were less than that, maybe $15. Each steak comes with a salad with bacon and eggs on it and a potato roughly the size of a regulation NFL football. If you want to tempt fate, you can get the potato stuffed, Billy Tuttle-style, with a good half a bag of shredded cheese, bacon, sour cream and what have you for a dollar and some change extra.Truth be told, I don't know if this beef is quite as good as what you'd get at a high-end steakhouse, but that's more a comment on my knowledge of fancy beef (ahem) than it is the quality of the meat at Tucker's Place. I'm a Natty Light-drinking, cold cuts-eating savage; how should I know? I'd say it's at least a cut above the garbage they sell at Schnuck's, but that wouldn't be saying a whole lot, now would it? That's true of literally any steak you can possibly buy in a restaurant, including Waffle House, to the extent that Waffle House can be called a restaurant.Of course such a good deal on a steak has to come at a price... somewhere. In this case, that price is a matter of decorum. Tucker's Place is not the kind of restaurant you go to to impress someone or to have a conversation you can actually hear. The main dining room has least one, if not three or four too many tables. The street outside is lined with pickup trucks. (Not a judgment against pickup trucks. Just an observation.) The three tables surrounding ours were filled with a guy who looked like an extremely fat version of Robert De Niro in Meet the Parents, a family in full NASCAR regalia, including a head bandanna for the father, and a "girls night out" group of black ladies who were as loud as they were large.As we were walking out of the door, at about 8, there was a small army of people milling about in the lobby area and out the door, waiting to be seated. They appeared to be cut from a similar cloth, which would suggest to me that my experience was par for the course for Tucker's Place and not some aberration. A couple of kids were crawling around the bar area on all fours. If my "itis" had been any worse than it was, I might have accidentally stepped on one of them. The Lord must have been looking out for those kids.
<review# 47,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/29/2014,10/25/2014,15,111,1,5,4>The Block - a pleasant atmosphere, great selection of meats, and a great place to be.  Dinner time on a Thursday wasn't as busy, especially when you come in at a fairly early time. The staff were very friendly right from the beginning and they have some outdoor seating as well.I regretfully did not try any of their appetizers but did end up with their Greek salad special for the evening which was loaded with feta cheese and kalamata olives -- tasty! Their drinks come in their own special, sort of homemade looking mugs that I was trying to decide whether or not it was metal (but I left without knowing the truth).  For my main dish, I had the Double Star Farms Amish chicken - grilled chicken, roasted butternut squash, Yukon gold potatoes, mushrooms, arugula, and local honey balsamic reduction. The chicken was moist and tender and it tasted like it had been brining for a while before they grilled it. The entire dish had a wonderful, even flavor that beckons for another bite every single time! I got really full before I completely finished my chicken and I had a hard time putting my fork down. Needless to say, I had no room to even hear about their desserts.What great food and what wonderful service! I hope to come back soon and try their other offerings.
<review# 48,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/28/2014,10/24/2014,18,90,4,7,4>St. Louis is known for Bud, but we also have a lot of microbrews. Schlafly is like a semi-macro brew that also makes some pretty fine cuisine. I've never had a dish here that I didn't like and the pricing is fantastic. It's great for a group or just for you and a friend. The whole place smells like cooking beer because the brewery is on site. You can even take a tour. If you are there for a meal, their sandwiches are fantastic and the perfect portion size. The dinners are large and the quality of all the food is very fresh. They make an effort to use local farm products in their dishes including local beef and veggies. Menu changes with the seasons and be sure to look at the specials. Treat yourself to a glass of one of their beers or ciders while you dine. And if you want a really fantastic treat, get the bread pudding... it's almost sinful.
<review# 49,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/21/2014,10/23/2014,90,707,5,6,5>I like to think that I'm a pretty good boss. Yes, I may call mandatory meetings for my direct reports on the occasional Saturday morning (at 7am!), but at least I bring donuts! Since the meeting started at 7, I needed to hit up a donut spot that was open by 5:30. Ray's Donuts is my usual go-to, but on the weekends, they don't open until 7, so that wasn't going to work.Enter Tony's Donuts. They had good Yelp reviews, they are close to my job, and they open everyday at 5am! Score!The place itself is super cute. Apparently, they sell more than just donuts -- the breakfast sandwiches on the menu sounded super tasty, and I may have to come back to try those -- but I was here for donuts. The variety is really good, and they have every donut you could possibly want.My only gripe about this place is the service. The woman taking my order was not friendly at all. While I was picking out donuts to add to my 2 dozen order, I selected 4 cinnamon rolls. She (very rudely) stated that the cinnamon rolls were not a part of the two dozen deal. Umm...okay, I'll pay whatever the extra cost is, then. Not a big deal at all, and the attitude on her end was completely unnecessary. In any event, the donuts were great. Everyone was a huge fan, and maybe...just maybe...my reports don't hate me too much for making them get up super early on a Saturday morning. I mean, I brought donuts!
<review# 50,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/28/2014,10/22/2014,50,140,1,12,5>Wanna feel really good about devouring tasty pizza?  Dojo Pizza (& Wings) is your place.  The pizza kitchen helps support the nonprofit community center where Loren provides kids a safe place to congregate while taking karate or dance classes.  Some classes are even free.  He also holds open mic and dance performance nights on the weekends.But on to the pizza.  Sweet yet slightly zesty sauce, garlicky crust and just the right amount of toppings and cheese.  This is a one oven operation so be patient, but trust me it's worth it!I've also tried the honey BBQ wings on another visit.  So very good!If you live in the neighborhood they deliver or you can call your order in then stop by to grab a pizza.  They also recently opened a dining room for eating in.
<review# 51,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/26/2013,9/2/2013,384,258,4,8,5>We went here for the first time after reading the reviews here on Yelp.  The place is on the small side but we were seated right away.  We weren't sure what to order since there were so many things that we wanted to try, but everything was so reasonably priced that we ordered quite a few things.We started off with Hoy Jaw (dumplings) which didn't look much like the photos we saw, but were darker (see my photo).  They were served with sweet chili sauce and were sooooo yummy!!!  I really could eat a lot of these.Then we tried the Thai Stix which are deep fried and filled with cream cheese and crab....they were hot and melted in our mouth!For our entrees we ordered the Chicken Khao Sol and the  Chicken Sateh which are grilled pieces of chicken and the Muu Ping which are pork skewers.  The chicken skewers were okay....but nothing special...and the pork was a bit better.  These were both good, but didn't blow our minds. The Khao Sol on the other hand was AWESOME!!!  Every first few bites we would have to stop and say "Mmmmmmmm".  Next time we will for SURE be getting this again.....soooo wonderful!  To drink I ordered the Kafae Yen which is Thai iced coffee.....waaaaaay too sweet for me, but I got used to it after awhile. This is not like the kind served at Pho Grand, but I thought it might be.  We didn't get forks and I didn't want to ask for one, since I needed chopstick practice...:), but I'm sure they would give you one.  The entree portions are generous and everything was reasonably priced.  The servers are very quiet and appear and disappear often w/o us noticing.  Others mentioned no music playing but they had some on when we were there.
<review# 52,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/6/2013,9/1/2013,76,209,4,5,6>There's not much I can say about Sidney Street that hasn't already been said.  It's hands down, one of the best restaurants in St. Louis, and one we go to on very special occasions, when we want to be assured of an amazing eating experience.We were last here on our anniversary, and were impressed as usual.  The service is impeccable.  I had the Steak Wasabi (Filet encrusted in wasabi, crispy tempura vegetables, and shitake cream sauce), at the strong suggestion of our waiter, and he was so totally right.  I probably will order this next time too (drooling just thinking about it).  We had lobster turnovers for our appetizer, and they are positively remarkable.Oh, and the beignets?  Yep, they're even better than you think they'll be.  Words cannot come close to describing the joy of popping a Sidney Street Cafe beignet in your mouth.  Truth.It's pretty tough to get a prime time weekend reservation here, so you definitely have to plan ahead & make your reservations sometimes weeks in advance.  But if you've not been here, you have to go.  Like, immediately.
<review# 53,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/21/2013,8/31/2013,68,274,3,8,7>Pappy's is to ribs as Gus's is to fried chicken.Pappy's ribs just became the standard by which all future ribs will be judged.  In fact, I can envision a future where I don't even bother to try the ribs because they couldn't possibly compare to Pappy's.  SMH at two-star reviews due to them running out of food - it's a smokehouse, people, they have to estimate how much they will sell the next day and smoke it.  It's not like you place an order and they say "your ribs will be up in about twelve hours."  It can be inconvenient to not get what you want but the lesson learned here is to call ahead if it's late in the day.Can't wait to bring the family here!
<review# 54,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/16/2013,8/30/2013,101,271,2,7,4>So in planning my In-laws 30th anniversary I was picked to choose the restaurant we would be going to for dinner.We all knew they like Italian food and wanted to try someplace different than all the normal places around North County, so I searched everywhere around STL and came across Pietro's.I was a little weary of the 3.5 star rating but the menu really drew me to this place over the other available option in the area. They are a more home style than modern menu and I knew that it would make everyone happy. They also had a listed Kids Menu and others in the area did not, this is useful when you have 3 kids.We made reservations and I am glad we did after getting there the room and others next to use were packed to the gills.The service was really good, it seemed like they had to many people at first but when it got packed they kept up with everything really well. Our server was attentive and kept everything flowing out to us. Including really great bread, which I ate far to much of but I couldn't help it.I ordered the Surf and turf special, it was crab stuffed shrimp and fillet medallions with green beans and a salad.Their house salad was incredible and  everyone really liked the dressing.My meal was excellent but I am not sure I was overly excited about the crab stuffed shrimp, they were good but I would have rather just had more regular shrimp.Either way the night was a success and everyone including our little ones enjoyed the food and the atmosphere. Thanks Pietro's for an awesome evening.
<review# 55,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/11/2013,8/29/2013,46,164,1,4,5>I'm just going to hop right on the Forest Park love train seen here on Yelp and elsewhere.  Now, I love me a good park- big park, small park, city park, state park.  I love to run, stroll, swim, hike, bring my dogs, picnic, enjoy culture, and, of course, drink on a golf course while my friends actually play.  All of this and more is to be had at our large urban oasis, much of it for free!  I think the history of the park is amazing- with so many of the features and building being built or improved for the 1904 world's fair, like the pavilion, fountains, museums, and more.  Stunning architecture, but spaced well amongst plenty of green space.  I'm pretty sure we hosted the best world's fair ever here, since you rarely hear about cool inventions coming out of other world fairs.  Iced tea? Check.  Waffle cones? Check, Peanut butter, Dr. Pepper, and puffed wheat cereal? Heck yes!  I love that the perimeter of the park is a 10K.  I love that they now have a full foot path and a full bike path so there is room for those moving fast or slow.  The trees, lakes, and flowers are beautiful.  There is plenty of room for events and festivals.  I think I saw about a dozen separate events happening at the park last weekend, not including what is always going on at the zoo, history museum, art museum, golf courses, etc.  I have traveled pretty extensively in the US and abroad, and have seen a variety of zoos and museums.  Our are top notch, and free to boot!  There are always special exhibits, improvements, or additions, to be seen.  No resting on our laurels here!  One minor beef is that traffic can be a bear with so much going on.  If it's the weekend and a nice day, consider parking along the perimeter of the park and be prepared for a good walk.   I have been to golf tournaments, Lou Fest, and free concerts at the history museum and Boat House, events of different sizes but all a blast!  My first date with my BF was a picnic and a canoe ride through the waterways (awww!).  In short, you can make just about anything happen here.  To be fair and realistic, I feel that I must point out the unfortunate side of urban parks, including Forest Park, that they are in the city.  You always must lock your car and be careful after dark.
<review# 56,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/18/2013,8/28/2013,68,185,4,6,7>Pi Pizza was the first pizza I ever had in St. Louis. It was the first place my bf took me when we came to visit. I can still remember how empty the loop was on a Sunday October afternoon and how freaken delicious the pizza was!!I have had both the deep dish and the thin crust pizza. I am a deep dish fan for sure. I love the crust, I love the tomato sauce, I love it all. I even love it the day after and the day after that cold or hot!  The thin crust is good but not great. I feel like the crust had a funny taste, (not quite pizza-y) or maybe that is what it is supposed to taste like.I have eaten at this location the most since it is right down the street from me. The service is always great and the atmosphere is always energetic. Overall I have always been happy with both food and service at Pi and will continue to eat here!
<review# 57,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/25/2013,8/27/2013,38,98,3,8,6>I heart Three Dog Bakery for SO many reasons:+ The staff members are consistently friendly+ They help you find what you're looking for (as opposed to other pet stores that are too busy for high quality customer service)+ They ask about and are genuinely interested in your four-legged friend(s) - what breed, name, food allergies, how long you've had your pet, etc.+ They carry products that other pet stores do not (indestrucible toys)+ They give you samples of treats for your furry friend to try!I love this place and highly recommend it!
<review# 58,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/17/2013,8/26/2013,75,154,5,7,6>Paul'z is your place for an All-American meal full of heartiness and meat.I work right next to it so it has been on my list of places to try for a long awhile now and FINALLY I made it there last week.I knew I wanted to try one of their hotdogs and the lady at the register was super helpful.  She explained that the Windy City Chicago style hot dog was by far the most popular, but that her personal favorite was the Jalacreamyo.  She seemed like a trustworthy fellow foodie so I went with her favorite dog which was served on a pretzel roll and topped with jalapeño cream cheese and chopped tomatoes...talk about delicious!!!The pretzel bun was dense and soft, which helped this rather messy dog stay together instead of falling apart if it was served on a normal white bun.  The dog itself was super flavorful with a nice casing when you took a bite.  The cream cheese gave it some decadence and the jalapeño touch added just the right amount of kick.  Finally, the chopped tomatoes balanced all the rich ingredients with a juicy freshness.Go to Paul'z and get yourself some dogs!!!
<review# 59,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/5/2013,8/25/2013,238,242,5,11,8>I'd been hearing about the St. Cecilia Fish Fry for years; it seems to be legendary here in St. Louis.  The stories of long lines just wasn't worth the hassle to me, and the fish fry season goes by so fast! They should just make it a year round thing, but I guess they have to follow some sort of biblical teachings which results in this event only occurring 4:30-8pm on Fridays during Lent (approximately six Fridays between Mardi Gras and Easter).  I highly recommend going if you get a chance! It is true about the long line that stretches all the way around the small gymnasium and out the door into the parking lot.  When I arrived around 4:30pm, people were lined out the door.  I've been told that it shortens towards the end of the evening, but you run the risk of some items being sold out.  As I slowly entered the gym, anticipation grew with a feeling a sensory overload.  The gym was packed with tables and people were moving every-which-way in a sort of organized chaos.  As we moved along in the line, we passed various tables selling everything from t-shirts to Mexican beer to church tours.  St. Cecilia's has really turned this into an impressive money making machine.  I'd estimate the line to be two beers long once I got inside, but the people watching makes it enjoyable.  Once you get to the front of the line, you place your order and they give you a number to display on your table.  Thankfully they bring the food out to you; otherwise it would end up on the floor as you try to find an open table.  Menu options include two kinds of fish: jack salmon and cod fillet.  The jack salmon, served with the bones in it, is the better option over the cod fillet which is just a frozen square fish patty.  Honestly, I recommend skipping the fish and ordering the Mexican food.  The chile relleno, stuffed with cheese and smothered in a red sauce, was delicious.  The fried quesadilla was also tasty, but the puffed shell lacking in filling.  I was surprised to see the quesadilla deep fried, which is common in Mexico, but rare here in the United States.  Side items included options of mac & cheese, French fries, cole slaw, rice and refried beans.  They also sold tortilla chips and pico de gallo at one of the tables in the line.  Overall, I found the Mexican food to be very authentic and delicious.  Just when I thought I couldn't eat anymore, I spotted kids pushing around tamale carts and dessert carts.  The sweet pastries looked amazing, but I opted for the tamale which was slightly spicy and delicious.  To top off the experience, as I was stuffing my face, we were entertained by several children dressed in traditional Mexican attire dancing to music.  I must say it was quite a fun time and worthy of 5 stars, just be prepared for long lines and a crowded gym.
<review# 60,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/22/2013,8/24/2013,86,245,5,13,10>I'm extremely disappointed that..... I didn't find this place earlier! This is definitely one of my top five favorite restaurants in St Louis.  I can't wait to come back soon.  It seemed Ethiopian to me, but I've heard it's closer to Eritrean (Idk, it was mind-blowing all the same).One thing I do want to point out is how Ethiopian is traditionally served.  If you come with a group you are close with, they serve every dish that is ordered on a large communal platter. The dishes are plated onto injera bread (reminds me of a thick dosa) and everyone uses their hands to eat.  So, if you are a germaphobe or have dietary restrictions where dishes cannot be placed on the same plate, you should warn your waiter.  The manager is really great at catering to these requests and is more than happy to put certain dishes on separate plates.  If you do not specify, they normally put them all on the same plate. If you are comfortable sharing food, I highly recommend getting it this way.  It's much more enjoyable than ordering your own dishes.The food has a lot of spice, but very little heat.  I cannot believe how well the flavors permeate through the entire pieces of meat - not just the surface.  Considering how much I love meat, I was a huge fan of the lentils.  If you're vegetarian you'll find something you love that's a thousand times better than the steamed, bland stuff most restaurants try to sell as "delicious vegetarian friendly food."  The lamb tidbits were my favorite dish by far - I highly recommend it.The only thing that did disappoint me about this place was how empty it was.  When I came in, there were only two or three tables with people.  For how great the service and the food are, I am baffled. I guess not many people know about how wonderful this restaurant is.
<review# 61,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/17/2012,11/22/2012,29,342,,5,3>Pizza at it's best!We had the Stef's Stuff! It was a culinary delight. Plenty of toppings, wonderful "low tomato" sauce, tiny and flavorful crust and overall just a phenomenal pizza!I am a pizza Nazi, and if it's not good then I have something to say about it. This is up there with Talayna's and Frankie Tocco's, but only two thirds the price. You can sit inside, get it delivered or take it to order. They do pizza, pastas and sandwiches. This place is just a cut above and a slice of heaven. :)I am a BIG FAN of Stefanina's now!
<review# 62,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/5/2012,11/21/2012,317,728,,13,8>Had Maid Brigade come to spiff up the house prior to my daughter's weekend visit. I'm now booked for two more cleanings. What friendly people and amazing service.They arrived as promised at 8:30 a.m.Nathan, the franchise owner, came with two women -- who he introduced, and they began cleaning right away. Then, Nathan and I reviewed the house, he explained all their services and their "green" approach (which is really green, by the way, withh all their cleaning solutions) using their own cleaning supplies and their own vacuums and other machines, reviewed their insurance and policies, then went right to cleaning himself.Another thing they do to ensure "clean" is all their cloths are color-coded: blue for this, green for this, red for this, yellow for this. So, you can be assured that the cloth used to wax the wood furniture isn't going to have glass cleaner on it or the cloth used to clean the toilets isn't going to be used on the kitchen countertop.It took the three of them three hours to clean all three floors and when they left, the house was sparkling clean from top to bottom -- like I've never seen before.They vacuum the fan blades and the ceiling-wall corners rather than wiping them, so they're not just throwing dirt to other places in a room.What I really hate is when people come in and tell you how dirty the house is. Well, why else would I have a cleaning service?? It sounds like they're making excuses to charge extra for this and that and the other!! Nobody said a word about the state of the house -- they just cleaned.And they mopped themselves out the front door, not leaving a shoeprint or a step anywhere!I checked cold air returns, picture frames, shelves, corners, fan blades, nooks and crannies, knick-knacks -- and everything was spotless and dirt-free.I used a coupon I got in the mail -- in one of those packets: $25 off the first cleaning, $15 off the second cleaning and $10 off the third cleaning.I took a risk booking all three cleanings before I knew what kind of job they would do. But this really paid off!!
<review# 63,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/12/2012,11/20/2012,92,533,2,9,6>This place is beautiful.  We just stopped in for after dinner drinks, but I feel obligated to get the word out - this is a GREAT date spot and it doesn't seem to be on the radar for many folks.  The pictures here don't do the place justice at all.  I think that and the coffee connection had me thinking downscale, but no.   At least not the décor; prices are comparable to other wine bars in town, but I really have to rate this as one of the top romantic spots for a drink.  We like the ambience at Sasha's on Shaw, Bridge, Cicero's, Bailey's Chocolate Bar,  3500 Winehaus, Ernesto's and some others for a late drink, but Blondie's beats them all.  There was a group of about 10 in for a birthday party and they had a nice setup too.  There is a nice patio, although it was a little too cold on this night. The menu is just right - plenty of interesting items to choose from, but not overwhelming; we were able to find exactly what pleased us and quickly.  It was kind of sad to see the smalll turnout on this weeknight and I hope more people find this place.  Put a bookmark out there and give it a try.
<review# 64,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/8/2012,11/19/2012,116,188,9,8,8>Looking to supplement your crack addiction with a legal alternative?  Well then let me introduce you to a little something called the Pumpkin Whoopie Pie, currently available at Kaldi's ($2.50)It's basically a pumpkin cookie/cake sandwich with a delicious frosting-like filling (update: my friend said it's butter-cream frosting!).  This thing is huge too and should probably be shared between two people to avoid potential diabetic shock.  The best part is the texture.  The pumpkin cookie is soft on top just a little chewy on the bottom.  Then there's the addition of the big sugar crystals which give it a great crunch.   Combine that with the fluffy white frosting in the middle and WOW you have a little piece of sweet and textural nirvana.I told myself I'd only eat half and save the other half for later.  Yeah, that wasn't happening.  I actually heard it calling me from inside the bag.  And it gave me a crazy sugar high like I haven't had in a while.Make sure to call beforehand to ensure they are available.  And go get one soon, it's only a matter of time before the DEA finds out about these and takes em off the shelves for good.
<review# 65,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/20/2012,11/18/2012,140,254,11,12,9>Where do you go when you're on a platonic friend date in the county, you're hungry and you feel like people watching? If you're like Nick G. and me, you head to Sweet Tomatoes, of course.We've gone here so many times that we're lifers. We get the e-blasts full of coupons and scope out the featured ingredient schedule before picking our dinner nights. Once there, we hit each station in the same order, complain about being stuffed, pile up more food, breathe hard, and then get dessert.This place is not healthy. Don't be delusional. Sure, you can make your own dainty salad of spinach, beets, cucumbers and a splash of fat-free dressing, but let's get real - people rarely do that. Instead, we all pile up the pre-made salads featuring the week's special ingredient, and those suckers are LOADED with calories. (Major nitpick: Out of the three featured salads, usually only one is vegetarian. That's a huge sadface for a salad place and keeps me from coming back even more than I already do.) After our "healthy" salad, calorie-laden chilis and cream-based soups are next. Don't forget to fill up at the bread station! My plate often is full of garlic focaccia, cheese focaccia, four-cheese focaccia, blueberry muffins and more dixie cups of honey butter than you'd imagine a scrawny girl would want. But you can skip the pasta bar - none of the three are particularly tasty, but the do nicely continue your carb loading.After four plates of all of this, you can head to the dessert bar. Skip the stupid fruit and cottage cheese bar beside it - that's nothing but a red herring. Go fetch a soup bowl, stick a brownie in it, cover it with soft-serve ice cream, and top that sucker with more homemade butterscotch sauce than the law should allow. In fact, make this your meal. Seriously, I've made meals of nothing but blueberry muffins, honey butter, ice cream and butterscotch sauce. It's worth the tummyache later.The best part of the platonic date with Nick G. is not the goodnight non-kiss, but the people watching. We're frequently the only young professionals in the whole place. Sweet Tomatoes usually is filled with senior citizens and couples with loud, young children. Loud, young children who try to snatch up all the brownies. Jerks. But it's still worth it; Nick G. sure knows how to treat a lady to gluttony and comic relief.
<review# 66,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/30/2012,11/17/2012,456,314,5,8,10>It is just a pavilion right?  Only over 100 years old that represents the apex of St. Louis.  OK I was last here  in 1970 when I was filming a documentary for some course when I was at SLU.  I still have the 8mm film somewhere in the house.  It may be cool in another 50 years or so.  This used to be the place to hang out hippie style and see and been seen whatever you were going to see in your altered state.  Me I was just filming.  Really.I was here in Sept. of 2012 for a wedding and reception.  They had the ceremony at the foot of the steps overlooking the fountain and the grand basin.  What a beautiful setting and the pictures are going to be great.  After the ceremony we moved into the Pavilion for the reception.My eyes looking at the St. Louis icon and thinking what it looked like during the 1904 Word's Fair.  All the people in their fine turn of the century clothes. Then my mind wandered to back to the '70's and my youth and how I was young once and thought I maybe become some type of film maker and this was a wonderful backdrop.  Move forward to 9/29/2012 and I am now here to see one of The Famous Chip K's longest and best friends get married.  They have known each other for 25 years since first grade.  The Pasta House catered the event.  Wow were they good.  Pasta house food with outstanding service.  Ahh the trip down memory lane.  I could go back to when I was 6 years old and my Grandmother Murphy would let me watch the fountain change colors.  That was pretty flash in the mid 1950's
<review# 67,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/27/2012,11/16/2012,82,85,1,5,3>I have had two really good experiences at Carmine's this summer.  The first I had the filet, and was really pleased with how it was cooked.  It was tasty.  This time, was for downtown restaurant week, and I was disappointed the filet was not on the special menu, so I tried the ribeye instead.  I'm usually not a ribeye girl, but it was really good!  The potatoes au gratin were awesome.  Everything was cooked just how we ordered, the steak was juicy and flavorful.  Mmmm....I'm getting hungry just thinking about it!  I also tried the chicken and the mushroom risotto, which were both excellent.  The cheesecake wasn't fantastic, but it was a nice ending to a good meal.  We will definitely keep Carmine's in mind when we want to venture downtown for a steak.
<review# 68,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/31/2012,11/15/2012,155,339,,7,4>These guys are great! Brought my car in the other day for a hand wash and detailing and they had it turned around in about an hour. The basic service right now is $15 to do a car, $20 for an SUV. Added bonus comes with a buy-nine-get-one-free customer loyalty card. I'm told they have reasonable prices for more thorough cleanings, too.I loved the results -- my car hasn't looked so shiny since the day I drove it into St. Louis. There are a few spots (wax?) on the windshield and I needed to clean the center console myself for a few minutes afterwards, but I don't get a hand wash that often and didn't know the specifics of what I paid for. At any rate, no big deal.Best yet, though, for a bit extra they took care of some huge (but shallow) scratches on the side of my car. I was already looking for new used cars, they were so bad -- not anymore! Even the guys were impressed they pulled it off, saying, "That's why we're ELITE!"Looking forward to coming back, especially since it costs practically as much to get a machine wash at the gas station. Plus, the personal touch goes a long way; Mike even came over and got me from Northwest Coffee next door when the job was finished.(P.S.: These guys run a great shaved ice truck during regular business hours. Swing by on a hot day if you're on Forest Park Parkway.)
<review# 69,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/16/2012,11/14/2012,213,311,,13,6>For what it is, this place is fantastic. Fresh, delicious sushi for a cheaper price than a restaurant or made to go grocery sushi. Honestly, this was some of the best sushi I have tasted.I had the Rainbow Roll, Dragon Roll, and Salmon Avocado Roll. All were made perfectly and for a cheap price. $9.99 for the Rainbow, $8.99 for the Dragon, and $6.49 for the salmon avocado. Best prices in town that I have found. I drove up and ordered at the window, waited about 10 minutes, and drove back up to pick up my sushi. Simple as that. The only thing they lack is a large variety, but I did not expect that based on the convenience factor and the fact that it is to go. Just as great if not better selection than Whole Foods sushi bar and much, much cheaper. They even give you a free mini bottle of water with your order. How nice!If I am wanting some simple maki rolls and not in the mood for a sit down restaurant meal, I'll always choose Sushi To Go.
<review# 70,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/31/2012,11/13/2012,27,229,1,5,4>I really liked Pearl's especially as they were very accommodating to our party of 11..oh wait 13..oh wait 15..yea you get the idea and I am sure have been in a situation when unexpected guests keep joining your party and you (in this case me) as host need to keep wrangling tables.  Hostess was extremely accommodating and calm with us grabbing a few more tables and dragging them over..so A++ for hostess.Part II of a huge party at dinner..the end of meal check dance..I started brainstorming with my friends as dinner was coming to a close..so we go with the here are 7 credit cards split it evenly..crap wait we have a couple of guests who are not part of a couple (how rude of them!)..waiter to the rescue..hands me a bill I open it up and it is for just me and the birthday girl!!  Fabulous!!  once again A++Food..come hungry..very very hungry..because the portions are large and the oysters (blue points the night we were there) are delicious.  I had crab cakes..prefere mine a bit lumpier but enjoyed them (between grabbing another table..sure come to dinner late I'll take care of everything.. ;p)  but I should have went with the gumbo..several people did and enjoyed.  If you don't like seafood don't come here (pretty straight forward?)  our meat and potatoes fan had one option..a started of cheesy garlic bread..mmm carbs! and a blackened prime rib..he reported it was delicious.. so food hmm..B+Drinks? Well I stuck with a beer and then a martini..good selection of booze but you will not be hanging around for glass of port.  So a solid B for selections..ahh wait the flaming hurricane..well that is cute I suppose..if you like that kind of thing :)So my advice is swing by before you lose your money and can't afford dinner (price point is reasonable given portion size but I'd prefer smaller portions and less $$)
<review# 71,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/14/2012,11/12/2012,63,150,,11,7>I've been wanting to check this place out, but it's rather off the beaten path (unless you're biking the Katy Trail through Old Town St. Charles.  This particular Friday afternoon I had time to kill and needed a java-infusion.  I tried one place - It's a Grind - closed.  So I tried another place - Starbucks - closed.  And so, though it was a bit out of my way, I found myself at the Bike Stop Cafe.  They're located in a vintage two-story building on 3rd Street/Hwy 94 north of most of the action in Old Town St. Charles.  The service area is fairly small, perhaps 6, maybe 8 tables?  Half the back is dedicated to coffee and half is for gears and sprockets and rubber.  There are local news items and bands and ride info or whatnot posted all over the walls.  The guy making my coffee appeared to be the owner and was reserved, but friendly when engaged.  My coffee - to go - took awhile to come up but was hot and satisfying.  I would definitely stop in again if I found myself nearby.  FYI they are one of TWO St. Charles restaurants to participate in Dine Out for Life!
<review# 72,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/30/2012,11/11/2012,220,464,5,6,4>Tim Burton's mid- summers night dream of a patio...-Eccentric mosaic of oyster shells & glass wall- weathered wooden sided wall with unmatched & uneven iron gated windows- ground level tree house lit by Christmas lights & Japanese Lanterns- musicians and music mixes that pull from the obscure, whimsical & surprising talentOn this normal weekday night, the place is comfortably full & I can almost hear the bartenders singing "Making Mischief, Making Mischief"Who will the alcohol fairies make mistakingly fall in love tonight?
<review# 73,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/4/2012,11/10/2012,36,74,3,9,5>I have been meaning to get out to New Day since I moved to STL a year ago. I finally did and I really wish I'd gotten here sooner. I am, of course, pro any place that is completely gluten free. To be able to sit down and order anything off the menu is huge for a Celiac... ANYTHING. Not, can I get the salad but hold the croutons and the dressing. Not, can I have the sandwich without the bread. Or, can you please go back and grill the chef on how they marinated the meat. Anything.I settled in on their special sandwich of the day and it was really really good. Their gluten free bread is incredibly good and potato salad tasty. My daughter was behaving so I stayed longer and  treated myself to a cinnamon roll and it was exceptional. Happy happy girl was I.The only reason I'm giving this place a 4 star instead of a 5 star was the cupcakes. So happy with my dining experience I took some cupcakes to go. They were a bit dry and just meh. So much so that I decided not to order a large fancy cake for a party coming up and found time in my very busy weekend to bake it myself. Oh well, a place can't be perfect.I happily give this place a 4-star and will be back to try other things on the menu when I'm out that way.
<review# 74,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/5/2012,11/9/2012,18,87,2,4,4>Amazing.  I've now been there twice, once with my family and once with a group of girls.  When I visited with my family, it was a crowded Saturday afternoon, very busy, but the food was amazing.Last night, I visited with a group of girls, we sat on the patio for about four hours, drinking, eating and visiting.  Drinks were great,  service was top notch and food was wonderful.  We all ordered different variations of the house salad (mixed greens, onions, cheese, prosciutto ham and house dressing, ranch for me), ordered pizzas and he didn't write a single thing down, although he didn't screw a single thing up.  He was very conscientious of my infant daughter in her carseat on the ground, kept our drinks full, table cleared, etc.The only thing preventing me from giving Peel a full five stars is the following -- I ordered a pizza to take home to my husband.  I believe it was the Thai Chicken pizza.  He was pretty disappointed because the majority of the chicken on the pizza was fatty and gristley.  The patio was perfect last night -- quiet, relaxing and just a great place to spend an evening with friends.
<review# 75,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/7/2012,11/8/2012,151,293,1,6,5>This place has been open for a while - and while I wanted to try it, I never got around to it, because of the small menu that I wasn't quite sure about. It all sounded good, I just never seemed to be in the mood for anything on the menu.But finally, we stopped in here with some fellow Yelpers for some dinner and happy hour action. The cosmos for $5 were actually really good and well made - the wine was just eh, but what do you want for $3? They also had some beer for $3 during happy hour - including Goose Island, not bad! As mentioned, the menu is small - but it rotates somewhat frequently. We started with goat cheese stuffed dates that were wrapped in bacon. They were little bites of heaven, the sweet, salty and smokey flavors were perfect. For the main course, I had the grilled polenta with spinach and mushrooms - it was fantastic! It was covered with fresh parmesan, which really complemented everything really well. The entrees are nicely priced ($10-$15 range), especially for the quality and creativity of the dishes. The service was spot-on as well, our waitress was very knowledgeable about all the dishes, and was in a great mood - genuinely excited to tell us about the menu and what her favorites were.Water Street just may turn into one of my new favorite spots - and their patio is a perfect spot to enjoy a summer evening. I look forward to our next trip!
<review# 76,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/12/2012,11/7/2012,207,169,7,7,6>This one time a month or so ago I agreed to run in Saint Louis track club's road series. I agreed because a friend has been asking me to do some type of official running with him for quite some time. I drank a tall can of Pabst Blue Ribbon before I went, not purposefully. When I showed up to the Visitor's Center I had to pin a number on my shirt and all of this other serious stuff. Gazelles were everywhere. Litheputians from the land of Liltheput and shit. What happened after the fear and anxiety in my PBR laden mindbelly clenched itself in sweaty agony is a strange tale to tell. Yet I can relay you this much. I ran my first F'Real Race and it was 6 miles of my consciousness inhabiting a place in my soulbrain that I still suffer some remnants of PTSD. Thank you shamanfriend for leading me into the desert known as "There are some big ass hills in Forest Park that you didn't know existed but in conquering them you will live."Forest Park contains many great memories for many great people. Weddings, Golfing, Softball, Public Sex, Fishing. For me, Forest Park now carries that time I ran, I ran up a hill, I thought only of some goddamned red shoes bouncing in front of me and I won. I won.The End.
<review# 77,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/18/2012,11/6/2012,75,288,,8,6>I've been here 3 times, the other 2x for dinner, and it was amazing. As far as cajun food awesomeness, this ties with Broadway Oyster Bar, and I know there drinks are good (and strong) too.Went here for Father's Day brunch, made a reservation - btw - the most complete reservation ever: inside or outside, upstairs or downstairs, seriously, i don't know I've ever been offered that many options for a reservation. And the even better news, when we arrived, at 11, our reservation was honored as requested. Nothing like good service.And the brunch, $14,95, and that's the special Father's Day price, usually it's $12.95. The food, oh my goodness. Just the catfish alone makes it worth it. The most crispy, flavorful catfish EVER. There are plenty of lunch type and breakfast type offerings too, some places only have pancakes and eggs, but this is certified brunch. You do have to pay for drinks separately, they are not included in the price.Sausage and biscuits, cornbread souffle, cheese grits, red beans and rice, and bbq ribs... and a sweets table with fruit and cookies, AND...Made to order omelets and pancakes. I ordered peaches and cream pancakes. Yum. Randomly, I discovered pieces of green onion on the pancake. Um, ok... it was busy, maybe someone forgot they just cooked eggs with that spatula. And it was busy, but the brunch line moved very fast. Back to the pancakes: good. The peaches were cold though, which was a weird temperature issue between the pancakes and peaches. But delicious. Seriously, all those snooty brunches for $30/person, this was an amazing bargain at $15/person.
<review# 78,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/14/2012,11/5/2012,108,53,3,5,4>The Hill is one of my favorite foodie neighborhoods in St. Louis. With a last name like mine, I'm pretty much required to like Italian food. Heck, I'm a self-described pastafarian. But Anthonio's offers more than just italian food, they add a dash of Greek to their menu (to be fair, it's more than a dash) for some truly amazing flavor combos and dishes. Most of their gyros and sandwiches are fool-proof, but you HAVE to try their pizza.The scene is a combination of Hill-based townies: families, couples, and a solid watering hole for some of the area intramural teams. A perfect night at Anthonino's begins with some fried calamari, and their Greek pizza. Get their around 7:30/8pm so you can grab a good seat for their trivia night on Thursday, which starts at 9pm. What I love about trivia here is that it's different from the Tenacious Trivia circuit. The rounds seem to go faster and there are drink prizes (mostly shots) at the end of each round. I think the questions are also a bit easier that the status quo - that or the powers that be who run TT are obsessed with disco, silent films from the 1920's, and Chaucer - none of which I give two fu&#$ about. Domestic buckets are on special during trivia - it's not like you have to work on Friday, right?
<review# 79,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/28/2012,11/4/2012,59,177,5,5,8>Hi, I am a book nerd. I read. A lot. Always have, always will. God willing. My parents used to garage sale and I would flip out when they came home with a bag of books for me. I would put them in careful order of what I wanted to read most to what I wanted to read least. I felt like the richest kid in the world when I had a tower of garage sale books. I worked at this branch for about a year and a half a few years back. Man, that was a great part time job. So why 5 stars? I went to this branch yesterday to tell them my sad tale of how my car was stolen a week and a half ago and how, along with my car, three library books were stolen that had been inside. I had my wallet out and everything, expecting to have to pay for these books. She let me know that they were going to put the books in as 'missing' and, should they be recovered (because, let's face it: whomever stole my car probably can't read so what would they do with these rectangular things filled with paper? Except maybe use the pages to make massive blunts, I guess. Crap, I hadn't thought of that....) to please return them. I asked when I might expect a bill for these books and she said they are not going to charge me. What? Such kindness and compassion. Thank you so much. I really wasn't expecting that at all.I love you, St Louis County Library. I want to sit in you all day every day and put all your books in a giant tower of books, in order from what I want to read most to what I want to read least. Many thanks SLCL.
<review# 80,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/24/2012,11/3/2012,12,169,5,6,7>Some serious thanks goes out to my fellow Yelpers for turning me on to the Carondelet Diner. There is no earthly way possible that I would have ever heard of or found this place without the reviews. My first breakfast experience was heavenly!I had the typical breakfast platter with over easy eggs, breakfast potatoes, bacon and a biscuit. First, the eggs were done perfectly. Second, I apparently won the bacon lottery because my plate came with like 8 pieces of applewood smoked bacon. I black out here for a moment due to the pure bliss that is bacon......ok, I'm back! On to the breakfast potatoes. Sweet Mary, these are the best breakfast potatoes I've had, possibly, ever! They are clearly not mass produced, but rather hand cut and pan fried. And the biscuit, well, I was skeptical when it came out with no butter. I mean, between the bacon pile and the fried potatoes, I was clearly going to need to slap some butter on my biscuit to fully complete the artery clogging that I had started here. I did see that butter was brushed on the top, so I gave it a go. It was like biting into a cloud, I tell you! A CLOUD! Fluffy as can be, with salty butter on top. It was perfect in every way.This wasn't breakfast, it was an experience...and all of this only cost me $6.50. The coffee and service were good, too. I'm coming back again and again.
<review# 81,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/14/2010,2/2/2010,26,81,4,7,6>As for the best sandwich in St. Louis, I can not say anymore, I have made claims that the Mom's Special, the Benton Park Po' boy, and even an Adriana's sammy are the best around.... But there is something to be said for a sandwich that is ordered on GARLIC CHEESE BREAD.  Annoying caps aside, I love garlic and cheese, and bread as well, so why wouldn't I go for all three together, and THEN throw some meaty hot salami in there.Come before or after the rush (or on a snow day) get some salt and sour chips and a regular Dr. Pepper, and enjoy the ride.  I get mine with provel cheese (if you have to ask) some mustard and mayo, and pickles lettuce and tomato.  You could do it plain, (plain being hot salami, garlic, cheese, bread, cheese) or whatever your style is, but get it hot.So as for the best sandwich in St. Louis, I can't really say... what do you think Emerico?
<review# 82,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/14/2010,2/1/2010,30,78,2,3,3>Four Muddy Paws is the greatest neighborhood pet store (though store isn't the correct word).  Even though it's in a small space in Lafayette Square, they have all types of things for your pet.  My border collies' favorite is the pet snack bar, where you can mix and match fresh basked pet treats.  They also have a wide variety of toys, leashes, bowls, and other pet necessities for both dogs and cats.  For those who buy their pets natural or gourmet food, there is a wide variety in the back of the shop...and some chewers and treats back there as well.The highlight of the shop for me is the self-service dog washing station.  For a very reasonable price, you can wash and dry your own pet!  But, for those who would rather have it done by someone else, they have pet grooming on site (but I've heard that you need to make a reservation quite a while in advance).Throughout the year, Four Muddy Paws hosts events for Stray Rescue, and social events in their side patio area.  The owners, Matt & Jeff, are great, and the rest of the staff are helpful and knowledgeable.  If you have pets and have never been...stopping by here is a must!
<review# 83,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,12/16/2009,1/30/2010,10,46,7,4,2>I like Teutenberg's a lot, don't get me wrong with the ol' 3 star rating, but again the Yelp stars have gotten the best of me. It's weird giving a place three stars when you like it a lot, but oh well. 3 stars as explained by Yelp is an 'A-ok' rating and that's just what Tender Berries is (as a coworker of mine calls it). It's just solid. Solid service, solid food, clean place. Solid.      They are cheap as well. You can't beat the daily super special for $2.99. You're not paying $2.99 for a cracker and cabbage water either, it's pretty substantial. Grilled cheese and chili, franks and beans...just good cheap stuff....served with a smile. A lot of smiles. They are extremely friendly here, but in an honest way, not like a "I'm so happy I'm going to grow a rainbow out of my face" sort of way.      You know how cheap it is? It's dirt cheap. Cheap, cheap. You mean like those Dirt Cheap commercials? Yes, I do mean that, because it's owned by Mr. Dirt Cheap Fred himself. I had the pleasure of seeing Fred while enjoying lunch one day. Then I had the horror of watching him try out each of the soups...with one spoon...and he slurped. Loudly. I was able to overlook this however as the guy is St. Louis celebrity...am I right? I wanted to jump into the nearest chicken costume, grab my spoon, and join the dude on his souptastic voyage. "The more chili she eats, the better you'll look!" Oh wait, that's not right...
<review# 84,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/9/2010,1/29/2010,30,106,2,5,2>I am definitely going to frequent this place for occasions. The food is great and I had so much fun. The restaurant is cozy/elegant and it smells sooo good! I had the flash fried spinach and the peppered fillet but everything on the menu looked wonderful. Prices are really good. The staff is great and like-able. Love it.
<review# 85,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/11/2010,1/28/2010,86,568,5,3,3>This place gets 4 stars.  1 for the food, 1 for the service, 1 for the view, and 1 for the DUCKS.  If you sit outside in the spring or summer, you might be visited these feathered friends foraging for a few free french fries.  Besides the DUCKS, there is a great view overlooking the pond, replete with boaters who are much more tame than the fabled Lake of the Ozarks boaters.  Good service and good food round out this experience.
<review# 86,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/10/2010,1/27/2010,38,140,2,3,2>so everyone knows about the baked goat cheese by now, and it lived up to the hype.  love it when that happens.i just want to give a little love to the bread pudding, that's some serious cinnamon-y, carmelly goodness.a nice alternative to modesto's, i thought the food was maybe just a notch below at barcelona, but much much cheaper, 6 of us walked out with enough to eat and a pitcher of sangria (waitress was nice enough to give us the half-off deal which is supposed to be only at the bar) for $11 each. tip included.*crowded, make reservations.
<review# 87,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/12/2010,1/26/2010,24,68,3,5,5>Before I moved to Saint Louis I would come here a couple of times a year to visit my sister who lives in Lafayette Square.  Every Saturday that I was in town we'd walk across the park to Square One for a Bloody Mary (they make a good one and I'm really picky about my Bloody Marys) and the flank steak nachos.  It was one of our rituals that I always looked forward to.Now that I live in Saint Louis I still like going to Square One.  The wings  and beer pretzels are great, the beer-cheese soup is wonderful, and recently I tried the tomatoes and goat cheese salad which was a whole tomato filled with goat cheese, cucumbers and basil - YUM.  I've tried many of the appetizers but haven't tasted too many of the entrees so I can't comment on those.It's nice to have a place in Lafayette Square with good tasting beer, tasty bites, and friendly service.
<review# 88,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,12/17/2009,1/25/2010,9,62,3,2,1>This is a fun place to go for a drink or for lunch or dinner.  The fare is "pub," but it's inexpensive and, as I mentioned, fun.  I went there with my wife and her department from the school where she works.  We played bocci, had a few beers and just enjoyed an evening with friends.
<review# 89,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/7/2009,1/24/2010,48,424,2,6,4>Excellent!  Having grown up on the East Coast, I have been to my fair share of diners.  Goody Goody's is definitely one of the best diners in St. Louis.  Located in North County, I had never heard of it until my fiancee took me there today.  It's clean, bright, with excellent service.  The food was great - we had eggs, pancakes, waffles, home fries, etc... everything was just as we ordered, and delicious.  Great coffee too.Chicken and waffles seems to be one of their specialties, but we didn't try it on this visit.  There was a line when we arrived close to 9 AM on a Saturday morning, but it went pretty quickly (about 20 minutes).  They're open for breakfast and dinner, closed on Sundays.If you're a diner kind of person, you should definitely check this place out.  Whenever I see people lining up for an hour at First Watch in Clayton, maybe I'll suggest that some of them take the short drive to North County for some real breakfast.
<review# 90,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/22/2009,1/23/2010,72,652,3,4,2>At first I was a little leery when my friend said she wanted to come here for her bachelorette party bar crawl through Soulard.  I mean, it's a good bar, I always have a good time here, and yes, it's cheap, but is it a good place for a bride??? Not so sure...But we stumble in here about 11:30 and my friend is well on her way, and I ask the waitress if there is anything special she can do for the bride, and though I expect maybe a free shot, or just a blow job shot that I will have to drop $7 for, this place does something different. The waitress looks at me and says of course, takes my friend by the hand, leads her behind the bar and gives her 4 FREE shots and a free beer for me (I think she thought I was the MOH which I'm not, but I don't ever turn down the beer fairy).  Lesson here: Don't discount less traveled bars for bachelorette parties, they will make sure the bride has a good time and that your wallet stays thick with cash.
<review# 91,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/23/2010,2/22/2011,384,258,2,9,4>Went to the Shangri La Diner last night (Thurs.) for dinner for the first time.  We were the only ones in there (at first) and our server was Nathan.The place is very fun looking and a good match for Cherokee....lots of fun colors, crazy Barbie butterfly art and mirror strands hanging all over.The menu is vegan and vegetarian but don't  let that put you off....there's something for everyone I'm sure.  I am mostly a Carnivore for sure.I got the cheese quesadillas with tomatoes and my friends got the BLT (with facon) and a Veggie Pulled pork.  I added photos of them. We all LOVED everything and cleaned our plates!  Nathan was very helpful picking out something for my friend from the menu and he was funny and attentive.We now want to come back and check out their brunch.
<review# 92,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/24/2010,2/21/2011,116,188,7,5,6>I can't give this place 5 stars yet because I haven't had the pizza at this location.  If it's the same quality as the Delmar location, then I would give it 5 stars all the way.I made the trek out here to try out the milkshake bar, after I read somewhere that they have a COCONUT KEY LIME PIE milkshake.  It's almost like Pi hired Leonardo DiCaprio to hack into my dreams and discovered the flavor that my subconscious craves the most. It was 4pm on a Saturday, there were people eating but the place was far from crowded.  We were able to order the milkshakes at the bar, and then go to the downstairs area to watch them being made (kids might like this).  I loved the overall feel to this place, with lovely wood paneling mixed with modern decor, and cool faux-chalkboard illustrations everywhere.  It took about 10 minutes or so for the shakes.  A lot of care goes into making these things, and they are served in classic milkshake glasses and finished with whipped cream, garnish, and piece of custom chocolate.  Hell, even the pink and blue straws looked cool.    You even get some extra shake in one of those big metal glasses.My shake had actual coconut flakes and graham crackers mixed in.and it was fantastic, everything I had hoped.  I also tried the chocolate malt shake, and it was damn good.  At $7 apiece, these things aren't cheap, and there is only one size, so this is more of a treat than a regular thing for me.  But it's only a matter of time before I come back to try the orange-vanilla milkshake.  Damn you Leonardo DiCaprio, how did you know!?
<review# 93,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/19/2010,2/19/2011,22,89,2,7,6>We discovered this place while researching for alternative event venues for our post-wedding reception. We wanted someplace sophisticated but on a smaller, more intimate scale.Cafe Cioccolato is a cross between a chocolate shop, a wine bar, cafe, art gallery, lounge and event venue. Wonderful interior with couches, sculptures, paintings and a glass case of chocolate truffles and bars. These fine chocolates are all imported from Europe and they are oh so delicious. Anything from milk chocolate to paprika spiced truffles - all good. Their milk and dark hot chocolate drinks are unbelievably rich and delicious as well - not fixed by powder, but made from melting the chocolate itself.As an event venue, it doesn't disappoint. The owner, David Salvato, was very helpful in giving advice on event logistics, selecting a good wine list and was very accommodating to our needs that evening.Cafe Cioccolato can be a great place for an intimate event, a place to hang out with friends sipping hot chocolate, or even for a first date.
<review# 94,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/30/2010,2/18/2011,51,285,3,8,4>dear NicHe,you would have gotten a perfect 5-star review from me for this past Sat. night, but you did not.  but that's okay:  because you could always change my mind on a 2nd visit...since all the YeLpers highly recommended this venue for foodies, i booked reservations for this past weekend on the auspicious day of my boyfriend's birthday, who traveled in from the Northeast for a couple of days.  i wanted to impress him on the fact that the STL did have delicious palates for food and make sure he had the best birthday dinner.  from the previous reviews, i knew we would not be disappointed.this little restaurant was bustling at 8:30 pm and so i was glad we had made reservations (HIGHLY recommended or you could easily wait at the bar).  we were seated towards the back in a table that was wasn't very close to any of the other tables, which i was grateful for, since it looked like all the other tables were placed "Georgetown-style."  meaning:  separate tables were probably a good 12 inches apart from each other, to maximize the relatively narrow space, like in GeoRgetoWn, DC.  close quarters require close measures.the ambiance was not what i envisioned:  it was a bit loud and i spoke louder than i typically would during dinner.  this may have been related to the location of our table (towards the back, where the managers, wait staff, chefs, etc. went in and out of the kitchen).we each had the 3-course meal for $35 (a steal if you ask me) and even ordered the farm cheese platter as an appetizer.  the platter showcased 3 different cheeses (2 of which are goat varieties), raisin chutney, slivers of green apple, and lightly toasted bread.  we were enjoying our appetizer and each other's company so much i guess it did not dawn on me until later that our 1st course --consisting of salads-- did not come for an hour.  our waiter, Todd, was diligent on trying to appease our stomachs while we waited by offering extra servings of their olive bread.  he even brought out a tasting of this phenomenal tomato basil sorbet!i had the alaskan halibut (for an extra $6 tacked onto the $35 price) for the main course.  it was delicious but not for the additional 40 minutes i waited to get it.  my boyfriend had the amish chicken and he was very pleased with his dish.for dessert, i chose the lemon pound cake with berry sorbet and my boyfriend had the semifreddo.  to be honest, i liked his choice better than mine.  the pound cake was a bit hard for my liking.as an added bonus, they brought this beautiful "happy birthday" dessert bonus of lavender shortbread under lavender custard and fresh berries (see added picture).  can i say, "i'm in dessert heaven?!?so, NiChe, you get 4-stars for having an affordable 3-course menu, diligent staff, and some amazing appetizers and desserts.  i commend you for being so foodie forward (tomato basil sorbet anyone??).  but i would rather not have to wait as long as we did.  i promise to come back and pray that the timing of food approaching my table is better.  thank you.love,L
<review# 95,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/31/2011,2/17/2011,9,62,5,4,3>We visited Mai Lee Vietnamese Restaurant for the first time since it moved from Delmar to off Hanley Road.  Thank goodness I got a GPS system for my car or I doubt I would have found the place.  Once we arrived we were seated quickly (15 minutes) even though there seemed to be a crowd waiting.  The new "digs" were quite nice compared to the old store front location on Delmar just east of I 170.  We were happy to discover that our favorite menu items were still on the menu.  While it was a little disappointing that prices increased considerably, the new quarters are much nicer.  The service was a bit on the slow side but it was Saturday night so we were willing to cut them some slack.  The quality of the food was as good as it always was at the original location.  I would try and list what the entrees we had were but spelling Vietnamese dishes is quite a bit above my pay grade.  We had crispy egg rolls and their famous fish sauce.  For entrees we had a chicken in curry sauce and a beef with satey sauce.  Both were very good, but we knew that going in.  I don't know, maybe I'm crazy, but the chop sticks seemed longer and gave me a bit of a problem...or did my fingers just get shorter, I haven't decided yet.
<review# 96,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/25/2010,2/16/2011,25,38,7,9,9>Thank you, Miso, for finally satisfying my month-long sushi and sake craving. I tried other places, including that other Clayton standby (Wasabi) without relief. I even found myself debating the pilfered selection at Whole Foods on more than one occasion. But it was you -- harshly written off in my college days for being faux-trendy and too expensive -- that came through for me. And for that, you have earned a place in my digital rolodex once more.First of all, your cute-as-a-button server was just fantastic. He was attentive without being leering, quick without rushing, and overall knowledgeable and friendly. Can we be besties?Second, your $10 bottle of Nigori (enough for two people to sip throughout the meal) is offered at a better price point than is by some of the liquor stores 'round here. I'm in heaven.And finally -- The sushi was just what Dr. Feelgood prescribed. After a bowl of perfectly salted edamame, we ordered four specialty rolls, including the Papasan (mouthgasm) the Magic Mushroom (chewy and delicious -- no rice in this one, which disappointed my dining companion but left me rubbing my belly in pleasure) and some sort of spicy-tempura-type-thing that I can't pick out on the menu. I don't usually order dessert, but after such a well-rounded meal, I had to go for the green tea mochi. The perfect digestif. Total bill was ~$80, which may be a bit pricey for everyday St. Louie dinners, but felt warranted for a Sunday night treat.I heard you got a new chef and hired a decorator. It shows. See you for a late-night rendezvous soon?
<review# 97,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/22/2010,2/15/2011,224,200,4,5,4>I went to this place several months ago (see Stephanie S's review) so my memory is a little hazy.One word to describe Bailey's Chocolate Bar: sexy.The place is really gorgeous. We sat upstairs. I love the romantic/goth feel. I loved the artwork of naked chicks on the walls, the red and black motif, the roses on the tables. The little touches like the cookies that came with your water before you've even placed an order. Love it.Our service was really great. The bartender was very accomodating. Like Steph said, when we didn't like our drinks, he replaced them no problem. Super nice guy.Problem...WE DIDN'T LIKE OUR DRINKS. They were SO strong. I believe I got one of their spicy chocolate martinis (it was called "Sexual" or something, haha, so I HAD to order it. Plus I love the chocolate + chiles combo). It just tasted like straight alcohol. And peppers. And a slight touch of chocolate. It should have been called Drunken Sex in a Mexican Brothel.I also got a cheese plate. Don't remember all that was on it, but I do remember that it was SCRUMPTIOUS. Their desserts were good. I can't remember what I had (so maybe not that good?) but I know it was pretty delicious. Steph's bread pudding was pretty tasty, but she's the Bread Pudding Queen and insisted it was nasty. What do I know? But she's a bit pickier than me. ;)I want to try the place again. I bet if I told the bartender "more chocolate than alcohol, plz", he'd oblige. Really only good for special nights out rather than a frequent thing, as the drinks are indulgent and expensive.I see a Valentine's Day outing in my future..but only if I'm single this year, because I can't see anyone with a pair of balls truly enjoying this place (though I admit I would melt if a guy took me here anyway! HINT. ha). Great for girls night out though! But I'm pretty sure this is a popular V-Day spot (rivaling The Melting Pot) and I enjoyed it when it WASN'T packed...I will be back. And I feel the need to buy sexy lacy lingerie for the ocassion.
<review# 98,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/24/2010,2/14/2011,71,61,3,5,6>Always a wonderful place to catch a not-so-mainstream flick.  They have something for everyone at the concession stand - even an espresso bar! A latte and sour patch kids for movie time? Yes, please!It has a low-key vibe, which I love.  There aren't kids running around everywhere and the staff has always been friendly and helpful the handful of times I've been here.  Definitely a fan and I'll for sure be back.
<review# 99,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/29/2010,2/13/2011,155,339,3,10,5>What?  I haven't written a review of Northwest Coffee yet?When talking about St. Louis, there are a few stories I like to tell.  This is one of them:When I was new to the area, I made up my mind to investigate one new place near me listed on Yelp every once in a while.  Northwest Coffee was to be the first destination.  I walked down the street quick enough and finally got to the address, and-- what--?  The coffee shop was a weird 'ol garage situated behind gates and gravel!I turned and ran back to my apartment, tail between my legs.A few months later, I vowed to check it out for real, on the advice of a friend.  Within the first five minutes I realized what I had been missing: a cozy, fun coffee shop super-close to me that probably has the best coffee in all of St. Louis.  Forget that Coffee Cartel stuff-- this brew is real!Even though it's small, NW Coffee offers a variety of spots to sit: in the sun around the firepit, at one of the outdoor tables under a huge awning, at the counter or bar inside, or more standard tables well-lit by natural and electric light.  The Wi-Fi internet connection is extremely reliable, so it's a great place to work and study.NW Coffee isn't too stocked in the baked goods department, and as far as I know, nothing's made to order, but that's okay.  This is a place for coffee.  I also love the 'community coffee shop' feel, but of particular interest are all the religious-type meetings that seem to take place on the grounds.  Is NW Coffee a hangout for SLU religion students or something?  I can't tell.One last thing to note is NW Coffee's unusual coffee card system.  Instead of getting punches with each purchase, you pay for 10 of the same drink up front and it's worth 11 at the counter.  Each card gets you $2.00 off coffee or your next card, and if you collect 20 cards (yowza!), you get one free.
<review# 100,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/26/2010,2/12/2011,98,1037,2,9,7>Do you ever feel like having a nice, upscale Mexican dinner? There simply aren't many places in STL that offer that option. In fact, I can only think of one... Milagro! The place is a bit difficult to find if you don't know the area. It's at the back of a strip mall in old-town Webster... behind the San Sai. Milagro is one of the few places that will make their fish tacos with grilled fish instead of breaded fried fish. I always get them. They're so good. Ask for a side of creamy aioli sauce.... it's perfect for dipping. I also tried the lamb this time. I'm glad I tried it. The lamb was very tender, and the side of squash and corn were good too. However, I was looking for a dish that packed a bit more punch. Someone else at the table ordered the chicken mole dish and it looked really good with lots of mole sauce. I think I'll try that next time. Adam, the owner, was on hand and was kind enough to discuss the STL restaurant scene over after dinner drinks at the bar. It's clear by his restaurant and his passion that he's in the right business. It was also nice to hear an owner speak highly and recommend other restaurants in town. Right on Adam... we'll be back soon.
<review# 101,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/20/2009,6/5/2009,52,23,4,4,2>There aren't a lot of decent teppanyaki restaurants around st. louis. And I'll have to say, out of the ones we do have, this is by far my favorite. It's truly a tiny place but dont let that fool you. They are a force to be reconed with!The chef we had was what sealed the deal for me. We got everything from the onion volcano, to the tossing the shrimp in the mouth. I was the lucky one that actually got to catch the shrimp as it was sailing through the air into my chompers. Is it just me or does catching food in your mouth make it that much more enjoyable? I think that's a fact. Food being thrown into your mouth tastes way better than just putting it in with utensils. I think what the Japanese are really trying to say is that eastern flying food is superior to western food that sits on a plate all boring just like your grandparents TV shows. I don't know what I'm getting at so I'll get back to the food. It was delicious. The end.Oh but this IS a little bit pricier than I expected. OR it could have been the ridiculous amounts of sake I consumed. Whatever. It was worth it.
<review# 102,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/19/2009,6/3/2009,132,135,1,5,2>I have to admit, I don't know if I ever would have tried this place if it were not for two things 1. Yelp and 2. iPhone.I noticed the good reviews and made a mental log that I wanted to try Anthoninos.  One night while driving around a few friends and I wanted to eat, I thought lets go to Anthoninos.  Neither of my companions had heard of it and I could not for my life remember where it was.  Enter iPhone.So, we found the place and I know my friends were skeptical.  But, the food did not disappoint.  Everything was great!  I have been back several times now and have had excellent experiences.  Last visit, fried artichoke hearts served with tziki sauce and pizza topped with spinach and tomatoes.  Place was PACKED on a saturday at 2 pm due to graduation celebrations.  Service was still great.  Awesome find, thanks yelpers!
<review# 103,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/20/2009,6/2/2009,73,147,1,3,3>The cupcakes here aren't as ginormous as Jilly's, but cupcakes don't really need to be that big.  The Tuxedo cupcake is my favorite but I also enjoy the Peanut Butter cup and the Mocha Capuucino.  I find Jilly's to be fluffier, but the Cupcakery gets it right too and has a variety of choices to choose from.  It's a treat to enjoy after devouring at any of the 239483029 restaurants in CWE.
<review# 104,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/22/2008,6/1/2009,41,46,,2,2>This place was great.  I haven't tried the pho yet but I did get to try two really good things from their fairly extensive list of vegetarian options.  Service is really good.  The food is excellent and generously portioned.  I had the "asian brocoli" (kai-lan) sauteed in garlic and it was fab, with lots of onions, baby corn, and little mushrooms.  They didn't skip on the garlic and the whole dish had a mellow richness which was really great.My only wish would be for them to offer brown as well as white rice.  This doesn't seem too common here in St. Louis, which is a shame.
<review# 105,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/21/2009,5/31/2009,9,5,,2,2>The ultimate CWE hangout, 24 hours a day! Where else can you rub elbows with the gamut of Midwest humanity, from panhandlers to Ladue elites? The free wireless is a plus, too. My biggest knock is the chronic under-staffing, no matter what hour of the day. Do not try popping in if you are in a hurry! Having said that, the kids that work the counter are always pleasant, entertaining and, ahem, colorfully dressed.You will enjoy the massive patio acreage on a sunny afternoon or a warm evening. Select a table with a commanding view of Maryland Plaza and watch the crush of humanity bustle and flow on a weeknight or weekend.And if you happen to see me, large coffee, black with Splenda if you please.
<review# 106,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/24/2009,5/30/2009,94,45,,2,2>The lovely and delicious smokey aroma that hits you when you walk in the front door betrays what the signage and other branding doesn't tell you: this is a BBQ joint, a fine dining BBQ joint. On our first visit I had two regrets--that we didn't make our first visit sooner, and that we didn't come on a Friday. It's a small room and it's a popular place to eat so you're bound to have to wait to be seated on a Friday or Saturday--even squeezing into the bar to wait was kind of a problem for us. We had the duck fat fried frites, pulled pork sandwiches, and pork tenderloin dish. Everything was delish. My one disappointment was the Duck Fat Fried Frites. I don't know what I was expecting but there wasn't anything particularly interesting about them. To be fair, I think my hopes  and expectations were more than they could live up to. But this place is impressive, and very affordable. Go soon and go often.
<review# 107,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/5/2008,5/29/2009,31,198,1,3,4>A few months ago, I moved a little farther from the South Grand area and the Gelateria isn't really in my 'hood anymore, but before that, I regularly went there for coffee and less frequently (because I try not to eat too, too many desserts) for their delicious sorbettos.  When I first started going there, the atmosphere was weird in that there really wasn't one to speak of.  Big comfy chairs, yes, but it sometimes felt like a strange place to sit and read, hang out with someone, or try to get some work done.  I think that often goes away once a place isn't so new, and that happened there.  After a while, I was there reading or working on my computer pretty often.  In nice weather, the patio out back is open, and it's nice because most patios for South Grand establishments tend to be on the street, which can get loud or too high traffic.  Back to the drinks and frozen treats!  They're one of the few places I've found that actually have Cubanos on the menu, and although I don't order them frequently, they are one of my favorite espresso beverages.  Since I've only recently gone back to eating a some dairy after years of veganism, I mostly have experience with their sorbettos, which change in variety just as their gelatos.  I haven't met one I didn't like.  I would recommend mixing up two flavors if you're feeling a little wild.  Go for something tart like lemon or lime and perhaps a berry.  I finally had a little taste (and then a few more bites) of their pistachio gelato.  Pistachio has always been one of my favorites and i was not disappointed.  The staff is generally super friendly and if you become a regular, don't be surprised if they remember your drink of choice.  Also, don't be shy to ask for a sample of a gelato or sorbetto.
<review# 108,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,5/12/2009,5/27/2009,70,84,1,2,1>I grew up in University Hills, so my family (who still lives there) and I have watched this adorable restaurant spot change, what feels like, summer after summer. When my brother and I were little, it was an ice cream place, then it became restaurant after restaurant, all over priced and slow according to my parents who'd walk up on date nights. BiCi hasn't followed in the others food steps... yet. And doesn't seem to be heading that direction. After opening last summer, which was a rough one and seemed slow, they've found their grove. My brother was the first in our house to venture the four streets south to Jackson and Pershing, as my parents were with me in Boston, on his 13th birthday (we love him... I think.). Talking to him on the phone that night in December, he said I had to go. Their pizza was good, and Kate and Hannah (my friends from high school staying with him for the weekend) didn't seem too impressed, but their standards are higher than a good pepperoni pizza. His selling point was that it was cheap. Then my parents went a few weeks ago, while Jojo was out and I was babysitting. I got home and they raved about it (usually when I babysit and their out their person chef, they eat from the freezer packed of frozen meals - it's gross). My dad also commented on it being cheap. I asked the prize question: was it as slow as the pizza place that was there once? My dad laughed and said nothing could be that slow. My mom, who has no concept of time, was sure that their food was fast. Either way, they seemed pleased and full - not sure what they had though, neither are home for me to ask. So finally, last night I walked down with my best friend from preschool (yes. we met 18 years ago, friends ever since). It was nice. We got there around 8:10pm, took a seat on the patio that was almost full. The menu was full of options, but when a friend asked what kind of food it was later - I couldn't say. Kate and I spilt the bruschetta of the night: classic. They didn't list balsamic vinegar on the specials menu, and boy were those tomatoes drenched. When they were first delivered to our table I was worried we'd missed the word beets. BiCi must have found the first good tomatoes - I've lately been pulling them off of things as they aren't ripe and this is Missouri, we could still take the tomato, the basil was MIA, but the parmesan cut a little of the acidity, the 'toasts' were crispy. I had the special BBQ chicken pizza with cilantro and red onion, which I enjoyed. Kate wasn't fond of her tiny grilled ahi tuna sandwich on, what looked like, storebrand wheat bread. But! the sweet potato fries were HEAVENLY. Sweet from the potato, fried perfectly so that they were crisp on the outside but soft in the middle. Then. Salted to perfection with sea salt. Best sweet potato fries I've had to this day. I was pleased. But soda is by the bottle, so I opted for the ice tea. We didn't see the dessert menu as the kitchen closed at 9, not sure if that's standard or because it was Monday. Staff was nice, and we had good service - wasn't slow, others around us seemed please. We did over hear the waitress tell the table of elders next to us that they are going to start opening on Sunday's in June. I LOVE al fresco dining, which in Boston doesn't start until end of May, early June due to weather, but here by the end of March its on a day to day basis. BiCi's patio might be bigger than inside. They will be packed on summer nights, or at least I hope. The neighborhoods need them to stick it out, but can't survive on just us.
<review# 109,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/11/2009,5/26/2009,2556,833,3,7,5>I went here over the weekend and hot damn is this place fun! Obviously this place gets a ton of love, so I'm not going to write a huge review about how amazing it is (which it is), but just jot down a couple of helpful hints that I wished i would have known and will use next time i go.1) wear jeans. It was a beautiful day and i wanted to wear shorts. While the weather wasn't a problem, my knees got SERIOUSLY banged and scraped up. I actually saw people wearing kneepads as they played around. I might not go that far, but i wish i would have at least had that layer of denim between my knees and the concrete2) Nothing in your pockets, unless it is absolutely necessary. I destroyed a pack of smokes, and was constantly convinced I would lose my camera or wallet. I think this place should consider renting lockers or cubbies. I'm sure they'd come up with a really fun and quirky way to go about it3) Don't wear a hat. I had a ball cap on, and any time i was crawling through a tiny tunnel it became very difficult to see due to the bill on my  hat.That's all i've really got. I have nothing negative to say about this place at all, and will be back ASAP. I just think i'd have had more fun if i dressed a little more appropriately.
<review# 110,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/15/2009,5/25/2009,152,421,1,1,1>Love the Cha-Yoon roll, which has shrimp, eel, masago, mango, and cucumber. It's a small place but has never been crowded the few times I've visited. There's a young, trendy vibe here, usually with Eurodance/techno music playing on the speakers, even at lunch time.
<review# 111,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/12/2011,6/7/2011,129,341,8,12,17>If you had told me that when the rest of St. Louis was celebrating (the unofficial) St. Patrick's Day, I'd be at Downtown Urgent Care, I'd have the expectation that I'd also be making the local news with the story "St. Louis man's attempt to break Guinness record for drinking Guinness ends in tragedy."Unfortunately, nothing quite so glorious.  Turns out that after a week of hacking and coughing, I was threatened by the beautiful wife to either get cured or be put out of my misery.I showed up about at noon and was quickly checked in.  They take many insurance providers, so while I still had to pony up the "urgent" copay, it's far better than my ER copay.  After a short wait (they admitted that they were short staffed), I was taken to an examination room.Long story short, with the exam, x-rays, a diagnosis of pneumonia, and a nebulizer treatment, I was out of there in just over an hour.To make it even better, I got my antibiotics gratis and the steroids I got prescribed were available across the street at Culinaria (reason #23,234 why I love having Culinaria Downtown)Great service -- I look forward to using them as my PCP in the future as well.
<review# 112,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,7/12/2010,6/5/2011,53,95,2,5,3>Mac and cheese, what every growing boy and girl needs, right? We were eager to try this place upon hearing of it's opening in the old Pizza Haus spot on Delmar. Who doesn't love this comfort food.As other reviewers have noted, you pay at the counter and can watch the 'cooks' prepare your choice of fixins and mac, ala Qdoba or Subway, but it doesn't feel like fast food. We ordered  the four cheese and the pesto. Both came out in about 5 minutes with about 75% capacity in the restaurant, very hot and very cheesy. Don't let your eyes fool your stomach, mac and cheese is filling and the smaller size is plenty for even dinner. Order a neighborly Fitz's to wash it down.We were surprised by the decor of the place. For being new, I do not think the owner put much work in sprucing up the place. The chairs were obviously very well used/donated and the floors while clean, certainly not shiny. Nothing in the way of decorations or ambience. Compared to the similar concept Noodles and Co. down the street with very warm, homey lighting and paint. So, the space is spartan, but large enough to accommodate a good lunch or dinner crowd. The menu is still just a large sheet of paper by the registers (future menu board?) but you are too busy deciding to notice. At the end of the day, come for the food, it's a unique concept in StL and certainly enough varieties to keep you coming, but just ignore the environment and e-a-t!
<review# 113,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/7/2011,6/4/2011,162,304,4,8,6>O.M.G.For all dark chocolate lovers, the Gold Coast will win you over.It's really really, ridiculously good.Next time (and there will be a next time) I'm totally getting only a spoonful of the Gold Coast on my ice cream cone. It'd be great as a topping, but it was too rich for me to have a whole scoop.Did I mention I'm lactose-intolerant? That may also have been why it was too rich, but really, it's really rich. Did I also mention it's rich? My favorite ice cream flavor is mint chocolate chip and this one was delicious. I got one small scoop of it with a small scoop of Gold Coast. I am someone who has never liked chocolate ice cream. I much prefer chocolate chips in vanilla or mint ice cream, but never straight up chocolate. The Gold Coast won me over, even if it did get too heavy for me after like six bites (that's my fault, not yours, Serendipity!)Beware though, it's NOT for non dark-chocolate lovers (if those crazies really exist).Service, price, cuteness of the shop were all top-notch. I just wish it was a little closer to me, le sigh.
<review# 114,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/9/2010,6/3/2011,59,303,,11,4>Yeah. I went there again for some soulfully tasty morsels.Compared to other soul food/southern restaurants in the immediate area, this is my fave (hence the five stars). The food comes out fresh and not from a steam tray, and Mama Josephine's banks on quality over quantity (even though the portions are pretty big).Mama Josephine's is located equidistant from Sweetie Pie's and Yummie's, both slightly more prolific soul food restaurants ("restaurant" for Yummie's which "serves" "food".) and I believe it's the best of the three.My chicken came out just right: tasty, crispy, and meaty. Yum. I ordered the mac and cheese again, as well as the potato salad. In addition to my meal, I also tried their pecan pie, which seemed familiar and wonderful.Ultimately, I really like this place because I feel like this is what southern, down-home cooking should be: comforting, rich and delicious.The other two restaurants are overrated cafeterias by comparison.
<review# 115,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/14/2011,6/2/2011,213,311,,6,7>This review is based on stopping in the bar for drinks only, but I really really like this place so far. Great vibe here!I gave the Bavarian Weizen a shot and I am a fan. The unfiltered look scared me a bit at first, but it tasted great! The bar area has some cozy booths along the wall and a sweet distiller in the corner. I asked the bartender what the distillery in their name was about after seeing the one in the corner and he whipped out a list of home distilled liquors. I was impressed! They even do absinthe although they were out of it at the time. Very cool Square One! I was very happy with my short 1st visit and I will be back to enjoy more of what this little brew factory has to offer. And I want to sit out on that lovely little patio of theirs real bad!
<review# 116,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/4/2011,6/1/2011,45,301,3,10,4>One of my favorite spots in St Louis.  Yeah, it's crowded, but I consider that part of the market going experience.  All the more reason to get there early (especially on Saturdays).Every once in a while I like to treat myself to some of those mini donuts they fry right in front of you.  I am also having a torrid love affair with Baetje Farms goat cheese (baetjefarms.com).  Seriously, if you haven't tried their garlic and chive coeur de creme yet, cough up the $8 next time you're at the market and try it.  You'll love it.  Finally, I've noticed certain sellers are starting to advertise the fact that their food is locally produced (I can't remember the name of their booth, but one family has a giant "Locavores Welcome" banner above their stand.  Their fresh asparagus in late May is the best I've ever had).  If you pay attention to the details, it becomes more obvious which booths are selling wholesale produce and which are local farmers.  So yeah, set your Saturday alarm clock for early, pack your reusable bags and get going to the market!
<review# 117,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/6/2011,5/31/2011,25,86,4,8,4>Holy. Freakin. Moly.  I. Am. In. Love.  This is one of my new favorite places.Let me preface this review by explaining that my sis and I try to go to lunch every weekend, usually on Saturdays.  And let me also explain that, somehow, while we are both vegetarians, we manage to have completely opposite tastes in food.  So picking a place is usually a loving, sisterly power struggle.  One that sometimes ends in us not going to lunch at all.  Basically, it's like we're 10 again, even though I'm pushing 27, and she's pushing the dirty 30.  So we finally came up with the solution that we would alternate picking places, without protest from the other.  And I let her go first.  She picked Foundation Grounds.We walked in and saw a delish looking pastry case full of cookies and brownies and pies...oh my!  And quiche too, which changes daily, but was roma tomato, caramelized onions, and parmesan cheese.  Some of them were flourless, like the peanut butter chocolate cookie that I bought for my mom, and some were vegan, like the brownie that I bought for myself.  There were also lots of veggie and vegan options on the menu, including sandwiches, quesadillas, and specials that change daily (including 2 soups).  I knew that I wanted soup, but I couldn't decide which to order (vegan veggie with quinoa or cheesy potato), so they let me sample both, and while both were amazing, I chose the cheesy potato, as did my sis.  I also ordered the Brother Jones quesadilla, with house blend cheese (heavy on the cheddar, but I occasionally got a taste of gorgonzola too), red and green peppers, onions, and cilantro, and served with sour cream and a house made salsa, which was a bit too spicy for me.  And my sis ordered a sandwich which consisted of fresh spinach, pears, apple butter, and brie cheese, on some kind of whole grain bread.  My quesadilla was SO cheesy and incredible.  I'm usually a sauce person, but I hardly used the sour cream because it was THAT tasty on its own.  Honestly, I wanted to order another one, but I refrained.  And the potato soup was one of the best that I've ever had.  Usually, restaurants always put bacon in their potato soup, which is a shame, because this Irish girl LOVES her patatas.  I did order more of the soup-a cup to go.  I also had a sample of my sister's sandwiches, which was really good, except for the fact that I'm not crazy about apples, and therefore apple butter.  Oh, and she ordered it without the onions.  Boo.The service was also really super friendly, and the owner or manager (?) came around to make sure that everything was well received.  I LOVE that in a little coffee shop!  I can't WAIT to go back again soon.  And I can't believe that we actually both AGREED on a food place!  Thanks Foundation Grounds, for being yummy, and for keeping the peace!
<review# 118,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,6/19/2010,5/30/2011,98,1037,3,4,2>This place needs to get the kinks worked out, but when they do, it should be good. We arrived around 9:30ish on a Friday. The hours say they are open until 1:30am but we were definitely their last customers. They didn't have any soda or liquor. They were waiting on their liquor license and the soda machine wasn't connected yet. There were TV's everywhere playing the Cardinal game. The place was very clean, and new. Upon entering the dining room from the bar, you can see into the kitchen. It was spotless. We ordered the pulled pork and pork ribs. They were out of the pulled pork, so they subbed smoked wings instead. The food was good. It tasted like it was made with care. It can't shake a stick to Pappy's but it is good que and it was cheap. $17 plus tip for everything. The food will bring me back to see if they can fix the other issues. The server was a bit quirky, but the guys from the kitchen kept coming out to ask how the meal was... seemingly proud of their cooking. Nice touch.
<review# 119,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/10/2011,5/29/2011,25,64,11,10,10>Books recently seen during a visit:- How to hide things (with step-by-step instructions on building fake walls)- How to smuggle drugs- A primer on Mexican brothels- How to seduce women through Satanic magic- How to launder money- How to snare humans- A coloring book on women's...erm...unmentionables- How to build a 9mm sub-machine gun from scratch When the apocalypse hits, you can find me at Apop.
<review# 120,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/2/2010,5/28/2011,128,33,3,15,5>EXTRA! EXTRA! Read all about it. Seoul Garden Korean restaurant is under a new management!I was excited to try it out to see if there's a Korean restaurant in St. Louis that I can finally recommend on Yelp and to find a place that I can come back again & again for some good authentic K-food.  The Verdict:  I had some trouble breathing from all the food that I consumed, but I was completely satisfied!Since the place was new, I ordered two basic K-dishes for our meal:Pork bulgogee & Soondooboo jigae.  (See pics)Pork bulgogee is a Korean BBQ dish.  But it's got some major spicy kick to it.  The meat was perfectly marinated and I loved how the quality of meat was lean and the pieces were big.  The dish came out on a stone plate to keep the meat warm through out the meal.  I ate about 2/3 of this dish by putting a piece of meat in a lettuce wrap with some rice, slices of garlic & jalapeno pepper, and some dipping sauce. It was simply OUTSTANDING!!Soondooboo jigae is a hot silky tofu soup with mixes of seafood. During a cold night, this soup will warm you up and tonight, it just hit the spot for me. The best part of the whole Korean meal experience is eating the banchans (small side dishes) that come with your meal and I was impressed by the quality and number of side dishes that were presented. (See pic)I'm grateful to find some good ol' Korean cooking here in St. Louis and I only wish the best for the new management!
<review# 121,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/5/2009,8/25/2009,4,9,7,10,5>Yes, I know that reviewing a laundromat is far and away the most helpful Yelp service I can provide. It's altogether hip, nifty, and useful. That said, a good laundromat is hard to find and this particular one deserves high marks.There's nothing overtly fancy about it. There are no mounted televisions (a common laundromat feature where I come from), there's no air conditioning in the summer, and the back of the facility has a downward slant. The washing machines seem either to come from an era before mounted timers or are the bare bones, industrial editions. Aesthetically, it's bland.That said, when I have the drunken urge to wash some clothes at 3 in the morning, this 24-hour laundromat is open to provide me worry-free satisfaction. Some may recall Helena Bonham Carter in Fight Club making off with unattended clothing from a dryer (boy, did Tim Burton get a catch). These shenanigans are unheard of here. Every sock, shirt, and boxer I have deposited into the silver dryers that line the wall (in my 1+ year of patronage) has been there upon my tardy return.Ultimately, there is nothing extraordinary about this place. But I guess I don't really want extraordinary out of my laundromat. Here, there is never a wait for a machine and, as its only real 21st century feature, I can use its free wireless internet services. Without my computer, there is almost always a healthy stack of RFTs around, should I decide to guard my clothing. Yes, the occasional machine breaks (dollar-quarter converter included, but that happens everywhere, right?), but there are enough machines that it doesn't matter and the management is often quick to make repairs. This really is everything I could ask for in a laundromat.So, will I go back? Absolutely.
<review# 122,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/12/2008,8/20/2009,53,156,,6,5>This place is quality.  The food is excellent and the service is some of the best I've ever had.I had the Grilled Corn Bisque for my first course and it completely started the meal off right.  It had a nice toasted corn taste with tasty chunks of crab meat.  Very nice.I then had the Shrimp and Grits as my main course and it was wonderful.  The shrimp were huge and the grits were quite good.  A combination I'd never had before, but it turned out great.The dessert was a mousse with peanut butter foam and a blackberry short cake.  It was good, but not the best dessert I've ever had.I have nothing bad to say about this place at all.  I look forward to going again.
<review# 123,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/4/2008,8/19/2009,59,303,1,4,4>I think this will rank up there on my Neighborhood Bar list. It's brand new, yes, but a far, far, far cry from what it used to be as Ron's Mighty Pub, which wasn't really Mighty at all, or very pub-like. Amsterdam Tavern, located at the up and coming Morganford neighborhood sets an example for the entire St. Louis Metro area that non- smoking establishments are not only smoke free, but have the capacity to be "cool."This place lives by the KISS method: Keep It Simple, Stupid. And they do it well. It's a local watering hole, with a beautiful, polished feel to it, with a very decent selection of beer. I eyed some Red Stripe there, next to a couple of Linenkeugels. Awesome start to a beautiful friendship.I found out that the bartender that served me was a co-owner, and couldn't wait to let loose his plans for his bar, which will soon include a simple, but tasty-sounding bar menu that will stick to an ideal of simplicity- I hate it when some bars try to make an extra buck by passing themselves off as true restaurants. KISS.I also didn't know that there was a habitable (for bar patrons) back patio, which was a great place to start off my weekend, enjoying a Stella, during the first few days of Fall. It was chilly that night, but was supplemented with a nifty fire pit that resembled a jet engine in its intensity. It quickly died down, which I was thankful for, since the pit itself rested on a plywood board, on top of wood chips. Imagine the inferno!Regardless, it was a good thing. My service was superb (which translates to "I got my drinks QUICKLY") and there was always someone around that provided great conversation around the fire pit.By the way, the Juke choices by the crowd hanging around made me feel at home. Again, this place wins my heart as my New Neighborhood Bar.
<review# 124,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,2/13/2009,8/18/2009,59,177,3,4,4>Not much selection for a veg but I am more or less used to that and can still generally have a good dinner most places I go. The adult grilled cheese is pretty good, the fried pickles are not too bad (though I prefer pickle chips over wedges) and the salads are ok. I was excited to see they offer a vegetarian onion soup since most restaurant onion soups have animal broth but I wasn't a fan; onion soup isn't supposed to be sweet. For some reason I do like to hit this place up at least once a winter...for some reason, it just seems like a comfort food place to go. However, the last time a friend and I were there, we were practically hyperthermic by the time we left. Get off your wallet and turn the heat up, Llywelyns!
<review# 125,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/17/2008,8/17/2009,15,74,6,7,5>There's so much fun crap to look at, you might have a seizure.  I finally tried Venice with a friend last week, and both of us couldn't believe we hadn't been there yet.  On your first visit, you will likely be confused.  We were very confused.  We walked in, made our way to the patio, sat down, and picked up the menu.  As soon as we had done that, a waitress/bartender (she was all over the place that night) set down a reserved sign on our table, said "sorry, guys," and walked away.  Puzzled, we caught her again, and she informed us that no, the entire patio wasn't closed, she just needed our particular table open for when the fortune teller showed up.  I think making way for a fortune teller is one of the better reasons you could be asked to yield your table.So we picked a new table and somehow (it wasn't easy) pieced together that we were supposed to find "the Jerk Station" and place our order there.  So we located the counter just outside the door to the patio and placed our orders.  I knew beforehand that this was a cash-only establishment and prepared accordingly, but I still instinctively reached for my debit card when it was time to pay.  That has nothing to do with Venice Cafe, only with my short-term memory.The food arrived, it was fantastic.  I had the kabobs (one jerk chicken, one shrimp, one veggie).  SO MUCH FOOD.  We also had an order of fried plantains and dumplings.  Those dumplings were magnificent!   Drinks were strong and priced right for St. Louis, the food was tasty, but really you have to go just to see the place.  It's a colorful blast of junk, recycled refuse, memorabilia, and random mosaics, somewhat reminiscent of the City Museum.  Go.
<review# 126,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/20/2009,8/16/2009,23,140,3,4,2>+more quality tv's than one would know what to do with. I could imagine myself getting whiplash from my neck turning my head to check out all the action if there was more than 2-3 different games on at once. A Saturday afternoon there would likely have me getting taken out on a backboard with my head imobilized.+very good food, and not ridiculously overpriced considering the look of the place and the fact that its in Ladue.+while there was a moderate wait for a table, there was a huge bar area to hang out and get a few drinks in to wait.+they have little speakers you can request to put at your table to listen to whichever tv you want. They have a hard time actually picking up the channel sometimes, but all in all a good idea for a sports bar.-only negatives are:    1. Our waitress was borderline annoying. She did her job and was clearly going by the book about suggesting an appetizer and dessert and whatnot, but wow was she over the top. I wanted to smack her and just ask her to be a normal person and not a stereotypical car salesman.   2. As for all my reviews in St. Louis until further notice, I hate smoke in bars. I hate it when I'm there to eat and I hate when I'm there just to drink. I'll pay a little more for my drinks if it means I'll have clean air and not have to take a shower before I go to bed.
<review# 127,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/7/2009,8/15/2009,17,68,,4,3>I can't believe that I've missed out on this restaurant for so long. What was I thinking? We went to the Shaved Duck on a Friday night had one of the best meals I've ever had in St Louis. For some reason, I had gotten it into my head that I wanted roast duck for dinner. Apart from a few Chinese places, I couldn't think of where to go, and a search for "duck" turned up this place, and true to their name, they in fact serve duck.We got a warm greeting as soon as we stepped inside and were seated in the tiny main dining room. This room is separated from the bar by a wall partly made of stained glass, and the other major decoration is a large print of, appropriately,  a smoker. A two-man band was setting up, and families with kids had started to trickle in. I worried that it might become too noisy, but the music was not amplified and the kids must have been too preoccupied with their dinners to make a peep. We started with the duck frites, which were extremely thin little shavings of potato, deep-fried in duck fat. They were very light on the stomach and very tasty -- particularly with the house-made ketchup, which is itself a rarity and ought to attract more diners trying to avoid additives and nasty fillers in their food. Then I had my duck, a roasted half-bird with crispy skin and juicy flesh that pulled easily off the bone. It was served with a mustard sauce and something that seemed like plum sauce for dipping and both were absolutely perfect with the luscious, moist meat. The side of salad was lightly dressed and much better than it had to be.My husband had the ribs, which were also excellent. The kitchen uses spice rub heavily on its ribs, which may run counter to some people's idea of barbecue, but we loved it. Also, the meat was tender, but still firm (none of that semi-gelatinous, sauce-drenched, boiled meat that is often sold under the name "barbecue"). Equally amazing was the side of mac and cheese, which surely deserves a more elevated title. The cheese was rich and creamy, and far better than ordinary.We had the cobbler for dessert, and found it crisp, filled with tart apples and brightened with lemon. With it, we had French-press coffee, perhaps the best coffee to be found in Tower Grove. I'd go back just for that. My verdict: this is a fantastic neighborhood restaurant. It's friendly, it's cozy, it welcomes a variety of people of all ages, and the food is just perfect.
<review# 128,isUSA=TRUE,2.0,2/12/2009,8/13/2009,80,266,5,5,5>You know what's disconcerting? Walking into a bar in the early afternoon and finding it full of people. I know I should expect it...that's what bars are for. But it still takes me aback. So when I walked into the Wedge to satisfy my calzone craving, I was startled by how many dudes were there, drinking beer and doing shots. Maybe that's what I should do on my day off.The Wedge is a bar/music venue first and pizza place second. I placed a calzone order to go because I really don't dig cigarette smoke. The bartenders, Brandy and Anna, were incredibly nice and know their customers. I was introduced to most of the fellas around the bar. I like that. I'm not a very social person, but I like that the ladies made an effort to draw me in. The only thing that freaked me out was a young guy coming in as I was leaving. He had an infant in a carrier. Look, young hipsters...DO NOT BRING YOUR INFANT INTO A SMOKE-FILLED BAR!Asshole.Anyway...I ordered the cheese calzone, which was really good. Caramelized onion, whole cloves of roasted garlic, and smoky fontina and mozzarella. Mmmm. The  tasty crust could have browned a bit more, but on the whole, this was some good stuff. I'll order the pizza next time...to go.
<review# 129,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/26/2009,8/12/2009,102,258,4,5,2>I never really expected to include a guy in spandex and good food as highlights of the same establishment, but that's pretty much how this review goes. The food is above average for a bar. If you're so torn between getting the homemade chips or the fries (because they're both amazing) that you consider getting both, this is a good thing. The burgers are solid, and my friend was really happy with her grilled chicken. It's not haute cuisine, but for a bar? More than decent.We went on a Saturday night and got to see one of the most excellent glam/hair cover bands ever. The frontman wore flame-printed spandex...can you get better than that?Yes, it gets crowded. The staff really is there to serve you, though -- if you're nice to them when you ask if there's a free table, they'll hunt one down for you. We might have just gotten lucky that one opened up for us 30 seconds after we got there, but the door guys were really great about it, and I don't think I would have minded a wait. Our server was perky and friendly, and even though it was crowded, we weren't waiting long for drinks or food.
<review# 130,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/21/2008,8/8/2009,52,23,3,3,3>I went here for the first time a little over a year ago and have been nagging all of my friends to come back with me sometime. I loved the place, the atmosphere was unlike anything else in St. Louis, the music was delightful, and the food was even better.The swing bars are definitely a great way to convince people to come with you. You'll find peoples reactions when you tell them the bar stools are in fact swings that hang from the ceiling changes their answer considerably. I was only brave enough to try the swing once or twice and I think my second time around was also my last time around seeing as I may have had to much to drink and by sheer coincidence balance became an issue.Overall I would give this place a 4.9, but since the rating system wont allow me to, I will round up to a 5 since I'm in a good mood. The food there is about as authentic as it can get without actually going to said places. I've had authentic Cajun from Louisiana and this was definitely the best "Louisiana style Cajun" Ive ever had without hoping a plane back to the south. The last time I was there was on my birthday and they reserved the entire back outdoor patio for a rather large group and we couldn't have asked for better service. I really enjoy this place and am going to try to continuously drag friends out there until they all love it as much as I do.
<review# 131,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/17/2013,9/22/2013,17,33,,7,2>Lunch review: Highly recommend the BLT & E sandwich; it was outstanding. It's your basic BLT, but the bacon is thick cut and the "E" is a fried egg on each half. There's also a pesto aioli on it that sets it apart. I paired this with the Vineyard side salad that had a goat cheese fritter on top. It was an awesome lunch. I don't know if it's a good or bad thing that I don't live any closer. I'd spend more time here for sure. One thing to note is they don't have a separate lunch menu, but have a lot of different choices all around. They do sell some really nice wine which I sampled and purchased a Pinot before I left. They have a little market and offer a wine club membership for discounted wine.
<review# 132,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/27/2013,9/21/2013,89,195,4,6,5>I actually happened upon Luvy Duvy's after being misled by my GPS when trying to find Iowa Buffet....can't say that I'm upset in the least. Actually ended up noticing a few restaurants on S. Jefferson that I've heard about here on Yelp...The Choice, Parma, and of course...Luvy Duvy's. It was about time for a late lunch, so I parked the demo and wandered in.First impressions: Cozy space, very focused menu, neighborhood diner feel, reasonably priced. My type of place!I immediately settled on the shrimp & corn chowder when offered, though I sampled the chili as well. The chowder was damn good...plenty of corn, shrimp, and potato, along with a fair amount of cream. The sampling of chili I has was good, though I thought it needed a touch more salt....it's one of those personal preferences....plenty of meat, beans, and tomatoes, though. If you've only been for breakfast, do like my virgin self did...come for lunch, and get the burger. Seriously, one of the best burgers I've had in a good while. Super fresh ingredients....lettuce, tomato, onion, beef. They added a little mayo, and had help yourself ketchup & mustard (not needed), and that perfectly cooked, surprisingly juicy, medium-well burger was gone in no time...along with the seed bun it came on. Looking forward to heading back here when I'm in the neighborhood, which is often enough, since I work in SoCo.....
<review# 133,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/21/2013,9/20/2013,36,74,6,11,6>Oh my gluten-free goodness! Piccione Pastry has gluten-free cannoli and they are FREAKING FANTASTIC!!! The hubby and I swung in here last night on our date night. I had heard there might be some sweet things a Celiac could eat here and boy were there. They can fill the gluten-free cannoli (they keep them separated behind the counter to avoid cross-contamination - ask for them) with most of their special flavors, just not their "signature" ones. I figured I'd start with the basic traditional vanilla bean. It was, umm ya... FREAKING FANTASTIC!! I can't wait to come back again and try the other flavors. They also had coconut macaroons and meringues. I grabbed a meringue to go but only made it down the block before diving in. Cooked to perfection - crispy on the outside, chewing on the inside and dusted with cane sugar. O.M.G.Gluten-free folks, this is the real deal. Go. Support this place and get your sugar fix!
<review# 134,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/28/2013,9/19/2013,108,53,3,6,3>Everest is one of my favorite spots for lunch downtown. Everest serves traditional Nepalese, Korean, and Indian cuisine. The service is fast and quick, and I usually always just end up getting the lunch buffet. At less than $8, it's totally worth it. My plate is usually full of their chicken dishes, sweet potato noodles, greens, and their flatbread. If you're looking for a great ethnic option in downtown St. Louis, don't pass up Everest. They have another location in the Grove on Manchester if that's more convenient for you.
<review# 135,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/13/2013,9/18/2013,76,328,6,9,6>I had the pleasure of dining at Pastaria with my husband, infant, and 4 friends (including Cara B. and Kelly R.) for my birthday in early February.  I was concerned about getting a table and still getting home at a decent hour for baby's bedtime, given that they don't take reservations and don't seat partial parties, but we got lucky.  Perhaps it was because our night out occurred on a Tuesday, but a phone call a couple days previous led me to believe they had a lengthy wait every night, so don't necessarily count on it being so quick on a weeknight!  A side note: that preceding phone call was probably the only low point of my experience at Pastaria.  The gentleman that answered the phone was a little short and snooty when I called about a reservation.  I get it - you don't take reservations.  You don't have to be a snob about it.  It's not like you've been open long enough for that to be common knowledge, or perhaps I'm just THAT out of the loop.  I digress!As I mentioned, we were lucky and were seated within 10 minutes of our entire party's arrival, tucked into the back corner which I was grateful for with a 7.5 month old (even if he is wonderfully well-behaved) in tow!  Eating out with a small child is never really something you pay much attention to until you're there, and now it's one of my main focuses.  We were going to return to Basso after a great experience at the Elite event, but once I received a "no" to the magic question ("Do you have high chairs?"), that was out.  I saw that Pastaria had a kids menu and thought it was worth a try, though I was still hesitant given that the restaurant is something of a current hot spot and on the nice side of casual.  Resting my fear, the staff was wonderful, and I never felt as though having my son there was a nuisance.  My one suggestion would be that if you're going to have high chairs and a kids menu, be prepared with a diaper changing spot as well.  I used a little side table that surely is not meant for such an activity and would have been impossible with a larger or squirmier toddler.On top of being a welcoming location, Pastaria has some great food.  At my table, we ordered the Risotto balls (heaven - I could eat them all night!), and i was able to sample from the Garganelle, Italian Ramen, Bucatini, Four Cheese pizza and "The Roman" pizza.  I ordered the Pappardelle.  Everything was really good, though I'd recommend ordering a side of red sauce for the Four Cheese pizza!  I was extremely happy with my entree choice and thought it was the best at the table.  I liken it to a fancy pulled pork pasta - tender meat and a creamy, dreamy sauce over beautiful fresh, tender pasta.  I would definitely order it again!I was plenty full after dinner, but hey, it was my birthday!  I ordered the Dark Chocolate Tart.  Such a good but oh so bad idea.  It was deliciously smooth and decadent, but I left STUFFED!  Perhaps sampling some of the best gelato on top of it threw me overboard....Pricing on the food I would say is fair - pretty standard pasta prices for great quality and service.  However, I found the champagne cocktail/mimosa prices to be a little high.Tip: Park in the garage next to Niche and get validated!  Parking made easy!I waffled between 4 and 5 stars, but eventually settled on 5 for the outstanding food.  The addition of a diaper changing station in the bathroom would seal the deal for me!
<review# 136,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/22/2013,9/17/2013,119,513,4,8,6>Even more convenient with the new parking garage attached to River City Casino and consistently great food and service!  I'm updating from 4 to 5 stars.I highly, highly recommend the beer cheese soup, which comes in a sizeable portion with its hot, fresh pretzel and the pulled pork sandwich with your choice of sides.  First time, I took home 1/2 my soup, my entire side salad, which was huge, and couldn't quite finish my pulled pork.  This last time, I still could only finish 1/2 the soup, I split the pulled pork, and still couldn't touch the fries that came as a side.  I'm told the bowl of soup with 1/2 sandwich special comes with the same size soup.  I think I could get that and split and still feel stuffed.What a great value for all you get and how incredibly tasty it is!  See the pictures of the beer cheese soup.
<review# 137,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/24/2013,9/16/2013,21,54,1,7,3>I do my best to do thorough research, looking all around town for the "Best of _____." This usually leads me away from neighborhood and with a drained gas tank. (don't get me wrong, it's usually always worth the gas guzzle!) in any case, sometimes you just get REALLY lucky.... and a new restaurant pops open RIGHT next door. Ray's Donuts is one of those cases/places. The grand opening was several months ago, so I'm kicking myself for not writing this sooner.Granted,  I live at most, a 3 minute walk away from Ray's. Dangerous, I know. But that's a part of its charm. A neighborhood donut shop, with a shiny case full of assorted donuts and a bunch of friendly people to greet you! Whenever I have out of town guests I pop over in the morning for some breakfast treats and they're always a hit!Go get yourself a sweet treat, you deserve it! ;)
<review# 138,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/25/2013,9/15/2013,117,126,5,8,7>This place is dreamy. Like the rest of The Cheshire, it's a little dark, smells like a fireplace, and I imagine tiny gnomes live there when everything's locked up for the night.Today was my first trip, and I'm adding it in my rotation of morning coffee stops. They had a nice variety of baked goods, as well as heartier breakfast and lunch items.A slice of coffee cake was $1.50 and my itty bitty gnome-sized macchiato was a couple bucks. It was well-made and came in a teeny tiny little cup that made me feel both fancy AND ridiculous.Put this place on your list as a good early-morning stop.
<review# 139,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/2/2013,9/14/2013,68,108,8,7,6>Wow....I am not sure what to write here but what an experience!  A few of us met up there last night to catch up and see ADD, a great band.First and foremost, the place is really smoky.  It is a bar so it is totally understandable.  I just mention it to you if you have issues with smoke.Other than that, this place is priceless.  Our waitress was attentive and nice even though she had a ton of tables to manage.  The beers were cold and the mixed drinks were stiff, which is a bonus.  Personally, I do enjoy when you can actually taste the booze in a mixed drink but that is my own preference.I cannot speak to the food but it looked like your standard bar food.The best part of the visit was the crowd.  Boy, what a treat.  There was a guy at the bar who had a mustache drawn on his face...I couldn't make this up if I tried...Not to mention, the Jim Beam honey liquor girls were there with a guy in a bear suit handing out free shots....  Unreal.
<review# 140,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/12/2013,9/13/2013,185,237,6,10,9>Valhalla!I don't usually get all worked up over a chain coming into town, but how many chains promise 80 different craft beers on tap?My first experience at a Fying Saucer was in Little Rock, Arkansas.  My friend had recently moved there, and he insisted that we go to this draught emporium.  I was smitten with this place right away.  When I started hearing murmurs of a location coming to Saint Louis, right down the street from Baseball Heaven, I just about flipped my wig!After a pint at iTap, we were still in the mood for some craft beer, so we wandered down to Flying Saucer.  And we picked a good night!  All day Monday most draft beer is three dollars.  They have a markings system on the beer menu to help understand what's eligilble for three dollars, what's not, and what's in bottles.Our bartender was awesome!  After continually poor service at iTap, it was nice to have someone patient enough to walk us through the specials and the menu.  I could tell that she was still trying to figure everything out, since they just opened last week.  However, she was attentive and super helpful.And the samples!  The bartender poured us several small samplings, almost to the point where we felt bad for the amount of tasters we had on the counter.  However, she explained that FS wants their patrons to enjoy their selections and that allowing for samples insures that there will be less "comped" pints in the process.  And it helped us choose our pints wisely.  Flying Saucer has embraced local talent.  Schlafly, Civil Life, Perennial, 4 Hands, Charleville, O'Fallon, and 2nd Shift all have taps, some multiple, at FS.  However, if you're looking for Bud and Bud Light, you might need to go elsewhere.  Fying Saucer is not your scene, man.I'm excited that the Fying Saucer has landed in the StL.  More revenue downtown.  Another great place to hang before and after Cardinal victories!
<review# 141,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/16/2012,3/5/2013,213,311,2,8,5>Honestly, I cannot find anything wrong with The Shack. Maybe I'm just blown away by the massive upgrade and fantastic transformation of the former "Laclede's" space, but I was nothing but impressed. We came on a Monday night which happens to be $1 burger night from 6-9pm. The burger was well worth more than the $1 I paid plus the $1-$2 extra for added burger toppings. Also note that Tuesdays are $1 Taco Tuesdays. The BBQ chipotle wings, nachos, and loaded "baker" fries were also awesome. The Monday night "industry night" specials were another standout with $1 off all pints and $4 three olives cocktails from 6-close. I was a very happy customer. Mondays are not the only happy days at The Shack, with happy hour from 4-6pm Monday-Friday with numerous 1/2 off drink and food specials. The look and feel is much better than what you would expect from a college bar, and I will definitely come back here to indulge in more good eats and drinks. The room in the back is an added bonus with long tables perfect for a large group or private party. Service was great despite the short wait for a table, which is impressive for a Monday night. To the staff and owners of The Shack...well done!!
<review# 142,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/7/2013,3/4/2013,30,54,1,7,6>I've driven by Pat's about a thousand times and never gone in, as it looked like a dive bar for regulars of which I was not one. My fiance suggested we got to "this bar next to Forest Park" for dinner the other night. As we pulled up, I admit to thinking, "Aaah crap. Pat's? For dinner?" We walked in, and sure enough, it looked like a dive bar full of regulars (complete with drunk ladies yelling), and definitely did not look like somewhere you'd go for food.People. Looks can be deceiving. First of all I had obviously not done my Yelp research, or I would have known Pat's is a go-to for fried chicken. My fiance filled me in on this critical info. Secondly, any lingering doubts were allayed by the first bite of my spicy fried chicken sandwich. This stuff is seriously good. I would go back in a heartbeat. Juicy, flavorful, salty, crunchy...in sum, perfect fried chicken. The food took a little time to cook, which I took as a good sign - it came out hot and was clearly made to order. Also, I would be remiss if I didn't point out that several guy friends have dubbed Pat's as having "the best Guinness pour in town." I'm not a big Guinness fan, but after trying some at Pat's, I think I could be. So if Pat's grungy Dogtown dive bar atmosphere is not typically your thing, don't be deterred.  Give 'er a shot - it's worth it.
<review# 143,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/3/2012,3/3/2013,71,61,6,7,6>I came out of Yelp review hibernation to write a review about this place because it's that incredible.  I have been dreaming of my Comet Coffee experience since yesterday at approximately 1:42 when it occurred. The staff was incredibly helpful, cheery and nice when we asked them questions about the different brew styles and coffee they were offering that day.  I would go back just to experience their friendliness all over again.  Add that to the fact that the coffee is, hands down, the best in the ENTIRE city, and I have found a gold mind of coffee deliciousness.  Because it was in the 70s yesterday (Dec. 2nd in STL!!), my boyfriend and I ordered one iced coffee and one hot coffee, so we could experience both.  We ordered based on their recommendations of what was best hot and cold. We were stunned by the taste. Just amazing and memorable. I will be back here without any doubt.  It even almost makes me glad I'm in school again so I can have a reason to go somewhere for a couple hours and drink coffee after coffee after coffee without having to come up with an excuse.  Go here. End of story.
<review# 144,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/28/2013,3/2/2013,122,63,2,6,4>I recently attended a blogger event at Ces & Judy's. At first I wasn't sure what to expect. Most catering companies that also have hosting venues usually use banquet halls or something similar. I was pleasantly surprised with the amount of charm and personality that their location has. The room we were in was practically like a castle. A round room with a beautiful fireplace! The place settings were adorable and I was ready to taste the food! When it came out it smelled so good! The salad was probably my favorite, their dressing was amazing. We also had chicken marsala, another win in my book! Everything was flavorful and delicious. I love that you can have your event catered at their location or in the comfort of your home. The staff was so friendly and inviting.  I would certainly think of Ces & Judy's when looking for a location or catering company. They go a step above the cold/bland reputation some catering companies can have. So glad they had us out!
<review# 145,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/15/2013,3/1/2013,89,44,4,9,7>Come on down for some...Russian food? The menu is chock-full of delightful Russian-inspired goodies, such as wraps made with traditional buckwheat pancakes, packed with meat and veggies. Any of the appetizers are a good choice, but to get the Russian experience check out the Zakuska plate with some vodka!I partied here on New Year's Eve and had a wonderful time. The place was crowded but not packed, and the music was great. I'll definitely be coming back for more of their 80s nights.The owner of the bar, Tatyana, is also really cool and super dedicated to her bar, her neighborhood, and her city. She has installed a ton of cool art in and around the bar, so be sure to check it out sometime.
<review# 146,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/5/2013,2/28/2013,180,273,3,14,7>I LOVE Complete Fitness Results. This is really the place to go if you want to get serious about fitness. They provide the whole package - nutrition, workout, and consultations to see where your fitness strengths and weaknesses are. After your first consultation, you are given a wristband that corresponds to a particular area you need to work on. At the start of each class, you work on your corrective exercises in that area. Classes are 45 minutes long which are great because you can fit them in a busy schedule and there are many different times offered. Nick is a great trainer and motivator. I already feel a lot stronger from just a few classes!
<review# 147,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/8/2013,2/27/2013,159,623,13,12,13>So as quite a few of you know, I frequent the Asian grocery stores... A LOT.So it's not much of a surprise that I run into some of the Asian restaurant owners in the area that are there for the mornings to pick up some supplies and gossip with the cashiers.I run into the Wong's Wok lady a lot.  I always smile and say hi.  She always looks at me funny and says hi back.Finally, when I'm ordering my usual lu rou fan (braised ground pork on rice with hard braised egg and steamed veges) she finally asks the question that's apparently been bugging her."You're Chinese right?"  (in Chinese)"Yeah.  You're Taiwanese?" (in Chinese)"How did you know?!"  (in English)"I'm Taiwanese too" (in English)"I thought you were Korean!" (in Chinese)I was specifically amused at how she asked me my ethnicity in Chinese.  She knew that I spoke Chinese because I typically ordered in Chinese but I wonder how many Chinese speaking Koreans she runs into.ANYWAY.Lu Rou Fan.  Cheap and super filling.  The hard braised egg, is, if you haven't guessed, is braised along with the pork so it's soaked up all that goodness.  If you've never had any sort of braised egg (tea, soy, curry), you're seriously missing out. Their beef noodle soup's gone up in the rankings for me as Mandarin House's has gone downhill for me.  The soup isn't as thick, nor the beef as tender as I would like, but this place is cheaper than most places.This place remains the soy milk place of choice for me.  You vegetarians seriously need to give this a try... and get the sesame tofu while you're at it.  It's big enough for two.  If you think that Silk shit is better.  Well.  NYAAAAAAAH.  Charred sugar is the best flavoring for soy milk!Oh apparently a lot of people aren't familiar with tofu "gan."  It's pressed tofu that's been cooked with soy and spices so that it gets dense and savory.  This place serves some dishes with it.  You'd definitely see this at them Chinese Buddhist temples.  The ja jiang noodles uses this but I... don't think the lady would let you have a vegetarian version of it if you wanted to go that route... she vehemently didn't let me when I asked one time (it won't taste good!!!) but I'm sure she's a lot nicer to people who aren't... Chinese speaking Koreans...ANYWAY TO THAT...Now that I've broken the ice with the lady, I might bring up congee a couple more times.  For serious.
<review# 148,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/17/2013,2/26/2013,142,167,1,8,9>After an evening of sampling so many things, it might be quicker to mention the items that I didn't try! I won't do that, of course, but we tried a lot.To start, we got the flight of soups. The three soups came in tiny little glasses and were accompanied by three tiny little spoons and three tiny little croissant bites. The soup selections included: Tomato Basil and feta soup with fennel, Butternut Squash and Asparagus Dill. I didn't quite catch the flavor of the feta in the Tomato soup, but for me, that's a good thing, as I'm not a huge fan. This was my favorite soup of the trio. The Butternut Squash was extremely sweet. It was the consistency of a pudding, and though it had a nice flavor, felt like dessert. There is no way that I could eat more than a few tiny spoonfuls of it. The Asparagus soup was very good. It was creamy and rich, but not so much so that you wanted to stop eating it.The Marcoot Farms Fresh Mozzarella was very good. I wouldn't say that it was the best I've ever had, but it was quite good. The balsamic reduction came in a little dropper, reminiscent of the ones used in science class. It had a pine nut "granola", which was a granola. It added a hint of sweetness to the dish, and was an interesting addition.The Flash-Fried Baby Artichoke Hearts were good. I enjoyed them, but they didn't feel as interesting or unique as other things on the menu.The Grilled Fresh Asparagus was delicious. A lemon thyme oil was used, and was fabulous, but I think a little less could have been used. The candied almonds were an awesome addition!Browning ordered the Roasted Grassfed Bone Marrow. He offered me a taste, but of course I had to decline. Not my cup of tea. I did try a bite of the pickled radishes that it came with, and those were okay. I think we were both a little surprised to see the marrow presented on a gigantic bone that was sawed in half. To eat it, you scooped the "meat" out of the bone with a spoon. I thought it was a little expensive for what little was there, but at the same time, it's a sparse item, so maybe it was fair... I don't know.The dessert was heavenly. We got the Chocolate "Smores" Tart. The main component of this dessert was this dense chocolate mousse with a drizzle of marshmallow that is brulee'd to perfection. The only thing I didn't love about this dessert was the addition of the caramel popcorn pieces. I just don't think it needed it!A few sips of the Port rounded off the evening quite well.Happy Dining!
<review# 149,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/30/2013,2/25/2013,72,204,1,5,5>I bought a Livingsocial deal for a furnace inspection/tune-up for $29 because my husband and I were just discussing having our furnace looked at. I checked the review, and since it was glowing, I thought I'd go for it. I bought the deal 2 days ago and was able to make an appointment for 7:30am this morning. Talk about a quick turnaround! Larry arrived right away at 7:30am, did his thing, and was finished by 8:10am or so. He explained that everything looked good, but old, which we knew. He didn't push us to replace anything right away, but did suggest we consider a replacement soon-ish since our unit is 21 years old already. Yikes! I appreciated his honesty and will do some research into when we should replace our unit. When we do, I'm sure I'll be calling C&G.
<review# 150,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/12/2012,2/24/2013,72,255,2,7,4>I love Chase Park Plaza Cinemas!Every time I walk in, I feel like some rich little brat who practically gets the theater to herself ... that's a good thing though.This movie theater is fantastic.  I mean, they have student discounts, which are fantastic, and they're never all that crowded.  Besides, where else can you buy beer, AND Ted Drewes to enjoy while your watching your movie?The staff members here are great, and it's such a nice, intimate environment.There are two minor downsides: 1) The armrests don't move, so it can be quite difficult to snuggle up to the love of your life, and 2) They don't always have all of the newest movies.  They typically have the smaller, indie films, which is great.Overall, I would recommend it.
<review# 151,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/14/2013,4/24/2013,19,210,3,5,5>As a vegetarian, I knew I would be limited to Smoki O's side dishes.  But I was delighted to find out that the barbequed spaghetti is vegetarian.  I paired it with some tasty green beans and cornbread.The woman who takes the orders is delightful, and the food comes out quickly.  My meat-eating companions enjoyed their pulled chicken.Note: They do not have tables and chairs.  Instead, you sit on stools at a counter.
<review# 152,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/15/2013,4/23/2013,122,266,1,9,6>I absolutely love this place!  Especially over the huge chain of Wherenberg theaters.My favorites are the fact that they have a Bistro, the ticket prices are $10.00 for a matinee and $12.00 for prime time.  The seats in here are electric recliners with a small tray for your drinks/food, be careful not fall asleep! The only downside is you can't snuggle with your date, as there is an armrest between the two of you.   It is worth it, the menu consists of items not much more than $8-10.  There Mac N cheese balls are sooooo good, they have smoked gouda in them! Yum!! Try them...now!!! hahaThe seating is very comfortable in all theaters.  It is kindof strange as you walk in and it looks like your going to walk into a closet!  The sound is great.  For matinee pricing in the theaters its cheaper and the prime time i think is $8.50.  So much cheaper than wherenberg.This place also has Laser Tag, its claimed to be the worlds largest indoor laser tag arena, i haven't tried this yet.They also have a games area with some of the huge adult games such as connect four and that blue button game where you have to hit as many as you can...The concessions are super cheap!  So worth it!Keep your ticket stub for the next time you come for $1.00 off food or concessions.I will come here time and time again just because of the awesome prices and the amazing establishment that it is.
<review# 153,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/28/2012,4/22/2013,60,293,6,5,5>We dropped in here a couple weeks after they opened and the place was packed.  What more do you expect when Gerard Craft opens a new restaurant.  I was excited to try this place out and I was not let down.  We were able to find a spot at the bar which saved us a good 40 minute wait.  We started off with a cocktail, which were ok.  Our bartender talked more about his other job as a gardener...which I would suggest he not abandon.  We started off with a couple appetizers that a month later I cant seem to remember what they were.  They were good, but not OMG memorable.  My main course was memorable though.  I had the Pappardelle with smoked pork shank and it was melt in your mouth amazing.  As my wife has mentioned the service was  lacking and she procured our deserts, some creamy gelato.  The salted carmel was amazing and it has my mouth watering just thinking about it.  Clayton is going to be my new favorite area to go for dinner, with Pastaria and another of Gerard Craft's places opening up just down the street.
<review# 154,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/19/2013,4/21/2013,26,139,4,10,6>For those in South City, the closing of Murdoch Perk was a considerable loss.  When news broke that Russell's Cafe in Fenton was possibly going to move into the old space, excitement built quickly.  That excitement came to a head today at 7 am when the doors opened at Russell's on Macklind.  I went for a walk this morning to check them out and see if I would have a new place to motivate me to start running again this spring.  After just seconds drooling over the delicious baked goods on display, I realized that I would need to begin training for my first half marathon this year in order to try everything that they have to offer without turning into the Stay Puft Marshmallow man.  The interior is simple, charming and beautiful.  The decor is like the "best dining room on Main Street."  Beautiful tables, plenty of light, a quaint fireplace and a long beautiful wooden countertop that houses the coffee, baked goods, and multiple cash register stations.  The back wall is highlighted with a huge blackboard menu.  There are just enough options to have diversity without being overwhelming or confusing.  Again, simple and beautiful.  The length of the room on the street side is filled with clean wine glasses and goblets just waiting to be filled after the liquor license hearing later this month.  The staff was very friendly and excited to have us in.  There were two hiccups with my order.  First, it slipped through the cracks and I waited about 10 minutes until they realized the problem.  They rushed to get me my food and gave me a complimentary coffee while I waited.  Then the owner brought my food out and it was the wrong sandwich.  He apologized again.  They did handle the situation with humility and I woke up with an extra dose of patience today so it was ok.  But they surprised and delighted me by bringing me one of each of the four flavors of "big" cookies they had in the display case.  Its amazing how a cookie will make a wrong right.  And frankly, that level of service is what brought them to four stars today.  Now, on to the good stuff...I ordered the breakfast grilled cheese.  It was on a delicious french bread, not quite sourdough but maybe somewhere close to it.  It also had mozzarella, tomato and scrambled eggs.  What stood out about this sandwhich was that it reminded me that there is a difference between good bread and bad bread.  Most bread is bad bread. Boring, lifeless, dry.  This bread was awesome!  I would order just the bread and be a happy camper.  I also ordered a lemon zest muffin that I can't wait to try later today.  They serve Kaldi's coffee which as always, is good.  While I was waiting I couldn't help but just stare and drool over the rest of the baked goods.  Things I will definitely going back to try include the peanut butter gooey butter cake (which considering the pan was half empty already, must be good), giant bear claws, fudge brownies and cranberry orange walnut muffins.  Everything in the case was delicious.  You know, when you can just look at something and see how delicious it is.  When you have no doubt in your mind whether it will be too dry or too sweet because you just KNOW that its delicious without even trying it.  I have no concerns about the quality of the food that will be coming out of the bakery and I am so glad to have one within walking distance again.  My only concern is that enough people will stop in to see what is happening at Russell's on Macklind, but not so many people that it takes away from the bakery's simplicity.  This is one of those places that I am confident will reach a 5 star rating in my book once I've gone enough times to see the consistency to have earned it.  Now go, because the bread is coming out of the oven right now!
<review# 155,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/24/2013,4/20/2013,396,634,9,9,8>Karaoke* here is cheaper than Koreana's! That's pretty much the reason why I came here last night...and that being said, this review is for the Karaoke portion of Joo Joo's only. I did not partake of their food, although it smelled effing amazing when we stepped inside. I don't really like Korean food in general but I'd probably go back and try one of the non-spicy dishes, like bulgogi or something. I need some Koreans to school me on their food...as in what stuff is uber spicy and what isn't! (Maybe there are Korean dishes my stomach would get along with!)But yeah, when you get inside, you tell the guy or lady at the front desk you want to do Karaoke (because yes, you do...you want to.....the Karaoke commands youuuu!) and they take you back out through the door you came in through to a little hallway thing with various doors. It's kind of weird at first, like you're going to have a private dance at a strip club or something. Once you get your "room" the adorable and friendly girl will set you up with your Karaoke gear. Two mics, the books, and the programmer thingy. It's basically the same exact books/setup as Koreana's if you've ever been there. You can also order food, but it sucks that they don't have a button you can push to bring someone to your room so you don't give up any precious Karaoke minutes looking for a server. In terms of songs, I wish they had more variety and an easier selection method. The Karaoke places I went to in Sapporo totally kick this place out of the water but Japanese people also tend to obsess over the latest technology especially karaoke so not surprising there....also I think that the Asian-style private-room karaoke is less popular in the US or maybe just no one knows what the heck it is. A lot of my friends were like "wtf" when I explained the set-up of Asian-style karaoke to them. So yeah. Odd. They do, btw, have a book of "new" songs except that they're about 3 years old....lol. At the other place I went to, they said they update the new songs every month or so, but I am not sure what is standard protocol at Joo Joo's...it would be nice to have more newer songs but also I wish they had more oldies....mmm, Hall & Oates.....Like I said, cheaper by about $5 than Koreana so I will likely be back. You get charged by the hour. Last night I split it with my girlfriend and we paid $35 total. I forgot how long we were there though.-footnotes-*Karaoke = Japanese-style as in not in front of a bunch of drunk strangers at a bar but rather in your own, private, comfy little closet of a room with microphones and a song chooser thingy. So if you get embarrassed like I do when it comes to singing in front of large (albeit drunken) crowds, you can come here to sing in peace. Although it can get noisy...and people may or may not hear you belting out your favorite hits of the '80s from the room next door...they need better acoustic padding/thicker walls!
<review# 156,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/5/2013,4/19/2013,527,814,14,13,13>Last Friday I attended an absolutely fabulous private party here at EdgeWild and was so impressed that I had to come back as quickly as possible. The day immediately following the party, two of my friends called to reminded me that we had not gotten together for our holiday celebration yet. Not Groundhog, but Christmas. Our work schedules were so crazy during the actual holiday season, that we just couldn't pull it off. So when we picked Tuesday for our luncheon, I immediately said, "EdgeWild". My friends were instantly impressed with the ambiance and the extensive menu selections. Both are big fans of wings, so that was an easy choice as one of our appetizers. I had sung the praises how yummy they were at the party. They allowed me choose the second, since I was in the know. I selected the Pistachio Crusted Herbed Goat Cheese. EdgeWild takes my favorite cheese, wraps it in my favorite nut, then top it with quince syrup and serve it with crostini. My friends may be fans of wings and loved the dry rub here, but they went totally wild over the goat cheese delight. The girls for their main lunch entree shared a Whole Cluster Flat, they choose Margherita. A flat topped with oven dried tomatoes, fresh mozzarella, basil and pesto oil. I was amazed at the amount of cheese and tomatoes that covered the flat. Both are petite and had no problem eating the entire flat.I went with one of their Structured Sandwiches, the BLT & E. I now have a new favorite BLT, the &E gave them the edge. Adding two fried eggs on top of a classic sandwich is genius. They start out with thick cut sugar cane bacon, vine-rippened tomatoes, lettuce and then they top it off with not only one egg, but two. It is contracted between two slices of five grain bread with a smear of pesto aioli. OMG - I am in love.My side was the Truffle Fries, which were crispy and as Aimee K. says, the kalamata olive aioli is the best thing I have ever dipped my fry in. Gotta love purple.  Offering excellent food and good service, my only wish would be that EdgeWild was closer to my hood. However, I may have found a reason for me to go further west. I normally get nose bleeds  beyond 270 and have to be vaccinated to cross 141.
<review# 157,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/31/2013,4/18/2013,148,364,3,5,4>This year for my birthday celebration I decided to have a girls night at Bailey's Chocolate Bar! I think it was a great idea and I do agree that this place is definitely a girls night kind of place. It would also be great for a date spot, but most guys I know moan and groan when I mention visiting BCB. Maybe one day I will meet a nice guy who wants to take me on a date here?For starters, my friend called ahead to inform BCB that a group of us would arriving around 7pm. They do not actually take reservations; however, they do like it when larger parties call ahead.  We did visit on a Thursday night and so I wasn't sure what to expect, but when we arrived the table was ready and we were immediately seated! I was very happy about this because I wanted to get my drink on! As my friends began arriving our server came over to take our drink orders. That night they had a special for either a Tiramisu Martini or a Rumchata Martini. Both sounded delicious and before the end of the night I had tried both. I also ordered the white chocolate raspberry martini which was delightful. My favorite? Rumchata. hands down. I wonder if they still make it? If so, you should order one next time you go for a visit. Once all of my friends had arrived we knew it was time to order. I am a fan of grilled cheese and the menu featured one with roasted tomato, basil pesto, mahon, asiago, gruyere and cheddar! It sounded fabulous. I had to try it! The girls ordered other items from the menu including the Park Avenue Pizza (tomato jam, spinach, red onion and goat cheese), the Missouri Pizza (local mushrooms, roasted garlic, mahon, asiago and gruyere) and salads. Everything on the table looked and smelled fabulous! I even got to try a bite of the pizzas and they were both great-my favorite? The Park Avenue. Why? Because I love Goat Cheese. During our visit I did notice that our server would be missing for long periods of time, but there was another guy walking around who was able to help get us water and other items upon  request. I think we even sent him to find out server at one point because we wanted to order dessert. For dessert I ordered the Baileys Chocolate Bar which was a chocolate stout cake, with raspberry butter cream topped with a passion fruit sauce and served with vanilla ice cream. It looked and tasted heavenly and there was enough for me to share. I passed it around the table for everyone to try. It was delicious. Overall, my birthday dinner was fantastic! I am so thankful I was able to celebrate with such great friends and great food (and drinks)! I can see another girls night in my future so that I can try other menu items including the dark chocolate martini! Thank you Bailey's Chocolate Bar for existing! You do know the way to my heart!
<review# 158,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/8/2013,4/17/2013,139,268,5,6,5>Way delicious. I have to admit that I avoided this place like the plague for quite some years. The first time I came in, the line was out the door and it was freezing everywhere in the restaurant so we didn't stay long. The second time I came, the bartender hit on my boyfriend and the third time I went, my service was complete shite.This was the fourth time. The best time. The only time. Nothing else matters, dear Scottish Arms.We came in time for happy hour and they had an amazing selection of draft beers. I mean, those choice brews that 75% of your friends have never heard of because their heads be up AB's arses. And they were way affordable... I always appreciate the excuse to overindulge in alcohol. "It's not my fault, officer, they gave me half off beers with 10% abv." *I don't condone drinking and driving, that's what spouses are for*We ordered the chips and beer cheese dip hoping for something comparable to *remaining anonymous competitor who previously employed me*. It was not quite the same, chips were smaller, crunchier and the sauce was significantly thinner. However, I still enjoyed myself thoroughly and considering that they were almost half off as part of happy hour, I was not complaining one bit.We ordered the mice and tatties and fish and chips. Hands down the best display of fish and chips that I have ever seen in my life. I swear to God, that piece of fish was the size of my daughter when she was born. Chips were tasty too. At the server's recommendation, I ordered the mince & tatties. It was basically the most delicious thing I have ever tasted. Similar to a shepherd's pie, only better.I absolutely can not wait to return to the Scottish Arms.
<review# 159,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/1/2013,4/16/2013,152,162,,4,6>Many years ago, I got a tiny kitten. She never saw any other vet other than Mike Finkel. He helped me keep her happy and healthy until she developed kidney disease when she was about 12. He helped me navigate some very challenging final months, encouraging me to get treatment and giving me the options, and then letting me know when it might be time to let her go. When I took her home that last weekend with plans to take her back the following Monday to put her down, he told me to call him at home if I had any problems over the weekend. Then his gentle manner helped me live through letting her go, giving me as much time as I needed in a private room before and after the procedure. A couple of months ago, I adopted a dog. Mike's attentive service was just as thorough as it was with the cat. My rescue dog was supposedly up to date on vaccines according to 2 vets, but Mike felt that my dog was at risk for Lepto given that I live in a condo and all of our bathroom breaks are in public spaces. While Village Animal Clinic isn't the closest place I could take my dog, it is well worth the drive. And if you have a dog or cat that gets nervous around other animals, you'll love that this is a one vet office with just 2 exam rooms...I think I've only seen other people in the waiting room one or two times over the years.
<review# 160,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/3/2013,4/15/2013,98,1037,3,8,6>Harvest promotes local farmer's products with top end food preparation.  Our meal was tremendously good.  The decor is ok... somewhat vinyard-like.  The service was good.  But the food is the focus.  I hadn't had Foie Gras in some time so I chose it as my starter.  It was served on a small waffle with jam.  The foie gras was melt in your mouth good.  The sweetness of the waffle was a bit overpowering I chose to eat the two seperate to make sure I enjoyed the rich flavor & delicate texture of the duck.  For my entree I chose the Pork based on my server's recommendation.  It too was good.  Some of the best I've ever had.  Really, everything we had here was awesome.You'll spend some $ here.  Most plates are around $27.  Starters and drinks obviously will bump up the price.  And you'll want to get something else other than the large plate.  I'd budget about $50 per person.
<review# 161,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/15/2010,8/5/2010,165,166,7,10,7>After hearing all the hubbub around the amazing Grant's Trail, I had to check it out for myself. We usually hit Creve Coure Park on the weekends, but wanted to avoid the rugby event, so we decided to make a little pilgrimage to the South City trail. The area is ultra-nostalgic for me because I grew up in the apartments right up the road on Holmes (Yeah the ones that crazy pervert, Michael Devlin, lived!). The QT, Oak Bend Library, the bridge over the highway--All locales of my childhood. The Trail has really brought the working class area up. We parked in the larger parking lot with the bathrooms just North of the highway and went from there. During our warm up, we passed a really nice play ground. Lots of drinking fountains. It was a gorgeous sunny morning and there were a lot of the people on the trail. Not too many people. Just enough to make me happy - girl friends power-walking, mommy groups with tricked out strollers, bikers of all experience levels, dog-owners, hoosiers, hippies, and older people. This trail is literally for everyone. People were courteous for the most part. I did almost get plowed over by some asshole cyclist. He's lucky, if wasn't running I would have jammed a stick in his spokes. That's just how I roll. We only covered about two miles of the trail (4ish there and back) because my slow ass is still getting in shape. Since I have the goal of running the Go! St. Louis  1/2 marathon next year, I imagine I'll do a lot of running on this trial in the future. Add me to the list of fans!
<review# 162,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/1/2010,8/4/2010,22,86,,7,5>What can I say that hasn't already been said? We had 3 completely separate tasting menus in addition to another 2 courses.  So 15 or 16 dishes in all, I lost count at some point.  If that didn't give me a good feel for what Josh is trying to say through his food nothing will.All of the dishes were good, obviously some struck deeper chords than others, and there were a couple that will remain with me forever.  Truly.  It was some of the "simpler" dishes that just blew me away. The Vichyssoise with a touch of caramelized onion and ramps blended in and served warm was a revelation.  Not because I haven't had somewhat similar things before, but it was simply executed perfectly.  Let me say that again, PERFECTLY.  Another, a hay roasted loin of a Berkshire pig is more difficult to describe.  This dish was all about subtlety.  Just great quality meat, hay roasted, then sliced thin so that there was plenty of surface area to carry the hint of grassiness brought to it by the roasting process.  It's odd in that it's not a dish I would probably order again, but one of my favorites of the night.  Mainly because it was like being taught a lesson by a skilled teacher.  It's a fantastic dish because you truly get to taste what good pork should taste like, not seasonings, not herbs, not sauces, not salt, but PORK.  It's also the only time I've had a hay roasted dish in which I could actually taste it distinctly in the meat.  It was like having someone stand over your shoulder and say "now taste this, do you get the hint of x? can you discern that slight taste of y?" and demonstrate to you what something can be at its core.  Sure, I'll go back to my bolder flavors if given a choice, but now I'll always recognize what is at the foundation of those flavors.  I'm rambling, but you get the idea, I was impressed and I was given an education.There were many others, the Lamb Ragu, the Carbonara, etc. that were excellent.  The execution was flawless again, and I'd pay what I considered a very low tasting menu price for those dishes any night of the week.  But it was just great food, done really, really, well.  Anyone can have that if you're willing to pay enough money and shop around.  But trust me there are some gems coming out of this kitchen that no amount of money will find you elsewhere, so do yourself a favor and put on your miners hat, grab your pick, and go hunting for them.{My only nitpick of the night, is that it was like pulling teeth to get my wine ordered, otherwise the waitress (who we loved btw) and the rest of the service were great.}
<review# 163,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/4/2010,8/3/2010,153,307,2,2,3>So I ended up at Scape for Easter Brunch since my friends said their breakfast was really good. We arrived at 1:00pm and were seated inside. Although, I think we should have set outside since it was such a beautiful day. The hostess told us we could either order off the a la carte menu or do the buffet which was 26.95. We both opted to order off of the a la carte menu because it was cheaper. I ordered the belgian waffle with a side of bacon and pineapple juice. My dining companion ordered "THE CWE" which included potatoes, eggs, toast, and sausage. My belgian waffle was beautiful. It was topped with cream and fresh blueberries, raspberries, and strawberries. (exhibit C in photo section).  It tasted wonderful! The bacon was ok nothing special. I would definitely go again. I parked in the parking structure instead of using valet parking. Definitely a nice breakfast spot!
<review# 164,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,3/29/2010,8/2/2010,37,93,4,5,4>I have not eaten the food at Nick's, so I can only comment on it's role as a place to have a drink (and I've had a few at Nick's!).  Nick's is another great St. Louis landmark bar that has been around forever and everyone should experience.  For the younger crowd, on Thursday nights they have college night and have great drink specials for a small cover.  I know that the crowd is typically younger there on most nights, and it's been a few years since I've been there.However, I do know the upstairs is a great place to throw some darts if it isn't crowded, and they usually have a live band playing on the weekends.  They also make one of the best Irish Car Bombs in town, if you are into that sort of thing.  I always leave Nick's feeling smokey, which isn't a real good thing.  Check out Nick's if you are looking for a laid back crowd and are one of those hip early 20-somethings.
<review# 165,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/11/2010,8/1/2010,59,303,3,6,6>I don't think there's anything to say that hasn't already been covered by the other reviews outside of my own recent (and first) experience at Crown Candy Kitchen.This place is for the carnivores! If there's a heaven, my first meal there would be one of CCK's BLTs, which satisfied my addiction to bacon for a good 12 hours (that's a really good thing) and went well along my chocolate malt. If you're not a mass eater, and dining with a friend at CCK, I suggest ordering a single malt, since it's a lot of chocolately malty goodness.After our meal, we had a banana split, which I ordered with their homemade vanilla and black walnut ice cream... We inhaled it, even though we were full. These folks know what they're doing.Next time I need to buy a mass of STL-related gifts, I'm stopping here for their extensive selection of their chocolate confections.... Like the solid chocolate Santa on display. If I had $50, I'd definitely buy it and save it for emergencies.Overall, this particular review doesn't do the place justice. You just have to go and check it out. Big groups might have a problem finding seating, since the booths are small and cozy. But this is one of those gems that's delicious, affordable, and has a great St. Louis story.Bring a camera!
<review# 166,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/21/2010,7/31/2010,140,254,11,16,12>Confession: I hate medical stuff. Hate. HATE. It freaks me out and often makes me throw up. Thus, for me to give Downtown Urgent Care five stars is a Big Deal with capital letters.Recently, my cat went into crazy-kitty mode and decided it was a good idea to slice the wall of my left nostril open. It was bleeding and I could bend the pieces of that wall back and forth, but I didn't know what to do. 1) My instinct to avoid doctors and medical stuff kicked in, 2) even if I succumbed, what kind of doctor would I see, and 3) would I need stitches or worse?I went into panic mode until a friend reminded me that Downtown Urgent Care was just two blocks away from my loft. I put on my big-girl panties, filled out DUC's online appointment/intake form and walked over. Naturally, I started crying as I explained to the nurse/receptionist what my cat did and that I was terrified to be around stethoscopes and *gulp* needles, but she didn't laugh or brush me off. She smiled, calmed me down, did my insurance thing (My insurance took care of the visit. Your mileage may vary), and told me that scary things likely wouldn't happen because my nose didn't look so awful. Awesome person number one.I waited for about seven minutes before another nurse invited me to an exam room to take my vitals. She was a bit more businessy and had more dry humor than the first nurse, but no less compassionate. I felt calmer than I anticipated, even as she took my blood pressure. Awesome person number two.After a few minutes alone (during which time, I oddly took pictures of my nose and shared them with Twitter -- hey, it was helping to keep me sane!), the doc came in. I sighed in relief -- perhaps a bit unfairly -- because he reminded me so much of my old pediatrician from childhood, who knew just how to deal with me. The doctor examined my wound, explaining exactly what he was doing so that I knew he wasn't going to pull out needles or a chainsaw unexpectedly. He explained some things about wounds from animals and reassured me that I wouldn't need stitches. He prescribed a salve that would help the pieces of the nosewall grow back together as well as an antibiotic. When I explained that I can't swallow pills, he chuckled a bit but didn't make fun of me; he knew just which liquid antibiotic to give me. Awesome person number three.Now, I did have to get a TB shot, since I hadn't had one in decades. And yes, I did cry during this. But no one made me feel stupid, which is a refreshing change from other doctor's offices. I felt completely understood and cared for, and everyone at Downtown Urgent Care was so compassionate and helpful. You never want an accident to happen, but if it does, the folks at DUC absolutely will help you out.
<review# 167,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/19/2010,7/30/2010,24,184,4,7,4>When I first moved to Soulard in 2004 and walked into Joanie's it instantly became my local.  It is truly the Soulard bar where "everybody knows your name" but it welcomes you equally, whether you're a Soulardian, from the county or hail from lands afar.  Since I have spent as few as 3-5 nights or as many as 4-7 nights a week at Joanie's since mid-2004, I guess I should finally get around to writing a review, but I'll try to add a couple of little-known Joanie's secrets.  Here goes...Joanie's has AWESOME calzones!!!  You can order traditional with ricotta and mozerella both or you can hold the ricotta if you'd like and you'll love it.Chicken Tortilla Soup--Ryan, the soup maestro makes some kickin' soups, CTS being my favorite...but he also makes a mean White Bean Chicken Chili (Sundays), Sausage and Pepper (Mama's secret), and some really good Bisques...Call ahead and find out what's the soup du jour.Salads--Joanie's salads are friggin' fantastic...and huge!  You could be filled on your salad alone.  I really should eat more salad.Hot Roast Beef--everyone brags on O'Connell's rare roast beef, but I'm serious--this is the best hot roast beef with au jus that I have had in a while and it is always perfect.  You'll maw it down and wonder where it all went.  Chase it with Joanie's homemade chips.  Delish!SUPER BIG SURPRISE--Joanie's has a pizza called a "Double Stuff Crust" which is basically a pizza cooked like an Apple Pie.  That is, delicious thick crust on the bottom and sides, stuffed with whatever combination of ingredients you desire (I love the pepperoni, italian sausage and green olives best) and topped with another thick crust topper.  It comes out looking like a massive pie and it is absolutely fantastic!!!  You can get is as small as a personal (9") or up to a large, but be warned...the extra tasty dough will fill your gut.  It is best when it comes out hot, because as it cools and the cheese spreads it tends to lose it's 1-2" thickness...but it still tastes delicious, so box up the leftovers and take it home!Granted, all restaurants that have the kinds of crowds that Joanie's sometimes draw will occasionally flub something up.  Guess what?  Don't be afraid to send it back to the kitchen.  They will make it right for you with no muss or fuss.Next not-so-secret------The bartenders, day or night, are all fantastic--you'll get your drinks cold and fast and if the crowd is reasonable you'll practically have a fresh drink on your coaster before you've finished your last cold swig--but these bartenders they don't take crap off of nobody.  If you want to see a great show, come in for a Cubs-Cardinals or Blackhawks-Blues weekend and watch the fireworks.  Never a dull moment.  We either play nice or we get to see Dennis the manager exhibit some of his rugby skills.Shuttle--Drops off and picks up from ALL home St Louis sporting events and occasionally big-name concerts.  Howard the shuttle driver will soon be your best friend.  He'll keep running until you're safely returned or you can always hop on Johnny's Shuttle since he and Joanie are shuttle collaborators.  Great service!  P.S.  Tip the driver--he works hard (and I take his money later when I beat him in bowling).Karaoke--in it's current incarnation it is offered Thursday evening from 9 until around close.  The guys running it now (Shawn and Shawn) were recruited from across the street (Bastille) so you'll hear a lot of Christina Aguilera (sp??) or Lady GaGa between songs and it tends to get a little "colorful" lately (I could elaborate, but suffice it to say the men's figure skating that was on the big screen last night didn't get any complaints).  Depending on your comfort level, you'll either be vastly entertained or run screaming.  Guess you'll have to see to believe.Live Music--experimenting with Wednesday evenings.  Call ahead.  There have been some outstanding bands or combos over the past 8-10 weeks--my favorite being Michael Schearer.Smoke is thick downstairs--until the ban takes effect next Jan 1, 2011 you're better off going straight for the upstairs or the patio if the weather permits.Joanie Thomas and her Manager Gretchen are real sweethearts and they work hard to make your dining/drinking experience a memorable one.  Come give it a try!
<review# 168,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/27/2010,7/29/2010,6,39,2,6,6>To put it plainly " THIS WAS AMAZING!!!" and as a newcomer to STL this was a great experience that newcomers and natives alike should go to see regardless of age. I'll admit it that I am somewhat jaded when it comes to stuff like this (maybe it's my age or that I come from a dirt hole like Philly, but I'm not easily impressed or amused.) so when the old lady (a native) suggested that we go I was like "Sounds cool" thinking what kinda smalltime "KID STUFF" is she setting me up for. But Boy was I wrong! The circus is done in the old European tradition with a main story, one ring and a narrator. This year's was based on Don Quioxte.  The talent and I do mean "INCREDIBLE talent" both human and animal, come from all over the circus world and globe, all performing feats that were astounding, all done with a mix of precision and humor. It is obvious that all the performers love what they do. All the while accompanied by a live orchestra.There is not a bad seat in the house with tickets ranging from $15-$40. We paid $20 each for our seats and they were practically ringside. The thing that blew me away the most was that  at the end of the show as the audience exited the main tent "ALL" the performers were outside thanking you for coming. Unbelievable!Unfortunately, today is the last show for this season, but there is always next year as Circus Flora has been going strong for over 20+ years and counting. Please do yourself and your family a favor and take in this "GREAT STL tradition".If I could give this 6 stars I would!ACE
<review# 169,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/9/2010,7/28/2010,100,105,15,9,11>Ha!  First to review Spanky's!  LOVE IT!!!  Naughty Spanky's :-)  So this is an adults only store for anyone who doesn't know.  Meaning--stop reading now if this offends your sensibilities.I tend to prefer female oriented sex shops in other city's like Tulip, Toys in Babeland, etc. but they just don't seem to exist in St. Louis.  That being said, Spanky's is one of the few places in the area that I don't feel grossed out to be in.This location is small but I don't mind that.  They of course have the cheesy crap and gag gifts that all these places have but they also have a great selection of high end products.  I also like that they often have women working behind the counter.  They have always been friendly and helpful.  I've asked them some pretty interesting questions before and they've even gone out of their way to look something up on the internet at another store for me.Take a friend.  Go in and have a giggle or two and get ready to fork over some cash, you naughty thing you.
<review# 170,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/27/2010,7/27/2010,41,37,8,10,9>Here's a bar that, quite matter-of-factly, looks like it has structural issues. Like the flat the guys in "The Young Ones" lived in, but if it was a watering hole.  There are whole weeks and moths where I'm not sure if it's even a going concern anymore...operating hours seem fast & loose, especially in winter and on weeknights.  But the neons in the windows are always on, so someone's paying the electricity bill.  Once inside, wonderful, sometimes incomprehensible, always incongruous graffiti coats the walls.  Some of it baffles, some is astute as hell.  Local art and fabulous vintage beer signs hang everywhere. The interior absorbs all light, black hole style.  But it's all part of the allure, and it's a welcoming dark/dank, not depressing like other low-rent bars that try their best to shut out the natural world.CBGB totally delivers on the diversions front; there are bar games galore.  They've unceremoniously crammed a sit down Pac-Man (!) next to the front door. There's a non-digital, lo-fi dartboard, a '60s vintage shuffleboard table (mad fun), and dual pinball tables.  No jukebox, but the house selection of tunes veers from loud & raucous punk to British pop, and sometimes they have OK to rather good local bands on.This is all without mentioning...cheap drinks!  PBR bottles and strong Jamesons but also a full bar and tasty beer-head brews like Sierra Nevada and New Belgium if you desire a bevvy from a higher station in life.  Nothing on draught but it's all good.  And...the GIN BUCKET! It's kind of what it sounds like...imagine a huge gin & tonic, but served in one of those tin pails that you get a bucket of longnecks in.  And as unflinchingly inexpensive as everything else they serve up.  Get two straws and share with your (soon to be very inebriated) sweetheart!  It's the dive afficionado's version of the 1950s milkshake date.Sure, it can get smoky as hell and claustrophobic in the extreme on certain nights, and the men's bathroom door doesn't close all the way (and is right next to the end of the bar).  But sometimes those are things you actively seek out and enjoy in a drinking establishment.  The bartenders are friendly as hell, they serve and pour a stiff drink (you'll tip well, I guarantee it, not the least 'cause you're buying rounds for a pittance), and the front "concrete garden" of picnic tables is an urban haven on a warm, heady STL summer's night.  Sit out there, shoot the shit, and watch/commune with the crowds wandering up and down South Grand all night long.  I dare you to find a less pretentious, more equalizing bar on the southside.
<review# 171,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/17/2013,12/31/2013,148,364,3,10,6>Such a beautiful "garden" in the middle of the city! The whole area is just wonderful to walk around and take in the scenery. They have a number of sculptures in the park and the best part is that they have a water fountain that you can run through on a hot day! It is so fun to watch the children run around and just have fun. If you are in the downtown area this is a great place to take your family so that you can explore of of STL's hidden gems.
<review# 172,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/12/2013,12/30/2013,98,221,3,7,4>Why would you come here with friends and NOT get The Big Ben?!  Great for a family of 3-4...or I guess two reallly hungry people.You must get RIBS here. No debates about this one.  It is by far the most addictive thing on their menu.  I've been here 6 or 7 times, and I tend to bring out of town visitors here.  The line is always long, but moves fairly quickly.  The big ben has a full slab of Ribs, a Beef Brisket and a Pork sandwich, 1/4 Chicken and 4 sides.In order of deliciousness: ribs, pulled pork, brisket, chicken.The sides here are...fine.  I opt for the green beans.  The sweet potato fries are too sweet.  I think bogart's has the superior sides.You'll keep coming back.
<review# 173,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/7/2013,12/29/2013,68,108,6,8,6>We stayed at the Chase Saturday evening following a great wedding in Forest Park.  The wedding party had a block of rooms which was really helpful as we got a great rate on a suite.The suite was very well done and the size of a small African republic.  This was great as we had the girls with us and it gave them the opportunity to play in some space.The appointments were luxurious as well but not over the top.  Our suite had a kitchen in it which was great as we kept a few drinks for the morning in the fridge for the girls.It looked as if the bathroom was recently redone as well as we had a large stand alone tiled shower and bath.The only minor complaint that I had echoed those of Patt C.  The couch in our suite was as snugly as a slab of granite.  I would have thought it would have been a bit more comfortable considering the rest of the surroundings.
<review# 174,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/15/2013,12/28/2013,32,155,3,7,5>I love the Wine Merchant. It's a fantastic place to get cheese, wine and spirits. The staff knows their stuff too -- I think they've tried every wine they have haha. I feel like most people think of this place and, b/c it's a wine shop, assume all the wine is expensive -- NOT the case! They have a TON of reasonably-priced bottles -- even under $12, and a lot of them are very good. They do a ton of free wine tastings during the week and on the weekends as well., which are fun and informative. Sign up for their e-newsletter to find out about closeouts and sale bottles. Pros: great service, incredible seleciton of wine, tons of inexensive options!Cons: none
<review# 175,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/11/2013,12/27/2013,72,94,3,9,6>Milagro is my favorite Mexican joint. It's fairly small indoors and has just a few tables on the patio as well, so reservations are highly recommended. It tends to fill up quickly on weekends. The decor is not your typical bright colors with sombreros hanging on the walls. It's more toned down with metal artwork throughout. It has a cozy feel to it. The food is also not your typical menu listing combos #1 - 124 of average burritos, enchiladas, and tacos. Here, you will find Mexican food with a twist. My favorite: mushroom and spinach enchiladas made with portabella and Mexican truffle mushrooms, spinach, chihuahua cheese, and tomatillo sauce. These babies are outstanding!!! All entrees are served with different sides such as street corn off the cob, goat cheese grits, chile mashed potatoes, and a selection of bean or rice options. They also offer great drink specials. The last time I was there I tried the margarita of the day... pomegranate on the rocks. Awesome, it was. True story.I found this place through the Foodie STL cards, and have continued to visit over the years. Try it out if you're tired of your favorite combo elsewhere.
<review# 176,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/17/2013,12/26/2013,90,156,3,6,5>Awesome cajun cuban sandwich. Loved it! Loved the gumbo, the jambalaya...all of it. I love Cajun food and you can't find it too often done right. This place does it right. If you are looking for solid variety of Cajun and Creole flavors - come here. The Voodoo Tea is a GREAT drink! The live music is a lot of fun. We also come here for brunch and the food was AWESOME! Don't get confused though, some of the little fried fish nuggets are not fried fish, they're chicken! We really love this place. Get the rewards card, you'll be glad you did later when the dollars start adding up towards another bill!I plan to go back several times as there are many things I really (really) need to try.
<review# 177,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/2/2013,12/25/2013,100,105,5,4,5>Such a good space!  I so want this place to succeed and really hope folks find their way to Cherokee!  How can you go wrong with waffles?  And when they get their liquor license in the coming days...wait for it....wait for it.....3AM waffles and booze????  Shut yo mouth. Different choices of batter are always appreciated.  When we went they had regular, cornmeal, and gluten free (made in a dedicated waffle iron!).  We got the gluten free and that may be why they were a bit thin.  BUT, they were delicious!  I went the breakfast route and had the waffle with sausage baked in it and topped with egg and cheese.  Soooo good.  My companion had the waffle with pulled pork, coleslaw, bbq sauce and cheese.  Crazy huge and super tasty.  The bbq sauce was a bit sweet for my taste but I know that's easy to fix with a wee bit of hot sauce.Service was great, food came out fairly quick, it didn't break the bank, and it was yummy.  All in all, I'm sold.  Things are apt to get dirty when I can go to a place close by for some late night cocktail waffle action.
<review# 178,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/30/2013,12/24/2013,133,63,5,8,5>PRAISE BE THE LORDS WHO BROUGHTETH THIS JOINT TO DOWNTOWN STL. New American is a dumb phrase because I don't actually know what it means but apparently that's what this restaurant is. What's great about it though is that it's so nice, but they scatter so many bits of St. Louis around the restaurant, it makes you really proud to live here. You walk in, and to your left is this gorgeous bar, straight in front of you is a small waiting area that looks more like a lounge with comfy couches and books about St. Louis on the coffee table, all in front of a big screen tv. To your right are the tables and booths that are just fancy enough to make you feel important, but not too fancy that you feel out of place. When you are seated, there is a small deck of St. Louis trivia cards at your table for you to play with while you wait for your food.Normally I have a huge fear of eating pasta from a non-italian restaurant but the linguine pescatore was heaven in my mouth. It was like those lil shrimps were just caught today! They had this delicious martini they made specifically in conjunction with St. Louis Pridefest and it was PHENOMENAL. Like cotton candy in my mouth.THE TURDUCKEN SANDWICH OH MY GOT GET THE TURDUCKEN SANDWICH OK!!!!!!THE ZUCCHINI FRIES, GET THE ZUCCHINI FRIES AND MAKE SWEET LOVE TO THEM WITH YOUR MOUTH. I'M TYPING IN CAPS BECAUSE I'M HONESTLY THAT EXCITED ABOUT THIS DAMN RESTAURANT OK!!!!BUT WAIT: THERE'S MORE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!1. They validate your parking for up to two hours, so you don't even have to waste time trying to find street parking.2. They can make ANYTHING gluten free. They have GF hamburger rolls, bread, flour for batter, and pasta.3. It's also really vegan friendly and there are a ton of options for both vegetarians and vegans.In summary, if you like food, and have a special diet, or don't have a special diet, just eat here. EAT THE HECK OUT OF HERE BECAUSE IT'S FANTASTICAL
<review# 179,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/17/2013,12/23/2013,11,170,2,4,4>I loved this place!  I was tired of the same places for breakfast, so I used the yelp app to find some other places nearby to try.  I found Letty Lou's, which is really close to where we live and has been there for a few years, yet we've never tried it!  It is a smaller café inside, with tables to sit and a large counter in front of the kitchen area.  They also have tons of different eclectic mugs to use for their coffee and I love that, it gives it a 'down home' feel.  I was surprised at their menu - it was huge and I had a hard time deciding on what to get because it all sounded great.  We had the café platter that had eggs, sausage or bacon and pancakes on the side, the special 'ultimate breakfast burrito' and two of their omelets - southwest and the garden.  Everything was huge - plenty to split!  The breakfast burrito came with delicious mini hash brown circles on the side, they were so good!  Everything tasted great and we had plenty to take home afterwards.  I took a look at their lunch menu as well and it looked fantastic, we can't wait to go back!  The service was good and everyone seemed very friendly.  I'm just surprised I haven't heard of this place sooner.  Give it a try, it might become your new go-to place for breakfast and lunch!
<review# 180,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/22/2013,12/22/2013,122,526,2,5,6>I figured after my third visit I needed to update my review. I continue to be impressed with SugarFire and for good reason. It has quickly made its way into my top 5 list of great BBQ joints in Saint Louis. They are in great company with the likes of Pappy's and Bogarts, however SugarFire is a little bit more adventurous with their food. Items like the Beef Brisket Philly Cheese Steak and the Chicken Biscuit are a welcome change of pace from traditional BBQ. One my first visit I tried the Beef Brisket with two sides, I picked Mac & Cheese and cornbread. The Mac & Cheese was awesome, very cheesy and creamy, and the cornbread was good I just wish I would have gotten the cheesy bacon onion cornbread instead of the traditional. Portion sizes are good, seriously the piece of cornbread I had was about half the size of a brick, enough to split with another person. Now on to the barbecue, the brisket was great, it was perfectly smoked with great flavor, and I almost didn't want to ruin a great brisket by adding sauce but I was so curious to try the coffee sauce, yes coffee. It was good, and it had a slight hint of coffee to it. Now you can get a little caffeine with your barbecue, however I actually preferred the Carolina mustard and the Sweet sauce over the coffee, however if you are a big coffee drinker you shouldn't pass this up.I also almost forgot about the aptly names "Crack Pie", this is amazing. The easiest way describe it is probably a gooey butter cake on......you guessed it crack. It is amazing, and will make you will be hooked.My second visit was around lunch time and I wanted a sandwich and the Beef Brisket Philly Cheese Steak special was calling my name, it didn't disappoint however it was almost too much of a sandwich. The cheese and brisket went well together.My third visit was for an official yelp gathering and I decided to give the Chicken Biscuit a try, it was a smaller sandwich but it was big on taste. Basically it is a breaded chicken thigh tossed in hot sauce and served on a biscuit slathered in honey butter, amazing! It was one of the cheaper sandwiches, so if you are hungry dont be afraid to order two! I stuck with one but got a side of Mac & Cheese, again along with a slice of Key Lime Pie. The Key Lime Pie was good, very simple and tasty. I have yet to try a burger here, but did see several being cooked to order and have to admit that they look very good!
<review# 181,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/5/2012,9/13/2012,142,167,5,12,11>Holy fajoli, it' has been too much time since my last review. These are my confessions.Thank the lucky stars, that I am friends with Nick, through whom I was introduced to this Florissantian gem.Being the early girl always, I arrived before the group, so I took a seat at the long table they'd put together and reserved for us. Soon Nick and Jeremy had arrived. We decided to peruse the menu and make our decisions before the masses, and I was  torn between ordering the Tomato Basil Soup and the Veggie Sandwich. I requested a sample, and though it was the best tomato soup I'd ever had, I decided to go with the sandwich... which was very good, but since I'm not a huge fan of roasted red peppers or feta, I probably should have gone with the soup. It came with an abundant pile of chips and I was full by the time I was finished trying to conquer the massive sandwich (I did not, if you were curious). I took a sweet and salty cookie to go, and knew from the moment I entered the adorable little bakery & cafe that I would need to try some cheesecake. Being the awesome people they are, they made a Creme Brulee Cheesecake for the group in celebration of Nick's birthday. The Creme Brulee is his fave, and I soon found out why. The cheesecake was light and airy, yet rich and commanding at the same time. The sugar topping was bruleed to perfection and I was very sad when my peice was gone. As full as I was, I was (naively) hoping that someone hated theirs, and I could take more home. No such luck. The small business owners in this area have banded together to try to make Florissant the spicy capital of Missouri, I'm pretty sure. Pearl Cafe already has their spicy challenge up-and-running, and now de.lish is putting together an "Inferno" challenge that should be a go shortly.I cannot wait to get back over for another cheesecake experience. In fact, I am going out to Pearl Cafe sometime in the next couple weeks, and will have to call ahead and order some. Thai food and cheesecake go together, right? Oh, wait. I forgot. I just don't care. Happy Dining!
<review# 182,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/22/2012,9/12/2012,6,34,3,8,6>We ended up here after trying to figure out one night where we could go, stay in Soulard, and get a great dinner/some beer and not spend a ton. So, Riverbend.I lived in New Orleans and then Baton Rouge for several years-- and I almost cried tears of joy with every bite. This is the real deal, and I haven't had much like it outside Louisiana. Plus, the atmosphere is dive-y, incredibly friendly, and casual. And yes, there is an LSU flag hanging over the bar-- GEAUX TIGERS (sorry). They had several Abita beers (more than just the ubiquitous Purple Haze) and a full bar as well.We started with the oyster bread and a bowl of their daily soup, some kind of seafood and corn chowder-- both great. For entrees we had a Cuban and the Mardi Gras pasta-- a Cajun cream sauce with huge, gorgeous shrimp, crawfish and blackened chicken. Perfect heat; it had that great Creole spice that kind of creeps up on you. The sandwich was huge and delicious. If I ever lay eyes on the chef I am going to hug him.Three beers and half our food later (can't wolf down such great food, we had to save some to savor as leftovers), we grudgingly agreed we had to have dessert, because the boy loves bread pudding and our server won me over with a dessert that wasn't on the menu-- praline cheesecake! UH MAH GAWW. Totally worth having to unbutton my pants in the car.Not only will we be coming back, like, always, for dinner, we decided that the atmosphere was really also perfect for just knocking back a few; it's not in the main part of Soulard, and so doesn't get so much of the bro-and-weekend-warrior crowd.
<review# 183,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/1/2012,9/11/2012,108,88,,6,5>PW, how I love thee!  You are tasty, delicious and you offer lots of options.  Bonus points because you will do half and half on any pizza I wish.  That's love right there!We sat at the bar on a busy Saturday night.  Our server/bar tender was awesome!  He had a full bar and didn't skip a beat while he was glad to have us sit at the bar.  There was a pretty long wait so we went to the bar to get a drink while we waited.  Lucky for us two seats next to each other opened up, so we opted to eat at the bar to skip the wait.  We had ordered beers (good selection) and looked over the menu.  It was a tough decision so we opted to do half and half and we went with the Pulled Piggy and The Santo on regular crust.  The Pulled Piggy half was by far my favorite side.  I love bbq and slaw together!  The Santo was very good, but the Pulled Piggy was my favorite.  The crust is not too thick and not too thin, wood fired and fast.  We only ordered the pizza and beer and it was enough for the two of us.  When we go back I'm going to have to try the wings.  They looked really good!  I really liked the exposed brick and wood.  The atmosphere of PW is really warm and inviting.  I didn't get to see the whole place because we sat at the bar, but I did get to watch the pizzas being made in the open kitchen.  Those people are on it!  They also looked like they were having a good time while cooking in the open.  I think that would make me feel nervous, but I don't like being the center of attention.  Nonetheless, I'll be back for sure!
<review# 184,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/15/2012,9/10/2012,238,242,3,11,8>Culinaria is a great little grocery store located in the heart of Downtown St. Louis next to the Old Post Office.  Designed for urban dwellers, convention goers, and office workers, this compact size Schnucks offers a surprisingly good variety of products.  I like the layout of the store and its various sections.  Similar to the larger suburban stores, but smaller in size, this one has a salad bar, ready-made food bar, bakery, meats, seafood, pharmacy, and much more.  I'll try to keep it simple and just highlight some of my favorites in the store:The cheese selection is quite nice, offering a variety of different cheeses.  Look for the Gjetost Norwegian cheese and give it a try if you've never had it; it's good stuff! The sandwich bar has some delicious options which can be made to order and grilled panini style while you wait.  They make a decent Cubano sandwich.   I don't know what it is about the cookies here, but everyone at work loves me for picking up the huge platters for special occasions.  The gooey butter cookies are absolutely amazing! If you like gooey butter cake, then you'll love the cookie version at Culinaria.  The olive bar has some nice options with the olive & feta mix being my favorite.  I could eat this as a meal and be satisfied! Don't forget to visit the 2nd floor for a large variety of wines and spirits.  The beer selection is on the main floor, where they have a good selection of craft brews.The checkout line is European style where everyone waits in one line for the next available cashier.  This eliminates that annoying problem of being stuck in the slow checkout lane.  While the line can be quite long, it usually goes quick. Overall, I love my little neighborhood shop and visit multiple times a week.  It's well worth checking out, and a solid 4 stars in my book!
<review# 185,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/27/2012,9/9/2012,89,195,2,6,4>If my mom, grandma, and a host of my Mississippi cousins opened a restaurant, it would be Diner's Delight. Seriously....it's a taste of home, in South City. I generally hit them up for dinner on Sundays, right before the after church rush starts. They stock all that stuff that you can't get at other so-called down home restaurants-oxtails, chicken & dumplings, neckbones, dressing everyday-love it. Teddy & the rest of the staff make it a point to make sure you enjoy your visit, AND don't leave hungry. Great atmosphere, friendly clientele (me included!), and soul food at a reasonable price...my go-to spot, since Delmonico's closed their doors.
<review# 186,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/3/2012,9/8/2012,27,90,1,10,8>I never miss an opportunity to take guests to dinner here.  Cleveland-Heath really showcases how good the dining in the Metro-East can be.  The menu is unassuming (burgers, pulled pork, mac n cheese, brussel sprouts), but simple never tasted sooooo good.  You also get a lot of food for the money.  We've never left without bring a few containers of food home.The service is friendly from the bartenders to the servers and bussers.  Just know that if you wear a plaid shirt, someone may mistake you for one of the employees.They just opened a back patio with outdoor seating.  It's pet-friendly though I haven't taken my dog there yet.My faves here: brussel sprouts, pulled pork, cheeseburger, mac n cheese, kale salad, street tacos.
<review# 187,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/28/2012,9/7/2012,224,200,3,9,7>2Schae is pretty great. I'm so glad to have this homey little coffeeshop within walking distance.Things I love:- the name. It took me forever to figure it out that the steam from the cup on the logo was a 2, and then that the Schae part is their last name....two Schaefers! I'm a quick one.- the art on the walls by the young baristas that work there, and the map with thumbtacks showing where the staff (and maybe regulars?) have been- the album by the couch that compiles all sorts of little notes and letters and scrapbook-y things from customers (including a "Congratulations, people love you on Yelp!" letter)- the cozy booths with the pillows by the windows- the food. I highly recommend "The Big Apple" - "Our 'adult' grilled cheese. Sliced apple, peppered bacon, mozzarella, cheddar, and swiss cheese, honey dijon, on wheatberry bread." EPIC WIN. IT WAS SCRUMPTIOUS.Thing I don't love:- the hours. They close at 4pm every day. Sometimes I like coffeeshoppin' it up in the evening.But overall.....yup, pretty great.
<review# 188,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/8/2012,9/6/2012,144,692,9,6,7>It was dusk and the man near the window sat in the shadows of the branches cast against the street light. In the daytime the street appeared hazy, but at dusk the air cooled and the man liked to sit near the window because it was quiet and he felt the difference. The couple walked past him to the polished glass. Behind the glass each shiny stainless steel vessel was filled with a frozen sea of colorful gelato."The pistachio looks good.""Yes, pistachio and tiramisu.""We could make it three flavors.""Two is filling," said the server."Then pistachio and tiramisu for one. Pistachio and chocolate for the other."They sat together in the leather armchairs close against the wall, with a Sauce magazine on the table between them. Small spoons, sized like popsicle sticks, made them savor each bite. The gelato was silky, and went down smoothly at the end of a long gritty day. A student typed on a laptop in a corner beyond the bookshelf. A young woman ordered honey mascarpone crostini. Near the front all the tables were empty except where the man sat in the shadows that sharpened as dusk gave way to darkness.The man looked from his cup across the street, then over at the couple. "I am of those who like to stay late at the Gelateria del Leone," he thought. "With all those who do not want to go home. With all those who need a light for the night." He thought of the ones who stood outside on asphalt at Ted Drewes or Bobby's. He thought of how good it was to sit in a chair and look out at a street that appeared as a street might look in Milan, and drink hot coffee and eat the cool gelato. These things were very beautiful. In his reverie time passed, and there was the coffee and the gelato, the light and the shadow. Now, without thinking further, he would go home to his room. He would lie in bed and finally sleep. - "Gelateria del Leone," after Ernest Hemingway, by jh
<review# 189,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/7/2012,9/5/2012,73,136,,12,6>Possibly the best happy hour in STL!Wed-Fri, 4-7 all of the German beers on tap are $3 for a 1/2 liter and $5 for a LITER!!Yes, I said a liter - same as you get when you go to our Oktoberfest, except it's only five bucks! Also, we're not talking about bud light or PBR, we're talkin' Pilsner, Hefeweizen, Dunkles, Warsteiner and many more that I can't even recall.The bartender, Mark, was super nice and we met a great couple who lives above the restaurant and had a fun conversation.Food wise, all we tried was the soft pretzel appetizer with warm mustard but it was good. All in all this is a great place, and I'm already contemplating having my B-Day happy hour there!
<review# 190,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/8/2012,9/4/2012,60,293,,6,3>We stopped into Five last night and has some dinner with friends.  We met up at the bar for a pre dinner drink.  The bartender was very nice and helpful.  We wrapped things up and headed to our table where we were helped by Jenn, our fabulous waitress.  After much debate about what to order, the four course prix fixe menu ($45 or $60 with wine pairing) or the five course tasting menu( $55 or $75 with wine pairing).  I ultimately went with the four course prix fixe and could not have be happier.  I started my meal off with the charcuterie plate.  It had too many good things to remember, but the thing that stood out the most was the chicken liver mousse.  I'm not one who likes liver, but this was soo very good when put on some bread.  My second course the grilled asparagus.  There was a nice char on the asparagus that gave it a hint of smoke to it that really brought the flavor out.  My main course was the hanger steak, cooked medium rare and it was cooked to perfection.  The flavor of this steak was amazing and it was very tender.For desert i went with the chocolate cashew bomb, or something like that.  It was ok, not knock your socks off amazing like the other three courses were but it was still solid.  Service was amazing and the food was very, very good.  I cannot wait to go back as their menu changes quite often.
<review# 191,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/27/2012,4/21/2012,66,111,1,4,3>I went in on a misty Thursday looking to try something quick.  Not in the mood to cook and have been craving something with flavor.  You know the resolution diet is pushing my limits now!  Went in asked to sit in bar.  Honestly I didn't look around much.  Looked at the menu and thought the prices for the entrees were above average in cost.  However, I went for the carne azada (the spell it with a Z).  It's basically lean skirt steak that is flash grilled after being marinated for a long time.  Came out quick and fabulous.  I mean more than surprised fabulous.  Big smile hit my face when I got my plate.  The steak can be pulled apart with your hands or with the knife and fork.  It's perfectly tasty on it's own and didnt need anything other than to be bitten.  I didn't even salt my food.  However, the food didnt seem salty at all.  Beans were smashed a lot with a lil chunky goodness here and there.  Rice was perfect ly tomato-ee and both were authentic (accept for the yellow cheese on top of my beans).  Hey I like my authentic food but this is a home run in my gringo Maryville.  Added plus, I can walk for my meal in the summer!Things I didn't like.  The salsa........just hideous.  I'll see if they have different ones.  Good thing is that if I dont like it then I'll skip the chips and save calories.  There was no one in the bar and lots of people in the dinning area.  It's a small restaurant.  Lot smaller than what it looks like from inside.  Also, this place gets loud and doesnt hold its noise well.  I think its due to the strip mall feel.  No bartender on a Thursday, so I hope this changes in the future.  I think they basically keep one during the weekends.  However, I'm a girl who likes to eat in the bar.  I hope this changes in the future cause I'd like to have a lil more attentive service and be able to ask questions.  Still I was so happy with the flavor of my food, this will not deter me from eating here again or at least getting take out!Ps not sure about opening day, but it's been around a month or so and Yelp made me fill it out.
<review# 192,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/4/2011,4/20/2012,133,63,8,10,6>Tip Top is a bar, a small dive bar, with AMAZING food. In fact, they have the best dive bar food in all of St. Louis. YES I SAID IT, COME AT ME BROWhen I went in last week the banner was falling off the front of the building and the facade of the place suggests that the inside is dimly lit, smokey, and possibly full of creepy old men. Fortunately, it's smoke free. You're going to get a/b products here, hipsters can get Busch. They have all your basic liquors. I'm not sure how much high end stuff they have, but if you've come to Tip Top looking for high end, you done lost yo' mind.Prices are good (cheap)But let's talk about the food:Soo...when you look at their menu, you see a lot of things you'll see at  a Greek restaurant. Hummus/Pita/Gyros/Cucumbers/Feta/Tzatziki/etc etc. You'll also see super standard bar fare. Wings, Ravs, Poppers, Shrooms.You'll also see just random this and that. Fried chicken dinners, fried fish, Ceasar salad, steak sandwich, etc.The star of the show is the Cevapcici. They are these small spiced sausages that I haven't seen anywhere other than here. You can get a platter served with the sausages, a couple of kabobs, some pita, feta, and all the fixins, and you will die of happiness. I was reading that Serbian food is extremely flavorful and I think the Cevapcici definitely represents that. Not necessarily "spicy," but definitely flavorful. Ugh I'm drooling just thinking about it.Everything is reasonably priced, especially considering the level of satisfaction you get upon ingesting this stuff.The people who work here are really nice, but will DEFINITELY joke around with you, so make sure you have a sense of humor upon going in. I won't tell you what they said about the Busch beer I was drinking...If you have not been there, go immediately. Thank me later ok.
<review# 193,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/4/2011,4/19/2012,85,110,3,6,5>What a wonderful hidden gem in Crestwood, MO located across from the old Crestwood mall. This place is always a treat on a Friday for lunch after a long week of work. After several visits I got to visit with the family who owns the place and they have such a heart to provide an exceptional dining experience. My favorite meal is there Sushi lunch special. You get to choose a roll and 3 pieces. They also bring you a very yummy bowl of Miso soup and two mini veggie egg rolls.I have brought several coworkers along and they seem to love their Thai dishes. When you have a free lunch and you are looking for some home cooked Thai or Japanese cuisine give Zen a try!
<review# 194,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/26/2011,4/18/2012,29,86,1,8,6>NOTE: This review is of the U-City location (for some reason it is not coming up when I search yelp).  Menu is exactly the same at both locations.  Went here tonight, and realized I had forgotten how AMAZING the pizza at Dewey's is.  I need to go here more often.  I agree that it is possibly the best pizza it St. Louis, with the possible exception being La PIzza.  When you add in the nicer atmosphere (La Pizza is like a shack), solid beer list, and great salads, Dewey's is unbeatable.  All their pizzas have a light, crispy and delicious crust.  You can watch them hand toss the dough as you walk in.  The sauces (tomato or garlic/oil) are flavorful and applied in just the right amount.  The cheese is classic Mozzarella, although I recommend upgrading to fresh Mozzarella if you are into that.  The topping choices are endless and include some interesting gourmet options.  All the pre-set offerings I have sampled are delicious. The Meatball is my favorite.  One secret: The CALZONE.  Pretty good sized, and deal at ~$8, and includes 3 toppings.  Chicken, Bacon and Fresh Mozzarella is a great option.Service is fast and friendly.  My only complaint is that this place gets very crowded very early (popular with families), so be prepared to wait, especially on weekends.  Well worth the wait however.  Carryout is also a popular and time-saving option.
<review# 195,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/1/2011,4/17/2012,19,210,,8,5>At Tony's, you do not get a waiter, you get a crew. So, sit back and enjoy the attention, because you are going to get lots of it.The food was excellent: stuffed zucchini flowers (which I have never seen on a US menu before), nicely cooked white asparagus spears, a tasty lobster dish, and probably the best chocolate torte I have ever had.It all adds up to a unique experience.NOTE: Gentlemen are requested to wear jackets on Saturdays only.  The rest of the week is business casual.
<review# 196,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/22/2011,4/16/2012,54,81,5,2,3>Where else can you hear Johnny Cash and Snoop Dog play in the span of 10 minutes than at a karaoke bar! Double D's is our go-to spot for Karaoke. All karaoke, all the time up in this place. The drinks are fairly good, readily available and they usually have some sort of pizza/pitcher of beer combo deal on the weekends.Cons:1. I agree with Jenny P on the potty situation. Gross stalls and there's only 2! WTF?2. Not enough dance space! I need to show off my Charleston, man!3. They allow stupid slow songs and death metal. I mean, I guess this is a karaoke bar con for ALL karaoke bars. If the song lyrics include: tears, crying, death, killing puppies, stabbing fairies, DON'T SING IT!!
<review# 197,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/2/2012,4/15/2012,108,53,1,5,3>It's been a hot minute since my last Yelp review - so bear with me as this may be a rusty ride. Like most Mondays, I find myself in a south city bar around 1pm. I can tell most of the bar patrons, including myself, are quasi-recovered from National Hangover Day and are back in the saddle for an afternoon of bowl games and brews, hockey and hot wings. At it's core, Southtown Pub is a great sports bar. Plenty of TVs, good beers on tap, and oh, did I mention their food? Southtown prides itself on its BBQ. I'm not about to advocate that it rivals Pappy's or Bogarts, but it may come in a close 3rd or 4th for this meat mongrel. A lot of their meat dishes are slow cooked and smoked for a delicious combination of flavor and tenderness that can't be beat. They have 6 different sauces available at the bar to compliment your pulled pork sliders, ribs, or chicken wings. Today, I ordered 5 of their signature wings and their smoked briket chili with cheese, grilled onions, and sour cream. It's quite possibly the best chili I've ever had. The large chunks of smoked Texas brisket makes my turkey chili with brown sugar look like cat vomit. Are you hungry yet? The servers and waitstaff are also very nice and friendly. They checked in with us about every 15 minutes or so to make sure we had everything we needed. Like a lot of South City pubs, the crowd is mixed. A mixture of 20-something sports fans and working class folk looking to grab a beer and meal while watching their favorite teams. If you find yourself looking for a good sports bar near S. Kingshighway, I highly recommend Southtown Pub.
<review# 198,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/28/2011,4/14/2012,108,92,,6,4>Bottom Line:  Friendly service, local business, fixed vacuum ahead of promised date.Overview:My Mother has had a vacuum for some time and it has been in disrepair for several years.  She went ahead and purchased a new Oreck vacuum, but was unhappy with it, once she got it home.  After spotting Dr. Tom's Vacuums after an evening across the street at Spiro's restaurant, seeing their Facebook page, and then a positive review on Yelp, I decided to give the shop a try.  Service:I must admit I was a bit taken a back by the tidiness of the shop.  It looks as though at one time the shop was a nice showroom that has gone unkept for many years.  Regardless, I was pleased with the customer service at the shop.  The vacuum was inspected and we were told an estimate and a promised date for pickup.  The cost of the repair was significant, but given the original cost of the vacuum, it was worth it to get it repaired and back in service.  The vacuum was brought in on a Wednesday or Thursday and by that Saturday, they had phoned to say the vacuum was ready.  The motor had to be replaced and they indicated a one year warranty did apply.Summary:I would certainly recommend using Dr. Tom's again in the future.  Of course, I hope this repair will last a good long while given the cost, but based on my experience at the store, I think I can assume that if something comes up in the near future, the folks at Dr. Tom's will be sure to take care of us.Note:Given my Mom's diminished ability to walk, I was pleased to see a spacious lot next to the shop.  It gave us plenty of room to unload/load the vacuum without having to park near traffic.
<review# 199,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/13/2012,4/13/2012,172,294,,7,7>My friend and I came here for dinner. We each got their special Banh Mi and an order of spring rolls. First of all, it's brilliant to put the menu under the piece of glass that sits on the table. I found myself staring at it after finishing my food, trying to decide if I want to eat more or not. Onto the food! The tilapia spring rolls were really good as were the shrimp ones. I definitely tasted mint -- which i love. I was hesitant about the tilapia ones, but they turned out great!The banh mi was really good too. I loved their pickled veggies and the meats they put on it. I asked for extra meat and I was very happy with the portion size meat-wise. However, I wanted more veggies.  After I finished, I told that to our waiter who was really nice about it and told me he'll see if they can add it as an option. I told him I though having more veggies will be better for balance. The food and service here is great! I'll definitely come back when I'm craving banh mi sandwiches! YUM!
<review# 200,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/16/2012,4/12/2012,149,141,2,7,5>I have been in love with the Tivoli for decades. It is truly one of St. Louis' most sparkling gems. The atmosphere is that of a golden age cinema, and you can just see fancy dressed celebrities waking across the vintage tile floor and gracing the red velvet seats.I have been here a lot - for foreign movies, indie movies, and even mainstream movies. I love the annual International Film Festival, and have volunteered there. The staff and volunteers are so friendly and down-to-earth. They love film as much as I do, and it really shows in the care they take in making the Tivoli the best film experience you'll ever have. Park in the lot across the street for a couple of bucks so you don't have to drive around looking for a spot. Have dinner before the movie at any of the Loop's nice places, and wander down the St. Louis Walk of Fame before you enter the Tivoli's gorgeous lobby. The tickets are a bit pricey, but worth it. The snacks and drinks are reasonably priced. I only wish they had a transporter so it could be closer to home!
<review# 201,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/26/2009,2/14/2010,65,65,8,8,4>Question: do you rate a restaurant higher for carrying a product that they do not make in house? Honestly, it's not like they did anything other than say, "hey, this is delicious," but then again, they should be rewarded for having good taste, right? But shouldn't every restaurant be held to the standard of knowing what is delicious, thus making a good outsourced product not a pleasant surprise, but the norm? Why does my head hurt every time I write a review on Yelp? The product in question is Bell's Double Brown. Now, I am not the first to toot the Bell's horn by any means, but their Double Brown--which is on tap, and which I had never had--is delicious (somehow I know that there's a better use of verb tense there). Like possibly in the top 10 most delicious beers I've ever tasted. Oh. The food. Since changing over, I was curious to try the "new" Shaved Duck. The menu is very straight forward and accessible, and I found the way they tried to tone down the place into a "barbeque joint" amusing--like the antithesis of putting lipstick on a pig, so to speak. "Let me just hide the dark stained wood with butcher paper and put moist towelettes on the table; this'll get the folks in!" The lady friend and I ordered the duck fat frites (seriously disappointing in comparison to other versions I've tried), a vegetarian flatbread (obviously not my choice, but very delicious--well played Duck for calling it a "flatbread," thus suckering me into a $2 up charge over the common man's "pizza") and the ribs (average butcher job with a little too much fat on the ribs, but decent flavor and rub). I'm very excited to see more and more places reevaluating their menus and understanding that you don't need to charge a lot to deliver good food. The food listed above, plus two Double Browns and a cocktail was around $50-60 after tip. Not necessarily fast food, but definitely accessible for people wanting to have a nice time on a casual weeknight evening. Overall, I'd probably give the food a 3-4, atmosphere a 4 (I'm a sucker for round booths), service 4, and the Double Brown a 5. I guess that means this place gets a 4. Congratulations, Duck.
<review# 202,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/22/2010,2/13/2010,37,228,4,6,3>I've only eaten at Chris' for breakfast/brunch, so my rating is only based on that section of their menu - I'd like to give them 3.5 but since that's not an option, I'm giving 4.  This is a safe bet if you're looking for a place to have breakfast food.  Given the location, it's really popular on the wkds since there aren't too many options nearby besides IHOP or Denny's or Uncle Bill's.  This place is def better than that.  Be prepared to wait if you come on the wkd.  Pancakes here are good, and the other breakfast menu items are also safe choices.  The only item that was only OK was the biscuits and gravy - other items have been pretty good.Even though this place is called Chris' Pancakes, I have to say that the best place for pancakes in the StL area is at Benton Park Cafe.
<review# 203,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/10/2010,2/12/2010,175,44,5,6,5>If Dewey's was a pizza, its toppings would be awesome service, fresh homemade taste and extra, extra friendliness.I went for my first time the other night.  We had the Peppercorn Ranch salad (Romaine, bacon, tomato, red onion, parmesan) and it was SO good.  You can build your own hand-tossed style pizza or choose from their Specialty pizzas.  They will do half-and-half for you too, even with the Specialties.  I was excited that they had pineapple, because I like to get pineapple with ricotta and pepperoni.  Don't make that face, it's good!Now for the service: top notch!  We had several people come by and check on us, my water glass was never close to being empty, and the real shocker came when they brought our pizza and said, "we forgot to leave the Ranch on the side for your (my date's) half of the pizza, but we've already got another one in the oven for you and it will be right out."  So, we got to eat the pizza they brought and then take an entire FREE pizza home just because they made a little mistake.  I love when people understand good customer service!  Dewey love this place?  Yes, yes we do!
<review# 204,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,1/24/2010,2/11/2010,120,188,2,6,5>We were recently looking for a BBQ place to eat as BBQ had been on my mind all freakin' day.  In our searches for something open late we came across JackSon's.  Even though they're not technically BBQ, they were close enough to peak our interest.There was a five dollar cover that night (Saturday) due to them having live music, but that was ok because with cover they gave you a $1 dollar drink voucher (except premiums).  The crowd did seem to be a bit older, but I saw some younger couples and people sprinkled in the mix so I didn't feel completely out of place.  I'm from the east coast so I'm still not used to smoking being allowed in the restaurant and that threw me off a bit as I don't like to smell like smoke after every night out.The food though was a mixed bag.  I had the cheeseburger wrap with onion rings and I can't really say that I was disappointed.  I munched it down really quickly.  Two thumbs up.  The other person in my party had the angry shrimp and the fried crab cakes.  The angry shrimp sauce was absolutely incredible.  Just enough spice and it was full of flavor.  Two thumbs up again.  The only miss was the fried crab cakes.  I understand St. Louis is nowhere near an ocean and fresh crab is going to be hard to come by, however this was a total miss.  The crab didn't taste too well and just was awful.  The service was really good and I'd love to give them 3.5 stars, but there is no half star option.  I wouldn't mind visiting them again for lunch or an early dinner.
<review# 205,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/3/2009,2/10/2010,55,255,5,14,4>Kreis' is not the kind of place I would go to by myself or with my wife; simply put, I would feel incredibly out of place.  The red-jacketed wait staff is genteel, the clientele is well-to-do, and the dim lighting and dark wood paneling make the atmosphere a little stuffy.I suppose that's why I've been here only two or three times in my life.  On my most recent visit, I went with my wife and parents to celebrate my father's birthday.  It was on a Thursday, and we were seated immediately.We started off with salads -- I chose bleu cheese dressing and it was fantastic, others chose the Mayfair dressing and deemed it fantastic as well (although I thought it was overpowering).  Rolls were good.  Regarding the steak, I found myself in a bit of a conundrum.  If you're at a restaurant and they offer a $35, 16 oz USDA prime sirloin and a $30, 16 oz strip steak, it implies that the strip -- generally a pricier cut than the sirloin -- is only USDA choice (along with the rest of the menu).So on one hand, you have a superior CUT of meat... but on the other hand, you have a superior GRADE of meat.  What do you do?  WHAT DO YOU DO?Well, in my case, I went with the prime sirloin.  After all, you can't really get prime meat in the supermarket.  I could go to the store right now and get a choice strip.  Boy, it had been awhile since I've ordered a 16 oz steak (the only option for the sirloin).  I had forgotten just what a massive hunk of meat that is.  It was top notch, though.My father ordered the "medium" sized prime rib, which I think was even more massive than my sirloin.  He liked it, but also had a bit of my steak and judged it to be superior to the prime rib.  But as I mentioned, my sirloin *was* very good.That gives me a good segue to mention that just because something is called "prime rib" doesn't mean it's prime-graded beef.  It's a historical name predating USDA grades.  You could cut a rib roast from a diseased starving cow and call it "prime rib" if you like.  I'm not saying that's what Kreis' does of course -- but it was probably "choice" beef since it didn't explicitly say it was USDA prime.Moving on -- my wife had Veal Oscar and liked it quite a lot.  My mother had filet mignon, and I never heard her opinion.  Sides were deemed good; I was in the mood for something different and tried the German potato pancakes.  I actually didn't like them very much.The place is fairly pricey.  Expect to pay around $30-35 for each entree, which comes with one side.  Salads are in the $5 range.All in all, I would recommend it as an upscale steakhouse.
<review# 206,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/26/2010,2/9/2010,25,44,2,3,5>My vote for Schlafly Tap Room is on all accounts 5 stars.  Specifically I am reviewing The Annual Robert Burns Dinner.  Last night was my first ever attendance to this annual event on the birthday of Scottish Poet Robert Burns.  The beer needs no review at this point it speaks for itself however you must drink the scotch ale cask to compare it to the scotch ale draught; they are two different beers the cask is much smoother and it doesn't hurt that it packs a Scottish punch with its high ABV.  However the traditional Scottish Fare of Scotch Eggs; a boiled egg wrapped in sausage then bread coated and deep fried.  The Haggis which is blessed at the beginning of the evening is so rich and flavorful that you would not question it origins. And the shepherds  pie,  rich creamy tatties atop a lamb mince and I think some carrots.  Last but not to be forgotten the Sticky toffee pudding Yum.  Tom Schlafly began the evening with his own poem or toast to Robert Burns.  The night is filled with scottish dancers and bands.  However the best part of the whole evening is the Bagpipes, oh thats it right there, from their entrance to the the rendition of amazing grace that will make the hair on the back of you neck stand up; that is if it doesn't make you cry.A wonderful evening all around so fun you just might need to take a taxi home.
<review# 207,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/20/2010,2/7/2010,43,228,2,4,2>Ever since i was a youngin and we needed a cake for any type of party we came here. I honestly don't know why but this is where my gramma came to get cakes and other goodies when she needed them and thus we all did. Now, fast forward many years later and me, not so much of a youngin but still not old, and i still come here when i need something. I find their cakes to be tasty, tasty, tasty! Yum! I also like their other baked goods as well but honestly since i live 15 minutes away i don't come there for baked goods, just the incredible cakes.
<review# 208,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/22/2010,2/5/2010,361,578,5,4,5>I have such issues trying to find a late night meal in St. Louis. As a graduate student, you can imagine how necessary this can be. Sasha's to the rescue! Open nightly until 1am ('cause it's a bar), their kitchen is open until 12:30am. It's also blissfully close to Wash U. Their wine list is as good as I've seen in St. Louis, and it does have a comfortable ambiance. Their cheese plates are well-sized and meant for sharing. The service is hit-or-miss. Waiting times can take forever - if you're only there for a drink, sit at the bar. Staff suggestions on wine vary from very good (someone who knows what they're talking about) and almost terrible (who should fess up and say she doesn't know). Coming from the wine industry, it can be annoying when people act snooty, too, which can happen on occasion with some of their staff. What was a little ghetto was their wine book; "sold out" was scrawled (or even scratched out) next to multiple wines. I think it's due for a reprint.
<review# 209,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/13/2009,2/4/2010,513,774,5,2,2>Great vodka, good sushi. I love people watching here. Usually it's a young crowd or the occasional old man with money and his gold digging Barbie wife. nice!
<review# 210,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/13/2010,2/3/2010,13,109,3,16,6>We'd been taking our Scottish Terrier to another groomer in Belleville and were starting to get concerned that he was not being treated well. So, when we saw "Downtown Dog" open up on Main St. in Belleville, we decided to give them a try.And I'm glad we did! Sherry, the owner and primary groomer, went to the Missouri School of Dog Grooming, and she knows her stuff. We found out on our first visit that our Scottie was not being cut right, and she called us during the grooming process to let us know that she was concerned because he was afraid of being groomed. She expressed genuine concern that a previous groomer had abused him, and suggested some plans to help get him more comfortable with the grooming process. It was clear to us that she's in business because she loves dogs!Downtown Dog has very reasonable rates and offers a full range of dog grooming options. They are very strictly by appointment only, but that seems to be because they're interested in dealing with a manageable number of appointments every day and not trying to cram too many dogs into their schedule.I love the interior of the place -- it's very warm and friendly, and you can see everything that's happening from the counter. What's more, Downtown Dog is exceptionally CLEAN -- probably the cleanest groomer I've ever seen, in fact. It's that sort of attention to detail that gives me a lot of confidence in what they're doing.
<review# 211,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/25/2013,3/24/2014,76,209,,12,8>Oh man, I wish Festival of Nations went on for 2 months instead of 2 days.  How is one supposed to try all the food in such a short amount of time?!  We had some curry puff pastries, a gyro from the Greek table, paella from the Spanish booth, watermelon juice from the Mexican booth, and my favorite, borek from the Turkish booth (courtesy of Aya Sofia).  Everything was really pretty good, super expensive, but really tasty.  The food was certainly the stand out for us, but there were other things too :)They have multiple stages with entertainment - dancing & music, which my toddler thought was really entertaining.  There were lots of merchant vendors, henna painting & a cute arts and crafts area for families.This was the first time I've been to this festival & plan on going again next year.  A couple mistakes we made - not bringing a stroller for our toddler, and grabbing the first parking spot we found, which wasn't especially close.  We ended up carrying our little one half the time.  It's a big park & there's a lot of walking.  I do wish there were more seating, and we'll bring a blanket or something next year.  It was nearly impossible to find a place to sit & eat, unless you don't mind sitting on the ground.At any rate, we really enjoyed this - it's a great event for the city of STL.
<review# 212,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/2/2013,3/23/2014,97,514,5,11,10>There's probably nothing that I can add to the 200+ reviews of this place other than telling the Yelp community that I will be happy to go back for another round with anyone at any time.  I don't usually write such short reviews but the place is so well reviewed that anything I may write is likely to just be a "me too" opinion.Holy crap what a great place!!!  I will crave their food until I make it back there...
<review# 213,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/18/2013,3/22/2014,438,182,6,11,9>This place is LEGIT----Sunday Funday lunch led us to Russells, and boy I'm glad it did! Walking in, it was a little crowded- and then looking at all the bakery stuff, plus the menu= sensory overload.Let me first start by saying that I do NOT like Bloody Marys -They contain everything I despise---Celery-Check, Tomatoes-Check, Olives-check!  and the last time I drank a bloody mary was on vacation in Punta Cana back in April! However----on this particular day, the bestie decided to order us, TWO. each.I was simply amazed---they were one of the best bloody marys I've ever had--- and granted I've havent had many (bc I  hate them)--- but THESE---- THESE WERE AMAZE-BALLS! And it helps they were served in mason jars..! uh, so cute! i was in love!I decided to one of the specials of they day which was the harvest grilled cheese--smoked ham, sharp cheddar cheese and apple butter---- OH----MY----WORD----this was one of the best sandwiches i've ever ever had....The flavor combination was out of this world, and the sandwich was gooey, warm, and just so dang good!! why didnt I think of this before!?Okay--so if this place wasnt so dang amazing, I would have dropped a star on the mere fact that they forgot about my besties order--well they didnt forget- but it got messed up---twice....and his food came about 10 min after mine....He ordered the other special- the pot roast sandwich, and he really liked it. The sandwiches were served with billy goat chips, which is always a plus!! and bestie enjoyed the bloody mary's so much that he didnt mind the mix up- and they offered him a free dessert--- how sweet....! So to say I will be back is an understatement-- i will return time and time again, and cant wait to take darling honey for lunch! :) :)++I will agree with others on the statement that I think this place is overpriced--for the sake of your customers---it wont hurt to bring the prices down a smidge++
<review# 214,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/6/2014,3/21/2014,66,130,1,9,6>What a way to end 2013 ;)Party of 5. Reservations honored immediately upon everyone's arrival.Friendly prompt knowledgeable service.Excellent food all around. My 22 oz. Cowboy Rib-Eye was perfection....watch out Ruth's ChrisCaramelized onion mashed potatoes yummy!The best Mac and Cheese I have ever had!! ( sampled husband's)All items ordered were brought out timely. No lags in between courses,All beverages delivered and replenished promptly.Nice warm rustic atmosphere, fireplace burning in lobby area. Lively bar.Woohoo! No complaints.When I ordered my big steak I told the waiter it was my last meal. The look he gave me was hilarious, but he did not question my remark. I knew cabbage soup was waiting for me tomorrow to start my new years resolution...again;)
<review# 215,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/31/2013,3/20/2014,73,136,2,8,3>Thursday night is mug night...what does this mean, you may be asking yourself? Let me tell you - bring in ANY size mug and have it filled with Bud Light or PBR for $4!  How can you beat that deal???Great neighborhood bar with real/relaxed people in the midst of what is becoming whore central in Soulard.  Amazingly, you can have a great bar with bartenders that have their clothes on, who woulda thunk?Great bands, an intimate venue & lovely patio, minus the meat market crowd offers a pleasant hideaway. Denny & Lynn are often on hand to say hi and have a chat plus they offer shuttles to and from most home games.This bar does offer breakfast, but please, if you have children, don't bring them to the BAR, it's still a bar.
<review# 216,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/5/2013,3/19/2014,17,22,5,10,7>Bear with me on this review.  I ate here about 4 weeks ago.  I've been extremely busy sleeping and staring out a window since then.  I have finally set aside the time to write about The Shaved Duck but I'm gonna need a lot of recall here.  Perhaps, Total Recall??If there is one thing that I remember vividly(besides the rotund stomach I sported on the way out) it is the Smothered Fries.  Holy potatoes, Aquaman!  It's like The Shaved Duck used Inception to figure out that rib meat and cheese sauce over crispy fries is something I dream of often.  A buddy of mine and I also ordered the Big Jimmy Sampler.  One piece of advice to The Shaved Duck: give 4 ribs instead of 3.  You're just inviting a dog fight for that last rib unless the sampler is meant for three people instead of two.  In that case, my friend and I better get our fat arses inside a gym.If I'm power ranking the contents of the Big James Sampler, here's how it'd look: 1) Brisket, 2) Pulled Pork, 3) Ribs, 4) Mac N'Cheese, 5) Pulled ChickenThe brisket makes you consider taking genetic science classes in order to understand the cloning process.  You will want to clone the last bite of brisket over and over so that you never run out.You may be wondering: Mac N'Cheese over Pulled Chicken?  What is this?  The BCS?  The chicken wasn't bad.  The mac attack was just that good.  The Shaved Duck puts an elegant spin on pigging out on swine.  It may not be the absolute best BBQ but as far as upscale BBQ goes, I can't imagine many places doing it better.
<review# 217,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/26/2013,3/18/2014,46,275,3,7,4>After only about a year after trying them at the Yelp Speakeasy party, was I finally able to get around to giving them a try.  We needed a place close to the Fox before we saw Elf. Since I'm the family yelp expert, they always turn to me to pick places.  Fountain got the nod.  We arrived right around lunch time, and it was fairly crowded.  Nothing horrible, but it was a little tight.  We luckily arrived just in time however it seems, because we were seated right away.  After us, there was quite the wait.  I stepped out of my shell a bit and got Blackhawk sandwich.  It was absolutely wonderful.  It had an excellent flavor, and the roast beef was cooked just like I like it.  The homemade chips were also a real treat.  I also got the Wicked martini, which basically was chocolate wasted heaven.  If I wasn't paying for everyone I would have gotten a few more of those wonders.  The rest of the family all liked their various sandwiches they got as well.  Sarah got two different egg creme's and they were both very good and refreshing.  I liked the staff as well too, they all seemed to be having fun at their jobs and were all very friendly and helpful.  All in all, I am quite ashamed it took me this long to try here.  I will be back in 2014 (especially since they gave us a present to bring back and open on our next visit).
<review# 218,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/6/2013,3/17/2014,43,228,2,8,4>This is one of the places that I love to take people whom aren't from here and they want to get a feel for what Saint Louis is, and it never disappoints at all! From the lovely vistas to the way the space is used it's great. I happened to love the Shakespeare festival or sledding down it's expanse in the winter!
<review# 219,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/29/2013,3/16/2014,99,408,,7,5>Easily one of the best meals I've had in St. Louis. We had the Hudson Valley Foie Gras with roasted peaches...exceptional! I could have ordered three of these to have for my entree! My husband's roasted beet salad also had well-balanced portions of fresh ingredients. For entrees, we ordered the rainbow trout and some sort of pork special. Both were perfectly cooked. The "sidekicks" on the plates were inventive and fit in with the overall flavor stories. We came on a weekday night. The place wasn't busy. I wasn't particularly fond of the decor...a bit old-fashioned, but other than that, I have no complaints. The cocktails were tasty - not overly sweet; they had a few favored local brewpub offerings for the beer lovers. Our server was knowledgeable and attentive.
<review# 220,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/16/2013,3/15/2014,122,526,2,7,7>Over the weekend I attended a Cardinals game with a large groups of friends who all managed to get seats spread out across the stadium instead of all together, someone had the idea to all meet up after the game at The Flying Saucer. I had been to the Memphis location in the past and enjoyed it and figured it would be a great choice, so shortly after the Cardinals impressive win over the Mariners we headed west one block.I looked over the menu and had a hard time decided, but I ultimately decided to try a Well's Banana Bread Beer, which had been highly recommended by another Yelper, but alas they were out. I ended up with a Cider, nothing that impressive in fact I cannot even remember what it was. Anyways my table decided to order the two soft pretzels and share them. This was a perfect appetizer to share, the pretzels were large and very tasty. I could only imagine if they offered a burger served on the same pretezls.Overall Flying Saucer offers an impressive beer selection, with limited food menu, however the beer is the real highlight. This is a great addition to downtown and I look forward to returning.
<review# 221,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/23/2010,12/31/2010,68,131,1,8,3>Even though I also have two dogs and a wonderful general veterinarian, I take our cat specifically to St. Louis Cat Clinic. The reviews by Rhonda S. and Saskia S. are 100% accurate. The doctors at SLCC are wonderful wonderful wonderful. I've had three of our cats as patients here and can't dream of taking them anywhere else. The staff is so friendly and help to calm down our Mickey once we arrive after his traumatic car ride. (NOT a fan of the car.) The care and individual attention is always topnotch. You will never feel as though your cat is "just another" chart and patient for them to deal with. Another great perk? There are resident-house cats that are always there roaming the lobby and halls. T-Rex has become our little friend and now any time I go to pick up food, my BF comes along just to get in his face time with Mr. T-Rex. Loves him!
<review# 222,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/25/2010,12/30/2010,129,280,3,6,3>This is the spot for Mexican food in St. Louis. Don't let people tell you otherwise.First off, it's got killer decoration going on, and there's a patio with a bar outside. Second, the drink specials seem to be pretty out of control, as we both got a goblet of sangria for $2 each and I saw an advertisement for $10 pitchers of margarita on Mondays. (I can't vouch for the margarita, but the sangria was good....though I wouldn't recommend getting hammered on it.) Third, the menu is freakin' HUGE and gives anyone more than enough selection.I frequented this place a lot back in the day, but then I moved out of state. I moved to California, land of EPIC Mexican yumminess. I'd like to think I became an enchilada snob of sorts. Recently, I moved back to St. Louis (with a California native in tow) and I got hit with a serious craving for chips and salsa one afternoon. Not knowing where to turn, I remembered this spot that I loved so many years before. I was apprehensive that it wouldn't be as good as I remembered, nor would it stack up to California Mexican, but I was SO wrong! It stacked up and THEN some!Twice we've been here since the move, and we loved it even more the second time. The first time, we stuck to the Vegetarian entrees, unaware that there were hidden gems in the menu. THIS time, we took the time to peruse while munching those OH-SO fresh, piping-hot chips and mouth-watering salsa bites. I settled on something from the appetizer menu (the Deluxe Quesadilla or something like that), with a cheese enchilada on the side. He got a main entree of two cheese-stuffed poblano chiles with beans and rice on the side. We were both VERY satisfied with our choices. My quesadilla was stuffed with cheese, mushrooms, and some sort of surprisingly VERY spicy salsa and was served with a huge dollop of sour cream and a huge dollop of fresh guacamole on a bed of shredded lettuce. It was devoured and I practically licked the place. (Really, same with the enchilada...they have EXCELLENT sauce!) He couldn't make it past one chile, as they were rather large BEASTS of food, but he agreed that it was very tasty.We were both really excited to find a Mexican place that stacks up to the places in California, as Mexican was the food that we found ourselves eating out for most often back home. I'll have to come back and try the margarita, but for now....my mouth is watering thinking about their chips and salsa. Seriously, the best you'll ever have!Oh, and for those of you wondering about price....I had that appetizer and a side. He had a main course entree. We both had a goblet of sangria. Our total pre-tip was around $19.
<review# 223,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/11/2010,12/29/2010,23,252,,5,2>Walking into Winslow's Home I felt for a minute like I was transported back to California; I could hardly believe I was still in St. Louis.  The items they were selling in the shop were definitely very unique and different.I got a special, the chicken pot pie, which was awesome.  The crust of the pie was flavorful and the chicken with vegetables inside tasted delicious.  Their omelet was very good, but nothing truly exceptional.  Both entrees came with a side salad, which was good.  The orange juice was freshly squeezed and tasted amazing.  The sandwiches they had looked so good, I look forward to trying them next time.  They also have fried chicken dinners on Tuesday nights, which I also hope to go to sometime.Prices were fairly reasonable for such high quality food, and our food came out pretty quick, this is a pretty cool place.
<review# 224,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/3/2010,12/28/2010,36,255,4,9,4>My boyfriend took me to this place as a surprise birthday dinner, so kudos & bf points to him, because this place was delicious!!!! :)Décor: It was sorta funny to drive into a neighborhood and find this nice restaurant on a dimly lit corner. Inside is very dark and very warm. Some people might describe it as 'romantic', but both of us didn't really get that feel. It was pretty busy on a Friday night so I don't think there was music, though I could have missed it. I would say it was more homey & cozy & dark than romantic. Oh, and I LOVED their menu, which is written on a little chalkboard (HINT: Appetizers are written on the back!)Service: I loved our waitress, and I'm pretty sure she liked us too. Haha, we just talked about stuff and she was SUPER familiar with the menu. When we were ready, she went through every item on the menu (which was like... 12? 15? items) and described what was in each dish in great detail. She told us they change it up every now and then so that keeps it all exciting.Food: Oh gosh, just thinking about it makes my mouth water- Beignets: OHMYGOSH, they're so teeny and yummy with the butter!! Soooo good. :)- Appetizer sampler (you choose like 4-5): Bleu Cheese Tart (I didn't really like it since it was so rich for me, but the bf loved it and he doesn't even like Bleu Cheese! Haha), Lobster Turnover (my FAVORITE! I ate his leftover half :P It was so crispy & scrumptious), Shrimp (It was okay. Warning: There's a toothpick in here. Bf didn't know.. lol) and there was one more thing I forgot we had *       Beet soup: Sounds disgusting right? I know, but I decided to give it a try even despite my bf's grimaces. Well, when it came.. it was SO YUMMY (and he agreed!!!). The color was beet red, so that shocked me a bit, but it was lightly creamy, and the beet taste was like a sweet afterthought. Beets are disgusting (in my opinion), but the way they made this, WOW!*       Bf got the salad and he enjoyed his*       Scallops with fried egg & peacakes: Scallops were very big and decently sized and I wasn't expecting too much, but it was nicely cooked & seemed fresh. The peacakes were my FAVORITE. Lightly crisp, chewy and the peas (like the beet in the beet soup) was like a nice surprising afterthought.*       Bone Marrow Dish: My bf got this, and I forgot what type of meat it was, but I remember the bone marrow part the most- they take out the bone marrow, season it up or something, stuff it back in and like cook it all together. Oh man, I am not doing this dish justice-you just have to hear your waiter/waitress describe it. I tried a few pieces and it was all very superb. I didn't really like the bone marrow, but that's just me (I've never had it before and that was my first time! Hehe)*       Strawberry Shortcake: SO DELICIOUS! Man, I almost don't want to describe it as to not ruin the surprise! Haha, so read on only if you don't want the surprise::: It's not like a regular cake. There were the nice flaky shortcake pastries on one side of the cake; some deliciously flavored (don't remember what flavor! It had little sugar crystals in them, I think??) ice cream on another side, and then the strawberry sauce with some kiwi seed bits (I know, right??) on another side. So with each bite, you combine it all and...... ahhhhhhhhh, BEST 'strawberry shortcake' rendition I've ever had.NOTE: All their beef is from grass-fed cows, so it's just juicier, more tender and natural, as is with all the rest of their food.Bottom Line: I wouldn't come here frequently or casually since it's out of my way but to show someone up at a nice place? This would be it and I thank my bf for finding it and taking me there!! :D
<review# 225,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/6/2010,12/27/2010,50,233,3,4,3>Ok, so I am not a sushi lover, so I didn't have sushi. I had the tempura, and it was AWESOME. Seriously. You should go here and order it for lunch. Right. Now.The rest of the people I was with raved about the sushi, too, so I'm guessing they loved it.The only thing I had to complain about here? The service was kind of weird. We had a reservation (although I really don't think it was necessary) and we waited for a long time before anyone came over to take a drink order. Plus, we had to ask to get water glasses and even then the water didn't come until AFTER they brought our regular drinks out.That was kind of strange but I will forgive them because I think I finally found a place where I can go when my husband is craving sushi.
<review# 226,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/4/2010,12/25/2010,21,91,7,7,4>Jade should pay me some kind of commission or something.  Since I've first tried it out a few weeks ago, I have had the menu on my desk.  A handful of curious co-workers saw it and tried it out too.  Then like herpes, Jade spread throughout the office and now only a few weeks later it is a regular lunch spot for half the people I work with.Jade fever stems mostly from their fantastic lunch special known as the Bento Box.  You get to choose an appetizer, entree, sushi roll (x2), vegetable, and side.  All for only 8 bucks!!  And you can double your sushi for only a dollar.  It's the kind of deal I would expect for a crappy hole in the wall joint.  But Jade is a really nice place with great food.Their General Tso chicken is good but their Sweet N' Sour chicken is some of the best I've ever had.  Their crab rangoon, white rice, and philly rolls don't disappoint either.  Did I mention that you can get all of this for only 8 freaking dollars?!I have not made it yet for dinner.  But looking at the menu, I can see a plethora of things I would want to try.  While they have a ton of sushi options, I have only had the philly roll.  It's pretty good but honestly it's hard to screw up a philly roll.  I will really have to make it out to dinner or an extended lunch someday and try more of their menu.If Jade is as good for dinner as they are for lunch, I could definitely give this place 5 stars.  But I don't feel I've had enough items or been here enough times to award 5 stars.  But I may update my review sooner if I get that commission check...
<review# 227,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/29/2010,12/24/2010,16,35,,5,3>This place brings back memories as well as makes new ones everyday.  Not to duplicate others reviews but if you're looking for classic Italian Deli's, you can't go wrong here.  So many varieties capped by a great list of specials really makes this place perfect.  Its more of a take out location as there really isn't much seating, but Forest Park is just a couple of minutes away so you can take a picnic and not be disappointed.  SALAMI, SALAMI, SALAMI, that is all I have to say.  They bring in all the best baked bread and ingredients from the area.  Honestly, it should be a stop on the tour of south city sandwiches, which is something we should think about starting.  Followed shortly by Southwest Deli, Mom's, and finishing at Blues City.
<review# 228,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/3/2010,12/23/2010,41,76,2,7,6>I was totally impressed with the way the Map Room handled a bridal shower that was held here. It was a perfect area to have it, out on the patio/garden. White lights are strung up high (bonus points for having them turned on in the daytime), with black iron tables and chairs. We were served plates of cheese/nuts/fruit and white and red sangria served from carafe's- and water served from empty wine like bottles... and adorable little cloth napkins with hand sewn embellishments.. I especially enjoyed the white sangria. Yum yum! Made me want to learn to make it myself! We also had cupcakes - a blue frosted one that benefited the Make a Wish Foundation, Tiramisu, and Carrot Cake. I chose the Tiramisu. To be honest, the cupcake looked better than it tasted- but oh well. It had a pretty dense cake like texture- and was definitely a sugar overload with the frosting. It did have a little cream center surprise in the middle and a spice chunk surprise on the bottom of the cupcake... Next time I'd really like to try a Mango pie/cake slice that I spied in the bakery case. I got a latte to go- and the lady was very helpful in helping me decide what flavors would blend with what. Totally appreciate that! I like suggestions. The latte tasted absolutely wonderful... though it had the surprise addition of whipped cream that I wasn't expecting, so that obviously helped. (Normally when I order a nonfat latte, there is no whip- or they ask, but ah well.) I imagine it might be kind of awkward in there, if it was crowded- because there isn't a lot of side wall space to lean on, if there were no chairs. But it's totally eclectic and the selections and service were wonderful. I can't wait to bring my friends here :)
<review# 229,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/9/2010,12/22/2010,53,95,,3,2>We chose Kota for our 'regular-dinner-get togethers' last Saturday night with friends. It is one of many 'to-try' choices in my Yelp bookmarks. For a party of 8, there was no trouble getting a table as the Fox was vacant this weekend. I am sure this is a much different venue with the pre-show crowds. Nevertheless, love the location of this place and the real city-feel you get in Grand Center. Suffice it to say, having lived in the city for many years, Grand Center really has come to life.The service was aces, with a very attentive hostess, bartender and server. Again, it was a slower night. The waitress even walked us to the table pointing carefully to the short set of stairs. The decor is tasteful with carefully selected art and a huge row of colored glass and low lighting to add ambiance. Very comfortable space.Trying to describe 'New American' style of cuisine invites some laughter, but indeed it's interpretation can vary depending on the chef. Someone in our party got excited for the cajun dishes offered, another the variety of vegetarian choices. Presentation was good. We started with the calamari, ahi tuna tostadas  and stuffed mushrooms for the table. Our entire group seemed pleased. The tostadas have been reviewed before, and they are that good - not the best by any means - but served on a plantain chip gave this app a good flavor.For the main course, I ordered the Voodoo Shrimp Pasta (hickory fired shrimp with squid ink fettuccini in jalapeno cream sauce, with roasted corn and poblano peppers). And it appeared every one asks the server what 'squid ink' fettuccini  is; simply by the look on her face when we did the same. For the record, it is just dark-colored noodles. The flavors were great. The cream sauce brought out the bite and made the shrimp rather tasty and juicy. Good dish. We had a duck connoisseur of sorts on-hand and commented on trying that the coconut curry duck linguini was very lacking. It was the only dish that offered us an option of leftovers. The jambalaya - made with mussels - was said to be very good.Before I forget, Koda offers Delirium Tremens on tap here which is an excellent Belgian pale ale if you like yours strong.Because of it's proximity to the Fox, I am sure the mood of the restaurant changes between casual and semi-formal, depending on the night. My recommendation, to soak in the surroundings and your meal, go when there is not a show. But alas, it fits the bill for a perfect dining option where you can where your jeans and yet eat a refined, creative menu.
<review# 230,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/12/2010,12/21/2010,13,109,3,7,6>Let's get this out of the way now -- if you're planning on going to Bissinger's Chocolate Experience, you probably already know that you're going to get top-notch desserts that are going to cost you twice as much as you'd usually pay. And what's more, you're probably willing to shell out the extra shekels because you know you're going to get a dessert that's epic in scope -- a dessert that you'll remember well into your old age, and perhaps even tell your grandchildren about. Really, the only recommendation you require is what dish to get. And honestly, they're all good. You're going to leave happy. That's all you need to know.But if you don't have that a priori knowledge, let me assure you that I'm not overhyping this place. It's an extremely upscale dessert bar in the beautiful Maryland Plaza section of the Central West End. The store sells Bissinger's chocolates (which are themselves worth raving about), but it also offers a casual dessert bar experience where the servers are pleasant, the decor is stimulating, and the desserts are incredible.Here's my advice for those who might consider going here: take your friends (or your date) to dessert instead of dinner. The prices won't seem so high that way (it's $9-12 for most items), and you'll have more time to relax and enjoy the excellent wines and other adult beverages that Bissinger's has to offer. If you spoil your dessert with dinner, you might not be able to finish your rich and rewarding dessert... and that would be a true shame indeed.
<review# 231,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/28/2012,4/14/2013,65,153,8,7,8>Do you have a quarter? My mother told me to call her when I fell in love...and I think I'm about to propose to a Midwestern Steer named "Mmmmm".Sonofabitch! What a great burger. I was ravenous when I went for lunch, and that burger was so good that I had to force myself to take my time with it so that I wouldn't forget about it a decade later.Go here. The other reviews cover the basics. Yes, tables. Yes, it's nice. Yes, it's a sit-down. Yes, good service (great service, actually. Get Molly. She knew her menu well).  Blah,blah. If you come here for anything, come for the burgers.I had the Breakfast of Champions burger. American cheese, roast tomato-bacon jam (who knew?!), and topped with a sunny-up egg. On the side you get a great Hollandaise sauce. I was a little bummed that fries weren't automatic, but you really don't need them. The burger was moist, delicious,and filling.However, if you feel you need fries, get the beautiful sweet potato fries as an appetizer. The maple cream sauce is soooo damn good.Besides the other burgers--which I plan to meet in the future--they have a good beer selection, a better draft selection, and a DAILY happy hour.I'm a quick fan,and I look forward to coming back here to fall in love all over again...and again.
<review# 232,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/5/2012,4/13/2013,25,58,3,7,4>Lesson learned - no gift compares to a couple bionic apples and/or box of chocolate covered strawberries. I've given them out a few times as random gifts - engagement parties, housewarmings (pretty much any event where everyone else is bringing wine) and they've always been a big hit. Highly recommend the Grand store - they are quick and friendly, and you get to see the iconic 'Merb's Candies' painting on the south side of the building. #ShopLocal
<review# 233,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/8/2012,4/12/2013,75,288,5,10,6>Oh my gosh, i love cheap delicious things. So, 6:45 am, I am out the house, heading over here. By the way, it's in the middle of nowhere, if you're not familiar with the area, it's in a big factory, literally near no other businesses, across some train tracks. Use the GPS. They're open Friday - Sunday, 7am to 12pm. Seriously, if you want to good stuff, get there AT 7. And there WILL be a line. Bread is either $3/lb or a loaf. Oh, the muffins. Those blueberry muffins, seriously, always buy at least 1 more than you think you need, because someone's gonna eat another one after tasting it. And that granola is amazing too, cranberries, nuts, crunchy-ness.Freshly baked bread, muffins and those pretzel thingies. Make room in the freezer and stock up on the good stuff.
<review# 234,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/30/2012,4/11/2013,109,200,7,4,5>The people who know me know I love to have a good time and eat great food.  The people who are closest to me know that I sometimes get myself into...let's say... interesting situations because of this habit.My buddy Ryan was in town because of the holiday break so we decided to go out for lunch.  I decided we would go try Hamburger Mary's because I have wanted to try it for a while and well...Ryan is my go to buddy for eating food that will kill you.We arrived at Hamburger Mary to hear a bunch of loud music and what looks to be women in skimpy clothing dancing.  Ryan and I were all about this because we both like crappy 70's and 80's music.  We were seated fast and started looking at the menu.Well about 30 seconds into looking at the menu I notice that the women dancing looked a little bit odd.  Something was just not right about this situation...  I lean over to Ryan and say "Hey Ryan, are those women actually men dressed in drag?"  He said no, but after 20 or 30 seconds he changed his mind. Unbeknownst to us he and I stumbled upon a tradition, which happens every other Sunday during brunch called "Mary's Gospel Drag Brunch".  Yes, because of my need to explore new places around the STL area Ryan and I got to watch a Drag show complete with singing, dancing, and plenty of up skirt views while we ate our lunch.  And you know what... I had a blast!  LolNow you might remember that I said I enjoy eating food that is going to kill me with Ryan.  Well my meal was a French Toast Burger (cooked medium) with tots.  Yes, my friends, you read that right a French toast burger.  It is a cheeseburger with Swiss cheese, a large amount of crumbled bacon, special sauce..... BETWEEN 2 PIECES OF FRENCH TOAST!! OMGz my diet died because of this place.  And let me tell you... It was great!  I highly recommend it.Ryan got the Chocoholics Anonymous Stuffed French Toast.  What is that you ask?  Well raise your hand if you like thick cut brioche.  Keep them up if you like chocolate chips.  Keep them up if you like whipped cream, and powdered sugar.  Finally keep them up if you want this to be stuffed with a generous overflowing amount of Nutella.  If your hand is still up you will enjoy this dish!The servers here were very nice however it took a long time to get our order taken and I never got a refill on my water.  Other than these two downfalls I cannot complain about this meal.  It was delicious, and made me laugh a ton.  I look forward to coming back here to try their full menu.  I am tempted to give this a 3/5 stars because of the slow service however I am going to go with a 4/5 star review because I am still full and I am happy that I have another fun story I can tell about my adventures in eating food.
<review# 235,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/12/2012,4/10/2013,91,379,,8,7>This place has been on my list of must visits for awhile and thank to Stephanie S. I made it by finally to see her off.  I got there earlier in the evening to see others come in and fill the place up giving it a good feel of energy.  The decor overall and the layout I like and the two tables up front are a must see.  I definitely had fun playing the 3 skee ball machines in the back and did okay when playing one of the pinball machines.  A few of us also walked down the street at one point to get food from the Maya Cafe to bring back and while the food was pretty decent, being able to bring the food in was pretty nice.  The bartender also made me a really good Long Island which of course helped to enjoy the evening even more.  I will definitely keep this place on my list of places to meet up when in the area.
<review# 236,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/29/2013,4/9/2013,15,68,4,6,5>Great place in South City - with a very surprising beer menu.Some friends recommended this place for beer, so I thought we'd check it out after a disastrous attempt at making something at home. I was pleasantly surprised in every way.The good: - The beer list is great. They had Hopslam on draft for a reasonable price, and a number of other beers I was eager to try. That doesn't happen often. Also had $3 Missouri drafts on Monday after 7 pm - including Schlafly, Perennial, and 4 Hands. Not too shabby. 20ish drafts, all of which are craft. You'll find something you want to try.- The burger was spectacular. It was just a standard burger - no fancy schmancy stuff like hand massaged cows - but exactly the kind I grew up eating. Hand pattied, cooked, to order, nicely salty and juicy, and served on a good thick bun - it was the essence of the summertime burger. Even better? The 5 oz version, with a side, is only $5. That's ridiculously cheap.- Fries were OK, served with parmesan cheese sprinkled on top, which worked for me.- My wife's "side salad" was served in a huge bowl, and looked very fresh. - Multiple modern, large TVs with the games on. Not much last night, but they offer 50 cent wings and $12 (6 bottle) buckets on Blues games. That's pretty sweet.The not as good:- If you're a snob, you may not like the place. If you like good beer, good burgers, and reasonable prices, you'll love it. It's super casual.- The parking lot is horrid. It does look like they're in the midst of remodeling it, as part was recently graded as mud, part had a gravel base down, and the remainder is relatively OK.
<review# 237,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/4/2013,4/8/2013,61,210,2,4,4>Only pottery place I have visited around this area, but It was really nice.  Set up inside was spacious and looked like they had an area in the back for parties, when we were there they were having a kids birthday party back there, which seemed really cool.  The prices didn't seem that bad at all and you can take as long as you want using as many colors of paint for the low 1 time use fee.  and they have specials, ladies nights and even coupons you can find on-line to make this even more affordable.  So if you are looking for a place to spend some quality family time this would be a fun different place to go.  the staff here was very friendly and helpful, being our first time, she showed us everything we needed to get started and explained everything about the place very nice and clearly.Defiantly give this place a GO !! :)
<review# 238,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/8/2013,4/7/2013,15,111,2,6,5>I've finally made it here during the evening and now, I think it's due for an update.  I am definitely more impressed with what was on their dinner menu more than lunch, however, it was pretty busy both at the lounge side and the dinning area.  We came in around 7:30 but we didn't have to wait for a table, there were a few open ones but the waitress took a while to come to the table.  The host did take our drink orders and after around 20 minutes or so, the waitress finally came over and took the appetizer order.  We had their oyster casino which was wonderful and their aged steak which had a really good flavor.  Their mashed/whipped potatoes though was really great!  I loved it and I had their beef and vegetable soup which had a hint of spice to it and it was well-flavored.  For dessert, we had blueberry cheesecake which was rich and quite sweet, especially the blueberry part embedded within the cheesecake.  As I've mentioned before, they always do nice presentations with their food items and I wasn't disappointed coming back here.  The service could have been a little faster but I wasn't really in a hurry or starving to death so it was fine.  There were additional staff who have been more than helpful in certain situations which was nice.I am going to bump my rating to a 4-star because the food did turn out a lot better than the lunch time experience.
<review# 239,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/19/2012,4/6/2013,46,47,4,4,5>4 guys walk in on a Saturday night.  4 leave a couple hours later very satisfied.We stopped in here for dinner around 7 and it was slammed with people.  The energy and atmosphere told you that many of them had been here for some time enjoying the libations.  After a minute of searching we pulled together a couple of high tops and got to work.Being a 'chili hound' I got an order of that along with the Mac n Cheese which came highly recommended.  I also tried one of the awesome yet regrettably named "atomic turds".  Hollowed out jalapeño with meat and cheese on the inside.  Dynamite!!  Chili was stellar.  Iron Barley is still better but it was really thick and meaty.  HIghly recommended.The Mac n' Cheese is as advertised.  Fantastic.  They crush Billy Goat Chips on the top which as a great texture variant and salt :)The other guys all got BBQ and murdered it all.  I will be back soon.  Mark my words.Only con:Some loud bros at the barurbandictionary.com/defi…
<review# 240,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/11/2012,4/5/2013,108,88,8,11,6>Chinatown Express is my go to sick food.  You can dine in or drive thru.  This is Americanized food, so don't get all pissy that it's not authentic.  When I'm sick and don't want to get everything and everyone around me germ-y, I choose the drive thru.  I'm not sure what it is about this place that makes me crave it when I'm sick, but it happens every time.  I'm working my way through a cold and I didn't feel like cooking so I decided to hit the drive thru and get some dinner.  The portions are huge so you will have left overs for lunch the next day.  Entrees come with fried rice.  I usually order steamed rice rather than the fried.  The sweet and sour chicken is a favorite and the sesame chicken is another go to for me.  They offer hot braised chicken with or without the bone.  Watch out for the spicy peppers, they're hot!  The eggs rolls are pretty good, but the crab rangoon are my favorite.  They come two in an order.There is nothing fancy about this place other than  they have plants for sale in the dining area.  Weird thing I noticed about this place - there are no women who work here, except for the owner.  The service is quick and friendly.  A funny thing about this location is that there are Mexican guys cooking the Chinese food and they even yell the order to them in Spanish.  Pretty cool!  Now that's what I call team work!  Did I mention this place has a DRIVE THRU?!  I really love that I don't have to get my lazy butt out of the car to get my food.  They also deliver.
<review# 241,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/23/2010,3/20/2010,98,1037,1,2,1>I've gone to Jack Patrick's on many occasions before or after Blues/Rams/Cardinals games.  It's properly positioned equidistant from each stadium, but not close enough where you can't find cheap or free parking, which makes this a perfect place to meet before or after games.  And as David B pointed out, they don't increase prices on game days like Hrabosky's or Shannon's.  Although it can get crowded, it never feels overwhelming like the aformentioned bars.  I almost decided NOT to put my review in for this place... don't you like those places that seem like they are your little hidden gem?  Nobody seems to know about this place.  And it's a 3am bar!If the bar is crowded, my recommendation is to order buckets.  They provide a per-beer discount and you won't find yourself cramped between people in the small space by the bar.  You have to get your food from a different concession-stand like window by the juke-box.  They give you a number and bring out the food when it's ready.  The wings, fried cheese cubes, and garlic chicken pizza are good.  Especially when you're in the midst of getting your drink on.  They have the standard Keno service which can be a fun time waster, and plenty of arcade games and pool tables.  Tip: There are paper cups at the bar if you need to take your soda or iced-tea (wink wink) with you on the way to the game. Their Facebook page states that they are closed on Sunday except when there's a home Rams or Cardinals game.  However if the game is early, you still won't be able to meet/drink there before the game.  Trust me, I've been at the corner of 10th and Olive at 11am many a Sunday summer mornings scratching my head wondering where to go.Ha ha!  Yelp just asked me if this place has a coat check.  Hell no!
<review# 242,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/26/2010,3/18/2010,38,146,2,2,1>I received a coupon in the mail from Favazza's after seeing their catering department at a bridal show last summer. It was a steep enough discount to entice me to go eat there that night. So I swooped up my Mom and 13 year old brother and headed to The Hill.  I'm glad we went!  It was quiet in the restaurant, but it was pretty early on a weekday.  The service was very friendly and able to recommend dishes for my super picky brother. For appetizers, we got cheesy garlic bread (rich and greasy- great for kids/teens!) and calamari (excellent, but not as good as Guido's). For dinner, I had the special pasta of the night- it had salmon, shrimp, and asparagus (which are three of my favorite things in the world. SCORE!).  It was delicious and came in ample portions. In fact, I was stuffed a few bites in from the appetizers and the rich creamy sauce.  My brother got spaghetti, which was gross. Really sweet, sticky sauce (that's what she said... ew did I just make a "that's what she said" reference re: my brother's food?!? ugh). My Mom got the pasta tutto mari (one of my favorite pasta's) and it was good, but not as good as Bartolino's.  Overall, a good dining experience. We liked the food enough to book Favazza's to cater my wedding in May. :)
<review# 243,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/17/2009,3/16/2010,72,204,4,6,5>I tried a rum roll, an amarretto cookie, a neopolitan cookie, and some german chocolate cake. Don't look at me like that...I was with a group of women!!!By far, the rum roll was my fav. I believe this is also a cannoli? I'm not sure, actually if they're the same thing, but if they are, best cannoli in the city!What else could you want in a bakery?? It was cheap, tasty, and local. The rule is, if you get it on the Hill, chances are you won't be dissappointed. It's a rule for a reason!
<review# 244,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/11/2010,3/15/2010,17,67,1,6,4>I've been very impressed with the sushi here -- the quality, the selection and the inventiveness. Although I still have some more to try, I would say at this point, this has become my favorite STL sushi stop. I especially recommend the Clayton Roll and the Fox Roll, and if you're up for it, the Baby Octopus Salad. It's got LOTS of whole octopi, which is definitely one of my favorite foods, whereas I feel like most places really skimp when you order it. With a little hot sake and edamame to start with, it really hits the spot. And the servers are friendly too.Note: It does seem to get relatively busy on Friday nights, but we've walked right in with no wait on weeknights.
<review# 245,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/20/2010,3/14/2010,21,70,3,4,2>It's pretty delicious. My fave is the Western Addition (but if you go to the one in Kirkwood, the one with the meatballs on it is definitely a contender).The deep dish, cornmeal crust is really good.No deserts except actual pie and who wants pie? Not me.It's got Obama's stamp of approval for whatever that's worth to you.
<review# 246,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/9/2009,3/13/2010,114,55,2,6,2>The reviews of Tin Can are always pretty varied.  Some people absolutely love the place and others think it's just a manufactured dive bar.  It took a while for Zack and me to warm up to the place, but once we did, we were sold.  If you live close, this is a great go-to bar when you don't feel like venturing out to some place new.  They keep it simple and it works.Cheap drinks, great specials, live music, and good food, what more could you want?  The food is great too.  I recommend the Turkey Jack, the Mini Corn Dogs, and the Almond Chicken Tenders (but not all at once).  And their fries have the best seasoning, you don't even need ketchup.  They have a kids menu and some specials, but I wouldn't suggest bringing your kids.  At least not in the evening due to the smoke.Anyway, last week we were clued in on the Tin Can VIP membership.  The card costs $10 but you also get a $10 coupon for your next visit.  Then every time you use your card at any Tin Can location, 10% of all your purchase goes onto your VIP card and you can spend those points just like you would cash (at any Tin Can location).  That includes food, beer, wine and liquor.  Zack and I have used it three times and we've already racked up over $8.  It's a great way for Tin Can to reward regular customers and possibly get some more (like us!).
<review# 247,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/15/2009,3/12/2010,110,87,3,4,2>I like the feel that this place exudes.  The tables and chairs feel like home at my parent's place, that is if it were in some villa in the countryside.  The darkened restaurant lit mainly by candles led to even more of the overall experience and helped keep ugly people attractive.  The menu is simple and in HUGE portions.  The pizzas, sans provel, were great and had a crunchy outer crust with plenty but not overloaded with toppings or cheese.  The host of the evening couldn't have raved any more about the risotto.  Pricing was reasonable as a table of 7 didn't break the bank.  The odd thing about this place was that there is no bar but a tiny corner with about 4-5 high top round tables with no chairs and you ordered your drink from the hostess to be transferred to your table bill when you were seated.  All in all, this place should not be overlooked or it should make it's way to the hill.
<review# 248,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/24/2010,3/11/2010,15,130,8,8,5>This is a great range. The new facility is very modern and clean. They have a pretty decent selection of guns to rent, and I appreciate the policy of $10 per hour to rent any number of guns (1 at a time) off The Wall. The staff is friendly and knowledgeable, and don't seem to be the type to be full of half-truths they overheard from their 2nd cousin who was a "Navy SEAL." They have a good amount of lanes to keep things moving even when it's busy, although some days are worse than others when it comes to the wait.
<review# 249,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/5/2010,3/10/2010,42,129,1,4,4>LOVED Harvest!  I could not have asked for a better experience.  The atmosphere is warm and cozy, and the servers and staff were very attentive and knowledgeable.  I also love how the chef uses local ingredients and alternative power for his restaurant.  Very cool.I had the beef tenderloin special, which was melt-in-your-mouth fantastic.  Cooked perfectly, atop a bed of delicious garlic mashed potatoes and the best spinach I've had in my life thusfar.  Around this was a cabernet glaze, which worked absolutely perfectly with the tenderloin.  Heaven!If we're getting super picky, the spring greens salad could have been a bit more flavorful, but the herbed-goat cheese toast that accompanied it more than made up for it.  And the greens were totally fresh, so it really didn't matter.  Like I said, only if we're getting super picky...My mom had the scallops, which had great flavor.  Unfortunately, we didn't have room for dessert. (Kicking myself over that now.)  But that's just one more reason to go back and try more of Harvest's seasonal delicacies!  Oh, and some of their cocktails.  They had a huge cocktail menu that looked freaking fantastic!
<review# 250,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/22/2009,3/9/2010,57,42,4,9,7>I'm on a mission to hit each of the restaurants in and around my neighborhood.  Because I live in Benton Park, this should be enjoyable.Thus far it has.  I hit Frazer's up last night.  One, it was open on a Monday.  Two, from yelper's, it should be good.  I'm not at all disappointed.We decided to to an appitizer night - you know, skip the 9oz filet, and do the american tapas...Four apps, four wins.Vino - duh - we're out of the gates (good bottle of zin, not expensive).Started off with the seafood chowder (in a cup, told it was filling ... is was) - excellent. Check 1Continued with Carpaccio - nice - not the best, but way up there.  Check 2Made the turn with the mixed grill kabob, this one was really a winner.  Subtle mix of seafood and meat - really worked well.  Check 3The final stretch was Oysters on the half shell (six, not twelve).  Amazingly fresh - I mean really - here we are in St. Louis and these critters were digging only hours ago.This was a wonderful meal, in a great environment.  So far, I'm really loving the Benton Park restaurant scene.
<review# 251,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/16/2010,6/4/2010,41,145,6,5,6>If I could write odes or even haikus, I would for Vincent's. A little suspicious of the neighborhood shop initially, Vincent's has eventually become my own personal savior, rescuing me from nights of PBJs and macaroni because I'm too lazy to venture to the store. Given, I can see it from my back porch, but their extremely reasonably priced vegetables, and one-of-everything appeal has given me no reason not to cook dinner every night. This still doesn't validate 5 stars, I understand. But let me tell you what does...BACON BY THE SLICE!!!!!!Yes, the friendly and accomodating meat counter staff will sell you (and all your other cooking-for-one friends out there) 5 slices, 10 slices, or however much you'd like. As a passionate but not overwhelming consumer of pork, I appreciate that I can purchase precisely the quantity  I will eat rather than getting a package and half of it going bad. Bacon by the slice!!!It almost feels like one of the happy chapters in a Vonnegut book. My internal clock has aligned with the closing hours of Vincent's to the extent that I can tell you when it is 8:05 pm on any given day. It's when I start getting hungry. I lived 2 houses from a Trader Joe's in Seattle last year, and my excitement at living 2 houses from Vincent's is palpably stronger in ways that only individual ice cream sandwiches (69 cents apiece), zucchini (85 cents apiece), and 5 pieces of bacon (89 cents) can measure.Hail Vincents!
<review# 252,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/8/2010,6/2/2010,116,188,7,10,6>This place gets 5 stars because it consistenly delivers one of the most delicious and satisfying food experiences I've ever had. I only ever get one thing here. Everything else is probably great, but once you find perfection, there's no reason to stray.Step 1: Order the gyro sandwich. It's just a pita pocket (white or wheat) stuffed with quality gyro meat, fresh cucumber, red onion, and a tomato slice. Cost is around $6.50. Wait time is about 3 minutes.Step 2: From the small freezer, get a container of the tzatziki (white) sauce and the hot (red) sauce. These are both made fresh by the restaurant. YOU MUST GET BOTH OF THESE SAUCES FOR THE PROPER EXPERIENCE. DO NOT DISOBEY ME. I AM F*CKING SERIOUS ABOUT THIS.Step 3: Apply the tzatziki and the hot sauce to the top of your sandwich. The hot sauce is quite spicy so go easy on it at first. Use a pita chip (comes with the sandwich) to blend the sauces together and spread them on the meat.Step 4: Take your first bite. Close your eyes and listen to the angels sing as you chew. Don't forget to breathe.Step 5: Try to compose yourself and enjoy the rest of your gyro sandwich, re-applying both sauces as necessary. Appreciate the wonderful compact shape of the sandwich which makes it easy to eat without getting your hands dirty or having stuff fall out.Step 6: Once you're finished call an old friend and tell them how much you appreciate them.I eat about one of these a week and the magic has not worn off. I doubt it ever will.Side notes: The hummus and falafel are great here, and you can get sides of both. The owner is cool and has tons of personality. RFT & Sauce is available to read. They also sell pre-made hummus and other middle eastern stuff.Also, do NOT be seduced by the gyro platter. If you get this, you have to build the sandwich yourself and it is a big pain in the ass. Order the sandwich and let them make it. They do it right.
<review# 253,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/3/2010,6/1/2010,238,242,4,12,4>I don't know where to start...I feel like a teenager who fell in love for the first time. I mean seriously...this place is off the hook! I think I've found my favorite restaurant of 2010 and like a teenager in love, I will blindly overlook the imperfections of this place and make excuses on it's behalf.So let's start with those imperfections and get it out of the way so we can get to the important stuff: If you are in a hurry for a grab and go meal, then this isn't the place for you.  The service was a bit slow on my visit, however the way I look at it is that it adds to the authenticity of the place. It took maybe 15 minutes to get the bill from out waiter, which was mildly annoying, but not enough to break this love affair.Now on to the good stuff: the food!  The cuisine is Nicaraguan and many dishes feature the plantain which is a type of banana that can be served sweet or starchy depending on the ripeness.  When it's still green, it can be cooked like a potato...fried, boiled, baked, roasted, mashed...etc.  I've eaten a lot of plantain having lived in Africa, but for some it can be an acquired taste.  I ordered the repochetas (fried tortilla folded in half with cheese in it) for an appetizer and it was perfectly crisp and topped with slaw.  Great for sharing as you get 3 per order.  Our waiter brought out 2 homemade sauces which can be used on any dish.  One is a red salsa type sauce that has a spicy kick to it.  The other is a mild green sauce that is equally delicious.  A small dish of sliced jalapenos also comes with the 2 sauces if you want to kick it up an extra notch.  For my main course, I ordered the plantain sandwich or "plantaino loco" with chicken (also available with beef).  I highly recommend this dish, which consists of a fried plantain sliced longways in half making a sort of sandwich stuffed with juicy & tender seasoned chicken and cheese.  The beans and rice and slaw that came with it were fresh and tasty.  Don't forget the red sauce, I put it on everything I ate!  My friends were also impressed with their dishes.  One ordered the whole tilapia which looked perfectly cooked.  She ate everything except the head and bones.  My other friend ordered the beef empanadas which I sampled and they were as impressive as my dish.  We were also given a plate of fried plantain chips.  I'm not sure if it came with the fish or if it was for everyone, but we all loved the chips.  I woke up this morning thinking about the plantain sandwich and am planning a return visit very soon.  I'm going with a strong 5 stars on this place strictly based on the food and regardless of the semi-slow service.
<review# 254,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/13/2010,5/30/2010,50,233,,7,3>My husband is from central Louisiana, so it's always tricky for us to go to a "New Orleans" or "Bayou"-themed restaurant. It rarely works out and is usually not spicy enough for him.But he had a craving for seafood last night and I looked up this place. We were suspious because of the location, and I'm not a HUGE fish/seafood fan anyway, but we really enjoyed Gulf Shores! My husband was especially impressed by the seasoning on the table from an obscure small town in Louisiana.He had the wrap, I had the cornmeal crusted fried Catfish. Mine was great -- tasted fresh, was hot and crunchy, not slimy at all. I didn't have any of his, but he ate the whole thing (the portions are HUGE), so he must have liked it. He says we will go back, so I bet we will!My only complaint about the place, and the reason I am tempted to do three stars, is because of the service. The waiters all seemed to be hating life. The service wasn't slow, but it wasn't friendly really.Oh, and the calamari were overcooked -- they were super crunchy, but you couldn't tell there was calamari inside!!!Next time, we'll try dessert.
<review# 255,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/17/2010,5/29/2010,30,106,4,6,4>De-lic-ious. This place was so fun and it definately is "wild."  4 of us pretty much ordered everything. Asparagus with duck egg hollandaise sauce, goat cheese fritter (it's hard to get this wrong, but still great), something that ends with "cigar" and the ribs were my favorites. The crab cakes are very corny (the vegetable) and I hate to say that there was a tiny piece of crab shell in mine (but that's what we do on yelp). I'm a wine drinker but the cocktail list looked very interesting...I will have to try "The Bad Idea" sometime...The ambiance is pretty fun, kind of a "Day of the Dead" theme. The staff is really friendly and attentive. I would definitely recommend this place and I will definitely be going back soon!
<review# 256,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,4/1/2010,5/28/2010,110,87,6,8,4>I've played this 27 hole course with 4 different people from out of town and they all say the same thing.  "This is a city course in the middle of the city?".  It's a pretty nice course at a decent price.  It also helps that as you play you can gawk at people jogging around the park.  It's kept relatively good shape as I've played a lot of badly kept city courses.  This can be played medium length to very short.The greens could use some work and there are several holes where cars and the public are in play so you have to be either good or lucky that you don't hit them.  There is a decent selection in the pro shop at not terrible pricing.  The club house is ok and beer prices aren't in the bend you over range.... which is always a good thing.
<review# 257,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/11/2010,5/27/2010,11,126,4,7,3>I'm glad Cafe Cioccolato isn't open late on the weekends, I would come in and buy $50 worth easy and wake up sick.Wow, amazing chocolate that seems like you're getting the finest quality in the world.It's really a quaint place to come to sit and relax.They have a full bar and live music on the weekends, but I haven't been able to hang out here yet.
<review# 258,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,5/9/2010,5/26/2010,75,425,5,7,6>Since moving here in December I've been looking forward to the Farmer's Market scene. Everyone has something to say about them and while I'm not the "locally grown or die" hippy chick, I like to support my local growers and expand my culinary visions. Oh the ideas that develop while walking from stand to stand. Which I could have done yesterday morning, if only I had far far more cold hard cash. $6 for a small basket of strawberries? $12 for a tub of homemade pesto? $7 for a scone?! Are you mad? So, yes, my delight was soon replaced with confusion and self doubt. Clearly my neighbors make more than I thought they did, yet they still can't seem to afford to mow their lawns... hmm, a point for another day perhaps. So I settled on some spinach pasta, chicken, a less expensive pesto, asparagus, and some delicious bagels. I have a plan to slowly eat my way through the market, one vendor at a time. The crepe stand appeared to be a big hit, or so I judge from the 10 people long line. The grilled cheese sandwich galore gentleman also had his hands full with 8 hungry customers. I'll have to return for those treats. I plan to come early with my wallet and bag in hand next week, but I plan on steering clear of those expensive impostor farmers.
<review# 259,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/22/2010,5/25/2010,384,258,4,3,3>My friend just held his 29th Birthday party here.  Did you know there is an upstairs???  Well duh, I did not.  There is a door leading there RIGHT when you walk in....normally I'm not getting there until about 1:30 AM so my ability to notice just about anything at that time is greatly hindered.They provided the food and busing service all night.  They also let you buy drink cards for your guests so they can just present those,For the party we had vegetarian toasted ravioli, pretzels w/ Gouda cheese sauce, and chicken nuggets (which I've never had before there and they were AWESOME!!)The room is a good size with lots of tables and chairs.  Good enough room for lots of people and even a band!Later that night they opened up another bar area right in the room so no one had to go back downstairs.  Across the hall there is another room the same size with a pool table and dart boards.I know this will definitely be my next party area suggestionStill can't hand out 5 stars ....but ONLY because it's still a smoking bar.  Sorry.
<review# 260,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/23/2010,5/24/2010,57,42,3,5,4>I almost cannot express what a fantastic time was to be had at SBAC last evening. Amateur boxing, Golden Gloves qualifying, Kids and coaches working towards a goal and putting on a great show. Even if you're not a fan of pugilism, you'd enjoy this show. This isn't brutal, its not wrestling at the chase, it is quality boxing by kids who are amateurs, but certainly have skill. SBAC seat quite a few, has a full bar and serves up some damn good burgers and dogs. It seams that almost every seat is ringside. Great outing for something different.
<review# 261,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/17/2013,7/24/2013,60,293,3,5,3>In my opinion there is nothing better in the world than some great food and a great collection of Scotch after a crappy day at work.  I can tell it's been a bad day when my wife insists on taking me here.  First off their Scotch selection is amazing, and their bartenders know their Scotch.  On more than one occasion I've put myself in their hands for picking a new single malt to try and I've not been let down yet.  Come in on Thursdays and you get drams for the price of shots.  Not only do they have a great selection of single malts, but they make one of the best Old Fashion's i've ever had.  On to the food, I've had several items off their menu and I've not had a bad thing yet.  If you want something authentic go with the Shepard's Pie or the Mince and Tatties.  Their Fish and Chips is also hard to pass on.  I'm always wanting to try their duck dish but I've yet to get there yet.  If i could afford it I would come here at least once a week, if nothing else just to have a drink, but alas I cannot afford that so I'll just have to be content with making it in about once a month.
<review# 262,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/24/2013,7/23/2013,317,728,16,39,48>I just got fired. Dr. Naughton, my medical oncologist, doesn't want to see me anymore.I'm 15 years out from breast cancer. Now my chances of getting breast cancer are like the normal woman my age. Now, if I can just figure out what "normal" is! YIPPEE!!I went in for an early morning appointment. Blood draw first, which was totally painless (using a butterfly), and is usually a big huffy deal for me (meaning I generally hyperventilate). Not this time.Then to see Dr. Naughton and his nurse practitioner, both of whom are so personable, friendly and knowledgeable.And left with a clean bill of health! What a glorious relief!
<review# 263,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/2/2013,7/22/2013,9,16,2,12,9>This review is for their Sunday brunch.The Hubs and I took our daughter (LBH) to the Sunday brunch at Onesto today.  it was everything I hoped it would be.We were greeted at the door as soon as we walked in.  I love that.  I also immediately noticed the omelet station and was able to read the omelet mix in options that were clearly printed on a sign right at the station.  As we were seated, the server took our drink orders and explained a little about the buffet after she handed me a printed menu of the options.  While she was talking, another server brought 2 waters and one in a kid's cup.  I also noticed that they did away with the white linens on the tables, which was great because it made the brunch feel more approachable and relaxed. The silverware was self-service at the front of the buffet, which I personally love.  That way I don't have to wait for another fork while staring at my delicious food.  And speaking of the food...wow.  The buffet started with several varieties of fruit salad, lettuce salads, deviled eggs, smoked salmon, fresh fruit, and a goat cheese spread with pita that was outta this world.  Seriously, that cheese spread was one of my highlight items.  As I moved on, I found breakfast and regular pizzas, crisp bacon (which is usually hard to pull off on a buffet...but they did it), biscuits and 2 kinds of gravy, a vegetable medley, steak au poivre, savory hashbrowns, scrambled eggs with veggies, waffles, pasta, chicken marsala, along with several other items.  I thoroughly enjoyed the ambrosia salad with its yummy, marshmallow-y sauce.  The biscuits were tender, and the sausage gravy was delightful.  Crispy crisp bacon...need I say more?  And whatever they did with those hashbrowns was amazing.  Sauteed onions and LOTS of cheese, perhaps?  Whatever it was, I had two plates of them.  The Hubs had three.  LBH had fresh fruit, cheese pizza, and waffles and was pleased with all of it.  She then entered toddler heaven with the dessert buffet.  I'm pretty sure she slipped into a brownie coma while we were there...she had 3 different kinds.  And the steak au poivre...omg.  Perfectly cooked little portions with a light and tasty sauce.  Just delightful. The servers were attentive and helpful, the busser cleared the plates promptly, and my very favorite part?  They were constantly bringing out hot food to fill the chafing dishes.  I never had to wait to try something, all the dishes were filled and hot the whole time we were there.  If you haven't been to Onesto brunch in a while, I highly suggest giving it another try.  They've much improved the service and food, and we had a wonderful experience.  We already loved their dinner, pizza, apps, and sangria.  And now brunch is just another reason to love Onesto.
<review# 264,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/11/2013,7/21/2013,25,81,6,5,4>I love this place. I don't even care if people hate chain restaurants or not, but this is my favorite place to eat - period. This is probably because it's expensive and I only go once or twice a year, so the novelty doesn't really ever wear off.It's also a commitment to eat there. For a full 4-course dinner, I'd be prepared to be there at least 2 hours. Having a smartphone to time how long you cook the meats is also pretty helpful to make sure you don't cook it too long or not long enough. I've only been to this location one time. The service was great. I had made reservations and we had to wait about 5 minutes for the table when we arrived, but I can overlook that. This place can be hard to find, too. You won't see if from the main roads. It's on the inside of the little plaza facing the other direction. We always get whatever the 4-course special is at the time. It'll usually give you your choice of cheese fondue, a salad, a dinner with a little bit of everything, and dessert. It's a lot of food. It doesn't visually seem like much, but I feel about 20 pounds heavier when I leave. I might actually come back here more often just for dessert. If you like chocolate and haven't been here... well, I'm sorry.
<review# 265,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/6/2013,7/20/2013,155,339,5,12,10>Southwest Diner is SERIOUSLY GOOD EATS. It's the kind of place that's truly five star in my mind; it's somewhere I wouldn't mind eating just about every meal. The price, comfort, convenience, and taste put it in the upper echelon (alongside places like PW Pizza and Sugarfire Smokehouse).The biggest downside gets itself out of the way first: The waiting situation. Sometimes -- no, often, at least on weekend mornings -- you'll need to wait outside for a bit. The host situation is a bit disorganized and occasionally you'll need to poke or prod to ensure you're remembered. If it's bad weather out, you may find yourself looming over some people who are in the midst of a meal, and I hate to unintentionally sour another diners' experience.BUT, once the wait is through -- and it's seriously not bad at all -- you're in the money. The coffee is hot and good and fresh. The service is always friendly, down to the server who's joked "I didn't know you spoke Spanish!" on two separate occasions of ordering an entree with a Spanish name. And, best of all, the food is to die for.Just about anything at Southwest would be super satisfying, but I prefer to keep it simple: Expertly scrambled eggs, crunchy big hash browns, think strips of bacon or sausage pucks. There are some Southwestern-themed additions you can get if you like (hot sauces, sopapillas) that are icing on the cake. The specials, too, have been good each time we've tried one. I really don't think you can go wrong.Bottom line is, try Southwest for breakfast, brunch, or lunch one of these days. You're really going to enjoy it. And if you loom over me while I eat, well, I may just pass you a hash brown or two.
<review# 266,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/11/2013,7/19/2013,69,433,5,9,5>Welcome Cafe Telegraph!Living near this new establishment, I was very excited to see an old building being revamped into what is already popular.Being open for only a few short weeks, every time we passed we saw that it was packed.  Luckily we were able to get our first peek on Cardinals opening night.  The building is awesome.  Take time to read about this history of the building, they have taken items from various buildings and added it to make this a one of a kind.  There are many tvs along the walls and it is very welcoming.Their menu isn't expansive but you're sure to find something.  They are being noted for their smoked items so we got the pulled pork and the chicken sandwiches respectively.  We were not disappointed and we left feeling quite full.The staff was very attentive and we loved that everyone was available, not just the person assigned to our table.  We had many people refilling our drinks which was very welcomed.Be sure to check out South County's newest restaurant - you won't be disappointed!
<review# 267,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/11/2013,7/18/2013,19,61,3,6,3>Went to Charlie Gitto's last Saturday evening with a 6 P.M. reservation and a plan to surprise Ben D. with a belated 30th birthday celebration. First unexpected touch of the evening, they have complementary valet parking on Saturday evening! Well done Charlie Gitto. Parking on The Hill is definitely not ideal. We were seated in a nice corner table in the back room next to a 6 top where sat what I am convinced is the most negative woman alive. This fortunately did not take too much away from the rest of our experience. But between Negative Nancy, and her poorly behaving children I almost had to bump a star. Was she the fault of the restaurant? No. But they did seat us next to them. Our server promptly showed up and offered us the wine list. We opted to stick with water for the time being. This may have been a mistake, because the subject never came up again when we ordered our entrees. I might have liked to order a glass to have with my meal. I probably saved a fortune in the end, and it was amusing to just drink water and watch the troop of militant bus boys keep our glasses full. It was almost a battle between us and them to see if we could consume more than a few sips before one swooped in to refill it. Mad props to the water boys. We ordered some Toasted Raviolis and a split Mixed Green salad, then set about trying to narrow down what we wanted for our mains. I decided on the Veal Nunzio, Thin sliced veal sautéed, topped with jumbo lump crabmeat, finished with fontina cheese andlemon butter. Ben D. decided on Tortellini alla Panna, Meat-filled tortellini, mushrooms, peas, prosciutto and Parmesan cream sauce. Charlie Gitto's has what has to be in the top two, Toasted Raviolis. They are obviously freshly made in house, and filled with premium quality stuffing, and then fried to perfection. Served with Gitto's marinara. I could eat these everyday. But I would not be able to button my pants. Soon after finishing our wonderful T-Ravs, our salad was delivered. I read in a couple of Yelp reviews that people felt the salads were over dressed. I thought it was dressed perfectly. The salad was wonderful, and the vinaigrette added the perfect balance of sweet and acidity. Comical side note following the salads. Ben D. failed to leave his salad fork on his plate so after the troop of militant bus boys swooped in to clear our plates we had an extra piece of flatware. Very quickly, our server noticed this and came over to restore the natural balance of our dining universe. The offending fork was removed and I assume summarily dismissed. Now onto the entrees. My Veal Nunzio was simply amazing. The fontina cheese, and lemon butter did not make this dish heart healthy. But it did make for a wonderful veal dish. To the animal rights folks who are hating me right now for eating veal, I say this. Nothing that was so mistreated in life could possibly taste so wonderful in death. I assume that Ben D liked his dish, he ate all of it, and did not offer me a taste. He knows I'm not a fan of meat filled tortellini, so I give him a pass. Unexpected surprise of the evening number two. Soon after our entree dishes were cleared, we were presented with a piece of traditional Italian birthday cake, topped with a candle and all. The cake was creamy moist and delicious. Perfect end to a perfect meal. We will definitely be coming back. Either for a special occasion, or just for a nice evening out.
<review# 268,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/6/2013,7/17/2013,527,814,15,22,23>Have you ever put something in your mouth and your taste buds instantly make your eyes pop out of your head? I am fairly certain that is what happened to me this morning, after taking my first bite of a glazed twist from WFD.  I hadn't even bitten down , to take a bite and the buds were already, singing praises. I took my first bite at the stoplight, before entering on to 44 east and immediately tossed it back into the bag. This was not a donut to eat while driving, it was a donut to enjoy with a hot cup of coffee or a cold glass of milk once I arrived to work.  I kind of always thought a glazed donut was just a glazed donut, nothing special to write home about and now here I am writing about one on Yelp.  It was moist, had a unique sweetness to it and I scratch my head in wonderment if they use buttermilk.  In the Homer Simpson guide book to eating donuts, I think it is rule #4, you should never just order or eat just 1 donut. So not wanting to break one of Homer's rules, I also enjoyed a Chocolate Long John.  The John was good, but not as amazing as the glazed delight. It did have an ample spread of chocolate from end to end and side to side, giving it an edge over other donut shops within the city limits. I was disappointed that they do not serve my favorite "donut holes", but with a glazed twist like the one I had this morning I can forgive them.  Plus, the couple who were working the early morning shift (5 AM) were picture book Grandma and Grandpa. If you think there is no dough ($) to be made in donuts, take note of the Mercedes Benz in the parking lot with a personalized license plate - DONUTS. WFD is now marked off my Yelp Bucket List and I recommend this STL jewel to everyone.
<review# 269,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/23/2013,7/16/2013,81,165,,8,3>This a staple park for us.  Set back off of clayton road the trees are mature and during the summer you can usually find some shade on the playground while the kiddos run around.  There are actually nice bathrooms with "warm" running water here.  Also a covered pavilion to get out of the occasional spot shower.  The playground is overall generous and a favorite for my girls.  Nearby is also a horse stable for "rehab" horses that my girls love to feed and look at.  There is a single tennis court but no other sports fields and that is the really only downfall to this park.  Definitely check out the nature trail that wraps around a small pond.  There are short trails through the grass and woods as well if you want to leave the paved path.  Tip.... bring a bag of carrots for the horses.  Overall a great park especially if you have little kids.
<review# 270,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/27/2013,7/15/2013,98,221,4,6,4>There's a clear reason why this place is so popular: the sandwiches are really stinkin' good.  There's also the live music, cookies, and neighborhood hang-out aspect, but you're here to eat first and foremost. Be prepared to get cozy with your fellow diners if you plan to not carry-out.  There is some outdoor seating, bar stools against the wall, a big central table with stools, and scattered tables, but it's definitely not enough for everybody to sit if a performance is underway. What did we eat?The Black and Blue- roast beef, provolone, blue cheese dressing, and onions...does it get better than that?Muffaletta- a 1/2 is actually enough for two, the olive salad is quite good, but it doesn't quite compare to Central Grocery in NOLaI'll come back, and I'll send friends too.
<review# 271,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/17/2010,3/4/2011,144,692,7,7,5>After the Thrillah' in E'villah, there's a new champion in town! In the sandwich category, old and new title holders exchanged jabs, 222's sandwiches countered effectively by Sacred Ground's vegetarian selections. 222 ripped into SG with more competent and friendly counter service. 222's beautiful, buttery, golden-brown pastries were multiple right crosses busting open the mouth with fruits and other flavorful fillings.  The left hook that landed on the jaw, the decisive head-spinning blow, is 222's java brewed from freshly roasted Goshen Coffee beans.
<review# 272,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/5/2011,3/3/2011,58,100,2,12,8>Ok let me say this right off of the bat.  Not even in Chicago did I get banquet style Chinese food this good!  The last time I had Chinese food of this style this good was back when I was living in Beijing and I had been striving to find this style of restaurant replicated in the US!Many a night during my days as a student at Beijing Language & Culture University were spent with 10-15 classmates at restaurants like Mandarin House ordering ridiculous amounts of food and sampling them family style.  The price was always fair and of course the food was always great.  My dinner with my friends at Mandarin House brought me back to those times in Beijing and it made me very, very happy.  My Ma po dofu was excellent just the way it was served in the Jing...I heard sichuan peppercorns were illegal in the states for a while and I was very happy that the taste I missed so much was very evident in my dish.  Everything my buddies ordered was also great and my waitresses were happy to chat with me in Mandarin which made me feel right at home.Mandarin House...you get 5 stars without any hesitation.I have to go back soon and see how good the duck is!
<review# 273,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/19/2011,3/2/2011,33,113,3,8,3>So happy I stummbled upon this place while grocery shopping on Watson Road. The place is your quintessential St Louis County dining establishment; small, cozy and family operated by mama, papa, and the kids. When I came there, the whole family was working, and they were so cordial and nice and welcomed me as if I was a regular in the neighborhood (they were so damn adorable!). The crowd there was all regulars from Webster Groves, and you get to take in the enviornment and or the culture of that community for sure. One of the customers came in, this guy, was like late 70's, and the dad was like we gotta catch a Cardinals game together sometime. Just the conversation between them was classic St Louis. Im so happy to have been here at the right time, as an outsider, to really get a sense of this bonding between community members. Made me realize how close knit these County communities are, kind of like what you read in a Franzen novel. The food is mainly your battered and fried Cods, Catfish and Chicken, all made fresh to order; I was very pleased. Don't come to this place expecting something similiar to Long John Silvers; King Edwards goes the extra mile, in taking extra TLC in preparing your order. The batter was so crisp and the fish was soft and moist, the combination was power packed with taste. The place leaves you feeling good inside, It's a staple in the Webster Grove community. Come and experience this gem in the county! And come see what everyone is raving about. LOVED IT!
<review# 274,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/25/2011,3/1/2011,132,135,1,4,2>Finally made it here for lunch, and i thought it was pretty solid. i love a restaurant that commits to using local, fresh ingredients.I also love a magically delicious sandwich. I have heard  good things about the Fried Egg BSRP which is what i ordered...minus the B (B is for bacon). I feel that you always take a gamble when ordering a dish sans ingredients because they were usually put there for a reason. But, that sandwich just seemed too good to pass up, so i threw caution to the wind and went with it! So glad i did, because it was SUPER. I got a side salad with it, which i didn't really eat. It was not bad, but i eat salad all the time and i was really just regretting not getting chips. Note to self - get chips fool!Okay, so now for the best part of my lunch. COCKTAILS! Nosh makes a mean one. Seriously, one of the best i have ever had. I had a cucumber martini and it was PERFECT. Refreshing, slightly sweet but not overly so. This would be the most amazing summer drink ever. My friend had a hard lemonade and it was equally delicious. I can't wait to go back and try Nosh again but first impression is good. Good indeed.
<review# 275,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/29/2011,2/28/2011,54,83,3,6,2>Great Prezels; probably at the top of my list! I just wish that they had a small table or two, to eat there....This is a kind of place you stop by for a snack while out and about (which I was) and I HATE eating in my car...They serve fountain and bottled beverages (*Coke products), which is a plus. There is a self-serve condiment bar with ketchup, mustard, spicy mustard and 4 oz cups/lids, which is nice. I regret not getting a side of cheese, not that the pretzel needed it, but because I love cheese. I orederd one pretzel with salt and a fountain coke which cost me $3.42 (I believe). The cashier thanked me for trying them out, which was a nice touch.
<review# 276,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/24/2010,2/27/2011,45,335,3,6,3>Legrands sandwiches are big, cheap, and yummy.  They're made with fresh bread and lots of toppings.  You can get them hot or cold and they have a ton of different types of sauces that you can pick from.  I personally like the Chicken LeGrand - chicken, provel, lettuce, tomato, and 1000 island.  Yum.  During nice weather days, especially in the summer, expect to find a long (somewhat disorganized line).  They do accept credit/debit, unlike their competitor Mom's, as long as it's over $5.As for the rest of the market, I'd pass.  I do hear they have a decent meat counter, but the produce looks pretty bad and no telling how long the dry goods have been on the shelves.  They offer some inside tables to eat your sandwiches and they also have a few outside.
<review# 277,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/6/2010,2/26/2011,319,681,3,9,6>It's been a long while since I've been to Iron Barley (it's not one of my cheap eats picks).  It's a bit pricy for such a casual environment, but I had a GREAT meal on the patio on a beautiful night with fun live music playing in the background. The staff were friendly, fun, and very attentive.We shared the fried cheese ($9.95) and the cheesy seafood risotto ($22.95).  Both were absolutely delish and although we split them, we were still left with substantial leftovers that will most definitely be devoured later;-)The seafood risotto had HIGH QUALITY seafood in it and the sun-dried tomatoes tasted like they were made in house.  YUMMY...  YUMMY...  YUMMY!   We were both VERY SATISFIED.  Most of the food options that I like at Iron Barley are off menu dinner specials and are not available during lunch.
<review# 278,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/14/2010,2/25/2011,24,184,6,5,2>Okay, as promised, my update.Several Doner Kebab sandwiches and Gyro Supremes later, I have now expanded my menu experience (several times over) to the Gyro Salad, which is essentially a butt-load of lettuce, tomato, feta, peppers, and other tasty veggies smothered in gyro meat and tzadziki sauce and served with a lightly grilled and olive oiled pita.Yummmmm!I hope these guys can stay in business, because I haven't cheated with another gyro since they opened back in late November.Yes, I do wish they would accept credit cards or add an ATM on site because I don't always have cash when I have a craving, but aside from that I am definitely not getting in my car to leave Soulard for a gyro lunch or dinner while these guys are in business.
<review# 279,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/28/2010,2/24/2011,30,78,2,7,3>The second location of International Tap House recently opened up in Soulard, so I knew I wanted to get there to watch a world cup game.I was expecting it to be the same size as the location in Chesterfield, but boy was I wrong.  This place is HUGE...and has an outside seating area as well!There are lots of areas to sit, couches, bar stools, booth-type seating, and tables.  The beer selection is vast...but the bartenders definitely help you narrow down your selection.While they don't serve food, they are very food friendly, with any restaurant has delivery services, stopping in to drop off your meal.  For the world cup they have had different restaurants bring food in for a very reasonable cost (it was pulled pork when we were there on Saturday...yum).I've got a feeling that this will be a regular place for me to visit.  Welcome to Soulard ITAP!
<review# 280,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/3/2010,2/23/2011,23,185,2,7,5>When I heard Schnucks was opening a market downtown I knew that would spell the end for the City Grocer one block west of it.  The place has just about everything you can think of in a normal Schnucks Market but with a more "lunch crowd" appeal to the deli and prepared foods section.  Not only that but the 2nd floor offers a nice eating space and wet bar that I assume is used for events on the weekends if at all. My first trip there I was amazed at all of the stuff that was in there.  Finally, downtown had a pharmacy which, from articles in the Post, some potential residents cited as a determining factor when they were looking at lofts.  The deli meats section boasted all of the same Boars Head meats and cheeses.  The products on the shelves seemed to be more conducive to city living, smaller portion sized offerings and lots of prepared foods that help out the on-the-go professional, or the working parent who just needs to pick something up quickly for dinner that night before they head home.  Since being open for over a year now, the place has kind of grown comfortable and has raised prices on several popular lunch menu items.  This is after a few popular and smaller eateries around the area shuttered their stores because of the low prices Culinaria could offer.  I used to frequent the now closed 10th Street Italian and miss it very much.  I'll say while I am a fan of downtown finally getting an all around grocery store option, I'm not a fan of the cost it took on local business in the area.
<review# 281,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/18/2012,12/23/2012,46,275,2,3,3>As you saw in my previous reviews, pretty much anything Pizza and I am down for it.  This place is no exception.  They do have some interesting selections though, which will make me want to go back for.  They have a honey wheat crust, which was very delicious, and all sorts of different sauces and toppings to choose from to craft your own perfect pie.  I will surely be back here a lot, especially since its within walking distance of Lafayette Square.
<review# 282,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/17/2012,12/22/2012,14,57,,38,15>I'm so pleased to have found this place.  While the Mediterranean Diet can be very healthful, many of the Americanized Mediterranean restaurants (mostly Greek in focus) tend to be very meat and dairy focused.Not only does The Vine offer a very diverse menu with many vegetarian options, many of those are vegan as well.  There are times when I eat vegetarian when dining out for lack of any vegan options, so it is a real treat to indulge without having to compromise.Their hummus is creamy and flavorful and can be a meal unto itself with the refills of their soft and fresh pitas.  I followed this with their Lentil soup and Falafel sandwich.  The Lentil soup was rich and intense with cumin and the Falafel was crispy and was nicely balanced with the pickles and pickled turnips.  It turned out to be an amazing amount of food for relatively little money.  Oh yeah...kept eating too many of my wife's french fries.You won't lose weight being a vegan at The Vine, but whoa what a way to go!
<review# 283,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/30/2012,12/21/2012,10,36,3,6,4>What a treat it is to have such a phenomenal fine dining restaurant in St. Louis. Most of our table ordered the ribeye, which was cooked to perfection. The mashed potatoes were delicious and complimented the dish. This entree alone deserved 5 stars. I want to go through my other 5 star reviews and drop off a star because those restaurants cannot compare to Harvest! The fresh baked bread came with sides of sweet potato-pumpkin butter- incredible to the point I could have just spooned it in my mouth sans bread! For dessert, the bread pudding, which is like french toast on crack. Very rich so I am glad I shared it or I would have been put into a sugar coma. I cannot wait to go back!
<review# 284,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/28/2012,12/20/2012,69,433,2,8,5>I've never met Grandma but I do love her cookies!A stroll along Main Street is not complete without a stop into this little shop.  The slogans, the decorations and the ambiance of the little shop always invites one in.  My first visit here was when we did our engagement pictures along the riverfront and we needed a little sweet treat.  We stopped in and it was a hard decision so I ended up with one of each.Now each time I go to Main, I make this my dessert stop.You can get your cookies to eat then, or in a small little bundle or in a box to go.  They are always soft and freshly baked.You won't break the bank and you're helping a small hometown business.  Absolutely nothing wrong with that.
<review# 285,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/15/2012,12/19/2012,28,97,5,7,7>I went here for lunch today with a buddy and we enjoyed ourselves. Really excited about 3 things here.1. A creative, innovative, eclectic style restaurant came downtown and didn't set up shop on Washington Ave. Super cool location that has a great vibe2. Owners/managers could not have been nicer to my friend and I. They take pride in their food, service, off the wall menu and beer selection. Place looks incredibly clean as well.3. Calzone was pretty good, not the most incredible thing I have ever had, but it was good. I had the fatty b, which was heavy on the ricotta, the other cheese wasn't really cooked through and it seemed that they went chinsy on the pepperoni, The sausage was super spicy and it seemed that the red sauce had a little kick to it as well.Negative:1. OK, the plates they serve the calzone on are misshaped in some trendy, ridiculous way where it dips down to a 30 degree angle on to different spots around the plate. This led me, and my friend to lose our forks at different times when they crashed to the floor. The guys came by and apologized. I have a feeling these plates will not be there for long. I will definitely be back, and will encourage guys from my office to check it out as well.
<review# 286,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/8/2012,12/18/2012,154,611,3,12,7>I love that there is a new pie shop in Maplewood! I am not a fan of cake but I love pie. A pie is an interesting combination of flavors with the filling and the crust. I tend to gravitate towards pies with crumble toppings, rather than another crust on top. I ordered three tart sized pies on my first visit here, which are only a couple bites worth and perfect for one person who wants a small treat. The three flavors were coconut cream, peach raspberry, and apple crumb. They also had banana cream when I was there and maybe something else. I consider this to be the second pie shop in town. The other is a hidden gem in Dogtown, Sugaree Baking Company. I'm a huge fan of it. So how do they compare?Price: Sugaree's pies are cheaper by a couple dollars for both full sized and smaller pies. They don't have tart size (which was about $3 at Pie Oh My)Hours: Pie Oh My is open 6 days a week (closed Mondays) where Sugaree is only open Friday and Saturday. Both are open later (6pm), which is nice. Selection: Love the tart sized option from Pie Oh My. They have about the same amount of flavors of pie. Sugaree has more non-pie selections (cookies, breads, quiche and other desserts). Maybe Pie Oh My will expand their offerings as they go.Shop: Pie Oh My is cute and you can get a slice to eat there. Much more bright and happy than Sugaree. Payment options: Pie Oh My accepts credit cards through Square. Sugaree only accepts cash.Crust: Sugaree's is unlike any I've ever had. So good that you want to eat it all. I didn't want to eat all of it from Pie Oh My. Not that it was bad, but it wasn't delicious.Fillings: This one's a draw. I have loved all that I've had from Sugaree and I also did from Pie Oh My. Favorite flavors: Sugaree: Apple Caramel Crumb. Pie Oh My: Peach raspberry. I liked the coconut cream too. The apple crumb didn't taste like it had much apple in it but I think the flavors were good. I'd probably get a bigger size of this.So the verdict is that I love both places! I'll definitely be back to Pie Oh My too!
<review# 287,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/3/2012,12/17/2012,18,53,3,6,4>Typically, I'm not one to get all excited over Greek for lunch.  Let's just say, I'm not in a hurry to get anyone to the Greek.  Not sure why.  Maybe it's because I just don't get tingly when I hear the word gyro.  Also, I don't eat veal, or lamb.  Simply because they (calves and lambs) are just too cute to consume.  Combine this with the suggestion of a friend who goes to the same sandwich place each and every day for lunch, and I'm like "Dude, you eat the same sandwich every day, of course a new place is going to taste good." So I never took Zoya's seriously. ADD side note, if anyone ever wants to open their own sandwich shop, here's a free name idea.  Hawgwarts Sandwitches and Sandwizards.  Make sure you spell it Hawgwarts for legal purposes.Back on track here...Well today I gave in, and said "Brah, you can pick any place you want brah."  I throw "brah" around liberally.  I also chew my gum with my mouth open, and over extend my jaw whilst in chew brah.  There you have it, I threw him a low hanging curve ball, and whammo.... he hit it to Zoya's for the home run of lunches.  I will admit, I yelped the place before going so I knew it wasn't going to suck based on the reviews.  I'm happy I went, because I now have a killer place to go for my change-of-pace lunch.So why do they get a 5 star from me?  Well that's really easy.  The food is great! The gyro is plump (not all dry and blah), and the Greek salad is off the chain.  Haven't tried the baklava, but it looked good as all Hades.  They also get your food out relatively quickly, which is nice as well.  Another great thing is their lunch deal.  Greek lunch for 9.99 which includes a plump gyro, off the chain salad, soda, and bread.  It's quite filling, and relatively more healthy than 5 Guys Clogged Arteries, and Fries.  Zoya's lunch is actually less expensive based on what you order.Another ADD Side note...  My prediction is that those who routinely eat on the west side of Olive, and New Ballas are likely to live longer compared to those who eat on the east.  This is purely speculation, and not the reviews of Yelp and their affiliates.  This comment does not guarantee longevity.  Ironically though, the name Zoya means "life" in Greek.  BOOM!  Mind is blown...
<review# 288,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/7/2012,12/16/2012,162,304,4,8,6>The boyfriend and I went here for our 4-year anniversary. We live about 45 minutes away which is forever-away for STL, but just a regular night out for us being from ATL...Either way, we were completely sold when we tried the watermelon/pork belly/jalapeno dish they served up at the Saucy Soiree and we hadn't been able to stop thinking about it since.This place did not disappoint! It's a very cute (albeit noisy for a Tuesday night) restaurant that serves up simple but delicious food. Nothing on the menu was overpriced, either.We started with the deviled eggs and the pork belly dish. The deviled eggs were great although not too memorable. What wowed us was the pork belly/watermelon/jalapeno combo, which was even better than we had remembered (and honestly, how often does that happen?) That dish made our drive completely worth its while.Next up, we shared the street tacos and the pork porterhouse. I got all excited when I saw the sunny side up egg on the pork porterhouse and then was immediately deflated when I poked the yolk and nothing happened. It cooked all the way through! We lamented this in passing to our waiter, while praising the rest of the food and he immediately brought out a perfectly cooked egg. Now, that's good service.The street tacos were also surprisingly tasty. The sauce was heavenly, and although I hardly eat chicken in tacos, this was so tender and well made.They served us the beignet dessert for free for our anniversary and it was the best I've ever had. Pillowy soft, melt-in-your-mouth good. We almost didn't finish it because we were so full but then again, we're fatties and we weren't about to leave it either.I was pleasantly surprised by this place and it's definitely worth a trip. It's simple, classic well-made food and it's been a while since we've been to a place that has just been so satisfyingly good.
<review# 289,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/31/2012,12/15/2012,108,88,,6,2>Super yum yum!  I like Colors better than all of the other frozen yogurt places I've been.  The fruit selection is awesome!  When you find kiwi, strawberries, blue berries and raspberries that are all fresh you have my vote.  The other options were good too and similar to other places with a few more options.  The strangest item on the bar, in my opinion, was boba.  I'm not a fan of boba at all, but lots of people like it so I was glad to see it offered.  They offer yellow cake batter which is my favorite flavor.  I'm not a fan of most of the fruity flavors of froyo, but I did like the strawberry flavor.  I sampled the apple flavor and it tasted like vitamins to me. The set up is good and the prices are comparable to the other similar businesses.  There are lots of tables and bar areas to sit at with plenty of room for a group of people.  It's nice and bright and clean.  The cashier was really nice and asked what we liked and didn't like about our visit.  He wasn't the owner and he cared what we thought.  I am rooting for this place to make it!  In a strip mall that can't keep anything good in there, I hope Colors has what it takes to turn the doom around.
<review# 290,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/3/2012,12/14/2012,89,195,,8,4>Roper's, how have I managed not to rate you yet?? Ok, here goes. The rib tips are outstanding....tender, meaty, sauced well, priced right, large portions. I dig the brisket sandwich, even though it's messy, massive, and you'll be forced to knife & fork it. The polish....foot long, $3.75, loaded with that delicious sauce, it's a meal in itself. I like the baked beans, and the fries....though for me, sides are usually a distant second at BBQ joints. The prices are fair, the atmosphere is dive-y in a good way, and the food is good eats....how could I not love this place?? That's why Roper's has become my go-to spot for BBQ in St. Louis.
<review# 291,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/10/2012,9/23/2012,55,255,2,7,3>How did I not know this place existed?  I grew up extremely close to here, and my parents still live nearby, but I wasn't aware of this restaurant until recently.  We were hungry after leaving my parents' house at 9:30 pm, and drove over to The Corner Pub & Grill, a decent restaurant in the same plaza.As we pulled into the plaza, I said "You know... I thought I read about a place in this plaza that was supposed to be really good... but I don't remember the name."  Upon driving past The Tavern, I remembered that it was the place I was looking for, and we changed our dining plans.Don't let the name fool you; this isn't a "tavern" in the traditional sense of the word.  The food is fancier than what you'd get at the Corner Pub & Grill a few storefronts away, and the prices are steeper.  It's also pretty busy; even at 9:30, they were pretty crowded and the seating host asked if we had reservations.I started out with a beer; as others have mentioned, for a place called "The Tavern," the beer list isn't that extensive, but most of the choices are obscure enough that I didn't know what I wanted due to the lack of descriptions.  Fortunately, our waitress helped me choose something up my alley -- the Goose Island Sofie, which was pretty good.They brought us out bread, which was a pull-apart biscuit-like offering dusted with cheese and spices and served in a cast-iron pan.  It might have been the best complementary restaurant bread I've had.We had trouble agreeing on an appetizer, but finally decided on the baked artichoke ravioli dip.  That's right, ravioli *dip*.  It consisted of tender raviolis sailing on a sea of cheese that you put on pieces of pita.  It was very good, much better than the standard spinach-artichoke dip found at so many other places.We were indecisive about dinner, so chose one of their four "tasting boards."  This one, the Oak Plank Taster, had bacon-wrapped meatloaf, chicken saltimbocca, pork tenderloin, and filet "loco moco" for $29.  We also got the "trio of sides": tater tot casserole, creamed spinach, and "creamless" corn.The meatloaf was very good, with a decent amount of seasoning and even a slight kick.  It was served atop pureed potatoes and covered in a mushroom gravy, both of which were also quite tasty.The smoked pork tenderloin came with a curry ginger carrot puree and English peas.  The tenderloin and puree were pretty good, but what really got me were the peas.  We went to England last summer, and ended up at a lot of pubs where they serve a side of "mushy peas" that were almost always disgusting.  The mushy peas they serve with the pork tenderloin are absolutely fabulous.The chicken saltimbocca (prosciutto-wrapped with sage) was served over risotto.  At first I didn't know what to think, but by the time I finished it I decided it was actually quite good, juicy with a crispy coating.The "loco moco" filet, served underneath an egg and atop madeira mushrooms, was actually the weakest item on the plate in my opinion.  The egg didn't do much for the filet, and the madeira mushrooms were a little bitter.  Not bad, though.As for the sides?  I don't have a clue.  We were too full to try!  We had them boxed up and brought home.  We couldn't even think about dessert on our full stomachs.All told, after tax and before tip, the bill was $62.  I didn't think it was bad for everything we got, but looking over the menu it looks like we chose one of the better values.  For instance, the meatloaf by itself is $19, which I think is a little ridiculous.All in all, this place is a real gem in an area in need of some good dining options.
<review# 292,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/19/2012,9/22/2012,15,47,,4,6>I was invited to the Grand Opening of this new sports bar and grill in downtown East St. Louis. We went at lunchtime right when the speechmaking was ending and they cut the ribbon to open the doors. The building is an old brick building on Missouri Avenue a block away from the 5th & Missouri MetroLink station, and I'm pleased that the owner rehabbed it instead of tearing it down and building something cheap. The inside is very nicely done with lots of pictures of local celebrities and sports heroes on the wall; and very clean (obviously, everything is brand-new). We sampled the fried chicken, hot wings, and chicken quesadillas that they were passing around, and all of them were pretty good. I'm not a big fan of bar food generally but the quesadilla especially was impressive - gooey cheese, but not drenched; the veggies filling it were cooked but still had texture.I ordered a burger and fries and my friend had a Caesar salad, which he said was very good (it was pretty big, but he managed to put away the whole thing). The burger was cooked properly and was juicy and had a good char on it - it tasted like a good burger you'd make at home. The veggies on the burger were fresh and crisp; even the tomatoes looked great, which is unusual for a bar burger this time of year especially. I especially liked the bun, it was obviously fresh, was toasted, and had a light buttery taste to it but wasn't soaked in fake butter grease. The fries were big fat steak fries, which I generally don't like, but they were crisp on the outside and mushy on the inside so they were actually pretty good. The poor waitstaff was a little overwhelmed but they were very courteous, good communicators, and got the food out quickly, considering the size of the crowd and that everyone came in at once.My only complaints were these: They do have live music and it was pretty loud in there. I suspect there won't always be a band at lunchtime, that was just for the Grand Opening. The second is that there wasn't a ton of choice for a vegetarian (my friend, not me), but that's pretty common for a bar & grill.I stuck my head in the restroom and it was clean and well-stocked. The upstairs has a banquet loft that can be reserved for parties, but I didn't go upstairs. It may seem strange to hop on the MetroLink and ride to East St. Louis for lunch, but the food really was good, it's a one-block walk from the MetroLink platform (you can use the cut-through sidewalk along the tracks to get there), and the prices were definitely better than you can get downtown. I will definitely go back and see if their stellar opening day performance holds true.
<review# 293,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/22/2012,9/21/2012,98,1037,7,6,5>Phuc yeah!If you like Bahn Mi So #1, come here.  The service was super friendly, and the food was so good.  For those of you that are new to the Viet cuisine, there's a picture menu to choose from.  The egg crepes for an appetizer are super yummy and huge.  The entrees are plenty big too, and nothing is over $7.  I got the pork with broken rice and loved it.  The one downside of the place, is that it's kind of dumpy on the inside.  You come in, fill your belly for cheap and get out.  No, hanging around due to the ambiance here.  Out waitress was funny.  She had me order the food items by name instead of by number to check my pronunciations.  We both got a good kick out of it.  Anyway, if you want to eat some good Vietnamese food cheap, give them a try.  But whatever, you do, don't feel bold and decide to try out the fish paste that is sitting on the table.  Remember, those Tetra fish food flakes you had for your goldfish?  Think of that, mixed with oil or water and then left to ferment for about a year.  Holy, cow... just opening it made other patrons glance over to see if death came in the door.
<review# 294,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/18/2012,9/20/2012,53,115,1,6,6>It's hard to find a breakfast place that actually has good pancakes. Normally when I go somewhere, it's usually all about the other things like omletes, french toast and other breakfasty things. Never does a place I go to have a variety of pancakes unless it's somewhere generic, like say, IHOP. That being said, I enjoyed my original pancakes at La Dolce Via a lot. However, I did not feel as though they were enough to satiate my appetite; therefore, I also got the hash potatoes. Those hash potatoes were awesome. Usually you go somewhere and they are very mediocre, but these had the right amount of spice and veggies (onions and peppers) with it. My bf got the strawberry pancakes and one of his complaints was that they did not provide syrup with them. I am assuming that was on purpose, but either way he ended up mooching off of my syrup. Another complaint was the prices. The pancakes were good, but for the size they provided us with they were a tad spendy.The cafe itself has a strange setup, with a kids play area in the back and mismatched seating. While, it is bizzare, I still had a good time. We got their a little after they opened around 10 a.m. and the line was not very long for a Sunday. However an hour later, around 11 a.m. on a Sunday, there was a line out the door. Overall, I enjoyed my food and probably will be back someday to get my pancake fix!
<review# 295,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/26/2012,9/19/2012,26,30,,20,7>Wow!  I can't believe I'm the first one to review HotPot.  Today was their opening day and since it's right down the street from my work I couldn't wait to give it a try. I was not disappointed!First of all, I took a chance of going for lunch on opening day even though I had an appointment at 1:30 in Chesterfield.  There was a steady stream of customers, but I had my food in less than five minutes.I ordered the HotPot Bowl w/ Thai rice noodles, Bulgogi beef, Yuzu yaki sauce, carrots, peppers, shitake, and scallions.  Delish!  I also tried the lemon cucumber lemonade which was so good that I took them up on a free refill before I left.My only disappointment was that their website lists a crab rangoon hotpot that I wanted to try.  It wasn't available today, but hope it's available next time.  I plan to be a familiar face.  Speaking of...the staff was incredibly friendly.  They introduced themselves and took an interest in getting to know each customer as they came in.I didn't get a chance to try one of their smoothies, but there's always next time.  I love supporting local businesses.  And, HotPot returns the favor by using other local businesses for their ingredients (Mississippi Mud coffee, Clayton Bakery, and Eat Here St. Louis).  Even, their bowls are made by local artisans.Go check it out for yourself! See you there?
<review# 296,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/6/2012,9/18/2012,76,154,4,7,7>I came here completely sober at midnight with out-of-town friends who wanted to relive our college midnight food runs. The food was really good even while sober, and our waitress was super friendly and attentive--wonderful service! We didn't have to wait at all for a table, which was great since the last time I came here after church, we had to wait an hour and a half. My hubby and I split a corned beef hash that came with hash browns (can you tell we like hash?), eggs that were medium done, and pancakes. I'm glad we split it because the portions are so huge that we were both full by the time we finished the food! The corned beef hash was deliciously salty. The eggs were really runny, so I think I'll order them really well done next time. My friends ordered a T-bone steak and a country fried steak, which they both really enjoyed. I'll be coming back again soon...although I didn't feel very comfortable the next morning after falling asleep on a very full stomach of not-very-healthy diner food!
<review# 297,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/12/2012,9/17/2012,56,220,,7,4>Best Pesto dish ever. I cannot remember the name of it, but it was a dinner pasta. I'm guessing all of their large parties are in the basement (we were attending a rehearsal dinner)   which felt super exclusive and I think encouraged our excellent service.I believe our party was about 12 and we had 2 servers.  Each attended very well and very quickly to our needs.  We shared a few appetizers that were all scrumptious, and passed around a few desserts to share also.Very impressed with Mangia, can't wait to go back for date night!
<review# 298,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/4/2012,9/16/2012,99,408,,8,5>I had biscuit and gravy and chicken fried bacon here (yes. It exists). It came with a "dipping" sauce of mayo. My heart took it like a champ. It felt the appropriate thing to order after a great show, on the eve of America's Birthday.  I don't know how this place is during the day but at night it was awesome. The band drew a mixed, hipster-heavy crowd. The space is HUGE, multiple floors of loft space with pool table, ping pong table, dry erase boards, half naked mannequins. First floor is a "restaurant" and a beautiful curved bar. Why 5 stars? - They serve food until 1 AM and the food is very reasonably priced.- They have 20+ beers on tap, with all your local favorites; drinks are cheap, especially for a music venue. Bartender was very nice and got our drinks quickly. - Seating! They have sofas, chairs, love seats, booths scattered throughout the place; no need to stand on your feet all night.- Second floor patios: they are small, nonetheless, I like having the option of going outside to get fresh air at some point in the night- Bathroom: yes this is a super important element that so many other places seem to eff up. They put enough bathrooms in this joint. - Free pool and ping pong: I don't remember the days when I don't have to pay for these at a bar. In summary, Plush is like Koken (which is also a neat place for shows) with better utilization of space. What is there not to like? Five stars.
<review# 299,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/5/2012,9/15/2012,144,93,,10,5>Alright, on the count of 3, say, "KIM CHEESE!!" I had the opportunity to check out Kim Cheese today on its opening day, and I have to say that I'm glad I was able to. For those who don't know, it is an Asian fusion type restaurant with Korean BBQ meat tacos. The dine-in area is nice and quaint, but remember that it is a fast-food feel, not a sitdown place with waiters, etc. The items that caught my eye were the beef and spicy pork, either in a group of 3 tacos or a big burrito. I opted for the 3 beef taco combo. When my order was called, my mouth began to water as I saw three Korean BBQ beef tacos (they didn't skimp out on the meat, which is great), filled with fresh veggies. The taste didn't disappoint either, as I thoroughly enjoyed each and every bite. There are a few other items that were interesting, but I'll have to go back and give it a try, namely the Kim Chi Burger, which has a traditional Korean side (Kim Chi) within a beef (korean-bbq-beef) burger. I'll definitely be back! If you are looking for a new place to try out, Kim Cheese is definitely worth a look.
<review# 300,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/14/2012,9/14/2012,45,301,2,12,10>I was in rural Missouri once when a man asked me where I lived.  When I told him, "St Louis City", he chortled and said, "Har! I have no idea how you can live up there with ALL THAT."Well, obviously-kinda-racist-guy, I happen to love The City and I reallllly love "all that" that comes with living here.  And the public library is a perfect example.As far as I'm concerned, this is a Come and Get Yourself Some Free Books Store.  You sign up, and if you can't find the book you want at your branch, you just put a hold on it from the comfort of your own computer, and then they email you in a few days when it arrives.  Seriously!  You tell them the book you want, they deliver it to your branch, and like magic, it's waiting for you when you get there.  This branch has the books out on a shelf with your name on it, and you check yourself out with their handy machines.  Besides holding books online, their website also lets you renew books and they even have e-books you can download.  This branch is open until 9PM on weeknights and is even open on Sunday. The staff is very friendly here, but you hardly need to speak with them, because everything is automated and easy to use.  I haven't used their computers or copying services yet, but they always have open terminals and lots of comfy furniture for people who want to stay and read.  I can't wait until the Central Branch reopens once they finish the remodeling.  It's institutions like this that make living in a city like St Louis so awesome.
<review# 301,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/22/2010,4/9/2010,72,652,5,3,2>Joanie's may be a family establishment, but when my best friend decided this is where she wanted to start her bachelorette party, we decided we needed to find out their policy on erotic cakes.  They were more than happy to not only let us bring in our 1.5 foot tall penis cake (made by yours truly from scratch...no pan needed might I add), but they gave us desert plates and a knife to cut it.Now that's service!The thin crust pizza is still tops by the way.  No better bacon cheeseburger in the city.  If only they sold it on the streets during Mardi Gras along with their peperoni.
<review# 302,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/4/2010,4/8/2010,23,140,,5,6>Honestly, what is not to like about Boogaloo? Swings for barstools? Check.Tasty, properly mixed boozaholic drinks? Check.Mouth-watering Cuban/Cajun food? Done and done.The swings remind of bars in the Caribbean, not Maplewood, Missouri, so this was a very unique and clever idea for a restaurant of that ilk.
<review# 303,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/18/2010,4/7/2010,45,335,3,4,2>I'm a big fan of the Rep. It's a great alternative for people who like live theater, but do not like musicals (e.g. my husband who will not step foot inside the Muny or Fox). The Mainstage at Webster is a pretty intimate theater and even if you're sitting all the way on the side (which I normally do), the seats are still pretty good.The only drawbacks are that the tickets are pretty pricey and the seats are very close together, so if you happen to sit next to a big person it's quite uncomfortable.
<review# 304,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/15/2009,4/6/2010,25,64,5,5,3>The Moolah is an awesome theater, and pretty much a must for the latest blockbuster, in-your-face, thrill-a-minute joyrides.  But it's not perfect.  Here's the rundown:- Seating: Yes, they have leather couches laid out on the floor.  They also have traditional theater-style seating in the back, and also a nice balcony area upstairs if you need a little more room.  But here's the rub.  If you actually want to sit on those couches you need to get there early.  Early as in stand-in-line-for-15-minutes-or-more-before-they-­allow-people-into-the-theater early.  You might get lucky on a weeknight, but this is a definite on the weekends.  It isn't like a normal movie theater where you can swoop in at the last minute and still get a halfway decent seat.  If you do that here, you will either be relegated to the back or get stuck at a bad angle.  Think of it more like going to a concert.Oh, and about those couches.  They're nice, but not exactly top of the line stuff...or at least not anymore.  Many of them need to be replaced or have been repaired cheaply with tape.  They're lumpy and saggy from the thousands of times they've been sat in.  Don't get me wrong, they're still better than normal theater seats, but you're not exactly walking into a furniture store here, more like your uncle's old basement.- Concessions: Great stuff.  Good beverage selection (alcohol and non-alcohol) as well as relatively inexpensive standard fare like popcorn and candy.  Nothing too fancy, but it gets the job done.- Parking:  Hoo boy.  Alright, well there's a really narrow alleyway behind the theater that leads to a parking garage where you're supposed to park.  Sometimes there's a guy at the gate, sometimes there's not.  Sometimes he gives you a ticket to put in your car, sometimes he doesn't.  Sometimes you're worried that if you return either the gates will be down for good or your car will be gone.  Not completely ideal, but I've never had to pay to park and never had a problem.  Just a heads-up on what to expect.- Staff - Friendlier than a movie theater staff should be.  Don't get me wrong, they're still pimply-faced teenagers, but they're pimply-faced teenagers who smile and actually help you instead of mumbling under their breath or texting their friends.- Overall - Again, the big draw for this place is the leather couches, but don't get too worked up over it.  Also, since the screen is so big, it really pays to be close to the center.  I've been stuck on the edges several times and had to sit at uncomfortable angles.  It really pays to get there early or go to a non-crowded showing.  The theater itself is gorgeous, and you can tell the owners put a lot of work into restoring it to glory.  It certainly is a "destination" theater and has reasonable prices, but at the end of the day, it's still just a movie theater.  If you don't get your hopes up too high, you won't be disappointed.
<review# 305,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/20/2010,4/5/2010,155,339,6,5,5>When you step into the St. Louis Chess Club and Scholastic Center, you wonder if you've suddenly entered the equivalent of a modern-day castle or palace.  The white, black, and green decor; the huge windows; the televisions and computer monitors all over-- I'm sure you'll agree that this place can best be described as luxurious.Founded recently by notable St. Louis figure Rex Sinquefeld, the Chess Club is your one-stop shop for lessons, casual games, competitions and exhibitions, and more.  Membership for students is a mere $5 a month, and as Nowell G. notes, regular membership isn't much more expensive.The location features three floors.  The main floor contains a bunch of chess tables for free, casual play.  In the basement is a little member lounge replete with mini-kitchen and chess library.Upstairs, however, is the grand tournament room, and if entering the first floor didn't make you gasp, the second floor certainly will.  Seriously: even if you don't care a lick about chess, pretend you do and ask to see the second floor.  You'll thank me later.  You can even find green, black, and white knight-embroidered PILLOWS lying on comfortable-looking chairs here.  Televisions galore.You can tell the owners of the St. Louis Chess Club take a lot of pride in the place.  The employees are all friendly and know their stuff, the facility is spotless, and the value is great.  If you have any interest in chess whatsoever, definitely check this place OUT.(The cynic in me wonders how long it'll be open.  If Companion, which used to be next door, hemorrhaged two million dollars in two years operating there, how can a niche offering like a chess club survive?)
<review# 306,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/23/2010,4/4/2010,53,95,5,5,5>Our new favorite local haunt, we absolutely loved The Fountain. Before a movie at the Chase last night we relied on Yelp to suggest something new in the neighborhood. We opted to try The Fountain for some pre-show sandwiches. The decor is really unique and absolutely adds to the environment. The waitstaff was really friendly, albeit overworked. We ordered egg creams to start off the experience. Very few places in St Louis offer egg creams but they were absolutely perfect (I had the cherry, she had the root beer).My dining companion tried the dill pickle soup and the adult grilled cheese. She raved about the soup, yes it is as good as others have said. I had the pesto chicken focaccia sandwich. It comes open-face with a side of St Louis salad (think Pasta house). Both meals were absolutely delish.We were hard pressed on time so didn't have time to try the many delectable sweets but all we could think of during the movie was going back for dessert...so we did. Two visits to the Fountain in one night and surely many more to come. This is our new dessert spot, sorry Cyranos!
<review# 307,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/3/2010,4/3/2010,41,76,4,6,2>Stopped by Lola for a drink with my friend last night. A live jazz band was playing. Atmosphere was dim but not TOO dim- just enough to creative an inward feeling of festivity :D The music was a bit loud for conversation, but I suppose when you have a live saxophone there's really no getting around it. And the saxophone was incredible, so I don't dare complain about that... But it did make it rather hard to talk, and I was seated at the bar. Though this problem exists in most restaurants that have live jazz - basically any place on Delmar and in the CWE (with the exception of Chasers Lounge at the Chase Plaza) is going to be hard to talk over. Anyway- back to Lola. Great atmosphere, excellent drink selection- posted big and high on the wall for all to see. Bartenders were SUPERB. To the point of calling them just a "bartender" seems insulting. Very friendly and always ready to see if I needed anything. Professional too! I didn't eat any of the food, but I wish I had- at one point I caught of whiff of food that smelled divine... my mouth watered and I reminded myself that I'd just come from the gym for a reason... I can't wait to go back! PS it's not that the music was INSANELY loud, but when it's LIVE music, it feels rather insulting to the musicians to loudly talk over their music. oops :(PPS there's a parking lot UBER close. I think you normally have to pay, but since it was a weeknight and no one was around- it seemed free. I LOVE EASY PARKING! thumbs up.
<review# 308,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/9/2010,4/2/2010,132,135,2,7,4>After a very long hiatus from spinning, I was just reminded why I love this place.  Spin class at St. Louis'  Original Spinning are my favorite winter indoor workout.I HATE treadmills.  In fact, I almost always prefer to workout outside.  However, when its below freezing I let mother nature win and I bring the workout indoors.If you are looking for a super fancy bright well lit spin class with video screens where you pretend your racing in the Tour de France...this is NOT the place for you.  This spin gym is dark, gritty and a bit narley.  But this is why I love it.  Their main focus is spinning, there is a room with bikes and a room for a post-spin class like yoga or an ab workout.  If you are a workout masochist, this IS the place for you.  The room with the bikes is literally a large garage.  In the winter it is cold, in the summer it's hot.  Sometimes when the weather is nice, they open the garage doors of the room and let the fresh air in, it's fantastic.  Wait, i go here even when the weather is nice too?  Yes, i do..that is how much I love the workout I get.The instructors are really what makes STL spin shine.  They are FANTASTIC.  Each class usually starts with the instructors finding the  new faces in the class and seeing if they need help adjusting their bikes.  There are a variety of classes and instructors here, each one with their own style.  I don't really have a favorite, because I get something different from them all.  Even though its "just a spin gym" the variety you can get is amazing.  I obviously highly recommend this place.  If you like spin, or just love getting a hard core amazing workout...go immediately, you will be addicted!
<review# 309,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/30/2010,4/1/2010,53,156,3,8,5>Ok, I obviously don't pay attention when I'm reading.  I got here and thought, "Wow, this place looks like a church."  The other two reviews (at the time of this review) clearly state that it was a church, but I had no idea.Anyway, I got lucky that the first time that I came here (which was a Saturday), they were actually open.  They are not normally open on Saturdays.  The coffee is excellent and priced extremely reasonably.  I am definitely a fan of this place.  In fact, I even bought a cool "Crave" T-shirt.If you're in the area on a weekday, do yourself a favor and get your coffee here.
<review# 310,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/8/2010,3/31/2010,202,207,3,6,3>Oh man.Going to Porter's Fried Chicken was the highlight of my day! Through snow and sleet, if I'm in the mood for fried chicken, this is where I want to be. Forget about Church's, forget about Popeyes, and definitely forget about KFC!! I ordered a special 3 piece combo that consisted of a breast and two wings. The batter was crispy and salted to perfection. The meat was juicy and went well with my mash potatoes and gravy. Mmm. I can almost still remember the taste now. The building was old, and I was freezing at the tables, but damn... that chicken was good!
<review# 311,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/16/2009,1/22/2010,75,425,2,2,3>Simple review: Good food. Good service (Bruno gets two thumbs up from me!). Decent wine list. Try the Jackie's Dessert. Caesar salad dressing could use more flavor, it was a bit  mayo like in my opinion. Great bread assortment. Veal piccata was perfect.
<review# 312,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/17/2009,1/21/2010,11,52,4,6,3>I am lucky enough to live down the street from this place. Every time I walk in here I just want to stay a while. It's maybe not the most aesthetically pleasing layout ever, but the real gems here are the selection, and the staff. The people who work here are so super helpful, and I have come to absolutely trust them with my boozy selections. If I say I am making salmon and I want a good red wine to pair for about $10, they have an excellent bottle for me. If I say that I want some good sparkling wine as a wedding gift and I'm looking to spend $50, they have an exceptional bottle. If I say I want to buy my husband a bottle of single-malt scotch for his birthday and have no idea what he likes in a scotch, they can guide me to a good choice. In short, everything I have ever bought here has been delicious, and I always let the knowledgeable staff make the decisions. Trust them. Especially Jason (gingery ponytail, great sommelier). A long paragraph of praise and I didn't even mention the cheese counter! Go there! Taste some cheeses! Buy some cheeses! Get a recommendation of a good wine to go with your cheese or vice versa. Trust!They also have classes starting at just $15! Improve your booze IQ!
<review# 313,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/21/2009,1/20/2010,155,339,2,4,4>I've heard good things about Terrene since I moved into the neighborhood, so when my girlfriend and I were looking for a nice dinner before a SLSO concert, we decided this was the place to go.The restaurant seemed a perfect place for a date or smaller group (up to 6-8 people or so).  The interior of the restaurant was simple but rich, but the surprisingly ornate ceiling gave the rectangular dining area a cozy feel.  The plastic-backed chairs seemed cheaper than I expected, but they emphasized the same message the rest of the restaurant did: Terrene is about the food.The two of us ordered the pork chop from the day's menu and were really impressed with how delicious the entree was prepared.  It came with a sweet vegetable confit and root vegetables cooked with bacon, so the entire plate was full of flavor.  The huge chop, which took extra time to cook, tasted just right-- and I'm a picky meat eater.(We also ordered the tofu spring rolls from the small plate menu-- not something I personally would get again.)All in all, dining at Terrene was a nice experience and I'm definitely looking forward to going back again, as soon as I find an opportunity to celebrate!
<review# 314,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/6/2010,1/19/2010,22,45,2,4,2>I don't know what lucky star this city was sitting under, but The 'Boush is the kind of gem you find in a much bigger and more diverse city than the Lou.  (I'm allowed to say that stuff...I'm from here!) Eat here once and you coming back all the damn time.  It's definitely not your run of the mill college gyro joint, I promise!  I go out of my way grocery shopping just to pick up a tub of their hummus/baba, it's that good. Other favorites: Spinach pie, Gyro, doner.
<review# 315,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,12/16/2009,1/18/2010,25,64,8,4,3>I've written before about St. Louis restaurant institutions that I just don't get.  A lot of the places on The Hill are worshipped by many (hey they're not all bad, just some of them).  People line up out the door for Crown Candy's mediocre sandwiches and cramped booths (at least their milkshakes and candy are good).  And in the CWE, Duff's continues to draw a steady crowd.Duff's is a dining and cultural mainstay of St. Louis, and to this day I'm still trying to figure out why.  They serve slightly upscale food in what happens to be one of the best people-watching (and chic) spots in all of St. Louis.  For this reason, during the non-winter months, their outdoor patio (on the front sidewalk) is constantly packed.  Nearly every time I've gone and wanted to sit outside, I've been told there is a half hour (or more) waiting list for outdoor seating, but I could be seated inside immediately.  Does anyone else see what's wrong with this picture?  In choosing to wait outside instead of eating immediately inside, people are essentially saying that:a) The inside sucksb) Their food isn't anything specialc) They want to see/be seen outsideThe people are right.  The inside DOES suck.  It's kind of a half neighborhood bar/half old timey restaurant, done in dark woods and the lights turned down.  The bar section is distracting, because they have this huge bar plopped down in the middle of this dining area where you're supposed to be having a nice-ish meal.  Kind of ruins the vibe.  The non-bar area isn't much better, because it doesn't really know what it wants to be.  Is the atmosphere classy or gaudy?  It's kinda both, and has that "lipstick on a pig" quality to it.They're also right about the food.  It's alright, but nothing really too special.  It seems like they're charging you an extra $2 for your burger because it comes on a white plate.  Their entrees at least make an effort, but usually end up bland, and the portions seem small for what you're paying.  In addition, the service can be spotty, although most times I've had good service.  They even run off the panhandlers who ask the patio-eaters for change!As for the crowd itself, well since it's the CWE, it's usually made up of movers and shakers, or at least people who WANT to be movers and shakers, or perhaps they moved and shaked a long time ago and now they're relegated to the occasional tremor.  Expect to overhear conversations about the latest mergers, or how some ballet wasn't as good as expected, or how their art career is THIS close to getting off the ground.Overall, Duff's is a restaurant that's just kinda there.  Not worth out of my way to go to, but is ok in a pinch.  Sitting outside is definitely preferred to the inside, but don't expect fine dining.  It's not as nice as Herbie's, but nicer than Culpepper's.  It's kind of middle-of-the-road all around, which I guess helps explain it's relative popularity.  But it also helps explain my 3-star score.
<review# 316,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/7/2009,1/17/2010,66,111,2,5,3>3 Words - BUY THE TORTASMy favorite is the Torta Milenesa, my favorite in the Lou and IL.  I drive from Maryville, IL to eat this Torta, it's to die for.  I agree with a previous review the chorizo tacos are the best , but I also enjoy the Agua Frescas my favorites are Papaya and Guava.   They kill me when they dont make enough Horchata on the weekends.  They should never run out of Horchata!  The Frescas are great alternatives and much better on a hot day than the milky Horchata.  However the Horchata calms the heat of the spicey foods very well.  It's my favorite.  I simply love this restaurant and wish it had a bigger outdoor / indoor eating area.  Worth the drive.
<review# 317,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/14/2009,1/16/2010,132,135,6,5,2>wow, this place is rad...and unique!  Where else can you play, "i spy with my little eye" and have such an easy time stumping your opponents?I think my friend is still at Venice Cafe trying to find He-Man! hahaha!
<review# 318,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/3/2009,1/15/2010,129,181,2,8,4>An exceptional non-profit wildlife rehabilitation, and education organization located on thirty beautiful acres in Ballwin, MO.  Their property backs up to Castlewood State Park; they have a nature center, pond, and Kiefer Creek.  The Wildlife Center of Missouri, most importantly, serves as a bridge from the Conservation Department to the Public.  They have a hot line which functions during business hours where you can call if you come across any wildlife that has been orphaned or injured.  For example:You found an opossum that has been hit by a car but is still alive- Call!You came across a cotton-tail rabbit caught in the wire of your property fence- Call!You discovered a squirrel's nest full of babies after you hired someone to cut down that big tree- Call!You're curious about how you can help the wildlife around you without interfering in their lives- Call!The Wildlife Center also scours the St. Louis Metropolitan area with teams of environmental educators who talk to folks about native and non-native Missouri wildlife and how we can contribute to the well-being of our native ecological system.A great organization!  If you'd like to visit their beautiful property, call ahead to schedule a tour.  They have educational tours, group projects for schools and scouts, and a camp in the summer for kids.
<review# 319,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/20/2009,1/14/2010,53,156,3,3,2>This is a great little cafe that may not be known to a lot of people that come to the loop.  It's just a little off of Delmar and doesn't have a very big sign.  I was down there today and looking for a place to eat.  I happened to look across the street and saw the little sign.Anyway, we decided to stop in and it was a great decision.  The cafe is very small and houses excellent food.  They serve breakfast any time of the day!  I loved it.  If you're down on the Delmar loop, stop in.  You will be happy you did.
<review# 320,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/5/2010,1/13/2010,202,207,4,10,4>Can you say, "AWESOMEEEE!"? That was my reaction as I walked down the Filipino aisle of Global Food Market in Kirkwood. A new resident to Missouri, I thought all hope was lost when all I seemed to pass was a Schnucks or Shop 'N' Save. My prayers have been answered when I was greeted with instant pancit noodles and sinigang seasoning. Woohoo! There's an aisle for a variety of countries ranging from India to Italy, as well as a wide selection of CHEESE and SAUSAGES. Woww. The store itself is intimate but big enough to satisfy all your needs.This is my total comfort zone and will be back for those frozen edamame. Lol.
<review# 321,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,5/30/2010,5/5/2011,116,188,5,8,8>Breakfast and pizza.  2 of my most favoritest things.  But what happens when you combine the two? WHAT THEN!?  This is what I came to investigate.  After Cairdeas Coffee in Dogtown stopped serving their awesome breakfast pizzas (why God why?!), I needed to find a new fix, and quick.  A helpful Yelper (or perhaps a yelpful helper) alerted me to Cyranos.We came in Sunday around 11:30 and the place was buzzing nicely, but not crowded. Brunch served till 3. The place had a very nice vibe.   Placed an order for a breakfast pizza and the brioche french toast, each for $8.  After waiting just a bit too long, we got our food.The breakfast pizza was definitely very pretty (see my attached photo), with the eggs and mozzerella and sausage and bacon all looking tasty.  Ultimately it just turned out to be a bit bland.  Texture was great, with the melty cheese and crispy bacon, but the crust, while nice and thin,  was kinda cheap and boring, along with the thin layer of unremarkable tomato sauce.  The raw red onions on top of the pizza didn't really belong.  The flavor wasn't there.  I'm thinking that some spicy salsa would have really saved it.  All in all I'd give it a 3.I was hoping the french toast would deliver, but it was also a bit disappointing.  It looked good but seemed kinda dry and not flavorful.  My dining companion thought it was fine, nothing special.So the food wasn't so impressive, but the atmosphere and overall experience was decent.  Right across the parking lot is a really nice open produce market with some killer prices on fruits n veggies.  And then Euclid Records is right around the corner.  So between these three places you can kill a few hours and have a nice afternoon.My hunt for good breakfast pizza goes on. Next stop --  Pi in the CWE, and I'm expecting good things.  If anyone knows any other places that have good breakfast pizza, let me know.
<review# 322,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/17/2011,5/4/2011,99,408,5,8,9>I just earned some bragging rights as the second woman that finished a level 25 dish. I only heard about the spicy challenge at this place a couple weeks ago. They have four spice levels in the challenge, the 25, 50, 75, and 100 (the increase in level denotes an increase in spiciness/spicy peppers used in the preparation). You have to start with 25 before you move on up. Whoever finishes an 100 level dish gets a t-shirt.  A group of us first-timers showed up here on Thai New Year's day (how appropriate). We had been out in the sun all day for a driving event. In retrospect, it probably wasn't a good idea as we were all sun-burned and red in the face before we even started eating some hot (temperature) food. All of us but one signed up for the level 25 challenge and finished our food. We had done this not too long ago in Springfield, MO at the Joe Roger's Chili, which unfortunately served some of the most greasy and gross chili I have ever eaten, but I digress. We ordered a plethora of dishes, from curry meat to spicy eggplant, to drunken noodles. All were delicious!! The portion was just right, not too big to make it impossible to finish in one sitting and not too small to make the spicy challenge too easy. They also have the beer bucket deal (for $17 you get to pick 6 beers off their beer wall, which we were told had more than 100 types of beers, ranging from Asian beers to microbrews to your usual budlight, budweisser variety). The beers were cold; our dishes were delicious; and the owners were good people. A great experience overall, and definitely some of the best Thai food in town. I normally swear by Thai Kitchen but this may have exceeded TK, especially considering dinners are a couple bucks cheaper than TK (unfortunately it is a bit out of the way from us). We will be back! And some of us will be back for the 50, 75, and maybe eventually the level 100 challenge...
<review# 323,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/2/2011,5/3/2011,18,107,2,7,4>made another trip to niche last week, and did the five course tasting menu complete with wine pairings. as usual, pics are in my blog.the first course definitely got things going on the right track. entitled maple custard, this was a wonderful combination of sweet and savory elements. served in an egg shell on a small pedestal, the maple custard was mixed with earthy roasted mushrooms and topped with bonito caviar. although it was explained to us, i cannot exactly recall what the bonito caviar actually was. we were told it was made in house, and was not caviar at all. regardless, it mixed very well with the mushrooms and custard, and helped make our first course a winnerafter our eggs were cleared away, a nice house made foccacia with kalamata olives was served. like our last visit, no spread was offered with the bread, but that was not a problem at all. served at room temperature, the bread was wonderfully soft, and had a subtle olive flavor throughout.course two was a piece of bread topped with a generous portion of lobster, apples, celery, tarragon, and togarashi. the streak of sauce on the plate was an incredibly rich brown butter hollandaise. what made this dish interesting was the togarashi, which was caramelized in nature and reminded me of the top of a creme brulee from a textural standpoint. flavor wise, the togarashi was sweet at first and then turned quite spicy. this was a fantastic mix with the sweet lobster meat, and made this dish a contestant for the best dish i have had in st. louis.dish three was the course we added to the tasting. this was a nice pappardelle pasta with short rib ragout, mascarpone cheese, apple, orange, and olive oil. overall, this was a great dish that rivaled the pappardelle with duck sugo i recently raved about at sepia in chicago. carrie and i were also both quite taken by the green and red 2007 zinfandel paired with this course. fruity yet still earthy and complex, this was a wonderful wine that i plan to seek out in the future.next up was a palate cleanser, a sorbet of lemon and fennel. delicious and refreshing, we both very much enjoyed the cleanser. apparently the cleanser was served out of order, but with the substitutions and additions we made to the tasting, we felt it had a good impact where it was served.next up was a dish that was only available as part of the tasting. this was a nest of chittara pasta with sea urchin, crab, mint, and chili flake. this dish had a bit of heat to it from the chili flake, but not too much so as to over power the sweet flavors of the crab and urchin. course five was the course we substituted for the fillet of beef. this was both carrie and i's first experience with tilefish, and if it is always this good i can see us ordering it often when available. sitting atop a bed of polenta and topped with salsa verde and walnuts, the wonderful fish was cooked to perfection, and reminded me of the flavor of maybe lobster or scallops. course six was a surprise, as it was sent out compliments of the chef. this dessert was a frozen coconut and passion fruit lime terrine with delcious hazelnut lime finaciers. the terrine was perfcetly tart, and went well with the small french cakes. both carrie and i actually preferred this dessert to the one that was included as part of our tasting.our final course of the evening was a sticky date cake with orange yogurt and coffee parfait. although we preferred the lime terrine with the financiers, this was still a very formidable dessert. the date cake was sweet and delicious, and the coffee parfait was also quite nice.overall, this was by far our best meal at niche, and there are many more meals in our future there.
<review# 324,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/16/2010,5/2/2011,76,328,,8,6>Last night, my husband and I went to Bissinger's for a wine and food pairing event.  This one was a private event, but the staff there informed us that their monthly events open to the public are very similar.  If that's so, you should definitely try to make it to one!Throughout the evening, a cheese tray was available a couple delicious varieties of cheese.  The semi hard cheese was similar to a young manchego - very yum.  The goat cheese was covered in cocoa nibs and had a nice tart taste to it.  The cow cheese from Saint Angel was the DEAL!  I need to track some down for my New Years party, for real!Our first course was Adami Italian Prosecco (champagne style wine) with mushroom tartlets and proscuito with a goat cheese and fig preserve.  Both the wine and foods were delectable!Second course was a Pinot Noir from Missouri's own Chandler Hill with a porcini mushroom truffle.  Not a dry red drinker myself (I don't like oak), I was surprised to really have enjoyed it.  The truffle sounds totally strange, but it was really great!  I was skeptical, but the chocolatiers really made a believer out of me.Third course was a Cimicky Shiraz with "wine grapes" - basically a chocolate covered raisin.  The best chocolate covered raisin I've ever had though!Fourth course was a Zin from Stellwagen Vineyard along with a 60% chocolate.  The wine wasn't my preferred (though my husband LOVED it), but the chocolate was heavenly.  The chef even shared his secret as to why Bissinger's dark chocolate isn't bitter like others.  It's the difference between African versus South American coaco beans!  Interesting, right?Last course was a port with a milk chocolate semifreddo and strawberry coulis.  I could have drank a glass of the strawberry coulis.  So yum!  They served the port in little chocolate cup, which was great, but I could've used a little more of a pour.  Granted, the wine was flowing quite freely for the four other courses, so you can't really complain.Throughout the night, the staff was very nice and attentive.  They even made me a Mayan hot chocolate despite it being off the menu.  Massive cool points for that one!
<review# 325,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/23/2010,5/1/2011,80,275,3,5,6>I havent been back since I turned 21, mainly because I haven't found many people who want to make the drive just for a chocolate martini. JUST a chocolate martini? Please. I bet it's awesome.Anyways, I had the chocolate inebriation and it is, indeed, inebriating. Just the right amount of richness and enough to just fill me up without making me feel I'm in a food coma. lolGreat place when it's not very busy and a great romantic spot for lovers. ;)
<review# 326,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/28/2011,4/30/2011,86,568,22,6,5>I went here with a small group of incognito law students for the sheer novelty of eating at an anarchist bakery.  As students of the law, we rarely get the chance to rebel against it, especially if we ever want jobs.  To fit the part, we agreed to wear logo-free black clothes, and we brought a true Cuban along with us to ensure infiltration was successful.  Things got a little tense when we paid using US dollars and credit cards, but our ruse worked and we were seated for Saturday morning brunch!  We had such a great time overall, I could've sworn this place was run by a multinational.  Live folk musicians serenaded us as we gobbled down platefuls of food, all the while proving that capitalism works in delicious ways.  After brunch, being students, we visited the upstairs library to peruse the politically-extreme literature.  The praise of bomb-throwers was so thick, I thought I was in undergrad again.Would I go back?  Absolutely.  Although now that I've outed myself I need a better disguise.
<review# 327,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/15/2011,4/29/2011,71,61,,11,9>I simply love this place! It's location makes it a perfect place to see a movie before or after grabbing dinner/drinks at one of the many places on Euclid.  As many have mentioned before, the ticket prices are downright fantastic. $6.50 matinée, $8.50 adult, $5 on Wednesday!The theaters are small, but not in a cramped, cheap sort of way.  Rather, in a cute, intimate, down-to-earth sort of way.  Sure there's no mega screen that semi-resembles the iMAX, but personally, I don't feel that's necessary. All of the employees are extremely nice.  In fact, my mom and I went here when she was in town and when we were buying tickets the guy said "Oh, are you two having a girl's day?" and I said, "Yes! My mom is actually visiting me from Dallas this weekend!" and he smiled, and proceeded to charge us for only one ticket!! No shit.  My mom and I stood there in awe of what just happened.  Seriously, what a great guy.  Not just the fact that he gave us a break on a ticket, but also the fact that he was just so light-hearted and came across so joyful.  We went back after the movie to tell him thank you again, but he was gone :(  But, I'll remember him forever.  People like that don't just brighten my day, but also make me smile every time I think about them.Great concession stand too. Incredible popcorn, mmmm!!!
<review# 328,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/7/2011,4/28/2011,155,339,11,18,16>When I heard the long-abandoned old funeral home at 4356 Lindell was coming under new management, I groaned. "I'm going to have to start closing my blinds," I thought -- after all, the building is right next door to me; I can eavesdrop on conversations in the parking lot when I'm on my couch.My apprehension, however, couldn't have been more unfounded: I'm happy to announce, ladies and gentlemen of Yelp, that I now have a new favorite St. Louis restaurant: Salt Restaurant and Bar.The most unique thing about the restaurant -- at least visibly -- is the space, of course, and if you can believe it, it's even more incredible inside than it looks from the outside. There are a ton of unique areas you can enjoy within the restaurant: a classy dining area, a luxurious marble bar. Upstairs is a bizarre room cloaked in red velvet straight out of that Arrested Development scene where the characters meet "Tony Wonder," and there's a secret wine cellar in the basement right next to a room that looks like the place where Jesus had his Last Supper. Needless to say, no matter whether you're a lone Judas or with a big party, there's a unique area in Salt for you.Of course, I wouldn't be raving about Salt if the uniqueness of the food didn't match the appearance of the building. We opted for a selection of small plates, which dominate the menu, enjoying an apple braised crispy pork belly ($8), pork and fennel meatballs ($6), the soup of the day -- a chilled ginger and carrot soup ($4) and a cheese plate ("petite basque") served with candied chestnuts, shortbread, and homemade Ritz crackers ($4). The pork belly really stole the show for me -- it was prepared at just the right consistency and accompanied by pickled spring vegetables, a perfect match for the rich dish. We didn't try any of the large plates, but a gentleman seated next to us seemed to deeply enjoy his large plate, a butter poached filet served with vegetables and a marrow bone ($17). They serve coffee here, too, a Goshen blend that's "bolder than the one at Pi" -- that's the stuff.We also enjoyed the opportunity to talk with the Executive Chef and Owner, Wes Johnson, during the evening, who told us a little bit about his plans for the restaurant, and it sounds like he's totally on the right track -- he's a fun, adventurous guy for a very fun and adventurous cuisine and space.Welcome to the Central West End, Salt. I couldn't have a better neighbor.
<review# 329,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/19/2011,4/27/2011,12,51,4,6,5>Great venue.  Lots of character and history.  We were lucky and went on a night when it was fairly cool, however, the stage is actually below ground and the air can get very stagnant, especially in the hot, humid St. Louis summers.  The performance was fantastic.  The actors do a great job and is well worth the costs.  If you don't want to pay for closer seats there are also free seats that you can wait in line for.  The concession stand is a bit expensive as other people have posted, but I am pretty sure you can bring in some snacks and some bottled water.Can't wait to go again next year.  They usually have a few performances that are great for kids.
<review# 330,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/24/2011,4/26/2011,139,268,4,7,6>This place is not about decor at all. This place IS all about getting a real Ethiopian experience. Okay, let it be known that all Ethiopians are not starving, and, in fact, my boss eats quite a bit. We go to Blue Nile all the time, I am pretty sure it's because my boss is friends with the owner, but what the hell do I know? I can't understand a word they're saying to each other.But I don't care because I do care about good food and a good price tag to match it. Fear not the language barrier or the barage of food items you've never heard of. Keep it simple. Just tell the guy you want a veggie dish or a meat dish.... keep in mind to tell him how you like it cooked. Or else you are going to get a big mess of bloody, rare deliciousness. I highly recommend taking a chance and trying out this place. If you like Indian food, you'll love Ethiopian food. Just don't forget the tums.And be sure to get some of the best coffee in the world while watching Ethiopian rap videos... hilarious.
<review# 331,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/15/2013,10/22/2013,18,53,3,5,7>Finally some good Mexican food this side of the border.  By border I mean the other side of the Rio Missourah, the STC side.  Ironically the last time we had a Mexican food craving we drove past this place because it was in a strip mall, and headed to Sombrero's big compound instead.  I would love to have that moment back because Sombrero's was awful, and El Azteca rocks!  What I really like about it is the bright colorful decor, and the guy who sits there, and strums on the guitar during dinner.  Its just a fun place to go, and twice this winter has gotten me out of the cold, and into a summer mindset.  I like to pretend I am back in Tucson when I go here, and its 110 degrees out side.  I hate winter so much that I would gladly take a 110 degree day, and embrace it ever so snugly.The food at El Azteca is typical Mexican fare, nothing crazy, no 10 page menu like some other places.  Ahem! Sombreros Ahem!  The food quality at El Azteca is good, and the flavor is outstanding.  What I have learned being back in STL from AZ is that the idea behind our Mexican food is "how many different variations of plain ground beef can we make?".So far I have had the carne tacos, tamales and enchiladas, and all 3 have been very good.  I would also like to note that their verde salsa is off the chain.El Azteca has a great kids menu as well.  With regards to service, it is somewhat lacking at times, but everyone has seemed pretty friendly to me.
<review# 332,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/12/2013,10/21/2013,76,154,,6,4>I grew up eating (and seeking) Taiwanese shaved ice because my dad is from Taiwan, so when I heard that Corner 17 has a machine and it's good, I was already smitten. I came here with a good friend who had already tried the shaved ice and wanted to go back for more. It's as good as the Taiwanese shaved ice I had in Shanghai! As a few others have mentioned, Taiwanese shaved ice is not the blue/purple/pink syrup-drenched chunky shaved ice that you would usually envision. If you have never tried Taiwanese shaved ice before, you need to come here. Basically, it is snow-textured ice that has been shaved so thinly that it melts like ice cream in your mouth. Apparently it takes many hours for them to form the block of mango-flavored (or strawberry or chocolate) ice, which they then put into a machine that finely shaves the ice. Then, some more mango sauce and condensed milk is drizzled along with some fresh fruit. best thing ever! Anyways, back to the shaved ice at Corner 17. It was everything I expected! It's a bit pricey, $6-7 for the "small" sized shaved ice or "fluffy ice" as they call it, but it's a big portion and it was enough for 2 of us to share. I heard that the large sized shaved ice is humongous.My friend and I also came to watch them make hand-pulled noodles. We decided to share a big plate of beef noodles just to watch them twist and pull and shape the noodles. The dish itself was yummy with beef and veggies and I enjoyed the sauce. I loved the texture of the handpulled noodles though! My friend also ordered a "Corner 17 bubble tea", which was just the right amount of sweetness and the boba was good. Prices comparable to St. Louis Bubble Tea. Next time I'll try the noodle soups maybe. Or just come for more shaved fluffy ice.
<review# 333,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/17/2013,10/20/2013,116,188,9,13,8>To borrow from a 90's rap classic, Haveli is kickin mad flavor in your mouth.A Friday visit to the lunch buffet.  You walk in as the strong aroma of Indian spices takes over your senses.  The place is packed with a diverse group of people, a testament to the fantastic food.  The buffet is shaped like a square in the middle of the restaurant, which makes it very accessible despite the crowds inside.There's probably 9-10 dishes, great meat & veggie options.  Everything I try, from the lowly fried pakora, to the tandoori chicken, to the spinach-paneer, is absolutely bursting with it's own blend of flavor and spices.  Seriously excellent stuff here. The food is not overly spicy, but definitely not bland.   The kheer (rice pudding) and gulab jamuns (fried dough balls in rose syrup) make for an amazing dessert, especially when you mix them together.Haveli is the first place I've seen in STL to have chola & bhatoora on the buffet.  Bhatoora is a fried puffy bread, and it's served with chola, a chickpea curry.  This is a classic North Indian comfort food that I've only seen in household kitchens. Haveli did a great job with it!The young guy who manages the place is very kind and funny, and always does his best to make sure everyone is happy.  You can tell he really cares about the quality of his restaurant.  The service is also lightning fast.  For a measly 10 bucks (tax included) you cannot beat the lunch buffet at Haveli, and I'd imagine anything off the menu is just as good.
<review# 334,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/9/2013,10/19/2013,36,102,2,6,3>Every time I go to the Scottish Arms I think, why don't I come here more often?!  This time we were heading home from a depressing 9th inning of opening day baseball and what could be more comforting than some mince and tatties.  Seriously.  And it was everything I wanted and more.  It was a beautiful evening so we sat on the patio, ordered some crisps with cold curry sauce (SO good!) and the Urban Chestnut seasonal and tried not to think about what had just happened back at Busch.  For dinner I ordered mince and tatties which was a fantastic comfort food.  It's ground beef smothered in a flavorful gravy, with sprigs of rosemary, peas and potatoes.  So, so warm and delicious.  It was exactly what I wanted.  Husband got the berkshire pork cheek and aside from some super salty squash, he liked it a lot.  Service was prompt, warm, and friendly.  We left much happier than we arrived and really, that's all I could ask for.Gluten free - The everyday menu is marked clearly with gluten free items including starters like the crisps and mussels, salads, and entrees.  None of the pub fare is gluten free and I didn't see any gluten free beer on the menu but they have plenty of other drinks.  Also did not see gluten free desserts.
<review# 335,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/3/2013,10/18/2013,17,22,11,9,9>The chicken is a little bit of heaven dipped in batter & deep fried.  It comes out fresh and piping hot and is as juicy as any chicken I've ever had.  I undersold it with 5 stars. We're talking the Milky Way galaxy here.  I love it so much that there are times I just want to get up and slow dance with this chicken.  On a few occasions I've recited poetry to it.  I took a wing to go and we went to the park and watched the sunset.  We are now "Facebook official".Great lunch special too: $5.99 for 4 pieces, a side, and a drink.  This place is gonna make me fat(ter).  I'm cool with that.  There have been many King Edwards throughout history.  I doubt any of them made a bird as good as this Edward does...maaaaybe Edward the Third but I doubt it.King Edward vs. Popeye vs. Lee vs. the Colonel in a cage match.  Four men enter, one man leaves...Edward is walking out without breaking a sweat.
<review# 336,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/27/2013,10/17/2013,73,136,2,6,4>A true city gem!The feel of this deli, is like no other, especially on a Thursday night or Saturday afternoon when the live music is jamming. People are crowded in, SRO, sitting on the curb outside or in their golf carts, dancing to the band and having an incredible time. Many of the same faces can be seen on the music days  and this creates a familiar, cozy vibe.Around the food, there is nothing bad that could be said of anything they serve nor have I ever heard of a single complaint. As a veggie, I love that there is more than one non-meat option & am particularly in love with the Panino Fresco  which is Fresh Mozzarella, Provolone, Homemade Olive Salad, Dressed with Tomato, Onion and Italian Vinegar Oil on a toasted Muffuletta. This is one of my favorite sandwiches of all time, not just at the BCD!The owner is amazing, friendly, always has a smile on his face and obviously fosters a happy environment with the workers.No matter how long the line is, your food order will come out quickly...but really who cares, while you wait, chat with the person next to you & have a nice draft or craft bottled beer, which are $2, on Thursday evenings!
<review# 337,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/20/2013,10/16/2013,224,225,2,5,4>After a few visits to this place, now I think this is my new favorite Indian restaurant in St. Louis. After a hankering of chicken tikka masala, I decided to come here because my room-mate now works at Ulta as a stylist close by.We were greeted instantly at the door and we were also seated appropriately. This place is well decorated and very beautiful.We were served with crackers and sauces, which were all very delectable and flavorful. I ordered their chicken tikki masala dish, which comes with their jasmine rice. The dish was creamy and again full of flavor. The jasmine rice had plenty of different types of seeds and was garnished with truffles. The owner of the restaurant came by to greet us as this was our first stay and we had amazing things to say out the food and the service. I highly recommend coming here at least to try some authentic indian food.
<review# 338,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/3/2013,10/15/2013,69,433,2,7,4>Every time we go to Festival of the Little Hills, we try to find a new restaurant to try.We were excited to learn about Hendricks and because of how busy I knew Main Street would be, I was even more excited to see that I could make a reservation.  Parking is limited, even with the festival, but luckily we were able to get in at our reservation time.We used the Yelp coupon and got the BBQ nachos to share amongst our group - delish!  I got the pulled pork with green beans and french fries and wasn't disappointed.  The portions are big, and everything came out ready to eat and looked great.I loved the atmosphere.  Who doesn't love drinking out of a mason jar?  I can't wait to go back and try other menu options while enjoying a day, or night, on Main Street.
<review# 339,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/16/2013,10/14/2013,60,293,1,7,5>We've eaten here a few times now and I have to say I am a fan.  Every time we've come I've gotten the lamb suvlaki.  The lamb is fantastic and the pita that this comes in is great.  The only place I've had better suvlaki, is in Greece.  The last time we were in the lamb was very overcooked, but I think this was a result of a very busy Sunday evening rather than anything wrong with this place.  The service we've had has ben a bit hit or miss, though the misses have coincided with the restaurant being very busy so I've given them a bit of a pass for that reason.  So if I'm craving Greek food while around town i know where I will be headed.
<review# 340,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/10/2013,10/13/2013,109,92,5,9,7>This quaint little place on the corner of Southwest and Abbot is a nice "hidden" gem. According to the staff, they have been open for just over a year. I have to say they are really doing it right.Let me start with the music; yes the music. It is definitely part of the ambiance that I loved so much during my first visit. It was like I was listening to my own iPod at home. I got to enjoy such greats like Death Cab, Broken Bells, The Shins, Of Monsters and Men, Lumineers and Mike Snow just to name a few. Props to whomever controls the music!Continue on the ambiance - I lived in Denver for about five years and when I walked in it felt like I was back home. The southwest motif along with the use of "old diner" chairs, cups, etc. makes me feel welcome. Denver has some of the best Mexican food in the country and I'm glad I found a spot that rivals any of those places. Although I didn't try the green chili on this occassion I will return to do just that.Now to the food. I went in search of some great biscuits and gravy. Having read a review from Steven B on this place, I was happy to know they had switched from chorizo to house-made sausage, so of course I had to try it. After perusing the menu, which I liked because it wasn't 9-pages long, I decided on the Grande with a 1/2 order of the B&G. My eggs were perfectly cooked, the bacon was a little salty, but had a great flavor; almost like it was made in-house also. My home fries were a little on the done side for my liking, but still very good. The pancakes, which were made from cornmeal, were quite nice. I felt better about eating them because I try to limit my gluten in-take. I'm not sure what type of syrup it was, but it tasted like fresh, real maple syrup and not this "high fructose" stuff you get everywhere else. I didn't ask, but typically the crappy stuff is so thick it barely pours and the good stuff is a little runnier. Again, I didn't ask partly because I didn't want to know if I was wrong; I wanted to simply enjoy. Now for the B&G: I have to say I was a little disappointed. I'm not sure why because on paper it seems like it should work. The gravy was a great consistency, the sausage was ground to perfect size (not huge chunks, which freak me out) and the amount of gravy was perfect. Maybe it was the biscuits. They, too I believe, were made from cornmeal. They were hearty enough to stand up to the gravy, but just didn't seem to do it for me. I give them a 3, but everything else I give 4.5Service: It was amazing. We were greeted and seated by the owner's mother (I believe that's what she said). She was extremely nice and happy. Emma was our server and she was as nice and pleasant as could be. She had a great attitude and was very helpful and attentive. She talked to us about her favorite items and was around to help out as we needed. One thing I look for in a great place to eat is the value. This place is loaded with value! The price point is spot on and with the quality of the food coming out of the kitchen, great ambiance and exceptional service this place is perfect for my liking. The location is great for me because it is right on my way to church and near the other great restaurants that can be found in Maplewood.Food - 4.5 starsAmbiance - 5 starsService - 5 starsPrice - 5 stars
<review# 341,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/25/2011,3/11/2012,95,111,12,7,7>Swarley's! Swarley's! Swarley's! Let me tell you why I love good old Barney's Sports Pub: 1.) I get in touch with who I believe to be the greatest collective group of people in the St. Louis area, commonly known as The South City Hoosier. The South City Hoosier is everything I am and everything I want to be wrapped into one: A person who is as open minded, liberal, and "city" as one of a cooler upscale neighborhood, but really enjoys $2 Natty Light pitchers and appreciating a place that still allows you to smoke cigarettes and eat Jalapeno Poppers at the same time. I have yet to meet not just someone I didn't like, but someone who couldn't be my best friend, at Barney's. There is no discrimination, no intimidation, just lots of inebriation. 2.) Cheap. So cheap. $4 dollar pitchers (regularly). $3.00 Toasted Ravs. The food is nothing to write home about, it's deep fried bar food. BUT did I mention it's cheap? 3.) Skee Ball. Yep, like Chuck E. Cheese. They call it "Beer Ball" but it's not kidding anyone.4.) Wall to Wall dartboards.5.) Amazing Happy Hour! Disclaimer: This bar is not for people who like clean, proper, eating and drinking establishments. This bar is not for people who only like imported beer. The bar is not for people who dislike overly friendly barflies who crack jokes and give food suggestions without asking. This bar is not for people who hate America.
<review# 342,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/28/2012,3/10/2012,55,255,2,8,4>I had a recipe that called for Spanish-style chorizo, which is a cured meat unlike the Mexican-style that is seen more often in stores.  I had read about Salume Beddu on Yelp, and looked them up to see if they carried it.  According to their website, they did -- so I made time to go when I could catch them during business hours.  The hours aren't great; they're open Tuesday - Friday 11am - 6pm and Saturday 11am - 4pm.The visit is well worth it.  They have salamis and sausages and other cured meats galore that they make in-house, along with some fine cheeses and a small assortment of other items.As it turned out, they didn't have the chorizo I was looking for, but they suggested a suitable replacement (calabrese).  I asked for a sample and they gave me a paper-thin slice to try.  Wow.  My mouth was watering all the way home.I noticed on the chalkboard that they had several specials, one of which was "Berkshire Bacon."  I had seen a cooking show just a few weeks ago where they tested supermarket pork against pork from Duroc and Berkshire pigs.  (They preferred Berkshire the best.)  Wikipedia says that Berkshire pigs are very rare, with only about 300 breeding sows in existence.I struck up a conversation with the man behind the counter (one of the co-owners) and he said that *all* their meats are made with Berkshire pork.  Some of their pork is fed acorns according to their specifications.  I was impressed.  We talked a little bit more about their products, and I ended up walking out with about 8 oz of the calabrese, 4 salsiccia links, and 12 oz of bacon.  Total cost: Near $30.Yeah, that's pricey.  The calabrese was roughly double what you would pay for, say, Volpi.  But they're a small outfit, they use Berkshire pork, and it's oh-so good.  Forbes Magazine said it was the best salami in the country.I dragged my wife back the very next day for their Saturday lunch, and the place was *packed*, whereas the night before I was one of two people in the store.  The space is so tiny, there's trouble maneuvering.  This time, the guy behind the counter wasn't the co-owner, and he seemed a little overwhelmed, but he was still fairly knowledgeable.  We left with ribs and a cotto salami sandwich.My wife didn't like her salami sandwich due to a spread that was on it, so we traded.  I liked the sandwich, and the giardiniera that came with it was fabulously tart.  My wife (who doesn't like ribs) loved the ribs, and I had some of them too.  It's hard to put a finger on it, but they're different than your typical BBQ ribs.  They were good, though.  The ribs came with a slaw-like cabbage dish that was also tasty.St. Louis is lucky to have this place.
<review# 343,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/2/2012,3/9/2012,75,425,5,7,6>My best advice for anyone thinking of eating at Mango: wear pants with elastic waistbands! You are going to eat until you pop because everything is so good you want to just keep going. Empandas with the amazingly perfect balance of meaty spiced insides and flaky pastry. Yuca fries that weren't too meaty or stringy but rather tender with an independent flavor. The tamale fillings change daily, but I haven't had one that wasn't worthy of a blue ribbon. Delicate cornmeal that wasn't too sweet, but added a slight honey hint to highlight the complex flavors. Drooling just thinking about the moist delicacy. Oh and the cocktails! Boozy lemonades and sweet martinis galore. So save on airfare, put on those comfy stretchy pants and trek on down to Mango.
<review# 344,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/2/2011,3/8/2012,142,167,8,10,9>I have already updated my current crush to reflect my new adoration, but feel quite liberated. Normally if I am interested in someone, I might try to make him aware of my interest, but never would I announce my crush on any internet site. However, in this instance, I'm all in. It's out there for everyone to know. I am. In love. Unfortunately, it is with a cupcake and not a nice man, but my cupcake will always treat me well.On my way into Fenton, I noticed that Sarah's Truck was stopped at the Scholastic warehouse. I got the address and convinced my GPS to take me there. Mayhem may or may not have invaded because I kept getting turned around, lost and yelled at. Finally, I spotted the big yellow truck, and though I was now running late for my appointment, texted our own Allison B with the flavor choices and ordered a few to take back to my side of the river. $3 is on the expensive side for an individual cupcake, but I will definitely be chasing this truck down again.Vanilla Creme Brulee cupcake was beyond delicious. I remember the first time I tasted Creme Brulee. I was a fun loving college co-ed, who was in Palm Springs for a fraternity convention. Before you get excited, it was a professional co-ed fraternity, and for the most part, attendees weren't looking for a big party. Me, though? I had a blast drinking-and-sunning... sunning-and-drinking... and flirting with all the hot guys I ran into contact with. The last night of the convention, there was a formal event. Dinner, drinks & dancing made for a fantastic night. My fake ID came in really handy. But back to the point. We were served creme brulee for dessert, and I can still picture that amazing goody. This cupcake brought me back to that fun time in my life, but despite how much I loved that brulee, this cupcake was BETTER. The cake was the perfect consistency. It was moist, yet substantial. The buttercream was thick, rich and buttery. The crunchy bruleed sugar on top offered a little crunch, and meshed perfectly with aspects of the cupcake. I hadn't realized that there was a filling to the thing, but oh, googley moogley, it added so much. This is a cupcake that truly offered a flavor profile that it was meant to. It was perfect. Delicious.The Snack Cake was great too. It doesn't get a whole lot better than a deliciously rich chocolate cake, filled with decorators frosting with such a high sugar content, it was a little crunchy and topped with vanilla butter cream and chocolate ganache. Oh, and an adorable little squiggle of decorators frosting on top as well. The vanilla buttercream was not as pleasing as the buttercream on the Creme Brulee cupcake, but was still enough to make it a great cupcake.The Salted Caramel is one of the best sellers, and was very good, but the only thing I would change is to add a little salt on top. The caramel was delicious, and the entire top of the caramel cake was brushed in caramel, as was the caramel buttercream, but it lacked in the salt flavor in my opinion, and would have been made better with a slight punch of salty to counteract the sweet. Allison B. seemed to really enjoy this cupcake, as did my mama.I thought that SweetArt was my favorite cupcake establishment in St Louis, but my mind has changed! Sarah's Cupcake Truck is my new deity. Looking at their website, I am struck by two things. First of all, the Creme Brulee cupcake is not listed, and I am concerned that it is a one-off.  It better not be, Sarah's! Secondly, there are so many other flavors I would love to try... Chocolate Cookie, Chocolate Caramel Pretzel, Chocolate Peanut Butter, Almond Jo, Strawberry Cheesecake, and Chocolate Caramel. Oooooh, the Sweet N Salty looks amazing, too. As you can most likely deduce, I like me some chocolate... and speaking as if I have little understanding of the English language from time-to-time.Hugely Happy Cupcaking
<review# 345,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/29/2011,3/7/2012,154,611,3,10,7>When I was a kid and didn't live in St. Louis yet, no trip here to visit family was complete without a trip to the Old Spaghetti Factory. I don't get there very often now that I live in St. Louis but whenever I do, I remember that I still like it, even though it's a chain!I am coordinating a program for a group of kids from Spain who are visiting this summer, and today we did the "downtown" tour. OSF was an easy choice on where to eat because it's well priced and easy, and I love how each meal comes with soup or salad plus ice cream. Plus it's about 5 minutes walking from the Arch. Sold!We walked in at noon and were seated within 5 minutes - a group of 12. Our server came over and told us she was in training and was also being supervised by another server. No problem. I ordered toasted ravioli for the table since they had never tried it and it gotten eaten up quickly. Our servers got our used plates out of the way quickly and brought bread and our salads. They were nice enough to bring the salad dressing on the side (without us requesting it) for everyone because the kids had never tried ranch before, and the servers wanted to make sure they had a choice if they didn't like it. Nice touch. All the kids loved it so it was used up. They kept our water glasses filled, bread plentiful, and plates cleared. Food came and the kids loved it too. I enjoyed mine. The ice cream came - another hit. We were stuffed. All for $148 for 12 people, with apps, salads and dessert, not including tip. I left a nice one - great service! They really took care of us and got us in and out in an hour or less. I recommend this for groups or a nice and yummy lunch or dinner!
<review# 346,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/9/2012,3/6/2012,117,126,13,11,9>I don't know how to express just how much I love Fritanga, other than to say "it got me to change out of pajama pants into real pants at 4 pm on a Saturday just so I could go eat plantains. Alone." That's a big deal. Real pants. This is the type of restaurant that would normally stress me out. Sparse street parking. No split checks. Cash preferred. Guy outside of liquor store barking at me like a dog as I walk back to my car. That part still stresses me out a little. But the food here is so good, I don't care about the minor inconveniences. This was the one place I've eaten in the last year or so that I wished I could go back to the very next day just to order the same meal again. It's that good. I'm a big fan of the ripe plantain with shredded chicken. I can't get it anywhere else, and I will gladly drive the 15-20 minutes and wait as long as I have to for it. (Service can be slow when they are busy. Everything is cooked to order in a small kitchen, so bring your patience. Or be a card carrying member of the Murder She Wrote fanclub like me and eat dinner at 4:30 pm to avoid the rush.) I also really appreciate the passion of the owner, who has come by to talk to me both times I've visited. The last time I was there, one of the patrons commented that it's like eating a meal with family, the way everyone shouts to each other back and forth and has a good time working together to get the food out. I'd agree with that, and say it's part of what I like most about Fritanga. This restaurant falls into the five star category for me because it offers something unique that's worth the trip, and because I'd genuinely miss it if were gone.
<review# 347,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/11/2011,3/5/2012,36,255,3,5,4>Friend and I were craving something sweet at night, and decided to try something new! This place is super close to us and is in the same plaza as Schnucks (talk about never having an excuse of running out of ingredients!Décor: Fun, very orange (like it's namesake). You got your plastic stairs (which aren't very comfortable, fyi), the couches and lower set chairs & tables. All the flavours are lined at the back and then your toppings come next as you pay at the counter.Service: I like that they come with you to get your samples. Not only are they courteous but they're very friendly and helpful.Food: Okay, what everyone wants to hear:They have many flavours on a wide range. I wish their fro yo were a bit more frozen (by the time I sat down to eat it, it melted just a bit), but it was all creamy and full of flavor. I chose the snickerdoodle (LOVE that they have this flavor! It's seriously just like the cookie!) and coffee (yum!). Their toppings were also quite interesting, which some mango/strawberry "Boba" (they're actually poppable and is filled with a refreshing flavoured liquid). Otherwise, they have your usual brownies, oreo cookies, fudge, graham crackers, etc. No cereal though, fyi.Also, you'll find the most information on their facebook page- Google "Orange Leaf Clayton" and it'll come up!Overall: A very decent fro yo place. A great alternative to the other two in the area (Fro Yo and Chill) and personally, because it's new, it's not so crowded yet, which I love. (Not to say there weren't at least 10 other people there while I was there, WOW!) Give this place a try and add another place onto your fro yo list!
<review# 348,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/27/2011,3/4/2012,76,328,,5,3>My husband and I stopped here after dinner in the valley.  Our first experience in the froyo trend, and we definitely started with a bang.Being our first time, I wanted to try just about everything.  It would have been nice if there were tasting spoons (I didn't see any.  Did I have to ask?), but I just put 4 different kinds in my bowl and topped it with Heath bar crumbles, gummy bears, and a couple squares of brownie.I tried the non fat NY cheesecake, non fat red velvet cake, non fat cookies and cream, and non fat dark chocolate.  I also had bites of my husband's pomegranate raspberry and non fat cake batter.  Everything was good, but the red velvet and pomegranate raspberry really takes the cake.The store is bright, cheerful, and fun.  I did find it funny that the workers had a tip jar out.  Really?  You need to be tipped for a self serve froyo place?!?
<review# 349,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/24/2011,3/3/2012,12,39,3,4,5>I really enjoyed my experience at Half & Half.  I was lucky to score seats at the counter for our breakfast, which was a fun experience all on its own.  All of the counter diners seemed to have a mutual love and respect for food and we echoed each other in saying "Oooh!  What's that??" every time a plate was delivered.  While we didn't go so far as sharing our food with each other, I felt like we all got a sneak peek at the entire menu.  The coffee was delicious and perfectly roasted, but the staff could have been a little more attentive in keeping our mugs full.  The fresh donuts with citrus zest and powdered sugar were a great way to pass the time until our entrees arrived.  I devoured a plate of pork belly and eggs- the pork belly topped with homemade peach marmalade and the eggs cooked perfectly sunny side up and served along side some fantastic home potatoes.  This is how breakfast should be done!!The staff was very friendly, albeit a little neglectful at times, but it certainly wasn't enough to keep me from coming back again and again.  Next time I need to order the Clara Cakes that my neighbor at the counter had- they looked soooo good!
<review# 350,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/19/2011,3/2/2012,114,218,,12,7>Here is one smoking bar I can't help but love! Yes, my hair stinks and requires at least two washes to rid of the smokey scent but this place has too much charm to resist! Exposed brick, friendly bartenders, comfy couches and reasonably priced drinks keep me coming back for more.Also a very convenient stop before or after a movie at Hi-Pointe theater. I think it's charming that the bartenders get to munch on leftover movie theater popcorn. If you check in with yelp I believe you get a free jello shot. Not a fan of 'em so I always ignore the "deal" but just throwin' it out there!
<review# 351,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/24/2010,8/16/2010,29,78,8,9,8>I was a little hesitant to go here as the restaurant shares the building with a laundromat, but it was pretty outstanding.I may be a lightweight, but I got blasted off one margarita here.  Don't expect anything less than extremely strong and extremely big (12 ounces is a pretty good sized 'rita), not to mention you can't beat a $4 drink that leaves you practically falling out of the booth.Though I was toasted by time my meal arrived, I was also blown away at how quickly we got our meal.  The vegetable fajitas were great, though it would have been nice to get a couple more tortillas.  And you can't beat all you can eat chips and salsa.  I also enjoyed all the bizarre, pseudo-Aztec-Harlequin art on the walls, though I don't think it was meant to be as large of a joke as I made it.I will be back to Mi Ranchito next time I'm ready to get my Sunday-afternoon drink on.
<review# 352,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/30/2010,8/15/2010,238,242,7,9,8>If your a sports fan...or maybe just like to people watch and have a fun time, then Busch Stadium is the place to be during the baseball season. The baseball season runs from early April thru October with 81 home games and playoffs in October. Baseball tends to be a way of life in St. Louis and the stadium, with approximately 46,000 seats, is often full to capacity. The fans are passionate, but tend to be polite to visiting fans. There are various types of tickets available ranging in price from $7/Kids & $19 Adults up to $260 for premium all inclusive tickets. You can get a good price on outfield terrace, bleachers, and standing room only tickets. Or, if you want to drop the extra cash, the all inclusive tickets at Homer's Landing, Coca-Cola area, Bank of America Club, Champions Club or the Commissioner's Box are the way to go. These tickets include food buffets and beer/drinks with the price of the ticket. The Commissioner's Box is probably the best seat in the house located right next to the Cardinals dugout, offering in-seat service with free food and drinks along with many other perks. No matter where you sit, there are good views and plenty of options.  If you don't have a ticket, you can easily buy one on the street before the game.   As one of the most storied teams in baseball, there is much to see around the stadium. Check out the player statue garden just between gates 3 & 4 outside the stadium, and the Stan "The Man" Musial bronze statue just outside of gate 3 on the West side of the stadium. Explore the stadium by walking around on the inside where you will see the scoreboards from the old Busch Stadium or check out the Rawlings store in the outfield between gates 5 & 6 where you can buy game worn jerseys or memorabilia from the old stadium. A variety of food is offered all around the stadium from the basics such as hot dogs & nachos to BBQ, Mexican and Hardee's. Part of the "in-seat" entertainment includes the beer vendors who often put on quite a good show if you are sitting in the field level seats. After the game, be sure to check out some of the bars located around the stadium, up on Washington Avenue, down on "The Landing" (Lacledes Landing), or in Soulard which is a short walk or taxi ride away. Insider & useful tips: Opening day is always packed, but go early to be sure and catch the parade of players around the field and the tradition of the Budweiser Clydesdale horses circling the track. Gates open 2 hours before the game if you want to see batting practice. Cardinals practice first, then visiting team after. If your not interested in batting practice, and want to avoid the gate crowds, have a few drinks before the game and arrive just before 1st pitch. You can bring your own food into the stadium, but not drinks....(flasks can be hidden in pockets easily, but bags are checked)If buying a ticket on the street from a scalper, prices drop quick after the first pitch assuming any are left on the street.If you are parking, prices range from $40 down to $5 depending how far away you park, but be sure to come early so you don't get stuck in traffic.  Consider taking a shuttle van from a local bar on Washington Ave. or take Metrolink...but beware of the before and after crowds.There are several hotels within walking distance from the stadium if you are visiting from out of town.Potty parity: Busch Stadium is a potty parity stadium meaning that there are equal facilities for women and men. Usually the men's line is longer...ugh! LOL!
<review# 353,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/18/2010,8/13/2010,18,19,7,6,5>Dear Lord, where do I begin?!!?  This place was amazing...I hurt right now from eating too much, but it was totally worth it!  We got there early so I could be home by 7 for my Office marathon, but it was nice not having a wait.  The booths are really neat and give a romantic feel to the dining experience.I should say we had a restaurant.com certificate so we needed to spend $35 between the two of us.  My s/o went with the meat sampler thing and enjoyed all of them and I got a whole chicken (good thing I love leftovers)!  We tried the Mac N' Cheese and mashed potatoes and both sides were great but that Mac N' Cheese was amazing.  People always say stuff isn't anything to write home about, but this is!  I called my mom and sister right after eating it.  The sauce was amazing too...I went with the St. Louis sweet n' smoky style because that's what I love.The service was also great and she brought us little sauce containers before we even asked...I liked that!  I wish we could have tried dessert, but we were both beyond stuffed.  It's nice to have a place with smoked BBQ, home-style sides, but all in a classy joint.  Nothing like good ol' soul food in a sophisticated but not too formal environment.  But I mean it...I am telling anyone and everyone to go here.  It would be worth pulling an Aileen Wuornos and getting put on death row just to have this be my last meal.  But I'm not threatening you or anything :)
<review# 354,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,5/3/2010,8/12/2010,110,87,7,5,5>This place seriously looks like an 8 year old got to pick the colors and all they had were highlighters with the architect/interior designer.  It makes me think that this place should be on a beach somewhere the only thing is this place doesn't have any sand on the floor.  The good.... service.  Very fast, very attentive.  Prices.... decently cheap and happy hour all day Monday, Tuesday, and Wednesday.  That's what I'm talking about....  and the portions are redonkulousThe bad/not so good.....  The food.  To quote the future Mrs. Rick S "it's just like any other crappy Mexican food place.  Definitely nothing to write home about."Want cheap drinks and a time to feel like you should be on a beach?  Go here.... you want some great Mexican food.... check elsewhere.
<review# 355,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/2/2010,8/11/2010,220,464,4,7,4>This is a comfortable restaurant and sports bar with 64 TVs, even one in the restroom, plus a brick patio!  Fourteen 42 inch and a 60 inch TV surrounds an large island bar with a score board with four 42 inch and eight 15 inch TVs built into a score board (pic).  The place had a nice looking small sized outside patio with not TVs (pic).Happy hour till 6 PM was the draw for this visit.  $2 drafts & wells (I got Boulevard) and 1/2 priced appetizers.  I got smoked shrimp Quesadilla for $5.50!  The Quesadilla was nice sized with a side diced tomatoes salsa, mounds of guacamole and sour cream on lettuce.  I did have to add hot sauce for my taste and the strong smoke flavor.  While they listed interesting appetizers they seemed limited, I craved mushrooms.  I did not try any actual meal so this is about the happy hour.The weird thing is this place had guy bartenders serving behind the Formica bar.  Yeah they were friendly, but not great to look at.  Oh well, the Cardinals were on the multiple TVs and the woman next to me was friendly so...Overall I will be back. (I did not see any smoking or ash trays and large bar and nice variety of beer +  64 TVs)  Plus the price during happy hour in this location made me a fan.I was warned that the place gets over crowded during Mizzou football games.  From the bar they can open multiple French style doors to the patio for a more open feel.
<review# 356,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/12/2010,8/10/2010,384,258,6,9,9>We come here ALL THE TIME! I can't believe that I haven't gotten around to writing this review sooner.This is truly a hidden gem....dive bar, oasis, art gallery....a place of many names.Bob and Sherri are the owners and are here every night I think.  The place is decorated w/ all sorts of B Movie memorabilia, old burlesque, you name it....We've seen many great bands and acts here along with some not-so-great...but we always have a good night.On the 2nd Tuesday of every month, they have $3 - 8MM Movie Madness where you can hang out and watch movies and eat pizza that Bob makes.If you live in St. Louis and haven't checked this place out yet....what the Hell is wrong with you!?
<review# 357,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/15/2010,8/9/2010,27,82,3,13,12>It's kind of hard to know where to start describing Everest Cafe, my favorite restaurant. Anywhere. It's a deceptively simple restaurant with an unassuming lunch buffet...that will knock your socks off.You're greeted with a 'Namaste' and whisked off to your seat. Before long, you're standing in front of a smorgasbord of Korean and Indian classics: Chicken and Vegetable Korma, Basmati, Pakora, Naan, Chap Chae (my personal favorite), Chicken Tandoori, and a slew of vegetarian dishes that are by no means an afterthought to appease the vegetarians in the room: they are the best dishes offered, in most cases. Dal and a couple of dessert options (mango pudding!) round out the experience. There's a focus on healthy food and preparation, seen everywhere in the place from signs detailing gluten-free and vegan offerings to the owner's multiple degrees in Public Health, etc.Even that sounds deceptively simple. It's hard to convey the feeling of euphoria that occurs when you actually eat this stuff--and eat you will--too much, every time. It's a testament to its 'magical' qualities that no matter how much you consume at Everest, you won't walk out of the place feeling gross and sleepy--no shame spiral here. :) Just extreme contentedness.Did I mention that it's $8.95?Dinner does not offer a buffet but a great menu of delicious dishes with huge portions. Expect a leisurely meal. Be sure to take a few candied anise seeds as you're walking out the door.The only complaint I have about Everest is that the quarters are a little cramped--with the crowds that they get, they could easily double their dining room, and fill it. Waiting for a table becomes an uncomfortable experience: there's nowhere for you to stand that's not in front of the door or in a diner's face. Uncool.Otherwise, I've never left Everest in anything less than a state of true happiness, an 'All is OK with the world' feeling. It's that good. In a town like St. Louis, it's a treasure. There's no reason for you not to try it out ASAP if you haven't already.
<review# 358,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/28/2010,8/8/2010,38,48,4,9,8>As a self-proclaimed 60% vegetarian (I mainly eat a lot of fish, rice, veggies, and chicken - but try to steer clear of red meat), it's a rare occasion when I venture into Meat Lovers territory. But I've heard such great things about Pappy's that I had to see for myself what all the fuss was about.The fuss is about delicious, delicious, amazing meat.I opted for the pulled chicken sandwich - this is NOT your average crock-pot stewed, brisket stringy meat soaked in BBQ sauce, sitting in a stainless steel vat for hours. This is fresh, superbly smoked chicken pulled effortlessly from the bone, in thick hearty pieces, atop a tasty bun.It was insanely good. I even tried my fiancée's ribs, which were also completely out of this world. The flavor was perfect. There were 3 BBQ sauces at our red-and-white-checkered family-style (read: share with strangers, because it's awesome) picnic table. I highly recommend all of them. I'm a fan of mixing BBQ sauces - the hot and sweet varieties were freakin'  MADE for each other. YUM.As for the sides, I sampled the potato salad and the green beans. Both were excellent. The potato salad was mustard-based, Southern style, flavorful and creamy, simple and unpretentious. The green beans weren't crisp-tender, but weren't soggy - somewhere in between. I assume they use a ton o' butter on those bad boys, because I could've eaten them as my entire lunch and been perfectly happy.Fiancée got the sweet potato fries. They were perfect. Not greasy, seasoned to perfection, sweet, quite salty and ultra-crispy. GET THEM.The only thing I could've done without was the boar's heads and references to killing pigs (their logo has a fat pig with massive butcher's tools pointed directly at it), but I get it. It's a BBQ joint. I'm still a believer in a mainly vegetarian lifestyle and I hope the meat they buy is cruelty-free and/or local. I think Pappy's would be smart to consider this or advertise as such since people are beginning to pay more attention to where their meat comes from and how its treated in its life. Nonetheless. Hands down, best BBQ I've had ever. PS, I got there at 11:45 and the line was just about out the back door. It took me 10-15 minutes to place my order, but it was out in 5 minutes. They have things under control there.
<review# 359,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/5/2010,8/7/2010,152,421,7,5,4>I was nervous to try this restaurant after reading and hearing many negative reviews, but I had a good experience here late last night. Nothing else in the area was open and serving food after 11 pm on a Sunday. We were starving and very happy to find that the Eclipse kitchen was still open. In fact, they serve food until 2 am 365 days a year!! The decor and vibe reminds me of The Standard in West Hollywood. It's polished and hip but laid back, not stuffy - a nice change of pace from dives and diners and a good choice when you want to impress someone or when you're just feeling "money" a la Swingers.The cocktail menu was right up my alley. I had the Quantum Leap, made with gin and Chartreuse. I also had the mixed greens salad, which was simple and perfect, and the Petite Croque Monsieur with fries. The sandwich was not a true Croque Monsieur IMHO because there was no cheese on the outside/top, but it was still yummy. The French fries were soggy but not too greasy. They tasted good. My sandwich and fries also came with a lot of pickles: mini gherkins with a strong anise or fennel flavor. I loved them and ate them all (Snooki would be proud!), but I'm not sure so many pickles were necessary.  Service was OK. It could have been faster and more attentive considering that the restaurant was not too crowded. The waiter also had trouble understanding my sandwich order because he was unfamiliar with my correct pronunciation. (It is "croke," not "croquet").
<review# 360,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/29/2010,8/6/2010,63,106,2,7,2>I haven't eaten anything here that was not good, I love the chimichangas and the appetizers are killer. They have a side of corn that comes with mayo, and it is amazing. They service is decent, some days are better than others, but never any issues. The chips are good, the salsa is better than Chevy's and the Guac is OMG Fresh. I have had lots of parties here because the food is filling and the portions are large. Don't eat the whole cimichanga. Just don't do it. You will have drinks and chips and appetizers and it will be so good, that you will try to eat every bite. It will hurt, you will need to loosen your belt. You will say to yourself it was so good. Crunchy and flaky, and warm and gooey with cheese and chicken... and you will try to eat the whole damn thing. If you accomplish this after everything else, it will be a double edged sword. So good, and sooooooo much. Save it and eat it later. Experience the greatness that is chimi and changa combined for your pleasure twice. The menu is small, so you can try alot, and some portions are humongous and others are not, so ask which ones to share. Get the Guac and try the chimi, take the chonga home, your pants will thank me. And in case you didn't notice, I like this place and think you should check it out. Seriously though, don't eat the whole thing. I am 6ft and 220 and it did me in, after the drinks and the chips and the guac and the apps and the sharables anyway. LOL:)Side note, great patio!! Not so great beer selction. unless of course you have cerveza on your mind.
<review# 361,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/6/2010,7/4/2010,361,578,6,10,7>This place is a little hard to pinpoint - thank goodness for my iPhone/GPS/gadgetry. Or maybe it was because I was (ever so slightly) hungover. No, it's hard to find. My friend never would have found it if I hadn't been wearing a magenta shirt and waving frantically to her driving up and down the street. But my hangover definitely helped me eat my money's worth. The food is delicious. Vegetable korma and saag were my faves, along with their rice and assorted potato goodness. Did I mention it's cheap? Next time I'll try the faluda. By the time I seriously considered a beverage, I was well on my way to fulfilling my daily caloric allotment. In case you have trouble finding it, there's a check cashing place adjoining, an Indian grocery on the other side (not adjoining) and kitty-corner from Walgreens (on Warson). Good luck. I'm not hungover anymore.
<review# 362,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/1/2010,7/3/2010,513,774,7,9,6>The hubsters and I went here after the City Museum last Saturday and had some great drinks (Oh how I loved the Melon Mint one!) and yummy Chocolate Strawberry Hookah. We chillaxed and sipped on a few drinks before heading home. I have no idea why smoking makes me so tired. I always suggest more than 2 people for a hookah because we never even come close to being done before my lungs are screaming.
<review# 363,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,5/3/2010,7/2/2010,65,153,2,4,4>I actually ran across Mom's a couple of years ago when I used to live in Webster Groves.  One day, we were feeling a little sandwichey, and so we went in......and then we walked out.  Cash only.  We both have a firm agreement that we don't like to pay stupid ATM fees if we don't need to.  So being slaves to our ease-of-use debit cards, we had to eat elsewhere.However, last weekend, we journeyed across town with a pocketful of cash and gave Mom's a shot.The store has great character.  I heard that it hadn't really changed much over the years which was a plus in my book.  The layout of the place is easy.  You simply follow the chip aisle, grab a bag, then grab a drink and go to one of the helpful staff for a sandwich.I wasn't sure what to get, but I followed my basic rule: when in doubt, go with the house special.  It wasn't hard to find, it was the Mom's Special.  A gigantic sub loaded with three kinds of meat, a layer of cheese, veggies, and 1000 Island dressing.Big.  Filling....and, uh...big and filing...and...well, it was okay.  Don't get me wrong, it wasn't bad, but it wasn't great.  It was good.  I will probably try the store out again.  You can't seriously judge a place based on one sandwich.  You have to keep coming back to find the right fit.  Much like Han Solo probably had to go through a few sidekicks to find the right wingman...wingwookiee...As far as sandwich shops go, it was good.  The character of the location and the store was wonderful.  I would recommend this place to anyone that wanted a solid sandwich, and wanted to be close enough to walk to Ted Drewes.Now of course, I am wondering if Chewie would like Mom's Deli...
<review# 364,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/14/2010,7/1/2010,38,140,7,11,8>(Trumpets)*************************My 100th Yelp Review**************************I decided that my 100th review would be on a genre dear to my heart, fried chicken.  A special shout out to Front Porch and San Tung in SF, for letting me know how good fried chicken can really be, in all it's different styles.Came here hearing off of yelp talk that porter's had some of the best fried chicken in all of st. louis.  i don't know if it's a clear cut winner but porter's is up there for it's thin crispy skin and succulent meat, i think it could have been seasoned a little more, but delicious nonetheless.  the corn fritters were little spheres of deliciousness and i'm looking forward to trying the okra fritters the next time i go back.  and the underrated side dish award goes to the cole slaw, which my friend, a cole slaw connoisseur if there ever was one, declared the "best cole slaw of my life."  it did have a nice sweetness to it.  I finished it off with a slice of sweet potato pie which was fine, but not spectacular.i can see why it's been advised to get carryout, although the cashier was very nice and food was brought out to the table (in a white box) the inside has all the charm of a beatup corporate fast food joint without any of the familiar colors or logos.  there's also a bar underneath the tables that makes it very uncomfortable to sit on the inside...just get it to go.i wish the pieces of chicken were bigger and i wish the mashed potatoes were better (next time i'll opt for the $0.40 french fry upgrade).  other than that, it's cheap, tasty, and judging by the diversity of it's carryout clientele, way more popular and well known than the 8 reviews on yelp would have you believe.
<review# 365,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,5/6/2010,6/30/2010,24,68,2,5,2>What a beautiful spot.  I went here for a lunch on  a 73 degree day for a lunch meeting and could barely pull myself away to get back into the office.  I was in a group of 7 and we didn't have to wait too long for a table however from there the service slowed down considerably.  I wouldn't say this is the place to come for an hour-long lunch.I ordered the turkey club sandwich which was good but nothing special.  A few people ordered the burger and seemed to enjoy it and the person that ordered one of the pizzas finished the whole thing.I don't think I'll head back to the Boathouse for the food but when I'm looking for a place to sit out on a nice day, order a few drinks, and enjoy the outdoors I'll definitely be back.
<review# 366,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/27/2010,6/29/2010,9,33,3,11,11>What a fantastic shop! I had been considering getting a scooter for a long time, but it wasn't until I noticed Maplewood Scooter (in an old Ford dealership on the corner of Manchester and Big Bend) as I drove by that I decided to go in to take a look.Maplewood Scooters carries Genuine Scooters (my scooter of choice), Sym, Motofino and Sachs. They offer financing through Boulevard Bank and some of the motorsports specialists as well.When I came in, I was not only well-informed about each of the scooters they carry, but I was essentially interviewed so they could match me up to a scooter that meets my needs. They're not the kind of shop that will push their most expensive model on the person coming in and looking for a cheap 50cc ride. They did a wonderful job matching me up with a model and an engine size and boy does my scoot suit me! I'm more of a speed demon than I thought I was.In addition to all their great scooter related services, they have coffee and tea for customers as well.I paid MSRP for my scooter, and they didn't charge me for set up and shipping fees that many other scooter dealers do. It's not common for a customer to walk out of a scooter store having paid MSRP, from what I understand from my scooting friends. I've also picked up a few other accessories there-- a rear rack and a cover. I could have bought a helmet and a jacket there as well, but I opted to order them online so I could have the perfect look). Basically this store is full-service and really go the extra miles to make their customers happy. In the two weeks with my scooter I've put on 200 miles getting 75-90 mpg. Yeehaw! It's really more fun than six flags and can make the worst of commutes completely tolerable. I highly recommend this store AND scooter ownership.
<review# 367,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/4/2010,6/28/2010,68,131,2,7,3>My boyfriend and I have two dogs (who are not fans of other dogs) that needed baths the day before Thanksgiving. I called Four Muddy Paws before stopping in to see if they would be able to help us get our dogs in without encountering others.  The staff was SO friendly and 100% understanding! What a breath of fresh air! They helped us sneak our dogs in and let us have the end bathing area.  It was so nice here, I doubt I will ever try to give them a bath at home again! All shampoo and conditioner is provided in the price of your wash. Shammies, hair dryers, brushes- you name it they have it ready for you! And it was very nice for us to be able to wash our pups ourselves instead of handing them over to a groomer they don't know. It was a nice bonding experience.  Soothing music, warm and cozy.Four Muddy Paws also has a great selection of pet food, treats and unique products you won't find in other pet stores. Many specialty items like their STL Cards food bowl and collars with beer bottle caps!My dogs are rescued pit bulls, and many times people judge them just by how they look. No one at Four Muddy Paws did this to us.  In fact, they were above and beyond welcoming. I can't say in words how much this meant to me and my boyfriend.  We will be return customers!
<review# 368,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/3/2010,6/27/2010,36,255,4,5,5>OMG THIS PLACE HAS FULFILLED MY DREAM PLACE!!!!! My friend and i actually came to the CWE to study and wanted to stop by for a quick lunch....... UNTIL... we saw... "FREE WI-FI" and OUTDOOR SEATING. What? Oh, we're staying put.Decor: It's small, next to Scape (they share bathrooms with them, so go check out a fancy-schmancy bathroom while having a casual meal). Otherwise, there's both indoor and outdoor seating (our goal) and it's really casual inside. Spacious enough.Service: The cashiers are nice, and the servers/chefs are very prompt. I especially took a liking to this one guy who was a crazy parker (we watched him as we were eating, haha). Everyone is young, cool and chill.Food: Though I was only with one other person, we couldn't resist getting 3 crepes.. all of which are very decently sized..- California Skinny Crepe (Savory): It consisted of avocado, chicken, tomatoes, swiss and bacon. And it was DELICIOUS!!!! I really needed this one to balance our other ones out..- Chocolate Dipped Strawberry Crepe (Sweet): DELICOUS!! When I ate the chocolate dipped strawberry, the chocolate was still warm (I Know!!!!) and the nutella and the cream (a heavier, rich delicious cream) just worked fantastic with the grilled crepe- Granny Smith Crepe: Oooooh, brown sugar, cinamonny, apple-y goodness. The most 'boring' out of the 3 (believe it or not), but still delish nonetheless.Price: Everything was less than $10, around $7-$9. Bottom Line: I LOVE THIS PLACE! Food is FANTASTIC, we got some studying done outside in the sun and the people are really nice. Next time, I want to try their gelato and they have BREAKFAST FOODS. WHAT? :]
<review# 369,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,4/20/2010,6/26/2010,21,91,9,4,4>Oh Uncle Bills, what a service you provide to the fine citizens of this city.  You understand the plight of being hungry at 2 in the morning.  You are all too familiar with the "munchies" and the "drunken munchies".  Not only do you provide the kind of greasy, artery clogging goodness that perfectly meshes with various level of intoxication, but you also provide a place to have a glass of water (or five) to "sober up" for the long drive home.  And most of all, you are a step up from other late night offerings, and the cast of characters you warmly invite are far less threatening or odd as the ones at Denny's or White Castles, while being equally entertaining.So Uncle Bills, while your food isn't really all that great, your interior hasn't been updated since 1981, it's often very loud, smoke-filled, and several steps beneath classy...I'm still glad you're here.
<review# 370,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/4/2010,6/25/2010,23,140,6,6,5>Okay, here's the deal. I'm lactose intolerant, therefore pizza does some things to my stomach that I really can't talk about here. Pi, however, is worth the aftermath.As a former Chicagoan trapped in a city that puts disgusting provel cheese everywhere mozerella is supposed to be, I have a hard time finding edible pizza in the STL. I normally end up ordering from Papa John's and places like that because, while they arent "good", they also don't suck completely and at least you know what you're getting.Pi fixed my St. Louis pizza problem. Their deep dish is Chicago-quality. I'm talking Lou Maltani's good. And I don't even love deep dish.Their thin crust is fantastic as well and all the different types of toppings make this place truly unique. Be sure to plan for a couple of hours if you are headed there during peak restaurant hours because everyone else seems to have figured out that Pi is the best as well. In a nutshell, despite my stomach disagreeing with cheese, I'm willing to sacrifice for this amazing za.
<review# 371,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/11/2010,1/11/2011,513,774,,10,5>I've been on the quest for an awesome hairstylist for almost 4 years now. Seriously, I drive 3 hours just to go back home at least 5 times a year for my stylist to fix whatever the other St. Louis stylist and God forbid the horrible stylists over in the Fairview Heights area has screwed up on. My lovely fellow Yelper Erin sent me to Amy at the school. SHE IS AMAZING! Seriously, rocks. It took awhile since she was fixing a major screw up from an large chain salon (in the St. Clair Square Mall), I have so much color, the cutest cut. I will never go anywhere else again! Even with a correction, 4 colors (and even those were personal mixes), and a cut and tip was still $30-40 less than ANYWHERE I paid in St. Louis. They do all hair as well. I couldn't believe how slammed they were all day and with all the different types they did. Check it out at least once. I mean a haircut alone is only like $14 for a girl!
<review# 372,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/23/2010,1/10/2011,42,71,6,5,6>From the pictures I'd seen and the signs out front, I'd almost expected to walk inside the Sanctuaria and find it filled with Cenobites and people in Crow make-up. And I would have been ok with that, as long as the food was decent. In reality, there are no Cenobites; not even a facial piercing to be found. But the food was decent. I like my spaces weird and my menus weirder, and Sanctuaria delivers on both counts... though maybe a little more on one than the other. The place looks like it was assembled during a design competition between Clive Barker and Rob Zombie, all metal and skeletons and weird baby dolls propped up on cannonballs and pinned to the wall (bonus points and a free beer from me if you spot the semi-naked nun puppet). The menu is a crazy mix of Latinish yummage drizzled in spicy goo (that's a good thing, fyi). I nibbled on their jalapeno cornbread, chihuahua and guava empanadas, and tostones. All of them got my fork and fingers nice and dirty, but only the empanadas made my tongue sizzle. Honestly, I was a little disappointed with the food, but I'm flying the four-star flag because A) the place is f'ing badass; B) the staff was remarkably nice, adept, and fun; and C) there are still dozens of other dishes to try. And an extra star for the nun puppet.
<review# 373,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,3/3/2010,1/9/2011,159,623,7,6,5>The mystique of the White Barn runs deep in this area in St. Louis.  There's barely any reference to it on the omniscient Google beyond a blog post, the Moline Acres Chamber of Commerce, and now this Yelp page.  They do have a Facebook fan page complete with loyal fans.I mentioned that I was going to try this place out and a coworker responded, "That's the town where they recovered my Jeep riddled in bullets!"  This establishment is what it says - a freaking white barn, where you order at one window and pay/pick up at the next.  But let's not get caught up in the nitty gritty details.  Let's talk about the burger.  I swear there's some pork in the patty, but I'm not sure.  Apparently "everything on it" does not include lettuce and tomato.  They put some interesting spices in the burger that made it quite tasty, and the suspiciously meatloafiness made me think there was more than just beef in it.  Regardless, I thoroughly enjoyed it.  They also offer sides such as jalapeno poppers and fried okra.  What cracks me up about this place is that they only serve St. Louis native Vess soda.  I wouldn't go out of my way to try this place out, but I'll definitely stop by again.
<review# 374,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/23/2010,1/8/2011,207,169,25,7,9>Let me tell you the story of Hilary Duff the Boba Nazi and Saint Louis Bubble Tea.Today, my lunch + fun = funch work crew planned on going to Pita + and the Saint Louis Bubble Tea house for dessert. They are both next door to each other on Olive, so our plan was a good one.The adventure started out poorly, as we decided to go to Saint Louis Rotisserie in place of Pita +, but that experience will be reviewed elsewhere.So we walk into bubble tea, simultaneously overcome by the billboard sized 25 foot tall wall menu and our anticipation for our first bubble treats. Too bad our fantasy was destroyed by Hilary Duff the Boba Nazi.Eyes shining with delight, we asked her what the quintessential boba tea was, which was the tastiest, and which one she would like best herself.  We laughed, we batted our eyes, we threw down the wide eyed doey curiosity so thick Hitler himself would have caved in. But not Hilary Duff the Boba Nazi. HDTBN was all business, no bubbles. She answered our questions as though the SS were demanding a field report from their top commander. I don't think someone could have explained Bubble Snow any colder than HDTBN.But on this day, our bubble fever was too high for Hilary Duff the Boba Nazi. We couldn't be cooled down by her icy demeanor. Oh, HDTBN was hard to beat. She raged over the boba tea machines, sputtering them to speeds so fast, they screamed like Nazi camps come back from hell. In the end, she was no match for us.Gallantly, we raised our two mango boba snows and one chocolate pudding boba tea with joy, and were resplendent in our victory. The mango boba snows were like super happy hello kitties in a cup. I will go back to this bubble tea shop. HDTBN wouldn't let me take pictures of the menu because she said that competition in the STL area was high, and that enemies of the state of bubble have tried to uncover their secrets, posing as phototaking customers.  I don't blame her on this tactical operation, as you can tell this shop was probably the first of its kind in the area, before bubble tea got all hip to the squares.This story would not be complete if I did not mention the one causality that our bubble dreams suffered. In perhaps the final and most crucial move on the part of Hilary Duff the Boba Nazi, she did not warn us against ordering the chocolate pudding boba tea. In fact, she gave no warning signs at all. To our dismay, the chocolate pudding boba tea was like drinking a hobo's placenta through a straw. I imagine that HDTBN, and fellow co worker, the jazz I smell excrement bass player, kept shop the rest of the day, knowingly smirking at each other over their bubble secrets, surely aware of the detonation they planted among us.
<review# 375,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/9/2010,1/7/2011,92,533,10,10,5>Why isn't this place way more crowded?   For the "authentic" Mexican food lover (La Vallesana type), you have to check this place out.  I've had three types of tacos, Carne Asada, Pollo and Barabacoa and a Pollo fajita burrito.  All were fantastic.  This might now be my favorite place in town.  Hot sauce is the kind made from the roasted peppers, not the fresh tomato salsa you get at most places.  They also give you a green (avacado-based) sauce that's really good, too.  I love the decor here.  It's always a bonus when you don't have to sit outside.  They obviously bought the full setting from a Chinese restaurant of some sort.  There are nice wooden chairs and tables. bamboo planters with Chinese characters on it and the kind of Thomas Kincaid type prints you see at American Chinese joints.  Yes, it's kind of funny, but it's way way nicer than any other Taqueria that I've been to in St. Louis.  Not that the competition is very stiff, mind you - see my review of Monarca.   It's kind of hard to find, which probably explains the lack of crowds.  Heading east on Page, it's just over the hill past Jack-in-the-Box and before Bek-Hee, noted Chinese dive.  The second of two crappy strip malls back off the road. Bottom line:   If you like Mexican, get your ass over there and give them some business so they don't go away.   After they spent all that money on Chinese furniture, it's the least you can do.
<review# 376,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/23/2009,1/6/2011,25,45,14,12,9>Does anyone remember Shoney's?  Remember that decor of pseudo-70's hipness?  Remember their menus that stuck together?  Or...wait, do you remember Denny's back in the day?  I mean, waaaay back in the day before they tried to be all nice and stuff?Then, welcome to Golden Pancake: a throwback to the good ol' breakfast days when the decor was borderline icky, the servers were on their feet way too much and showed it, and the food didn't necessarily "wow" you, but did fulfill your appetite for a little bit o' grease after a long night of partying.Golden Pancake has puh-lenty of seating, so stop on by any time.  I'm a frequent goer and have my favorite booth, so avoid the second booth next to the window.  :)  Their menu is fairly typical of the old trucker stop restaurants where the food selections were basic but plentiful.  I have only gone for breakfast, and have yet to be disappointed.  (Please note: upon entering, set standards low.  This isn't a hip CWE brunching joint with mimosas.)With each plate, you can get some of their delicious, basic pancakes or a nice sized portion of hash browns.  The entrees can be made with Egg Beaters (but, I mean, really?) and you can get any kind of typical breakfast meal and a reasonable price.  One nice thing I really like: all the meat is turkey based!  That's right...turkey ham and turkey sausage.  Helps on the calories a bit, and you don't lose any flavor, in my opinion.The staff at the Pancake (please, if you are a regular, no need for the "Golden") is friendly, welcoming, and generous with the coffee (which is just OK).  The staff works hard and it shows, so tip them well.  On the downside is the smoking area.  It is off to the side, but all you need is one guy lighting up, and the whole place kinda smells of it.  Lucky for me, smokers don't frequent my Pancake.  (When WILL those laws pass?)So...if you are looking for a good, quick, standard breakfast at a reasonable price and you don't mind it being a little low-brow, Golden Pancake it so you.  Just remember to stay outta my booth. :)
<review# 377,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/14/2010,1/5/2011,60,35,7,10,6>NEW MENU ITEMS!!Disclaimer: The online menu is outdated. FYI: All this was not consumed solely by little ole me.Gumbo Sampler (replaced the Chili Sampler):There were 3 different types of gumbo served with a small portion of rice in 4 ramekins. Taste-wise, I'm guessing it was Vegetable, Some Kind of Spice, & Seafood. But, I'd say to skip the sampler & go for a full bowl of the Seafood Gumbo! Yum!Pulled Pork Flatbread:Fresh house-made dough topped with pulled pork, apple, bacon, and Vermont cheddar cheese. Just the perfect combination of sweet & salty goodness balanced by the subtlety of cheddar. There are 3 different sauces (4 if you want to count ketchup) on the table for your dipping pleasure.Roasted Duck Breast (replaced their Half Duck):We went prepared to gorge ourselves in the tenderness that they call duck, but to our dismay, a breast replaced half of a duck! The price didn't change. Sigh. Even though there was a decrease in quantity the quality was superb! Bratwurst Burger:We, actually maybe only one person, were still not satisfied, in terms of being full. So out came the menu to try my very first bratwurst! Oh so juicy & oh so good! The bread looked a kin to a croissant - fluffy, chewy, slightly buttery, & flaky all at the same time! Mmm...Sides:We got mashed potatoes with the duck & jalapeno cream of corn with the bratwurst. I was expecting a lot more of a jalapeno zing with the cream of corn, but it was pretty bland. Then again, the main dishes made up for blandness. Maybe the idea was to use the sides to clean the palette? Closing Remarks:- I do have one suggestion. MUSHROOMS! I kept on thinking how each of these dishes would taste so good topped with mushrooms!- I am officially on the search for a restaurant that serves a whole duck. Any suggestions?
<review# 378,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/4/2010,1/3/2011,24,68,2,5,3>Whenever my beer/wine/liquor supply is running low I don't even think twice about where to stock up and get in the car and drive to Randall's. The staff there is knowledgeable and willing to help when you have a questions whether it's something as simple as "Where's xyz located?" or a bit more complex like "What's a good choice for a bottle of wine for a party where the theme is $10 or less?" While I appreciate the great selection of liquor and wine that Randall's has, the most impressive part of the store for me is the beer area. Randall's has all of your standard "big name" beers as well as a great selection of North American craft beers and foreign brews (I'm looking at you Belgian beer section) Another plus - a full wall of mixers so you don't have to make a second stop at a grocery store to grab additional ingredients for your favorite mixed libation. Whether you're buying for your next party or just for the next evening don't miss this spot.
<review# 379,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/31/2010,1/2/2011,15,68,,13,4>Walked in last Friday night around 8 pm, no reservations, wearing shorts and a t-shirt. Hostess said she was booked inside, but we could sit at the bar or wait for a table outside to open up. We decided to eat at the bar, and boy, I'm very, very glad we did.We split the peach salad, which was served with house made ricotta, greens, and a raspberry vinaigrette reduction. It was spectacular. The ricotta and peaches were such a great combination that I went to the farmer's market on Saturday and picked up some myself.She had the bacon wrapped meatloaf, which was great! Perfectly cooked, well priced ($11!), and came with spectacular mashed potatoes. My wife was extremely pleased with this dish.I had the pompano. I couldn't resist ordering fish after hearing the raves about the chef's work with fish, and the raves were spot on. It was served blackened perfectly, atop some house made creamed corn, some kind of bread/biscuit, and with some tomato confit. Perfect all the way around. I loved this dish, and found the portion to be absolutely perfect.This is fine dining at its best, and very reasonably priced.Yays:- Great service, even at the bar- The food was outstanding. Some of the best I've had in St. Louis, and served quite nicely.- The pricing is kind of ridiculous. Our total meal, including a beer for my wife, was under $45. That's insane for fine dining. I've paid well more than $25 for a fish entree like I got here.- The portions are just right. Some might complain they're small, but I left pleasantly full from my meal, and we didn't even have dessert. - It's great to see some fine dining in this area that isn't overpriced italian.Nays: - It's a small venue. I think they should take over the rest of the block.- My pompano did take forever to come out from the kitchen. My wife had already finished her meatloaf by the time it showed up. I'm not sure if this was planned or just poor execution on a busy Friday night. I excuse it since the chef came out to let us know it would be a bit, then delivered the food himself, and THEN came back to see if it was OK.
<review# 380,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/13/2010,1/1/2011,38,146,1,14,5>Three months into living at Park Forest Apartments, and I am seriously smitten with the place. The staff is friendly and courteous, but the upmost professionals.  The ladies in the office remember me in person and always asked about our wedding. Their maintenance staff is phenomenal (and available 24 hours!). They always respond within 30-45 minutes, even for minor repairs. And they leave notes explaining what was wrong and how they corrected it. Once, a staff member drew a picture for us to explain what was going on with our plumbing. And, for this particular call, the office followed up the next day to ensure everything was fixed. The apartments are nice quality with lovely touches like all brushed silver fixtures. All apartments have either a patio or balcony and some storage. The complex has valet trash & recycling, a large swimming pool, a 24 hour fitness center, a club house you can rent free of charge, a playground, sand volleyball, and it is right next to the River Des Peres Greenway. We are also loving the location- between Watson & Gravois, close to Affton, Webster Groves, Shrewsbury, and South City. If you are apartment hunting in this area, definitely check it out!
<review# 381,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/24/2008,12/6/2008,20,319,3,5,3>The place seems kinda 'corporate chain' Italian, but I have no problem with the food. Everything I've had here is top notch and fresh. The lobster bisque is great. The salads are substantial and the pasta I've had is as good as anywhere. The place is large and has outdoor seating, and made it nice for a large family.
<review# 382,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/14/2008,12/5/2008,237,381,3,4,6>Any time I bring someone to STL I bring them to this Ted Drewes.  It is by far the best custard EVER!!!!  It's the thickest, richest, best custard  known to man kind!I don't think I can add anything that anyone else hasn't already said!But I am glad I don't live in the area I would be huge!
<review# 383,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/29/2008,12/4/2008,384,258,1,3,4>This little shop is home to my FAVORITE hairstylist Cassie.She is renting a spot here and it's quite a drive for me but well worth it.She's awesome with hair and color and great to talk to as well.  If you're looking for someone new.....give her a try!  Call early though since she books up way in advance.  She does have evening hours so you have no excuse.
<review# 384,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/4/2008,12/3/2008,95,712,1,19,6>I spent an incredible four years at Wash U. The name carries a lot of weight when looking for jobs or applying for grad school.The experience was truly amazing. I had caring professors (except one terrible classic professor - Rosenberg, maybe?), a wonderful advisor, several professors/mentors with whom I still regularly visit, and a supportive and open community. The students are liberal, the administration is conservative, and the climate is open and fair - not all that common in Missouri.The campus is small and contained, but you can choose to venture out into the city or the region as much as you want. I really valued the containment.The sports are actually really amazing here, contrary to another reviewer's post. The women's basketball team broke records for most consecutive wins in a row (the only NCAA team in history that has more than our 81 is John Wooten's 70's UCLA team), the men's basketball team is doing really well, and the volleyball team has won several championships as well. It's not a DI school, but that's exactly why I went here. DIII means more focus on academics, and that's why Wash U is considered as top notch (if not better than some) as the Ivy League schools. That's also why it costs so friggin much you'll never be out of debt. I had a full tuition scholarship and I still have $20k in loans because of housing and such. But the costs are on par with similar schools. I think how much money you make after graduation depends on what you go into, not what school you go to. I don't know any postdocs making all that much, so you're gonna have to work your ass off to pay back the loans if you don't go into a high salary field. That said, I went into nonprofit and think Wash U prepared me for a very successful career and an incredible life as an adult with exposure to many different fields. I'm extremely proud to be a Wash U alum, and welcome any questions from people considering Wash U as one of their choices.
<review# 385,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/11/2008,12/2/2008,38,287,4,5,5>Nowhere in town will you find a coffee shop cooler than Kaldi's. Not even the other Kaldi's locations that have popped up in such places as Kirkwood and downtown Clayton. Accept no substitute (and really, they don't even come close). This is the one that started it all. The coffee shop by which all other coffee shops should be judged. The original Kaldi's in the cozy Demun neighborhood is like a bastion of goodness. Maybe that's just because I hate commercialism. I hate coffee shops that are just mirror images of each other (though I won't lie and say I don't go to "those" shops in a pinch-like at the airport when I need a jolt of energy). If I can avoid chains, I will, by all means. After all, I'm the girl who wore pants to my elementary school graduation when all the other girls wore dresses. I'm a rebel, darnit.I am a bit of a hippie, too. I love walking barefoot through the park in my flowing pink skirt. I love eating vegetables and listening to the Indigo Girls. I love sitting on a blanket and eating my veggie burger with Vermont cheddar (an old staple of Kaldi's which is sadly off the menu). I love herbal iced tea and homemade blueberry pie. Their Mediterranean salad with housemade tahini yogurt dressing and thick as paste hummus seasoned with a kick of chile are to die for. Goodness lies here.The outdoor seating area is peaceful, and makes you feel as if you're in northern Cali which, to me is a good thing. I love taking beverages across the street to Concordia Seminary's grassy knoll. Sometimes I even bring a frisbee so my friends can laugh at me.It's all there. Kaldi's has a formula no other shop can replicate. It's part intellectual, part artsy, part liberal, part quinoa-scented...part perfect.
<review# 386,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/15/2008,12/1/2008,551,597,3,3,3>Perfect pre-theatre dinner directly across the street from the FOX theatre... delicious food and even MORE incredible DESSERTS!!! Only complaint would be the light pour of the bartender for my 9.00 glass of wine...
<review# 387,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/15/2008,11/30/2008,40,27,5,5,6>Being a history buff, and a girl who's fascinated by slavery, I felt obligated to go. The building is beautiful, inside and out, full of small little details. I'm very fond of the dome with its fascinatingly-detailed murals, and the little turtles on the fences outside..There's museum exhibits on Missouri and its history, and a room dedicated to the Dred Scott v. Sanford case. You can even re-enact the case with their newly-made court room resembling that of 1857. However, it's not as fun when it's just you and your brother around.I'd suggest taking a day off to go through the Old Courthouse; it's huge, full of information, history, beauty, and all-around interestingness.
<review# 388,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,5/11/2008,11/29/2008,63,91,19,8,7>Dear Laclede Street Bar and Grill Owners,Take a look at a map. In case you have not noticed, Massachusetts is not a foreign country. In fact, as you see, it is directly attached to New Hampshire, Vermont, New York, Connecticut, Rhode Island, and possibly also a little slice of Maine (but I do not remember if this is quite the case), making it reliably within the United States, and the 48 continental ones, at that. Massachusetts was, in fact, where much of the American Revolution was planned and took place. The Tea Party was there. Their National Football League team is called the New England Patriots. Paul Revere made silver and rode around like a banshee on his horse there warning us all that the British were coming. You know, the birthplace of America. And all that.So could you please explain to me why you insist on calling (and pricing) Sam Adams as an import beer?Here is the conversation I had with a bartender at Laclede Street last month.Me: What is on the open bar?Bartender Dude: Domestic beers and well drinks.Me: OK, I'll have a Sam.Bartender Dude: That's an import.Me: What? How is that possible? It's made in Massachusetts.Bartender Dude: Sorry, it's an import.Me: How can you import something that is already made in this country?Bartender Dude: I don't know, but it's an import.Me: OK, what is considered domestic?Bartender Dude: Bud, Bud Light...Me: Yeah, I'll take a gin and tonic.I promise you that it is impossible to import things from Massachusetts. Otherwise, I really would be currently living in a foreign country, and I would have had to get a green card to move here to New York. I didn't.
<review# 389,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/21/2008,11/28/2008,152,421,2,3,5>My favorite place for yoga! Since coming here I've been able to incorporate yoga into my schedule at least once a week. Urban Breath offers a variety of instructors and classes as well as workshops. All the teachers I've taken from have been very knowledgeable, welcoming, and down-to-earth. I like the online payment and sign-up features as well as the ambiance of their Dogtown location (I'm a sucker for tin ceilings).
<review# 390,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/20/2008,11/27/2008,4302,1549,7,7,7>After a long day of sipping (err, downing) vino in Hermann, Missouri, my family stalked 'The Hill' for a parking spot near Zia's. Then we saw the line of people waiting... forget it, we decide. After all, pasta is pasta, right?Wrong. We spotted a parking spot directly in front of Gian-Tony's. We arrived with empty bellies, great expectations and no reservations. On a Saturday evening at 7 pm on the popular dining destination 'The Hill', no less. Our hostess was gracious and friendly, promising a table on the beautiful patio in less than 5 minutes. Can I give her a big Sicilian kiss already?We literally soaked up our hunger with the fresh bread and olive oil. Following a classic house salad, out came my pollo spedini. The dish was quite different from spedini I've had in the past, rolled with broccoli and provel and served in a peppercorn cream sauce. But good. Service was okay, but the Southern Italian food with a twist and lovely alfresco dining stole the show. Mom-approved :)
<review# 391,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/5/2014,7/3/2014,68,108,4,7,6>This review only entails the bar and not the food...Boy, I am really torn on this review.  We stopped in to Gamlin over the holidays to have a few drinks.  The space is pretty cool as we bellied up to the bar.  First off, our bartender that day was really great.  To be honest, he is the reason I am giving Gamlin 4 stars.  Since I am not a whiskey expert, he was really patient and provided great guidance on all the various whiskeys, etc.  In addition, he definitely made us feel welcome and not feel like we were idiots.  Furthermore, the drinks were great.  While not much goes into them, the Manhattan I had was one of the best I can recall having before.My real issue is with the prices here.  I know that most places charge around $10 for craft cocktails these days, but since I asked for Hudson rye in my Manhattan, the drink ended up costing $20.  Seriously?  It was not like I asked for a 30 year Highland Park single malt.  Wow.  That seems a bit pricy to me but perhaps I am just crotchety...
<review# 392,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/18/2013,7/2/2014,438,182,6,9,10>I would have snapped a picture of the Pineapple Whip Cream tart I had- but Idevoured it so fast, there was nothing left but sparkly sugar crystals that had fallen onto my jeans... :( im sorry Yelpers-But HEY! let me say-Darling honey and I had to stop by Zias to get a giftcard and bc he had been here inthe past, (and because we stole parking in their lot) we decided to drop in-I am glad we did-we had ordered two pretzel pastries for breakfast 2mm morning, and then ordereda couple desserts- although I was stil STUFFED from Adriana's, I neverturn down dessert.Honey had ordered a beignet after deliberation- and he seemed to enjoy it-I was torn between a few things, but ultimately settled on the pineapple whip cream tart---- i like to feel like the palm trees are swaying right outside so anything tropical or tropial flavored, or whatever---- im down.At first bite- i didnt taste much pineapple-- none to be exact-but once honey took a bite, and got to the middle there was luscious pineapple filling amongst a light and airy puffy pastry-so delish!!!!!!! it was delightful- and i cant wait to taste more of their other kinds-! or my pretzel for breakfast tomorrow! BTW- there IS an atm located- so if you dont have cash- no worries :)
<review# 393,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/1/2014,7/1/2014,319,681,2,7,5>Located a block south of the Soulard i-Tap and around the corner from the historic Soulard Farmers Market - . Sweet Divine is a local hero (winner of Food Networks "Cupcake Wars") and a great fix for those with a sweet tooth.  I may not be at the top of the cupcake craze fan list, but I sure dig breakfast croissants, moon pies (especially the banana - YUM), and  beautiful cakes. I also like the decorated cake pops, which I have used as party favors and they were a big hit.  BEWARE. they don't have a restroom available for customers.
<review# 394,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/26/2014,6/30/2014,282,158,5,6,6>Only been into the tasting room a few times but i'm frequently buying their beer at schnucks.The tasting room isn't very big but they pack tons of seating inside. There are glass windows behind the bar so you can scope out the brewing facility, always a fun part of visiting craft breweries. If you're hungry they have a menu provided by The Fifth Wheel, you just order and pay at a separate window and they'll bring it out. I strongly suggest the pretzels with jalapeño mustard, SO GOOD. Favorite beers include the Morning Glory, their spiced sweet potato beer. It has the most incredible flavor, EVER. It knocks every "pumpkin" beer out of the park. I also love the chocolate milk stout, but only once in a while as i'm not a sweet beer drinker. Super tasty though. Always have enjoyed the Centennial Red, so glad its always in stores and the taproom. All time favorite has been the Resurrection IPA. 4 Hands, bring back Resurrection asap!
<review# 395,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/13/2014,6/29/2014,98,1037,4,6,4>Words cannot express how good my sandwich was.  I chose the Big Bend Mafia: italian beef, salsiccia, giardiniera & provolone on a garlic hoagie.  Son of a bitch.  This big fat greasy messy was slathered with olives, pickled celery, and all kinds of other goodies.  I didn't get a side, but I didn't need one.  With this one visit, this easily has made my top 5 sandwich stops.  If you are in the area, you have to give them a try. And for all of you that don't eat meat (you're insane) they have lots of vegetarian options.
<review# 396,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/19/2014,6/28/2014,107,82,,9,5>What a hidden gem. I would never have noticed this place if I didn't go looking for it, since it has a dark exterior and is in kind of in a weird location (on the corner of Chouteau and Mississippi, which is mostly residential without many other businesses immediately nearby), but that gives it almost a speakeasy vibe, which I dig.The inside is deliciously swanky with the dim lighting and victorian pattern wallpaper. My friend from NYC was super pleased, saying this was a "chic" bar she would expect to find in the city, not on a random street corner of St. Louis. Kind of a back-handed compliment, but in defense of St. Louis, I have to point out that a place like this in NYC would definitely leave a couple of students bankrupt, yet the drinks ran for only $8-11 a piece here. Not just affordable, but a down-right steal considering that we're talking about beautiful, hand-crafted cocktails. The bar was packed on a Saturday night, but we only had to wait about 10-15 minutes before snagging three spots at the bar upstairs, which was much cozier and more intimate feeling. The service was a smidgeon on the slow side, but that's to be expected, considering the labor that goes into making each drink. All of the cocktails we had were unique and delicious, ranging from light and refreshing ("Working Title") to downright boozy ("Whisky punch"). The drinks were STRONG (thank you!) and the presentation was so beautiful (whiskey in a teacup? so cute!) that we couldn't help but take photos, which lead to jealous friends demanding to know where I was after seeing them on Instagram. Can't wait to be back!
<review# 397,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/25/2014,6/27/2014,36,74,2,7,3>This is a very unique place. Unique in the idea of it. Unique in the services it provides. It is hard to give it one overall rating because of this. Being a mom of a Little, I decided to take advantage of the low priced one-month trial membership and see if The Nest was a good fit for us before signing up for more time. After coming in about eight times here is my review - broken down into the area/things I experienced ...Food: As those who read my reviews know, i am Celiac and always on the look out for gluten-free options. One of the co-owners is also Celiac and she made it a point to have all items on the menu GF or able to be made that way. Yay! I LOVED that. But...the food was hit or miss. The GF Waffle and "Fried" Chicken with Herbed Butter was TO DIE FOR ... the Nest Burger and soggy sweet potato fries, not so much. The Butternut Squash Risotto was tasty but more like a soup with rice, not a traditional risotto. I'm giving the food 3 Stars.GF Baked Goods: Meh. I don't know who is baking their gluten-free goods but the scone was too dry and lacking flavor. The brownies were far too sweet and crumbly. After these two fails I never tried anything else in this department. Just because something is GF doesn't mean it automatically is a win. I'm sad to say they were not worth the calories. (2 stars)Coffee:Fantastic! Beyond fantastic. The Molasses Latte is my favorite thing here... and actually, my favorite in STL! (5 stars)The Hatchery/Daycare: Another fantastic rating from this lady. My daughter had only stayed with her grandma before here. They handled her separation anxiety (a-hummm... and mine, as well) with grace and ease. I had complete and utter faith in Teri and the other ladies in the daycare room. Can not say enough good, flowery words of gratitude. Thank you, thank you THANK YOU! (5+ stars)Classes:I took a parenting workshop and really loved it. The class was very informative and engaging. My only complaint with the class has to do with the room itself. The chairs were so incredibly uncomfortable (hard wood, no cushion) that it was hard to concentrate at times. I haven't taken any other types of classes but I would love to try out a yoga class or some of the classes for my daughter. Unfortunately, none of the times they offer classes have worked out with our schedule. (4 Stars)The "Treehouse"/Playground: The main play area has a sign posted that says it's for all ages, but parents are to be present with those under five. I have to say, I found the treehouse a frightening experience with my almost two year old. The slide is too tall and too steep. I'm not tall enough to be able to handle my daughter when she is at the top, having to "catch" her part way down. She has hit her head multiple times on the way down. She has been pushed out of the way many times by older kids not being watched by their adults. She has been hit in the head by kids playing basketball with the hoop placed right above the play area, and had a few near misses with the swing (again, placed right in the small play area). It's all a neat idea, in theory, but it is meant for older kids AND they have way too many ideas shoved into one small space. (2 stars)SO... I put a lot of thought into writing this review. I think the idea is a fantastic one and I really want this place to succeed. Adding up all the parts, I'm giving this place a 4-Star. If you have kids, and don't mind the chaos, stop by for a bit.
<review# 398,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/30/2014,6/26/2014,185,237,7,13,6>Dam!  I wish you were my burger.As much as I eat out at local restaurants, my experience with burgers has been pretty hit or miss.  Don't get me wrong.  I love a good burger, but it's not the first thing that I think about when dining out.  However, if you're looking for a damn fine burger, then The Dam might be your place.The Dam lies on a little strip of Morganford that most people would probably be unaware of existing.  You won't find a strip mall with a Little Caesar and a Target, next to a McDonald's.  What you will find is locally owned business, restaurants, and pubs.And if you're looking for a pub, The Dam just happens to be next to one.  They even take your orders next door!  If you're not looking for a pint, the place does have limited seating, or you can take it to go.Cheap is not a word that I would use to describe this joint.  In fact, you will probably spend around ten dollars for burger, fries, and maybe more with a drink.  You can build your own burger, with some toppings extra, or you can try one of their signature concoctions.  I've done both.I tried The Animal, a triple cheeseburger with jalapenos, grilled onions, bacon, and BBQ sauce.  This baby was smoking!  Literally.  I struggled to eat this burgers because I didn't give it time to cool.It was a good burger, but my second trip was more to my liking.  I just ordered a double with cheese, mayo, and onions.  Simplicity worked better for me, and I would definitely order a burger that way again.As for the service, expect some surliness at The Dam.  The owner was waiting on us, and she had no problem saying whatever she felt like, which doesn't bother me, but if you're a blessed soul that can't handle a little language and needs to be coddled, then you should probably eat your burgers at home.The Dam has me sold.  I look forward to my next damn burger!
<review# 399,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/14/2014,6/25/2014,86,88,,9,4>We went here over the weekend and all in all a pretty good peaceful place. It's a family style restaurant so all you order is your main course which is kind of nice. Before the meal you get cole slaw, applesauce and beets which I didn't think anyone ate beets anymore but whatever. After that you get the main course which we got the fried chicken and gizzards which were all very good and the standard sides were mashed potatoes, gravy, green beans and biscuits. All the food was good but we felt a little high on the prices but all in all a good find. The only negative is they do not accept any form of credit/debit payments so bring cash or you will be washing dishes. For us and 2 kids the bill was $53 bucks before tip but at least we did get some left overs
<review# 400,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/8/2014,6/24/2014,109,66,3,6,7>I love this cafe. It was the very first cafe I went to in St. Louis. I went with my then roommate to  figure out apartments and the owners were friendly and let us stay as long as we wanted. So, I guess this place is a bit sentimental for me. Today I went again with my current roommate and we enjoyed a leisurely brunch. We were met by the same friendly owners and staff who quickly served us our delicious food and continued to check on us throughout the brunch to see if we needed anything. I ordered the Southwest scramble and my roomie ordered the Fresh garden omelet. Both were delivered within 10 mins and we had bottomless coffee to replenish our caffeine withdrawals. My southwest scramble had just the right amount of sausage, onions and tomatoes drizzled with a spicy yet creamy chipotle sauce. The whole wheat toast was perfect for scooping up the scramble too. My roommates omelet was also tasty with fresh vegetables and pepper jack cheese (my favorite!).Not only is the food delicious here and the prices reasonable, the owners and staff are kind and will make you feel like you're eating breakfast with family. Not to mention they have a couched area in the back with plenty of space for studying or chatting.
<review# 401,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/20/2013,3/14/2014,30,54,4,6,6>ABC made me feel like I was back in New York City. You'd never know it was there standing on Washington Ave - it's directly by Hiro Asian Kitchen (also new!). ABC doesn't serve food, but you can order from Hiro while you drink your craft beers.  Cool, hipster microbrewery located in an alley behind an Asian restaurant? You can order food from a different establishment than the one where you are seated? So NYC. It looks like you can bring your own food as well. And pets can come onto the patio - okay this is more like Brooklyn at this point!The beer was stellar. I had the Citra Pale Ale which was really flavorful and light, perfect for a summer night. We sat out on the patio, where the was some great people watching, since it faces parking lots for Cardinals games as well as City Museum. Highly recommended, can't wait to come back .
<review# 402,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/28/2013,3/13/2014,108,53,1,10,7>Bridge is one of my go-to establishments in downtown St. Louis. Sporting a knock-out list of microbrews and wines, Bridge has an excellent beverage selection that rivals most late-night spots. And their food isn't half bad either.Their coffee-braised beef and sweet potato orzo is superb and their fancy take on mac and cheese is complex and rich enough for any serious foodie. They have a great space downstairs for private events that manages to keep out most of the extra sounds from the main floors.
<review# 403,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/20/2013,3/12/2014,142,89,,7,4>Woah. Third visit, third review, redemption!This time I got the sausage special (Hungarian, right now) and it was amazing! Charred, dry, flavorful, nice onions and sauerkraut. It had a pickle hiding in there too.I also had the fries with Dam sauce, this time. I liked the damn sauce and it paired well in contrast to the sausage. They should start recommending a sauce for your fries based on the sandwich you order.The water of the day did not disappoint me, either! mmm....cantaloupe. I was so happy with my lunch I had to get myself one of their Amsterdam brownies on the way out the door.
<review# 404,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/22/2013,3/11/2014,92,190,7,11,8>For starters, to allay any confusion, this is not a gay bar. Its right in the middle of the grove, which has a lot of LGBT establishments, but this one is unaffiliated.I have come here on a few occasions, mainly for late night (its open til 3 am) and once for trivia. On every occasion, I've had an awesome time. Its a very cool space, with a large indoor bar area and an outdoor patio. They have an awesome beer selection and great specials (if you check on yelp you get $1 off your first drink :)).There typically is a small cover when coming out here on the weekend and the place is converted to a large dance party (mostly), whereas during the week its a reasonably mild mannered hipster bar/restaurant.I have yet to eat here, but apparently they have great russian food and pizza. However, I can firmly endorse it as a solid late night spot (i'd probably only 2nd to Talayna's) and for their impressively challenging thrusday night trivia.
<review# 405,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/24/2013,3/10/2014,48,157,4,8,6>So this is really more of a 3.5 star place for me, but alas, we still don't get halvsies so I'm bumping to 4. I'm a bit of a Schlafly addict, but have made it my mission to try all the other micro breweries by the end of the winter; I'm not doing too well yet, but I have been to UC twice now. As far as the beer goes, Urban Chestnut isn't my favorite. They love hops. I do not share this passion. I'm a terrible German! Oh well, I like what I like, and that tends to be in the hefeweizen/wheat/ligter category.  Whichever one I liked best on my first visit wasn't on tap during my second, so I stuck with Zwickel. It's a good beer, I just wouldn't go out and buy a 6 pack of it. The real selling points of UC for me are the building and the beer garden. The inside is all exposed brick and mismatched wooden tables (they even use old sewing tables for two-tops, which is pretty cool). It's industrial but still warm. However it does get loud, especially with the post-work, shirt and tie annoying douche-y set (which were less prevalent on my second visit, thankfully). The outside patio is massive, has a second bar and tons of picnic tables with umbrellas. It's a great spot to sit when the weather is nice.
<review# 406,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/21/2013,3/9/2014,149,141,3,8,5>I have been to Miss Aimee B's twice, once for a baby shower and once for a regular lunch. It's such a wonderful place for both!For the baby shower, we reserved two of the connecting rooms, and the setup was done wonderfully. It was decorated for the holidays, and they even put a display in one of the corners specifically for the gift table. It was completed early enough for the shower organizers to come in and set out their own favors, etc., at each plate. Attendees that came in were greeted by a friendly hostess and allowed to choose their own seats. The food was brought out during the party without any disruption in the games, gift opening, etc. Drinks were filled in the same stealth method. We had sandwiches and dessert, and everything was very tasty. When I went for lunch, it was just about the same, but with an individual table and menu instead of a pre-planned agenda. There was the same friendly and attentive service, and the same great food. Even though there were a lot of tables in each room, it did not feel crowded. We took advantage of our time while waiting for a table to shop in their little boutiques upstairs. Both experiences were very pleasant, and I would definitely go back.
<review# 407,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/6/2014,3/8/2014,67,190,2,6,6>My only visit has been this past New Years.  I have been to Olio several times.  All I can say is wow!  Admittedly they had all the stops, but what a terrific prix fixe menu-I had a pâté, pumpkin tortellini, beef tenderloin with black truffle sauce, and a choquette. Amazing space, pacing, and service.  One of the best meals I've had in my 4.5 years in St. Louis, and probably one of my top 5 or 10 meals ever.  Especially want to try their Sunday "family style" dinner sometime.
<review# 408,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/12/2014,3/7/2014,162,212,5,11,8>First thought: Well, this has to be good -- look at how many people are here. Matthew and I waited for about 20 minutes in line, but weren't really put off too much by it. After been stuck inside due to snow, I probably could have waited for much longer and still not complained. They have the menus posted on the wall, so while you're waiting you can figure out what you want to order. The cashier was very friendly...he even inquired about my 49ers sweatshirt and the three of us chatted about the playoffs for a few minutes. I ordered a (bottomless) brewed coffee and Matthew got a hot chocolate with our lox and dam crepes. It took another 15-20 minutes for our order to come out. Sweet jebus, these crepes...albeit quite salty, were packed FULL of flavor! The smoked salmon, spinach and cream cheese all came together in a delicious firework explosion.I will definitely be returning! This place is well worth the wait.
<review# 409,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/23/2013,3/6/2014,109,92,3,11,6>If you're looking for great noodles and a ton of them, this is the place. I love going here on a cold day and warming up with some hot soup and freshly tossed noodles. Oh and the fried rice is amazing. I always get the beef or chicken and I'm never disappointed. For about $9 I can get the longest noodle I've ever eaten in my life. I just keep slurping and slurping and think I may never find the other end. I get it to go most times, but I have often eaten in here. It gets a little cold during the winter because it seems the door is constantly opening and closing with patrons rolling in to get some of these delicious noodles. However, eating in is a treat, as you can watch your noodles being made fresh right in front of you. These are simple dishes, but pack so much flavor. I like to throw a little spice in mine and turn up the heat, but they're great just as they come, too.While your'e there, check out some of the great photographs on the wall. My friend at Natalie Hinds Studios has livened up the place with some photos of the tasty choices. For a special treat make sure you try the fluffy ice. I was very hesitant at first, but oh wow how creamy and delicous this is. I was with a group of five of my friends and I was totally not on board because for one, it was cold out and for two, I'm not a big fan of snow cones and that's what I figured it would be like, but I could not have been more wrong. It was very much like eating ice cream. I don't know how they do it, but I don't question it any longer!!
<review# 410,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/1/2013,3/5/2014,80,266,6,11,4>Sweet baby Jesus with sriracha on top, these are some fantastic burgers. I had the Greek, with feta and kalamata spread and pickled veggies. Nice sweetness on all of that salty goodness. The sriracha burger was amazing--juicy and spicy deliciousness. Another had the Wakey Wakey, a blend of ground chuck and pork with cheese and a fried egg. All cooked to perfection. And the fries? I could have made a meal of those fries alone, along with some sriracha ketchup for dipping. Yes, there's a lot of sriracha, and no, that's not a bad thing. Stacked has my burger business.
<review# 411,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/6/2013,11/11/2013,72,181,2,12,5>This is the only truly-five-star restaurant in St. Louis that I've been to (better than Niche, better than Tony's, better than the Crossing).  My husband and I enjoyed a spectacular meal last night.  We started with the burrata, which was light and summery--the watermelon was an inventive addition.  We then moved on to the two best dishes in St. Louis: the octopus and the goat cheese mousse.  The octopus was perfectly cooked and the goat cheese had great flavor.  And the bread--omg, the bread!  It's served with a cannelle of butter and lemon salt.  So good!  For the entree, we split the beef and the scallops.  Both were very good--I think the scallop might have had a slight edge for me (I wished the beef had just a touch more salt on it).  For dessert we split the buckwheat cake, which was a light and delicious way to end the meal.Our waitress, Jennifer was top-notch.  The space was modern and fun.  The wine was great (Jennifer let me taste a few before ordering).  If you follow my reviews, you know that I recently moved here from Philly, and this is the first upscale restaurant in STL that would thrive in the fiercely competitive Philly dining scene.  I can't wait to go back!
<review# 412,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/30/2013,11/10/2013,92,190,3,10,5>Perfect blend of authentic speakeasy and faux speakeasy.The front entrance literally does not function, despite appearing to be legitimate with a doorbell and all. You have to go around the building to a back alley, where a fairly serious and authentic doorman subtlely asks you for the password and chareges you a 3 dollar cover.Once inside, you go down to a darkly lit basement area with authentically dressed bartenders and a variety of traditional cocktail options. There is authentic 20s style music and swing dance lessons.Overall, very cool spot for a novel night out, with great drinks. Make sure to check the website before you go for the password and to make sure its not closed for a private party (which it often is!).PS- if you check in with yelp, you can get a free drink!
<review# 413,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/7/2013,11/9/2013,44,123,7,7,7>I CANNOT WAIT TO GO BACK HERE!Why?  Not only is it lively, crowded, delightful smelling and looking, but I totally effed up my order.   That's right--I messed up MY order, not them.The first thing I got was the toasted raviolis.  I am no expert on these, but of the four or five places I have had them, these are head and shoulders above the rest.Now for my major, major error.Everyone around me was eating fabulous looking pizzas and pastas and sandwiches.  Why did I have to pick this day to be adventurous and different?I know if I get a regularly topped pizza I will be in heaven.  Why did I order the baba ganoush pizza?  "Oh yeah, I had one pita chip with baba ganoush on it once in the past and I remember it was good.  Let's ruin perfectly good pizza crust by loading it on."This was good baba.  It was topped with delicious eggplant and Greek cheeses.  DO NOT get me wrong--if a baba G pizza needed to exist, this would be the prototype.  Unfortunately, after eating one piece, the richness and bitterness of the creamy ganoush forces you to stop eating.  The crust is thin and amazing.  The ingredients are quality.  Just don't get crazy.  Sausage.  Mushroom.  Pepperoni. Heck, go crazy and get a supreme.  Next time I come here I right my wrong.  I ended up throwing away over half a pizza that I desperately wanted to eat, but could not bring my stomach to handle.
<review# 414,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/19/2013,11/8/2013,15,228,3,3,4>Quick thoughts:Excellent food - the only restaurant in Grafton that serves anything above the level of bar food.  All the dishes on our table were masterfully prepared. A wine list with super prices.  Our tab was thus very reasonable.  Decor is on the sparse side inside the building, but it is pleasant and the building itself is interesting.  There is a good-sized patio in front as well.  Not a lot of parking nearby - you just look for a spot on the street.  Service was friendly and at a European pace.  Exactly what you need when you have a couple talkers at the table.  The people who have long stories to tell, and plenty of them, need time.  Pretty patio, but loud as heck thanks to the incorrect belief among Harley riders that loud equates to better.  Let me explain that last point.  MHS is in a historic building at the south end of the Grafton "strip".  Grafton, if you are unfamiliar, is a tiny river town which has somehow become a Mecca for a fairly raucous drinking crowd.  Many of the guests arrive on their boats or Harleys.  100% of the Harleys having had their mufflers replaced with loud ones, or removed entirely, Grafton has a constant charm-killing soundtrack of revving motorcycle engines.  Since MHS is at the end, where riders leave Grafton and head out to Alton and thereabouts, sitting on the patio is like sitting by the starting line of a drag strip.  The bottom line: great restaurant for a town that doesn't offer much good food, but sit inside!
<review# 415,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/25/2013,11/7/2013,276,184,2,7,6>+ Homemade paletas+ Best horchata I've ever had+ Succulent al pastor, carnitas, & lenguaAttention THIRSTY FOLKS! La Vallesana now has a LIQUOR LICENSE! *clap clap* La Vallesana is my go-to place for taco takeout on busy days where I need something quick but satisfyingly decadent. Dining in is not a bad deal either especially on warmer days when you can sit and enjoy the warm evening light out on the patio.My favorite meats are the al pastor, carnitas, and lengua (tongue). The meats are usually tender and juicy and perfectly seasoned. There was one unfortunate time though that my carnitas turned out to be rather dry and overcooked, but I think it was an exception and not a rule. I've also had the shrimp burrito and they don't skimp on the shrimp! The fish tacos are unfortunately pretty disappointing. A tiny sliver of fried fish sits limply on a bed of iceberg (gasp...iceberg) lettuce and looks pretty pathetic next to the plumper meat-topped tacos. The homemade paletas, or ice cream bars, are amazeballs. The flavors change daily (or when they run out) but my favorites are the strawberry variations, which all have chunks of real strawberry embedded within. The best one is the strawberries and cream. The milk-based paletas are just the right amount of sweet and have a nice creamy texture. The all fruit ones can be a bit icy but they're a perfect treat for warm weather. Let me tell you about their HORCHATA. I took my mom here when she was visiting me in STL and the first thing she did when we walked through the door was make big googly eyes at the waiter carrying a tray of horchatas in big glass goblets. I ordered her one, and my dear mother slurped the whole thing down in one sitting, potential hyperglycemic consequences be damned. Best horchata in town. It's creamy and just the right amount of cinnamony sweet without being cloying. LOVE. I wish the restaurant were a bit more accommodating for larger groups because I have on multiple occasions tried to make arrangements for larger (10+ people) dinner parties but the staff/managers are not very good about calling you back or making sure your party is set so I have yet to host a successful dinner here thus far. Oh well, better luck next time!
<review# 416,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/6/2013,11/6/2013,44,83,,8,4>I wasn't at all sure what to expect from my visit to the brand-new International Photography Hall of Fame and Museum, but I really enjoyed my visit. It's a small space, essentially two large, open spaces organized into a few mini-exhibits. You'll pay $5 to get in, and the experience reflects the price well.The theme for the inaugural exhibition was nature photography, a great choice. I went with my mother, who knows a lot about photography, and we both enjoyed ourselves - her noting the technical skills of a featured Tasmanian photographer, me admiring the beauty of the dramatic images. I was very pleased by an exhibit dedicated to young photographers, which included the work of some amazingly talented high schoolers. There was also a great case with vintage advertisements for cameras, several dating to WWII.My one complaint is that there could be more interpretive material for people like me who know very little about photography. There are many historic cameras displayed in the museum, and you really have to read all of the labels to understand how they relate to one another. An introductory display showing the historical development of cameras would go a long way towards increasing it's audience's appreciation of photography as an art form. The history nerd in me also hopes they have some exhibits in the future featuring historical photography - there are a few excellent examples in the opening exhibition, including an Ansel Adams and several Muybridges, and I would love to see more.
<review# 417,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/8/2013,11/5/2013,92,533,,9,6>This funky little corner of Patch has seen a lot of restaurants come and go, but we're hoping this one stays.  Feraro's has also opened a place across the street, so for us, anyway, there are two winners here for a change.  Much better than Ma-Meh Gustos's.We were happy right off the bat when the waitress asked if it was 7 yet - she wanted us to get the happy hour fried pickles for just $2.49.  We did and they were awesome!   We also got a great burger called En Fuego.  Not exactly on fire, but cooked perfectly (medium, as ordered) and had among it's ingredients deep fried jalapeno's.  We also had a grilled chicken sandwich called, the Californian, I think, which came on a pretzel bun.   My first time for one of those - it was very fresh and soft.  For sides, we ordered fries and sweet potato fries, both were also perfect.  Prices for all their burgers were very reasonable and side portions were huge.  Next time we could probably split a burger - I was stuffed when we left.  A coupld of minor issuse with service and the juke box was too low for us to hear, really, but those are pretty minor points.  Great food at a good price - we'll be back.
<review# 418,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/8/2013,11/4/2013,41,159,,10,5>Mrs. S and I stopped in Erio's last night for our 7th Anniversary Dinner.  Regretfully, this is only the 2nd trip to Erio's for the two of us in the 4 years we've lived here. I think this visit will change that, as we were reminded of how much we enjoyed it the last time we were here.First and foremost, Erios is the best pasta this side of the Missouri River.  I'm with some of the other reviewers who compare it to the Hill, as it certainly can make its own case for that title of best in Missouri.  The experience here is something you just won't see anywhere else.  As my wife and I waited for our food, we couldn't help but notice the owner making rounds and speaking to other guests as if everyone was an old friend.  He walked past our table at first, and returned only after our food was served, just in time to ask if everything was ok, and to thank us for coming in.  It was this experience that reminded us of our last visit, where this same man had come out and spoke to us for several minutes.  He was genuinely interested in our visit, and that in itself made us want to come back.  For us, we cannot wait to go back and support Erio's Ristorante.  When an owner is as genuinely interested in providing a quality experience as he is interested in cooking a great meal, it's hard to not want to go back.
<review# 419,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/22/2012,11/3/2013,85,110,2,8,5>I have always went to this place for some epic Karaoke hosted by Allison B on Friday nights. Last night I ended up finally ordering some food. We got a 14" bacon and mushroom pizza. Oh my! Real......Thick....BACON! Amazing pizza.The staff at this place has always been very polite and professional. Tina who is the bartender is so awesome! I have never scene this place not busy with families, groups or if there is just an all out party going on at the bar. Nice TV's at the bar too.Oh..by the way...the wings are very fab...so I here.
<review# 420,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/29/2013,11/2/2013,182,97,3,9,8>Big dogs, small dogs, furry dogs, curly dogs.... They were all here and struttin' their stuff! What a wonderful event and for a good cause.  If you are a dog lover, mark your calendar for next year because you and your dog should be here!There were lots of vendors pertaining to anything and everything your dog might need!  I really liked how they talked about AVID chips.  Soooo necessary if your dog gets lost and the easiest way to get him/her back!I especially enjoyed seeing the dogs with what I call colored Mohawks.... A stripe of paint where a Mohawk would be....The event was very well organized and there was plenty of parking.Again, if you are a dog lover and didn't make it this year, mark your calendar!!!
<review# 421,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/18/2010,10/28/2010,27,82,3,3,3>I just had to update because the Italian Cream cupcake was absolutely incredible and really fresh and my service was really friendly. In the words of Peter Griffin, that is all.Also, this place has been renamed: it's now The Cup.
<review# 422,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/18/2010,10/27/2010,384,258,2,4,3>Just went recently for the Fat Tuesday party that they had there......WOOO HOOO....what fun!!!  I will add some photos to the album.We ordered the Jambalaya and the Gumbo and Clam Strips.  It was pretty tricky to get a server since it was total chaos (which we LOVED don't get me wrong) so we had to order at the bar for drinks but no complaints!The place was packed and everyone was having a great time!!!! Jambalaya is my favorite btw....and the clam strips of course.
<review# 423,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/9/2010,10/26/2010,140,254,6,11,6>"She may not look like much, but she's got it where it counts." Yeah, I just quoted "Star Wars" to lead off a positive review of an Indian food joint. WHAT?It's true, though. From the outside, Gokul looks like a ramshackle strip mall entity gone to pot. It's in the same tiny strip building as a check-cashing place, and that never raises my hopes for good food. But inside... oh, how I love the sweet, sweet flavors that await.The restaurant is completely vegetarian and smoke-free, so I'm always happy that I don't have to worry about what's going into my body. In addition to its regular vegetarian buffet, Gokul features a monthly vegan buffet. Honestly, if you like Indian food, you meat eaters wouldn't know or care that you weren't actually devouring flesh. No need for fake meat, either -- all the flavor is in the spices, cheese (paneer) and veggies.Gokul's buffet, which is available for lunch or dinner, isn't massive, but it's pretty balanced between roughly 6 hot, creamy dishes, one or two rice/grains, one or two breads, a bevy of fruits and vegetables and at least one dessert. I honestly have never had a bad meal here, and there's always something yummy to squeal over. Last night, I hit my personal jackpot, as vegetable korma AND paneer tikka masala was available. Usually, there's only one or the other -- along with other dishes -- when I go. To make things even better, they had one of my favorite desserts ever -- gulab jamun. Those are the little doughnut-like balls that swim in delicious honey-like syrup. It was like the Gokul folks knew I was coming! Total awesome sauce.The staff at Gokul are very friendly and take dirty plates away promptly. They're also really, really good about refilling your water glass quickly. Even better -- they show fun Bollywood movies on the big wall toward the back of the restaurant. Dinner and a movie takes on a whole new meaning here, and I adore it.Because it's on Page somewhat near Lindbergh, I only stop in when I have other tasks to take care of out in the County. I've been making a bigger point of creating errands out that way, though, just so I can visit Gokul. For about $10, you just can't go wrong.
<review# 424,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/18/2010,10/25/2010,165,166,5,9,4>My hunny made reservations for us to hit Cioccolato for desert on Valentine's day. It was a disgusting, disgusting night outside, but it was warm and cozy inside. Because of the weather, it wasn't packed at all and we got to sit in big plush chairs while we nibbled on our deserts. To start off with, they had wonderful wine specials. So, we got a bottle, and an assortment of truffles. They had a special on chocolate covered strawberries for a dollar each, so we got a couple of those. We also got a dark chocolate caramel truffle that was maybe the best truffle I've ever put in my mouth. We had to pick it because it was shiny and resembled a jewel. And rich it was! We also got a couple of the tiramisu truffles. To. Die. For. And here is the best part. A masseuse named Dewey Dee giving free back rubs! We weren't able to stay to get one because the weather was getting really bad, but his presence in the chocolate bar was joyful. The whole experience seemed truly decadent and relaxing.The owner came out to speak to us. He was very kind and even took a picture of us. Truth be told, not even totaling my car on the way home could taint how I feel about Cioccolato. It's a great place to celebrate a special occasion, or even have an ovary fest with the girls.
<review# 425,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/27/2010,10/24/2010,220,464,9,6,8>Surrounded by symmetric glass, concrete, metal and stone is chaos.The tax payers spent all this money creating a large lighted dancing water display and kids keep interrupting the show by running through the sprays!  These kids are in the fountains, pools and under the waterfall!I walked up to a metal pieces of art (depicting a head) and a young man was inside hitting art with his feet and hands to make the sculpture a drum!  What is going on?Everyone should come witness this and report the this misuse of art and public space!  PLUS- seeing people climbing the waterfall in the created out door theater 2 blocks toward the Arch- THIS MUST BE WITNESSED AND COMPLAINTS SHOULD BE MADE!  This downtown business area and art and should be taken serious!UnCooL Dave
<review# 426,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/27/2010,10/23/2010,224,200,4,7,7>Dude. DUDE.I checked this place out after seeing Steph's glowing review on it. I needed to chill out the night before taking my nursing licensure boards.I read all the thorough descriptions on the website and also decided on the La Stone ThermoTherapy. I was able to make my appointment online, which was very convenient, and didn't have any trouble getting a slot for that night.The place in Crestwood Mall is very relaxing right as you go in. I filled out their paperwork and then had about a five minute wait as I perused their coffeetable books.Jackie was also my massage therapist. She sat down with me and asked my reasons for coming in today (apparently her top three clients are nurses, doctors, and police officers...not surprising!) and explained everything from the beginning of what to expect. She was very patient and kind.The massage engaged all my senses - the room was dimmed with candlelight (but I did have an eyemask on during the actual massage), I had headphones on playing relaxing music, she used aromatherapy...the table I was on vibrated with the music, which I knew about going in and I was afraid it would be distracting, but it wasn't. And Jackie worked her magic with hot stones and her hands literally from head to toe.Like Steph said, it was a true 60 minutes. Also, you can do the massage in your underwear or completely naked, it's up to you. She doesn't try to sway you one way or the other, but I went totally nude because I have no shame. =] And I think I got the most out of it that way. But if you are shy, she is okay with that.The massage was fantastic. Sublime. I did not want to get off that table. I felt like jello afterwards.I called my mom on the way home and told her I felt high. I guess that's a good massage! And I passed my boards the next day! Success! :)
<review# 427,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/3/2010,10/22/2010,38,140,12,10,10>I CONQUERED THE ADAM BOMB!  well, actually a 1/3 of one.  with 2 of my friends we took care of the full slab of ribs, pulled pork and brisket sandwiches, quarter chicken, sweet potato fries, deep-fried corn, baked beans, potato salad and a frito pie.  cleaned it off, we were complimented on our work by the staff.right now your mouth just started watering or you're very concerned for my cholesterol levels (that's very sweet of you).side note: can you imagine the doctor visits with adam?  Doctor: your cholesterol's too high, your stomach's permanently distended, your pancreas is pooped out from pumping insulin, your arteries are clogged...for the love of God, Buddha and Chuck Norris, put down the fork!Adam: but doc, if you take away my overeating, what do i have left?  i'm not good looking enough to stay on TV without eating and andrew zimmern already got the exotic foods covered.Doctor: you're growing man-boobs.Adam: ok, last season, i promise.It was enough food for 4 people, with the 3 of us, it was enough to push us from happy-full to almost uncomfortably-full.  wasn't my first time here, but i never had the frito pie before;  with the baked beans, red onions and andouille, it was better than i thought, definitely a sleeper pick.
<review# 428,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/29/2010,10/21/2010,33,68,,5,4>I took a 18-month old here yesterday and he had a blast! We only had a couple of hours so we hit the "Creation Station" and wandered around amongst the trains outside. The Creation Station was fabulous! Tons of transportation inspired toys to play with, as well as puppets, dress up, a pirate ship, play kitchen and crafts station! The woman working the room was super nice and kept reminding us that the only rule in the Creation Station was to have fun! Tickets to the museum are $6 for adults, free for children under 5. The Creation Station is $1.50 additional per person (children & adults) for 1 hour of play. We were able to explore the trains outside and he had a blast climbing through some. I can't wait to take him back another time to take a ride on the train!
<review# 429,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/3/2010,10/20/2010,63,150,3,7,3>Walked here for dinner last night.  Being walkable is worth a bonus star.  I've actually been three times in the last two weeks.  Stopped in one late afternoon last week for a quick (note 'quick') early dinner.  Bartender was slow to notice I'd perched on stool at the bar but once I had his attention he made excellent suggestions both regarding a beer and for a salad.  My wait was nearly non-existant, the salad was incredible - I can't get their menu to download, so I can't tell you what it was exactly, but there were green leafy things and some marinated tomatoes that were to die for, a shaved hard, salty cheese, and chicken with a kick.  And everything was buried.  So it looked a little deceptive upon arrival but all the good stuff was in hiding.  Find it on the menu and order one.  Second visit, took a friend.  We had a platter of ... slivered apples and cheese ... chips?  Sorry.  Also, the mac & cheese pot (served HOT, and spicy.  Delicious, if not quite like Mom used to make).  It was a Monday, and they're running burgers now on Mondays, although I didn't quite understand why.  I ordered a Black & Blue - sounded great, totally impulsive, but as it turned out the kitchen couldn't make it for whatever reason.  Second choice was the spicy burger, and friends, it nearly killed me.  They don't mess around with the spice, the thing was laced and I was in tears.  The only thing that threw me was that they have this lovely china and silverware but they served my burger in a disposable paper tray.  And then I was in again last night, ergo the review.  Went alone with a book to read.  It can be a bit noisy - concrete floor - but I had a superb glass of wine (five letters, starts with L, OK there were two glasses), the coffee-braised beef brisket and ouzo (wow) and then some manchego which is accompanied by default by:  a hot, crispy, soft bread, cranberries, and a pile of nuts to please any squirrel.  We're talking walnuts, pecans, cashews, pistachios, and something I struggled to identify but I suspect it was sunflower seeds.  Or pumpkin seeds.  I don't know.  Anyway, I love it.  Three visits, consistently good service, they are accessible on foot from any loft or hotel in downtown.  Check it out!
<review# 430,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/4/2010,10/19/2010,32,37,5,7,4>I knew we were in for it when we walked in and my husband saw the huge variety of beers on tap. I resigned myself to not try talking to him until we were seated, as he spent the short wait for our table eyeballing the various taps like a 15 year old at Hooters. In other words, lots of beer to choose from, all with the appropriate shape and size of glass to optimize your drinking experience. (I can't wait to go back when I can have a drink!) Peel was great. I had the prosciutto pizza (salty, just the right amount of thyme, huge cloves of sweet roasted garlic, perfect), and my husband had the jerk chicken pizza (sweet mango, light finish), and our table split the gelato trio. Our friends each had a salad and those looked incredible, too. Nice and fresh! I will definitely get one next time I am at Peel. Which will be soon, trust me.We also got to sit out on the small patio which I highly recommend. When will more places on this side of the river include outdoor seating at their establishments?? It's like the best way to enjoy a meal ever. And just in case you were wondering (from their website):A Peel is "a usually long-handled spade-shaped instrument that is used chiefly by bakers for getting something (as bread or pies) into or out of the oven." ~ Merriam-Webster Dictionary
<review# 431,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/24/2010,3/26/2011,207,169,7,12,9>The carpenter and I were out looking for trouble last night, and decided that we wanted something good for dinner. And by good, we mean not pizza and not in a bar. A long time ago, when we were out for an evening stroll, we happened on Farmhaus just after it opened, and as we peered into the closed restaurant, and over the menu, we knew that one day we would come back. Everything on the menu was so fancy and done up right, at such a minimal price, we just had to give 'er a go!It was well after 8 when we stepped into Farmhaus last night and it was very busy. We didn't have reservations and neither did the couple that just walked in ahead of us. The hostess managed to seat both of our parties within 15 minutes. In keeping with a Farmhaus theme, the inside was not pretentious at all, everything was in order, simple, and functional. Our table was prepared with butchers paper and old farm house towels/rags for dinner napkins. My favorite part of the evening was just this little touch because it reminded me of my grandparents, who used the same kitchen towels in their house, which yes, was on a farm. Paired with the flavor complexities and unique items on the menu, the concept of Farmhaus is pretty well rounded out. I can see something like this going over well in a big city like New York, where the idea of "Farmhaus" would salivate all over potential patrons. I've heard the raves about the chef/owner's way with seafood, so I knew immediately that I would order the spicy tuna tartar with smoked tuna, duck egg, and potato salad. The tuna came out with such a rich red color, that at first glance, you would have thought it a scoop of fresh garden tomatoes. It was the best tartar I've had, the quality of the tuna was exceptional, each bite was sweet, spicy and light, then cooled down with the potato salad with grilled corn.The carpenter ordered the bacon wrapped meatloaf. I've only recently been ordering meatloaf at restaurants, so far I have been impressed. This meatloaf was very flavorful, without being overwhelming and thick. Most of the time meatloaf has one overarching flavor, while this one seemed to have layers. I do have to say that the meatloaf at the Bleeding Deacon is very good, and you get a lot of it. The Farmhaus loaf beats it in taste, but not portion. The only drawback to the evening was the disappointment in the size of this dish. I realize that meatloaf is a heavier item, but a slightly larger portion would have been perfect.As for dress, don't worry about it. We wore our flippers (flip flops) to the farm, and the dress code was mixed between groups dining for special occasions, who wore dresses and nicer men's clothing, were sharing wine bottles and so forth, and other pairs who like us heard the dinner bell and just walked in and sat down at the dinner table, waiting to see what was brought from the kitchen.
<review# 432,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/2/2010,3/25/2011,53,95,,3,3>Every trip to Pickles is a pleasant one. It is no wonder they win awards for best deli in town. The staff behind the counter is always welcoming, The Reuben here is surely the signature sandwich, and I have tried it numerous times. But don't neglect the other great cold and warm sandwiches. Great spot for lunch, too!
<review# 433,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/30/2010,3/24/2011,60,35,2,5,3>The Fox Theatre is Wicked Fabulous! I've always been creeped out by real live people acting, then suddenly breaking out into song & dance, but what a way to experience my very first musical!The theatre was so packed that I wasn't able to really take a look around, but the Fox's facade deceivingly downplays the interior space. Inside, there's a mix of large Greek pillars & middle eastern decor with a pair of lions donning light-up eyes that greet you in the lobby.When purchasing our tickets, we decided to skip the online service fee & go straight to the box office. There was no line & the attendant was patient & helpful.Since it was Sunday, meter parking was free. We arrived 30 minutes prior to the show & parked on the street a block down from the Fox.FYI: The Fox also offers public tours on Tues, Thurs, & Sat at 10:30AM.- Fee: $5 Adults, $3 Student & Children- Parking: Free in the lot behind the Fox on Washington Ave.
<review# 434,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/1/2011,3/23/2011,56,220,5,19,6>Florissant has needed a good buffet, for a very long time!This, is EXCELLENT!  Not only is it aesthetically pleasing but it's also the only place in Florissant you can get sushi!  They have a hibachi grill, various types of sushi, tons of seafood, and a chocolate fountain.Buffets always freak me out because the prices are not posted so here they are, Mon-Thurs 10-4 is 7.95, per person and dinner is 13.95 per person.  I want to go on and on about how great it was but I tried so many different things I can't remember them all!  I tried a seafood delight, that was very tasty and coconut shrimp.  I am embarrassed to say, my absolute favorite was the chocolate fountain... :o)Can't wait until my stomach processes all this food and I can go back!
<review# 435,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/22/2011,3/22/2011,213,311,,6,6>Upper limits is pretty bad ass. Although it is pretty tough for beginners, climbing is worth a shot for those seeking something new and challenging to try.Bernie D. and I took the Rock Climbing 101 class to learn the ropes, and although our instructor was a bit distracted, she taught us everything we needed to know in order to climb and belay safely. It can be pretty crowded on the weekends and early in the evenings on weekdays. They have auto-belay machines for those who may be coming solo. They have bouldering courses in addition to the climbing courses. Every course is marked with a level and the route which is very helpful for a newbie like myself. Feel free to free climb anywhere though! Overall a great workout and a friendly, helpful staff. I will be back to give that big bad wall another shot!
<review# 436,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/22/2011,3/21/2011,45,301,5,10,5>I just opened my fridge on this Saturday morning and was blasted with the intoxicating aroma of sweet smoke and meat, emanating from a tiny paper box.  Just thinking about eating its contents for lunch today is driving me crazy.Yes, yes, yes.  I finally made it to The Shaved Duck, and it is definitely as good as everyone else says in their reviews.  With only one meal last night, this restaurant has managed to zoom to the top of my "Places to Take My Out of Town Guests to Show Them How Great STL Is" List.  We started with the Smothered fries, and HOT DAMN if those weren't the best smothered/cheese fries I've ever had in my life.  To fully appreciate these fries, you've got to talk about the construction.  They begin with a generous serving of a liquid cheese sauce on the bottom of the plate, which gently cradles a mass of beautiful not-thin-but-not-too-thick French fries.  Interspersed amongst the tangle of fries are studs of chopped pork rib meat and other pockets of cheese.  Small rings of chopped green onion decorate the plate like confetti, adding a surprise of flavor every second or third bite.  By the time my dining companion and I worked our way down to the bottom of the plate, we found ourselves scraping every last fry bit and onion out of the sauce as we desperately tried to figure out, "What IS that wonderful taste?"  Smokey, well seasoned, creamy, cheesy...oh my, they were simply divine.For dinner I had half of a roasted chicken and baked beans.  To begin with, this was a lot of food for the price ($8.99) and since I was thoroughly stuffed with glorious cheese fries by this point, at least half of my entree came home with me.  The smoked chicken was nothing short of perfect.  Fragrant, with beautiful blackened skin, this chicken was moist and flavorful.  So flavorful, in fact, that it didn't even need the help of the three in-house bbq sauces on the table (KC, Pepper and Carolina styles).  The baked beans were the best I've ever had, period.  Tender, but not mushy, tangy, full of onions and shredded pork meat.  I've never had beans quite like that.  My dining companion said that bbq joints in KC do beans like that all the time.  If that's true, I've got to get to KC sometime, because every baked bean I eat from now on is going to be compared to the beans I just had at The Shaved Duck.  Our waiter offered us dessert, but we were too stuffed to move by this point.  I could have sat in our comfy booth all night, enjoying the ambiance, but it was packed and it was time to relinquish our table to some other lucky diners.  If last night's meal was any indication, I get the feeling that I've got many more amazing meals ahead of me.
<review# 437,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/25/2011,3/19/2011,25,86,,9,3>I picked up lunch for the boy from here one day, because they have a lunch special (9 inch pizza with 2 toppings and a drink) for around 10 dollars, and he INHALED it in such little time that I didn't even realize he had already eaten.  Then he looked at me like, what, no more?  By the time I got to mine, it was cold.  The things that I do for him!  So I wasn't totally blown away, but it was good.  Tonight, however, HE picked up dinner, and I WAS blown away.  NOTE: You can only get carry out, because this place is just a pick up booth, not a sit down restaurant.  If you're close to Ladue though, you may be able to get delivery.  Pizzas from here are thin crust, and come in medium (12 inch) and large (14 inch) sizes, but you can get a personal pizza (9 inch) as well.  I don't recommend the latter though, cuz trust me, you'll want more.  There are a variety of toppings available, from the traditional (pepperoni, onions, peppers) to the not so traditional (shrimp, leeks, fennel), and specialty pizzas too, like the gyro (made like a gyro), the dog (like a chicago style hot dog), and the cheeseburger in paradise (like a cheeseburger, pickles and all!).  9 inch pizzas start at 6 dollars, 12 inch pizzas start at 10 dollars, and 14 inch pizzas start at 12 dollars.  But don't be fooled...with toppings, it can get pricey (most meats and gourmet toppings are around 2.50 to 3 dollars each, and shrimp is even more than that!).  However, it's worth it!  The sauce is THE BEST, the crust is thin but not resembling cardboard like Imo's, and the house italian cheese blend is a stand out on its own, even without the fresh mozz that I add.  For more strict vegetarians and vegans, they also offer soy cheese, which is supposedly really good, though I dare say that I'll never find out (hey-I'm not THAT strict.  I love my cheese!).  And they offer a gluten free pizza, though again, I'll never be able to comment on it.We ordered one large pizza with fresh garlic, red onions, and fresh mozzarella and one large pizza with italian sausage. Bet you can't guess which is mine!  I've talked to the owner both times, which is cool that he is so hands on, and he always recommends the sweet italian sausage over the spicy sausage.  My boyfriend can attest to this as he went once by himself and didn't know better, and ordered the spicy.  He said that it didn't compare to the time that I ordered for him.  Obviously sweetheart.  I do it best.  My pizza could've used a bit more of the house blend cheese, but it was covered in fresh mozz, which looked almost as good as it tasted! I also got the large veggie chopped salad with no chicken.  Word to the wise...this is NOT a traditional salad.  Instead of lettuce, it is made from really finely chopped cauliflower, carrots, celery, and also has cheese and egg,  I added red onion too, of course.  I've had it with the ladue ranch and the cucumber dill dressing, and both are equally delish. Overall, this place is worth the price, and the drive!  And a place that offers pickles on pizza?  Um, hellllloooo...5 stars!  I'll be back.  And next time, I'm getting garlic, onions, and pickles on mine.  Seriously.saucecafe.com/tvmedia.ph…
<review# 438,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/20/2010,3/18/2011,63,198,3,6,4>Oh.My.God. I am beyond excited to have discovered St. Louis Smoothie this weekend. Ever since I started melting into a puddle each time I set foot outside, I have been dreaming of a Jamba Juice. I miss the Peach Pleasures like crazy. But, today, we stumble upon this little spot, and the Peach Party was really pretty tasty! Apple juice, Pineapple juice, peaches, bananas and nonfat froyo. Yum. They even offer half sizes, which is the perfect amount, for under $3. I will be seeking respite at this place all summer long.
<review# 439,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,7/6/2010,3/17/2011,10,46,3,7,5>We're going to go ahead and chalk this up as a 3.5 star review (I round up). There's much to love at Soulard Market...be warned though, if you hate crowds and noise, just don't go. I've read a few of the other reviews and while I agree with some of the comments regarding local produce, I do have some things to say to that. My wife and I did notice this past Saturday that there are quite a few vendors selling wholesale-bought produce, yes...BUT, there are those farmers in the rough who actually bring you their goods straight from the farm and sell it to you cheap, you just have to be on the look-out. That one point makes things hard though, I wish the farmers that are local and grow their own stuff would advertise that a little better...there was only one stall that actually had a huge banner saying 'locavores welcome!' and they backed it up with awesome produce. Otherwise, you have to just use some common sense. Usually, if there's a sticker on the fruit, it's not local. Also, there's always the tried and true method of just ASKING where they get their produce. What? Talk to people? Oh man...what a concept. Another note...we live in the midwest. Shocker, I know...but we do. With that, that means that we have certain produce that is local, and some that just cannot be. Pineapple? Not grown here. Neither is mango. And nope...cherries aren't either. So I say, while you're there buying the locally grown stuff...go ahead and pick up the stuff that you will NEVER find grown locally...and don't complain about it, because it's one stop shopping. Be smart...some things you have to buy shipped in, it's just where we live. We were able to buy locally and for the whole week for just under $20...which is amazing. Soulard also sells a ton of meat, eggs, dairy, cheese...but we didn't really hit that up so I can't comment. Though, we had the mini-doughnuts which were like tiny funnel cakes (and made in a tiny fryer!!). We've also enjoyed the bloody mary/beignet combo on the west side of the market...that was a great day. :) The market is a vibrant part of St. Louis...both for shopping and culture. Music playing, food cooking, people buying their groceries for the week. We need Soulard...ST. Louis needs Soulard...go to Soulard even if it's just to buy some mini doughnuts.
<review# 440,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/8/2010,3/16/2011,128,33,,7,3>When I'm craving some traditional cultural food, I do need to drive away from the Burbs of West County.  So all the more, I was thrilled find this little authentic joint in Creve Coeur.I swung by Pita+ for lunch and I shared their Falafel platter and Gyro platter with another friend.The Gyro platter was good, but not spectacular.  I do like my gyro meat a bit more spiced up and greasy, but it was still good.Now the Falafel platter is worth raving about.  Here's a quick 101 on a good falafel sandwich:A good falafel should have crispy shells and tender interiors, not too dry, with a good internal balance of chickpea, parsley.The pita should be chewy and fresh-tasting. And the sauce and toppings should add to the total package. Pita+'s falafel sandwich met all these criteria and went above and beyond!The portion was generous (5 falafels) and the price was right ($7.25)The platter provided fresh & delicious tomato/cucumber salad and adding a side of hummus was an excellent touch! Pita+ is definitely worth checking out and it's become my favorite falafel joint in STL.Here's their menu: urbanspoon.com/u/profile…
<review# 441,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/19/2011,5/12/2012,88,54,3,8,5>I LOVE LOVE LOVE LOVE LOVE LOVE LOVE THIS PLACE!!! I am torn because I want to tell everyone about this place and scream from the rooftops. But then again, I have this shred of greediness in me that doesn't want anyone to know about this place and the steals you can find. I found this place on accident and it's no accident that I can't stay away. I will never shop at Home Goods, Target, Ashley, Ikea, etc ever again after going here. If it's not the prices that are a STEAL then it's the merchandise. There is something there for everyone no matter what your style and if you don't find something that you absolutely love right away come back in a couple days because the store is constantly moving new items in and out. You also cant help to love the staff. Such friendly, outgoing, sweet ladies that will help you with anything you need to loading-advice-or ideas. My new all time favorite place in St. Louis!!!
<review# 442,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/3/2011,5/11/2012,152,162,1,8,5>I heard about Olivette Diner years ago but finally hit it up for breakfast today for the 1st time. First let me say that you need to go with appropriate expectations. This place is a diner. The food is classic diner food. Bacon and eggs. Hash browns. Omelets. Burgers. Low prices, friendly but swamped staff. Don't expect super speedy service when you show up in the middle of breakfast rush like we did. Be prepared to wait for a table and sit at the first open seat that comes up...even if that is the bar stools. My only twinge of disappointment was that our server was actually standing around not doing much at the other end of the counter. He had popped over when we were first seated and asked if we needed more time, but he never came back to take our order. I finally waved him over. That's probably the only reason this place got 4 stars instead of 5. We did get regular refills of coffee from anyone on the staff who happened to be walking by with a coffee pot in hand. As far as the decor...it's a step back in time. Aqua booths. Formica counter tops. Brown paneled walls. Classic bar stools much closer together than you find in more modern places...but they need every seat they can get and it's a chance to get cozy with your companions. This place is about the experience and the food. Both were great. I ordered the Malted Banana Waffle...no idea what it means by malted...I'm guessing they have some malt powder in the batter but they tasted like regular waffles to me. Not that I'm complaining. I like waffles a lot so was very happy with the end result. But what won me over was that the waffle was smothered in sliced bananas sauteed in a cinnamon syrup. I'm a hearty eater and I couldn't finish it all. Well, I did finish the entire waffle with a little help from my date but left a few of the bananas on the plate. I also got a side of hash browns cuz I love a place that does shredded ones rather than chopped style. They were good but not as good as the waffle. I also got a taste of the biscuit and gravy...YUM. I like that they gave you the option of ordering just one biscuit so you could get it as a side with your breakfast. Sitting at the counter was a show...watching the two guys cooking juggle everything and toss a few pancakes in the trash when they got a bit too brown. The guy next to me asked for his pancake a little darker, and they happily tossed it back on the grill for him too. As other reviewers have said, this is a cash or check only place. What we didn't know is that you don't seem to get a check...you just walk over to the register when you are ready and pay. It's a good thing I noticed other people doing that or we would have sat there a lot longer. Oh, and breakfast is served all day. How can you go wrong with that.
<review# 443,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/30/2011,5/10/2012,300,149,3,10,5>Okay okay, I have to give this place it's full 5 stars now for these reasons:1) Service is always prompt and quick (by that I mean I come to eat lunch here once a week and I am in and out within an hour and my drinks are always full).2) The bar selection is full of variety and the bartenders are always in a fun mood!3) About 3 weeks ago, I left my iPhone at the table that I was eating at during lunch and once I got back to work, I started freaking out and called up there and spoke to the manager who reassured me that their busser was so sweet and found my phone while cleaning up my table and left it locked in the back office of the restaurant so no one could steal it. I was definitely a happy customer after that.All in all, this is a great place to come eat with your family or have drinks on their patio with your girlfriends or plus one!
<review# 444,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/1/2011,5/9/2012,130,56,2,14,8>We all know what Stray Rescue is about.  We know that they always need money and volunteers.  I try to do my part.  Ive been there a few times recently to drop off old linens, blankets, towels etc...    This is easy and something we can all do.  Go through all your linen closets and see what you dont need anymore.   Even dogs like 800 thread count sheets!Do what ever you can.  If you can give food, money bedding, pillows, etc,  they can surely use these items.  Maybe your not a big dog lover, clean out those closets and help the dogs!
<review# 445,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/15/2011,5/8/2012,81,110,6,6,10>I love the atmosphere at Taste. It is so dark and cozy. It is a great date spot.  We had the cheese plate, the mussels, the pork belly and the fried fingerlings.  Everything was delicious.  My favorites were the mussels and the cheese plate.  Such a tasty cheese plate! I also had the buttermilk panna cotta with cantaloupe for dessert.  I just can't say no to panna cotta.  It was great and the portion was perfect, just enough.The cocktails were really interesting and tasty. My man and I each ordered two and they were all delicious. When we accidentally spilled an almost full cocktail (whoops!), it was immediately cleaned up and replaced. No questions asked.  Now that's good service! My one and only pet peeve was the music.  It was such a cool spot that the mix of Kings of Leon and Smashing Pumpkins really took it down a notch for me. It just didn't fit the ultra hip atmosphere...
<review# 446,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/12/2011,5/7/2012,456,314,8,12,9>I have not written anything in about 2 weeks and thought hey why not update Pappy's.  It does not have any reviews so I thought I would throw them a bone.Mrs K and I went for lunch on Thursday at 11:20 am the line was not out the door but close.  As been said many times it does move fast.  I ordered the BBQ brisket plate with coleslaw and just to be friendly I also ordered a hot link.  Filled the soda found a chair and out comes the order.  god they are fast.  I slathered the bbq brisket with Pappy's original sauce.  Tangy with a bit of heat fantastic.  I proceeded to eat the hot link not too hot but good.  Mrs K refused a taste of the link so I had to eat it all by myself.  Bless her heart.  We finished eating at about 12:15.  So you can do the math at how long it took.  I don't do math.  After lunch it was off to the Fox for Jersey Boys afternoon show.  Pretty good day off huh?
<review# 447,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/28/2011,5/6/2012,68,131,,10,6>My husband and I are both from St. Louis, but on the opposite end as Ferguson, so when we ended up in the area and needed a place to burn a few hours on a Sunday evening, God Bless Cork Wine Bar for delivering exactly what we needed. This is an adorable little wine bar. Even though we now live in STL city, as we left Cork we joked that we would be making trips to Ferguson just to visit our new little spot.The staff could not have been more friendly and genuine. The food was great- had the MATCH meat crab cakes (YES! They have MATCH!) and the cheese plate. This is not your ordinary cheese plate, people. I've never met one I couldn't handle, but we brought home a bunch left over- it's enough for four people, plus, to share. Prices are very much in line, and in some cases generous (as with the cheese).I enjoyed the International wine flight while my husband sipped on a few IPAs. We were both very happy with the beer and wine selection. All I can say is that the other wine bars should worry if Cork comes closer to the city...until then, I'll be making trips to Ferguson.
<review# 448,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/17/2011,5/5/2012,17,95,,5,4>There's the old adage that in life you must find yourself a good doctor, a good lawyer, and a good mechanic.  Well, scratch the last one off my list.  Stevenson's was recommended to me by family members who have been taking their autos there for years.  I hit the gold mine because I live close enough to them that I can drop off my poor twelve-year-old car and then walk home easily.  However, they do have a shuttle if you live further away.I honestly hesitated to write this review because part of me doesn't want the "secret" to get out about them.  However, as busy as they always tend to be I'm sure they're not much of a secret.  They are friendly, fast, and most of all - honest.  I fancy myself a pretty good judge of character who is skilled at smelling anything "fishy" on people.  These guys reek of sincerity.  My girlfriend and I have taken our cars to them several times and never had a bad experience.  We've had both large and small problems and they can handle either.
<review# 449,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/16/2011,5/4/2012,70,78,1,9,5>My boss got me reservations here as a treat. Of course I checked out the yelps and was excited to go. We ordered a bottle of wine to begin as well as the appetizer sampler. I do not like seafood as a rule but ordered the sampler because of the rave reviews (...and because I'm waiting for my taste buds to change). It consisted of the lobster turnover, bacon wrapped shrimp, crab cake, and a veal dumpling. Everything was well prepared and the sauces were incredible. For dinner, he got the steak Bernaise stuffed with lobster and I got the wasabi encrusted steak. At the advice of other yelpers, I got the mashed potatoes and they were seriously heavenly!  The steak was cooked to perfection and was so tender. For dessert, we got the dark chocolate brownie and it was succulent and delicious. It tasted like little pieces of love were battered in chocolate and then baked.  A little pricey for an every day excursion but I will definitely return for a special evening out. A note on the atmosphere: it seems like everyone is saying this is not at all romantic. I would agree that it's not over the top, but there's a certain intimacy in eating over a single candle.  This intimacy can be extended to whomever you wish to share a savory, delectable meal with. YUM
<review# 450,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/26/2011,5/3/2012,11,77,1,7,6>I went to afternoon tea with a friend.  I don't drink tea, and I know very little about high tea.  I went into it with an open mind, because I thought it would be fun to have had high tea once in my life.  By the way, if you want to do the high tea (for $20 per person), you have to call to make a reservation at least a day in advance.  You can obviously also just stop in for tea and treats at anytime without reservation.So when we got there, we had a table by the window reserved for us with a white table cloth and some fake flowers in a tea pot.  The waitress said we each got to pick a tea.  Not being a tea drinker in the slightest, I asked the waitress what she liked.  She then proceeded to list at least a dozen teas.  I stopped listening halfway through.  I did end up picking her first recommendation based on the description in the menu.  I didn't want a sweet, fruity tea, and I kinda like the smell of Earl Grey (though I'm not sure I'd actually tasted it before).  I went with the Queen of Hearts.  It is described as a blend of Earl Grey, Darjeeling, and Black Currant.  But the currant was not overpowering or sweet.  It was good.  My friend and I liked it better than the Ceylon she ordered.  Though my tea was not as hot as hers, and as such, the sugar was not dissolving completely making the last sip of the cup a bit sweet.  I really wish it had been hotter.As for the treats and snacks, they were all brought out on little china plates and bowls, making for a spread that would make most eight-year-old girls and Alice in Wonderland fans giddy.  Growing up with my mother and aunt who collect china and can name it by pattern, I've seen better but whatever.  Afternoon tea includes two round smoked salmon sandwiches, four triangular cucumber sandwiches, two bowls of fruit, two scones with clotted cream and strawberry preserves, two cupcakes, and two shortbread cookies.  We both went for the savory first.  I don't particularly like salmon or cucumbers but I was going to try everything.  I actually liked the salmon.  It wasn't fishy tasting at all.  The cucumber sandwich was not great but that's really just because I don't like cucumbers.  The scone was good but a little dry.  I liked the preserves a lot, and I've decided I'm indifferent toward clotted cream.  I used it and it was fine, but I would have been fine without it or with butter.  The fruit did look as if it had been sitting a while (as someone mentioned before), but it was all cut into small pieces which has to be done beforehand and the look doesn't really affect the taste.  both my friend and I were too full to eat the cupcake but we got to go boxes.Again, as has been mentioned, we had to go to the register to say we wanted to pay and to ask for boxes, which was a little odd because there had been a waitress before.  Maybe this is them being European, because I remember in Europe you would never get the check unless you asked.  They would never have just set it on the table like they do here.  But regardless, we were a little confused about what to do to pay.Overall, it was a fun thing to try once and to enjoy something a little different while wasting away the afternoon, but I'm not sure I'd do it again.  I may start drinking tea more often though.  And although the price may seem a bit high, if you consider that some of the pots of tea can go up to $10 alone, it is not a ridiculous price.
<review# 451,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/24/2013,5/25/2013,456,314,8,15,9>Mrs K. and I were out early on Thursday and we wanted to eat breakfast.  She said how about Egg and I?  Sure why not.  Now Mrs K. seems to get around without my knowledge which is what happens after 35 years of marriage.  She told me she has been here twice before!  Where in the hell was I?  Anyway I liked the place and the price. I had their breakfast burrito and Mrs K. had the breakfast sandwich.  The burrito was huge filled with all sorts of wonderful eggs and sausage and cheese and potatoes.  It came with a dab of sour cream and a green chile sauce on top.  Just to be friendly they also had a side of potatoes.  $8.99.  I think the value was here.  It was more than enough food and the service was very good.  The total bill was very competitivly priced to Uncle Bill's.Things that might help they have a private meeting room in the  back that would be ideal for those breakfast or lunch meetings that one would like if you are into those things.
<review# 452,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/3/2013,5/24/2013,413,665,16,18,14>I haven't been to a Cardinal's game. I don't know what a Slinger is. I've never slept with any of Nelly's cousins. A friend took pity on me and my St. Louis scorecard and dragged me in frigid weather to what I've deemed as a St. Louis MUST: St. Cecilia's Mexican Fish Fry. Fish Fry crashing is the new wedding crashing. Concerned about the effect I would have on deeply religious people, I toned down my prolific use of the F word and cashed up for a night of fun.We arrived early (5?) and there was already a line extending into the parking lot. I wouldn't say the line moved quickly, but it didn't move slowly. Eventually we made it into the bustling gymnasium, warm and noisy. The line snaked around the perimeter of the basketball court, which was filled with tables and happy people. It wasn't long before there was a pitcher of beer in my hand (6 dollars for a pitcher or 2 dollars for a cup) and I was wondering who these mystical creatures are who drink beer in their churches. We passed the time in line by chatting with each other, chatting with strangers around us, listening to festive music, watching people take silly pictures, fending off children selling raffle tickets, and watching young people dance in elaborate costumes. Before we knew it, we were ordering. For $11, we were able to pick two entrees (the choices were cod, salmon, tostada, quesadilla, shrimp, or chille relleno. We also got to pick two sides ( choices were mac & cheese, cole slaw, fries, rice, or refried beans). We were given a number to take back to a table, because sitting at a table masks the fact that you're still waiting. It was nice that they brought us our food, though, so we didn't have to carry it around while looking for a table.We found it difficult to find a table. We eventually made it through the hallway full of obliviously-in-the-way teenagers and scoured the two back rooms, which were sort of depressing, to no avail. Back in the main room, a church volunteer assisted us in finding a table. Some lady tried to steal our seats, and I think I was kind of mean to her. Lady, if you are reading this, I'm sorry. I'll try not to be mean to you next time, especially if we're in a church. A lot of people scandalously cheated the system by having people wait in line with money and orders while they saved a table. The system would work more efficiently if people didn't do that, because someone will be done eating by the time they order and pay, freeing up that space anyway.When the food arrived, I was beyond excited. Does beer give you the munchies or something? Gobbled down some of the best, creamiest, cheesiest mac&cheese ever, devoured my elementary-school-lunch-ish crinkle fries, and slammed down some deep-fried fish. The tostada was meh, but the experience overpowered. Annoyingly, the silverware, condiments, and gratis lemonade were located in one of the back rooms, which took like 10 minutes to navigate to. Hopefully they will fix this next year.Constant performances, plenty of volunteers cheerfully helping people, and surprisingly heavenly tres leches cake. An evening here wasn't a deja vu of my cholo-esque childhood in Denver, but it was a whisper of home, and an open-armed welcome to my new home of St. Louis. I will definitely be back.Note: 4:30 to 8 every Friday in Lent. I would say get there early or late. At five, we waited over an hour in line and to get our food. Two hours all said and done. You might need to park a f ew blocks away. It was worth the wait and a fun experience. Not a bad Friday night at all. Come as you are, but dress warmly! It's an indoor event, but you will likely be outside for longer than is comfortable.
<review# 453,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/31/2013,5/23/2013,51,573,4,7,5>This is a case for half stars.  We selected Eleven Eleven for a double family birthday celebration, those being Ms T and KT.  Andrew T and KT made it back from Chicago to celebrate.  AT made reservations on Open Table and we arrived promptly at 6:30 despite MODOT's constant construction.  This early they were not particularly full and not being familiar with the restaurant, we did not realize that they seated us close to the noisy kitchen for no apparent reason.  About the time the waiter was explaining the specials, the kitchen came to life with considerable banging of food prep implements and clattering of plates.  We should have asked to be moved.  There was no reason for them to seat us where they did.  We were wondering if they somehow punish people who use Open Table or arrive early.  It looks like if you don't challenge the seating, they will give you the worst choice.  Just watch out, the kitchen is open and is very noisy.  Corkage is not bad at $15.  I was surprised it was not more, since they have a Wine Spectator rated cellar, but then, so do we.  The glasses are barely adequate.KT went with the spinach salad and Andrew selected shrimp and corn bisque.  They will both review the restaurant, I'm sure.  In summary, KT liked her spinach salad but found the goat cheese to be over-herbed.  Andrew found his bisque to be good, not stellar, perhaps lacking some depth and developed flavors.  I'll let them tell their stories.  My special arugula salad was very good.  It had a light dressing and some very mild bleu cheese and nuts.  It all went very well together.For entrees, Ms T ordered Grouper, KT had Wild Boar Ravioli and Andrew had Braised Rabbit, all of these are standard menu items.  I had a special Bone-In Pork Chop.  We were all pretty happy with our food.  I had a taste of KT's ravioli with tomato vodka cream sauce.  The filling was plentiful and with good flavor.  The wild boar has enough flavor for this and the sauce was mellow and did not cover everything else.  The pasta cooking was a little uneven with some being overdone and some not.  Ms T's grouper looked very nice, almost bronze in color with good seasoning.  It was on a bed of mashed potato-celery root with a little fruit sauce and snowpeas.  She enjoyed it very much.  Andrew's rabbit was flavorful, but perhaps over braised a little.  I know rabbit needs to be done, but over braising pulls the moisture out of meats, which seems counter-intuitive.  I'm sure he will comment in more detail.  He felt that the gnocchi were underdone.  I am not a gnocchi fan and am not qualified to judge.  For the second week in a row I think I had the best meal.  My special was a grilled bone-in pork chop, medium rare.  It was served with pistachio risotto and a delicious apricot sauce.  The chop was perfectly done, well seasoned and with great grill flavor.  I really don't need for a chop to be any better.  I am also not a risotto expert while Andrew is.  He declared it a little overdone and I probably agree.  It was past the tooth stage.  We all liked the pistachios in it and took that away as a good idea to use at home.  The pistachios make the risotto very rich.  Actually I think we all were a little surprised at the food.  Regardless of the four stars rating on so many reviews, we read several friends who were not that impressed.  We all agreed it was a strong three, but I felt my salad and entrée were four stars.  I am rounding up to four.  It is a weak four here because we felt were taken advantage of with the seating and I would have liked better wine glasses.  I would certainly return to Eleven Eleven.  Also, the pasta, risotto and rabbitt were not really done properly.  It was much better than our second visit to sister restaurant, Vin de Set.  It does not belong in the huge group that should populate three star territory, but a few details are needed to get it to true four.
<review# 454,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/1/2013,5/22/2013,220,464,4,5,6>Ignorant white, but adventures, Midwesterner (me) walks into this restaurant for the second time and goes for the "I want something new" idea & comes out a fan.Both times I went was with a large group & sat a the tables in back with the lazy-suzan center for sharing food "family style".  The first time, I was hungry so I went with a standard Kung Pao Beef or something... The best was a BBQ Beef that was served on a bed of cabbage that somebody else ordered.  The dinner portions are HUGE so order 1 appetizer & 1 entree per 2 people or plan to bring home leftovers.The second visit, I was with more adventurous people that ordered standards & I was not as hungry so I ordered what looked interesting- Jellyfish salad & Szechuan Style Fish Fillet.  When the waitress said that those were Chinese people & not us... I knew I was on the right track.Half the menu is in Chinese.  I was told that part of the menu has the more interesting stuff.  I say they are trying to discriminate.  I am frustrated by the fact that they offer something to one type of clientele but not another.The Jellyfish salad was light & flavorful & everybody was shocked how good it was.  )I know this will sound like an insult comparing another culture- BUT) I would have not been surprised to find this type of salad at a Sushi restaurant served with half the amount for the same price.The Szechuan Fillet was SPICY bowl of a hearty soup that could have served 2 easily.  In the Szechuan broth was huge chunks of fish & vegetables.  I (uninformed) do not know if the it was a soup or just sauce that covered what I was suppose to grab out with chopsticks.  I did both.
<review# 455,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/7/2013,5/21/2013,76,27,6,8,6>The only reason that I am rating this 4 stars and not 5 is because the space just opened and is a little unfurnished/cold.  It used to be a club called Jade, so I expected  a DJ and loads of people but were greeted by neither. LOL.  I almost think the space is TOO big for an intimate experience which I tend to associate with sushi, but if they keep their prices reasonable, I could see this place getting packed over the next couple months when businessmen and women hear about it!The sushi they serve is good and authentic, and I even noticed a modern flair- there isn't anything extreme though/blending of unexpected ingredients, which I always hope for at a sushi restaurant.  But, I think playing it safe is the right way to go at the moment.  The american dream roll is as good at this location as it is at the Maryland heights location.  The nigri is wonderful, and they don't overload you on rice (even if you do get the amazing $20 all you can eat dinner).Yes, $20 all you can eat dinner.  I generally don't enjoy eating until I explode, but I was able to get down a good 4 rolls down +6 pieces of nigiri- that could have easily been $40 dinner.   They offer students a 15% discount as well.  all in all, not a place to take a girl on a first date, but if you've known your significant other for a while and are comfortable stuffing your face in front of each other, come here!!
<review# 456,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/10/2013,5/20/2013,50,187,3,7,4>if i lived close enough to jay international food, my brain would explode.  but my wallet would be just fine.think asian grocery store + mexican grocery store + middle eastern grocery + lots of fancy european jams and spreads and cheeses and teas.  YEAH.  you want some tahini?  check.  queso fresco?  got it.  frozen squid and a duck leg for making confit?  no worries, mate.things i walked out with during my first trip:bulk red pepper chinese vinegar medjool dates pickled okrachinese fishy spicy sauce with peanuts (official name)chocolate covered almondsmicrowaveable biryanimango juicelychee juicelychee candyjapanese cracker mixginger beerchinese soy milknutellatofumapo tofu seasoningmangospomegranatei'm obviously subsisting on a totally balanced diet (see Ma, no vegetables!).  but the next time i visit, i'll make sure i'm NOT going on vacation soon and will stock up on the fruits, veggies, and other produce.  HELLO HEAD ON SHRIMP.seriously, new favorite place to shop in st. louis.
<review# 457,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/17/2013,5/19/2013,29,96,6,5,4>Made reservations through Yelp. I liked that a very friendly employee called the day before to confirm my reservation and happily moved me back a half an hour at my request. I looked forward to my meal. Hostess was friendly and moved us to a booth vs the small table by the window she led us to. We much prefer booths so I appreciate her making that work for us. The ambiance was nice --- there were plenty of couples around, as well as families and groups of friends. It was busy but didn't feel too crowded. Decor was nice, lighting dim (which I like). To start, we had the complimentary plantain chips. Reading about this prior, I didn't think I would like the sauce because I do not like cilantro. Well, I was happily surprised that it was not overwhelming in cilantro. They were very addicting and quite delicious!Okay so I'm going to edit this in regards to my empanadas comment. Thanks to the kind gentleman who responded to my review I have asked my husband and while in the bathroom, he DID ask for it to be changed and then acted confused when they came, like he didn't know why there were like that. Busted! As I'm the one who actually ordered the empanadas when I got back from the bathroom I didn't think to ask my husband if he had anything to do with it,,,,, and he certainly wasn't giving up that information on his own.In all fairness, the empanadas didn't even remotely ruin a wonderful evening at Mango, which I hope my original unedited review conveyed, but it was just one of those things I felt should be mentioned shall anyone be asked if they want cheese empanadas. However, now I'm laughing over the whole thing because my guy is so busted. In a nice way :) I really REALLY appreciate businesses that take an active role in their customer service and for that reason Mango gets 5 huge stars. ((My original comment here: We also ordered empanadas which were a huge disappointment. For some reason our waiter said "I'll have them add cheese for you, they're better that way.." Well, I love cheese so I was okay with this. I thought the cheese would be added to the dish, not in place of everything else.  What came was basically their version of crab rangoon which is a food I greatly dislike. There was no beef, raisons, peppers, or anything else listed on the menu.. just that cream cheese flavor. Because I didn't disagree to him adding cheese I didn't feel it was completely his fault but it was still really disappointing.))To finish our starters my husband ordered platanito frito which are fried sweet plantains. My husband really liked these. I didn't want to ruin my meal so I didn't actually eat any of them. They looked good though. For dinner I had Aji de Gallina which is the shredded chicken dish. It was SOO yum! Loved the flavor of the chicken and even the rice had a nice flavor. I took home my leftovers and they didn't even last through the night; I ate them a few hours after we got home. We were informed it's one of their most popular dishes as well as one of the more Peruvian dishes they offer. I would order this again if I came back to Mango. My husband had Lomo Saltado which is the sirloin steak strips dish. The meat was seasoned well and it was nicely presented. He really liked it and would order it again.To drink we had a pitcher of Sangria. It was 7.00 per glass or 24.00 for a pitcher.. The pitcher was HUGE. I posted a photo on here; I think we had at least 7 glasses from it? Everyone around us had a pitcher on their table so I have to imagine this is a very popular drink and I can see why. The sangria itself is some of the best I've ever had. Highly recommended and a great value!Our meal was very affordable for how much food we got and the overall experience. I want to say it was in the 75.00 range for the two of us. We could've easily kept cost down by nixing alcohol and apps but where is the fun in that? I highly recommend Mango.
<review# 458,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/7/2013,5/17/2013,305,185,2,4,4>Totally adorable place for a low-key breakfast or lunch (or brunch! get creative!). I FINALLY got around to actually trying their food (I've stopped by and grabbed a coffee on a few occasion by virtue of their proximity to my apt). The service is top-notch, and the food is delicious. It's one of those neighborhood joints that make you feel like you could be a regular, and you can be confident that the couple who runs this place would know your name and your usual order. I ordered the breakfast burrito with sun dried tomatoes and avocado, and it was really good. I would definitely come back here, get a coffee and a sandwich and work on my computer, as they have amazing, amply-pillowed window seats with high tables. The menu has all types of options, so it's likely you'll find something that appeals to you. However, the food is pretty basic, nothing fancy. It's like when you go to your friend's house and their mom is a really awesome cook. So: casual, comfortable, good food and a homey vibe. I'm happy to give these people my business because they're SO KIND and they seem like they love what they do.
<review# 459,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/30/2012,5/16/2013,10,36,,6,5>This cafe reminds me of one you would find in Seattle, where foodies revel in fresh, local ingredients, an ever-changing menu, and absolute culinary genius. We started with the kale chips, which are either flash fried or baked (I forgot to ask), and come out crispy with a slight tang of citrus and sprinkle of parm. They were the tastiest way I have ever had kale before. I had the pot roast, which I found myself oohing over with every last bite! The meat was so tender, the sauce rich with subtle hints of wine and herbs, and it is served over a bed of heavenly mashed potatoes. Other people in our party had the pork shoulder with a cider glaze, and it was hard to say which of the dishes was better out of those two. We finished with the chocolate bread pudding and apple pecan pie- heavenly! As much as I love Harvest, Big Sky Cafe is just as inventive and delicious and at about half the price. Such a perfect place for date night or a casual dinner with friends or relatives in a laid back and welcoming atmosphere.
<review# 460,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/3/2013,5/15/2013,107,82,3,9,4>I've been a casual fan of Square One since I moved to the neighborhood back in August, but I'm a COMMITTED fan after my boyfriend's birthday dinner here last night. Wow, they really pulled it off nicely!I phoned in a reservation for 20 people about five days in advance, and they were so organized and inviting. The staff member that I spoke to about organizing the event sounded like she genuinely cared about us having a good time -- she asked who's birthday it was, if it should be a surprise, etc. I also got a confirmation email afterward, which helped put my mind at ease. (In generally, they are great being accommodating to larger parties; I once showed up with 8 or 9 people for a spur-of-the-moment dinner gathering, and they still managed to get us in promptly.)Our table was set up on the heated indoor patio for us when we arrived. There were a few hiccups, as to be expected with a large party (one plate came out much later than the others; one meal was a little cold ... food here also tends to be on the salty side when they're busy), but overall, I felt that we had an excellent experience and wonderful service. Our server was attentive and timely, and she had a great attitude. They also brought out a brownie sundae with a candle in it at the end of our dinner for the birthday boy -- what a nice touch.Aside from that particular time, on regular days, I like to come here for both lunch and dinner. On Mondays (I believe from 5 p.m. to 9 p.m.), they have a build-your-own pasta menu that starts at $2.50 for a bowl of macaroni and your choice of sauce; then you can pay small surcharges for add-ons. Tuesdays, they have a similar build-your-own burger menu that starts at $2 a plain burger or $4 for a veggie or game burger (varies from week-to-week ... sometimes it's bison, sometimes it's wild boar, etc). The add-on choices are highly varied. You can get shrimp or prosciutto in your pasta or goat cheese and smoked tomatoes on your burger. They don't skimp on the toppings too, just because the burgers are cheaper. The chef is also from Jamaica and has a secret fried chicken recipe that she won't share, but she'll serve it up as a special on Sundays ... need to get that in my belly ASAP.Of course, the beer here is great too. I love the Park Ave Pale Ale, which is a little untraditional as a pale ale that uses American hops, but it is the perfect beer in my opinion and has complemented literally every meal I've ever had here. I also dig the Bavarian Weizen. I'm not a stout person, but all my friends who have had the Maple Stout have loved it. They also have a changing selection of seasonal or other special beers.All of the servers I've had here have been efficient and nice. Brandi is probably my favorite server, because I like small talk and she is so friendly! In warmer weather, the outdoor patio is a great, relaxing place to eat brunch with a small trickling fountain, plants and metal tables. Gorgeous!
<review# 461,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/11/2013,2/12/2014,75,288,7,8,5>You know that scene in a Western when the new guy walks into the saloon and everybody stops and stares and it's completely silent for like 5 seconds? That's the moment I had when I walked in here. The thing that reminded me of this were that they had westerns on the TV for ambiance.Anyways... on to the important part, the food. The server and the cook were really sweet to the bf and I. The sign on the wall lets you know that if their service, food or drinks aren't up to your standards to lower your standards. So, with that giant fuck you, I already figured I'd have a good time here. I enjoyed my hotcakes, fries and ham. I can't tell you how much I enjoy fluffy pancakes, especially when they have crispy edges. Great breakfast!And like everyone else mentions - CASH ONLY.
<review# 462,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/24/2013,2/11/2014,81,59,5,8,7>Wow.  How have I failed to review LeGrand's?I have had a sandwich, and it was fine, but this review is for one thing, and one thing only: The Magic that is a LeGrand's Brat.If I were facing the gallows and had to choose a last meal, say, five things or so,  a LeGrand's original brat would easily be the second or third thing on that list.I prefer the original, though I have had many of their special flavors and they are excellent as well.  Cook them SLOW on indirect heat.  They are huge.  The casing will puff up and you can see the juices boiling inside.  That first bite...wow.  Magical.These are easily the best brats I have ever had.  Ever ever ever ever.  I have tried quite a few other butchers in town just to experiment, and LeGrand's literally laps the competition.  No one else is even close!Also, the owners are fantastic.  Have met them many time through friends of ours who go to church down the street.  They are honest guys with great personalities, doing what they love.
<review# 463,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/29/2013,2/10/2014,276,184,,9,4>+ Ellen. Phenomenal. Go to her. + Trendy, clean studio/salon + Easy peasy appointments with reminder phone calls + Amenities - coat rack, water/tea + Student discount - 15%One of the most potentially traumatic experiences one can have moving to a new city is finding a new hairstylist. I have Ellen at V Vegaz and Yelp to thank for eliminating all opportunities for horror story hair cut experiences - I came to Ellen when I first moved here in fall 2012 and I have never looked back. Ellen listens first to your opinion and what you want your hair to look like and tells you, without bullshit, whether what you want is feasible and if not, what would be a good compromise. She gives you options and helps you weigh the pros and cons and takes into account everything from what you want to the quality and features of your hair and shape of your face. At the end she makes you feel like you came to an educated and reasonable decision about what to do with your hair. You will never get a hair cut from Ellen and be surprised with getting several inches lopped off your head when all you asked for was a 1-2" trim. I loved that she listens to me and is so knowledgeable about how to achieve the effect that I want with my hair. It also helps that she's funny and friendly and it is actually very pleasant to carry out a conversation with her when you're sitting in the hot seat for your haircut! P.S. if you're a dog person, she's the perfect person to swap pup stories with!The studio itself is hip and trendy without being over-the-top. Even the ceilings and wallpaper are visually appealing and stimulating. Everything is clean and brightly lit. Small amenities like the coat rack, purse hooks, and being offered water/green tea make the space much more personable and inviting. V Vegaz does a student discount - while most of their students come from WashU, I presented my SLU Med ID and was able to get in on their 15% discount. My haircuts cost $38.25 (normal price $45), which is a STEAL as a student. Bang trims are $7 or $8 and also qualify for the student discount. Appointments are a cinch over the phone and they call you the day before to remind you of your appointment. They also offer to book you for your next appointment while you are paying on the way out the door. Don't expect to be able to get same day or even same week appointments though - because Ellen is so popular it might take a week or so from the day you call to get an appointment on your schedule.
<review# 464,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/24/2013,2/9/2014,319,681,1,21,10>Fields Foods is a brand new grocery store located in the Lafayette Square neighborhood next to the entrance to highways 55-S and 44-W.  I was able to get a sneak peak and attend the soft opening before they opened and I was so impressed that I had to get the ball rolling on Yelp!  They feature everything a normal grocer would (florist, bakery, deli, meat, general grocery) but they have an emphasis on local organic.  They also offer prepared foods and they have a beer and wine bar in the store. This is a welcome addition to the surrounding neighborhoods and for those traveling south or west from downtown.I heard they get much of their seafood from Bob's, which means high prices, but great quality and much closer for those of us who might have otherwise made the trek to Maryland Heights to go to Bob's.  I love how they are working with local farms and companies and they are also working with schools to get local organic foods into the school lunch program.
<review# 465,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/4/2013,2/8/2014,92,533,,10,6>Finally made it to Brasserie for brunch on my birthday.  Much overdue.   It's a pretty casual spot on a nice Central West End street.  There are some tables out on the sidewalk that are reminiscient of Paris.  In fact, the whole place is, which of course is the point.   We arrived maybe 10:30 on a Saturday.  There were maybe 6 tables taken and it never got more crowded.  The menu has a nice variety of breakfast and lunch items all around the $10-12 range.   All of it sounded and looked so good, but I went with the special, which was brisket braised in ale, open-faced with a fried egg on top.  It came with fries on the side and now I"m getting hungry thinking back on it.  This beef was as good as any I've ever had, just absolutely tasty and tender.  It could not have been better, except for one thing:  I pulled a few pretty big hunks of fat off.  Now, if I was a REAL foodie, I'd probably go ahead and eat it, but being a faux foodie (note the incorporation of a French word) I had to remove the blubbery parts.   My wife had a grilled ham and chees sandwich that was also very good, but didn't quite match up with the brisket.   Both dishes came with fries, which were about at thin as McDonald's, crispy and excellent. Service was stellar and attentive.  Great food, great service, nice, comfortable atmosphere, reasonable prices...why isn't this place packed for Saturday brunch?  We'll be back for sure.
<review# 466,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/22/2013,2/7/2014,182,97,2,12,6>I have eaten here before so I know the food is delicious.  But today we just stopped for dessert as I wanted to try another place for food but KNEW I wanted dessert from here.  The apple Carmel pie is my favorite!!!  My mouth just waters thinking about it!  My other half opted for the pecan pie and it too was sooo good (yes, i had a taste). There is a reason this place is famous for its pies, THEY ARE THE BEST!!!!!  We also got gooey butter cookies that were also fantastic!The decor is charming, and everyone was very nice and friendly.  The whole town of kimmswick is that way!  It really is like stepping back into time.  It is so worth the short trip from St. Louis.  I highly recommend stopping here!
<review# 467,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/3/2013,2/6/2014,132,135,5,10,8>Sump is, in a word, dope. Coffee is unappreciated as far as I'm concerned.  So much so that I, a coffee enthusiast, drink swill on the daily because well, its commonplace. Sump will enlighten you to what coffee can, and should be. Once upon a time I was lucky enough to travel to Central America where they spoil the gringos with some of the locally grown beans, brewed correctly. Makes you never want to leave, and when you do, long for the coffee you drank while you were there. I recreated those moments I spent drinking amazing coffee while i was at Sump.If you love coffee go immediately. If you are not a coffee lover, Sump might just make you one.A few side notes, Sump's logo is super rad. They don't have food. I would come back here with my laptop in tow to do some work. That's all for now.
<review# 468,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/23/2013,2/5/2014,57,84,9,9,5>Seoul food at it's finest. By Seoul food, I mean lip smacking Korean BBQ tacos.  Not only is this place a great eating establishment - whether you dine at the restaurant or order from their food truck - the owners of this place are great guys. A couple of high school buddies who had a dream of owning a food truck and now own a restaurant..... It is the modern day American Dream!!!All the tacos are delish but I recommend the spicy pork. I like it hot!  The fresh spring lettuce and Seoul Sauce drizzled on top is divine. All that flavor is held in by a fresh corn tortilla.  I am a believer this kind of Seoul food. Filling, yet doesn't leave you feeling too stuffed. I am 'Seouled' on this place and I guarantee you will be too!!
<review# 469,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/29/2013,2/4/2014,44,83,5,10,6>Grant's Farm is free, full of crazy animals, and has beer. And you can feed a baby goat. What more could you possibly want?Honestly, I'm not sure why it took my five years to find my way to Grant's Farm. I went on the second-to-last day that it was open, so it was pretty chilly, but that just helped to keep the crowds down and the animals active. I had heard there were animals here, but I wasn't prepared for the incredible number and variety on view. Just on the train ride over we rode past many varieties of exotic cows and horses, and once we got to the farm we saw elephants and zebras and lemurs.For the grown-ups, you can get free samples of Anheuser Busch beer - and they do not skimp on portion size. There is also food for sale, and I was happy that they don't charge absurdly high prices.We stuck around to watch a bird show. It was hilarious and adorable! Several of the birds performed some pretty cool tricks, and the trainers all seemed genuinely engaged with the audience.
<review# 470,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/9/2013,2/3/2014,224,200,8,10,6>5 star stamp of approval here!I've had my (all white) Miniature American Eskimo, Kumo, for about three months now. I've given him a couple baths myself, but with his nails starting to get long, and wiry little hairs coming out of his ears, and not being able to successfully brush his teeth, I decided it was time to turn him over to the professionals.You know how you don't realize how poor your vision is until you put on glasses for the first time? I didn't realize how clean my dog could get until I took him to A Walk in the Park!He was positively glistening when he came out. Much better than anything I've ever tried to do. He had a neon green bandana to accentuate that bright whiteness and the matching beaming Eskie smile. Jill did nails, cleaned/tweezed ears, brushed teeth, bathed, hand-fluffed and blow-dried, and trimmed fur at the ears and around his private puppy bits, and it cost $37 before tip. It's normally $43, but there is a (one time) new customer $5 discount (if you ask about it). That seemed like a really reasonable price, and it took less than an hour (he was her only pup to groom at the time, but I still appreciated the promptness!), but they were definitely thorough.Kumo looked really sharp. It doesn't get much better, especially since it's only a couple blocks away and we can walk there. I'm pleased. He was pleased. He had the cutest little puppy swagger as we walked home. He appeared to be saying, "Mom...I look GOOD."They've made a regular out of us.
<review# 471,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/27/2014,5/24/2014,144,692,5,7,8>I like OLFY, and not just because the acronym sounds comfortable, like a friendly name for a family pet. Obviously, OLFY has the very good frozen yogurt and fruit/candy toppings that you've come to expect from Fro-Yo places. When servers at nearby restaurants ask, "Can I tempt you with dessert?" I often think - but don't say - "Yes! Take me to OLFY!"  But OLFY deserves more than an average rating. OLFY is clean. OLFY offers frequent discounts in the form of local mailers and my OLFY "Ounce Back" card. OLFY is close to my home, a zippy SUV trip, easy bike ride, or moderate walk away. If OLFY were in your neighborhood, then you just might give it an extra star, too.
<review# 472,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/10/2014,5/23/2014,149,141,4,8,7>I booked Jest Murder Mystery for a hotel dinner gathering of about 50 people. Randy was very easy to work with, and the contract and instructions were very easy to follow and easy to hand off to the waitstaff captain without any fuss. We had no problem submitting the contract and deposit, and ironing out all of the details specific to our group.The actors were very professional and helpful. They arrived on time, and immediately set all of the attendees at ease. The show was a lot of fun, and very interactive. The actors were very funny, and seamlessly incorporated the audience interaction into their performance. I received a lot of compliments for bringing Jest in for the show!
<review# 473,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/23/2014,5/22/2014,154,611,3,10,9>Wow! Hidden gem, for sure! I brought International Supper Club here, and I am mad at myself that I haven't tried it sooner. First, let's start with the pita bread. THE BEST I've had in STL. So yummy!! I started with a Greek salad - also amazing. Ample amounts of feta, pita to soak up extras, flavorful dressing. Loved it. I also snagged a bite of saganaki (flaming cheese) and greatly enjoyed it!  I got the spanakopita. It was delicious! Two large pieces with a side of tzaziki for dipping. Definitely tasted fresh - flaky pastry rather than chewy, lots of spinach and feta taste. I couldn't eat it all and took some home. The service was great - despite having a group of 12 and there being other diners (and one waitress). She was totally on our needs, got things out fast, flamed the cheese, processed checks.. it was awesome.I WILL BE BACK.. SOON!!
<review# 474,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/8/2013,5/21/2014,213,311,2,8,5>Dressel's did not disappoint. The entire table ordered their meals based on yelper recommendations. Thank you Yelp because each diner loved their meal! The pretzel is a MUST HAVE! My my, this pretzel and rarebit dipping sauce was Ah-mazing! Although I was hesitant to order the lamb burger, it am so glad I did! The apricot chutney and goat cheese combined with the lamb was just superb. I saved 1/2 of it for dinner the next night and it was still delicious heated up. My fellow diners highly enjoyed the mussels, grilled cheese, and beer brined chicken. The Founder's breakfast stout was an excellent choice. So good that I ordered a 2nd glass instead of trying something else on their beer list. The wide variety of selections on tap and in bottles was impressive! Overall we loved our meal at Dressel's and had excellent service as well. We will be back!
<review# 475,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/12/2013,5/20/2014,46,164,3,9,5>Molly's offers so many options in one place.  First, the absolute stunner is the patio.  It is a huge and beautiful back brick courtyard, straight out of New Orleans.  It is multi-level and gorgeously landscaped with its own bars and food prep area, and there is frequently live entertainment during the warmer months.  This alone is enough for me to frequent in the summer.  In addition, the food here is very good.  Not knock your socks off, but consistent, fairly priced, and a great range of Creole, Cajun, and standard bar fare.  Great beer selection, on tap or by the bottle, plus they have a standard wine list and all the usual liquor and specialty shots that are popular with the crowd here.  The bar scene is typical for Soulard.  Usually a younger crowd, St. Louis sports teams on the TVs if playing, live music and DJs, etc.  Like many Soulard bars, they have a free shuttle to the games.  I love this perk of not having to pay to park by the stadiums and getting door to door shuttle service.  One the weekends, the inside bar area turns into a club of sorts, with lights and a small dance floor in the dining area.  This is fun and unexpected.  The first time I saw it I was thrilled that I didn't have to go to Wash Ave or the like for a club experience.  Sometimes it's fun to just zip in and out, get your groove on for a few songs, but not make a whole night of it. Molly's is perfect for this- you can eat, chill in the bar, and hit up a club, all in one big place with many separate rooms and different spaces!  Brunch is fun here as well.  There is usually a mixed crowd of folks from after church goers to club hoppers that look like they might still be out from the night before...(ah, the good old days..).  Great people watching.
<review# 476,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/28/2013,5/19/2014,172,294,4,7,7>My friends and I came here for happy hour. We had a really fun time!We were seated outside (this was late sept and the weather was PERFECT) and we all got margaritas. Our waiter was super friendly and we were really well taken care of. Just before happy hour was over, he checked back to make sure we didn't want another round of drinks (I did). The food here is good too during happy hour! We mostly got the happy hour food and I really liked it! We also got the guac which I thought was pretty good. I haven't had any of the tacos here so I can't really say anything about that. I look forward to another happy hour here!
<review# 477,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/21/2014,5/18/2014,44,83,3,11,7>This place may have the coolest Happy Hour in St. Louis. Not the cheapest- you're getting a high-quality product, and it's going to cost more than a pitcher of PBR - but for an experience it's hard to beat. I'm speaking of the Bartenders Choice, which during their happy hour (only Tuesday-Thursday and late nights) you can get for $7. Tell the bartender what you like, and he'll make you a custom drink. The attention to detail here is amazing. I went with a group of 8 people, and our waiter spent a few seconds with each of us figuring out exactly what we wanted. Requests ranged from "I like gin and drinks that are floral or herbal" to "No tequila, not too sweet" to "something with ginger." For the completely flummoxed, the waiter had a series of questions prepared, including "what kind of beer do you usually drink?" and "what's the best drink you've ever had?"All 8 of us got custom cocktails, and all 8 of us loved what we got. The thing that impressed me most was that none of us got throw-away drinks - everyone got unique, customized drinks with a range of ingredients that we could easily have ordered off a fancy drink menu.For food they have great tapas. I wish there were a little more consistency in the size-to-price ratio, as it's hard to know without asking whether a dish contains a mini serving for one or a plate for three. My favorites here are the cheese empanadas with guava sauce (perfectly sweet and salty), the lamb flatbread (rich with a tangy sauce) and the bacon-wrapped dates. The only dishes that I've had here that were underwhelming were the black bean croquettes (bland) and the vaca frita (fried beyond comprehension).
<review# 478,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/23/2014,5/17/2014,276,184,1,17,5>+ Mom & pop home-y atmosphere + $17 AYCE Sunday brunch buffet w/ bottomless mimosas+ One of the best bloody mary's in town Jax is hands down my favorite place to get Sunday Brunch in town. There is nothing about this neighborhood corner restaurant that wouldn't make you smile and be giddy with delight. The bottomless mimosa brunch for $17 might have something to do with that giddiness but there is so much more I love about this place that, like Stephen B., I almost want to keep this Benton Park gem all to myself. For an extra $7 you can get bottomless Bloody Mary's at Sunday brunch. Bottomless mimosas AND Bloody Mary's? All you can eat bacon, biscuits and gravy, a rotation of egg dishes (e.g. quiche, scramble, fritatta), potatoes, sausages, wonderfully flaky pastries (the pain au chocolat is INCREDIBLE), and an omelet bar? If brunch didn't end at 2pm I might stay here all day. Sure, some reviewers complain that it seems a little crazy here with staff milling around seemingly manning every job in house but they seem to have gotten a good system going on since they first opened last summer. They've hired more waitstaff and bartenders, but do-it-all front man/barman/manager Ryan seamlessly still mans the omelet station and oversees the bar and tables while chef Brian goes back and forth between the kitchen and the dining area chatting with customers and replenishing the buffet. The two of them are both so accommodating and friendly that you feel like you're eating at a small-town bed and breakfast. We came for brunch last Sunday and Ryan had remembered us from a few months ago when we last came - and because there were no tables available at the moment, he went out of his way to make some room for us at the bar so we could enjoy some Bloody Mary's while we waited. The Bloody Mary's themselves are some of the best in town. They had an option made with cucumber-infused vodka, which made for some surprisingly cool and refreshing Bloody Mary's. You could suck down ten of those things without feeling like you've drank a bucket of salt, as some mixes can feel. Their house mix is perfect - peppery, lemony, and the right amount of spiciness. There is one flat screen perched on top of the bar, which makes Jax a good alternative to more crowded sports bars to catch a game during happy hour. The bar is also decorated from end to end with rows of shiny pennies - hundreds of dollars worth of pennies, from what I hear. Overall, Jax is a totally cool, affordable, local brunch place that I will gladly return to again and again. :)
<review# 479,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/17/2014,5/16/2014,68,274,5,14,7>PIcked up some custom t-shirts today that I had printed for Tween's 13th birthday party coming up.  Not sure how I will refer to her on here after this weekend, since I will have two Teens - I guess that will be the least of my worries with two teenaged girls in the house.Anyway, about TLM and the shirts...they were a joy to work with!  They didn't have the exact shirt I wanted, but they found one that Tween liked even better.  They let me take home a sample shirt, then graciously sold it to me for a small amount when I announced that Tween liked it so much that she has been wearing it to school.  They were really helpful with the design - I had most of what I wanted, but they tweaked it a little bit and made it better.  The shirt style they sold me was perfect for the 13-year-old crowd, and they had the color combination that she wanted.To top it all off, they were able to accommodate me for slightly less than what I would have spent on customink.com!  So they got my business, and I got to feel good about supporting a great local business - it was a win-win!
<review# 480,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/12/2013,5/15/2014,182,97,1,8,5>We stopped here and had a nice lunch.  The atmosphere is quaint and cosy.  They have gorgeous quilts for sale in addition to food and desserts.The food was delicious.  We both had the chicken salad and I don't know their recipe, but I want it!  It had lots of chicken and celery added just the right amount of crunch.  I had the pumpkin pie.  Again, I don't know what they put in it but I want their recipe!! It was the best pumpkin pie I have ever had!  The crust was also fabulous!I also got a taste of the bread pudding and it was DELICIOUS!!!The only reason I gave it four instead of five stars was it was a bit pricey.If you are in the area, check this place out!!!
<review# 481,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/18/2012,6/23/2012,18,87,2,7,6>I went to Duke with a strange request -- a baby gender reveal cake.  The kicker?  That I wouldn't be able to get them the envelope until 12:30 at the latest on the day I needed to pick the cake up at 5:30.  Kelly said no problem, just get us the info asap.  What we ended up with was the most amazing 1/2 white sheet cake, decorated with green and yellow polka dots and the most amazing raspberry filling inside of the cake for a sweet baby girl.  We will definitely be using Duke Bakery for all of our cake/cupcake/birthday needs from here on out.  Three days later, we are still eating the leftovers of the cake (it seemingly tastes better for breakfast with a nice cup of coffee).
<review# 482,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/2/2012,6/22/2012,172,101,,13,5>Went here last weekend with my girlfriends - we have always been a bit fan of Joy Luck Buffet, but this bad boy blew it out of the water!For $10 it is all you can eat - Chinese, sushi and hibachi. The selection of Chinese Food was amazing, and the quality was the best I have seen in town! The sushi roll selection was pretty good for what I am used to at other Chinese Buffets, and the hibachi was so yummy!I agree with Jessica B. on the bacon wrapped crab - so good! I also enjoyed their Honey Teriyaki Chicken and their Lo-Mein noodles! Oh so good!Make sure to swing by and give it a try!
<review# 483,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/9/2011,6/21/2012,100,105,3,8,6>Had a great experience here!  Picked up a small cake and some pints of ice cream for a dinner party and they went over fabulously.  What most people may not realize is that the cakes and cupcakes here are gluten free.  Not sure why she doesn't advertise that fact but it is indeed true.  In case someone may not realize how exciting this is for the gluten free crowd let me show you some of my giddiness........!!!!!!!!!!!!!GLUTEN FREE ICE CREAM CAKES!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!OK.  All that giddiness aside, the cake was yellow with peanut butter cinnamon ice cream and chocolate ganache on top.  Everyone loved it and it was devoured in minutes.Also got a pint of vegan pumpkin ice cream and a pint of vegan honeydew avocado.  I loved the pumpkin.  It was very fresh tasting and definitely way more pumpkiny then sweet.  The honeydew avocado was more of a toss up.  I didn't dig it at all but some folks fell head over heals for it.  In a nutshell, this is a great new independent shop with slightly off-kilter employees and slightly off-kilter products.  I hope they are around for awhile.  And please start letting the gluten free crowd know what you make!!!  :-)
<review# 484,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/31/2012,6/20/2012,100,66,,9,5>In the past year I bought two cars from Lou Fusz and a total of three. In all three experiences we were offered exceptional service from the employees. My first car was a Toyota Corolla back in 1998 and loved that car. Last year I purchased a Chevy Cobalt and traded that in recently for a 2007 Toyota Camry Hybrid.This review  will focus on the Mazda location. I wasn't happy with my Cobalt because it was rather small with two children, especially so with two car seats in the back and so we found a Camry on their website. I test-drove it and was offered a pretty amazing deal and drove off that night in the Camry. My sales associate is Chuck Hestand. If you are looking for low-pressure and easy-going sales consultant than Chuck is your man. He listens and answers your questions, but if he doesn't know something he's honest with you. I, personally, like this style. I don't need to be led astray just so the salesperson can "save face". The finance and closing guys are Chad Roberts and James Davies and they were honest and down-to-earth. Again, low-pressure and up-front. He even said, "I'm not familiar with Hybrids, but if you need something answered we'll find it for you, Patrick, no worries"I've had no issues with the car but the car was up for inspection and I had to come back to Lou Fusz and experienced no issues. In fact, the car needed new back breaks and that is all covered by the dealer. They filled up my tank at each visit and washed my car. These are little things that I really appreciated by the dealer and will keep going back for future cars, at least to check them out.The store-front is rather spartan, so don't expect lush sitting area and flat panel tvs. However, this is ok with me and doesn't detract from the buying experience. They offer free wi-fi, which is nice.
<review# 485,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/17/2011,6/19/2012,144,93,4,7,6>Who needs McDonald's when you've got McDANIELS!!?? Alright, Mr. McDaniel's doesn't have a dollar menu, but listen to me now, if you love burgers, you have to check this place out. I went recently for a good friend's birthday, and I felt like I'm the one who got the present! I've only tried one burger there, the BBQ bacon burger, but I have to say that it was absolutely amazing! The meat was tender, the bacon cooked just right, the buns were great, and all of the extras were fresh and tasty. It was not only quality, but the quantity also was a huge plus for a big guy like me. Instead of leaving me wishing, "Man, I wish I had more!" I left with a full and satisfied tummy. I'm definitely looking forward to going back again to try another burger from their menu. If Seamus McDaniel's works his burger magic again, I'll give them 5 stars.
<review# 486,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/18/2011,6/18/2012,58,205,2,5,5>With plenty of buzz on Yelp and elsewhere, it's hard to make a first visit to Sweet Art without already having a strong (probably positive) impression of the place.The establishment touches on so many ideals: family, from-scratch/home-style cooking, healthy options, community business, small business, family business, art and cultural enrichment...You want to like the shop and see it continue to thrive, even before actually trying any of the fare.Complicating matters further, Sweet Art has to have one of the best local business websites in St. Louis. Easy to navigate, with tons of information and an honest, friendly readability, visitors can't help but feel like they know all of the basics behind this neighborhood bakeshop and studio....and that preparedness created a disconnect that nearly disrupted my first stop in.My advice? Have a cupcake first. Learn about its background afterwards.All you need to know is that:1) The shop is open until 6p W-F and until 5p on Saturdays.2) They do accept credit cards.3) The #80 bus runs directly in front of the shop, and there's adequate street parking.4) There will be multiple flavors of cupcake.(Break to enjoy...).Once you try one of the fresh cakes, you'll understand what the talk has been about. Consistently moist and flavorful, with a buttercream topping that's at once rich and airy, sweet but not artificial, creamy with no hint of any texture but, the unfilled cupcake varieties available all were pleasing in their own ways. Compared with fellow purveyors like Jilly's or The Cup (fka The Cupcakery), Sweet Art's treats are an order smaller and with less lavish garnishment, but no less tempting in flavor (...and possessing the superior cake-to-frosting ratio). The disconnect mentioned earlier comes from a few paragraphs on the shop's website that might've been overlooked as the business adapted, changed, and had to deal with higher commodity prices.Somehow, for instance, I missed that all of the food listed is only available earlier in the day. Stopping by for the Vegan Soul Food Friday in the late afternoon, following work, while the sign with the special menu was still on the door, the chalkboard menu inside clearly showed that EATS stopped at 3p.Similarly, at a reported $2/cupcake (Yelpers know that this price has gone up), I was prepared to gorge on the traditionally-sized, cream-topped goodness, happy to've found a shop that had been able to subvert the $3 price point... except that prices have gone up to $2.75 each. A good value still, but not as fantastic as reported.In the end, it's incredibly easy to recommend this place. The cupcakes truly speak for themselves, which is why your best bet is to stop crafting an expectation with reviews and just go.
<review# 487,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/25/2011,6/17/2012,251,118,,9,2>This is my all time favorite place for dim sum here in St. Louis. It usually gets pretty crowded during the weekends, but that's a good sign of great food! I don't mind waiting for a seat especially knowing that their dim sum is the best in town. I can get a little picky with my dim sum since I have lived in San Francisco and Los Angeles prior to moving here. From their lo mai gai (sticky rice wrapped in lotus leaf), shrimp wrapped in rice noodles, shrimp dumplings and pork shu mai--it's all good! I agree with the other Yelpers who also claimed hat they have the best shu mai in town. As far as prices go, it's a little more than I'm used to paying (about $25 for two people for dim sum). It's still worth every penny!Wonton King also has the best fried rice in town! I haven't dine here for dinner or lunch yet, but only usually order take out or delivery. Yes! They deliver! My only gripe is that they charge $2 for a delivery fee (unlike other Chinese restaurants in the area). Order take out if you want to save a few bucks.
<review# 488,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/19/2011,6/16/2012,51,70,4,4,3>G & W Meat is the best!  I might be the single most impatient person on the planet, but I actually look forward to waiting in line here.  There's nothing like having a free can of Busch beer with strangers.  Free beer is ALWAYS a great idea, but particularly so while waiting in line in St. Louis.  This place also has 10 types of brats!  My personal favorite is the jalapeno cheese brat, but I know it's too spicy for some people.  Be sure to follow their specific cooking instructions for optimal results.  Apparently, throwing them directly on an incredibly hot grill is not the best route.  Anyway, don't be a brat.  Buy local brats.
<review# 489,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/27/2011,6/15/2012,99,408,,12,6>UPDATE: On my most recent visit here, I discovered that they took the English names off the menu! I don't know if they are gonna give non-Chinese folks English menus or if they just completely decided not to bother with appealing to non-Chinese speakers...but the menu I got did not have English. Just a heads up!!How is a place not listed on Google Maps one of the best Chinese restaurants in town? This tiny Chinese restaurants manages to spread its fame through word of mouth in the Chinese-speaking community; however, even many avid-Chinese food lovers out there do not know of its existence. The owners (a Shanghainese family) seemed to have given up from the start to even try to appeal to non-Asian eaters, as evidenced through the lack of any English language sign visible from the road. With that said, there are so many reasons to try this place. The dishes have English names underneathe them so you have an idea of what you are ordering. But really, just point to anything and you won't be disappointed. To name off a few, the Chinese style ribs are delicious! Tender and juicy; the home-style tofu is lightly fried and sits in a yummy vegetable medley; the eggplant is soft and flavorful. I have not gotten anything that I didn't enjoy here. This place is cash-only and receives quite a few take-out orders at meal times. There are however 7-9 tables inside that can comfortably sit 4 people each. The set up is bare; folding plastic chairs and tables; so don't come for atmosphere. Entrees are cheap (averaging $4-8 each and large portions so go nuts and try a bunch). There, I've done my part in promoting a business that deserves much more attention than it has been getting in the past number of years. It's a pity that I've always had more enjoyable food here than the much more famous Lulu across the street (not that Lulu is bad but Home is so much more unpretensious, cheaper, and have more authentic flavors). Now that it's on a map (aka Yelp directory), maybe you'll also discover it to be one of your favorite Chinese places in town someday.P. S. For those who are curious, Shanghai cruisine is known to be a bit on the sweet side.
<review# 490,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/3/2012,6/14/2012,36,209,6,7,5>We should say good-byeTo pizza from PiThe prices they make my purse cringe.But, the salad Bada BingIt makes the heart singAnd the thick crust is well worth the binge.Seriously....Love that Southside classico.  I'm from the Southside---and I'm a bit classico, so maybe that 'splains it. So, even though I feel guilty shelling out so much dough for, uh, dough, my taste buds will insist we return.
<review# 491,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/1/2008,9/3/2008,319,681,1,4,7>The food isn't marvelous.  It's just typical.  I disagree with the idea that you can't give stars just for being a landmark.  Blueberry Hill was there when the rest of the Loop was a graffiti-fied dump.  There was nothing else in this desolated area, but Blueberry Hill and Fitz' Drive-in (a dump at the time).  Blueberry Hill anchored and invested in the area when no one else would dare.  That takes vision and is a gamble.They might not get stars for top o' the line food, but they get stars for having one of the best outdoor people watching spots in the region, great music acts; and yes, for being a landmark.
<review# 492,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/19/2008,9/2/2008,165,166,3,2,3>I went to Petra a couple nights ago after having my faith in humanity crushed by an outdoor hipster concert/gathering. What better way to ease the pain than to nurse a drink and get my hookah on? We plopped down at a table outside. It was a great night. Temperate August. First thing's first-Our waitress was very kind considering it was the first time any of us had smoked a hookah that wasn't in some stoner's basement. She walked us through the tobacco list, held our hands when we needed a smoke coach, made sure we always had booze. I ended up with a watermelon mojito, which is totally out of character for me to drink. I was in the mood for something fruity and female, and I regretted it immediately. Too much junk in my drinks perturbs me. It was chunky and weird and I washed it down with a beer. We got pomegranate tobacco, which was a little more mild for my own taste, but everyone else loved it. Something about it really bothered me, though. The outdoor seating area was embarrassingly segregated. There is a walk way up to the front door. Said walkway divided two seating areas. I think all I need to say is-I was on the side of the walkway made up entirely of whitie, urbanites acting all cultural. There was zero hostility/tension. I doubt it was intentional, but to anyone who walked by it was painfully, painfully obvious. There's not a lot anyone can do about that, but it made me anxious.Regardless, I'll go there again. I didn't like what I ended up with, but I think it was a case of the bad order. Happens occasionally. Next time, I'll go with something more earthy to smoke and beer.
<review# 493,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/17/2008,9/1/2008,4,22,4,6,5>I have yet to find a restaurant that serves better Mexican than Senor Pique.I've worked at Senor Pique as both a hostess and a waitress for about two years.  There was never a moment when I became bored of their food.  My absolute favorite meal on the menu is the Tacos de Camarones (Shrimp Tacos).  As a waitress, I've recommended this platter to customers as the best choice for anyone who likes shrimp.  The responses I've received have never been anything less than being absolutely delicious.Enough spotlight on the shrimp tacos... You can never go wrong with Senor Pique's fajitas.  It comes out sizzling and with just enough variety of sides to create tacos according to your taste.  I also agree with Maggie, Steak Senor Burrito is definitely in my top 5 platters there.At Senor Pique, everything from its chips and salsa to desserts are made from scratch in its own kitchen.  The restaurant is owned and managed by a couple (Angel and Janet) and their family.  Of course, the service is outstanding! ;)For those who enjoy a live music and dancing, Senor Pique has its very own salsa band that plays live every Friday night (8 to about midnight).  They also give free salsa lessons on their dance stage!
<review# 494,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/22/2008,8/31/2008,25,27,3,4,3>Technically, this place is called Chi now. Identity crisis aside, there's a fair amount to like here. The service is quick for a sushi bar. The space is clean and *mostly* inoffensive (pixie picture in the bathroom? not a good look), if not a bit cramped. Most importantly, the sushi itself is significantly better and fresher than anything else I've tried in St. Louis thus far. I especially recommend the spicy california roll and any of the tuna-based rolls. The menu is a bit limited, but I'll always prefer a place that makes a few dishes well to one that makes a billion flavors of crap. On the other hand, the bubble tea is complete ass and if you're unlucky, the restaurant may do something ridiculous like run out of RICE when you arrive.A lot of people begrudge Chi for lack of an easily ascertainable "hook". Quite frankly, I couldn't care less about their image - they could model themselves after a nuclear bomb shelter and I'd still go there. The sushi is what matters, and for that, Chi is still the best game in town.
<review# 495,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/29/2008,8/30/2008,59,177,4,4,4>Very interesting store. I always find new things to try and, you might want to punch me, but I always find products to make fun of as well. I mean, when you see a chocolate bar called a KinderBar! with a picture of a kid on it, am I wrong in thinking it looks like that kid is one of the ingredients? Also, cheese shrimp paste in a tube? Yum! And by yum, I mean vomit. Seriously, though....it's a really neat store and I am glad it's available for me to make fun of.
<review# 496,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/18/2007,8/29/2008,234,47,3,3,4>When I lived in St. Louis, Black Thorn Pub was always my go to bar. You can't go wrong here.It's a great neighborhood dive with friendly people, friendly bartenders, a good beer selection, great Chicago style pizza that rivals actual pizza from Chicago, and lots of activities including foosball, air hockey, shuffleboard, darts, Golden Tee, and my all-time favorite: an original Donkey Kong arcade machine. Chicago has some great bars, but I have yet to find one that offers all of the things that Black Thorn Pub offers. St. Louis truly has a gem in this place. Don't take it for granted!
<review# 497,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/27/2008,8/28/2008,42,67,3,2,2>I came here for breakfast and ordered a Rooster Slinger with the Mo. made German sausage (which is a locally made sausage w/ jalepeno peppers) and over easy eggs over sourdough.  I was quite impressed at how well everything went together.  And to top it all off, their breakfast potatoes are excellent and they top it all with a country gravy with sausage bits that the rest of the country can't seem to get right (that country gravy is one of the culinary highlights of my semi-annual trips to St. Louis).  Got served very quickly & staff was great and kept the coffee coming.  The last time  I was this impressed with a breakfast was the Bongo Room's pancakes in Chicago.
<review# 498,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/15/2008,8/27/2008,8,53,2,4,2>I was in town on business and a co-worker traveling with me wanted to go to Cunetto's.  It was busy on a Thursday night, so we waited at the bar and had a couple of beers.  The decor is dated, as another reviewer mentions, but we weren't there for the ambiance. He had the spaghetti & meatballs.   I had tortellini with meat sauce.  Huge portions, tasty and relatively inexpensive with most pasta entrees between $8 and $12.  (You can split the entree for $2 and that's what I'd do if I was out with my wife.)   I couldn't finish mine.  I had some of his dish and the meatballs were fantastic.  I regret not trying the toasted ravioli, but at that point, it would have just been piling on.  I skipped breakfast the next morning and only ate lunch out of habit.This was my first time visiting the hill neighborhood too.  Pleasant experience all the way around.
<review# 499,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/22/2008,8/26/2008,7,39,3,4,4>Love the bocce ball courts though they're not level, which kinda affects gameplay.  But we don't have bocce in Chicago, so I won't complain too much.  I need activities at bars and this was perfect.  An amazing atmosphere.  The patio is huge but it closed at 10:30pm.  A big bummer.  I had a few Stag bottles as I'm a huge fan of crappy beers.  Another thing that threw me off is that they have a Boulevard Beer sign out on the patio yet don't serve it.  False advertising.  The huge patio and bocce ball courts more than make up for these negatives.  Also, St. Louis, enact a smoking ban already!
<review# 500,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/2/2008,8/25/2008,85,427,17,8,7>my love, how long has it been? I can't believe we've lost touch over the years. Sure, I've taken other lovers since your perfect, foldable deliciousness crossed my lips. I took up with that thick Chicago chick for a while. Lately, I've flirted with an aneorexic St.Louis girl. I'm ashamed to admit, I even dabbled with fast-food pizza. I WAS WEAK, DON'T JUDGE ME!But nothing could make me forget you. Your full-figured crust baked to perfection. Strong enough to support mushrooms, olives, sausage, not-too-sweet tomato sauce, all that mozzarella and still fold in half. Provel could never satisfy me like your mozzarella could, you know that, right baby? Let's forget the past, okay? We'll start anew. No, I know we can't have what we had before, but we can have something new and even better. Just you and me. Together forever. I love you La PIzza. Man, you've a great set of calzones.
<review# 501,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/4/2011,1/10/2012,11,77,2,4,4>This year was my first trip to this art fair.  While it certainly plays second fiddle to Art on the Square in Belleville, this art fair definitely holds it own.  It has some great things going for it.  They have all of the booths set up under large tents so there is plenty of shade, and there are fans at the corners of the tents to keep people cool in the August heat.  There were plenty of artists to see in lots of varieties of artwork and media.  I walked out with a photography print for myself, and my friend got a copper whirligig type thing to give as a special and unique wedding present.  We went right when it opened in the morning.  The weather was cool and the crowds were manageable so that we could talk to a few of the artists and really get in there to see everything.  They also had people playing live music on a small stage.  When we were leaving, we stopped by the food pavilions to grab some ice tea, and they had lots of food, refreshments, and cold treats.  I will definitely check out this art fair again.
<review# 502,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/12/2011,1/9/2012,21,91,,9,7>There are few things I love more than bikes and beer.  These two loves of mine combine into a delicious bike/beer sundae at the Handlebar.  Not that I've ever really ridden my bike here or anything.  In fact the bike thing is more of a suggestion than anything.  It's really just a fun bar that always seems to have a party vibe.The several times the gf and I have went we've met some very nice people.  I get that it has somewhat of a "hipster" vibe but I don't feel anyone here is pretentious or anything like that.  Everybody is usually chill and down to Earth.  People socialize with strangers.  I really like that about this place.  Even though they have their "regulars" nobody will look at you like you're crazy for coming here.I can't say I've ever had their food except for snacking on garlic bread.  The pizza looks so amazing though.  They have some great house drinks and a very nice tap selection of mostly local brews.  They also have a 2 dollar mystery can that I'd recommend not doing unless you can stomach some really nasty beer.I'd be remiss if I didn't mention the very large patio.  As of this past weekend they now have an outside bar that was complete with live music.  I really really like this bar.  It's fun, cheap, has great beer, everyone is really nice, and they love bikes.  What's not to love?
<review# 503,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/9/2011,1/8/2012,140,254,5,4,5>It took me forever to cross the river and make my way up here, but Hometown Comics is a great shop!I purchased two Groupons for Hometown Comics last summer, and though I regularly visit friends in Illinois, I just didn't have the chance to make it to the shop in downtown Edwardsville (or, honestly, I kept forgetting to use it). The day before I went out of town in August, I realized that my certificates were expiring that evening, so I made the trek to Far, Far Away. I'm so glad I did! You probably know about my love for Star Clipper, right? Well Hometown Comics is equally as cool, but in a completely different way. HC is a shop tucked into a building in the old-timey part of E-ville (park in the free lot behind the buildings and across from the library). Inside, the abazillion racks and shelves are squeezed into the small space, but it works. I typically don't go for the "dark, cluttered comic book store," but I really enjoyed browsing in HC. I picked up a few Buffy and Star Wars collected editions and was tempted by quite a few weeklies. The place was somewhat in disarray when I had visited, but that was because Hometown Comics was preparing for an uber-celebration the following week for the DC reboot/reimagining/reissuing/reeverythinging. You guys - the shop was bringing in the crazy Superman guy who runs around in downtown STL. I SO wish I would have been in town for the celebration!The real reason Hometown Comics is going to become a regular destination for me is because the owner is super friendly and INCREDIBLY knowledgeable about not only storylines, but also the entire comics industry. We chatted for quite a while about business practices, DC vs Marvel, conferences, and why we love the things we love. The shop also has a great Facebook presence, which I always love, plus he'll order pretty much anything you need. Moreover, when I accidentally tried to not follow the Groupon rules (this particular Groupon said one per person - totally my bad for not noticing!), he was extremely understanding about it and worked up a solution (along with some gentle scolding, which I totally deserved). Note: This isn't a shop that caters to fans of all nerddom. HC doesn't really carry board games, Magic cards or figures. On the other hand, the shop has a freaking pool table!Even though it was a hike from downtown STL, I was so glad I made the trek to HC and had plenty of reading material for my trip the following day. Excelsior!Web: hometowncomics.com
<review# 504,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/17/2011,1/7/2012,319,681,2,7,5>Small, clean, open, and contemporary, this simple restaurant sits on a side street off Washington  Ave.  They have a diner-esque counter, free wi-fi and they serve breakfast, lunch, and dinner. I've only been for breakfast, The breakfast is awesome and the prices are reasonable,  The breakfast pizza is an especially good bargain if you are sharing.  YUM!  Another plus is that the staff are extremely accommodating with "special diet requests" and we had THE BEST waitress ever!! TONS of personality, greeted with a BIG smile, and on top of it!! Great experience!
<review# 505,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/4/2011,1/6/2012,71,61,2,6,8>Coooooookie sandwich I crave you now!  Next time you go to The Cup, do not overlook the delicious items on display that are, in fact, not cupcakes...like the Double Decker!! Since discovering this oatmeal chocolate chip cookie sandwich with icing (either vanilla or chocolate) in the middle, I have not been able to stop thinking about it.  I'm sure I will start dreaming about it soon.The cookies are bigger than my hand and are (IMHO) perfection. And the icing is the perfect addition to make it a sugar coma-inducing dessert (or meal).Before the Double Decker discovery, I could [almost] always fend of the forces of The Cup drawing me in as I walked by.  Now, I'm not sure if that'll ever be possible again.  I'm going to need to reroute the walk from my apartment to Euclid so that I am not tempted. My budget and waistline can't handle it!
<review# 506,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/1/2011,1/5/2012,413,665,26,13,9>I hate cupcakes. I hate everything about them. I hate that they are so messy. I hate that I end up eating paper. I hate that I can't get equal portions of frosting and cake into my mouth at the same time. I hate how obnoxiously overpriced cupcakes are allowed to be. And most of all, I hate how trendy cupcake stores are. Seriously. Nothing peeves me more than cupcakes, cupcake stores, and cupcake enthusiasts. There was a buzz at the event I attended tonight when it was announced that there were Sweet Art cupcakes. I rolled my eyes, snicked at all the stupid lemmings flocking over for their mouthfuls of butter cream and paper, and stood in the corner scowling. Three hours of small talk later and I was stuffing a cupcake into my pie hole. This isn't a cupcake. False advertising. Take the wrapper off, put it on a plate, hand me a fork, and I've all but forgotten how much I despise this pathetic excuse for a dessert. You can't understand why it's called Sweet Art until you fucking taste it. Seriously. From where I was standing, it looked like another stupid, lame, worthless cupcake, not art. But holy shit. HOLY SHIT. I have NEVER tasted anything like it. Both the cake and the frosting, SERIOUSLY, like nothing I've ever dreamed of before. Totally unique taste, ten times better than any cake I've ever tasted, cup, sheet, or otherwise. After consuming a Sweet Art cupcake, I hate cupcakes even more. Knowing cupcakes like these exist makes me loathe every disgusting crumbly thrown together piece of crap cupcake. I'm officially converted. Eating that Sweet Art cupcake was like having wild hate sex with a 10. I'll be back for more.
<review# 507,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/6/2011,1/3/2012,133,63,4,11,4>Tower Tacos is the bomb dot com.So a long time ago, Tower Tacos was this kind of bare bones Mexican restaurant, very similar to a lot of the Mexican restaurants in it's neighborhood. They only had like four tables, super tiny menu, what seemed like one employee, and a tiny tv that played Mexican soap operas (my favorite). So someone bought them out and deco'd the place to give it that sort of Americanized Tex Mex vibe. Then they added all kinds of non-Mexican food to their menu. They have a section called "European Delights," and when you're used to the tiny taquerias that have a four-lined menu, you're gonna be super wary of the bright restaurant with Schnitzel on the menu when seeking authentic mexican fare. BUT DO NOT FEAR, it is still really delicious. Well the Mexican food is delicious, I have yet to try to the cabbage rolls.The chorizo tacos. You've gotta get the chorizo tacos. They are so good. Really, incredibly flavorful. The pork tacos are really good too. They have a lot of vegetarian items, which is kind of a rarity for Cherokee Street Mexican restaurants. The employees are sweet.  I talked to three different employees last night and all of them were genuinely helpful.You still get your free chips, two kinds of salsa, and huge pitchers of margarita, while watching futbol no the big screen.  It's a gringos' dream. Wait can I call myself that?The one and only annoyance I have is that they charge you for chip refills. Some might say I'm being picky because I'm whining about getting an unlimited free item, but if you're gonna give our table two freakin bowls of salsa, one basket of chips just isn't enough.
<review# 508,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/26/2011,1/2/2012,60,293,2,5,5>If you can't beat the food envy monkey, I say join him! That is exactly what I did last night when we dropped in for dinner. A while back we stopped in and I was so envious of Steph B's food I was tempted to snatch it right out of her hands. Knowing that the couch is not comfortable I restrained myself, but last night I knew what I was going to order before we even left the house. I was again surprised by the quality of food that you get at this little dive bar (an no that is not a put down). The Bleeding Deacon looks as it it has gone unchanged over the last 20-30 years, and if it was a block from home I could imagine myself becoming a regular. The staff and patrons were all friendly, and ended up having a mini mid 90s dance exhibition propelled by you tube. But anyway, back to my review. We arrived shortly after 6 and were informed that from 6-7 they offer a dollar off their draft beers and $3 rails. We started off with the Truffle Fries. These were down right tasty, lightly salted, with scattered bits of flash fried spinach and the truffle aioli sauce for dipping. It was the perfect start to dinner with the best yet to come. Last time I watched in awe as the hands down best grilled cheese sandwich I've ever tasted was consumed right before my eyes. This time I resolved to do the consuming and to heck with watching. This baby has smoked mozzarella, cheddar, honey glazed apples, rosemary aioli, lettuce, tomato and I added bacon for good measure. The aioli wasn't overpowering, but seemed to fit perfectly with the sweetness of the apples and the savoriness of the cheddar cheese. It was A-MAZING, and I enjoyed eating every bite. The bread that they picked was perfect, though it seemed to come from a loaf that would be more at home in a giant's hands as the sandwich was huge. I ordered the mac n cheese to go along with my "not your momma's" grilled cheese. This is where things fell flat. Everything else to this point had been great, but the mac n cheese was underwhelming. No matter, the sandwich still rocked and I got to enjoy more than just a bite this time.
<review# 509,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/2/2011,1/1/2012,317,728,9,6,6>Gooey butter cake! Cookie assortment! Bread!Every time I get that cookie assortment, I hoard it! Don't want to share at home, so I eat the whole thing . . . picking each one out individually . . . like it's the best one in the box . . . until they're all gone!
<review# 510,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/15/2011,12/31/2011,108,53,3,4,3>I met my friend Mallory at Bogart's for lunch the other day. I had no idea it existed until we were looking for a place to eat around Soulard, and of course, I pull up Yelp.com on my computer to take a gander on what was around. To my surprise, a very highly rated BBQ joint popped up, and it wasn't Pappy's. Eager to try something that could potentially rival the STL classic, we decided to meet there around noon (it was a great day for BBQ, by the way).The prices were very reasonable (around $8 for a large sandwich and 2 sides). I ordered the Texas brisket sandwich with chips and applesauce. We sat outside at one of the many picnic tables they have to the side of the building and within 2 minutes, our food was delivered to us. A waitress was always by every 5 minutes or so to tend to the tables outside and to ask how everything was - great customer service, brisk AND friendly. I will say I was a bit disappointed they didn't have more options for sides (any version of fries, baked potato, pasta salad, etc). I am not a fan of coleslaw or potato salad.The brisket sandwich was great once I added some of their many sauces, including a very sweet pineapple sauce. The meat was pretty dry and I didn't get as much of it as I would have liked, my meal ended too quickly! The applesauce, though, was the unlikely hero in this story. The sauce was really chunky, less sauce, more like an apple salsa with cinnamon sprinkled on top. The apples were nice and tart so the cinnamon complemented it nicely. While I can't say Bogart's is better than Pappy's, is definitely not worse. I'll have to go back for another taste test. Who's buyin'?
<review# 511,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/15/2012,10/13/2012,48,424,4,15,6>I've been following chef Gerard Craft's tweets about Pastaria for many months now... trip to Italy, practice pizzas in his backyard, choosing plates and silverware, etc., and it was so much fun to be there on opening weekend. The space is wide open, casual and inviting. All the pasta is made at the front of the restaurant, and there's a gelato counter with some amazing flavors. Tonight they had basil (wow), birthday cake (with chunks of cake in it), banana sesame, salted caramel, goat cheese, pistachio and others. The food was delicious. We tried a salad, pasta with cheese and pepper, pasta with bolognese sauce and a margherita pizza. The cheese and pepper pasta was really creamy and a little spicy... so good. The pizza crust might have been my best part of the meal... just perfect and with a slight char on the bottom. The bolognese had a bit of a smoky salami flavor which we thought was interesting.There was a ton of staff - looked liked there were 4 or 5 restaurant managers walking around - and our server was efficient, friendly and knowledgeable about the dishes.We really enjoyed our first visit to Pastaria and look forward to going again very soon.UPDATE, 9 PM: We just ate our gelato that we got to go. Wow. Best gelato I've had outside Italy. Fantastic.
<review# 512,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/24/2012,10/12/2012,48,157,12,11,11>There seems to be some confusion out there in the world... City Museum is NOT a children's museum. If you're looking for padding and an educational guided experience for you and your gaggle of offspring, you should probably head to the Magic House. This place is meant to revert even the oldest visitor back to a mindset where anything is possible. So what if you can't climb? You still have eyes right? Take in the most amazing piece of interactive sculpture you will ever see! CM is also not a museum in the traditional sense. There are very few plaques explaining what you're looking at. Because the idea isn't to simply just look, it's to touch, climb and EXPERIENCE. Ask questions if you're curious, but don't expect to have your hand held. That's not what Bob built this place for. I don't understand the reviews talking about how "expensive" it is to come here. It's $12 +tax (add $5 for the roof). Go to Florida and pay $22 to visit the Dali museum, which isn't all that great, and then we'll talk. Yeah, if you've got 5 kids it'll add up quick, but you were the one who decided to have those 5 kids, so I'm pretty sure you're used to paying out the nose for everything anyway. *end rant*The point I'm trying to make is that you have to enter City Museum with an open mind. One look at the giant mass of metal climbing 6 stories high in the parking lot and you should know you're not at the History Museum. Take a risk, climb something that freaks you out. Go down that slide. You'll be happy you did.
<review# 513,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/28/2012,10/11/2012,51,573,,5,4>When we dine with our friends the B's, we always try to find good vegetarian options.  I noticed Meskerem advertised in FeastSTL and decided it sounded like a good option.  We made reservations for a Saturday evening.  Although we decided to have beer there, we did learn that their corkage is only $7, which is really nice.  Beer just sounded better with the food.  When we arrived, they told us that they were backed up a little because of some International food festival or something of the sort.  We decided to stay and risk the wait and in the event, the wait was not an issue.  Our service was very good from Maggie.  She helped us understand the food, since it was our first time.I can highly recommend the Lentil Sambosas that we started with.  They are served with a very good red chile sauce that is tangy, sort of like sambal olek.  We also had a starter of Azifa, which are lentils with onion and peppers and well seasoned with mustard vinaigrette.  I love mustard oil as a seasoning in lentils and this was very flavorful.  It is served cold and eaten with the soft injera bread.We ordered so that we could sample a good portion of the menu and shared it around the table.  It turned out that we had plenty of food.  Ms B and Ms T ordered single serving combination platters, vegetarian combo and Meskerem combo respectively.  Mr B ordered Special Tibs Lamb and I chose Special Tibs Chicken.  It is hard to describe all of the moving parts of this meal, especially after the fact, but I can certainly recommend the combo platters, either one.  I particularly liked the Miser Wat, Shiro Wat, Goman Wat, Fosilia, the Special Lamb and the Doro Wat.  In general these are nicely rich and flavorful.  I found the Special Chicken Tibs a little on the boring side, as well as the Miser Alecha.  But really, there was not a bad selection in the bunch.  I was wondering about eating Ethiopian style using the injera, but this is easy to do for a novice.  The only thing that happens is that you end up eating a lot of bread this way and it really fills you up.  I imagine in Ethiopia a typical family might not have the abundance of food we were offered and the bread would be an important part of getting a filling meal.  I liked eating with the bread (as opposed to chopsticks, which usually frustrate me) but ended up asking for a fork so I could finish the dishes without more bread consumption.  We had a great time, an enjoyable, flavorful meal and I am looking forward to going back, perhaps with some other family members who I'm sure would enjoy it.
<review# 514,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/19/2012,10/10/2012,50,74,5,11,7>Tony's will always have a very special place in my heart.  I have the world's greatest dad, and when I was a little girl, we used to go on fancy "dates" together.  Often times, we would go out to dinner at Tony's (my mom would blow dry my hair, make me wear a "party dress", and put a little bit of blush on my cheeks), and then we would go to Stars On Ice- it was a figure skating show featuring Olympic skaters.  In other words, my father made it impossible for any future man in my life to show me a great time.  I will never forget the first time I saw fish being deboned table-side.  It was fascinating! As a little girl, I vividly remember ordering the Dover Sole and watching a server filet the fish and remove all of the bones.  It was so freaking cool to me.  I also remember the taste of the spinach tortellini, which was perfect.  Fast forward about 15 years, and my whole family was back at Tony's.  It was just as I remembered and the food tasted just as great as it did when I was a child.  I had the pleasure of ordering a Tony's salad and the Lobster Albanello.  Holy. Crap.  This lobster dish is one of the greatest things I've ever eaten... ever.  It was easily one full pound of perfectly cook and de-shelled lobster meat covered in the most decadent cream sauce I've ever tasted.  This dish was wonderfully simple; it didn't have any garnish or frills that distracted from the pure "good-ness" of the food.  If you even kind of like lobster, you NEED to go to Tony's to try this dish.  One more great thing about Tony's: (drum roll please...) their prices have gone down! Yes, it is still expensive, but it will no longer cost you an arm and a leg (and another leg, your face, and your first born) to eat there.
<review# 515,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/11/2012,10/9/2012,185,237,3,7,4>I can't believe that I am the first to review the Beaver!We drive by this place every time we leave the Cardinals game.  The sign reads, "$.99 Burgers."  Obviously, this advert weighed heavily on our decision to finally check out the Angry Beaver.I like what these guys are trying to accomplish:  reel in patrons with cheap eats and get them to buy the beer.  How very Fast Eddie's!  Really, this place lacks some of the charm of a Fast Eddie's, but it's difficult not to appreciate the inexpensive food.  For $9.50, my wife and I had two burgers, two sodas, a bratwurst, and an order of cheese fries.  I'm not complaining!I meant to ask the waitress, who was very nice, about the beer prices, just to get a gauge of what a evening here would run.  However, she was basically running the inside by herself, so the opportunity never did come.We decided that Angry Beaver might not be our cup of tea, but we are not your average sports bar patrons.  Still, I think it's truly ideal for a few beers and some decent grub after a big red W!
<review# 516,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/29/2012,10/8/2012,139,268,,5,5>After hearing about Southwest Diner opening last week, I wanted to be one of the first to check it out. It is kinda in a weird area, definitely off the beaten path. According to our server, it used to be a coffee shop, before an AA meeting site and originally a bank. The safe from the bank was still intact, directly behind our booth- pretty snazzy. Beyond the history of the establishment, the decor was great. Hands down one of the coolest, kitschy feels of all time. I ordered coffee and my SO said it was Kaldi's... delicioso of course- they kept the refills coming until I actually had to tell them to stop because I can't handle that much caffeine! I wanted to order everything on the menu but was in the mood for breakfast so went with the breakfast burrito- you can choose your meat so I went with chorizo and added the green chili verde on top. It was the perfect breakfast burrito. My SO had the huevos rancheros. As a Mexican, he claimed that they prepared the huevos rancheros the "right way".... not sure what the wrong way was but before I could really ask for a sample, he had destroyed his breakfast. Guess it was just that good.Service was on point, White Stripes playing in the background made me happy and the price was on point as well. We talked to the owner on the way out, a super nice guy. We will definitely be back.... just as soon as they get their liquor license ;)  Breakfast calls for bloody marys!
<review# 517,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/11/2012,10/7/2012,117,126,3,12,6>Pretty excited that the old Sabu's is now Comet Coffee. And also a little frightened for my coworkers. Since Comet is only a few blocks from my job, I'm going to be an overly caffeinated mess from this point on. First, let's talk about what Comet Coffee is not:-Comet Coffee is not a Starbucks. -Comet Coffee is not a restaurant. -Comet Coffee is not a place to grab a quick cup of Whatever on your break.(Accurately) considering itself a part of St. Louis' budding coffee culture, Comet is more along the lines of Sump on Jefferson. I'd call it a much less intimidating version of Sump. There is no drip coffee here. Which is why I say it's not just an "in and out" grab a cup and go kind of place. And if you are even mildly enthusiastic about coffee, you will be thankful that you've been forced into trying a different brew method. French press, pour-overs, and several other options are available. The amount of time each will take is listed on their limited menu. Most only take a few minutes, and they are well worth the wait.Today's pick was Intelligentsia (Chicago), and they should be getting Stumptown (Portland) in the near future. Comet will be the place to try amazing roasts that you won't find other places.If you want a pumpkin latte, go to Starbucks. If you want a hummus plate with your iced latte, go to Kaldis. If you want a really, really good cup of coffee, go to Comet.Edit: I was so blindsided by the awesome straight up coffee options, I totally missed that Comet DOES offer flavored lattes (homemade caramel, homemade vanilla, and hazelnut), mochas (made with Oberweis chocolate milk), chai, frappes (vanilla, caramel, mocha, toffee), and smoothies (mix and match with various bases and fruits)! How did I miss all of that? And can I get there before 5 pm today to try them all? :)
<review# 518,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/3/2012,10/6/2012,36,209,1,4,5>Thank you, Lent, for incenting me to try something other than my usual blue cheese wedge salad and chicken wings (which I absolutely love---and want to eat right this second). Lester's Fish n Chips were superb!  Nice flaky chunks of fish in a beer batter accompanied by HOT, crispy skinny fries.  My mom kept stealing them from my plate, tempting me to give her the evil eye.As always, the service was prompt, friendly, and efficient.  The only thing that would make Lester's better is to make it walking distance from home.
<review# 519,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/14/2012,10/5/2012,122,266,3,6,6>This place was amazing! We just came here on a whim.  $.40 an ounce this is the cheapest i have yet to find.Flavors that were just full of flavors and deliciousness were:Yellow CakePink CupcakeFrooty Loops (Something like that)This is by far my second and close first froyo place in St. Louis just nudging below yogoluv.  They have a frequent froyo card which is great :)They do not have a ton of choices, they only have 4 froyo machines so only 8 flavors at a time, alot less than say orange leaf.  Great location, 15 minute parking outside too.  There is outdoor seating but on a hot day its like an igloo in side you will love it! TRY IT...you know you want to :) We will be coming here every saturday after visiting the farmer's market down the street.
<review# 520,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/5/2012,10/4/2012,90,707,4,8,5>I better start writing reviews again before I forget about all of my recent-ish experiences! I've been wanting to try World's Fair Doughnuts for quite a while, so on a Saturday morning a few weeks (yes, a few WEEKS) ago, I decided to make the short drive over. The place is small, and it looks rather old on the outside, but don't let that fool you; this place is FULL of doughnuts! I'm normally not a fan of cake doughnuts, but these looked so appealing that I had to try them. I tried the apple cinnamon cake donut and the sour cream cake donut, as well as a chocolate long john, a cinnamon roll, and a regular glazed donut. Okay...so all of these donuts were sampled over the course of TWO visits, but wouldn't it be totally badass (read: fat) of me if I hoovered all of those in one go? In any event, the donuts were all delicious, and they were ridiculously cheap. Bring cash, because that's all they accept! 5 stars for the donuts, 5 stars for the prices, and 5 stars for the older lady behind the counter who complimented me on my "Bitches Be Trippin'" t-shirt. Yep...I wore that shirt out in public. I'm a classy broad, what can I say?
<review# 521,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/29/2012,6/4/2013,330,151,5,13,8>Katie's, you've got it goin' on.     I finally got to come here a few days ago for a dinner date with one of my friends. She was running late so, after being greeted and seated promptly, I grabbed the new article of Alive magazine and nestled into my cushy padded seat (every chair is different, along with every table!). I love the darker lighting, the knickknacks on the tables, the christmas lights in the window--it lightly nudges, "look how cool I am," without having to try too hard. My waitress checked on my a few more times to see if I was doing alright before my friend got there.      I did notice everything is a little on the higher end of the "cheaper" scale. My friend and I decided to split a salad and a pizza which was a perfect combo, we ended up walking out full, but not overly stuffed, and I wasn't having buyers remorse.     We decided to order the Fried Artichoke salad to start off and for our pizza, the Sun Dried Tomato, Chicken, and Pesto pizza. The salad was out of this world. It was a very generous portion and the artichokes were fantastic; their flavor sealed in to their nicely golden skins. There were pistachios and goat cheese--two things i can never turn away from, along with asparagus. It was a flavorful, well prepared starter to our meal and we were happily eating it along with our pizza. It didn't take long for either dish to come out (or maybe my friend and I were just gabbing away and didn't notice the time passing by!). When our pizza came out the smell wafted towards us and we both shared a look of absolute appreciation. It's 13" and our pizza was $18, I believe. But I can say I was full after two slices, and that says a lot, I can put down quite a bit of food. The chicken was roasted, the pesto was fresh and the crust--sweet, soft, pull apart and thick.    All in all this was a great first experience, I want to come back and try some of the signature drinks and, of course, some of the other pizza selections! This little boho-goes-glam spot is a little pricey, but I think it's worth it!
<review# 522,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/9/2013,6/3/2013,162,212,3,5,3>My big 1-0-0! I finally got to see my favorite band of all time here: Garbage. We got there early to check out our "seating arrangement." Well, to be perfectly frank, there isn't much of one. In my opinion, if you're super into the band playing, you don't want to be sitting anyway. After we realized it was going to be easy to stand literally 10 feet from the band, we headed to the bar. My husbands draft beer was more than my gin and tonic. Granted, they used bottom shelf gin, but I was still excited about $4.50 for a mixed drink. If you don't mind a little pushing and shoving to get a good view and decent pictures, go to the floor area. As I alluded to earlier -- this is all part of the experience to me. Once the opening act starts, you don't want to leave for anything or you'll be fighting to get your place back (which I witnessed). Overall, I'll always choose the more intimate venues over the larger ones. This was my first time at the Pageant, but I know it won't be my last.
<review# 523,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/14/2012,6/2/2013,123,106,3,5,4>What's not to love about this place??  The atmosphere is cozy, the prices are reasonable and the food is incredible!  I am not a food sharer, but my husband and I (who are both big eaters) could share a lunch crepe.  I am a big fan of their savory crepes... I've tried: The Brittany: honey ham, fresh asparagus, havarti cheese, fresh spinach & hollandaise sauce The Mont Blanc: grilled chicken, fresh mushrooms, mozzarella cheese and red onion with mushroom cream sauce  The Shady Oak: mesquite grilled chicken, fresh spinach, marinated tomatoes, green onions, havarti cheese, & our housemade honey-dijon dressing The Brittany our favorite.  I also need to rave on their coffee drinks.... they are great!  Their pumpkin latte is one of my favorite seasonal beverages.  They use fresh pumpkin and spices.
<review# 524,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/9/2013,6/1/2013,75,154,3,6,3>Good food & great service!I was in the Union area for an auction and after a few hours of listing to auctioneers, bidders, and hoarders fight over a mix of antiques and crap...I was hungry!!!My boyfriend's family and I found Junie Moon's and were rewarded with some good grub.I had a bowl of their peppery chicken soup...which was hearty & delicious.  The soup had a creamy broth and two oversized dumplings with a nice, peppery kick.  It was served with a generous portion of white baguette bread, which was great to dip into the soup.Prices here are very reasonable and the portion sizes are just right.If you are in the Union area with a hankering for some good, honest comfort food...Junie Moon's is your destination!
<review# 525,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/3/2013,5/31/2013,101,271,3,9,6>When it comes to BBQ I wouldn't say I am an expert, but I do know what tastes good and Big Woody's is tops in my book. I love that it is locally owned and that the couple that run it are incredibly nice. They really take pride in their food. Personally I can recommend the spicy pulled pork sandwich it's has a nice sweet slow burn to it. The sauce they use on it is also great for dipping, I loved mixing it with there sweet and smoky sauce. They also have the best fries I have ever tasted. They put the dry rub on them and its freakin amazing. I could seriously get fat on this shit.I am really impressed with the prices and hope they stay the way they are for a while, it's straight up affordable, amazing, comfort food.Ps my wife said that she recommends getting the Texas toast over the standard buns.
<review# 526,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/1/2013,5/30/2013,48,157,5,7,6>I have a love-hate relationship with Cluinaria. It's wonderful finally having something like this downtown; I can run in and grab a few things without having to detour to my usual Arsenal Schnucks. The store is bright and laid out as best it can be given the space constraints. Their prepared food selection is great and they typically have most of what I need on an abridged shopping trip. The checkout is also crazy efficient, and the cashiers have twice now pointed out deals that I could be getting; for example buy one get one orange juice, and letting me run back and grab whatever it is while the finish ringing me up. All that being said, I will NEVER again stop by here at 5pm on a weekday. It was madness. The line wrapped all the way into the produce section, so you couldn't really get in there to find anything. I hate crowds, and got crazy overwhelmed and left without half the stuff I'd gone in for. Lesson learned. Avoid peek times and like with any other grocery store, you'll have a much more pleasant experience.
<review# 527,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/24/2013,5/29/2013,54,81,6,9,7>Wow, do I want this place to work!Central Table is a bland name for a pretty nifty set-up. Set in 10,000 square feet of prime CWE real estate near ravenous Barnes interns, this place is a high-end food court by day (minus sbarro), up-scale dining by night. I enjoyed a unique dinner here a few days ago, during their training/soft opening. It's a large, drafty, cafeteria like space, we were greeted extensively. Forget the minor delays/looking at notes, the staff is very friendly. I dined on octopus for my app, 'say what?!'. Served with fennel, it was a taste these buds have not experienced. Going for a safe bet, I had the Vegetable pizza as my entree, with broccoli rabe, mushrooms, tomato and eggplant. Did you hear? They have a stone oven that will heat up to 1,000 degrees to heat your pizza. It was tasty, a bit salty on the dough. For dessert, we had the Blood-orange sorbet, chocolate/olive cake. Supposedly some ganache in there as well. I enjoyed the odd flavor combo, yes....those are olives!Use the valet for $4 if you are against walking, or park in the BJC garage cause the validate your ticket at night, for pete's sake. I will be back, to assess the other dining stations, maybe some sushi? Or chocolates to go?! Or probably a quick sandwich for lunch.
<review# 528,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/27/2013,5/28/2013,37,91,10,11,8>Def Leppard should think about tweaking the lyrics to their hit song immediately to "Pour some SugarFire on me".  Oohh, in the name of love this place is rockin'!  I processed their menu and settled for the brisket with a side of cheddar grits and the bean salad.  Lets get the sides out of the way first.  After putting my tray of caloric brilliance at my table, I went to the soda machine and was immediately turned on by the guilt free zero calorie Lucky Club soda.  If I was about to ingest 4 figures worth of calories, the least I could do was wash it down with something that didn't add to it. It tasted great, like a Diet Coke, but I was pleased to know it was made locally.  I swear I received close to a pound worth of grits.  No chance I was polishing these off all the way.  They were good, but not outrageous.  However, I can't remember a time I've ever had grits in my life and was blown away with any kind of revolutionary flavor.  The bean salad was great as well. On to the main event.  The BEEF BRISKET.  I'm smiling right now reminiscing about it.  I had 4 different sauces on my table.  I tried them all.  The Carolina Mustard was my least favorite, but I never have been big on this style.  It had a distinct vinegar taste to it.  I know there are a ton of people that enjoy that variety of sauce, so taste for yourself.  The Watermelon, yes watermelon BBQ sauce was completely out of left field.  My initial thought was this is a man's type restaurant.  Watermelon sauce has no business being here.  I was wrong.  It was one part tangy, and another part watermelon fruit driven.  It just toyed with my taste buds.  So good.  The coffee BBQ sauce was savory and rich.  It tastes just like it sounds. An incredible nuance. My favorite was the Texas Hot BBQ sauce.  It was big and bold, just like the state of Texas.The brisket itself was extraordinary.  It had a beautiful marbling to it and it just fell apart as soon as I put a fork to it.  It was smoked perfectly and was warm as the summer sun.  The place was eerily quite, but when everyone is so focused on devouring their plate, it is easy to see why.  These guys aren't afraid to take a culinary chance, and I like that. I had a grand old time at SugarFire, and there most definitely is a new sheriff in town when it comes to BBQ.
<review# 529,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/9/2013,5/27/2013,238,242,6,10,6>Frozen Yogurt shops are a dime a dozen now days, but I was especially happy to see a new one open downtown within a few blocks of my home.  Yesterday was the grand opening which coincided with the St. Louis Cardinals opening day, so I had to swing by before going to the game.   The setup is similar to most self-serve yogurt shops.  You help yourself to a cup and choose from 8 different flavors of yogurt including low-fat and no-fat options.  A toppings bar offers fresh fruit and a selecting of candies and such.  There are a few things that I really like about this place.  First is the banana yogurt!  I'd never had banana yogurt until this place, and I must say it was delicious!  The second think I like is the fresh fruit on the toppings bar.  The ripe and juicy strawberries were perfect with the banana yogurt!  The third thing I like about this place is that it's owned by a couple who live downtown.  They have filled a nice corner space on Washington Avenue making it a great addition to the neighborhood.You won't find a gazillion options here at Bella's, but you will find a nice simple selection of yogurts and toppings in a nice little place.  I wish they would have had a vanilla option, but I'm kind of glad it pushed me to try new tasty options like the banana and mango.  Anyway, they say their flavors will change often, and I can say I will be back often....probably very often.  I almost returned after the baseball game, but didn't think another cup of yogurt would go well with the beer I'd had.    4 stars for Bella's and lots of love to one of our newest downtown establishments!
<review# 530,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/22/2013,5/26/2013,103,317,9,18,11>Okay, I'm going to have to start seriously stalking Stewart P. Just kidding, Stewart. Kinda. But seriously, Stewart P. knows all these hole-in-the-wall places that are simply excellent.I found myself in West County this week to take care of some business. And because I didn't want to resort to chain restaurants, I started to do some digging and came upon Stewart's review. And since it was literally right around the corner from where I was at, it was a given no-brainer.Words do not describe this place. They say they are a Pakistani, Indian, and Bangladeshi grocery store, but I think they should throw in Middle East as well. They also carry Halal meat. As stated before, it's in the same strip mall as Goodwill and USPS. The strip mall is a backwards L and Mid East Market faces west, so if you are westbound on Manchester, look for the Goodwill because you will otherwise miss it. It's basically in the corner of the backwards L.You go inside, and it's basically the Indian subcontinent right before your eyes. I'm serious. The fruit and vegetable section isn't too impressive, but they do have some of the basic vegetables used in Pakistani/Indian cooking. They have drinks, teas, frozen stuffs, Indian snacks, spices, flours and other grains, and any kind and brand of mix your little heart desires to put together the perfect Indian subcontinent dish. They even have ice cream brands from India. Not kidding. In the back left, they have a butcher stand, and the prices for chicken, beef, goat, and lamb are very reasonable and comparable to other ethnic markets (and actually probably better than your chain grocery stores). I'm sure the butchers had a field day watching me wander up and down the mix aisle grabbing masalas and curries and then sniffing the spice bags. I'm glad they didn't see me start almost tearing up grabbing the puri and the Bombay mix and the Gujarati mixes in the snack aisle, the very familiar bags courtesy of one of my best college friends whose mother would send extra just for me. (No, they don't have them at Global Foods, I've looked.)The real awesomeness though is in the back right, the food stand. I ended up overordering...hey, when am I ever in West County? Falafel, beef or chicken gyros for $5.99 with your choice of toppings. My beef gyro with the generous slices of meat came with a slightly muted tzatziki sauce. It might not have been as huge as a doner kebab, but it sure was delicious and nongreasy. They actually may be my favorite gyro place now in the St. Louis area. Chicken samosas are 79 cents and the veggie samosas are $1.00. The veggie samosas were amazing...probably could have had a bit more peas in there to go with the potatoes, but the incredible spicy kick gave off that homemade rush. And I got the chicken tikka with rice to go ($4.99), which smelled so good, I nearly had to inhale that too instead of saving it for dinner. The chicken was a little...crumbly, but the flavors were there. You can order chaats, goat biryani, beef nihari, goat haleem, and even jelebi. Best yet, they even do catering! It says dine-in on the carry out menu, but I think it's all carry-out...I don't remember seeing any tables to sit and eat. And do ask for utensils, they didn't give me any with my chicken tikka.The uncle at the cash register totally smothered a smile when I tottered up there with all my food. They do take credit cards. Hours are Monday thru Saturday 10 AM-8 PM, Sunday 10 AM-7 PM. Their website has a menu: mideastmarket.net, but it's actually not a comprehensive menu for some reason. You can bet I'll be back next time I'm in West County.
<review# 531,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/15/2009,12/22/2009,45,113,2,8,3>Open just under two-weeks now, Six Row Brewing is beginning to attract quite a crowd.  The pub is small, cozy and has a very friendly atmosphere.  Six Row opened in an old Falstaff Brewery Plant just west of Grand on Forest Park Avenue (@ Spring).I was immediately greeted by both the bartender and Evan, a co-owner and the brewer of the beer.  Evan Hiatt is a very outgoing and is happy to share information about the origins of the pub and his interest in brewing.Six Row, the name, is a nod to both a type of grain used to brew beer and to the pub's six owners.  It is not, however, the only grain used to brew Six Row's beers.  I sampled a flight of the five beers currently brewed by Six Row.  I believe I had the ESB, Kolsch, Strong Porter, Extra Pale Ale and the Whale.  The Whale is a Wheat/Pale Ale hybrid made from 10 different malts.  It smells heavenly like fresh baked bread.Food is available, but not the main concern of Six Row.  Pretzels are available as are what appeared to be 12" frozen pizzas.  The pub is smoke-free!The atmosphere is relaxed.  I witnessed groups of young and old bellying up to the bar or sitting at many of the pub's reclaimed tables.  The bar tap, I am told, has been reclaimed from the Fox and the Hound bar once open at the Cheshire Inn.I look forward to stopping by Six Row very soon!
<review# 532,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/15/2009,12/21/2009,59,303,8,7,5>Having just moved to the neighborhood, I'm saddened at the lack of culinary diversity versus living in the Tower Grove neighborhood (I know, it's a five-minute drive... But this is something that I don't like about my new area.)I thought this place was closed for the longest time; my schedule makes certain that the lights are off when I drive by. But on a chance day where I happened to be off work, I immediately pulled over.Heck yeah. Mexican food in my hood. One can only eat so much Macklind Ave Deli or wait in line at Onesto's.It was a slow night, but through conversation with one of the owners, the place tends to get busy, and he apologized in advance for how busy it sometimes gets but still recommended that I stop by from time to time in the summer for margaritas (which are huge) and their array of good food.I ordered a-la-carte, which meant that I just ordered a bunch of stuff that I imagined would be good (it was). My victims that afternoon were taquitos (beef) and sopes (chicken). The taquitos were overloaded with a fantastic guacamole and weren't the kind of narstiness (the R is for extra-nasty) in taquitos you would find in your grocer's frozen food section, or at 4am at 7-11. This was a nice blend of spice and meaty consistency that a deep-fried cylindrical taco should be... All for around $5.For a similar price, I found the sopes to be phenomenal. Sopes are made from ground maize soaked in lime juice. They are arranged into patties and fried. Like tortillas, sopes serve as a medium for your more familiar foodstuffs in the Mexican culinary palette. Usually, they're more an afterthought; kind of like how you would never comment on the flavor of soy sauce... It just IS.Well, these sopes are tasty and delicate compared to some of the rock-hard dough pad I've had at other Mexican establishments. According to Lily's owner, they sopes are that way because they're freshly made to order; not prepped and left out in the refrigerator, which changes their consistency and takes away their flavor. They were topped with grilled chicken and had the same guacamole that came with the taquitos.The sopes are now my go-to dish at Lily's. Try them out when you're not sure on what to order.A word to the wise: make sure you either ask about their specials or look at one of their counters for hand-written signs that talk of other, less-visited-by-the-American-diner-but-still-tasty dishes.Additionally, make a trip to the salsa bar; their salsas are home made, and are loaded with good, genuine flavor. Some celebrated local restaurants actually make their salsa to taste the store bought crap. Go figure.And brush up on your Spanish, or buck up and ask one of the server girls, who are all fluent in English, well-versed in the menu, and are more than happy to translate for you. I overheard a customer say that "chuletas" sound pretty gross. This was after I received my to-go order and wanted to kick myself for not looking around or asking for specials. Chuletas are pork chops. In the hands of whoever works in the back of Lily's, these would probably be magical pork chops, filled with the power to save the world from war, hunger, and Vegans (sorry my vegan friends, but pork chops and bacon are the reasons why I'm not one of you). I wanted to leave the man to his ignorance, but one of the servers promptly translated it for him and the customer gladly ordered them.Next time, Lily's. Next time.So here's the thing: on weekends, which I assume are really busy there, phone an order early and to-go (unless you want to drink, then have a seat, snack on some tortilla chips, and slurp some margarita madness). Finally, work on your Spanish. Set that Sesame Street Spanish free, and make sure to keep your eyes and ears are open for specials that are more than likely going to be wonderful.Lily's is an island of family-friendliness in a part of town that sometimes lacks in that category. Go there. Enjoy!Oh yeah, the only thing bad was the parking; actually not the parking, but all the people doing a U-turn on that street. Watch out.
<review# 533,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/11/2009,12/20/2009,129,341,8,6,6>Truly the great gas station (it is an understatement to call it that) in St. Louis.  As others have noted, there is a plethora of food and beverage options ranging from the mundane to the exotic.But, as a filthy, dirty, disgusting, cigar smoker, I cannot let it be overlooked that Joel's had a HUGE FREAKING CIGAR SELECTION.  And not just vomit inducing Swishers and Black & Mild, but real, wonderful, tasty cigar options.
<review# 534,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/9/2009,12/19/2009,44,18,3,3,1>The first thing you'll notice about Jade is exactly what you won't notice... A large, well placed sign. It's a bit hard to find - especially on a dark rainy night.The great news is that everything else about it is delightful! From the decor, to the cleanliness, to the excellent and accommodating staff, I was pleasantly surprised on my visit to Jade Restaurant and Lounge.The food? Another win. If you judge your asian food on the deliciousness of the crab rangoon like so many St Louisans do, you'll be very happy you chose to dine there. It's hand made, crisp and not too greasy. Pretty much everything you want in a rangoon.I, however, judge almost solely on the spicy tuna roll. And let me tell you... it was the best I've had in St Louis. That's no joke. Perhaps it was just a good night for the Sushi chef, but I haven't had better here. The tuna was fresh, the rice perfectly cooked and the spiciness was just right. I'll be a patron of Jade again sometime soon just to make sure it's as good as I had the first time. Until then, 4 stars!One caveat - when I was there it was mostly empty similar to other reviews here.  Being a new restaurant I hope people give it a chance. If the problem is that you can't find it, just go to the corner that Culinaria is on and walk west. When you smell crab rangoon take a left and enter the door. You're either in an Asian restaurant at that point or somebody's apartment building. If you're in an Asian restaurant, you're probably at Jade! Sit down and order some saki. If you're in an apartment building, look at the resident listing like you're pretending to visit someone. Then feign a cell phone call and say out loud, "Oh, you're at Jade? I'll be right there!" This saves embarrassment. Now leave and start over from Culinaria.
<review# 535,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/9/2009,12/18/2009,8,13,8,9,5>Me and the girls from my work love going to this place.  The pretzels and cheese dip are amazing.  They have one of the nicest patios in the area, with a huge fire pit and so many TV's that my head is always spinning trying to watch everything.  One of my favorite Sunday spots for watching football.The staff is very friendly and attentive, I have always been pleased with the service.Apparently if you have a problem with a cute girl serving you food in a t-shirt and jean skirt, you might not want to go here.  If you like reasonably priced food, good drinks, and above average service I would say go for it.
<review# 536,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/19/2009,12/17/2009,15,32,,4,3>I have now been to Katie's twice. Both times I started with their huge Italian market chop salad. It has the most sublime citrus vinaigrette, and is chock full of sliced fresh veggies: like fennel. I love fresh fennel.Their 12" pizza selections are all mouthwatering. This time, I split the Italian sausage, leek and fontina cheese combination with my mother (who was visiting). We both LOVED it. The crust is tasty and crispy (and NOT cracker thin). It reminded me of pizza I had when I lived in Southern France - actually pizza found all over the Mediterranean. Our table mates shared one that had prosciutto, fontina and asparagus. Also delish!They have a nice wine and beer list and a charming dining room -- filled with eclectic mismatched vintage tables and chairs, as well as vintage lighting.The bonus on this last visit? A vintage Sophia Loren Italian movie projecting above the bar. Delightful! Go visit Katie's if you are hankering for a nice pizza pie!
<review# 537,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/19/2009,12/16/2009,35,82,,4,1>Made a special trip to The Cupcakery because I love cupcakes, and was excited to see a real cupcake store in St. Louis. I wasn't disappointed. The neighborhood is quaint, the store is very clean, and very nice, and the cupcakes are delicious. I tried the double chocolate (chocolate cake, with chocolate buttercream), the Italian Cream (yellow cake with a rich, creamy buttercream type frosting, topped with toasted coconut sprinkles), and the red velvet (red velvet cake with cream cheese frosting). All of the cupcakes met my expectations, as far as cupcakes go, though the red velvet was the winner of them all. I will say they're a little pricey at $2.75 per cupcake, but I understand why. After all, they are a bit larger than normal cupcakes you make at home, and they come in a cute, little box, which is nice, too, but most likely adds to the price.The only problem I had with The Cupcakery centered on parking. There just isn't much of it, and what's there is metered parking. Not ideal, but hey, it is what it is. Bad parking or not, when I get them chance I will definitely return.
<review# 538,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/20/2009,12/15/2009,384,258,,9,5>Last night, after work, Jim and I headed over to The Map Room for the very first time.  We met up with friends of ours (Jenn, Brett, Matt, Jeff, Robyn and Terry) and had initially planned on seeing a movie out on their patio, but mother nature had other ideas and there was a rain delay.We all settled down in one of the many cozy nooks there. The place is just wonderful, like a good friend's family room (with a lot of extra tables)very charming. There are sofas, loveseats, settees, etc...all over, with books to read and even board games to occupy an entire evening.We did check out the patio and it's also wonderful. There is plenty of space and an enormous tree growing right in the center. They have free movies out there every Saturday night (unless it rains) and they are the old "talkies" so I'm sure they will be a real treat.The drink menu for this cafe is very imaginative offering a wide variety of concoctions most of which can be ordered "spiked". We ordered the White Sangria, made with melons and the Spiked Ice Tea of the day (spiked with Absolut, and cherry liqueur). Later we went back to get a large Chai Latte that was AMAZING and my new favorite drink. They served it to us "Americano" size which is only 1.00 more for double the amount! What a deal!We were a little hungry so we ordered the "Picnic Basket" where we got 2 cheeses, sausage, fruit, olives, nuts and bread....all for only $12.00! Try to swing that deal in France.There were all sorts of wonderful pastries and muffins and a fantastic array of beautiful desserts.If you'd like to see the rest of the photos that I got that evening...you can check them out here at the bottom of this album...We will definitely be going back all the time!!!
<review# 539,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/3/2009,12/14/2009,35,62,4,6,2>My new favorite late night spot in St. Louis.Sol combines all of the elements of a "true" lounge. Relaxing atmosphere, great music, and a great crowd.There are three areas to Sol, each one representing a different musical style. The main lower level plays some of the best trance/techno music I've heard strung together in a long time. The other two levels are more  rooted in rap/ hip-hop.The drinks are fairly priced. The bar is large, and the bartenders are quick. The lounge area is dominated by coaches against the wall overlooking the dance floor. The other cool thing about Sol is that there is always a great movie on the big screen over the dance floor, but not sure why the subtitles are in Chinese.  The people are usually pretty chill/cool for a lounge type bar, but every once in a while you'll run into a weirdo.
<review# 540,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/26/2009,12/13/2009,165,166,6,11,4>Lemme break it down for you- There are three levels of all you can eat. The more complex the rolls, the higher the level. The cool thing is, if you get the Level 2, that entitles you to all of the rolls/dishes in that level AND everything in the Level 1. Likewise, with the Level 3, you are entitled to everything in Levels 2 AND 1. The Levels also contain nigiri sushi, salad, appetizers. They had a wide variety of traditional rolls as well as Americanized concoctions, I personally, wouldn't go near, but since it's all you can eat, I noticed some people getting the cheeseburger roll just for shits. It's a relatively small joint and I was there with a group of about 20 people or so. Our waitress (Audrey, I think) was amazing and took care of all of us promptly and courteously. I was super impressed with her professionalism and poise during the chaos of serving a group that size with a kitchen staff of five people or so. High five, Audrey! We were ordering massive amounts of food and the quality of the rolls never suffered. I mean, at all. It was amazing. High five, Sushi Rollin' Guys!  I can't gush enough about the staff at Blue Ocean. On top of that, they split our checks for us, which is also a huge favor to us. In regards to St. Louis sushi, I have to say that this place is the shit. I have pretty simple tastes when it comes to my rolls, so everything I wanted was in the Level 1 (had all of the vegetarian options). They share the bar with 609 next door, so they can make you pretty much any cocktail you want. I spent about 30 bucks on myself for dinner. That includes two 5.00 cocktails. I would say that's amazing value for the amount of options you have. Based on the previous reviews, I think they have probably improved a lot. Not only was our table ready, there were vases of fresh flowers, too. I thought my stomach was going to f-ing burst and spray a sushi-splosion all over Delmar. Gush, gush, gush. I loved it.Note: That defensive review at the bottom concerns me a bit...Do we really think that's the owner? That's not good...
<review# 541,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/27/2011,8/29/2011,99,408,,6,4>UPDATE: We stopped by again recently. While the cold shredded chicken and beef noodle soup were still tasty, the sweet and sour pork was pretty terrible. It was grisly; the sauce it came coated in was runny and tasted predominantly of soy sauce (not nearly as quality meat or tasty as the same dish at KC Chinese Rotisserie on Olive). I'm not gonna change the rating as I think it's still more than 3 stars, but beware when you order that particular dish. I wasn't a fan. _____________________________________Best Chinese restaurants in any town are more than likely not your giant food halls decked out with lantherns and plastic dragons. Sure Lulus and Mandarin House are pretty decent, but for real home-made flavors, you gotta think small. How small? Drive-thru coffee shack small! I read about this place on Yelp and finally tried it last weekend. It is even smaller than what I expected based on everyone's reviews. There really are only space for four people to eat and we are talking about cramped in, sitting on plastic red stools. Despite this, the place looked fairly clean and it was pretty cool on such a muggy weekend. The "lone old lady" is very friendly and chatty with us. Her grandchildren were helping out and we got to talk to them too. We learned that she came from Chongqing, the spice capital of China in the Szechuan province famous in China for its hot pot and fiery-tempered but good looking women. Plenty of restaurants in the United States have Szechuan in its name, but very rarely do they offer anything remotely close to authentic local flavors (Joy Luck has pretty good Szechuan style dishes if you want to try more substantial dishes that are not offered by the coffee shack. They are on the Chinese menu). We shared a number of dishes, including the spicy noodle, shredded chicken, Yu Shan pork (sweet and salty pork stir fried with hot pepper), and wontons in spicy sauce. Everything was tasty and reminded me of mom's cooking. The portions were not big but not bad at all considering how we ended up paying only $25 after tip for two persons. I will definitely return; And if you are interested in more authentic Chinese cruisines, you should check it out too!
<review# 542,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/17/2010,8/28/2011,92,533,2,7,5>Schlepped the family into Socos last Friday night to give it a try.  We were very impressed with the quality.  Every little thing was done right here, and for a fair price.   Now as far as ambience goes, Araka it ain't.   It's pretty much like a little corner deli - a little kitchen, counter, a few tables...and a beautiful mural that is very well done (and I'm not easily impressed).   The AC seemed unable to cope with the heat on this particular day, but since it was probably 100 plus, I'll cut them some slack.  We got the gyro deluxe (includes feta), gyro salad and hummus appetizer.  All of it was very good, but I'm pretty sure this was the best hummus I've had, and it's a rare day we don't have some in the fridge.Give this little joint a try.  They're putting out a good product at a good price.   Greek food works pretty good for carryout, too.
<review# 543,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/21/2011,8/27/2011,207,169,8,5,7>Two Toot Toots please! Carpenter and I went back to our roots with a visit to Bleeding Deacon yesterday for dinner. As an update to my previous reviews, the weird smell is gone, and the food I had this time was considerably better than my last time here. We shared a chicken sandwich and a pulled beef sandwich. The pulled beef wasn't as amazing as the other dishes I've had here, though.  Oh, and we got the Fries and Shine. Fries, gravy, ketchup and eggs are a south siders dirty dreamI also noticed a lot more vegetarian options on the menu, there is in fact a vegetarian section rather than having vege items mixed in with the other stuff.The best part of this visit was seeing that Colt 45 Blasts are now being offered on the chalkboard of beers! HOORAY! Malt Liquor for my generation, it's not just for gas stations and hobos anymore.
<review# 544,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/20/2011,8/26/2011,159,623,3,5,7>... so we're the type of people who will drive far out for cuz some chef moved out West.  We did this for the I *heart* Mr. Sushi guy (Yoshi's) and now we've done it for Kenji, formerly of Sekisui on Grand.... but actually, Izakaya Ren is abooout the same distance, so it's ok.I have to say it was worth it.  We came on a slow Sunday (they juuuust opened what, 2 weeks ago?) to a strip mall and walked inside to see a pretty small eating establishment... which made us wonder about their customer turnover rate.  We just ordered all over, from the skewers, a chop chae salad (Kenji and this Korean guy, Wokrae Cho are co-owners?), grilled fish neck, and sushi.They were all delicious.In particular, I liked the pork belly wrapped asparagus skewer.  It wasn't seasoned, making me think of sam gap sal.  It was gosh darned tasty.  The chop chae salad was potato glass noodles with greens and a spicy chili oil vinaigrette thing that was pretty good.  The sushi.  This is what we really came for.  The fish was about room temperature and was just melt-in-your mouth quality.  You know how hard it is to find a place that has a decent yellowtail roll with green onion?!  It's absurd.  I really hope they hold their standards to this high a bar.Finally, the hamachi kama was fresh, moist, and delicious.  It wasn't pre-cured or anything, though.  It was just plain simple fresh fish neck that sat on the grill undisturbed.  The only gripe I had was that the skewers were pretty expensive for their size, which averaged a bit over 2 bucks apiece.  I don't know if they have a happy hour, but I will likely steer clear of that part of the menu otherwise.  We found ourselves easily dropping more than 20 bucks a person for this place, but that was simply because we felt the need to try ALL our staples.All in all, we will definitely be coming back again.  If you like plain old fashioned Japanese food with a little mix of Korean, this is the place to try.
<review# 545,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/5/2011,8/25/2011,165,166,9,12,9>Yesterday, the SO had the day off. He asked me what I wanted to do. I gave him a nondescript nonanswer, so he picked for me. I was excited to see he wanted to help me pick out some interview clothes, and this was the first place we stopped.This strikes me as a place you need to visit often to get the best stuff. Also, some of the high-end stuff is still a little overpriced considering the wear, but there are deals to be found at Women's Closet Exchange. What I scored: A brand new floral Calvin Klein dress (original tags intact) for 26 bucks. Not perfect for interviews, but totally perfect for summer time parties and weddings.What I coveted: A lightly worn Jimmy Choo bag that was still out of my price range, but was very lovely to look at. I believe they have a layaway-type program here, so if you see something you can't live without and you're in an economic predicament, WCE has you covered.
<review# 546,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/24/2011,8/24/2011,456,314,12,9,7>Yesterday May 23rd I lost power to the house.  OK I don't have a key. There that is out there.  I had my house locks replaced and never put a key on my keyring.  Well when you tickle the tail of a dragon it will bite you. I came home to take care of my dogs and no power no way to get in.  Total Lock does work for the company I work for and I called them for help.  I cannot tell you how amazed I was at how fast they came out.  Now the interesting part.  I put in Baldwin Locks in my house.  They are expensive but I really did not know why, now I know.  He tried to pick my locks and tried for about 45 mins. on the three doors.  No way he could pick those locks.  He said he was sorry but he just could not get in.  I am thinking now what?  He says he can drill a lock.  I think for a moment and say yes drill I have to get to those dogs.  Well he drills the lock and gets me in.  He then goes to his truck and finds a replacement cylinder and repairs the lock.  What is cool about this is my house had 3 different locks and keys now I have one key that works my doors.  So I was able to get in and now I have a key on my keyring to open the house.  As a side note he was gone maybe 5 mins and the power came back on.  Lucky me LOL!
<review# 547,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/31/2011,8/23/2011,56,220,2,5,4>The Shaved Duck is one of those places that I yelp-stalked for a real long time before I found a meal partner that would try it with me.WOW!  it definitely lived up to it's reviews.  LOVED the ambiance, cool, intimate, little bit trendy, but comfortable.  We went for lunch and there were maybe 3 other tables there the whole time.  The service was awesome. We got the crab cakes for an appetizer, I don't really know how to judge these since I don't get them very often, but the corn sauce around them was my favorite part.My lunchmate got a flatbread with duck, I don't remember the name of it but she really enjoyed it.  I am a fan of deals, so I got the pulled pork sandwich with a side (I was dying to try the mac n cheese) and a soda for $8. I will never make mac n' cheese at home again without remembering how good I've had it here.  I am the kind of person that usually stays away from it at restaurants because I don't think it's going to be very good (think buffet mac n cheese).  This was complete with toasted bread crumbs, and dare I say it, better than Sweetie Pies... I wish I would have ordered it twice, but in retrospect I don't need the carbs!Just remembering this place, I may have to make the trip out there tomorrow...
<review# 548,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/18/2011,8/22/2011,45,301,6,11,10>I'm not a fan of going to the doctor, but Downtown Urgent Care couldn't have made it any easier to get same day treatment for a minor injury.After getting turned away from the Walgreen's Take Care Clinic, I walked in to this clinic.  I filled out my paperwork and less than five minutes later, I was speaking with a nurse about my injury.Less than 10 minutes after that I was meeting with Dr. Sonny.  He's very nice, thorough and professional.  The prescription I needed was in stock at their office and had a co-pay comparable to what I'd pay at Walgreens, saving me a trip to the pharmacy.  After the evaluation the doctor told me I can call or even email him if I have any follow up questions.  I was in and out of their office in less than 30 minutes.  I highly recommend it and would definitely go back!
<review# 549,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/1/2011,8/20/2011,132,135,3,4,6>I've been wanting to try Taste for way too long and I'm so glad i finally made it there. Browning H called together a last minute impromptu meeting of himself, Stephanie S, Dave F and the very memorable Kurt W.Between the five of us, we ordered almost half the cocktail menu and probably 1/2 of the food menu. It was really awesome going with a group who was down to pass around the food and the drinks, so we all got to try a bit of everything. Their menu is truly suited to share.My favorite food item was the roasted radish bruschetta. I also really enjoyed, the risotto and the oysters which were a special that night. The only dish i did not like was the Rockfish. The fish was not that tasty and i was not a fan of the fennel/purred bean/grapefruit combo...while i love all those things separately i was not liking them together.Everyone already knows Taste has a MEAN cocktail list. It was beyond fun trying what they have to offer. I started off with the In A Pickle which was by far my fav of the night....perfect to cool off with on a hot evening! My party also enjoyed the drink and we ended up ordering several punch bowls to share.I also ordered the Subtle Hustle and the Stormy French (which tasted like root beer!) and had tastes of many drinks. I don't think there was a single one that i did not like.Last but not least is the fantastic service. Our server knew the menu very well, and was not afraid to give her opinion when i asked which drink i should order....and she was spot on with excellent recommendations based on what i told her i liked! And, as Stephanie mentioned in her review, when she asked if they had bbq sauce for her fries she was told, "no but i can make some for you!" How can you not love that? I cannot wait to go back to taste again and try the rest of the menu!
<review# 550,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/8/2011,8/19/2011,162,304,5,5,6>I gotta say, I hate beer and I was dragged on this tour twice now, but my friends enjoy it so much I just can't give it a low rating.This is a really nice local brewery and very laid-back, perfect for tourists to StL. Big plus that they provide closed-toed shoes since you need them to go on the tour and in the summer, I got nothing but flippie floppies!The tour is very informative and not too painful, and they give plenty of free samples. I never take any of them but on this particular trip I tried the raspberry hefeweizen and FINALLY discovered a beer I enjoy!My friends liked it so much they sat at the bar after and bought a whole 'nother sampler. I'm glad :)As for me, I actually went and purchased a six-pack of the raspberry hefeweizen and got through about half of one before I got sick of it so thank you, Schlafly, for bringing me this far.
<review# 551,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/6/2008,1/17/2009,33,66,12,4,5>I don't usually move this quickly on a first date, but the first time I met pappy's pulled pork sandwich, I proposed to it.  I want it in my life every day.  my heart probably can't take it, but I was a little angry at my (human, non-meat) boyfriend that he lived in st. louis for SO LONG and hadn't taken us there sooner.  The sweet potato fries are my maid of honor.
<review# 552,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/12/2009,1/16/2009,3,20,3,2,1>When I walked into the Majestic, the first thought that came into mind was that Gordon Ramsay's Kitchen Nightmares would have a field day with this place.First impressions aside, the Majestic offers great hangover breakfast food and a mostly friendly staff who work hard to fill your order and keep the coffee comin'.Second the suggestion to get there early enough for an outside seat, since it certainly beats sitting inside in the dingy restaurant.
<review# 553,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/10/2009,1/15/2009,61,26,3,5,5>I prefer Elicias to Imo's nowadays.WHY?  Imo's has become "too known as St Louis Pizza".What I mean by that is, they have stopped to impress upon the food, and now its about the name, Imo's.Elicia's is Great.I'm pretty sure their crust is fresh, if not its better than the Roma shells all other StL stylers use.The sauce is sweet and hearty.Their cheese is a mix of mozz/prov, but that is better for me, its not as runny and browns atop nicely.Elicias has other food too, sandwiches which are just ok, and the standard appetizer fare.The other thing they do well here is Wings.I am somewhat a Chicken Wang expert, and can say Elicias is in my Top 5 wing spots in St Louis. (list coming soon, add me :)The tub of wings, which must be 4-5 lbs of wings, is only $18 and the mild sauce is awesome.. Order them "Crispy" for a bit extra crunch.Elicias is my 1st choice for ordering Pizza nowadays, and is always fast.NOT to mention, on weekends, they are open until 2 or 3am!Overall;4/5 on food (its as good as delivery gets for me)4/5 on service, fast & friendly.3/5 on Phone service, sometimes they are rude.Ordering Tip: they have a $5 off Web Coupon on their website, for all orders over $25, just mention it.  They dont require the coupon @ the door.
<review# 554,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,1/3/2009,1/13/2009,68,28,3,7,4>This is our go-to restaurant for special occasions:  birthdays, anniversaries, etc.  It's probably our favorite place to go in all of the city, and there are usually only two things I will order--the prime rib or the barley paella.  But we might need to find another place.We had a god awful experience there last night.  We are accustomed to being greeted with a friendly smile and warm hospitality, but not tonight.  The hostess was gruff and rude, and downright frightening.  After an hour of waiting for our table (no biggie, it was a busy night) she rushed us out of the bar telling us to sit only 4 of our 8 because our full table wasn't ready yet.  Strange--why we couldn't wait a bit to seat us all was beyond me.  Then she rearranged us-- 3 on one side, 4 on the other, and 1 of us was hanging off on the end of the table.  It would have been acceptable if she asked us if we were okay with the odd arrangement, but apparently our comfort was unimportant.  "You move here, you move here, okay."The entire meal we were rushed through everything--ordering and eating.  My barley paella was almost inedible; it was as if they poured an entire bottle of wine into one serving.  Our server NEVER checked in with us.  Finally at the end of the meal, I wanted some coffee and a good old blaster pie, but we were served with our check instead.  We were even rushed into paying our check.  After our frustrated friend and her family left, we were told to condense into a table for 4 and they split up our table.  They couldn't wait to get us out of there!After waiting tables for years, I am completely understanding of the stress of a hectic night.  I understand mistakes, I understand frustration, but I do not understand rudeness.  You should never feel as if your table is an inconvenience to a restaurant's turnover.  I have always had a great time at Iron Barley, but last night was so unacceptable that it's going to take a lot of convincing to get me back there.
<review# 555,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/2/2009,1/12/2009,73,268,7,6,5>Yum....pie! Tons of pie! Well, at least on the less busy days. Every flavor of pie I have ordered from The Pie Pantry has been good. My favorite is the banana cream pie, while my mom prefers the apple crumb. Really, though, you can't go wrong here. It's pie. But minus one star for having green key lime pie...anyone from the great state of FL will tell you that green key lime pie is a sin of the highest order.They also have a great chicken salad sandwich...two kinds even! One is more tropical, containing pineapple, and the other is traditional with some almonds thrown in. Both are served on cinnamon rasin bread. If you don't like rasins, they will change the bread. Expect a disapproving look, though. The women running the establishment are opinionated and will let you know if they do not approve of your choices.
<review# 556,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/9/2009,1/11/2009,15,18,3,4,4>My family has always gotten my birthday cakes from McArthur's. There cakes are wonderful, whether you get them plain or with a delicious filling they are a must try, and priced reasonably. But and this is the most important part you have to the try the Creme Horns they are amazing. These aren't the teeny tiny horns you can get at Schnucks or other local grocery stores. These babies are HUGE, and soft, and the creme is omg. I could live without the sprinkles on the top, but other then that they are fantastic.
<review# 557,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/6/2009,1/10/2009,110,87,3,3,3>What else could you ask for in a great dive bar?  Cheap beer (all in cans makes it that much better), coozys all over the wall for you to borrow if you don't buy your own, Sega Genesis with almost every greatest game ever made, and absolutely awesome grilled cheese.  There is something to being able to sit in a bar, play video games, and spend about 10-15 bucks.  It's like college all over again, but without the shitty smell that no one can find but know it's coming from your roommates room.  This is a must go to if you are looking for a simple night and don't want to get caught buying a case of Natty Light.  Everyone there is drinking cheap beer with you.
<review# 558,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/13/2008,1/9/2009,70,84,2,2,3>All through senior year, people would ask what I was going to miss the most from St. Louis when I packed up and moved to Boston (or Melbourne as it turned out for first semester). I gave the cheesy answers of friends, family, and just the familiarity with the city. Then I realized I wouldn't have Ted Drewes, or any other of my favorite hang outs. I returned home from aboard three weeks ago and just didn't have the chance to get down to Ted Drewes until today. It was just like how I left it, with the addition of the holiday specials. As many before have said, the possibilities are endless. One thing I didn't pick up in the first few reviews, is that no one mentioned how cheap it is! for the amount of ice cream you get, so here's the scoop. A mini (their small, which it's not - I rarely finish a mini) is 2.10! Then their regular at just over 3, which is at least 12 or 16oz. Then the large comes in at 4.20 (I think), and its bigger than a Venti coffee from Starbucks.  Now why was I eating ice cream with my family in the middle of December? Because we also got the Hanukkah Bush / Christmas Tree today silly. Yes. All through December, Ted Drewes is home to the absolute best trees and wreaths. The trees range in price from 50 to 200 depending on the breed and footage, but they are worth it. Living in U. City, we have many other options, and without I-64/40 getting to Ted Drewes this year was not easy, but would weren't going to back down on our favorite trees and icecream. In the holiday months, I opt for the Great Pumpkin - which is literally a pie of pumpkin pie blended into their vanilla custard with whipped cream. It's AMAZING. In the summer, friends and I pile into one car (usually my SUV) and head on down to eat icecream in the true STL fashion: sitting in the trunk of my car. In those times, I get a simple chocolate chip concrete. Friends get the Hawaiian, or Reeses and strawberry, or cookie dough, or pineapple, ect.
<review# 559,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,1/3/2009,1/8/2009,4,9,4,4,4>I'm no fan of Chinese food. I didn't grow up eating it, and when I finally tried it, I found satisfaction in only one dish consisting of chicken, fried rice, and a magical sauce. That delicious menu item was hunan chicken. I've been to Chinese Express 3 times now. It's pretty good, not great. Note this fact: I didn't even know its name was Chinese Express until writing this review. To be fair, all I know from their menu is the hunan chicken. While not the variation of hunan chicken I grew up with (this is much spicier and is fried), it's tasty enough for me to have had it 3 times. The dinner meal is like $6, so that's cool. The meal consists of the main dish, 2 crab rangoon (very good), fried rice, and soup. I'm a little disgusted with myself that I've taken the egg drop soup down my throat 3 times, but what can I say; I was hungry. They don't deliver, which is a bummer. Also, now that 40/64 is shut down in the area, the street to get into/out of the parking lot is ridiculously busy with traffic, making driving/pick-ups a hassle. Will I go back? Probably, though not until my refrigerator runs out of food.
<review# 560,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/5/2008,1/7/2009,31,198,5,8,9>More people need to know about Black Bear Bakery's all you can eat pancake breakfasts on Saturdays!  It's so good and a much better deal than, say, getting brunch at Mokabe's on Sunday.  The selection is not endless, but you can get some great pancakes (vegan or non), fresh fruit, coffee, and whatever other yummy things they put out.  The toppings for the pancakes (made with fresh berries) might be the best part.  If you're hungry and feeling charitable, the 2nd Saturday of the month is the time to get your pancakes.  Those sales benefit KDHX.  On the other days of the week, you can get numerous baked goods and coffee, so if you can't make it on a Saturday, still stop in the store on Cherokee.  If you're at Soulard Market on the weekends, you can grab a loaf of  bread from them there.
<review# 561,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/4/2010,3/30/2010,68,131,5,17,9>I'm ashamed that being a Dogtown resident, I had not made it to Latitude 26 until this past weekend. And double shame on me for missing out on this food until now! I've said it before in other reviews. I LOVE Mexican food. Adore it. Tex-Mex- I'm a little iffy. However, Latitude 26 did not disappoint. I need to make a serious point before we jump into anything else: THE CHIPS. GOOD LORD IN HEAVEN THE CHIPS. They are phenomenal and I could go back here just for them if nothing else. Now then....I also enjoyed the salsa. Good and chunky, a little spicy but not too much to cover the great flavor. I had the top shelf margarita on the rocks, and I'm happy to say it did not include sweet and sour mix! Yay! A real margarita! You should try it sometime. :) The queso was also a nice blend of creamy cheese and spice. Very good! I was so full from my basket of chips, queso, salsa and margarita by the time my entree arrived. I had the veggie chimi and loved it as well. It includes a nice amount of spinach, which i love, mushrooms and cheese with black beans and rice on the side. Delish! I took half of it home and I'm happy to say it does reheat well in the oven! You can tell Latitude 26 uses fresh, real ingredients and not prepackaged, processed and preservative-filled yuck. I'm so happy to have great Mexican close to home!
<review# 562,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/1/2010,3/29/2010,24,37,4,8,3>The first time you come here as a parent is a little bit overwhelming. There are kids in every nook and cranny and you will find yourself tripping over one or two if you aren't super careful.Of course, this is what the magic house is all about. There are beanstalks and pizza parlors and woozles and snarflunks, oh, and.... government offices?Whatever it is your kid is into, it's there at the magic house. Although the place is quite expensive to get into it's worth a trip for sure.
<review# 563,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/24/2010,3/28/2010,63,198,1,5,6>LOVE Pueblo Solis. The chips, salsa options, guac, tostada, the margs - Totally delish. And let's not forget the most important detail: Stop at Ted Drewes while you're in the 'hood. I may gain a few pounds each visit, but life.is.good.
<review# 564,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/17/2010,3/27/2010,110,674,2,8,3>Awesome place.  Very cool.  Loved the paintings & glass art near the entrance.  The interior has an industrial feel.  I'm really impressed with the artwork, some of which I love.  I like the fact that they have demonstrations of how they make things.
<review# 565,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/28/2010,3/26/2010,90,156,7,4,4>Drinks can be extremely pricey. I like how they charge no cover for over 21 crowd, but you definitely pay for it with drink costs.Though I'm straight and this is a gay bar, I've spent numerous a drunken nights dancing with the transvestites, some of which who look better than me, an authentic woman... and drinking with my girlfriends and gay friends and dancing the night away.Drinker beware....they have a cage on the stage - and once you've had a few, you find it extremely appealing.
<review# 566,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/22/2010,3/25/2010,275,429,8,11,8>Every time we make it back to STL after the long drive from Chicago (made much, much longer with the addition of a bambino), Justin has an insatiable craving for Mandarin House's beef noodle soup.  And every time we go, he kicks himself for eating the entire ginormous bowl.  This from a guy who has pretty unbelievable self-control (I mean, he passes up dessert when he's full?  What the??)--must mean that soup is phe.nom.en.al.  I generally stick with what I love best--the firecracker green beans, Wu Xi pork chops, on choy in garlic sauce, velvety eggplant in garlic sauce and my new favorite, the salted fish and diced chicken fried rice.  I find the servers' looks of surprise and questions, "Have you had that before?  Are you sure?" endearing whenever we order something denoted as "Chinese Style" on the menu.  Yup.  White girls like salted fish, too. :)And, as if Mandarin House needed anything else for its 5-star rating, as a new mom, I'm very pleased to say they have a clean bathroom with a very nice changing table.  My son thanks you.
<review# 567,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/26/2010,3/24/2010,456,314,1,5,3>I have been to YB 5 or 6 times since the place opened.  The place just cannot disappoint me.  If you have ever had the Feijoada de Ogum anywhere else and have not tried it here you are missing out of the best Feijoada in the country.  I had a shrimp and coconut milk rice.  It is another world.  Lemya and her staff are always on their game.  Lemya keep up the good work.
<review# 568,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/21/2010,3/23/2010,158,287,3,4,3>I love Straub's.  I work within a 5 minute drive of the Straub's in Clayton and I always end up there for lunch.  I don't actually eat there, but I end up taking something yummy out and enjoying a nice, healthy lunch at my office. I think that Straub's has a GREAT selection of fresh produce- a little pricey, but definitely worth it.  Everything they carry is fresh, and always tasting and looking ripe. Straub's also has an incredible selection of "healthy" chips, breads, donuts and delicious cakes/brownies. I usually end up spending more then I told myself I would when I walk in there.The meat selection is great and the chicken salad at Straub's is infamous for being superb.  Indeed, it is great.I usually go for the prepared sushi at Straub's when I want something fast, lite, and on the go. It's great.  They have great options and always something to satisfy my taste buds.Straub's. YUM...a little over priced...but yum!
<review# 569,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/26/2010,3/22/2010,25,45,10,7,5>FAT KID ALERT -- There is an eating establishment in town that serves beignets.  BEIGNETS, KIDS! -- END ALERTWhew, got that one out of the way.  Now, since all the fat kids in town are already in the car making a blistering pace to West Pine in whatever state of dress they were in when they saw that, I'll talk to the rest of you skinny minnys.Cafe Ventana is a great little haunt near the SLU campus that is part coffee house, part bar, part deli, part New Orleans heaven.  The ambiance of this place is perfect and great for a relaxing cup of cocoa or hot sandwich.  The comfy seating is a little limited, so you may have a tough time finding space.  The decor is soothing, comforting, and really interesting.  A lot of the items are unique and come from some very special places.  Ask about them.The menu is diverse and fun with a definite New Orleans flair.  I've tried most of the entrees, which are mostly sandwiches, and I've loved them all.  A special favorite is the salmon club - so good.  The fruit and cheese plate is quite yummy, too, and the Cuban wrap is delish.  The drinks are fantastic, too, and everyone should try a Pimms Cup or Bloody Mary.  And, the hot cocoa?  Yeah, it's real, baby.  GET IT!Then...there are the beignets.  I mean, this is reason enough to stop and salivate all over the floor.  These little suckers are hot, fluffy, delicious, and, I'm almost certain, low calorie.  (Whatever.)  If hot donuts aren't your gig, try any of the roating pastries, cookies, or cakes.  All are good.  (Side note: Skip the chocolate beignets.  I mean, there is no need.)I've seen comments about the prices, and that is why it loses a star for me.  Yes, it is a bit pricey.  A sandwich is gonna run you about 10 bucks which stinks.  But, these sandwiches are worth it as is the rest of the menu.  I wouldn't suggest eating here daily, but for the quality and the preparation, it is worth it.  I only hit it up once in a while because of it.I would like to go on and on, but the line of fat kids at this place is going to get longer and longer, so I gotta get going.  So...bye.  See you there.
<review# 570,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/14/2009,3/21/2010,44,18,5,4,5>How the hell do you describe City Museum? If you haven't been there and you're looking for what type of experience you might have do not continue reading this. None of the following will make sense. I've tried to explain what it is when Chicago friends come to town. I usually just end up sputtering a series of umms and ahhs. And then I say something along the lines of, "Well, it's not really a museum in the traditional sense..." Undeterred, they usually stare at me for more info and that's when I just leave it at, "There's a big slide."And there is! It's gigantic, but I'm getting ahead of myself. What you need to know about City Museum is that it's like a gigantic unguarded playground of weirdness. You pay the ten bucks to get in and then you pretty much have the run of the place. What you have a run of is a bit harder to describe. It's like being dropped into a real-life cartoon. And you know how what happens in cartoons would hurt in real life? Yeah, there's that danger there. And maybe that's what makes it so fun. Kids are allowed to run free and many of the nooks and crannies only a 8 year old could fit into, but it's certainly not for kids. I will say you do have to be fairly athletic and retain some childlike imagination to have fun. You definitely can (and probably will) get hurt. But isn't exploring a cartoon world worth it?Excuse the cartoon references because I would guess that's a little misleading. There are parts of this place that are very industrial. Specifically the gigantic spiral slide. This building is at least 10 stories tall and in the middle of it is a gigantic open space with dozens of these steel twisty slides and stairs. At first glance none of it makes sense but it can't be any more impressive as your eyes follow them skyward. This building originally was a shoe factory in the early 20 century but I'm not completely sure these were used for manufacturing. They certainly look original... Either way they are perfect for sliding. If you can climb all the way to the top ( I run and it's a little bit tough) you can take one of those spiral slides all the way back down to the bottom. It's quite a ride but keep your hands and feet close to you. I bruised my knee up nicely the first time. Then I went again.The outside is even crazier. There's a whole industrial playground to explore that includes a castle of some sort, old airplanes, and wait for it... a Chucky Cheese style ball pit... for adults! Add a giant blow-up moonwalk and I could finally realize my dream of being a 9 year old for the rest of my life. I choose 9 because that was how old I was when I could ride my bike as far as I wanted. That way my adult 9 year old self would still be able to go to the grocery store and such.There is so much more to this place but continuing would just confuse you more. Plus, it'll be much more fun as a surprise. Keep in mind some of what I described may change. I've been there a few times now and it seems they are always closing parts and reopening new interactive "exhibits." One of the most fun times I've had there was on a Friday "Flashlight Night." You walk in, get your ticket, and they hand you a flashlight. Go at it. This is obviously meant for teens/adults. First of all, it's open till 1:00 AM and second there is a full bar open inside. Yes, you can get drunk, skip the buffoonery, and get straight to the injuring yourself at the City Museum. As you would suspect the bar itself is different. It's a transplanted cabin of Daniel Boone's son. They even have live music. Last time I was there it was of the Bluegrass variety which is, in my book, awesome. If you haven't seen my book it's generally just a list of things with equal signs that lead to the word awesome. Here's an excerpt:The German word for rabbit is "Hassenpfeffer" = Awesome!I've sold 2 copies. One to my Mom and the second I bought as a birthday gift to my dog, Oscar. Anyway, this post has gone decidedly off topic. Let me leave you with this... If you want to see some craziness, go to City Museum. I can't imagine you'll be disappointed unless you hate seeing things that make you think, "I can't believe they are getting away with this." If I were to declare something a St Louis treasure, so far, this is it.(As first reviewed on Archobserver.com)
<review# 571,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/4/2011,12/10/2011,119,513,,4,4>We really like this place!  Location and parking are convenient, and service has been very friendly.  They have a couple trivia nights and daily drink and food specials.The bar is seriously stocked!!!  Ciders (apple and pear), wine, beers on draft, craft and other bottled beers, and a wide array of spirits.  They even have UV Cake vodka, which tastes like angel food cake straight up for about $4.50/shot.  The drink menu has a wide variety of martinis.  I believe they are 10oz, which I'm told is large for a martini ($13).The Big Ass Fish (as it is named on the menu) is a big ass fish!  My co-diners had the fish and chip special one day, and the fish was slightly longer than the plate.  I had the Chicken Caesar wrap, which actually has croutons in it, which was different, but they worked just fine.  All dishes came with fries, which remind me of Penn Station fresh cut fries - pretty tasty.So i went back for dinner a couple days later and had the meatloaf.  They may as well have named this the Big Ass Meatloaf, because this was a meal for 2.  It's actually grandma's recipe and came with a tasty gravy.  For moisture and added flavor, I would recommend they add a little more gravy or at least put some on the side.We look forward to coming back and trying more items from the bar and the menu.  Both menus carry a pretty decent variety.
<review# 572,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/20/2011,12/9/2011,396,634,3,6,7>Decided to check this place out last weekend with the BF.It's a smallish cafe that gave me Black Bear Bakery vibes when I walked inside. It seems kind of "hip" for no apparent reason. It's nestled on the corner of Taylor and Arco over by the Grove. I heard from many a Yelp review that this place had stellar Wild Blueberry Pancakes so that's what I ordered. I also got a mimosa which was probably a mistake because it wasn't super delicious or anything and it ended up making our bill be like $25something for just breakfast. I need to learn to stay away from the booze, bwhaha. Sean got the plain pancakes. He was disappointed that there was no French Toast at this place. Oddly enough they had Eggs Benedict as a special that day and I had been SEVERELY CRAVING them just one day prior but ended up getting my fix (sort of) at First Watch. So I was kinda bummed because otherwise I would have ordered the benedict in a heartbeat especially because the guy working the counter said they bring in a special chef to make them including homemade Hollandaise sauce...none of that powdered mix stuff! :)Anyhoo. We opted to sit outside because it was a freak 70 degree day in November. Yeah WTF St. Louis?! Oh well I'm not complaining, lol. We were greeted by a cute little fuzzy bee. He wanted to eat everyone's syrup and that pissed some people off and they ended up relocating indoors. But we just kind of sat there and the bee landed on Sean's plate and chilled out while eating syrup off his knife all upside-down like. It was actually quite comical. We had a good laugh at the bee getting drunk off of La Dolce's tasty syrup. I am pretty sure it wasn't "real" maple syrup but it was still yummy, if memory serves me...I'd definitely come back here. It wasn't overly packed like certain other brunch/breakfast spots *cough* Half and Half *COUGH* .... and the food was pretty good. Seemed a little expensive to me, though, but could have been due to my hankering for pre-noon alcoholism. Hrrrm. Next time I want to try something else with BERRIES in it hehehe. The ingredients here are verrry fresh!! Recommended place if you're looking for a new brunch spot to try and you don't want to fight crowds of yuppies/hipsters in Clayton. :D
<review# 573,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/25/2011,12/8/2011,220,464,8,7,7>For people that are unsure of trying new styles of food I would suggest trying Saffron. I admit I am not the expert on Indian food. I have mostly had this cuisine at buffets (including one from a family gathering from the owners of Kaos on Washington Ave back in the day). I did my usual (ordered house or chef special) "CHEF SIGNATURE BIRYANI $ 13.95 Combination of Chicken, Lamb and Vegetables cooked traditionally with Saffron flavored Basmati Rice" This dish could be described as equivalent to Chinese fried rice with actual pieces of meat. Yes it is slightly different, but after a few bites I think most people will really enjoy the dish. The waiter asked what level of seasoning I wanted on the meal & I said "4", but I would suggest starting low 1-2 for the people trying Indian food for the first time. The heat was about perfect, if I had not tried Erin G's "5" vindaloo.... any Red Dwarf fans? en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Re… The amount of food given was could feed 2 of me or maybe 6 FDA approved sized portions. The dish & rice is served in a community bowl with a separate plate given me. The natural way of dinner meals served in Asian cultures is still family style. I also ordered the veggie appetizer and liked the samosa very well and the 3 sauces added good flavor to the rest. I stole some Naan from Allison B and it was very tasty- sorry it was put in front of me. Taj Mahal beer was good and started a question about how big it was. Being a Jefferson County boy, I described the 22 oz as "a tall boy, but in a bottle"...  so yes even Hoosiers can enjoy this place & International Supper Club.
<review# 574,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/14/2011,12/6/2011,59,177,20,6,4>Damn their flimsy boxes. Damn them straight to hell. I have a moral obligation to up Feraro's to 5 stars. You know why? Because I went and picked up a pizza last night with my 18 month old son. Since I was carrying my son and the pizza had just come out of the oven, the friendly guy working there insisted on bringing the pizza out to my car because he said the bottom was hot and I would get burned. How lovely! So we drive home and the pizza smells wonderful. I get home and am trying to juggle the pizza and my son through the gate and.....FAWK!! Half the pizza slides out of the flimsy box onto the ground. You know how you know a pizza is good? If losing half of it makes a person HOWL. I howled. I howled like no one has ever howled before. Werewolves everywhere ran into the nearest churches for sanctuary. Banshees checked on the well-being of their own loved ones. I walked inside, defeated. The 5 second rule simply cannot apply when it falls on the ground outside where my dogs poop. So, yeah. 5 stars. Still, damn their flimsy boxes to hell.
<review# 575,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/27/2011,12/5/2011,55,255,6,7,6>Izakaya, as others have noted, is a Japanese drinking establishment that also serves small plates of food in a casual atmosphere.  I know this because I read it on Wikipedia.  Ren apparently means love.  I know this because I read it on Sauce Magazine.Anyway.  Izakaya Ren combines small Japanese dishes with sushi and tempura and a few other items that may or may not be served at traditional Izakayas.  Another reviewer or two seemed to indicate that this place is not entirely authentic in what it serves, but I'll give it a little leeway since it's in St. Louis.Our table of four ordered an obscene amount of food, including skewers, sushi, tempura, gyoza, some other kind of dumpling, mochi, and maybe some other things that i don't remember.All of it was pretty good.  The one downside was a wasabi-pork dumpling of some sort that I really didn't care for because it was a little heavy on the wasabi... but maybe it was supposed to be that way.  I don't know.  Everything else we ordered was enjoyed by all.  At least, I think it was.  It's been awhile since I went here.Service was pretty horrid, but I'm willing to wave it off because it was our waitress' first night if I recall correctly.  Can't really blame her for that!  On the other hand, items didn't come out all at once -- they sort of came out as the kitchen staff finished them.  I'm not entirely sure if that was intentional or not.
<review# 576,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/3/2011,12/4/2011,42,129,,6,3>Hit up LBB for an afternoon snack stop the other day.  Best idea ever!  I an assortment to try, because - believe it or not - I'd only ever gotten lunch there, and nothing sweet.  Craziness, I know!  I got a raspberry meringue, an assortment of French almond macarons, a madeleine and a chocolate-dipped madeleine. Let me start by saying that the chocolate-dipped madeleine may have changed my life a little.  I have been craving them ever since!  The cookie is so deliciously light and fluffy, with just the tiniest hint of almond flavoring.  The chocolate creates a wonderful soft shell around the cookie, and I have to tell you, it's just bliss.The raspberry meringue was very tasty.  It was like cotton candy for the discriminating palate!  It still has a whimsical, sweet puffiness about it, but it's not sickeningly sweet.  The flavor is truer.  The macarons were fantastic as well.  Very nice subtle almond flavor and just a little bit of crunch.If you're looking for some delightful French confections, this is the place to get them!
<review# 577,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/18/2011,12/3/2011,75,425,2,9,5>I had no idea this little bitty place existed! My world has been changed. First I have to remind you that I'm a central Texas girl so my view on Mexican food has a Tex-Mex flare (meaning I expect everything to have more cheese). For Mexican (Texas, Ca or otherwise) this place was yummy! and authentic! I got to catch up on my Spanish soaps. Started with some sopas and guac. Sopas were much larger than I expected and was told, but good. Crispy with a good ratio of meat to fixings. The pork was far better than the chicken. Then on to steak Alambre. Drenched in cheese with the perfect blend of spice and seasoning. I'm drooling again. The white corn tortillas were delicate and didn't have that dreaded brick to the stomach feel. No frills authentic Mexican.
<review# 578,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/18/2011,12/2/2011,102,159,2,6,5>If you love amazing views on a balmy night, Cielo is for you. The rooftop is insane with comfy cozy chairs, high tops for dining and a nice cement ledge that goes around the perimeter that doubles as seating if you are so inclined. What's also insane are the drink prices. A decent beer will set you back about $8!!!! So come prepared to spend some skrilla. The food is pretty good. I had the Margherita and the Lorenzo pizzas and they were divine. I also noshed on the mozeralla balls. Can't complain about those. The service was good but the wait time to get a drink at the indoor bar was ridiculous. The bartendars tried to pretend like they didn't notice you but I was persistent! Cielo is definitely a splurge place in my book. Then again, I like dive bars with $2 drafts so yes, I had sticker shock. Worth it in the end.
<review# 579,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/18/2011,12/1/2011,154,611,3,14,9>Appliances are one of those things that people tend to buy at big box stores, like Sears, Lowe's or Best Buy. It's easy to go to any of those places and forget about the local appliance places. Lemcke is an established business that sells appliances in Webster Groves. I grew up on the street it is on, and it's been there for as long as I can remember. So when my hubby and I bought a house almost two years ago and needed to buy some appliances, my mom suggested that we look here. I am totally up for supporting local business, especially in my hometown (and current town), so I went there to look. At the time, I was looking for a fridge and washer dryer. I had done some research on what I wanted before I went, and when I was there, got personal attention and lots of explanations on my different options. I didn't buy right away, as I wanted to do more research, and I didn't feel pressured to do buy on the spot either. I ended up finding a killer deal on a fridge elsewhere, but bought my washer dryer here. They carry a lot of GE appliances, and I had done a lot of research on the Amana brand, which is part of GE. Consumer Reports recommended a set of Amana. I bought them and set up delivery easily. They delivered right when they said they would. The guys who delivered  and set them up were great. They had A LOT of experience setting up  and had been at it for many years. I felt comfortable with them doing it. They were also very friendly.Fast forward to last week. I wanted to buy a chest freezer and did some research on what I wanted and what it cost. I walked into Lemcke and asked about it and got it at the price I was expecting to pay. I'd  much rather that money go into my local economy, so I was pumped. We picked it up because it wasn't that big or heavy and didn't need professionals setting it up. They had to order it and it came in the next day. When we set it up, we noticed after a day that it wasn't cold. We called Lemcke and they had a technician out to look at it within 2 hours. It was dead on arrival - not their fault, GE's fault. GE replaced it for us. When they brought it, they wouldn't take the dead one! I called Lemcke and they came to pick it up the nexy day, no problem.The showroom is pretty small and doesn't have every product they carry but you can get anything. This is their living. The people who work here REALLY know their stuff, unlike everyone at the big box stores. I'll always go here first when we need new appliances!
<review# 580,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/21/2011,11/30/2011,156,121,,9,7>When I get to a new city, I really like to find bars that I can fall in love with as soon as possible. I feel like the Heavy Anchor might be that bar.Now I love the dive-yest of dive bars, but this place is more than that.The place is super open and even has its own theater area where they show double features on Wednesday nights (FREE POPCORN).The beer selection is really nice, and reasonably priced. Oh, what's this, Anchor Steam for 3 bucks? Yes please!  I really am not on the east coast anymore, I need to remember that. They also have Trivia on Tuesday nights at 9pm, which I'm a sucker for.Also! Pizza!!!!! Vegan(?) and Vegetarian options as well. We had the Annie Oakley one which had chorizo and corn and something else on it, it was really awesome.Basically when it comes down to it, I'm going to go here all the time.
<review# 581,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/25/2008,9/24/2008,23,56,3,6,6>I am so amazed no one has reviewed Swifty's yet! Their milkshakes and malts are to die for especially on a hot, humid summer day.  Today I had my favorite, chocolate banana. The combination is just so delicious. Flavorful chunks of banana blended with rich chocolate - you can't go wrong. They've got the usual diner fare: sandwiches, salads, soups and burgers.  A colleague of mine orders the white chicken chili religiously even if it's 90 degrees outside.  Another swears by their fried chicken Cesar salad.  I am a personal fan of the chicken fingers and fries.  Their fries are freshly made and seasoned to perfection.  Oh, did I mention they have free delivery? Yum.
<review# 582,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/22/2008,9/23/2008,6,36,,4,3>The food is great.  The kid's french toast puffs are the yummiest thing on the menu!  Why don't they have an adult version of this?  Oh, and they make their own guacamole---delicious!  The service is less than great.  We've waited a loooooonnnnnnnggggg time for our breakfast when there were 5 other people in there.  Oh and the waitresses don't go out of their way to be friendly, happy, or anything else courteous.  Good thing I don't let grumpy people keep me from eating (or I'm sure I'd be emaciated by now)!  I go here a lot since it's like 2 miles from my house, so I can say I've tried a lot on their menu and none of it has tasted bad.  The owner comes out and talks to you and that's a plus too.  At least he cares.It's more expensive than First Watch, but it's not a chain.
<review# 583,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/26/2008,9/22/2008,74,20,2,5,5>I've visited the Atomic Cowboy a handful of times with friends primarily to socialize only but just had dinner there for the first time this past Saturday.  I arrived around 8:30 to eat and watch a band, which I hate to say that I cannot remember the name of now.  I think it was Roley Moley or something like that?  Anyhow, I was with 4 or 5 friends eating, talking, having a good time so the music was just for background at that point.. but when there was a pause in conversation or we were all furiously chewing (eating later makes for a verocious appetite:), I did notice the music was pretty good.  Kind of reminded me of a jazzy lounge-type music... not sure what you would label it.. but my friend said good dinner music..hahaSo.. onto the waitress.. we started with one, ended with a different one but it was no big deal because they were quick and efficient with their switch-over.  I ordered the shrimp quesadilla and it was absolutely excellent!  Perfect amount of melted cheese, roasted vegetables and the quesadilla wasn't too done, but not too soft either.  The only thing they could improve on is the salsa... it reminded me of that Old El Paso salsa you buy at Schnucks.. kind of bland, nothing too exciting.  The price was about right.. somewhere around $8 which was fine with me.  I had a Sprite so I cannot comment on the drinks, sorry:)Being an artist, the vibe was very 'artsy' in my opinion.  Super laid back.. like if I walked in there in my bra and a tutu, it's be all good.. they would probably let me stay.  Some pretty cool art work hanging on the walls, the staff is your typical skinny jean wearing, punked out hair, lots of black clothing with piercings type.. all in all, I like the cowboy and for not being an authentic Mexican restaurant.. they have one of the best damn quesadillas I"ve had in awhile.. and I have ordered many a quesadilla in my day.
<review# 584,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/31/2008,9/21/2008,4,14,2,4,2>I go here about once a month. Had all you can eat rib tips, pulled pork, add 2 chicken wings, add 2 ribs, and half slab of ribs.All you can eat rib tips which I think they do on Mondays were fatty and appeared to be a way to get rid of the waste of selling ribs. Chicken wings were nothing special. The half slab of ribs said their would be 6 ribs on the menu, but it was more like 4 ribs and leftover fatty meat on the end.Why do they get 4 stars? Three reasons: 1. pulled pork is good, and much more jen-you-wine than a chain like Bandannas. 2. the add 2 ribs for $2 is a cheap and good addition to the pork plate. and 3. STL doesn't have much to offer in terms of real BBQ joints.
<review# 585,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/4/2008,9/20/2008,95,715,3,3,3>I only wish I would have eaten these more often. Well, maybe not...I wouldn't want to be 400 lbs or anything.Cheesecake Factory has nothing on Hank's.
<review# 586,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/18/2008,9/18/2008,551,597,2,2,2>Oh. My. Goodness. Holy Breakfast Omelette Sandwich... fresh spinach, egg whites, homemade pesto sauce, reduced-fat cheese.  Oatmeal Bar---- real, steel-cut oatmeal. And i think, i might've had the BEST turkey sandwich of my life.  Although... it was pricey.  The desserts are RIDIC!!!! They have these new cookie sandwich thingies...  That are like double chocolate cookies and between them... Peanut Butter Cream. SERIOUSLY???? Oh, and the coffee is SUPERB.... SO yes--- pricey on certain items. But YUMMMMMMERS!
<review# 587,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/9/2008,9/17/2008,8,2,,4,3>This place just opened April 7th 2008 so They're only in their 3rd day of business when I went. I got the loaded cheesesteak and it was the best cheesesteak I've had in a long time. Lots of meat, cheesy and messy, just the way it should be, with a little bit of kick from some banana peppers. I also got the onion strings as a side which were great, fresh and crispy. I was worried they'd be a little stringy and tough as small peices of onion like that can sometimes be but I was pleasantly surprised. The batter on them is also very good, has a little spice to it so I didn't want or need any dipping sauces.Their menu has a good variety to it with plenty of meat loving sandwiches and a few vegetarian sandwiches that sounded more creative and interesting than the usual otherwise free sandwich toppings and more cheese. There even is a salmon sandwich and a selection of salads that you can add meats or tofu to.The interior is a bit sparse but clean and comfortable, a row of booths across one wall and a few tables. I'm going with 4 stars for now until I try a few more of the menu items, but I can see upping it to a full 5 soon. Pricing was decent, it's not the cheapest lunch, but I did spend about $9, around the same amount as I normally would at a Subway or Jimmy Johns and the food was much higher quality. I'm writing this review in hopes others will give this place a try and we can keep this place in business. So check it out!Edit: I've gone back again for lunch, they've added free wi-fi and flat screen tv, got the pepper blue steak sandwich, also very good. Given it the full 5 stars now. They also now list that they deliver! their delivery range is from Kingshighway to Tucker, Delmar to I-64/40. Cheeseteaks brought to you, you can't beat that!
<review# 588,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/11/2008,9/16/2008,7,14,5,5,4>Man, I loves me some Riley's. Add another TV in the back room and I'd be giving you five stars. This is my absolute favorite bar on the South side, good deals and great atmosphere. The place is real cozy and the marble tables are such a nice touch that you just don't get anywhere else. The staff is pretty small and before long, recognize all the regulars that come through. The bar is well stocked and the crowd is always friendly and interested in the ubiquitous baseball games. This is one of the few bars in the city where I have never had a problem with anyone and I've gone here at least 3 or 4 times a month since I've moved here.If you want darts or Silver Strike or Megatouch, they have it, although probably not the best place in town to play, at least they have proper dartboards and not the soft tip nonsense. Rarely are people actually playing so it might not be a bad place to go if you're trying to practice or are learning the game.Also, St. Louis style pizza is simply broken, but it's as good as it will ever get here, and they have large pizzas for $4.50 on Monday and Tuesday. These are deathly slow nights most places, but with the cheap pies, Riley's keeps the place fairly active early in the week.The bathrooms are immaculately clean for a bar, so a nice bonus for those of us that are civilized. They threw up a chalkboard in the bathroom next to the toilet and what do you know, NO GRAFITTI in the place! Genius!I can't recommend this place enough, just bring your own crowd. Many nights it's a bit slow although it's definitely starting to catch on. They also do live music quite often and if you can go at a night where the piano guy is playing, it's a nice bonus, very talented and nice gentleman.The only ONLY complaints I have about the place is that they need another TV in the back room and that the jukebox needs some major work. After spending 4 nights a month there for half a year, I've heard every song on the box at least 20 times at this point.
<review# 589,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/25/2008,9/15/2008,4302,1549,5,6,7>Seriously, the Pitted Olive is a major find. What a treasure.We sat on the lovely alfresco patio. However, during the winter months, they enclose it so you may still enjoy. And here's the best part: they provide plush red tartan plaid blankets (on every chair!) to wrap yourself extra toasty out there! Just loved it, especially since I'm perpetually cold.I've had the herb-grilled chicken and goat cheese sandwich twice now. A well-crafted sandwich on the expensive side by St. Louis standards but so amazing. Simple and fresh ingredients coupled with a perfectionist's attention-to-detail makes this little cafe a favorite.
<review# 590,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/3/2008,9/14/2008,68,131,,5,3>I let my fear of trying yoga in front of experienced people hold me back from taking classes for a long time.  I'm so happy I finally went to Urban Breath with a friend.  I'm hooked!  The instructors are so friendly and helpful.  They make you feel comfortable and know it's okay if you cannot do the poses perfectly.  The class schedule is also better than most other studios in the area.  While I have only found one other yoga studio with lower prices, I do wish it was less expensive so I could afford to go every day!
<review# 591,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/15/2008,8/3/2008,13,43,9,6,6>Dr. Guillemette recently treated me for a bout of foot and mouth disease.  Don't confuse it with the ones that goats get...there ain't no hoves on me!  It actually comes from a virus called Coxsackie A.  And if you're a parent you probably already know this itchy, painful, spray of red bump personally or from a friend's kid.  ANYWAY, so my hubbie and I are fairly new to St. Lou and really hadn't had a reason to find a general doctor until now. I called up the ONLY doctor listed in my health insurance "big book" of doctors they recommend...the first thing I hear is a recording..."You've reached the offices of Dr. A, B, C, D, E,  F and G.  For Dr.s A through C's assistant, please dial XX, for Dr.'s D-Q's assistant..."  I just hung up at that point.  The way I see it, if the practice is THAT big and they still have customer service that's that terrible, they probably don't need my business.So the next step is I do just a random google search for doctor, reviews, stl, right?  Get back this one doctor who SEEMS promising.  He's close by which is AWESOME.  So I call.  I get a real live person on the line...SCORE!  Turns out the doctor doesn't have any openings until September.  It's April right now.  By that time I could be dead.  No seriously, I don't know what I have at this point.OK, climbing back out of the melodrama pool.  So.  I'm itching, there's several huge lumps on the side of my neck, I think I'm dying...I'm at my wit's end.  So I email the hubby...and of course, he comes through again and gets a great recommend from one of his coworker's.  So, I call Dr. Guillemette's office and I get a person.  Ok...then I ask the requisite questions:  Are you accepting new patients? Ok, good. Do you accept this health insurance...Okay, almost there.  Do you have any appts soon?  No?  BUT you can transfer me to your sick patient triage nurse might be able to squeeze me in in TWO DAY?!!  (I was about to reach through a hug the lady).  I thanked her and waited as she connected me to the triage nurse's line.  "You've reached the triage nurse, please leave your name..."  F-me!  A voicemail line?  Fine, so I leave the info the voicemail message requested...who I was, my D.O.B. my symptoms.  A little disappointed that I didn't get to speak to a human.  But still glad I at least had an appt for two days from now as opposed to 6 months from now.  Whadda you know? 30 mins later, my phone rings...it's the triage nurse...long story short, she gets me in there the next day.  Halleluya!The office experience was awesome.  Even though they keep these sick patient appointments short,  like 10 mins, that's plenty of time for the doctor to look at my hands and immediately diagnosis me and tell me to stay home till next week because I'm super contagious.  YES!  not going in to work...DARN!  But I feel like crap, that's probably why I can't go in...Oh, so I keep getting side tracked.  So the breakdown, and why this doctor's practice is so revolutionary...and why other doctor's offices haven't done this too is beyond me:  They divide the appts up between accutely sick people and all the other visits.  And it's perfect b/c the sick visits are scheduled in 10 min increments, so they have a chance to see as many of the sickest patients immediately as possible.  And seriously folks, when have you ever spent more than 10 minutes with the doctor on most visits?  Come on.  That's ample time to talk about the color of your sputum.WOW, ok this review's gettin' kinda long.  Time to sign off.Here's the run down:  Dr. Guillemette, awesome.His staff and the front desk office, super efficient and super friendly.The people answering the phones when you call, they're actual people.Bottom line:  If you're looking for a good doc, here's a pretty good one.
<review# 592,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,6/9/2008,8/2/2008,65,65,5,4,4>Tip Top is a newer restaurant that opened in the space where Lagniappe's used to be. Its owned by a crazy (in a good way?) Serbian man named George. I actually met him a few months before the restaurant opened. He was wearing what I've now come to find is his standard daily uniform of dark clothing, gold jewelry and a bandana. When I told him that I've been a magazine editor, and even a food critic for years, he looked me dead in the eye (he's a big guy--it scared me) and said, "I make the best steaks and fried chicken in the city." After a few uncomfortable seconds where I thought he was going to eat my face (he was literally waiting for me to challenge his boast), I promised him that I'd come in to eat once the place opened. Fulfilling that promise I found Tip Top to be... eh. Its definitely a hole in the wall, neighborhood place, but I think George was a bit off his mark in his bragging. The steak I ordered was good, but only because I judge it in relation to its price (around $15). The chicken was seasoned better than any other fried chicken I've had in Saint Louis, but it was way over cooked (friends who have visited since have told me he's remedied that, and that the chicken is awesome). The best part of the meal was that they have a aspiring amateur wine sommelier there that loves to show off (again, in a good way), and once she realized that I knew a little something about wine (I don't, but I'm really good at bullshitting when I smell free booze coming), she quickly drowned me in some free samples. Overall, Tip Top is a decent place. Its exactly the kind of place you want to go when you're too tired/lazy to cook, and too tired/lazy to get dressed up.
<review# 593,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/28/2008,8/1/2008,159,623,10,7,5>Sweet Jesus I think I've just been to the best Deli in St. Louis.Every so often I have to put my nostalgia chasing aside and settle for certain food items and "appreciate them for what they are," like Pizza... I thought I was going to do the same with corned beef... from Kohn's to Pumpernickel's to Carl's... I started to trick myself into enjoying these "pretty good" corned beef sandwiches....I took a bite of my sandwich... and as I chewed I exhaled a couple times (through the nose for the full effect)... and thought... you have got to be kidding me.  I wanted to hoist it above my head and run down the street with maniacal laughter and shout out THANK YOU ST. LOUIS.  I CAN be a snotty bastard about my food and CONTINUE TO BE IMPRESSED.  No longer will I have to say "this place is awesome... for St. Louis."Stuff I tried:Corned beef:  The only reason why this isn't the best I've ever had is probably due to a nostalgia factor.Beef Tongue:  The wife likes this a lot.  It's ok to me.  I'd imagine it's pretty healthy.  Cosby can't be wrong.Whitefish:  It was very fishy.  Wasn't too big on the whiting here.
<review# 594,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/11/2008,7/31/2008,86,133,20,12,11>The pizza is not too bad for St Louis (sorry, I'm a Chicagoian and I'm used to the best) but I order from Maurizio's every time I'm in town mainly for the accompanying sin that can be purchased in addition to their food. If you can believe it, this restaurant delivers cigarettes, 24 packs,750ml bottles of liquor, and condoms. Surprisingly, the markup isn't as high what you'd expect for this type of novelty. After the last Cubs/Cardinals game I attended, I ordered bottle of Jack, a 6 pack of condoms, and breadsticks at 3am just so I could say that I ordered a bottle of Jack, a 6 pack of condoms and breadsticks at 3am. What can I say? I keep it classy.
<review# 595,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/27/2008,7/30/2008,56,371,4,7,5>So, there's a story that the owner is a dick.  From one person.  Uncorroborated.I don't care.  The food was yummy.  They have portobello (well prepared and sliced thinly) as an option for most dishes.  And shark.  This makes the menu much larger for a pescetarian than most mexican places.There's not really anything authentic about a bunch of 30ish white guys running a mexican place, but who cares?  Good prices, good food, great selection.  And a side of controversy for no extra charge.
<review# 596,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/21/2007,7/29/2008,184,189,6,3,11>So my dad and I had this ongoing debate on my last visit...which is more dangerous...North St. Louis, or East Oakland? This is one of those dubious distinction kinds of conversations. Oh, hell!  I'll visit either North St. Louis or East Oakland any day of the week, so there! Can you say crumbling, yet charming?On my way to Crown Candy Kitchen from Downtown St. Louis (City Museum), I got lost, took the wrong exit, turned around, DIDN'T GET SHOT, and landed at the ice cream parlor just fine with my kidlet. We repasted on Midwest-stylie tamales (no corn husks were harmed!) and ate the sundae they served that most resembled Fenton's Black and Tan.  It was easy to park, easy to eat, not overly crowded, and full of the vintage decor other Yelpers have described. I'm still alive, with no gunshot wounds, and still not obese, despite St. Louis's finest efforts.Update October 15, 2007: Rest in Peace, Daddy!  Jerry Lee, born 1942, Rolla MO; died October 12, 2007, St. Louis MO.
<review# 597,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/20/2008,7/28/2008,15,74,11,6,7>Seamus doesn't serve burgers.  It serves huge meaty orgasms on bread.  Unquestionably the very best burgers I've ever had.
<review# 598,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/30/2008,7/27/2008,87,125,6,6,7>Bus ride on Washington ave - 1.50$Breakfast before going to the museum - 4$Museum admission fee - 12$Screaming in my head while sliding down the slides "I feel like a kid again!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! " - pricelessWord of advice: do wear long pants, i got bruises all over my legs because i was stupid enough to wear shorts.
<review# 599,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/28/2008,7/25/2008,275,429,8,12,12>Oh, hell yes.  Pi makes a fine, fine pizza, my friends.  Justin and I made an offer on a house in U. City today (finally!!) and decided to celebrate our almost-homeownership with dinner at Pi.  If inspections go well and we end up with this house, I can see many more dinners at Pi in our future.  If, God forbid, the house falls through--I STILL see more dinners at Pi ahead of us.As soon as we walked in, our friendly server, Drew, seated us at the bistro tables near the full bar in one of their dining rooms (there are two!  It's a bigger place than I anticipated!).  The space is well done--interesting art on the walls (not so sure about the roosters, but to each his/her own), gorgeous wood floors, comfortable tables spaced well enough that you're not on top of your neighbors.  I love the long windows and that there will be outdoor seating available along Delmar during warmer months.  The music selection was fun, ranging from Clap Your Hands Say Yeah to Crowded House to Catherine Wheel to Counting Crows (perhaps they were just on letter "C" on the iPod, who knows--either way, it was cool).  While it got a little loud towards the end of the meal, it was still possible to hold a conversation with Justin and feel comfortable in the space.And the food?  Oh, man.  Good stuff.  We learned from our gorging experience at Katie's that sometimes a little bit of everything is not the best for your belly, so this time we shared a small house salad (that was actually quite large) of field greens, tomatoes, red onions and peppers, gorgonzola cheese and walnuts--very tasty with a housemade vinaigrette.  The pizza was the star, though (as it should be!).  The "Lincoln Park" pizza has a thin cornmeal crust that is deliciously crisp in all the right ways--not paper thin like regular St. Louis-style, not chewy Neapolitan-style, just perfectly crispy and crunchy.  It's a white pizza, so it's brushed with garlic olive oil instead of red sauce, and this pie was covered with mozzarella, fresh tomatoes, thinly sliced zucchini, basil and feta cheese.  Heavenly and so, so flavorful!  The fresh ingredients were such a great compliment to the crunchy crust and we ate every slice.  EVERY.  SINGLE.  SLICE.  Which of course meant there was no room for dessert (apple pie or the seasonal peanut butter and chocolate pie), which is a damn shame if the desserts are even half as good as their 'za.I love that the menu pays homage to my home and the home of deep dish pizza, Chicago, with pie names like "Lincoln Park" and "Bucktown" and that it also recognizes its West coast influences with the "Berkeley" and "North Beach Classic" pizzas.  Even more, I love the restaurant's "Green Is the New Black" motto and that Pi sources locally and sustainably grown ingredients whenever possible.  Responsible pizza... tastes so good!  I'd be a lucky gal indeed to be in Pi's neighborhood.  Hopefully next time I'll walk from our new house and work up a big enough appetite to try some appetizers or dessert.  Oh, who am I kidding.  AND dessert. :)
<review# 600,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/20/2009,1/28/2009,102,258,8,9,7>I can't decide which is my favorite thing about Lester's:(1) That there are SO MANY tv's that my sports-addict boyfriend can not possibly complain that he's missing a single televised sporting event, regardless of where we are sitting.or(2) The pulled pork sandwich. It's phenomenal.
<review# 601,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/21/2008,1/27/2009,52,23,2,3,3>Amazing food, great entertainment and won me over with OVER 200 different beers. Wowza.
<review# 602,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/15/2008,1/26/2009,59,303,4,2,3>These aren't cupcakes. They're something far greater. It's as if rogue scientists took cupcake DNA and spliced it with that of a small, delicious moon. Voila! A Jilly's Cupcake. Monstrous in all it's cupcakey, frosting glory.In the future, I can see cults forming around these things...Seriously, I suggest sharing a cupcake with a friend. One might have a sugar overdose on these fluffy, rich, wonderful gifts from the Gods. Get them in dozens, and have a party. Just don't go in there hungry. You might over-buy and be left eating cupcakes for the next week... Maybe that's what I'll do the next time I go there.
<review# 603,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/10/2008,1/25/2009,17,6,4,5,5>I went there for dinner around 8pm tonight with two friends.  We got promptly seated outside on a gorgeous night.  While I was disappointed the draft beer on the menu I ordered was unavailable, I was happy w/ the Shiraz I ordered instead though I will say the $7.50 glass being the cheapest on the menu was slightly disappointing.The crab cake burger I had was fantastic and while the menu didn't note it, came with a very nice side salad for $12.  My friend had the gyro and raved as well.  My favorite thing was the extensive beer menu.  They have 'mystery' buckets of 5 beers for $22 and 'mystery' buckets of premium beers for $30.  I've been to loads of restaurants with large beer menus but have NEVER seen a mystery beer bucket option.  What a great idea.  If I was there for drinking not eating I'd have totally ordered it for fun.
<review# 604,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/1/2008,1/24/2009,34,50,4,5,6>I've been here about 10 billion times. Dave Bailey is a genius. Rooster is fun, quirky, not too pricey, and perfect for dining al fresco. You've gotta get the Memo (mimosa with pomegranate) and you can't go wrong with the Swedish pancake or any of the crepes. A favorite among the St. Louis young, semi-broke and fabulous set.
<review# 605,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,12/17/2008,1/23/2009,3,4,,7,4>I can't stop thinking of the beer glass. Dos Equis was served in a hefty, greenish handblown glass that summarized the place. It was comfortable, authentic and tasty. Ordering food was incredibly easy with the (obviously) well seasoned wait staff and a great menu. The decor inside is pretty badass. They have Lucha libre masks alongside vintage cowboy photos, wood lamps and day of the dead murals with some flatscreens thrown in for good measure.The food was portioned extremely well and the house margarita is no joke with real lime juice. You have the choice of going "gringo" or authentic with a number of items on the menu. The green and red salsas with the obligatory tortilla chips were stellar, we went through 2 baskets. I'll be back to try the rest of the taco meats, I can vouch for the house Chorizo.
<review# 606,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,1/14/2009,1/21/2009,8,22,3,6,3>After several years of hitting the same place for our anniversary, my fiance and I decided to branch out and try Araka, which had been on our list of places to try for about....oh...almost a year. Every single review I read mentioned the decor. And you know, I thought it was nice, but I also thought it felt like an airport restaurant. I attributed this to their fairly ghastly upholstery pick for our booth, and the constant diffuse light, and the generally sterile feeling of the whole place. It was very Clayton, for lack of a better descriptor, super suburban-hip.The service was over-the-top attentive. Honestly, we go out to dinner to enjoy each other's company and the food, not to find a new BFF. I felt like our server was trying to ingratiate himself to us.The food itself was perfectly good. My lentil soup was gigantic! I honestly do not understand serving a portion that large for an appetizer (ah, the midwest). I had the lamb pappardelle, and found myself wishing that the lamb was a bit more tender, maybe shredded and less cubic. In general, I expected something a little lighter I guess. My fiance had an arugula salad that was perfectly serviceable (why he always insists upon paying $8 for salads that never impress him one of my great life mysteries), and the local pork trio, which he seemed to enjoy (my jewish roots make it difficult to enjoy pork, sadly). Everything was a little oversalted for my taste. Our wine was $40 for a quartino, and drinkable, but not really groundbreaking at all. I can't believe I paid that much for two glasses of wine, but hey, anniversaries. Our dessert was probably my favorite part of the meal, an apple cranberry crumble with buttermilk ice cream. Oh, the ice cream. So awesome.It was a perfectly nice night out, but nothing so groundbreaking that I'll be raving about the experience to my friends. I can certain see how a certain demographic would be really into Araka, but it's just not our kind of a place.
<review# 607,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/9/2008,1/20/2009,112,313,2,2,2>Cool schools. Wish I had a science classroom like this when I was a kid.
<review# 608,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/13/2009,1/19/2009,15,143,,4,5>This place is hands down my favorite restaurant in St. Louis.  After moving to New York, I've found a lot of great Italian restaurants in the city.  My standards for Italian food went up after living in an area that is known as one of the top-gourmet cities in the world.  Still, LoRusso's is still one of my favorite Italian restaurants.  I've made a visit to St. Louis recently and found out that this place is still great as I remember.  God, the food here is always off the hook!  The salad (Della Casa) is one of the best I've ever had, and all the pasta dishes are never disappointing.  Great selection of desserts as well.  The best part is, the prices are really sincere (A dinner like LoRusso's in NY will easily cost double of what you will pay here.)  This will be the place I will always miss in St. Louis.  Thank you for the great memories!!
<review# 609,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/14/2009,1/18/2009,5,157,2,3,3>what a little gem. (the 5 stars are conditional on where I was and the surprise factor)  I was visiting WashU for a conference and did not expect to find anything good near my hotel, and what do you know, an awesome all-veggie Indian place in St. Louis.  Thank you yelpers!
<review# 610,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/25/2012,12/13/2012,45,301,2,9,4>This review was prompted by the free range turkey I ordered for Thanksgiving.  As many other reviewers have noted, the meat counter here is fantastic.  If you're looking for a real butcher (and by that I mean, a man in a white apron who is insanely knowledgeable about meat and can procure such meat for you), Straub's is where you should go.  Their free-range turkeys are great, and they're not obnoxiously expensive.  They were even able to accommodate my request for half a turkey for my small dinner party, which was much appreciated.  The rest of the store is nice, but as everyone already knows, not for your staples.  The run of the mill items are just too expensive to make this your main grocery store.  The back room, the deli/prepared foods/bakery section, is my favorite.  There's a lot of great stuff back there, including the largest selection of Companion baked goods I've seen in a grocery store.  All in all, Straub's is a gem!
<review# 611,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/15/2012,12/12/2012,330,151,4,7,6>Want to be sun kissed and avoid the tanning bed? Shine is a great option! Yesterday was my first visit and upon walking in to the clean, bright business I was told my first tan is free! Well if that didn't give them a bonus star from the get go I don't know what else would.     The lady got all my information and explained the different options I had: light, medium, and dark along with clear and tinted (clear shows up over time and tinted is immediate color). I decided on a clear medium tan and was ushered to the back to get started. The room is very well up kept and the lady then walked me through the steps and poses with the machine which was very helpful (there's a cheat sheet on the wall if you can't remember!) I used the lotion on my hands and feet to keep from getting orange tan lines and got down to business.    The machine is great, it gives an even tan and tells you when to turn to the next position, I also like that it has a small heater because the spray and drying gets a little chilly! Being able to get the tan done and it not rub off on my clothes is great, there's even a cute little mirror area afterwards where you can "touch up" before you head out and get on with your day. It's a quick process that is much better than a tanning bed!        It's the next day and my tan is even, natural looking and looks great! I've gotten lots of compliments and definitely feel like I shine!  There's a student discount with a valid ID and there are always coupons and specials--I'll definitely be utilizing this option again and again!
<review# 612,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/24/2012,12/11/2012,21,54,4,7,4>There's something about extra crispy wings in a spicy sauce that get me... every stinkin' time!I'm not a big fried food person ( i know, blasphemy.. but i've got a sensitive stomach... more on that in another post... not on yelp...)I've been here twice and both times I've ordered the bulgogi salad, not thinking I will partake in the wings... but somehow I always end up with a pile of bones on my plate by the end of the meal.This last visit the service was great!! We were greeted by a super friendly girl at the register who was then helpful in picking out just the right sauces for my friend's wings (ok yes, I am a food stealer...). There's nothing fancy about the interior just a place to sit down, quickly enjoy some wings, and bounce off to a nice nap.
<review# 613,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/20/2012,12/10/2012,76,154,1,8,6>I've been here about 6 times the past 2 years because it's my go-to when I have out-of-town visitors and we want a quick, cheap, good-portioned hole-in-the-wall Korean bibimbap! If you've never had bibimbap before, this is the place to go. The restaurant hours are a bit variable but check out the hours listed on this page so that you don't show up only to realize that it's closed! Bibimbap is basically a rice bowl packed with sauteed vegetables and gochujang, chili pepper paste, as well as marinated beef. I love Korean marinated beef. You can add extra beef for a dollar or two here. The rice bowl is topped with a fried egg, and if you aren't the type who likes mildly raw egg that gets cooked by mixing it around in the hot rice (but it's SO GOOD like that!), you can ask the chef to make it well-done. After the bowl is served, my favorite way to eat is to mix everything together so that the beef, veggies, rice, and egg are one hot mess of deliciousness. The restaurant is run by one Korean man who does all the cooking, but I've rarely had to wait longer than 10 minutes for my food. Since there's only about 10 counter seats and 1 table, I know some people just get their food to go and eat elsewhere. If you like really spicy, their bibimbap's chili pepper paste isn't going to do it for you. I like milder chili paste so it works well for me!
<review# 614,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/10/2012,12/9/2012,110,674,3,6,4>Came here the other night for a friend's going away party.  Once I entered, I realized what the buzz is all about.  Pure nostalgia.  Think Blueberry Hill but on a less grander scale & less crowd & no smoking room.  Tiny place, but lots going on.  Love the ambience, but a tad bit tooo dark for me.  In the back, video games galore.  Maybe could add a DDR (Dance Dance Revolution) or maybe not.  In any case, it would be awesome to see some adults or kids attempt that game.  The skeeball looked interesting.  Maybe I'll try it another day, but looking at that game made me crave playing tennis.  The drink selection for the non-alcoholics wasn't soo bad.  Parking is great.  There's a tiny parking lot directly across from the lounge.
<review# 615,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/10/2012,12/8/2012,53,115,4,9,4>In a semi sketchy neighborhood: check Bar looks fairly hole in the wall: checkThe seating is nearly impossible to get on a weekend evening: checkYou shouldn't order anything but beer: checkSeriously folks, don't be like the people I saw here and order a Chardonnay with your dinner...because it'll come from a mini bottle on a never dusted shelf of their never touched drink area. It's like the stuff you might get on an airplane. However, who in their right mind comes to black thorn for Chardonnay anyway??? It's all about the beer here.I know this place seems sketch...they do not even have a menu online. Oh noes, what will I do? Well if you have a hankering for Chicago style deep  dish pizza and you want to know what they offer you seriously need to call them or look at the yelp pics of the menu. If they give you sas, well I'd say that's expected of a grungy place, but that's not necessarily true. I really didn't get a good feel for their attitude here. When I was there it took forever to get a drink because of how "busy" it was, but like I said it was mostly expected. It's tiny and a bit rundown feeling like a dive bar. Not my favorite feeling but that's part of why they don't get 5 stars from me.If it's busy you probably won't find seating immediately. The best solution is to scope things out and play some arcade games until something opens up! The pizza here is seriously an awesome combo while you are drinking. I love deep dish, and while black thorn isn't my all time favorite, it's pretty good for st Louis. Keep in mind deep dish takes forever to cook and when you are in line for your pizza to be made it could take an hour, which means you might already be feeling the buzz of your alcohol kick in.
<review# 616,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/17/2012,12/7/2012,98,1037,10,8,6>This past Thursday, my friend and I were traveling down Broadway and he inquired about a bar neither one of us had heard of, right in Soulard.  I'm glad we stopped in, even though this place was totally not our style. If Martha Steward opened a bar, this would be it.  Outside was a sign that you could hand carve pumpkins on Thursdays.  We entered to the smell of pumpkin spice candles.  The tables were adorned with doily table coverings.  I think I saw a small child churning butter in the corner.  Before we could get the courage to turn around and quickly exit, a kind yet inebriated voice from the bar encouraged us to have a seat.  We agreed to tell no other souls that we had been here, checked our man-cards at the door, and sat down for a drink.  The bar has about 5 seats in it.  Each has its own place mat & candle.  Allison Krause was playing from the bar maids iPod.  Some of the glasses were of the crystal variety that your grandmother only used on Thanksgiving.  Where the eff were we?  How does this place even exist in the rough and tumble area of Soulard?  She insisted that they've been here for ages.  We had a couple of rum drinks and actually enjoyed our time here.  If you shop at Michael's on a regular basis, have matching outfits with your significant other or pet, have a subscription to any craft magazine, or have ever knitted... check this place out.  I'm sure they make some kind of pumpkin spice elixir that would be perfect for you.
<review# 617,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/8/2012,12/6/2012,42,79,4,5,5>YUMMY in my tummy.  They have a great lunch buffet with more selection than some other nearby places.   The only issue is with the place is it is kinda weird to get to.  If you don't know the area well you might get lost since some roads were moved and removed when they changed Lindbergh around.  Not to mention the parking garage is a pain.  Then you have to find the place after you get parked cuz you can't just walk in the door and wah-bam you're there and ready to be seated.  So instead you go in some other door and take an elevator up to the top floor and come out at India Palace.  Somehow my friends and I managed to take the scariest, sketchiest, and nastiest elevator ever to get there because we accidentally ended up in the food service elevator and not the one for the public.  I was a little nervous about eating there once we got on that elevator.  However, once inside that all diminished because the place is nicely decorated in traditional Indian style and you have this awesome view of Lambert and the surrounding areas.   I had great service and amazing food. Highly recommend to anyone who likes Indian food or just wants to try Indian food for the first time!
<review# 618,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/6/2012,12/5/2012,159,623,7,10,9>I've been putting off this review until I actually stop by for steak.But I haven't gotten around to it yet... and I've been here a multitude of times for lunch have each of their sandwiches.I'm actually not a fan of many of their sandwiches.  They're, for the most part, just ok.  The fish sandwich is ginormous, but for the most part pretty flavorless.  However what keeps me wanting to come back (and ultimately have a steak), is their burger.It's quite possibly the best executed burger I've had.Are you the type to live dangerously and get a burger MEDIUM RARE?Here's the problem with ordering a burger medium rare, aside from the potential life threatening bacteria or some bout of the runs... a lot of places won't have the grill hot enough to give the thing a good sear so you're left with some grey patty that's sort of falling apart.Not so with Tucker's.This thing has consistently been a juicy bomb of awesome perilously held together by a thin membrane of dark char.  It's f-ing amazing.I've mentioned elsewhere that there's been a trend of places that concentrate on what to add to your burger, rather than the burger itself.  Wait.  That was with pizza.  Well... the same holds true for burgers.  Tucker's is all about the patty.  Their toppings are ok but to be honest, you totally don't need them.  Just get some cheese and regular toppings that come on the side and you're good to go.Oh and you have to ask for mayo.What really pushed me over the edge to finally rave about their burgers was my lunch experience this past Friday.  I had my usual burger, medium rare, with American cheese.  It was awesome.  Later on that night my wife wanted to go to Fuddruckers.  Though I had a burger earlier (and I was actually still kind of full) I agreed.  Now Fuddruckers makes a pretty awesome burger, albeit pretty salty.  I don't know why the freak we don't have more Fuddruckers while we have Five Guy's all over the freaking place.  Anyway we split a ginormous "southwest" burger with shrooms.  It was quite awesome.Next day?  I was craving Tuckers again.I'm still thinking about it as I'm typing.I think I'll go for lunch today.
<review# 619,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/12/2012,12/4/2012,72,255,4,8,6>So, this is my latest CWE obsession.  I am seriously obsessed with this place.The other night, we were celebrating a friend's birthday and stopped in here for a few drinks.  The drinks were effing amazing.Let me try to remember what I had...-Strawberry Banana Bellini ($9)-Tiger's Blood ($9)-Caramel Macchiato ($9)-Milk Chocolate ($9)-Strawberry-Pomegranate Lemonade ($9)So, the drinks are expensive, but you definitely feel them rather quickly.  My favorite is the Tiger's Blood.  For those of you who love snow cones, this tastes just like one.  It's fantastic.  If you like champagne, the Bellini is good.  The Caramel Macchiato is so exciting!  It comes out bubbling and foamy, and is extremely delicious.  The Milk Chocolate is strong as hell, but is delicious.They're all pretty good!  The sushi is pretty fresh-tasting, too. I stuck with the classics, ordering a spicy tuna roll ($6.75) and a vegetable roll ($6.25). Each one came with six pieces, and was pretty good.One of the things I love most about this place is the snow/ice-covered bar.  It's a great place to make baby footprints and cool your hands down.  Oh, and to keep your drink cold.  I also love their rewards card.  A free bottle of vodka on your birthday?  Yes, please!
<review# 620,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/14/2010,9/26/2010,42,71,10,7,10>The legend is true. Up to the curb I pulled and down the rabbit hole I fell, floating in a haze through a wonderland of Danish end tables, two-tone bowling attire, and pastel Tupperware dishes. "Can I help you with anything?" asked the friendly staff. "Indeed," I replied, "I'll be moving in. My suitcase is in the car." They seemed to be familiar with such sentiments and politely allowed me to tumble further into rapture, weaving through every enticing crevice of their storefront/warehouse/playroom and gawking, bottom jaw fully deployed, at every piece in the place. Seven hours later my stomach reminded me that dinner time was nigh, as was, coincidentally, closing time, and thus was I returned back to this time and place on this planet we call Earth to write this review and wait feverishly for my chance to bask again in the mid-century glow of TFA.
<review# 621,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/19/2010,9/25/2010,92,533,4,5,4>Finally made to Harvest for dinner after considering it off and on for years.   We've mostly stayed away because my lovely wife was put off by some of the menu items (for some reason mustard greens and smoked tofu don't sound good to her).   It took a free entrée certificate to finally persuade her to give it a try.   We ended up very pleased in just about every way.  The ambience is great - a nice romantic place for a dinner date.  Our server was super friendly and patiently explained about half of the menu without rolling her eyes even once!   We ended up getting the roast duck and chicken breast.   The dominant factors with the duck were the cherry port reduction and the potato cake.  For the chicken, the summer vegetable ratatouille was the main feature.  It had a strong curry taste, which wouldn't appeal to everyone.  Everything was cooked perfectly and the blend of tastes was just right.   If I have a complaint, it's that the duck by itself was kind of chewy and ordinary, such that for me it was kind of irrelevant - it could have been a chicken breast and I would have enjoyed it just as much.   For an appetizer, we split the yellow tomato gazpacho from the spa menu and it was also wonderful.  Then for dessert we had to try the bread pudding based on the reviews.   We enjoyed it, although it was kind of tough.  The sauce tasted just like the icing we used to dip homemade donuts into years ago, back when calories and fat content weren't an issue.   In the end, I say this bread pudding was like a bunch of chunks of day old Krispy Kremes mashed together into a block, baked a while and served in a pool of extra icing.   Not that it's a bad thing - we did enjoy it.   I just wondered if it's always made the same way. So Harvest is up there on my list of recommended restaurants.  We'll be back as soon as we've visited the other 60 restaurants on my prospect list.
<review# 622,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/21/2010,9/24/2010,79,20,6,14,6>I will start off being completely honest...I went to Latitude 26 ONLY because I heard you could get a free margarita with the purchase of an entree for mentioning YELP.  I thought, this alone gives me reason to check it out.  Upon entering the place I could not believe that this was a Mexican restaurant or that it used to be Chuys.  It was totally gutted out and much more roomy, with a definite loft style appeal.  I fell in love with the decor immediately.  I loved the fact the I could go out for some yummy Tex. Mex. and not feel like a box of crayons exploded around me! As far as the food goes, it was good...I am not too picky when it comes to Mexican.  Menu was not huge, but I still had trouble deciding!  Salsa was perfect, kinda chunky but not too spicy.   I had the grilled chicken fluatas which were dee-lish!  BUT, the best part of the meal was the margaritas.  I can only name ONE other place in all of STL that I know uses fresh fruit juice.  This is what will keep me coming back for more.  I love a good margarita and it is so hard to find a place that knows how to make them with out sour mix.  They hit the nail on the head with these drinks and I fell in love.I was more than impressed and my whole table of four had nothing but great things to say!  I also very much liked the personal response I received on Twitter thanking me for my visit...you can't get better service than that!
<review# 623,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/7/2010,9/23/2010,30,78,4,4,4>When Johnny Brock's Dungeon moved into it's current location on Jefferson, I thought it was going to be one of those transient Halloween stores that pop up in September and is in November.  Well, this place proved me wrong.  They have stuff all year round.Halloween is definitely their heyday...they have more costumes than you could imagine...for kids and adults, and for women they carry more than just those "sexy nurse", "sexy prisoner", etc. costumes!  There is also a huge number of wigs, makeup, and decorations to choose from.  Be careful at Halloween though...don't wait until the day before to head to Johnny Brocks...the line was about 100 people long!They turn over their inventory quickly based on the time of year, Mardi Gras, St. Paddys, and now it looks like their summer stuff is coming out.  Usually at the beginning of a new season, they have sales or clearances on any of last year's stuff that didn't sell, so keep your eyes peeled!  If you're looking for a place to find that unusual costume piece or decoration you've been looking for, this is it!
<review# 624,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/5/2010,9/22/2010,154,611,5,6,6>The scene: It's 11pm on a weeknight. You are driving home from a baseball game. You get a call from a house guest visiting from out of town (mine happened to be my father). He is worried and tells you something is wrong with your 4lb dog. "What happened?" You ask. It turns out that your house guest, who walks around with dog treats in his pocket while visiting you, pulled the treat bag out to give your dog a treat and a pill that said guest was about to take falls out of his pocket. A prostate reducing pill. And your dog, thinking a treat is falling out of the pocket where they are kept, lunges to beat his brother and sister to the punch. Being a stupid dog, he consumes your house guest's prostate pill instead of a dog treat. Sigh... what now?You call the vet. The answering service says to call the animal ER. The animal ER refers you to the poison control hotline - FOR DOGS. Yes, it exists. Believe it or not, there are more than one. We called the Pet Poison Hotline, which is cheaper ($35) than the ASPCA hotline ($65). After consulting with the vets there, we are told that the little dog needs to be taken to the ER to be made to vomit the prostate pill out. Otherwise, the dose was so high that it could cause neurological problems and more. The Animal Emergency Clinic is easy to find at Big Bend & Highway 44 right next to the QT. I had been there before as well as the Webster Groves Animal Hospital ER, and much preferred the AEC to WGAH. Off we went. We walked in, described the problem, and the receptionist immediately took little Leo into the back. We did all the paperwork after he was in the hands of the vets there. It was a short event. We didn't wait at all. The vet came out shortly after and told us that they had successfully retrieved the prostate pill. They gave the little guy another medicine to stop him from vomiting and soon after, he was back with us. He threw up once more in the exam room while the vet was giving us directions but after that, nothing. $133 later, we were on our way home. The little guy was fine. 100% recovery. I think his prostate is feeling better too! My dad's however.. good thing he had brought extra medicine on the trip!
<review# 625,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/25/2010,9/21/2010,32,141,17,17,5>the cupcakes here are definitely at least 2 servings, probably 3 each, which is good because they are like $5 each. Not only are they enormous every flavor is super rich. I don't even want to think about how much butter, sugar goes into these. They are a rich treat tho I wish they offered some lighter fare. My friends in ny ask me to bring them whenever i visit.That said, the staff here is crap. I expect a business that opens at 9am to have product available for purchase. They seem to disagree and think they can open at 9 and then slowly put out product at like 945 or so. wtf. If i come by at 9am for a cupcake I want a damn cupcake. Don't open at 9 if you can't be ready til 10. Staff also has an attitude, as though they have better things to do than sell cupcakes at $5 a pop.  Its a recession people, if you have customers willing to hand over $5 for cake wrapped in paper cups, smile and say thank you.
<review# 626,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/10/2010,9/20/2010,132,135,3,3,5>This is by far my favorite run in STL.  I have done this race for the past 3 years and it is a blast!  There are always a lot of people at all skill levels so if you can walk 5 miles, you can participate. This race is very entertaining. There are kids, adults, people in funny costumes, people tied together with shamrock tinsel, a group pulling a keg in a wagon and drinking while running.  Although I have yet to spot a leprechaun...maybe this will be my year!  The best part of the race is the finish line, free beer!  Whooohooo!  Oh, and you can get a super green running shirt at Big River Running that says, "Kiss me, I'm a runner" to wear at the race.  Check it!
<review# 627,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,3/29/2010,9/19/2010,361,578,6,4,4>This is easily the best Korean restaurant in St. Louis. That's not just my personal opinion. I asked Koreans:Me: I heard Hangook Kwan has really good Korean food! Korean friend: ehhhhh....Me: Good for for St. Louis?KF: Yes, yes! Best in St. Louis! There you go. They do dolsot bibimbap, which is great. It's what I expect from most Asian food in St. Louis. It's not that they don't try, it's just that they start with ingredients that can't compare with elsewhere. Pricey for Korean food on the whole, not pricey considering how much decent food costs in St. Louis. Definitely try for some of the most authentic-tasting Korean food in the midwest!
<review# 628,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/17/2010,9/18/2010,65,153,13,7,7>Now I love theatre.  I believe that I am fairly intellectual, and really embrace the sometimes-difficult text that Shakespeare throws our way.  So with my educated perspective, here's what I proclaim:"The moving people on the castle do good words.  I smiled happy while eating on my yard blanket!"The St. Louis Shakespeare Festival is a well-oiled machine.  Their outdoor setup is clean, they have plenty of bathrooms, a nice selection of refreshments,  and plenty of space to house the large audience.I really admire theatres that tackle outdoor projects.  They can be a beast to plan.  You have to think of everything that could go wrong, and then find a way to prevent it, and I believe that the festival pulled it off nicely.So, come to the festival!  Yeah, it's free, but don't be afraid to plunk down some cash when they are holding out their hat.  You'll witness some great professional theatre, get some fresh air, and have a little culture whipped on you at the same time.  ...hell, if culture and iambic pentameter make you nervous, pack a cooler of Pabst Blue Ribbon, a bag of Funyuns, and wear your "Art Scares Me" t-shirt...it will help balance out your universe.Speaking of non-cultured morons, I would like to thank the staff of the festival for responding last night to an idiot-control problem.  They handled it very well.  So, thank you, festival staff....and to the 12 collegiate, co-ed morons who think it's funny to take phone calls, make fun of the actors, and be an all-around nuisance in the midst of folks who are enjoying their evening of theatre:I hope you all get a bad case of diarrhea...in public...while wearing shorts...that are white.I think the Bard would approve of that wish...yes?
<review# 629,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/5/2010,9/17/2010,76,328,4,5,4>Ok, so all the people on here dogging Iron Barley must have no taste buds or be too pretentious to enjoy a dive bar type atmosphere.  My hubby and I took our second trip to Iron Barley last night with a friend that has been staying at our house this week.The last time we went, it was a weekend and right after appearing on Man vs. Food, so we had a two hour wait.  That SUCKS, but we knew exactly what we were getting into.  Last night (Wednesday) wasn't nearly as bad.  We had a drink at the bar and were seated by the time I could finish my delish berry mojito (yum!).Gripe #1 - There's no sort of description on the menus, which is annoying.  The wait staff, however, is happy to answer any question.  And the specials sound so good that I usually end up ordering one of them anyway.We started with a Monte Cristo dog as an appetizer.  We didn't try them before, and since that's what they're supposed to be famous for, we felt the need.  I was intrigued by the MC dog but didn't know if I would like it.  It's so fun!  First of all, their hot dogs are some of the best I've ever tasted (I know...how hard is that?  But seriously, yum), and the jelly/jam just puts you in that beautiful harmonious sweet but savory spot.  Mmmm....I wish they had that near where I partied in college, because it would have been awesome after a night of drinking.I got the prime rib with sun-dried tomato barley risotta.  O. M. G. That meat was amazing (that's what she said), and I love the many forms of their barley risotta.  So yum!  I'd order that over and over again, and I'm greatly looking forward to my leftovers for dinner tonight.My husband got the seafood risotto, and he loved it.  I tried some of the risotto, which was good, but I'm not a huge seafood fan and am unable to really comment beyond that.Our friend got the roast beef sammiche with smashed potatoes.  Emily M. is probably on to something with the potatoes - the least liked item by FAR.  I didn't try them, but my husband did have a bite.  He said it was strange...like a baked potato that got smashed up and smothered in a "different" gravy.  Maybe I'm missing something, but that's not how I make mashed potatoes.  Friend, Theresa, did enjoy her roast beef sandwich though.  She's looking forward to bringing her boyfriend there next time they're in town together.If it weren't for the slow seating and service (consider yourself warned!), I'd give Iron Barley 5 stars.  Just prepare your schedule for that, and you'll be in for a treat!
<review# 630,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/27/2010,8/27/2010,275,429,5,9,8>What's that, you say?  You say it's still too cold in March for the Maplewood Farmers Market?  Well.  I would've said the same until I realized that the good folks at the Bottleworks allow the farmers to sell their goods indoors during the chillier, off-season months.  Having had lovely weather earlier this week, they decided to hold the market outdoors this morning, which, in my opinion, was still a bit too early.  Brrrr!  But, there was hot coffee and other belly-warming goods on hand, so all was well.Cheery, freshly-cut Spring daffodils waved at us as we checked out the farmers' wares.  Farm fresh eggs!  Grass-fed beef!  Fresh pasta!  Amazing goat cheese!  Overwintered spinach and fresh arugula and kale!  Baked goods, jams & jellies and all sorts of things to make tummies happy!I love farmers markets and the Maplewood one is pretty great.  Even better when it's warm and sunny outside, because then the harvest is particularly diverse and bountiful.  Once it's growing season and the market is in full-swing, I recommend showing up when the market opens.  Lines will already be forming.  And I *will* elbow my way through the crowd for a few pints of Biver Farms strawberries.
<review# 631,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/16/2010,8/26/2010,38,146,2,5,2>I had a good experience trying out River City Casino. I went on the second weekend open.  It was still busy, but the bartender said it was nothing compared to their opening week. We had no problem upon entry- I got ID'd but my fiancee did not (he is younger than me, but sports a beard). I was struck by the beautiful atmosphere. The bright red glass chandeliers that are the centerpiece of the space are just beautiful.  We walked around once before stopping to take it in.  The bars and restaurants appear nicely decorated.  The Brewhouse had a very affordable menu and looked appealing.  The center bar looked straight out of "Mad Men" with glass chandeliers, bright green accents, and mod shapes.  The velvet lounge looks intriguing- all shiny black, with a low bar (so the bartender is at eye level when guests are seated), and live music.  The drinks we had were affordable.  They have a great selection of penny slots, which we played around for about an hour. Not much luck winning, but it's rare to make big on penny slots, right? There was a pretty diverse crowd when we were there- some partiers from the St. Patrick's Day parade and some locals.  The parking lot is big and well-lit, and the casino is easy to find. We will defnitely be back to check out at least one of the restaurants and to visit with out of town friends.
<review# 632,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/13/2010,8/25/2010,116,188,5,2,3>WARNING: Tobacco is not a toy.  Even though it can be flavored like watermelon bubblegum candy or whatever, it is still a powerful drug.  I learned this the hard way one night at this place.  Maybe I was inhaling too deeply.  Maybe it was because I was also eating a tasty gyro while taking hits.  Maybe Layal just has some super strong shit.  Whatever it was, I got really sick and had to go home, where I spent the next hour in some hellish bad-tobacco trip. All I could do to prevent from vomiting was to lay on a couch with my eyes open and breathe.  My brain did not feel good at all.  And believe me, it's been acclimated to a fair amount.  I snapped out of it eventually.  My lady friend also smoked the hookah but was just fine, and probably thought I was being a little bitch for ODing on nicotine.  Nah just kidding she was cool and took care of me throughout the ordeal.Despite my unpleasant experience, I really like this place.  It's got a very unique vibe, not all middle-eastern-y like most hookah joints.   The gyros and other food is damn good for what you pay.  And they serve food pretty late, past midnight I think.   It makes a great place to grab a bite after a show at the Pageant.  Crowd seems to be mainly college-aged, and this place probably caters to those too young to drink.Enjoy the hookah.  Just don't combine it with food, and don't inhale the smoke deeply, and you'll be ok.
<review# 633,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/10/2010,8/24/2010,144,93,2,4,3>A friend of mine told me that we were going to "Mizu" to eat. Not gonna lie, at first I thought she meant "Mizzou," which clearly didn't make sense. Who goes to a university to eat? When I learned that she was taking me and a couple others to eat at Mizu Sushi Bar, I was pretty excited! The location is great and the atmosphere is very nice. The service was good and super friendly. They also have a giant screen for sports fans, which is also a plus. When the food came out, I was very excited. We had an assortment of sushi pieces (tuna, salmon, etc.) as well as some great rolls. I am a huge fan of unagi (eel), and was very pleased with the rolls that had it. We also had the classic Spider roll as well as few others. The coolest roll by far is called "The Imperial Guard," which came wrapped in foil that was shaped like a swan and had a fire going underneath it! I know it sounds amazing, and the taste was also just as good as the presentation. It has shrimp tempura, crab meat, avocado on the inside and eel, tobiko (fish eggs) and spicy mayo and special sauce on top. I'd recommend you try it! It could add to the fun if you're out on a date.All in all, the night was very fun and enjoyable. The atmosphere was nice and the sushi quality was all very good and fresh. With all that in mind, it is definitely a notch above the other sushi places i have tried so far. Go check this place out if you get the chance! Special thanks to my friend for taking us here! Extra Tip: I realize that it is a sushi bar, but if you enjoy cooked fish, you have to try their "himachi," which is cooked yellowtail. It was cooked so well and the taste was amazing! It wasn't gamy at all and was so soft. I would even go back just for some more of it!
<review# 634,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/11/2010,8/22/2010,129,181,7,16,15>Penzeys would make my Hungarian friend super excited.  Who knew that there were five different kinds of Hungarian paprika?  Sweet, savory, half-sharp, smoked Spanish, California-style.  The coolest thing about this store is seeing how one spice can have so many variations depending on the region it comes from.I also learned a cool fact: the difference between a spice and an herb.A spice is a bark, seed pod, fruit flesh, fruit peel, or root.An herb is the leaf part only.Never knew that before the nice lady at Penzeys explained it to me today!
<review# 635,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/16/2010,8/21/2010,129,341,2,12,7>Stefano's occupies the space formerly inhabited by 10th Street Italian.  It's truly in an inconspicuous location, so I suspect they're trying to hit the worker drone lunch crowd, the convention crowd, and based on their late night hours, the drunken Washington Avenue crowd.Actually, there's another crowd they can handle -- the breakfast crowd -- they open at freaking 6:00 AM.  And they have breakfast pizzas.  And I can't speak to any of this outside of the menu.  So I'll move on to dinner.The beautiful wife and I took advantage of a restaurant.com coupon to visit this spot tonight.  I'm glad we did.  I think they're offering something sorely lacking Downtown -- a mid-range Italian/pizza place.The interior is pretty small -- I believe they have 10-12 tables and 6 or 8 seats at the bar.  It doesn't really feel crowded, but then again, outside of the party of six, we were the only other patrons there (outside of an occasional person picking up a pizza).  There's a flatscreen on the wall next to the bar, but beyond that, there's not too many distractions (unless you're have a phobia of grapes.  There are a plethora of grape portraits).We started off with the bruschetta -- it is listed as "traditional and pesto" with a Kalamata tapenade.  Six pieces, three with each topping and a big scoop of tapenade.  Now, it wasn't bad, but I sort of with they would have given some "blanks" to use for the tapenade.  But still, it was good.The beautiful wife had the fettuccine Alfredo with chicken.  I'll let her write a review, but it was truly one of the better Alfredo's I've had (though I'm generally not a fan).  I had their New York style pizza (kick my backside Provel fans) -- The Sicilian, with a bounty of meats upon it.  The crust had nice color and flavor to it.  The meats were tasty (especially the sausage).  My only gripe was that New York style pizzas need to be cut wider for folding.  Yeah, it's petty, but rather than cutting this 11" puppy into 8 slices, 4 would have been awesome.  Needless to say, this isn't your standard Maurizio's pizza -- it's way better.The only gripe I'll give to the food are the rolls they serve.  These are along the lines of those yeasty dinner rolls that you get at Thanksgiving from the grocery store.  Anything would have been better -- if they had just cut up some slices of the baguette they used for the bruschetta, it would have been fine.Service was up to par -- with it being fairly empty, food might have been a little rushed, but it wasn't anything too horrible.  Actually, service was really friendly -- we got a big round of "thanks" when we left. They have a full bar (at least they have 3 Olives vodka) and a decent selection of wines and bottled beers.  And a dessert menu that was glimpsed at but not sampled.I foresee future visits here, coupons or not!
<review# 636,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,5/5/2010,8/20/2010,18,55,3,8,3>I like sushi. ALL KINDS of sushi. I've even made it at home. Heck, I'm not even afraid of eating sushi from the grocery store. Good sushi is good sushi, where ever you find it. So when I said I'd go with a friend to Blue Ocean Sushi I was stoked- because All-You-Can-Eat sushi combines two of my favorite things.Oddly enough, the first thing that struck me were the chairs. They are EXTREMELY comfortable- and they're the kind that lets you rock a little bit. Definitely a plus when you decide to start your eating marathon. The decor was alright I suppose. Very calm and relaxing. So we were off to a good start. I went with the Level 2 Special...  I figured it was the best value. If I was going to pay $20 bucks for level 1, you may as well pay $5 dollars more and more than double your options.Service was friendly, fast and attentive. No complaints there!I ordered the following in about an hour and a half:Eel Nigiri  (x2)Squid NigiriOctopus NigiriSalmon NigiriShrimp NigiriAlbacore Nigiri Smelt Roe NigiriCrab RangoonsSalmon Avocado RollCheeseburger Roll - just for kicks!Now, the strange part is that it seemed as though the quality of the sushi varied from item to item. Certain items were incredible. For example; the Eel, Octopus and Albacore were all AMAZING. They tasted fresh, the textures and seasoning were right, perfect! Even the Crab Rangoons were exceptional- perfectly crispy without being too hard or crunchy with an extremely delicious hot filling. Then there were items that were about on par with grocery store sushi, like my Shrimp and Squid Nigiri and my Salmon Roll. They definitely weren't bad- but they were definitely ho-hum compared to the above. I'm not sure if I could attribute this to bland taste, or temperature or what... it was just average through and through.Finally, you come to the sad, sad Salmon Nigiri. It was warm, rubbery and *almost* slimy, which is a shame because usually Salmon is one of my favorite sushi fish.The Cheeseburger Roll was... interesting. I guess I would say that it was 'good'... for being a cheeseburger wrapped in rice and seaweed. I  feel like it was prepared well... but the flavor combination was just too difficult to fully enjoy.  I don't hold this item against Blue Ocean. The same can be said for my outright revulsion at the Smelt Roe Nigiri... I'd never had it before and I don't feel qualified to say whether it was good or bad. My experience was only negative... but maybe I have no taste when it comes to Roe Nigiri?Was it worth it? Oh yeah. I'll definitely be back. The value alone is fantastic- add up my items if you don't believe me! Had I ordered what I ordered a la carte I'd have spent almost $50 dollars in sushi! And most of the items are at least as good, if not better than grocery store sushi... and some items are even on par with Wasabi's fare. Knowing what I know now, I can return and stick to those 5-star items and have an even better sushi eating experience just as cheaply. As a side note, I REALLY wanted to give Blue Ocean 4 stars, just on the basis of those Nigiri items that were SO PERFECTLY prepared... but I just couldn't. That level of quality should be the rule, not the exception... and there were just too many variations for me to justify 4 stars.
<review# 637,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/30/2010,8/19/2010,60,293,3,11,4>Stephanie B and I ventured into Acero last night excited to try this place out. We had read many good things about this place and wanted to see if it was as good as everyone said it was. Simply said, it was. We walked into the place shortly after 6:30 and were the only soles in sight except for the staff. We were quickly seated and promptly greeted by our waitress. The ambiance was the place was nice, modern but not ultra modern. As others have mentioned they have an option where you get to choose 4 courses for $30, not too bad in my opinion. Not some place you can come once a week, but not some place that will break the bank either. We started off with two plates we had read about on here and those review were right on. The meat and cheese plate and the bruchetta. I think I could make a meat and cheese plate my entire meal, and the bruchetta was like none I had ever had! I don't want to steal Stephanie's thunder on the bruchetta, so let me just say it was awesome. The next course consisted of a creamy polenta topped with ragu of the day that was rather tasty and a cheese ravioli that I though was great. The cheese was bursting with flavor and the white sauce it was topped with complimented it well. For the main course we both went with seafood, she with the scallops and I ordered the tuna. Both were cooked to perfection and I would not hesitate ordering either again. To finish the meal she went with the peach bread pudding and myself with the chocolate torte. She was not impressed with the peach bread pudding, but I'll let her expand on that. My chocolate torte on the other hand was fabulous. Our waitress said it was similar to a brownie and it was, in taste. It was not heavy or dense like a brownie usually is and with each bite it melted in your mouth. If you like chocolate, you absolutely have to try this. Service was good, but I felt the meal took a little too long. We sat down at 6:30 and left about 8:10. Not that we had anywhere to be, just seemed a little long to me and I was definitely ready to leave when we walked out. Will I be back to Acero in the future? Absolutely!
<review# 638,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/18/2010,8/18/2010,41,145,11,11,6>Like the whispers in the woods on LOST, snippets of Sweet Art have been swirling around me for quite a bit of time before I finally went this past week. Little did I know the smoke monster of AWESOME was about to have a party in my mouth. Having just eaten lunch, I bought two cupcakes (a vegan Tickled Pink for here, a Mississippi Mudslide to go). I decided to eat the Tickled Pink, and it was amazing. Obviously made from scratch, box cupcakes don't hold a candle to it. While I'm neither vegan nor vegetarian, I can appreciate the strides necessarily to make a bomb cupcake sans usual ingredients. It did not disappoint. I am rather notorious in my circle for having irresistible urges and utter lack of self-discipline when it comes to good desserts. Restraint from the little brown bag containing my other cupcake lasted approximately 8 minutes before I couldn't resist the temptation any longer. It was a valiant stand-off, but one I no doubt lost (or won?). No amount of vegan-ness could touch what happened in my mouth with the Mississippi Mudslide. It was somewhat buttery and had the most amazing icing. I'm pretty much speechless because I can't come up with words as to how good it was. The amazing in-house art work and funky interior were all additional pluses. But the icing on the cake was  the omnipresence of smiles throughout the place... from the man at the cash register, to the girl who brought out my friend's food, to the young and old throughout the place. The positive messages on the wall and the way they seemed to be lived out in the running of Sweet Art hit me like a brick when I realized they had gone into the precisely perfect business... because I've never seen any eating a cupcake with a frown. :)
<review# 639,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/29/2010,8/17/2010,99,408,4,4,4>I love Tigin! Best Guinness in town, with the perfect pour every time! I can't tell you how many other places mess up/don't care about doing it right. We come here often on summer weekend nights when free outdoor concerts are taking place at the levee. They have all your Irish stables. And frankly I don't know why you wouldn't order off their specialty menu. After all, they are an Irish restaurant. The corned beef dinner is meaty and juicy; the bangers and mash is imo the best in town. These sausages always surprise me! You bite into them and realize they are actually quite moist, not your run of the mill American Irish restaurant offering.Food is not cheap, but imo they are very reasonable considering the qualtiy and portion (we never get sandwiches so not sure about the size of those). The restaurant is well kept, and I love the large patio at front. It's perfect for people-watching and chatting with a loud group of friends.
<review# 640,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/26/2009,12/12/2009,275,429,7,10,8>The ladies running Chinese Noodle Cafe are total sweethearts!  Their warm service is so endearing, it bumps this place from 3 to 4 stars.I love cozy, casual restaurants and Chinese Noodle Cafe definitely has those qualities.  It's also inexpensive, quick and convenient (for me, at least)--three more things I'm grateful for on nights Justin and I don't feel like cooking.  Even better that the portions are large enough that I get lunch or another dinner out of one order!Food-wise, I've really enjoyed their veggie fried rice, crab rangoon and hot and sour soup.  The crab rangoon come six to an order and while I'm usually clamoring for as many as I can get, these guys are such freakin' fatties that I'm surprisingly satisfied with just three (meaning Justin actually gets his fair share!  What a novel idea!).  When we dined in on a particularly blustery night, the owner, Peggy, asked if we'd like some hot and sour soup.  We (oh, okay, I) had crab rangoon on the brain, so we turned it down.  She returned a few minutes later with the rangoon and two complimentary bowls of the hot and sour soup, which ended up being THE most delicious hot and sour soup I've ever eaten.  Not only was it delicious and free, but the complimentary portion was big!  I think the next time I visit this place, I'll just order crab rangoon and the soup, because it was definitely enough for a meal.I'd give the entrees I've tried three stars, mainly because they're awfully saucy and very Americanized.  The General's chicken and the sweet and sour chicken are actually garnished with... a maraschino cherry?  Wha??  But Justin enjoyed his beef with broccoli and I do appreciate that they don't skimp on the veggies here.  I like the place, the staff and the prices enough that I'd definitely visit again and try something new on the menu.  Or I'll stick with what I know is great--hot and sour soup and gargantuan crab rangoon!
<review# 641,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/16/2009,12/11/2009,19,46,2,4,4>This restaurant is one of the many reasons I love my neighborhood.  Great authentic Ethiopian food.  I especially like that their injera has that zippy sourness that real injera should have.  Meals are served family style or on separate plates for the germphobes and they are generous with the injera supply.If going in a group of 4, try starting with only 3 entrees; we are usually well stuffed still with some left over.  Injera expands massively in the stomach/gut with liquid in my experience;  I choose to ignore this fact and deal with an overstuffed bloated belly as the food is that good.  Some of my favorites are the Tibs Alecha Wat (beef cooked in butter with ginger, garlic and curry), butecha (pureed chickpeas pan fried in olive oil with garlic and hot peppers)  and the vegetable #1 (green beans, carrots and onions---caramelized yumminess).  The special chicken tibs (chicken with awaze sauce, tomatoes, garlic and onions) is also very good.I have never had dessert here because I am always too stuffed by that point.  Come hungry and you will not leave disappointed.  I also love serving family style; ethiopian food is a lot of fun for groups and you get to try all the dishes which is always good.  Nice choice for socializing with friends.
<review# 642,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/3/2009,12/10/2009,4,9,7,8,10>The ways for a drinking establishment to score points with me are twofold: offering low-cost drinks and providing me an easy voyage home after a night of drinking done right. Par Lounge more than satisfies both criteria. Originally, my interest was piqued on a walk to the Hi Pointe Theater next door. Months later on a Thursday night, a decision to try a new watering hole led to an investigation of the Par Lounge. At first, I was put off by the absence of patrons (likely due to it being a Thursday night), but this made finding seating extremely easy. Being as savvy as I am, my first question for the bartender was "What's cheap?" Fortunately, the answer was everything. This is the beauty of Par:  their "happy hour" is basically always. With the exception of the standard drinking nights (Friday and Saturday), "happy hour" lasts from essentially open to close. I had quite the time, and plenty of drinks, for less than $15. My complaints of Par Lounge are few. For one, the digital jukebox is somewhat of a crap shoot. You may be stuck waiting an hour just to hear the song your dollar says you love so much. In fact, despite offering an enjoyable variety of tunes, it is more costly to play a song in the bar than to purchase said song on iTunes. There's no beer on tap (only bottles), so the grocery store down the street is a viable competitor for beer purchases. Also, the absence of patrons severely handicapped any opportunities for mingling entertainment, or even people watching. However, this flaw is advantageous for those who want to interact within their own group. For those who must drive, parking may be difficult to find (with the exception of extreme cold, it's within walking distance for me).The key question to ask, then, is "Will I go back?" For the Par Lounge, the answer is absolutely, thanks to their cheap booze and proximity to my home.
<review# 643,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/20/2009,12/8/2009,102,258,3,7,4>This place is officially my go-to for lunch when I have out-of-town visitors to take to the nearby A-B brewery tour. The layout is interesting -- it's a little bit narrow, and it's not exactly equipped to deal with large groups, but for a small cafe, it's just right.Service is impeccable. My drink was refilled so politely and efficiently that I didn't even notice. This kind of service is great when you're catching up with visitors!The food is quite good. You won't find a typical burger and fries on the menu (there are burgers, but they seem healthier than pub burgers or fast food), but the cucumber/tomato/mozzarella salad is a very refreshing side dish. The portions are generous but not excessive, and entrees are served on clean, simple dishes.
<review# 644,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/3/2009,12/7/2009,319,681,2,7,4>The danger of getting good publicity/reviews is that once people say they like you, others will come along to challenge "the legend." I get the feeling that this is the case with Pi. So many rave reviews, including one from El Presidente put Pi on a pretty high pedestal. Should it be there? It's all relative. Pi is not the restaurant that I would plaster all over the front page of every publication, but IT IS a solid, pizzeria that serves fresh, upwardly priced goods, vegetarian options that actually taste good, and a decent alternative to St. Louis style pizza. Located in a trendy/up-and-coming part of the loop, Pi is casual, modern, and comfortable.  I found the staff to be friendly and on the ball. Pi is usually crowded and It does take time to prepare the type of deep dish pizza they serve. But, if I have time, I'm willing to wait because I like that they are using fresh ingredients to make "real" pizza. Are there other good deep dish pizza places in town? Sure. But this one gets my vote as a solid contender.  Oh, and did I mention that Pi is smoke free?  If they had 1/2 stars, they would get 4 1/2 from me.
<review# 645,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/30/2008,12/6/2009,41,37,,5,3>Last night I headed to Iron Barley after ogling its online menu for weeks. It didn't disappoint.  The restaurant serves up what amounts to "home cooking", but it's never greasy/gloppy.  It's satisfying, flavorful, and the epitome of a good meal, without the attendant feeling that you're going to need an angioplasty afterward.  The vibe is sort of fancy, but not pretentious.  Mostly it's just amazingly high-quality food, made by passionate people, for people who like food.  For *all* kinds of people who like food.  What a novel concept!That truly is the beauty of this place.  You can get something fairly standard, such as your pork loin & green beans & mashed potatoes/gravy or a sandwich laden with fillings.  Or, you can do as I did -- I ordered an a-la-carte meal of steamed mussels in a light tomato broth, a mixed greens salad & a side of their toasted barley & roasted vegetables.  The barley side is a thing of beauty, combining the heft, warmth and savory flavor of a warming winter stew or chili with the lean, whole grain goodness of barley.  It's a basic dish, unadulterated, simultaneously ingenious, rich yet light, and simple.Another astonishing feature of Iron Barley is that their daily specials list is about as long as the main menu.  The day I visited, these included one of the best looking crab cakes I've ever seen, as well as a barley-grain pasta bowl.  The entire list was rattled off by the kindest, most knowledgeable waitress I'd ever seen.  Later, another employee type guy came by to chat for a while, as did the owner.  It's all around inviting; it's excellent for families without turning into the kind of "family restaurant" that's constantly jam packed with screaming kids.  Adults can still feel like this is also a non-oppressive place for grownups.  What it is about Iron Barley, I think, is that it marries the soul of a random, neighborhood comfort food restaurant with the reverence for food and the culinary approach of something out of Northern California.   But there's still no snottiness to be found and something to appeal to every type of diner I can think of.  It's high and low food, all together in one place.There is a bar, as well as a fairly extensive beer list.  They have a large, diverse bottled beer selection (helpfully detailed in a proper beer menu), as well as a pretty decent mix of draught beers.  Honker's Ale went spectacularly with my mussels, and there was also a cask O'Fallon 5 Day IPA from an honest-to-Zarquon hand pump!  That right there is Iron Barley in a microcosm.  It's the kind of place that lets you make your dining experience whatever you want it to be -- if you're in the mood for roasted chicken and a big pile of mashed potatoes, it's there.  If you want a quick sandwich made bey people who understand the sandwich arts, that's there.  If you want something slightly more adventurous, yet still prepared and served with a homey, attention-to-detail touch, well, they have that too.Iron Barley is not to be missed.  It's a manifestation of the regenerating St. Louis city, and embodies this town's growing penchant for combining the basic and the adventurous.
<review# 646,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/26/2009,8/29/2009,65,65,11,8,8>I know, I know, I say this all the time--when you rate/review something, you're making a comparison; I think "x" is amazing because I've had "y." With this in mind, once again, I'm left with a headache inducing conundrum.  Do I rate the Deacon under the "dive bars with food" category, or do I rate them as a regular restaurant? I've been here a few times now, because I wanted to check on their consistency. Here's what I know: 1.) The hummus and sweet potato salsa are both excellent (and I have a firm dislike of sweet potatoes)2.) Their salads, while not amazing, are definitely solid. Kudos to you Deac, for making your own dressings. 3.) The curly dog sandwich is definitely unique, and also delicious. The fish and chips are decent. The veggie boudin burger wasn't to my liking, but then again, I'm the guy that would order "pork" if they offered it as a side dish. However, I'm going to agree with Nowell in saying that it is refreshing to try a veggie burger that doesn't taste like every other veggie burger--the lady seemed to enjoy it. 4.) Their vegan pineapple upside down cake was toted as "so good, you won't know it's vegan." Yes, yes you can tell it's vegan. Fail. Fire your copywriter. 5.) Their jukebox is pretty amazing. Limited selection, but hey, I can't complain since they decided to kick it old school and have a flipping board showing CD cover art (they still have CDs? I kid.). It is no surprise that the last two times i've been here, I've walked in to a fairly large intoxicated woman (different times, different women) singing along to Journey. Hey, it's the Midwest--I'd be happy to be a part of your reindeer games. But seriously, they have some pretty solid jukebox listings. 6.) I love the totally incorrect latin translation for "Saint Louis" in their avatar. I find it either ironically hip, or endearingly retarded.Overall, very decent food for a very good price. This may sound unfair, but the food is too good for a bar. I can't in good faith rate it as anything less than a full blown restaurant. The place is a little more on the "divey" side than I'm used to, but hey, I'm hip. Let me just find my self-deprecating t-shirt that alludes to my 80's youth. I know it's around here somewhere.Gather round kids, because apparently it's Halloween time and I'm handing out 4 star reviews like its candy...
<review# 647,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/4/2008,8/28/2009,165,166,7,13,5>I am so sick of the overpriced, St. Louis Club Sushi crap. I am so sick of waiters who remember you one night, but in a pill popping haze, forget you the next. I'm sick of weak cocktails and vodka drinkers. Enter-Kampai. It's an actual restaurant. With glorious elevator music playing overhead. Lots of wood. Paper floor lamps in the shape of sake bottles. The meals come with soup and salad, which I appreciate greatly. The rolls seem to be a little pricey, but since the food comes with the soup and salad, it cushions the cost a bit. What got them my fifth star were their vegetarian rolls. Their veggie roll might be the best I've ever had. It didn't just include a giant bunch of carrots and cucumbers. It had sweet pumpkin, lots of avocado, carrots, cucumbers, green onions. I will go back for this roll. They also had a veggie tempura roll, which I'm eager to try. Sundries- The service was attentive and kind. Warmed hand wipes make me happy. Lots of elbow room. Full bar. Not too packed. Out of the places I've had sushi in St. Louis, this is my favorite.
<review# 648,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,3/7/2009,8/27/2009,275,429,9,11,10>The water boys at Charlie Gitto's are so overzealous, you might wet the bed the night you eat here.  Not that I have, but I'm just sayin'--watch out for the water boys.  One sip does not make an empty glass.I don't find Charlie Gitto's to be that fancy as there's a TV over the bar and patrons wearing nice jeans, but that's fine by me.  Just don't go expecting Spiaggia and you likely won't be disappointed.  The lighting is dim, the service is generally informed and professional, the prices are spendy, but the portions and quality make it seem reasonable for a nice night out.On our last trip to Charlie Gitto's, I ordered a tortellini dish with a creamy pesto sauce.  It cost around $17, but I had leftovers for TWO more meals.  That's a pretty good deal--three meals for 17 bucks!  My dad had a NY-strip that he raved about for the rest of his visit; Justin's tasty veal saltimbocca lasted two meals and the rest of our party seemed to devour everything on their plates.  Pretty good stuff.  As far as the appetizers go, I know Charlie Gitto's claims to have invented toasted ravioli, but I don't think they're that awesome.  I'd much rather have the ravs at Farotto's than Gitto's.On the walk to the ladies' restroom, I always get distracted by the gelato cooler and so I've passed up other desserts on every trip to sample the gelato.  It's definitely good, but they either keep it too cold or they're not making it right--it just doesn't have that uber-creamy consistency that good gelato should have.  If the damn water boys wouldn't make my trip to the ladies' room so necessary, I might not be mesmerized by the gelato and I could order something else.  Next time, next time...I'd say Charlie Gitto's is a three-star "A-OK" place because, for what you get, the prices seem fair and the food tastes good.  I wouldn't quite say I'm a fan yet because I'm never the one suggesting we visit Charlie Gitto's--but you'll never see me turn it down.  I reserve that for the water boys.
<review# 649,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/12/2009,8/26/2009,19,46,3,7,5>Some background: I am from Mississippi. I know barbecue. My dad built his own smoker/barbecue out of an old refrigerator. My family takes barbecue SERIOUSLY. I love ribs and chicken; my dad also does yummy sausages as well. I never had pulled pork until I moved to STL though; pulled pork was not in our barbecue repertoire in Mississippi, and I admit I have always kind of looked down on pulled pork sandwiches, especially after the rather mediocre ones I have been exposed to here. I have never had barbecue that could best my dad's.Anyhow, Pappy's is located in midtown STL on Olive in an unassuming brick building. We wandered in and found a massive line, this being a Sunday (their biggest business days are weekends). They sell til they run out as the owners don't believe in reheating barbecue and serve everything fresh, so we made sure to get there plenty early. The line moved fairly quickly, but my tummy was growling because the place smelled so good.Finally we were up. C ordered the full slab of ribs accompanied by 2 sides (he chose potato salad and coleslaw) and I got the pulled pork sandwich with cole slaw and sweet potato fries(!). For beverages, they have sodas and sweet and unsweet tea (no beer/alcohol). You place your order at the register and then they prep it and bring it out to you, with the waitress hollering your name so they can find you in the din. Comes out quick and hot, just how I like it. Well the verdict is that I think my dad may have some fierce competition from Pappy. Absolutely wonderful and by far the best pulled pork I've had in the region and possibly ever. It was well smoked, tender, moist and very flavorful without being overly salty. C's ribs were almost falling off the bone tender with the same expert smoke (smoke lines in meat = good) and flavor. I rarely polish off all my food when I dine out (I am the queen of the doggie bag) but be sure that I finished my whole plate, licked my fingers and started creeping over to my husband's plate. Delicious. For the sides, the sweet potato fries were awesome. They were hot, crispy with just a bit of kosher salt. Great flavor and I was amazed how crisp they were, as sweet potato fries can often be well, kind of floppy. The slaw was a nice vinegary one with a hint of sweetness, perfect if you want to do your sandwich "Carolina style" (putting the slaw on the sandwich). The potato salad was mustard based and well flavored as well. BTW the other sides include deep fried corn on the cob and baked beans. They also have that midwestern classic the Frito Pie on the menu as well.So my recommendation is to hightail it to Pappy's. My husband liked it so much he went back the next day for lunch with my mother in law. Yum yum.
<review# 650,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/12/2010,1/22/2011,19,43,5,10,7>The owners of Cheese-ology are geniuses.  A restaurant that only has one of my favorite meals, my namesake, Macaroni & Cheese.  This moment is truly the high-water mark for Macaroni fans such as myself.  It has been a long road up since the Nadir, when Kraft tried to change the name to Cheese & Macaroni.Cheese-ology serves 15 different types of Mac & Cheese.  I had the Bacon Bacon, which is Mozzarella + Gruyere Cheese plus big thick slices of Bacon.  It was fantastic.  I got a large size because I was very hungry and it was probably a little too much.  My wife got the Santa Fe (Jack Cheese, Chicken, Corn, Black Bean Salsa) which I thought was very good.  Other versions that I can't wait to try is the Philly Cheesesteak, Shrimp Scampi and Chicken Cordon Blue.They have you order at the front and then they bring your meal.  It was pretty quick.  Staff seemed very friendly.  You can also add a salad to your meal.  It would be nice if you could get whole-wheat pasta, hopefully down the road.  One of my friends spoke to the owners who said they will probably offer other foods soon, but for now its Mac & Cheese bliss.  Now all St Louis needs is a BLT restaurant and I will have all my bases covers.
<review# 651,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/26/2010,1/21/2011,18,55,11,9,8>Porter's is a tiny hole in the wall restaurant right off of Shrewsbury and Big Bend- across the street from the McDonalds and shares the strip mall with a laundromat. Inside the restaurant it's dim and dingy looking (it's dingy *looking*, not dirty!) reminding me of an old diner.BUT! I can't stress enough how EXCELLENT this place is! The receptionist is extremely friendly and helpful. The service is lightning fast. And the chicken is some of the finest fried chicken I've ever had!The outside is covered in crispy, delicious batter and the chicken inside is juicy and tender. I'm not sure how they season it, but everything just taste right- THIS. IS. FRIED. CHICKEN. PERIOD!I get the chicken dinner box which comes with a roll, mashed potatoes and coleslaw. I don't care for coleslaw so I never eat it. The mashed potatoes are your average fare with white gravy (white? yellow? I just know it's not brown gravy!) and the roll is probably store bought, but it's soft and (*INSERT A WORD MEANING THE OPPOSITE OF DRY HERE*).But if the chicken is the star of the show, the encore is the Corn Fritters. These are essentially hush puppies (deep fried breading) with corn inside them. They combine the texture of crispy breading with the (*INSERT ABOVE WORD*), creaminess of corn. For less than $10 bucks, you bet I'll be back the next time a craving for old fashioned fried chicken strikes. I may want to get it to go and eat someplace less drab, but I'll definitely be back!*NOTE: Sorry for the madlibs in this review. But the only word I could think of to describe what I felt is a word some have an aversion to. Sort of like how epileptics shouldn't be exposed to strobe lights. For those of you still curious, that word is moi##..
<review# 652,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,9/9/2010,1/20/2011,60,293,5,5,6>When Schlafly's neighborhood tour came to our area we took the opportunity to try some place new and that place ended up being The Bleeding Deacon. From reading Jackie, Abby and Timothy's reviews I was pretty excited, a dive bar with some not so dive bar food offerings. Since we came here for the Schlafly's Neighborhood tour, we ordered up a couple of Schlafly's Hefeweizen to enjoy while we sat on the patio. My only complaint about the beer was it wasn't nearly as cold as I would have liked it. It was still before 7 so they had a few of their apps on a Happy Hour special for $3 so we opted to go with the hummus and wings. The hummus was nothing special, just a plain hummus which isn't a bad thing. The wings were interesting, we went with the house wing sauce and while it was a hot wing, it had a hint of smokiness to them that sets it apart from typical wings. One note about the menus is that they are old record jackets, which I thought was pretty cool and went well with the decor that's inside. Like Abby I had a hard time deciding what I wanted for dinner, and narrowed it down to three choices by go time. They were the fish and chips, the meatloaf and the Angus Butter Burger. Since the waitress did a bit of a happy dance when I mentioned the meatloaf I figured I had to give that a try. It came out loaded with green beans and lumpy mashed potatoes, some real comfort food. I eagerly took a bite of the meatloaf and was overwhelmed by the flavor from rosemary. I'm not sure if it normally has that much rosemary in it, but it was a bit overpowering for me and had me wishing I had went with one of my other choices. Now, Stephanie B had this amazing looking and tasting grilled cheese that we have resolved to try and recreate at home, though I doubt we will pull it off nearly as well as the BD does.  I won't steal anymore of her thunder, but I'm starting to think I need to ask her what she plans to order each time and order that before she can as I end up with food envy more often than not when we go out. All in all I enjoyed our experience at the BD, the pints were cheap, the menu was very reasonably priced and offered up many tasty sounding choices. I think i settled on 3 stars instead of 4 because I went in with some expectation based on other reviews and what I ordered just didn't quite live up to those expectations. I think I will have to stumble back here some day and give them another shot because I think I will be pleasantly surprised if I do.
<review# 653,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/19/2010,1/19/2011,238,242,3,15,10>Eat-Rite Diner is a St. Louis institution  Be warned, it is a hole in the wall greasy spoon and not for the fainthearted.  Open 24 hours, an employee will "buzz" the door to let you in after dark.  St. Louis' finest blue collar workers and bar hoppers have been going here for generations. When dining at eat-rite, there is one thing everyone should try at least once in their life..."The Slinger".  The slinger to St. Louis is like the cheese-steak to Philly. You can find slingers all over St. Louis in various formations, but the one at Eat-Rite is a more traditional version and one of the best.The Eat-Rite Slinger consists of two sausage patties, two eggs cooked to order, and grilled potatoes all smothered in chili. You also get a side of toast with melted butter brushed on; perfect for wiping the plate clean.  I always order my slinger with onions on top, and sometimes cheese.  It's best with eggs over easy, and I also douse a generous amount of hot-sauce on top to make the perfect late night drunken delight.  I have a few friends who even get a cheeseburger on the side with their slinger.  The burgers look small and unimpressive, but are actually good ole diner burgers.Service has always been top notch over the year. Betty was the late night anchor who was there for years, however she passed away some time ago. On my most recent visit, a very hard working friendly lady served up 8 slingers in no time for a group of us. The place is very small, but the prices are also.  I think my slinger cost $5.95, so check it out if you enjoy this kind of place and want to see some St. Louis culture, or avoid at all costs if you scare easily or scoff at dirty greasy spoons.  No tables, the only seating is at the bar, but you get to watch all the action.  An old pinball machine and jukebox are also crammed into the tight space.
<review# 654,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/20/2010,1/18/2011,59,303,7,7,2>Downtown can be dead on Tuesday nights, but that didn't stop Mizu from offering a wonderful experience with great food.For some reason or another, a few of its servers were hanging outside. They smiled and one of them opened the door for us, which is surprising since that rarely happens for me Downtown.Our server was very polite and offered us a seat at the sushi bar so we can see our food in action. At first, I thought she was just pawning off a two-top off to another server but she stuck with us to the end. Her knowledge of the menu and the genuine way she described her favorite items sold us on a Dragon Ball, which was supposed to be an appetizer, but can be eaten as a meal. It was a tempura battered, deep-fried monster roll that seemed more like a burrito than sushi roll... Until they let it rest and cut it into ginormous, futomaki-on-steroids slices. Inside was a mass of neo-sushi, spice-creaminess finished with a crisp. Lovely... But was a TON of food.Thankfully, a cup of very strong green tea hit the spot after that kind of spicy madness.We ordered a chef's choice sushi plate and unagi (eel) bowl. What I really liked was that the server suggested that we share the sushi plate and treat the unagi bowl like another course, which is what we normally do at sushi places but was a welcome understanding of the logistics of preparing sushi (fast) compared to the assembly of a good unagi bowl (more about that in a bit).The sushi chef was friendly and let us take photos of him while he sliced his way into our heart via sushi, which was fresh and just above room temperature. The delicate nigiri and rolls were served on top of a drizzle of sweet soy sauce, which just the right amount to accent the fish and rice without dipping them into soy ourselves. Our unagi bowl was simply fantastic. Probably the prettiest unagi bowl in town in my opinion. The eel wasn't overdone and was a healthy portion. It was garnished with two large slices of VERY tasty tamago (japanese omelet), shrimp, seaweed strips, and a wonderfully seasoned rice (not my favorite sushi rice, but up there). My only concern was that the plate might have been a little too busy for what I might consider a comfort food.Now, on to dessert!Our server suggested that we get the deep fried green tea ice cream. Yes, it was more fried stuff, but hey, she was on a roll with her menu choices. When this "dessert" came out, I blurted:"You're f***ing kidding me??"She smiled and set down this bowl, containing a meteoric fried ball of green tea ice cream, which seemed to be coated in white cake batter, panko crusted and deep fried. Slice that in half for a dramatic effect and throw some whipped cream in there and you have yourself a COMMITMENT.The only downside to Mizu is that while I love the way they're liberal with their portions, it's not what I want when I go out for sushi (most times). A sushi outing should be an appreciation of fresh sea food, and complete satisfaction. While I experienced both fresh and satisfaction, my distended belly made me realize that I over ordered. The next time around, I'll be more conservative on what I order.Great place!
<review# 655,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/11/2010,1/16/2011,110,87,2,10,5>This place is pretty good.  Ok I loved lots of this place.  We went during the olympics and we spent half of the time talking amongst ourselves and half the time talking to the wait staff and bartender about the olympics.  Kudos to them for not kicking us out when they should have because 6 of us including 4 staff watched an event to the end.  AWESOME customer service.  Like everyone says.... Get the steak fajitas.  No perhaps you didn't understand me... GET THE STEAK FAJITAS.  Absolutely killer.  Trust me, you'll thank me as soon as you get in front of your computer.The margaritas were decent.  The chips had some salt to them which is nice but the salsa was not my cup of tea.  It's like a salsa paste rather than the chunky veggie and flavor goodness that I like.
<review# 656,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/9/2010,1/15/2011,27,82,8,9,5>So my boyfriend suggested we go to Fountain on Locust yesterday for some ice cream.I tried to sound nonchalant, but I was really like a 7-year-old going Ohboyohboyohboy are we there yet? and wondering what I was going to order.A phosphate? A simple scoop?A martini?A double-decker-all-out 5-person concoction (with one spoon, please)?I ended up getting the Coconut Almond Joy Sundae. Oh my goodness it was incredible: chunks of soft coconut, tons of chocolate-covered almonds, and dense coconut ice cream, topped off with homemade whipped cream and really good hot fudge. The boyfriend's Dark and Sinister tasted like frozen dark chocolate pudding. Delicious. It's always a treat coming in here to sit in the mood lighting, gawk over the decor, and generally feel like you're stepping back in time while enjoying some of the best ice cream treats in town. This is a place to take your SO, your friends, your parents, everyone. Its location on Locust is a little random, but still easy to find. I know there's all this hype about their pretty restrooms, but be warned: the locks on the stalls are just for show. A girl unceremoniously threw open the doors to what I thought was my very locked stall. Screaming ensued. What a buzzkill.I haven't had their food or had the pleasure of showing up for burlesque bingo yet, but I plan on coming back to the Fountain time and time again. The ice cream is too good; the visits are too fun. If you find yourself in Midtown, it's definitely worth a visit.
<review# 657,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/12/2010,1/14/2011,361,578,8,6,4>Kent: You know what the best part of this place is? Me: What?Kent: It's a steak house that's actually in a house! Me: I'm going to use that in my Yelp review. ----It was last Wednesday night. Steak had been on my mind since my friend mentioned Citizen Kane's as being his favorite restaurant - mind you, I had watched this friend order fried rice and specifically asked for 'no vegetables.' It had to be good, right? A meat aficionado recommended it. The first thing you notice when you get out of your car is the smell... Delicious. Roasted. Meaty. Mmmm... My friend (Kent C.) and I were seated immediately (I had made a reservation about an hour before). Our waiter (Matt) was fabulous. I ordered the ribeye, which was touted as being a bit fattier (so the cut was more generous), but more flavorful than the house specialty (the NY strip) my companion ordered. As I ate my salad (with the Mayfair dressing - basically a richer, creamier caesar-style dressing) and Kent dipped bread in his beef and cheddar soup, we watched the happenings around us. Kent: Oh my god.Me: What?K: I think that's the ribeye...Me: Oh my god. When our steaks got to the table, the first thing Kent did was stick his face in it (well, close to it). It smelled amazing. Me: Your steak's so big. It's the size of a fetus. My creamed spinach was so creamy that it was more cream-colored than spinach-colored. My steak was... beyond words. Kent's steak was good, too. A little denser, if that's your thing. It was cooked just as asked (a true medium-rare). I smiled all through the next day just thinking about it. I'm smiling now. Yum... Can't wait to go back. Maybe this week...
<review# 658,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/19/2010,1/13/2011,456,314,5,6,7>I am here with the famous Chip KI went with the above person and his wife my DIL(the Beautiful Bridget) and my wife the Diva Donna. Short and sweet.  The food here is from another world.  We  I guess Brazil is another world and you are very much there and eating the food.  My son the Famous Chip K  had a groupon to YB.  To make a long story short. The owner knows me and was over at the table being her normal charming self and asking how everything was going.  It comes time to pay the bill and Chipper gives me the coupon.  My response silence.  Hell Chippie baby I can't use a coupon and have Lemya think I was only here for a discount.  Just sounds gouache.  Yep ol full retail Paul reared his ugly head and paid full retail.  I told the Famous Chip K and  the Beautiful Bridget to use the coupon some other time.  Chip(a computer engineer) is giving me his best Spock imitation of this does not compute.  Kind of funny.  So after oh about 10 min. of explaining he "said" he understood. Hmmm.
<review# 659,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/4/2010,1/12/2011,165,166,9,7,7>Wilmore Park is my new go-to evening park. First of all, there aren't many people around. I get a sense that it's mostly people from the surrounding neighborhoods. It's so great for joggers like myself because:1) It's scenic! There are several man-made, stocked ponds that leisure fisherman like to drop a line in. Ducks and water fowl (during the fall migration, this was particularly cool). Lots of trees, smallish hills, twists and turns. Basically a lot to look at when you're trying not to think about how much pain you're in.2) No (few) cyclists! A major plus for me after having a few close calls (fist fights) with cyclists at other *ahem* parks.3) Open late! Can't get to the park in time for dusk? No problem here! You'll want to take precautions while jogging at night, but it's available! I hate getting bitched out by parks n' rec for being at a park past dusk. 4) Pavilions! With barbeque pits! Since my fiancé and I live with the fam right now, we relish any true alone time we can get. We've been known to pack our groceries, pick up some charcoal and squat at a pavilion for the afternoon. 5) Outdoor fire pit! We have yet to use this, but there is a permanent, stone structure with a fire pit in the middle. It's been calling my name for weeks. 6) Recycling center: Lots of apartments a surrounding homes may not have curb-side recycling.I truly love this park. Sure, it could use a little TLC, but I think that's part of its charm. My only true complaint is that the only bathroom I know of is the creepiest, rapist, zombie bathroom you will ever see in your life! There are no doors on the "stalls". No toilet paper that any respectable woman would use (on the floor!). The toilets are aluminum with no seats! It is dirty, dirty, dirty. I do think there's another one, but it's further down the trail and I'm already well into my work out by then. Pee before you leave the house and watch for goose poop! You'll be golden.
<review# 660,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/24/2012,11/2/2012,120,145,,8,3>I make it here on a weekly basis.  We are always greeted with a smile when we come in.  We always set in the bar area, but they have a nice dining area that is separate from the bar and a back room that will accommodate around 50 people if you need to have a meeting.  The other bonus of this place is the covered patio that fills up very fast in the spring and fall.  The service has consistently been good over the years of eating here.  Most of the bar tenders bring our drinks before we even get a chance to sit down.  The McDowell's Pizza is something you need to try, it's like a cheese burger pizza that is fantastic.  They also have many healthier items along with a gluten free menu if you request it.If you are a sports fan they have flat screen TVs in about every direction to keep you from missing any of the action.  It's a great place, you should give it a try!
<review# 661,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/4/2012,11/1/2012,114,218,4,6,5>Although I have yet to sit in the Fox and Hound Tavern, I do love their food and drinks! How is that possible you may be thinking? Well, when it's 90-some-odd degrees out, you go lay out by the pool and the lovely bartender (I'm sure there is more than one but so far I have only had Sarah), comes out and takes your order! For a moment, it feels like I am on vacation. Then I look up and see the giant Amoco sign, and the feeling is long gone.  I believe the Fox and Hound tavern looks the same as it did before, but the pool area got a makeover during the major Cheshire remodel and although it's a bit small, it is pretty darn cute. Really comfortable chairs, clean pool water, a nice pool floor design and of course yummy poolside food and drinks.I normally don't order mixed drinks but on my first trip here it was a scorcher and beer just didn't sound refreshing. I ordered a mojito. And then 3 more. They are GOOD! Off their menu I have tried their pulled chicken sandwich and the fish sandwich. Both were scrumptious. However, if I had to pick a favorite it would probably be the pulled chicken sandwich. The barbecue sauce that comes on it is out of this world good! The french fries are damn good too! I foresee myself spending many a hot afternoon here this summer, gulping down cold cocktails and working on my tan.
<review# 662,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/13/2012,10/31/2012,101,271,,6,7>Hands down some of the best Mexican food I have had! We went here for a belated Anniversary dinner, and we were really happy that we waited.I have had some pretty lousy fish tacos before and the Original Fish tacos here are really incredible! They are really crispy and full of flavor.When we first walked in I didn't have a great feeling because the guy that was the host asked if we wanted to sit inside or outside and when we said inside he said in a less than enthused way "sit wherever" I was like OK I hope this gets better.But by the end of our visit we were really happy with the service, Food and general feeling of the place.Our waitress was really good and she kept out drinks full and chips flowing. Also there was a younger guy that helped out and was really nice. My wife is somewhat of a picky eater and she loved everything. We ordered the Queso Blanco Americano Cheese dip and it was Delicious! and it was Half price for happy hour! I also liked the Salsa bar.Best new place we have had in a while! I will be back to Tango with the Queso Blanco For sure!!
<review# 663,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/23/2012,10/30/2012,172,294,,7,4>This is thus far my favorite Pi space. It has 27 feet high ceilings, a large patio and sidewalk space, and really nifty razed barn wood paneling around the bar area. I love how open the space seems and how it flows. I came here for their soft opening and we got a salad, a pizza, and a dessert. All was fanstastic. The ozark forest salad had mushrooms and sun-dried tomatoes. I need to figure out how they made their mushrooms b/c they were SO good. There was plenty of vinaigrette on each leaf not an overwhelming amount. If you don't like dressing, probably ask them to go a bit lighter on it. For me, it was delicious. The pizza was great too. It's called the western something. I can't remember. It had spinach, ricotta, and everything else you expect on a pizza. Very good. Finally, the dessert. Since I was at the soft opening and it included a dessert, we ordered the vanilla panne cotta. It was SO good. I wasn't 100% sure what it was... so I asked our waitress and after describing it, I wanted to try it. She said she hadn't had it either and told us to tell her how it was. She brought us spoons and another waitress brought us the dessert. By the time she got back to us, there was no more panne cotta left. And I was trying to eat it slow! It was THAT good. Then again, it was my first time having panne cotta. :)All in all, this place is fantastic. I'd be here very often if it weren't  a bit far for me.
<review# 664,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/24/2012,10/29/2012,319,681,1,7,6>1860's is a restaurant/bar located in a historic building at the corner of 9th and Geyer in the bar district of Soulard.  It has been around for awhile and is known primarily as a live music venue, specializing, but not limited to Blues music.They have three rooms with different themes.  All have their own outside entrance.  The corner room is a small old world bar and music hub.  The middle room is a game room,  and the 3rd room (Hardshell Cafe)  seems to have been a converted courtyard.  It has skylights and a large bar.  It's a little more bohemian and colorful.  Very hokie.  I like the bar in here the best.  It's like a neighborhood bar with jukebox and food. Lots of natural light during the day.  You feel like you are outside. The food is generally Cajun and sandwiches.  Most everything has a spicy aioli on it.  I'm not a big fan.  It all tastes a bit heavy and rich to me and the only flavor you get across the board is the aioli.  They do have jambalaya and gumbo that is ok..Positives:  Location, location, location. Popular pub crawl stop in the bar district.   Live music.  Negatives:  The Food
<review# 665,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/30/2012,10/28/2012,172,101,,8,4>Went here last weekend for a bachelorette party dinner. I never really head to Saint Charles, so I has no idea what to expect. The food was great! We started off with a great cheese plate - I highly recommend the Manchego cheese; which was paired with apples, olives and fresh bread. We also enjoyed their tomato hummus, as well as their Lobster Bisque which I highly recommend.The entrées were decent sizes, and everyone loved what was set in front of them.The only complaint I had was that the staff seemed a little clueless at times, and made a mistake on the bill - which she said she was going to correct.And on my 45 minute ride home I realized she did not correct it - even though I reminder her during the meal, when we were finished and even when I got the bill in my hand. Obviously partially my fault for not reading it closer before signing, but I surely thought "how can she forget that after I asked so many times?"I would still go back, and recommend it - but just warn people to look at their breakdown list before throwing the credit card in :)
<review# 666,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/11/2012,10/27/2012,130,56,5,5,4>I like The Mud House.  I know I will get a great cup of coffee and good food.  I came here for their American Breakfast.   I love the toasted wheat-whatever bread with jam. The bacon was thick and cooked crisp but not too crisp.  The scrambled eggs could have been a little less cooked- but hey, they were just fine.  The potatoes were  really great- i don't think they were roasted but they were still very nice.  My only complaint is the fork.  It was forged steel- industrial- i couldn't even spear my scrambled eggs.  This is the second fork in a restaurant Ive encounter like this in a week.  If i ever go to prison I'm hoping to smuggle in that fork.  I'm sure i could dig my way out.   Am i the only person to notice this?No matter, I will continue to go to The Mud House cause i like it.
<review# 667,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/17/2012,10/26/2012,75,154,6,8,3>Can't say enough good things about this place!!!I had two friends visiting from out of town this weekend and figured that was the perfect excuse to finally make it to Half & Half since I had heard nothing but good things about it, besides long waits on the weekends.  Surprisingly though the 3 of us went at prime-time (10 AM on a Saturday) and the wait was only 30 minutes.  This gave us the perfect amount of time to run to one of the stores next door and browse around.  On a side note, this clothing store (forgot the name, sorry!) had a miniature potbelly pig running around...cute but a little weird if you ask me.  I was fingering through some clothes and kept hearing little snorty oinks and thought I was going crazy until this little thing came right up behind me.  Weird...Anyway, back to the important things....the food at Half & Half was outstanding.  One of my friends and I both chose the veggie hash and my other friend opted for the oatmeal.  The hash included perfectly spiced potatoes with crunchy roasted brussels sprouts, all of which was covered which 2 ooey gooey eggs....yum!  The oatmeal was also great, lots of fresh fruit making it a perfect summer brunch choice.In addition to the food, staff was friendly and efficient....what more could you ask for?!?!?
<review# 668,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/17/2012,10/25/2012,527,814,5,9,8>A coupon brought me back and they've now earned a spot on my Crispy Chicken List. We ordered the Spicy Crispy and our pieces were huge. They had the right amount of breading giving the chicken a flavorful crispy coating and a juicy meaty inside. The spicy flavoring beats Popeye's any day of the week. In fact, when I was leaving I think I saw him at the drive-up window. As our side dishes we always choose mashed potatoes and gravy and cole slaw. I can not imagine eating fried chicken without smashed taters. If I want green beans, I just open a can at home or steam some fresh ones .  Lee's also gets bonus points for offering their livers as a side order.  Some other places only offer them as a meal and that is way to much liver for me. This customer service on my last visit was impressive. The cashier was friendly and knew the importance of add on sales. As I ordered my ice tea she grinned and said, "I'm glad you ordered tea today, I was going to recommend it to you." As she processed my order, her coworkers were busy getting it ready. I seriously had no wait time at all. They were one well oiled machine, working as a team. I've praised their sweet ice tea before and I'll do it again.......I LOVE IT!
<review# 669,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/31/2012,10/24/2012,148,199,4,10,8>I swoon when there are so many interesting meat options - Speck, Fenneled Sausage, Pancetta and heaps of Prosciutto.... Hammy Heaven!Don't get all cave-manly on the vegetarian t-ravs, they are far more tender and savory than your standard minced-meat variety. The Prosciutto Spring Rolls are mouthwatering, the pizza dough is a nice balance of fluffy/firmness - one of the more interesting ones I tried was the Apple, Fontina, Prosciutto Pie - it had an almost savory apple pie vibe and I swear the crust was a bit different for this sweeter pizza. I guess what I like the most is that the ingredients are true to description, you don't be seeing any whippets of basil or lifeless tomatoes. Oh, and that pesto is killer - nice and thick, puts my own version to shame...
<review# 670,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/11/2013,2/23/2013,103,317,12,13,11>You're never too old to go on a bar crawl, especially in Soulard!Mandie M. was a little aghast at my lack of familiarity of the good bars in Soulard (previously defined as, "Social House IS in Soulard, right?" And yes, you can laugh at that.), so one night she and I decided to go on a bar crawl. The details get a little fuzzy because I am a heavy lightweight so you'll have to bear with me. This was our first stop, and it was pretty empty when we first arrived. We went straight to the patio, which apparently is the place to be. It has the feel of someone's backyard, someone's hi-tech backyard, as it's rigged with a projector so you can watch ESPN while drinking. I like. Lots of mosquitoes that night, I remember, because the closer I got to finishing my beer, the more I wanted bug spray and citronella on the tables. Otherwise, it's like Soulard's Secret Garden. We did have to go to the counter to order, but that's okay...I'm always a little confused at bars when they actually take your orders at the tables. Reading the other reviews, I've realized that I rarely go to bars just to eat, but I'm going to have to come back and have some Great Grizzly Balls! They didn't have live music there that night, but I hear that they sometimes do, along with Happy Hour and the usual bar stuff, including a shuttle to Cards games, which I think is the best idea ever invented.Oh. And FYI, there are STEPS when you leave the bar. Just saying.
<review# 671,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/18/2013,2/22/2013,76,328,5,6,4>My co-workers and I hit Patrick's for a Friday happy hour.  I hadn't been to this location since 2011, when it was Pujols 5.  Perhaps it was the alcohol, or perhaps it really was that great, but we had a wonderful time!First of all - shout out for keeping my favorite menu item from a past visit - the Hall of Fame Salad (formerly the Pujols Salad yelp.com/biz/pujols-5-gr…) - yum!Now - our recent visit.  I appreciated the extensive list of happy hour specials including half price apps, $3 margaritas, $5 wines and martinis, and beer specials.  As a non-beer drinker, my wallet is often depressed by the lack of non-beer discounts.  Happy hour goes until 7 - not too shabby!  We enjoyed apps of skins, sliders, chipotle chicken nachos, et al.  Everyone seemed happy, and from what I had, all was tasty.  Our waitress was much more attentive, and the bar staff was obviously much more adept than the ones when I previously visited Pujols 5.If this continues, I'll be happy to bring people back for another happy hour!
<review# 672,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/4/2012,2/21/2013,42,79,8,7,6>So this place is like the ultra of ultra of creepy.  It's super hidden in this run-down strip mall that you might drive past if you didn't know it was there and the parking lot looks super sketch.  I was a little nervous to even walk in!  Once inside it was a very bare, small, kinda dirtyish store with nobody in sight - kinda felt weird.  They came out right away though and we ordered our food.  The menu is very small - like maybe 10 items? I'm not sure, anyways, I got the chicken curry and naan (I LOVE NAAN!)The curry was very good and somewhat spicey.  I liked it a lot.  The chicken was very tasty and cooked well HOWEVER and this is a huge HOWEVER since it is a butcher shop and they cut up all their meat on the spot, there is likely to be random bones in the meat where you least expect it.  This makes it slightly difficult to eat (esp if you have braces and can't bite into things well or bite things off a bone well).  I had to use two forks and a plate to shred the meat to make sure there wasn't a hidden bone.  That said, the dish was great.  The naan was huge, fluffy, and very good.  Glad they added it to the menu.  I did eat some of my friends rice with the curry and it was pretty legit as well.Side note: the random tables that were in there to eat at had table clothes with cupcakes and sprinkles on them....kinda random! HAHA.  Also, the whole butcher shop inside the store is kinda off putting cuz when you're eating all of a sudden you hear a whack whack whack and it's kinda funky monkey. but whatevs. if you don't mind going to a sketch place with a butcher shop inside to order legit ethnic food then def stop on by!
<review# 673,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/30/2012,2/19/2013,456,314,8,9,8>Went with the wife and dear friends to Brio.  The outside drink area was just jumping with energy and people having a happy happy hour or two.  We had a fine waiter Brian who was outstanding.  You come here and want to try different things and I thought what the  heck I will go to Brio's and have steak.  Somehow this made total sense to me at the time.  Don't know why I got it after looking at the the pasta dishes that were well priced.For starters I had the minestrone soup.  It was vegetable soup no meat.  Boy it was nice.  Really enjoyed it.  I don't know if you know this or not but when you turn 60 there is a rule that you must order soup with your meal.  Just letting you all know.The strip steak was served with gorgonzola cheese on top.  Brian the server asked me to cut the steak to make sure it was cooked to my liking.  I being an obtuse old man said nah it will be fine.  And it was.  The biggest surprise I had with my steak was the grilled vegetables.  Oh my! had the grill flavor and a touch of garlic.  No room for desert but did get a nice show from Brian on all the options.  Did a nice job but too full to partake.
<review# 674,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/5/2012,2/18/2013,413,665,17,16,17>My last experience here was so amazing that my brain blocked it out because it couldn't handle how awesome it was all at once. It has slowly been releasing this information to me since Food Truck Friday as I become strong enough to handle the shock waves of awesomeness these cupcakes send through my system.If you know me at all, you know I hate cupcakes. It's the paper. They are messy. I just don't get them.But clearly none of that will stand between me and one of these things.I remember being slightly disappointed when I saw the list of flavors available at the last FTF. None of them seemed crazy enough. Food trends are starting to kill my food buzz, man. But whatever the Hell I got was amazing. Seriously. I think it was called a snack cake. It looked like one of those Little Debbie cakes you can buy for like a quarter. I was like damn, I could get a whole box of ding dongs for the price of one of these things. Little did I know that a Sarah's Cake Stop snack cake is to a Little Debbie what Josh Groban is to Ke$ha.The worst decision I ever made was only getting one. If you ever get a chance to hit this truck, ask how many they have left of the cupcake you want, and get all of them. That's the best advice I can give you.
<review# 675,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/2/2012,2/17/2013,179,67,4,20,12>I rolled up to the west corner of Washington and Jefferson where some new loft construction had recently taken place.  The area I was in seemed hardly suitable for a restaurant.  Looking up, I spotted the sign for The Rustic Goat.  The building it is in was freshly painted in a golden yellow and the entrance maintained most of its antique frame.  I entered into the waiting area and was greeted by a server who was ready to direct me to my table.  However, I was a little distracted and in awe.  The exact thing that I most anticipated about a new restaurant venture was strewn before me.  The first thing I spotted was the giant stainless steel microphone sitting on a raised white cog shaped stage in the center of the room.  Comfy white couches lined the far wall and touched of green, yellow, and orange danced along the windows, cascading their light across the floor.  The kitchen was open, revealing two chefs busily preparing for the lunch service with shiny, new appliances behind them.  This place looked magnificent, and I could spend the rest of the day trying to describe it to you.  But, alas, this is a food blog and as I sat there staring in awe, my stomach grumbled and returned me to reality.  I turned to the server and asked if I could sit at the bar.Seated, but still taking awkward moments to look around, I asked my server if I could speak to the chef.  She obliged and the Executive Chef, Lee, arrived and I told him that I was looking for his best, letting him know that I was planning on writing it up (I'm not the type to surprise anyone).  We went over the american fusion with a southern twist menu, and we settled on the Braised Beef Short Rib.  After a few minutes I was presented, surprisingly  with their version of shrimp and grits, which on presentation and smell alone was great.  Two plump, juicy shrimp sat upon a golden mound of stone ground plantation raised grits.  A light brown rue, called a creole shrimp sauce, was spooned over the top of that and dressed with scallions and andouille.  I sank my fork into this southern classic and sampled some of the grits.  The texture was spot on, and the grits were perfectly cooked.  The second bite consisted of all of the elements and they all sang in harmony with sweet notes from the shrimp and corn, and the salt and spice from the sausage.  Finishing it all off was the beautiful velvety sauce that tied it all together.  Lee had made an excellent choice by bringing me this dish, as it's easily my favorite shrimp and grits in Saint Louis, so far.Extremely pleased by my first dish, I anxiously awaited the next.  My short ribs were ready, and presented to me with the same meticulous attention to presentation that the shrimp and grits had undergone.  A beautifully braised piece of beef short rib was surrounded by a chayote slaw and golden brown hush puppy.  Having never tried chayote, a Brazilian squash, I grabbed a bite of that to begin with.  It was cool, and crisp with the flavor of celery seed rounding off every bite.  I wanted to keep eating it, but realized that I had other item on my plate to tackle.  Moving on to the short rib I attempted to separate a bite from the bone, but the beef didn't budge.  This was a little disconcerting as a perfectly braised short rib should fall off the bone in breathtakingly tender form.  After a little work I separated beef from bone and cut off my first slice, swirling it in the carolina bbq sauce on the plate.  The meat wasn't as tender as I had hoped and the sauce lacked a bit in flavor.    It was good, but I've had my fair share of phenomenal short ribs in my time, and with a little work could be better.  The hush puppy was the last item on my plate, and I divided it in half exposing the fluffy yellow center.  I popped a half in my mouth and was greeted by the crunch of the fried cornmeal crust, the cake like texture of the center, and the heat of jalapeno.  Overall, the dish was good with the sides taking a bit of the spotlight from the short rib itself.As if I hadn't already been treated well enough, a chocolate layer cake was presented to me.  This cake was a layer of chocolate cake, Kahlua buttercream, flourless chocolate ganache, passion fruit lemon curd, and another layer of cake.  It was dressed with a fresh sliced strawberry, a caramel whipped with goat cheese, and homemade whipped cream.  All of this
<review# 676,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/24/2013,2/16/2013,276,184,3,9,7>+ Fantastic, accommodating service + reservations + Communal tables great for groups+ Menu options great for sharing+ Well-curated drink menuI first came to Basso for a Yelp Elite event earlier this month and was so impressed by the environment and the crowd-pleasing menu options that I booked a reservation on the spot for a girl's night out. I made my reservation at the restaurant with Patricia Wamhoff, the beverage director. I called back later to change the party size of my group, and worked with the reservationist on the phone to accommodate my party of 18 girls. Basso has 2 long communal tables that accommodate about 12-14 (or 10, comfortably). We had reserved only 1 of the long tables, but were told that we could take over the 2nd table once the earlier-reserved guests left.Basso's atmosphere is trendy but super casual and not pretentious at all. I love the rustic wood decor and open kitchen. The food is meant for sharing - pizzas, pastas, a diverse selection of small plates and appetizers. And they make it easy for you to share too. Our server was AMAZING. With our group of 18 girls, she was able to keep track of everyone's orders down to the individual drinks that each girl had, and gave us separate checks at the end. It is so nice to not have to deal with splitting a check for a large group by yourself. The food itself was top-notch. My favorite pizza is THE DONALD - it comes with a duck egg and white truffle and is so decadent and savory. The lobster arancinis are perfect little small bites. The calamari is tender and chewy and well-seasoned. If you are vegetarian, however, be sure to ask your server which dishes contain meat as one of the girls in my group was surprised to find pancetta/ham in her risotto dish, which she believed to be vegetarian. Pastas come in small and large sizes, which is great if you wanted to try just a little of everything. There is a small but well-curated list of crafted cocktails with interesting ingredients and flavors. I had the MISTLETOE SMASH, which contained blood orange, mezcal, apple, cranberry, & rosemary. It was aptly strong and I loved the floating fresh cranberries. If you're not into cocktails, there is a strong selection of beers and wines to please every palate. We had a fabulous girl's night at Basso! Can't wait to be back.[[ Note: parking is valet only for $4 ]]
<review# 677,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/10/2012,2/15/2013,116,188,7,17,15>Oh man, where do I even begin?  How can I possibly capture the awesomeness of my experience with Fork & Stix with a mere Yelp review?  Let's say that it was the culinary equivalent to a home run.  No, a grand slam.  A playoff game-winning grand slam.  In the bottom of the 9th. If you like Thai food, you are most likely familiar with Thai iced tea that is made w/ condensed milk.  Well F&S has another version of that, but made with lime juice instead of the milk.  I was blown away by my first sip.  It had all the delicious flavor of the milky version, but was lighter, colder, and much more refreshing.  I can't wait for the opportunity to drink this on a hot summer day.  Garnishing with a lime wedge was a great touch. Along with a fresh & spicy papaya salad, we started with an order of Hoy Jaw -- the fried pork dumplings.  These were fantastic, crispy outside and soft & steamy in the middle, served with a delicious dipping sauce.We got two northern Thai curries for entrees.  The first was the Khao Soi (w/ chicken).  If it's your first time here, I highly suggest you get this.  It is more like a noodle soup with a coconut-milk based curry broth, but unlike any coconut-milk curry I've tasted before. It came in a huge pho-sized bowl and had crispy noodles on top.  I can't find words to describe the rich comforting flavor of this curry.  I never knew you could purchase pure nirvana for 8 measly dollars.  Everyone needs to try this.  You choose between chicken and beef.  I believe you can get a vegetarian version with tofu, but call ahead to make sure.The second curry was the Kaeng Hung Leh.  This was not coconut milk-based.  It had chunks of pork belly and pork loin which were ridiculously tender and delicious.  The flavor of this curry was so spot on.  Once you taste it, you'll realize you've been craving it all along.  Both curries had just the right amount of spice, enough to keep it interesting but not enough to mask the amazing flavors.  Of course they are happy to accommodate all spice levels.Sensing our enthusiasm for the food (I guess the moans of pleasure gave it away), the owner/operator Phatch (more on her later) brought us a small sample of a chicken & oyster mushroom curry that her mom had just whipped up in the kitchen.  She also gave us complementary refills on our iced teas which was so generous.  Through talking with her, we learned of an off-menu beef tartare dish which we ended up ordering.  It was a generous portion of raw minced beef with Thai spices and other herbs and was quite excellent. If the food wasn't amazing enough, talking to Phatch added a new dimension of awesomeness to this visit. She is a lovely young woman, well-traveled, and a HUGE foodie.  She answered all our questions about the various ingredients, even bringing us samples of the spices and showing us pictures of ingredients on her phone.  She even gave us tips on other restaurants in the city!Phatch is cool and SO enthusiastic and passionate about food, and being able to talk with her was such a treat.  She has the deep knowledge of northern Thai cuisine from growing up in the region, but is totally on top of the latest food trends.  In addition, she was living in Japan for the last 5 years, which explains the addition of Japanese dishes on the menu such has yakisoba and tonkatsu.  (Can't wait to try those!)  She told us all about the plans she has for Fork & Stix, the menu items she wants to add, her issues trying to source the best ingredients, and more.  It became immediately clear to me that this is more than just a business.  Patch is putting her heart and soul into this place.  She is truly excited about bringing awesome food to St Louis and we are very lucky to have her (and her mom!).Amazing food, great prices (nothing above $10), very fast service.  I was there Sunday around 8pm and the place was sadly empty.  While I loved the individual attention, it was a bit disheartening not to see other people in there.   I'll chalk it up to being new.  Once the word gets out I have a feeling this place will be busy all the time. (Phatch, get that Facebook page going!)  But for now, go here and enjoy the beginning stages of a soon-to-be hotspot.  Oh, did I mention the bathroom smelled wonderful?  OK I'm going to stop now.  Just go here.
<review# 678,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/10/2012,2/14/2013,75,154,,7,8>Love this place!Good variety of flavors and super nice employees, what more can you ask for?Notable flavors are banana, chocolate milkshake, and fruit loops.  The first 2 are delicious mixed together and fruit loops is just an awesome flavor, very unique!I want to try some of their other flavors (rootbeer, island colada, and marshmallow) but unfortunately it's like a 30 minute drive for me so I only really go here when I am in the area.  Definitely a solid choice for frozen yogurt when a craving hits!
<review# 679,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/13/2012,2/13/2013,98,87,2,14,12>My 2 year old niece and I love this place! Why? Free. Outdoors. Animals.  What 2 year old (or 2 year old at heart!) doesn't love that combo?!?Lone Elk Park is a South County gem! It's a drive thru animal park with geese, deer, buffalo, elk, fox, and who knows what else. However I must say that there are days that the animals might be hiding from you, and you'll see zip. But hey, it's FREE. And on those days where the animals are shy, just enjoy Mother Nature's splendor of trees, ponds, grassy glades, and wildflowers.There are plenty of pavilions, picnic tables, and outdoor grilling areas too. So take a drive pack a picnic, and enjoy the outdoors! You'll enjoy finding your inner 2 year old!
<review# 680,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/24/2012,8/12/2012,59,177,4,7,4>Yay! I'm a fan. (I just made that up. Catchy, right?) Met up with a friend for dinner last night at Mike Duffy's and neither of us had been before. I liked the place, it was comfortable, bigger inside than it looked from the outside. We were seated right away by some blond girl who looked like she was physically incapable of smiling. Oh well, she wasn't our server so we didn't deal with her surliness much. Our server was friendly and on top of things. My friend and I ordered the wedge salads (because the picture of the salad in the menu made it look like the Greatest Thing Ever) and we ordered a cheese StL style pizza to share. The wedge salad was really enjoyable. It was large and pretty basic but the bleu cheese dressing was really good (it was drizzled some with a balsamic - yum) and, c'mon, dressing is what it's all about with the wedge, particularly when it's ordered sans bacon. The cherry tomatoes were hard though so I picked most of those off. I prefer diced tomato on my salads. The salad came with a small semi-warm roll that was of zero consequence. The pizza was quite good. It was like Cecil's but tastier. It was like Cecil's sexier friend whose parents didn't stick him with a cock-blocker name like Cecil. Quite tasty. Would definitely order again. I also had a (couple) Long Island Iced Tea(s) and it (they) were pretty good. Semi strong but smooth. Overall, I liked the place and can see going back. It was quiet enough to have a conversation (which I prefer). They have a pretty wide menu and I also happen to know they do trivia on Thursday nights because I wiped the competition out last night. Okay, I didn't actually play but, had I played, I am pretty sure I would have gotten at least a question or two correct. And that's not just the over-confident braggadocio in me talking either.
<review# 681,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/16/2012,8/11/2012,114,218,,6,4>I came here last week while I was strolling down Manchester with my pup trying to waste some time while my BF was in a meeting. I was looking for any restaurant with a patio so I could eat dinner and enjoy the comapny of my four legged friend. I walked by Water Street assuming it was part of Acero. When I noticed it wasn't, I was eager to stop in and try out a new place.I asked the waitress if it was okay to have my dog on the patio. Once I got the go ahead, I plopped down with the dog at my feet and ordered some ice tea. The sweet canine-loving waitress brought out a plastic to-go container filled with water for my dog! How cool is that?!As mentioned by other reviewers, the menu is extremely limited. I usually don't think this is a problem when I can find at least one thing that looks good to me, and in this case there were several menu items that looked yummy. I opted for the polenta with asparagus, mushrooms, onions, spinach and cheese. I was surprised when the plate was delivered with a gigantic portion. The combo of warm grilled polenta, veggies and fresh spinach was delicious. The polenta was extremely flavorful and the perfect consistency. I think I was able to eat half the plate before throwing in the towel. I'm happy to have this place to go to when I want to bring my dog along!
<review# 682,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/16/2012,8/10/2012,12,169,7,11,9>Ever have such a tremendously shitty day at work that you deserve a filet mignon as a prize for not pulling a Jerry McGuire and walking out with the office goldfish and the receptionist? Tuckers is my go-to place for days like that. I'll tell you why - because you can go home, put on your jeans and flip flops, head on down and eat a good-quality 8 oz filet dinner for under $20.I always go to the Soulard location. It's like an old house and best when you get to sit upstairs. I don't like the vibe of the other locations. Along with price of your steak, you get a gigantic baked potato. I'm a purist and get it with sour cream and butter only - getting it loaded just gets to be too much and you don't taste the potato. You also get a salad with ungodly amounts of dressing (I mean that in a good way) - the creamy blue cheese dressing seems to erase all the cares I have in the world.My steak has always been cooked perfectly. They know what they're doing as the BF couldn't believe it when his "medium rare with an outside char" came out perfectly done. He said that no one ever gets that right. Sure, there's a time and place to get dressed up and go out for the $65 steak dinner...but on those regular old days where you just need a filet, Tucker's does it perfectly.
<review# 683,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/21/2012,8/9/2012,62,101,1,6,6>Sump Coffee is awesome.One of the best espresso drinks I have ever had is Sumps cappuccino. I think it stems from the owners knowledge of what beans create great espresso and the handmade espresso machine. The machine is totally bad ass and like nothing I have ever seen before. It makes the La Marzocco machines look cheap and unsophisticated. Sumps cappuccinos are more of a latte consistency, so if you like it dry ask for it that way.The owner also know how to brew a serious pot of pour over. He will extensively go over what beans he has to offer and what they taste like to a dizzying detail. He weighs each dose and knows exactly how much water and for how long to extract the best flavors of the bean. The pour over is so smooth and non-bitter tasting you shouldn't need any cream to dilute it. I wish I could work those wonders at home on my Chemex.The actual building is really cool. They did a good job renovating it. More tables would be appreciated, there is plenty of space. Also some baked goods would be nice. I love that they take payments via Card Case as well. As the previous reviewers have stated, its more of an experience than just a cup of coffee. Expect it to take longer than what your used to as the owner tailors each beverage to the customers fancy.
<review# 684,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/26/2012,8/8/2012,101,271,4,13,10>Where do I start, I used to think of a hospital as a cold sterile place that people with a serious illness went to to get better or where pregnant women went rushing to have a baby delivered.I now know that a hospital can be allot more then just a place people go when they are sick. It can be a place that cares for its patients deeply, and sees them through one of the roughest and scariest times in their lives.We recently went through a crazy amount of months finding out we were having twins. Needless to say that makes allot of things fly around in your head about all the things that can go wrong. I was amazed at all the free classes they offer at Mercy to help new parents and people having twins. I will say that no class will ever ever prepare you for having twins.My wife was on bed-rest for about a week at home when she went to her OBGYN and she said she would not be working anymore. She got checked into the Anti-partum section of the hospital. I personally never even knew this area existed until I went to the multiples class at Mercy. Me and my wife kept thinking that bed-rest wouldn't happen to us but when it did I think it was the best thing for my wife. They took really good care of her and actually kept her busy doing crafts and other things with the other bed-rest moms. There was a lady named Amy that was really incredible, I think most people would think that she is a little to intense and hyper but I think that she really kept my wife and the other moms from getting down and loosing their minds.Through out the seven weeks she was on bed rest we only had a couple of times when issues came up that we didn't like but it wasn't anything to bad just mainly misunderstandings.I think back to how much my wife wanted to have our babies delivered a certain way and how much it didn't follow that path. I felt the entire time through out the delivery that the doctors knew exactly what they were doing even when when they had to do a C-section. After they were born they were whisked away to the NICU and the nurse that was there when they were checked in was incredible. She explained everything and then explained it again when my wife was out of surgery and came up to see the babies.I would have to say that the NICU staff was pretty incredible. I think that everything they could do they did. I really feel like they tried to connect with us every time we came up to visit which was every day for my wife. I really enjoyed the classes to help us make the twins coming home a better experience but the CPR classes really didn't give us warm and fuzzes, but I think it was a necessary step to take and was incredible that they offered it for free.All together I think very highly of Mercy hospital even the ER which is a sticking point for most people. I think people who call this hospital "The Baby Factory" think that is some kind of insult, but I think of it as a compliment. I would never take my wife to a hospital to deliver her babies at a hospital that didn't know what they were doing. I think if you deliver that many babies you Really know what you are doing. I also feel that the people that work in this hospital truly care for each and every person that comes through and that is not common.Thanks Mercy hospital for giving us the best experience life was willing to give us.
<review# 685,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/29/2012,8/7/2012,156,339,2,17,8>First impression:Brinco's is a brand new Tex-Mex joint located in the old (yet short-lived) Adobe Red's on Lindell in Midtown. It shares a building with Pappy's, reigning champion of the St. Louis barbecue scene, and Buffalo Brewing Company, one of the city's longstanding microbreweries, so you'd better bet a restaurant opening in this location means business. By first appearances, Brinco's does.Enter the restaurant from Lindell or the relatively large lot in back and you may be surprised at the relatively small square footage of this restaurant, as I was, comfortably situated somewhere between taqueria to cantina size. There's a large number of comfy booths along the wall, a handful of seats at the bar, and some standalone tables in the middle, and the interior is illuminated in bright yet comforting neon and overhead halogen. A divider keeps the ruckus going down at the bar away from the family-friendly dining room seating, and a huge chalkboard advertises 3:00 - 6:00 PM Monday through Friday happy hour specials as well as the deal del dia.When you're seated, you'll be given a bright basket of multicolor tortilla chips and some pretty good salsa to enjoy with them. The menu consists of a large number of entrees (but not an overwhelming number!) in the $6.00 - $12.00 range, so this restaurant is definitely at a different price point from the old Adobe Red's (and some of the most affordable Mexican within a good number of blocks). We ordered some queso dip (delightfully drooly) to accompany our chips, and selected orders of burritos fritas, enchiladas suizas, and steak fajitas as our entrees.The food was just great. We were pleasantly surprised that the portion sizes weren't humongous -- you enter a restaurant like this and tend to expect a plate of near-inedible monstrosity, so it was great to chow down on Tex-Mex fare that I'd call relatively thoughtful. The fried burritos, one beef and one chicken, were just the right size, crispy and well-joined by refried beans and rice. The enchiladas came with an interesting sauce that almost tasted like mushrooms, and the fajitas appeared to be a sturdy take on a Tex-Mex favorite. We all enjoyed our food and remarked at the great prices. The margaritas were also quite solid, leading this reviewer to request a second.We had a chance to briefly speak with the owner, who was very friendly, courteous, and fun. He made great menu recommendations, made sure we enjoyed our meal, and invited us to return soon, and we definitely plan to.The Central West End and Midtown neighborhoods now enjoy several restaurants in a Mexican or latino vein: Tortillaria Mexican Kitchen, the new Diablitos, and now Brinco's. I'm happy to say this restaurant promises to hold its own as a fine destination both in its building and in its neighborhood. Welcome to Midtown, Brinco's!
<review# 686,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/19/2012,8/6/2012,149,141,2,15,6>Sameem has a regular event, which is an introduction to Afghan Dining and Culture. We went last night, and it was fantastic! It was held in a separate room, with seating mattresses, or you could sit in the "western" seats at a table. The owner led a very interesting discussion about Afghanistan, and its food and culture. There were about 20 people there, and we all also were given a chance to get to know each other. The best part was that, during the presentation, the food just kept coming! I honestly cannot remember what it was all called, but there was rice, lamb ,beef, bread, eggplant, dumplings, salad, dessert, and much, much more. We were all stuffed, and the owner encouraged us to take some home since there was a lot left! Afterward, he came by our table and discussed his life in Afghanistan and the US, and the politics of both countries, in a very judicial manner that showed a lot of insight. For $15 (yes, that's right, just $15) - this was an evening we won't forget!
<review# 687,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/8/2012,8/5/2012,220,464,5,9,9>"This was FIRE, dog- I am full and going to take a nap" came out of BIG N Terrel.The portions were great, even for sandwiches.  When two big eaters walk in hungy and walk out full & sleepy for about $20 for both lunches with drinks & served in minutes... not bad.The pulled pork was better than the brisket, but neither beat the ribs I had another time.  Smoke flavor seems stronger and slower smoked than many places.  The sides were not as diverse as other places, but the beans had great flavor and kick.With fast food getting smaller portions, slower service & higher prices... I could see myself sneaking over here more often.The place is a designed BBQ dive feel with extra sidewalk eating areas.
<review# 688,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/9/2012,8/4/2012,85,110,,10,5>Fuzzy's has a slogan: "Welcome to your new addiction". Well they got that right! This location of Fuzzy's just opened up the street from my office. They have a lot of cool things going for them. 1. Great owner and manager running the place.2. TV's everywhere. 3. Lots of space to hang out - plenty of seating.4. Yummy Food!I have been there three times and they have been consistent every time. Food is fresh and tasty.I recently had their salad and didn't like that they just used iceberg lettuce so the owner Scott was very accommodating and added Spinach leaves to the Fajita Salad with Beef that I ordered.  Everything so far has been very good and I recommend you give them a try.  Definitely try the crawfish tacos with corn tortillas. YUM!
<review# 689,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/2/2012,8/3/2012,172,294,5,15,9>My bf's bday is on Wed so his parents took us to Tavolo V for dinner. It had just opened the night before so I was expecting the service to be meh and the food to be decent at best. I was pretty excited when the service was really nice and friendly and the food was scrumptious. Unlike other places with outdoor seating, the flow between indoor and outdoor felt natural due to the garage-like doors that could be pulled open. I could feel both the warm breeze and chilly AC from where I was sitting. Not great for the electricity bill but definitely great for my happiness!We started off with the funghi and calamari appetizers. The mushrooms were tasty and the baby arugula made is nice and bright. I thought there was a tad more oil than I would like in the dish and I wanted more varieties of mushrooms. It was good though. As for the calamari, delicious. Lightly battered rings of squid sat on top of delicious tomato sauce. I loved how they even gave us the tentacles. I really enjoy eating calamari with tentacles. :P We then got some salad (good but not amazing) and some bruschetta. The bread was firm but good and the tomatoes on top were flavorful. There were real slivers of basil and that made the entire dish perfect for me. As for an entre, the bf's dad and I got the risotto of the day (crab and shrimp with asparagus), my bf got the lasagna, and the boyfriend's dad's wife got the cannelloni. I enjoyed my risotto but it was a bit more brothy than I'm used to. I thought the crab flavor could be a tiny bit stronger. The asparagus was perfect. I had some leftovers, so I took it with me and ate it for lunch the next day. Wow. It was so good when I reheated it, I gobbled it all up. My guess was that it was good but I was just too stuffed on appetizers to realize it the night before. As for the lasagna, I had a bite and really enjoyed it. My bf loved it and dug in with so much gusto. He had some leftover too -- which is a pretty good indication of how much food we had. The cannelloni looked really tasty and the bf's dad and dad's wife were trying to identify the filling. I think they decided it was spinach and ricotta. They were pretty blown away by the flavors. It ended up being about $125 for four of us including tax and tip. That's 5 appetizers and 4 entres. not bad.
<review# 690,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/14/2010,12/20/2010,264,889,2,5,5>This is some of the best Indian food I have ever had. The garlic nan is super yummy, I prefer it over the chicken or plain nan, both of which I have tried. The garlic nan has such a good extra flare of flavor, but diner beware...you will have garlic breath.I really like the Chicken Tikka, the sauce is a blend of yogurt and spices that is so good you will find yourself compelled to mop up every last drop with nan bread! My new favorite dish is the Chicken Vindaloo. Aside from being fun to say, it is delicious. The chunks of chicken and potatoes are smothered in a tangy curry sauce that is so aromatic I can almost taste it when before it gets to my plate. The menu says it's a super hot dish, but it's not hot like Mexican food hot. It's more of a flavorful boldness. The blend of spices is so broad and bold that my taste buds are overwhelmed and tingle with excited confusion long after the meal is over.I've never had dessert here, I think my taste buds would really be confused after such a spicy, flavorful meal.Good service, great food, reasonable price...I love when we go here!
<review# 691,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/13/2010,12/19/2010,65,28,6,10,7>I needed a quick lunch close to work yesterday and decided to try Gyro Grill based on its proximity, good reviews, and the desire to try something new.  I was not disappointed.I walked in to a very nice front counter display, and plenty of menu options.  I was greeted right away by GG's extremely friendly staff.  I asked what they recommended.   The man said falafel was one of their specialties, so I ordered it.  I was a little startled when he told me the total.  It was under four dollars.  I was a little flabbergasted and immediately thought, "I may need to order something else," but decided to wait and see.  I took a seat in the dining room which was clean, had nice natural lighting, and a very comfortable feel.  The radio was playing, but the volume was set low enough that it served more as background noise and wasn't annoying.  Of special note were the chairs.  These weren't just any ole rinky dink cafe chairs; these chairs are sturdy wood chairs with vinyl seat covers that have an extra wide seat that is immediately noticeable.  They were really comfortable!Another (incredibly nice) staff member brought my falafel pita sandwich out to my table.  The patties sat snugly in the fluffly, thin, white pita.  The patties were just the right temperature, very crispy on the outside, and very moist and flavorful on the inside.  There were thinly sliced white onions and tomatoes, chopped lettuce, and tahini sauce inside.  The sauce is not a cucumber-yogurt sauce that many places serve on gyros; it is a true tahini sesame sauce, and is very good.  The tomatoes and onions seemed very fresh.  The lettuce was so-so, but crunchy enough.  If anything, I think I would ask for extra lettuce next time because I like lots of crunchy, cold freshness in the context of a warm pita sandwich.  The sandwich ended up being plenty to fill me and I didn't need to order anything else, even though I was tempted because it was so tasty!The bathrooms are at the very back of the cafe, past the dining room and a middle area they haven't utilized yet.  There is an old bar, probably from the prior tenants, and some pool tables.  I stopped at the front counter after I washed my hands and asked about said "middle area."  The (again, incredibly friendly) staff told me they planned to open the area for more cafe seating, but they did not plan to serve alcohol noting it doesn't fit their lifestyle.  The woman at the counter said she and her husband make pastries and had plans to sell them at the cafe in the future.  I'm pretty sure this is a no-smoking establishment, but I'm not 100% certain.  There were no smokers when I dined in, which only added to the positive experience I had.Likely (but not certain) vegan menu items include falafel, garden salad, lentil soup, hummus, baba ghanouj, and a plain baked potato.  A few more options exist for those of you that are vegetarians eating dairy.  From sandwiches, to platters, salads, dips, baked potatoes, chicken wings, and fries; there seems to be something for just about everyone.  They even have chicken nuggets and tenders for picky little kids who won't eat anything else.Check it out, but do be mindful when parking on the street that Kingshighway is a VERY busy street.  Be cautious when getting out of your car in case drivers to your left are not watching for your car door or worse, you!
<review# 692,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/18/2010,12/18/2010,119,513,,5,2>I still love the Mini Monty for $5 - a small drink and small popcorn (more than enough for 1 - possibly 2 - people) with one free refill each!  And they have switched from Pepsi to Coke products now, so I now have Diet Coke & Coke Zero as my diet drink choices (yay!), and my husband gets Lifewater Zero.Be aware that Theater 3 appears to be the only theater with 3D capability, so if your movie is coming out at the same time as another 3D movie, you are likely relegated to one of the smaller theaters, so arrive early for good seating.  That being said, all of the smaller theaters have upgraded comfy seats which recline back that are not offered in Theater 3.  So don't let "small" theaters turn you off; just arrive early.
<review# 693,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/26/2010,12/17/2010,114,55,2,6,2>After the usual battle between my boyfriend and I about where to go on a Friday night, we decided to check out Southtown Pub.  Living in the Tower Grove area, we pass by it all the time, and it seems like a place that would fit our style (laid back and dive-y).We got there around 3pm and there were a few people sitting at the bar.  The atmosphere was nice - a typical south side bar with HDTVs, a few video games, darts, and a jukebox.  Plenty of space to sit at the bar or at a table in the next room.  They have a few drink specials (late night, HH, Schlafly, shot specials) and entertainment throughout the week (trivia, karaoke, bingo).We ordered our drinks and started talking to the bartender.  It turns out she just bought the place back in October and has been trying to battle the bad reputation (see Kelly B.'s review).  In addition to the new and friendly staff, they recently added a kick butt BBQ menu!  All the meat is smoked out back each morning and the sauces are made in house.  It's so great to have a bar with yummy BBQ in south city... And so close to my house!  On this visit we tried their pulled pork duck sliders and nachos and have since tried almost everything on the menu.  It's all drool-worthy.We were hooked after the first visit and Southtown Pub is now on our short list of regular hang outs in south city.P.S. - My only complaint is that they turn the juke box up too loud.  But I'm sure they would accommodate my request if I asked :).
<review# 694,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/27/2010,12/16/2010,45,335,,6,4>I never went into Stellina before the renovation, but judging from the pictures it is now completely different.  Much less cafe, much more restaurant.  It's slightly confusing because you walk in and there's a small bar to the right and a smattering of tables to the left and then through the entryway there's more tables.  No hostess stand or sign saying seat yourself so I wasn't really sure what to do.  I made eye contact with someone behind the bar and she told us to pick a table.  I'm not really sure how they work that on a busy weekend night.Anyway once we were seated someone brought over menus and water.  The menu had about 4-5 pasta and entree selections each and a bigger selection of sandwiches.  I went for the pulled pork with gouda and caramelized onions on a ciabatta roll.  It came with a choice of slaw, potato salad, chips, or watermelon salad.  It was pretty good and not a huge portion so I didn't feel overly stuffed which was nice.  My friend had the ham with white cheddar, apples, and dijon and said that was great, too.Service was OK.  Prompt, but not really all that friendly.  I'll probably be back to try out the pastas, but I sincerely hope they fix the seating thing.  It's really annoying to walk into a restaurant and not know what's going on.  If you're going to remodel into a restaurant, then get a hostess please.
<review# 695,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/27/2010,12/15/2010,153,307,4,5,6>Ironically I never wanted to go eat at Lulu's based on the way it looks. However, I ended up there because a coworker decided that was our lunch spot. I walked inside and realized it actually wasn't a dump as I originally had thought. The inside was nicely decorated with plants and fishes. I decided to order the salt and pepper shrimp with fried rice, a wonton, and egg drop soup. This is the lunch special and its only 6.38!!! Perfect price....perfect portion.....perfect taste. What's not so perfect is the customer service. I guess when you're paying such a low price for food you shouldn't expect great quality service. This will definitely be one of my "regular lunch spots".
<review# 696,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/19/2010,12/14/2010,108,53,1,9,5>Most people would argue that St. Louis is a beer town. I tend to agree with them. However, I've found that St. Louis is also a great place for wine lovers. Between the wineries in the county and the wine bars in the city, there are plenty of places to get in touch with your inner wino. 3500 Winehaus combines your favorite neighborhood bar with a touch of class in South City. While there is limited seating inside, 3500 Winehaus offers patio seating out front and in back. The front patio offers a ton of extra seating and even space heaters. The back patio sports a firepit - great for those chilly St. Louis nights in the fall. The atmosphere is cozy and friendly, much like the service. The kind employees let us sample some of the wine before we committed to a glass or bottle. They have a fantastic menu that includes dozens of red, white, and blush wines for every budget and taste. They even boast a decent selection of beer, whiskey, scotch, and cigars. The decoration is sharp and elegant, but not overdone. Their small plates complement the wine very nicely. We've ordered a few of the cheese plates and they were quite tasty. If you're looking for a change of pace in South City, this would be a great place for a date, girl's night, or work place happy hour.
<review# 697,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/10/2010,12/13/2010,92,237,1,7,7>This small spot is informal dining. The sandwich is a solid 4 star sandwich.I had a chicken and mushroom sandwich on this fantastic bread that tasted like they baked it themselves.  The chicken was not processed and tasted like it was carved from the bird not long before being in my sandwich.The mushroom soup was not as tasty but it might be because it had lentils in it, of which I do not like in this format.They had some wicked looking baklava but I didn't try it.. today. Two very sweet Russian woman were behind the counter. They were the kind of people that makes your heart lighten as their genuine smiles really brighten your day.The snapshot: Great informal place to go when you need to get lunch fast and you want a great sandwich!  Maybe ask for a taster of the soup before you get it.  Amazing bread.*edit* They do make their own bread and it is wonderful!*re-edit* If you come for lunch at noon you will be waiting in line and finding a seat might be a problem.
<review# 698,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/6/2010,12/12/2010,37,40,5,15,3>A little clarification -- Cheap TRX is the store and TRX Tattoos does the tattoo and piercing.  They are side-by-side and have the same telephone number (different extensions) but it's two places.I could spend all day at Cheap TRX looking at different things.  The clothes, purses, jewelry, postcards -- oh my!  Not to mention the basement, where all the "adult" things are, hence the adults-only policy.  But I LOVE TRX.  The counter staff is extremely helpful and efficient at getting you in.  They ask all the right questions.  Courtney has a great touch at piercing.  I've only had one but it was painless.  I've watched her do various piercings on a friend and she is so knowledgeable -- get her on a roll and she can talk your (pierced) ear off.Laura is an excellent tattoo artist.  She's done two touch-ups for me and one large piece she drew herself which is gorgeous!  Her shading is sublime.  I've also watched her do several large pieces for a friend and her work is amazing.  Plus, she's just a super-nice person who is incredibly knowledgeable about skin and ink.  I've spent quite a bit of time upstairs and all the artists I've met are very engaging and do great work.  If you go to Randy, you'll probably get serenaded!  P.S. Both the piercers and tattoo artists are extremely conscientious about everything being sterile and hygienic (which should go without saying) if anyone has a concern.
<review# 699,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/22/2010,12/11/2010,11,137,3,7,6>Delightful. Charming. Unique. First of all, the lemonade is to die for. I love it and it is a huge treat each time I get to indulge. I have been here for lunch and also bridal and baby showers, but this was the first time for breakfast. Each of us had the Aimee B's pancake and eggs Benedict signature item. The pancake is not your traditional pancake. It is more like a thin piece of bread in the shape of a piece of pizza with fruit, whipped cream and your choice of sauce: syrup, raspberry, chocolate or caramel. My favorites were raspberry and caramel. I do not drink coffee, espresso, etc. but the other ladies do, so they each had a huge cup of something that looked really pretty and they both said it was good. I'll take their word for it. The service was excellent. We had a hard time deciding which sauces to try, so the server just offered to bring us each. She was very pleasant and definitely delivered service with a smile. This is the perfect place for a quaint gathering amongst close friends. Our breakfast was a work breakfast and I thought this would be a nice place to host out-of-towners. We all enjoyed it! The original structure was a home built in the 1860's and has been converted into this charming Tea House. Parking-o-plenty is in the back.    Don't forget to try the lemonade! And get the large :)
<review# 700,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/22/2014,11/20/2014,44,83,1,10,7>Piccione is a delightful little Italian pastry shop that, over the past year, has grown into a highlight of the Delmar Loop food scene.The pastries are prepared directly behind the counter, so you can see how fresh everything is. It's a lot of fun to watch the bakers mix icing, knead dough, and expertly squeeze cream into cannoli shells. The staff are delightful and very forgiving when you inevitably butcher the names of the pastries (sfogliatella?giugiuleni? HELP!). There is something absolutely charming about being served pastries by a cashier with flour on his hands.As for the pastries themselves, they offer a wonderful balance between traditional offerings and creative twists on the old favorites. My personal favorite, and a clear specialty of this place, are the cannoli. You can get the classic ricotta cannoli, or you can get the Piccione specialty cannoli filled with rich pastry cream. For the truly adventurous there are all kinds of flavors, many of which change week to week. I particularly enjoyed the "cookie dough" cannoli and the "birthday cake" cannoli they offered during their one-year anniversary. As of writing there's a Yelp check-in offer for a dollar off your cannoli, making them even more worth it.Piccone offers lots of other delicious offerings in addition to the cannoli. For the gluten-challenged you can get a gluten-free tiramisu, and if it's anything like the normal one, it's delicious. This tiramisu is so moist that if you take it to go, it's served in a cup, not a box. The mocha cassatta cake is also excellent. The only thing I've had here that I didn't love was the pasticiotti - I found the shortbread crust a bit to dense when filled with thick custard.Recently they've begun offering savory snacks in addition to sweets. I've tried the "fritatta" with prosciutto - really more of an egg custard in pastry than a fritatta - which was very tasty but very rich. There are also flatbreads and soups, which I'm looking forward to trying. This summer they've also started offering gelatto in addition to their regular line up of espresso drinks.
<review# 701,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/22/2014,11/19/2014,76,209,3,5,4>Metro Power Yoga is a terrific addition to Kirkwood!  I've now been to 4 classes here & all of them were great, so I thought it was time to write a review. Julie, the owner, is really enthusiastic and maintains a really empowering, often humorous, dialogue while providing instruction.  I've taken a couple Hour of Power classes & a Sunday Master's class with her, and they regularly kick my butt.  They're heated (85 degrees or so) Baptiste flow classes, very fast moving & "exercisey".  Prepare to sweat, get a great workout & probably end up contorted into some position that you've not been in before.  I've also been to a Yin class taught by another instructor, Rebekah, which is what I like to call "stretchy, relaxy yoga".  It's super relaxing & meditative, but can be challenging as well.  Rebekah is a great instructor, friendly & providing excellent guidance.I haven't taken a basics class here, but there are some offered, making this studio work for any skill level.  Conversely, the Master's class I took damn near killed me, but I seriously can't wait to go again.The studio is decorated nicely, is spacious & is very clean.  The prices are reasonable & the evening/Sunday class times work well for me.  They run specials from time to time (check their FB page).I'll definitely keep going here for yoga on those days when I'm craving a workout & a challenge, which admittedly isn't every day ;)
<review# 702,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/7/2014,11/18/2014,156,339,6,8,7>Huge kudos to UCBC for providing a cornerstone establishment in the Grove. This beer hall is a magnificent, grand enterprise and feels like a gift to the City of St. Louis. Maybe you think I'm exaggerating here, but I'm not, and I'm willing to overlook some niggles (missing descriptions of some beer styles, speed of service, mouse spotted in a corner) and support a group of people that have aimed high.The beer hall is located at a street corner in the Grove that doesn't offer parking, but there's plenty of parking around. Walk in through the large (but sparse) gift shop and into the beer hall itself, which contains a small (but full-featured) kitchen and huge wooden tables and benches fit for the largest of parties. You might think the place would be loud -- and it is -- but it isn't nearly as bad as it could be given the circumstances. A huge -- I'm talking huge -- bar runs the length of the venue, but it isn't always manned to full capacity. There are plenty of beers on tap -- maybe 12 or so? -- but the kegs always seem to blow when I'm waiting in line. Estimate a good five minutes to get a beer.When weather cooperates, there's a lovely outdoor area that's not too big overlooking Manchester Avenue. Go out there and enjoy the view, but make sure to respect the neighbors!I haven't tried any food. If the midtown location is any indication, the food here will be expensive for what you get, but reasonably satisfactory if you need a bite to supplement your second or third pint. Most beers will range from $5.00 - 7.00, which is cheaper than you'll find Urban Chestnut going for around town, as you might expect.When I think about the primo places in town to get a microbrew, this place is on the list. It may not unseat Civil Life in my mind in terms of comfort and atmosphere, but if it's close by, I bet it's already on top, or near to the top, of your go-to list.Give it a try and let me know what you think.
<review# 703,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/4/2014,11/17/2014,32,155,6,9,8>I love this place. They recently (6 months maybe?) moved into their new location from their old one by the Debaliviere metro station. The old restaurant used to be the Rhine Haus - a poorly run German restaurant. Though I do miss the free happy hours that the Rhine Haus provided, I am extremely glad the Kitchen Sink moved into the space. So far I've had the etouffee, jumbalaya, and the IDK (I don't know) and have never been disappointed. The etouffee with andouille sausage was very good, but had a good amount of heat (like it should I guess), but fair warning. The jumbalaya ($9) was a little less spicy, and was awesome. The IDK is a fun concept -- the chef prepares something totally random for you -- you can't have any dietary restrictions or preferences though -- totally up to the discretion of the chef. I got a skirt steak that was incredible -- they had to have marinated it overnight for how tender it was. Definitely a winner. Oh, and the corn fritters are little pieces of heaven. Special note: currently, they don't have a liquor license, but you can BYOB and they don't even charge a fee!Also, it takes a decent (not too long) amount of time to get the food out, but it's well worth the wait -- I wouldn't want fast Cajun food anyway. Also, this place is cheap for the quantity and quality of food you get. Check it out!!Pros: great food, inexpensive, friendly staffCons: no alcohol, but you can bring your own; atmosphere could be improved a little
<review# 704,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/1/2014,11/16/2014,148,199,5,7,7>It's quite rare when I feel like my ordering decisions were wise at a restaurant. Athlete Eats doesn't give you the opportunity to oink out with anything smothered or doused in cheese or the infamous duct-tape-that-with-bacon combo. And their side alley is about the cutest romantical little thing...
<review# 705,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/11/2014,11/15/2014,48,78,1,4,6>Obviously any music festival is going to be largely dependent on the acts and the atmosphere. For STL, this was a pretty fun weekend -- Cake, Arctic Monkeys, Matt & Kim, and of course Outkast all stood out as memorable and fun shows. The photobooth from Fisheye was fun and the food selections were great (Strange Donuts!) ... The Chipotle tent made the whole thing awesome -- free tacos! And having some craft breweries nearby sealed the deal. Overall, a lovely weekend and definitely looking forward to the next one!
<review# 706,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/16/2014,11/14/2014,29,342,3,8,5>My first words when I walked in..."This place is the "Meat Mecca"!G&W is a great place to pick up some specialty brats and other assorted German treats. The minute you walk in you get the offer for a cold beer to help you choose your meaty preferences. We get a few pounds of brats, some fresh cut  bacon and maybe a few of the deli/luncheon meats. They are all top notch and delicious.The Weisswurst is my favorite of the brats. It's a veal/pork blend and needs to be eaten rather soon to avoid spoiling. The jalapeno brats and garlic brats are also awesome.They will process deer for you if you are a hunter. That's a bonus.Overall, you can't go wrong here. The prices are fair, the meat quality if superb and the experience is always wonderful. Support local business and stop in!
<review# 707,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/17/2014,11/13/2014,46,65,2,6,8>This is a clean and friendly restaurant with (most importantly) yummy food! I've had the gogi bowl several times and have tried it with tofu, bulgogi (steak), and pork. I think my favorite was either the bulgogi or the pork. Any way you get it, though, there's tons of flavor. The bowls are kind of like a combination of Korean BBQ meets salad greens on top of rice. Tasty! I haven't had their burritos or quesadillas but suspect that they are delicious as well. The food comes up quickly and the price is good. If I'm not super hungry, I usually have part of my bowl left over. Not bad for a $7 meal!
<review# 708,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/28/2014,11/12/2014,172,294,2,8,5>This place is fantastic if you like candy and soda. Since I do, I can't give it a low score. The employees are super helpful and know their inventory fairly well.My only gripe with this place is that most things here cost way more than i actually want to pay. I've bought the same sort of candy elsewhere for much cheaper. Also, the soda here is really pricey. 2 bucks for a 12 oz or small soda? eek! With the bad out of the way, let me tell you why you should visit! This place would've been my favorite place in all the world when i was 12. It has many varieties of candies and sodas, and even vintage-looking tin plate things. I found so many things i wanted to try and so many things i don't really know how i feel about. They have monster themed sodas and communist dictator sodas. FANTASTIC. Also, being so expensive, I won't buy too many sodas, right? Let's hope that'll help prevent me from drinking TOO much sugar.
<review# 709,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/2/2014,11/11/2014,92,77,2,4,5>Absolutely without a doubt the best tacos in St. Louis. I'm so happy I tried this place. I will be back over and over again. We came at about 10 on a Tuesday night, and as I write this it's midnight. I'm laying in bed and I was just so happy with this place I HAD to write this review immediately. I'm pretty new to yelp, and recently became really into trying to new places and this has definitely made it to the top of my list for one of my favorites. I know there are hundreds of reviews for this place and I might just be echoing everyone else, but I don't even care!Okay, so first we tried the chips and queso. It was very good. A little spicy with the chorizo, but just perfect. The chips were great and served very hot. I don't know what it is about hot tortilla chips with salsa and queso, but I love it. We each got a carne asada taco, a brisket taco, and a fish taco (fried). All were fantastic! The fish taco was my favorite out of the three, by far. The fish is fried, but not heavy, with crunchy cabbage, and topped with Baja sauce that is to die for! Mmmmm! Next time I will have to get two of those. Just so dang good. The brisket was surprisingly my least favorite, and by no means was it bad! It was very good! Just the carne asada and the fish taco were much better to me! The carne asada really had great flavor, and I am obsessed with cilantro so I loved that there was a decent amount of it on there. I know people either really love or hate cilantro, so if you're a hater... Maybe get that off because there was a lot on my taco. (And since this first review I've also gotten the grilled fish taco and it's just as good as the fried one!!)(Best strawberry daiquiri of my life too!)So the star of my meal truly was the Street Corn! Oh my gosh. What they do to it is just great. They grill it, cut it off the cob, and then it's in a garlic lime aioli topped off with chihuahua cheese.... It's something that is truly unexplainable until you just try it. Life changing. You HAVE to try it. Our server also brought us out some churros. They were served with a Mexican chocolate sauce. The chocolate sauce is what made those. Without that, I'm not sure that I really would've continued to eat them. They were decent, but I probably wouldn't order them. All in all, this place was fantastic! Oh and they have $2 special on all tacos after 10 pm! That is definitely a deal. Can't beat that. Can't wait for some more of that street corn, and to try the other menu items like the other tacos and burritos!
<review# 710,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/11/2014,9/21/2014,92,533,4,5,3>Woohoo!!!!Woohooooooo!!!They get the extra o's woohoo at Schneiders.  If you're a meat lover, this place is a must see.  They must have 30 variations of brats in their freezer, both pork and chicken varieties.  We asked a couple of people for their opinions, then went with the Hot Buffalo Chicken and Garlic Parmesan Chicken brats.   They were both very delicious, delivered on flavor and kick (for the Buffalo) while also providing an nice lean meat alternative.  This is especially awesome if you're going low carb - it add variety to your life.  They have a huge case full of beautiful fresh meats, including everyday style sausages, but the more exotic flavors are all in the freezer.  The lady behind the counter said put them in water for 10 minutes before you cook them and they're good to go.   We put our two packs in the fridge overnight and they were ready to throw on the grill.  Very friendly, super clean and well organized.  They have an interesting selection of smoked meats, a big selection of bbq and other marinating sauces, some misc groceries and a small assortment of local produce.It's maybe 15 minutes beyond the JB bridge, a few miles south of Columbia.  Be careful about your speed through Columbia, btw.  I speak from experience.
<review# 711,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/11/2014,9/20/2014,92,190,3,5,5>Amazing spot that few people seem to know about. Very trendy and cool bar/lounge with great architecture as well as HOURLY LIGHT SHOWS. Yes, they literally project animations and other fun things on the ceiling of the hall. Definitely a good place to impress out of towners.
<review# 712,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/19/2014,9/19/2014,54,438,1,4,4>28/65 is a bit of a mixed bag for me. I've been maybe a half dozen times since I moved out here; some were good and some bad.The first time I was greeting with a dirty seat, a surly waitress, and cold fish and chips. But the second time was stellar. It hasn't been as bad at that first time since then and I'm glad I've given the place another shot. I probably wouldn't have but I was meeting some new friends here to watch a Cardinals game.Overall it's a decent place. Food is typical burgers, etc. but the house potato chips are pretty good. The star is the large beer list. Thankfully this place takes care of their taps and rotates beers enough that you don't get a pint of stale beer from an old keg. Those numbers in the name? They have 28 different vodkas and 65 different beers on tap.Since I live not five minutes away it's a good place to visit when I want a pint and feel like something new.
<review# 713,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/16/2014,9/18/2014,282,158,3,8,10>Love the Taproom!!I'm pretty sure all the food is great, i've heard zero complaints. Personally, I love the burger, chicken salad, minestrone, and fries! You can get the fries with a trio of amazing dipping sauces as an appetizer... so good. The beers, of course, are great. It's fun to go to the taproom and order some of the beers that aren't sold in stores or at other restaurants. During my last visit I had an IPA that was brewed with an experimental hop, it was hoppy citrus deliciousness. Put the taproom on your to-visit list if you haven't been or just haven't been in a while.
<review# 714,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/29/2014,9/17/2014,123,204,4,5,5>The paint is virtually still drying on this place - brand spanking new.  The interior design is fantastic - vibrant, colorful, and inspiring.  I've been here twice now - once before the officially official opening and once after.  I intend on frequenting the place as much as possible when in the Cherokee neighborhood (which is blowing up like crazy!).  The expectation is that the food and cocktail (hopefully including beer!) will grow as the business grows.  They are already hosting events such as Burlesque Bingo, which is always a once a month hit.  Go down to Cherokee - free yourself, and pop into the ArtBar for a cocktail or beer.  They welcome all, AND the bar features USB and AC outlets for you techies and phone junkies that always need a charge.  That, my friends, is innovation!  It's the little things.Enjoy!
<review# 715,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/7/2014,9/16/2014,438,182,3,6,9>After searching for literally an hour or so for something for dinner, something good,something different, and something new to us, and something close (enough) to my hair salon, I decided on Three Kings--We walked in about 5ish, and my lord that place was packed!!!! However, much more than meets the eye- theres a whole area in back for seating! And it did fill up quick! This week was there 4Hands/Bells tap takeover so that was the only beers they had to choose from besides Stella Artois (which I chose) and several bottled beers- Our server was a little on the dull side, but attentive and willing to let us sample any beer we wanted -We started with the wings and the house sauce- and they were AWESOME-----Crispy, fresh, and huge! and not too spicy! just perfect! I really enjoyed them! I ordered the gyro sliders for my meal, and darling honey ordered the philly steak wrap-Ive been a gyro kick lately, and these sliders were delish!!!! I felt weird eating them on buns and not some kind of pita- but they had good flavor-Honey enjoyed his wrap but said there coulda been more meat and less lettuce....and the sweet potato fries were really good as well---I really enjoyed our experience at Three Kings-and honestly I cant wait to go back and try different things---! and I'll wait untill the tap takeover is done, so i can sample other beers--I've  never been a huge Bells fan so that was a miss for me- But I was in love with everything else!
<review# 716,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/20/2014,9/15/2014,26,125,2,6,5>We loved everything we ate here. The smothered chips appetizer surprised me by having red beans, which ended up making the dish. Fried green tomato po' boy. Yes, yes, and yes. I seriously can't wait to go back for that. The bf had country fried steak. I thought it was good; he thought great. I also am looking forward to checking out the house shot some time. Moonshine, Busch, and pickle juice promises great things.Something must have been off the night we went, maybe an odd hour. My only complaint was about the service. A bartender and two servers with around 10 guests? I shouldn't have felt like I had to feel like two different people were serving me or wonder when someone would come by to help. (The food was all prompt, only drinks were a concern.) Everyone was very friendly, though.Pros: foodNeutral: service, atmosphereCons: decor (nice but didn't seem to match the vibe somehow)
<review# 717,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/20/2014,9/14/2014,75,425,6,8,5>I drive by Sweetie Pies every single day and for the past 4 years I've been super curious about it. I know Oprah loves it and there is a tv show, but is it really good enough to justify the insane lines and bus loads of people? YES. I don't watch the show so I have no idea which reality celebrity was there, but the food was so good. Walking in though is much like arriving at Disneyland. There are signs posted everywhere as to what you can and can not do (pull up your pants, don't point at the food, no flash photography, etc), so don't get distracted or you will get passed by. The fried chicken was exceptionally delicious, enough so that I'm pretty sure my cardiologist should just leave his business card on the counter. Mac and cheese, holy mother of mary, creamy and cheesy perfection. The cornbread was also out of this world. The sweet potatoes, not so much, and the okra was soggy and mushy. And the lemonade was sweet, like call your dentist to address your new cavity sweet. But I will return when I see there is no line and get more chicken, mac cheese and cornbread. Just forget those darn veggies.
<review# 718,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/7/2014,9/13/2014,97,514,4,11,9>Keeping this short because everyone and their brother has already reviewed this place.  A few thoughts:* Pulled pork is better than Pappy's...by a lot* Baked beans are nothing short of spectacular* I should have had a different side instead of the fire & Ice picklesI can't wait to find myself there around lunchtime again soon!
<review# 719,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/3/2014,9/12/2014,81,59,,5,5>Enjoyed Sanctuaria with four friends of ours Saturday night. Atmosphere is always pretty cool. The whole dios de los muertos theme is pretty righteous, and they have an excellent bar.Drinks were solid but on previous visits we have sat in the bar for drinks only and had a great time kicking it with the bartenders. They are more than happy to make you off-menu drinks.Service was good but if a bit gruff, which I get the impression is kind of their thing.  Very hipster/trendy - and I am fine with that.Overall, food was good but not great.Wicked Shrimp - Good but disappointing since other reviewer seems to love this. $13 seemed a bit high for the small shrimp we were served.Jalapeno Cornbread - Excellent. My favorite dish of the night. Topped with crazy hot jalapenos that you can eat w/ the cornbread if you want.Charcuterie - Disappointing. Not much to it and not very good or interesting.Piquillo Poppers with Diablo Verde - Good, but boring. Goat cheese jalapeno poppersEl Hondero (Roasted green chili sausage, peppers, onions, yucca & sunny egg) - GoodBacon Wrapped Dates stuffed w/ chorizo - GoodSpanish Flatbread - Decent fried flatbread with goat cheeseTostones - GoodFree Yelp Check In Chips w/ blue cheese - Ok. Nothing special. Blue cheese may have been from a jar.  They were free, so we can't complain.Vaca Frita with Chimichurri - Not good. Overcooked VERY finely shredded steak over potatoes. Was strange. The shredded meat was too crispy and tasted oily.Frita Sliders - Very good. Ordered another in the second round.The food was good overall, but I think I will stick to a seat at the bar and drinks only when it comes to Sanctuaria. Might try out the Happy Hour though as the prices seem pretty reasonable.
<review# 720,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/17/2011,9/18/2011,75,425,4,5,4>Despite having a ridiculously catchy, yet annoying jingle, the Muny surpassed my expectations. the fiance and I went to see Bye Bye Birdie for my birthday. First I was pleasantly surprised to read that you could bring your own food and drinks in (ok they say no alcohol, but I saw more than a few people with their fountain drink roadies. Damn me for following the rules). And then parking was far easier than I expected. And then there were fans! The spinning wind creating kind and the stand up and applaud kind :) I figured the night would cool off and I wouldn't melt too badly, but the giant fans created a nice breeze before the show and during intermission (also read this and don't spend too much time on your hair!). Last but not least, the concessions weren't crazy expensive (back to damn me for not bringing in my own drink!). The margarita was sweet and lacked a boozey taste, but according to Stephanie S- they must be strong.
<review# 721,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/30/2011,9/17/2011,25,64,29,16,12>And on the 8th day, the LORD sayeth:"Betroth onto thine citizens of greater Saint Louis a shoppe of high magnitude and quality.  Maketh thine shoppe a perfunctory of only the finest meats and cheeses in all the land.  It shall saveth my people from the ordinary and pedestrian deli meat shoppes that litter the landscape with their slovenly and laurel-resting production methods.""Haveth thy people who run thine shoppe be of the utmost kind, knowledgeable, and helpful.  Create them to be both experts in food production and in customer service.  (And also pleasing to the eye).""Createth an atmosphere where it is felt as though walking into the shoppe is a unique experience, wherein a small space a bounty of neatly packaged goods can be perused without pressure or grief.  Maketh thy atmosphere similar to thine ancient cured meat shoppes of europe that I hear so much about, where food is prepared with special care and dedication""Handeth to them the recipe to produce the most outstanding and earth-shattering focaccia bread ever created.  It shalleth melt in thine mouth and produce a flavor explosion so intense that thine patrons shall be as addicted to it as the meats and cheeses created therein."And then the angels asked the LORD, "Where shall we put this grand shoppe, almighty?"  The LORD replied:"Puteth this shoppe in an unassuming strip malle in the south part of the city.  Maketh it difficult to find so that drivers probably pass it several times even when looking for it.  Make the interior as teeny aseth possible, so that a line of more than 3 people forces cramped quarters.  And maketh thy shoppe's name unpronouncable for anyone who doesn't have a degree in whatever language it is in""And maketh thy prices high enough to dissuade casual buyers, for the cost to make the finest meats and cheeses is high.  Maketh the cost per pound to be twice...no three...no FOUR times as expensive as the inferior meats found at so called 'super-markets'.  Haveth the prices be so high that eyes bug out, words mumbled, and wallets cradled in an attempt to decide if it is truly worth thy cost""And if anyone shalleth complain about thy crowdedness, or thy customer service, or thy high prices, cast them OUT of my favored deli shoppe into FIERY GEHENNA, where they shall be forced to wander the scorched barren landscape of sandwich shoppes in vain of a comparable quality product for lesser cost.  They shall wail and clench their teeth around dull boring sandwiches that may fill their bellies, but not their souls.  Such people do not deserve the bountiful bounty of thine shoppe."And so it was so.  And the angels descended upon the LORD'S favored spot on Hampton Avenue and created the shoppe.  In accordance to instructions, they named it Salume Beddu.  And the LORD was pleased.
<review# 722,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/12/2011,9/16/2011,154,611,5,12,7>BEST thin crust in town, HANDS DOWN!!! This is truly a hidden gem. Just a little walk up next to Companion with a couple little tables outside. But what lies inside is absolutely what I wish St. Louis style pizza was: thin crust with GOOD cheese. NO provel here. On their menu, they mention their "cheese blend" but don't say what it was. When I noticed the thin crust, I asked if there was provel in it to make sure I wasn't going to eat it, and the guy looked at me with disdain. I knew at that moment that he was in Tim G.'s anti-vel club. They love their cheese so much that the pizza boxes don't have their name on them- it has an ad for the cheese! I ordered a 9" cheese pizza since it was lunch, and my taste buds rival that of a 5 year old. I also ordered the green salad with cucumber dill dressing. Less than 10 minutes later, it was ready.The salad box was curiously large. I opened it, thinking that it surely couldn't be filled with salad, but it was! This is a monster salad. It came with greens, dried cranberries, walnuts, carrots and cheese blend (optional $1 add on). It was super fresh and the dressing was unique and SO yummy. I wish I had asked for more- there wasn't nearly enough for that size of salad.The pizza was melt in the mouth delicious. The cheese and sauce were a perfect combination. The cheese even stringed out a little - definitely no provel here!I can't wait to go back - and I'll ask for extra dressing next time!!
<review# 723,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/7/2010,9/15/2011,18,55,4,4,2>Look, sometimes a guy has to do what a guy has to do. Sometimes, despite a growing waistline and cholesterol, a guy just HAS TO keep his LAST MINUTE plans to go to 'burger night' at a local eatery with some of his friends. But a real man understands compromise and values his health not just for it's own sake or the many layered inherent benefits, but also for the sheer joy of continued living to the spite of his foes. And that's how I came to enjoy a truly magnificent veggie burger, topped with raw spinach, mushrooms with real cheddar and bacon.'A cheddar, bacon veggie burger,'  you ask? Yes! Compromise!The deal with Square One Brewery's 'Burger Night' (every Tuesday) is that they drop an ordering slip in your lap, similar to those at decent sushi bars. On it, you combine your desired burger patty (black angus, veggie or otherwise), dairy, additional meats and finally vegetable toppings. The selection is VAST and Square One gets extra kudos for having crisp raw spinach (not the drippy, limp, boiled variety- though if that's your bag, they've got that too). The waitress (barmaid? Is that an archaic term or what?)  was exceptionally friendly and attentive and she made a MEAN rum and coke. As for my veggie-burger, it scores top marks for being crispy on the edges, juicy in the middle and being every kind of burgerlicious WITHOUT all the extra guilt or arterial death. I think I paid a paltry sum of $15 dollars (after tips) that night. So Square One Brewery, I thank you! And I will return! On a personal note, I hope to maintain this level of compromise. Maybe I'll break even health-wise.
<review# 724,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/18/2011,9/14/2011,102,159,,9,3>I happened upon Heavy Anchor one late night when I had no business being out. My stamina was well rewarded when I walked into this great little place on Gravois in South City. The space itself is a nice combo of bar with another room for live music and movies. And Heavy Anchor does something that I wish other bars would do...you can come into the main bar for free, listen to the live music and if you want to SEE the live performance you can pay the cover at that entrance. I hate when I have to pay to see a band that I don't want to see. Nice.Drinks prices are reasonable with happy hour specials of $2 wells, $2 buds and $3 bottles. They have a small selection of food including vegan pizza but I was there a little too late to try any munchies. The back patio is great for fresh air or if you smoke there is plenty of space. I will definitely be back soon for the Wednesday movie nights or a happy hour.
<review# 725,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/23/2010,9/13/2011,100,105,1,6,7>We came here for a birthday party (8 people) and they handled everything beautifully.  They continually brought those yummy plantain chips and dipping sauce.  I could eat that sauce on anything.  Everyone at our table got a different entree and they were all wonderful.  Be advised that they go pretty heavy on the cilantro on some dishes.  Good thing I absolutely LOVE cilantro.The only thing I wasn't a huge fan of was the cocktails.  Could have been that it was an off night--who knows?  Of the dishes that I tried I have to recommend the arroz con pollo, the filet mignon, and the Aji De Gallina.  I also have to give a shout out for the salad I had (not something I normally do).  The Ensalada De Palta was delicious.  Very light and refreshing.  YUM.On a side note, they are aware of how to do gluten free and offer many options.  Unfortunately, they don't use a dedicated fryer for their complimentary plantain chips so those are off limits to you celiacs.
<review# 726,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/11/2011,9/12/2011,129,341,6,12,10>The beautiful wife and I have hit the Royale several times and I've been shockingly surprised on how great it was each visit..Too many past reviews have mentioned horrible hipster service, so every time we've gone, I keep expecting to have a freakout, resulting in me administering a curb stomp.But much to the wife's relief, instead we keep getting great service, great food, and really freaking delicious cocktails and great beers.I'm trying to figure out why we've been so lucky. Then it occurred to me:1) We've always gone on a weekday (Mon.-Thu.), so no crowds.2) We've always gone relatively early to grab either pre-Elite event drinks or to grab dinner fairly soon after work. Again, less crowded.3) We've always sat inside -- empty drinks have always been visible and quickly replenishedHighlights:Great beers on tap -- yes, they have Guinness (good pour), but when the Old Rasputin is there, look out. And they also added Left Hand's Week Sauce Coffee Porter, which is excellent (and for the Blue Mooners out there, they have Boulevard's Two Jokers -- give it a try)Cocktails -- We've had several, but the Royale is one of the few (only?) places where you can get a Dark and Stormy (Goslings Black Seal Rum and ginger beer). Nothing beats the summer heat like this drink.Food -- the burgers are great, but I keep coming back to the Dippy Melt (roast beef, provolone, cheddar, oven-baked ciabatta, derby sauce). The ciabatta with the au jus -- just sloppily wonderful.I love their beans and rice as well -- it's "steal a forkful" good.Service: We keep getting nice, attentive servers. I've never been queried if I prefer Kafka or Camus (is that really a hipster thing? I just like the idea of those two fighting, though Camus would destroy Kafka. Unless, Kafka was able to turn into a giant insect. Then it would get awesome). Anyway, yes, there might be lots of ink and skinny jeans, but as long as they're nice and bringing us more drinks, I don't care.Atmosphere: As I've noted plenty of times, I really don't give a crap what a place looks like, but I will note that they often have soccer on the televisions. That will always win points with me.Though, my streak of gushing will end when I'll say that if you're a "larger framed" (ahem) person like myself, getting in an out of their booths is a bit tricky.As long as we keep having great experiences, we'll keep coming back. I'm not so sure I want to spoil our pattern of success (see paragraph #2), so I think we'll be sticking to our formula, even if it is more "early bird special" than "night owl hipster."
<review# 727,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/19/2010,9/11/2011,129,181,6,5,6>An underground speakeasy of fashion greatness -- so FUN!! and yet-- am I in an underground speakeasy here?  Upon walking in, I was greeted with a pair of empty couches, stone walls, and the sound of a hair dryer in the room next door.  Okaaaay.... I will have a seat.Upon paging through the glossy designs of a recent fashion magazine, I arrived on my appointment time with Emily.  The artist who was soon to craft my new (SHORT) hairstyle.Now let it be known that I am not a fearful client.I do not feel that my hair creates my persona.BUT...Stylists always tell you to look at old photos of yourself and decide which one "made you look HOT"OK.  So I made an executive decision (and was sick and tired of spending money to dye my hair in intricate ways each month) to cut my hair OFF in a delicious pixie style.Things at J3 went very well.  My hair was transformed from a frumpy, shoulder-length crop into a face-illuminating short.....ummm...PIXIE!!!  If you're going to go short, you might as well go all the way.After chopping all of my hair off, I realized that my eyebrows needed some tender care.  Luckily one of the most famous (other than your head) hairstylists in St. Louis works within this same salon.She quickly brought me into her own rocky and underground speakeasy and POOFED my eyebrow shreds into brushstrokes worthy of a Chinese painting.Now that I'm sitting at home photographing my new hairstyle with my cell phone, the style is pretty fab.A pretty fab speak easy of (all parts) hairstyling precision.
<review# 728,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/7/2010,9/10/2011,193,50,2,4,3>This was the first location during the Metrolink Bar Crawl that I had made last week. I chose the location based on the recommendation of a friend, distance from the Metro link Station, and the positive vibes I received while there. And I have to say I kinda fell in love with this location. First off, the place is reminiscent of a dive bar which makes me happy. Not a lot of fancy things here but the stage and pianos which is awesome. This place is also has a good size to it but the chairs and tables seem a bit tight for comfort. I can imagine the place being a bit warm during a performance.It was also hard to figure out the doors at first as well. Call me being an idiot, it took me a few minutes. In my defense, I never go to the Landing but I digress.The drink specials we received were quite nice ($3 domestics, wells, and shot specials). They seemed to have the standard fare as far as drinks. Plus there prices were pretty cool as well. Nothing really amazing as far as unique drinks but the staff seemed really down to earth and friendly which can make or break a bar in my opinion. I should add as well they do have a military appreciation night as well which has awesome specials! I really enjoyed the time I spent here for the bar crawl adventure! One of the friendlier staffs I've encountered! Also they were very transit friendly which is always a win. But really the friendly staff and drink specials won me over. I have to check out the place on the night of a performance to really give a complete review. But just for the other intangibles I'm giving them four stars!
<review# 729,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/27/2011,9/9/2011,144,93,4,7,4>On the search for a 24-hour coffee shop? Look no further than Coffee Cartel. First of all, props on the name. Kinda gives the place an edge, an almost dangerous feel, no? "Meet me." "Where?" "At... the Coffee CARTEL!!" Awesome. Anyway, like the first line states, this place is open 24-hours, which is by far the biggest draw. If you're the type of person that needs to have things going around them to study better (I know, sounds counterproductive, but I know many feel this way), this is the place. They have free wi-fi, which isn't bad at all. The toughest part will be nabbing a good study-spot when they're busy. Onto the food and drinks. You can't go wrong with ice cream, and the food is okay, but a bit pricey for what you get. But overall, it's still good. I'm not much of a coffee drinker, but they have creamer and sugar/splenda, which is enough for me.Remember, the place doesn't advertise itself as gourmet eats. If you need a place to chill and talk or do some late-into-the-night studying at a place where you can get up and grab a decent cup of Joe, some sweets or a quick bite, then look no further than where? "The Coffee... CARTEL!! MUAHAHAHA!!" Okay, seriously though, gotta stop with the maniacal laughter.
<review# 730,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/8/2012,2/10/2012,116,75,3,8,7>Wow! How did I live and entire summer in St Louis without going here until December!?! Echoing many other reviews--I am so glad I FINALLY made it here.Things that made me say wow: ~ There is a 16 acre Japanese garden. A real one. With a real tea house and islands.  ~ Pansies were blooming in December.  ~ There is an entire section designated to "testing" backyard gardens and a staff there can tell you everything about growing everything from Azaleas through Zucchini.~ Climatron. An architectural wonder and yes, those bird sounds are real. ~ Free tours every day at 10am or 11am (earlier in summer later in winter, call ahead to see which schedule they are on (314) 577-5100). This place is a St. Louis stand out and, even in the winter, worth a visit. Don't make the same mistake I did of thinking it's just a nature walk--there is so much to see here.  Get away from your computer and get in on one of those tours and you won't regret it!
<review# 731,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/15/2012,2/9/2012,100,66,13,5,3>Where can you find men's Brooks Brothers shirts for 10 bucks, DKNY 15, or Zegna on-the-cheap? HERE. This place is amazing, however it's hit-or-miss.  I bought Lucky Jeans for 10 bucks the other day, boo-yah.  This place offers gently used items in a store that harkens back to the days of DEB back when Tiffany (the singer, not the powder blue box) and Debbie Gibson were Mall Queens.Um......just check cleanliness. My friend found some crusty poop in one of the pants. No joke. One star knocked off for that one.
<review# 732,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/31/2011,2/8/2012,23,185,3,6,5>Since I work downtown I've been staring at the nice signage all summer waiting to see what was going to go in the spot that had been City Grocery.  When I had finally read about the plans for this place I was instantly excited.  Each passing day walking past and seeing the brown paper that had once shuddered the windows reveal what I could only hope was another awesome restaurant experience in Downtown.  I could hardly wait for lunch on Friday as I and several other co-workers embarked down Olive to have lunch at this new establishment. We were promptly greeted and seated since we were veterans of the downtown lunch scene (go early or don't go is the motto) and looked over our choices. We were seated at the long table which is a new dining experience in itself since other parties can be (and were) seated directly next to hours.  This didn't bother me one bit but some of my co-workers were a little take aback by it and wanted to have some more space.  I ended up going with just the basic burger although the Dave's Smoked Burger and the Black and Blue sounded amazing, I thought it best to just go with the Basic for now.  I added the house cheddar sauce and a small order of fries with the house mayo.  Looking over the menu there are a wide variety of toppings/additions and sauces that you can pair with any of the burgers which means you never have to try the same combination twice.  Also, there is an expansive soda fountain-esque menu for different types of soda or "pop" as it is called in some areas along with numerous different Shake/Malt concoctions that can be served with or without booze in them.  These drink menus made me think if Crown Candy and the Chocolate Bar ever got together for a one night stand, this restaurant would be the result of that encounter. The service was a bit on the slow side and I will chalk that up to the system used, the sheer number of people who walked in after us, and seating arrangement used in the place. While the decorative old windows that are suspended around the cooking and prep areas are very cool to look at, I don't think it will be long before they are replaced with something less transparent.  Back to the food, my Burger had arrived and it was cooked to temperature (medium) expertly.  The only thing I could fault with it was that the house cheese sauce is actually a sauce and not very thick so it had rolled off the burger and onto the plate.  I could barely taste it but the burger itself was flavorful.  The fries were great as well and I did enjoy the mayo that accompanied it on the side.  The Chipolte mayo got the most rave reviews from the table though so it is something I'll have to try next time.  We all agreed at the end of our meal that we weren't overly stuffed or full but satisfied, which was a nice feeling to have rather than feel bloated or miserable.  I think that is the feeling that will bring me back to this place in the future.
<review# 733,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/28/2011,2/7/2012,91,379,,7,4>This is such an interesting place ... part restaurant, part dance floor (this night swing dancing), part club.  Do you like to people watch??  Come on a Thursday and you will see an interesting mix for sure if a DJ or group is next door.  I stuffed myself when I was there too.  Had was the Lobster Rangoon (not your fast food Chinese style for sure, excellent), Atomic Rice Bowl with chicken, black beans, veggies and Mexican rice (rice might have been a bit dry but I would order this again for sure),  and I topped if off with a huge slice of mud pie (I didn't ask for a huge one, it came that way) that I could not finish.  That was a bit hard to eat because the crust was so frozen but I managed and it was very good.  There were other various dishes among our party which everyone seem to enjoy such as the Fried Plantains, Wagon Wheel and Pepper Jack Cheese Bites (heavy on the wagon wheels, peppers), cheese quesadillas but the real star of the night was the waiter, Marti, he has the perfect personality for this work.  He was super busy and while you could tell he was, he still managed to take care of everything in a timely manner without losing his cool.  Nice guy so ask for him (although he may be the only one waiting tables) and tip him well.Never get tired of the Atomic Cowboy.
<review# 734,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/14/2011,2/6/2012,144,93,,9,5>Dim sum, and then some. Actually, all I had was the dim sum, haha. This was my first time having it at an actual dim sum place. You know how they have "fun-sized" Snickers bars, well dim sum is a lot like "fun-sized" Chinese food (Although, honestly, for a big guy like me, it'd be a lot more fun if the things were HUGE). One of my friends was kind enough to treat me. I'm not sure exactly what I ate altogether, but there was a great selection of different little food items, and I'll attempt to highlight a few. They brought a little cart around every now and then, and we'd choose what we wanted to eat. We had some shrimp shumai (dumplings), bbq pork shumai, a baked bbq pork triangle thingy (that's not the technical name I'm pretty sure), a fried shrimp ball thing and a sticky rice that comes in a banana leaf. The sticky rice was most fun to eat because you unwrap the leaf like you're opening a present! And inside is a nice mixture of rice, meat and a few other things. Altogether it was a fun meal! The price seems a little hefty for what seems like a meal composed of many small appetizers, but I think part of the cost is for the experience as well. I'd definitely go again with a group of friends and try more of their dim sum items. Oh yes, the dim sum only runs until 3PM I believe. After that, it's regular menu items.
<review# 735,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/30/2011,2/5/2012,69,117,,11,4>I work in Earth City and get 30 minutes away from my desk for lunch. Up until recently my only options have been Burger King, McDonald's or the gas station chicken. Yup. You can imagine my excitement when I was driving around on my lunch "30" minutes and I found this cute little place that had opened in the empty Thai Bowl spot, tucked away behind McDonald's and the gas station. My first impression when I walked in his how CLEAN and nicely decorated it is. I was a fan of Thai Bowl when it occupied that spot but it was not the cleanest place and the decor did nothing except make the place feel even more cramped. A fresh coat of paint, new floors and a new counter make this tiny place feel bigger. I was greeted at the counter by a very friendly lady. Ordering took me a little while but mainly because everything sounded delicious. I ended up getting the fresh spring rolls and spicy noodles with chicken to go. My food only took about 10 minutes even though they had a pretty steady stream of customers coming in and out and I was happily on my way back to the office ahead of schedule. The food smelled fantastic and by the time I got back to my desk I was anxious to dig in to my lunch. I started with the spring rolls and holy hell they were HUGE. 2 spring rolls filled up an entire styrofoam container with barely enough space for the cup of dipping sauce. They did not disappoint. The ingredients tasted super fresh and delicious and the dipping sauce was mouthwatering delicious. The only problem was by the time I had finished the spring rolls, I was so full I couldn't imagine eating my spicy noodles. I was curious though so I did take a few bites of the spicy noodles with chicken and that was yummy as well and tasted just as good the next day for lunch. Although eating massive spring rolls is slightly awkward and messy while trying to type at the same time, that will not stop me from returning often. Plus, as a bonus they have free wi-fi. So if I really needed to get away from my desk I could head over there with my lap top in tow.
<review# 736,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/30/2011,2/4/2012,238,242,5,15,13>Hands down, this is my favorite festival in St. Louis! Seriously... where else can you sample Burmese and Nigerian food at the same time, or buy crafts from Morocco and Ecuador, or watch West African Dancers and listen to Tibetan monks all in the same place? The Festival of Nations is held once a year at the end of August in Tower Grove Park and features food, crafts, music and dancing from around the world. Each year it gets bigger and bigger as more food and craft booths are added and more people come to visit. This two day event is well organized for the 140,000 + people who come to explore. Food booths are lined up along the main road through the park and craft booths are scattered along the side roads with 4 stages located around all the action. Each booth is clearly labeled with the country/ethnic representation and maps are provided to help you find your way around. If you love international cuisine and trying new foods, then you will be in heaven here! Over the last five years I've eaten lots of good food here. It's not all 5 star foods; most is amazing, but some of it can be hit and miss. Overall, I've enjoy almost everything I've tried with my favorites being the Bosnian grilled meats, Argentine empanadas, Native American fried bread and Bulgarian baklava. The best strategy is to come with friends and share and sample as much as you can! Skip breakfast and stay for lunch and dinner if you have time. There is always something going on at one of the stages, so bring a chair or a blanket to take a break while soaking up some cultural dancing or music. Enjoy the belly dancers from the Middle East, get a henna tattoo or get your hair braided as you explore the park. Be sure to bring plenty of cash as most booths don't accept credit card. ATM's are available, but lines can be long and the cash might run out by the end of the day. You can spend a whole day at this festival, but if you are short on time, it's best to come early to avoid the crowds and long lines at the food booths.
<review# 737,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/28/2011,2/3/2012,44,267,,11,7>I called around to several tailor shops only to have them tell me it would be at least 10 days to mend a seam on a pair of pants. I called Jean's who told me to bring them on in. Jean is a wonderful little older lady who reminds me of my grandmother. She was able to fix my pants in just a few minutes. I also brought in a sport coat because the buttons where about to fall off. She fixed both for $5! That is unheard of! I was so pleased that I tipped her the full price of the bill. You can't ask for better service. I will now take all of my alteration needs to Jean's.
<review# 738,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/23/2011,2/2/2012,45,335,,5,2>I've anxiously been awaiting the opening of this shop. There is a severe lack of good popcorn places in town and this certainly helps fill that gap a little. They just opened today and the inside of the store certainly looks that way. I almost passed by because it is still really bare inside. There's a small counter with a few popcorn bins. I saw cheese, butter, and carmel. They have pizza flavored on their website, but I either didn't notice it or they didn't have it today. There are two sizes of bags, plus bigger tins. The small bag (which is still a good size) was either $6.25 or $6.50 and the large bag was $2 more. The tins were a lot more pricey, starting at $25.Now for the important part. I'm giving the cheese a slightly better than OK grade. It was worlds better than Poptions (what isn't?), but nowhere near as good as Garrett's. Five stars for freshness. I came in late in the day so I'm not sure how long ago it had actually been popped, but it tasted so fresh. No tough, chewy pieces. And I only found one kernel in my bag. It could use some more cheese, though. I'd say ere on the side of over-cheesing than not.Bonus points for having pupcorn! They saw my dog outside and told me they sold dog popcorn for $3. Other than it being cheesy, I'm not sure exactly what it's made of, but I bought some and my dog sure liked it.Since they're brand new I don't really know if they plan to offer more flavors or what, but for now it's the best popcorn I've had in St. Louis and I hope they're able to stick around.
<review# 739,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/7/2012,2/1/2012,103,317,,9,6>I love, love, love the MUNY!!I've been a fan ever since my sister attended college here and brought me to my first MUNY show, Miss Saigon in 2001. Since then, I've tried to attend as often as possible when I was visiting her. Since I moved to STL four years ago, I've made it a point to come at least once every season...and have thought seriously about getting season tickets. But I always go with different friends, and season tickets would not be conducive to seating arrangements. I love the free seats at the MUNY. It's true that the best seats are filled early and people start lining up and picnicking in line at 6 pm for an 8:15 show. It's a great atmosphere...you bring a picnic basket (some people actually bring chairs and tables), sit in line, and throw yourselves a little party. You pack up a little before they open the gates, choose seats, and watch the rest of the paying world filter in. I think the free seats are smaller than the regular seats, and sometimes, it's hard to see over the heads of the people ahead of you. And when it's hot, it's REALLY hot in the seats...we always bring fans and binoculars! But the sound is just as good as it would be in the regular seats...and you're getting to see an excellent play for free! Also, it's pretty good if it starts raining...the free seat area is the only place where it's partially covered. I think the regular seats are pretty reasonable as well. Prices are $10 to $79. I don't think they've raised prices in several years, which just shows how well the MUNY is run. You definitely feel the fans better in the regular seats, but it's always still pretty muggy if that's the weather du jour. I think the shows themselves are as good as any Broadway show. I think there's only one show that I didn't like, and that was Cats. The actors are amazing, the scenery and visual effects are astounding, and the sound system is top notch for being an outdoor amphitheater. It makes Broadway look simple as the acoustics are built in...here, they have to deal with occasional overhead airplanes/helicopters from nearby BJC. The only thing I would change, if I could at all, would be the season's running time. Instead of going from late June to mid-August, I would do three or four from May to June and then take a break until late August until mid-September. The weather would be better, but I guess that would take away some of the abilities for the kids to participate in MUNY. Oh, and I used to think that it was crazy trying to go to the washroom at the MUNY, but then I discovered the washrooms on the sides of the theatre...much smaller lines than ones on top. Dress varies: you'll see people in tank tops and shorts and you'll see people all dressed up. I love how the MUNY is casual for those who want it to be and a night out for the others. It's just that kind of place. I can't wait to see Chicago, Aladdin, Joseph, and Pirates this year! Meet me at the MUNY!
<review# 740,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/5/2011,1/31/2012,207,169,20,12,9>It's Friday. I'm recovering from a sleep deprivation hangover. So what do I do? I go and get myself Bo Funged. And I liked it.Bo Fung is like a block from my house, and ever since I moved here I would look at this place and shudder. I actually thought it wasn't even open, it looks like a vacant crack house or dead body storage or where that rat from teenage mutant ninja turtles keeps his lair, if he were Chinese and stuff.Anyway, that noise below about Hot Braised Chicken is no joke. I didn't even know what in the Chinese calendar hell Hot Braised Chicken was but I got it anyway. Why? Because if that many people are going into Bo Fung We Really Don't Hide Dead Bodies Chinese Kitchen and talk about one specific dish at a chinese place for fried rice's sake, that shit has got to be good.I mean that chicken meat was tight and white!The rice, lo mein, egg roll, and rangoons were also better quality than you get at the chain chinese like the china gardens and friends that you see everywhere. So like, Fung Off my friends. Tell em Splinter sent you.COWAFUNGA!!!
<review# 741,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/8/2012,1/30/2012,99,408,5,12,9>UPDATE: Try the sweet and sour chicken (I'm serious). KC is hands down THE most authentic Chinese restaurant in the St. Louis area. (FYI, the profile photo is not for this business. It is of Jia Xiang, a smaller Chinese restaurant next door, which also has solid authentic food). KC and Jia Xiang are the reasons that I haven't set foot in LuLu (across the street) in years. Both places have been relatively "non-user friendly" to non-Chinese speakers in the past but they both have English on their menus these days so if you can't find a native to go with you, you can always resort to pointing at items on the menu. KC serves Chao Zhou style cuisine. Chao Zhou is a city in eastern Guang Dong province, which is where Cantonese cuisine originated. Cantonese style food in America gets a bad rep because the Americanized version of it is what every Chinese take out place offers, almost always super greasy, with heavily breaded mystery-meat and thick sauces. But the real Cantonese cuisine is much more sophisticated, well balanced with complex flavors, and almost never greasy. Early Chinese settlers in the US came from Southern China. As such, Cantonese cuisine is the first and most prevalent Americanized Chinese cuisine. This is the place to visit if you have always wondered what is the authentic version of Panda Express (although you won't find many of the same dishes here because they simply don't exist in China). I have lived in the US for a long time and have gone to many Chinese restaurants over the years. But I can count with one hand the places I have visited that served truly good food (as in if the chef moved camp back to China, his business would flourish nonetheless). KC is one of these places. Definitely try their stewed/marinated meat. On my last visit, we got the stewed meat sampler, which was delicious. However, the sampler does include things like intestines, so probably only for adventurous eaters. For entry-diners, the soy bean chicken is tasty and I always like just simple vegetables dishes here.There is zero atmosphere and service is often hurried (because the chef often has to take orders himself and cook at the same time). It's semi-self service. You grab a bowl from a stack and get rice from two big cookers by the door. One other interesting thing about KC is they make a variety of desserts in the dirty-looking friges behind the counter. I don't remember if the names on the frige have English translations or not, but honestly, it's almost impossible for me to tell which item in the frige corresponds with which name. So order at your own risk as we normally do :P
<review# 742,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/9/2012,1/29/2012,159,623,11,13,6>ASK HIM TO MAKE YOU A BULGOGI HOAGIE!!!!!Bulgogi... on a hoagie... with two eggs over-easy with gochujang and kim chi.You're welcome.The guy manning the griddle is pretty awesome and will make anything that you ask of him, like the aforementioned bulgogi hoagie. The prices are decent and the food comes out at a decent pace.  If only U City Grill were still an all out diner as well... alas.One other random note:  Indian Coworker that I've had to work around veganism on some days and able to eat seafood on others decided to let me know that he can also eat lamb on some days!  He had the gyro omelet and it was his first time having a gyro... and loved it.We have been eating at Pita+ for the past 6 months and he NEVER even bothered to ask whether their gyro only had lamb in it...I feel as if I don't even know the guy anymore.  He really needs to get me a color-coded monthly calendar on what he can eat... I mean c'mon...*edit:  Wikipedia to the rescue - en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bu…
<review# 743,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/22/2011,1/28/2012,92,533,6,9,7>India Palace is a sort of nice restaurant with a dose of funky. By funky, I mean bamboo and tiki looking decorations I would usually associate with Borneo or Tahiti and pink napkins that just seemed more weird than formal.  Service was attentive, but not exactly what I'd call friendly.  My server was a very gloomy guy in a turban.  I kept hoping I wasn't doing anything wrong. I challenge all yelpers to come to India Palace and try to get this guy to smile.This is my second visit here, the first being several years ago.  I had lamb vindaloo that time and it was excellent.   Today I had the lunch buffet for $10.  I'm  not sure if you can even order from the menu at lunchtime.  All the food I tried was good.  All the usual dishes; Chicken Marsala, Tandoori Chicken, some meatballs made of...um...goat, horse, frog? Not sure, but definitely meat.  Tasted like veal, which I'm quite certain it wasn't.  The best item, though, was at the end of the buffet; some vindaloo sauce that could be added like salsa to kick up the heat.  For my first plate, I tried a little.  For my return, the vindaloo sauce went over all of it.  Don't tell anyone in India I did this.  Don't tell the guy in the turban, either, but it all tasted better.  As noted in other reviews, this place has a spectacular view of the Lambert runways.  Parking is weird - just head into the parking garage...you'll figure it out.  Coming from Lindbergh, you also need to drive WAY around the block to get there.  From the point where you're 20 feet from the parking lot, it's still about a half mile drive or more. So since I love Indian food and it was all good, I have to say I'm a fan.  My two trips have left me with the impression this is maybe the best Indian in St. Louis.  I'm no expert, but if you like Indian, put this place on your list.
<review# 744,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/3/2011,1/27/2012,165,166,5,7,9>When someone recommends Chinese food, I usually cringe. I know it's going to be D-Day for the healthy eating I've been attempting and bloated lethargy + super guilt for the rest of the day. Deep fried yum covered in sugary corn starchy sauce? I love it, but I have no concept of portion control when it's set in front of me. This feeling in addition to fresh memories of yesterday's workout made me a little anxious about my lunch date today. Call me OCD, but I know there are people out there like me. And if you are? Fear not! House of Wong offers three steamed dishes - veggie, snow pea, and broccoli. You can add plain chicken or shrimp to the dish and you can choose from two different sauces that are made on the healthier side. I didn't even have to ask for mine on the side because that's how it's served! What makes this better? You can get brown rice!This is not on the lunch menu, so you can't take advantage of low lunch price specials, but the portion is big enough for two people/two meals and it's well worth the price and peace of mind. Nothing was over cooked or over sauced. I left this Chinese food excursion feeling light rather than crying soy sauce tears and whining for my bed.HofW also has a full, bona-fide bar and a comfortable, updated ambiance so unlike the hole in the wall I get my Chinese food at in Affton. Consider House of Wong marked with my yuppified stamp of approval.
<review# 745,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/7/2011,1/26/2012,36,74,2,8,5>My folks are in town and we woke up this morning at 6am... and when I say "we" I don't mean "me".  Anyway, I was looking around Yelp for a breakfast place that was open early and discovered this placed opened at 7am....tack on the 20 mins it takes to drive out + the get ready time and wala... you f ind me in Chesterfield at a ridiculously early hour for pancakes.I previously gave this place a 4-star and was very happy with it.  This time I was extremely happy! I got the gluten-free blueberry pancakes which come with a blueberry compote they make in house... they were the lightest, fluffiest, freshest pile of wonderfulness on a plate I've had in quite awhile. Seriously fantastic.  Deserves an upgrade to the 5-star status.  Yay!!  I not only love giving these but love finding a place I can go back to again and again.  Thank you OPH for making such an awesome gluten-free option for me!!My folks are not GF.  They both ordered the french toast and gave enthusiastic praise. On a side note, they put all items for the GF person on red plates (everyone else gets white) so there is no mix-up back in the kitchen or on delivery to your table.  I've never seen this done anywhere else but it's a pure stroke of genius.  If you are eating GF and a non-red plate lands in front of you speak up!!
<review# 746,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/19/2011,1/25/2012,384,258,,5,3>Stopped at the Chop Shop truck after a Randy Dandy show about midnight show to grab some sushi.  We were a little skeptical but VERY hungry so we thought "what the Hell".We ended up ordering some spring rolls and HUGE fresh roll that was on the menu.....I wish I could remember the name of it, but it was pretty late. :)Everything was sooo yummy!  The spring rolls were smaller but you get 3 and are the perfect size to eat in the car....nice and flakey too.The bigger roll you probably want to wait until you can concentrate on not making a mess.  I will be ordering that roll again.  We'll be keeping tabs on where to find them in the future!
<review# 747,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/6/2011,1/24/2012,213,311,4,7,4>Wanna get your dance on in the CWE? Come to Mandarin! Yes, it is more upscale and snooty than other area dance party hot spots, but I will take this over the slop at Talanya's or Gitto's any day. The party doesn't really start hoppin' until about 11:30 but that is usual at any dance joint. Must have enough time to get a little saucy before being able to bust out the moves. Drink prices are average ($5 for a house mixed drink) and the dress is classy. The patio is the place to be as it looks out to the Chase fountains. Very nice.
<review# 748,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/27/2011,1/23/2012,98,1037,2,11,9>That friggin sandwich was incredible!On the way to the Blues game I stopped in for a sandwich that I could sneak into the game.  I'd never been to LeGrand's before, but the counter boy suggested the Legend Club.  He promised me I wouldn't be disappointed. By the way, the menu is posted under the counter and isn't organized at all.  If you're going to go, you may want to choose your sammie ahead of time.  Here's their menu... legrandsmarket-catering.….  None of their sandwiches are over 6 bucks.Anyway, I got to the Blues game and proceeded to chow down halfway into the first period.  Holy effing shiznit.  This thing was awesome.  It included a good portion of flavorful meat with garlic cream cheese and a spicy sauce.  I also picked up some of their homemade jerky.  It was the best jerky I've ever tasted.  Super smokey and not so tough that your jaw gets sore.  I've really never heard much of LeGrands before... but based on one visit, I'll throw it up there with some of the best sandwich shops around.
<review# 749,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/14/2011,1/21/2012,456,314,3,8,8>Went for lunch and boy what a lunch.  The service was outstanding.  I ordered a gyro with a small Greek salad.  The food was out quickly.  The salad was crisp and cold and the server added the perfect amount of cracked pepper.  As soon as the salad was finished whoosh away goes the plate a new drink hit the table next to me before I was 1/2 finished.  Away the server goes and bam here comes the gyro.  It was warm and full of delicious beef and lamb slices and a huge amount of sour cream uh err  tzatziki  I was just teasing about the sour cream.....  It was delicious.  I was a clean plater.  Have you ever been sad when you have finished your meal and wish it would have lasted longer?  This was my meal today.pk
<review# 750,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/28/2010,12/10/2010,51,252,,9,5>After a year of mainly getting the Cinnamon Roll for breakfast, I deviated and ordered the "Bacon Waffle." Awesome! I don't know how they got a waffle so perfectly shaped but it was. The first bite is confusing to your taste buds - sweet but smoky salty? Then by the second bite you pull it together and say, "Yes! This is a great marriage of flavors!" Kind of like when you have a breakfast plate with pancakes and bacon and you accidentally get some syrup on the bacon? Or you take a bite of bacon with the pancake? Only better! My new favorite.
<review# 751,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/5/2010,12/9/2010,22,89,,5,2>A nice little find on Lafayette Square.The place is right by Lafayette Park with all the other restaurants and shops which lends a nice romantic atmosphere to it, and the ambiance inside is so quaint.The place wasn't so busy that night, so we were blessed to have had excellent customer service.The food, while not fantastically, unforgettably exceptional, was pretty tasty. I had the penne primavera with tomatoes, broccoli, mushrooms, artichoke hearts and green onions sauteed in olive oil with fresh garlic. My husband had the pesce alla Elisabetta with shrimp, crab, and clams in a delicate butter sauce. Both dishes were sauteed and buttered just right...The large servings were humongous that we had to take some home. My only beef was that there was more pasta than the veggies and other trimmings - I like the opposite!Overall...pretty decently priced, good reliable food, neat atmosphere.
<review# 752,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/7/2010,12/8/2010,54,382,,6,4>Came here for dinner with a friend and was pleased to find that Local Harvest Cafe has a little bit of something for everyone and for a decent price point!My friend got the squash lasagna.. and normally I'm a big fan of a good, meaty lasagna, but her lasagna was so tasty, I didn't even notice the lack of meat! I got the meatloaf, served with some greens and mashed potaters. For $13, the serving was definitely more than generous in size and in taste!After seeing the table next to us get dessert, it made it pretty hard to pass up the chance to try one (or rather, two!) of their delicious pies. My chocolate creme silk and my friend's blackberry-peach pie (a la mode!) made me look (even more) forward to Thanksgiving! The best part about Local Harvest Cafe is that their food is locally grown & sourced. And for a reasonable price point and a great ambiance for a relaxed meal, there's nothing else I can ask for!
<review# 753,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/20/2010,12/7/2010,151,293,4,8,4>I had the most outstanding service the last time I was here - like 25% tip good. Our waters were always full, and my boyfriend had a beer before we even sat down! (This is after we were trying to decide if we wanted to sit outside or inside, and our waitress overheard him saying to me, "I don't care, I just need a beer!") How awesome is that?Their margaritas are fantastic as well - no pre-made mix here!The food was pretty good, though neither one of us ventured out much, we didn't order anything too "exotic". Next time, next time!I'm sad that "margarita season" is coming to a close, so I'm tying to soak up the rest of summer the best I can - with those tasty, tasty margaritas.
<review# 754,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/20/2010,12/6/2010,72,204,2,9,4>My husband and I wanted to go out to a nice italian place for our anniversary. We've previously been really disappointed in what "The Hill" had to offer, so we were looking for any italian place around the city. This is a location we've wanted to try for awhile considering the growing number of glowing Yelp reviews. Our experience was flawless. We arrived early on a Tuesday evening and were seated right away. Of course, this isn't before we spotted the amazing full handlebar mustache on the bartender out front. Just an observation. The restaurant is far bigger than we thought it was, judging from the outside. The area we were in was decorated nicely, though I couldn't help but feel like the building itself felt like an old office building. It didn't bother me, but another observation for the night. :-)Our waitress promptly came out to ask for our drinks and answered a few questions I had about the wine list. I was unsure about one, so she brought some out to taste. It was a larger helping than I expected from just a taste and after I'd ordered a glass of it, she let me keep the remaining few sips I had in my tasting glass. Very nice. The bread they bring out was very warm, crispy on the outside and very soft and fluffy on the inside. They don't serve it with butter, but some kind of hummus looking stuff which I couldn't place, but it was very garlic-y and awesome!We ordered off the $10 menu which is something they do just Mon-Thurs, I believe. Most of the options looked awesome, so while we weren't planning on doing that, we didn't see why not. I had a braised, grilled pork served with Ciabatta and truffle Parmesan fries, and my husband ordered a bacon, basil, chicken pasta dish. Everything was spectacular and the portions were perfect. Everything was so flavorful without being too salty or heavy on any particular spice. We also splurged for dessert and I had a chocolate mousse and my husband had the tiramisu. Both were very tasty. Not the best tiramisu in the city, because it was a little too moist for me, but overall, very enjoyable.  The service was perfect as well. Attentive, but not too much. There were plenty more items I wanted to try on the menu, so I'm sure we'll be back soon enough. So far, our favorite Italian in St. Louis!
<review# 755,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/12/2010,12/5/2010,30,38,7,8,8>When I came to St. Louis I was adrift, without a hair stylist, lost, afraid, and looking like a hot mess.  After far too long I begged an acquaintance to tell me when she had gotten her hair cut, and she directed me to Callie at V. Vegaz.That was three years ago, and I haven't looked back since.  Every time I go in I ask for a different hair cut, and every time I leave positively giddy.  I've gotten my hair trimmed when it was long, trimmed when it was short, chopped off, fixed, layered, given bangs, all of it.  My hair is slightly curly and I have some funky bits that just do not want to cooperate.  Callie takes it all and makes it better.  I've recently started getting my eyebrows waxed there and that has also been a positive experience, even though it wasn't with Callie. They always offer me tea or coffee, take my coat, and I get a killer scalp massage.  They're open until after I'm done with classes, and they are extremely flexible when things come up and I have to move my appointment.  In short, I love it here.  So much.  I've already started wondering, "what will I do when I graduate college?  Who will cut my hair?"  I'm thinking a road trip every six months sounds reasonable, right?
<review# 756,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/9/2010,12/4/2010,144,692,1,3,3>Hey suburbanites, the Benton Park neighborhood is a great place to visit for lunch on a sunny fall day, a perfect time to get acquainted with Blues City Deli. You'll park on the street for free, walk a minute or two to the storefront, and wait your turn at the counter. But, as another reviewer noted, the line moves quickly and efficiently. After payment, you're given a plastic numbered card, and a friendly server finds you and delivers your order, whether you are seated inside or waiting out on the sidewalk. I enjoyed a #3 (The 'Benton Park' Po-Boy -- no onions, please) and potato salad. I loved the red pepper sauce and the fresh sweetness of the potato salad. For Edwardsvillians, the best comparison may be made to Township Grocer, which has a very limited selection of sandwiches, but - in my humble opinion - BETTER meat!
<review# 757,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/8/2010,12/3/2010,88,54,3,7,4>I love love love Bailey's Chocolate Bar. *I love the decor, lighting, and overall atmosphere. It is very romantic. I would recommend going here on a first date or a meet and great for a few drinks. *The drinks are AHHHMAZING. The "Milk" martini is my favorite. Who doesn't like drinking out of a Chocolate straw? *They don't have a huge menu so I wouldn't go here for dinner or with a picky eater. *The pricing is a tad bit steep so also don't go there with a cheap date, I know from experience!
<review# 758,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/19/2010,12/2/2010,128,33,3,13,10>For a coffee shop, the taste of its coffee is just as important as the aroma of its environment.  I would say that Shaw's Coffee LTD has both of these qualities to make it as one of the top coffee houses in St. Louis.I visited Shaw's on a Saturday and I just loved its cozy setting for a lazy afternoon.  I always get the house coffee for my 1st cup at a coffee shop to test its flavor and my 1st cup of Shaw's was full of boldness and smoothness.  Loved it!One thing that I do like about the setting was that there are a lot of seats & tables inside and outside the shop.  Whether it may be their high tables with bar stools or the corner couches with low coffee tables, each section of the store has its uniqueness to it.  (See pic)Only downside is that the coffee shop closes at 6PM on weekdays (Mon - Thurs) - which is way too early for a grad student like me, who needs to stay up late to finish my readings.  But I am definitely coming back here!
<review# 759,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/26/2010,12/1/2010,15,75,5,4,3>We took our son here today for a friend's birthday party.  I was impressed. The tram ride over is a nice little tour with interesting historical facts.  Various types of happy deer and birds are scampering about.  The bison seemed quite content.There is a little bit of everything at Grant's Farm.  There are a manageable number of animal exhibits.  My husband enjoyed the free beer.  My son really loved the carousel.The goat situation is a bit out of control.  Our son was scared to feed the camels (no matter how many times my husband and I showed him that they were harmless).  But, he agreed to feed the goats a bottle.  Next time we will feed the goats from outside the pen.   It is really crazy.  My understanding is that is is partially because it is summer, and the goats are all fairly grown at this point.  One goat pounded my son in the chest with his hoof trying to get at the bottle.  The bigger goats take out the smaller goats that you are trying to feed.  Some poor toddler fell, and the goats swarmed her.  You knew that she would be fine but was sustaining some serious childhood trauma.I do not understand why dramatic Disney music is played at the Tram station.  Very odd.  Also, I wish there were some better food selections.
<review# 760,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/5/2012,6/1/2012,54,382,,8,6>One of the best brunch places I've been to St. Louis = four stars for Scape! Came here for brunch around 12:30 pm and the place was fairly packed. Thank goodness we had reservations! My friend and I employed our usual strategy: one sweet entree and one savory entree. After reading all the glowing reviews, we went the Wimbledon French Toast route (cream on the side) and the Dixie Eggs Benedict (gravy on the side). I got a mocha while we all waited for our entrees, which was delish and came with a biscotti (genius!). The complimentary doughnuts were pretty good too -- I think they had a coffee cream inside? I wasn't completely sure but what's not to like abt fried dough sprinkled with powdered sugar?!A short wait later came our food. Verdict? Wimbledon French Toast -- delicious! Maybe it was because we got it with the cream on the side but I felt like I still needed to add some maple syrup to it. No matter cause I enjoyed the texture of the french toast "logs" and the strawberries. YUM. As for the Dixie Eggs Benedict, I could probably have gone without this. Not just because the Wimbledon French Toast was big enough to feed our table of four twice over, but because the eggs benedict were just.. okay. I think it might've been the biscuit that did me over but I'm not really sure at this point. Despite the alright eggs benny, I just have to give this place four stars because they did nail the french toast, served complimentary doughnuts, and is reasonably priced. Definitely stop by here to get your brunch on if you're in the area or even if you're not -- it's worth the drive!
<review# 761,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/19/2012,5/31/2012,29,342,1,7,5>We had a planned double date with a couple from Chesterfield. This gave us the perfect opportunity to meet at Thai Sawadee.We arrived at 6:30pm, it was dimly lit and had a nice ambiance. We were seated quickly and helped by a very nice gentleman. Our drink orders were taken and we socialized for a while before placing our orders.My girl and I ordered Papaya Salad as an appetizer, Pad See Ew and Prik King Beef for dinner, and a side of fried rice.The papaya salad was sweet, spicy, and very refreshing. The Prik King Beef was wonderful. It was mostly soy based and came on a bed of snappy green beans. It was a winner. My favorite was the Pad See Ew. It had wide rice noodles with a soy based sauce, fresh broccoli, and deliciously tender chicken.  Every bite made me want more. I always order a side of fried rice here. Something about their fried rice makes me smile. I am a fried rice fan, and this is my favorite fried rice ever. It's simple, not too dark, just salty enough, has a hint of oil, and is well worth the $3 price tag.The couple we were with got the Pad See Ew and the Chicken Soup Curry. They seemed to really enjoy their meal as well.Now for the more important details. My girl, and the couple we were with, have all been to Thailand for extended periods of time. They have walked the streets of Thailand and had the authentic fare, and they all agreed that this was some of the best the US has to offer. Their firsthand experience is worth a heap of knowledge to me. :)My only complaint is that the bill for us was $45. That's a bit pricey, but the quality of the food was just amazing, so I got over it.Simply put, the best Thai I have found in the St. Loius/St. Charles area. Better than The King and I, and that was a pretty hard act to follow.
<review# 762,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/25/2012,5/30/2012,192,105,7,9,4>Besides having a special place in my stomach, Mai Lee has a special place in my heart as well. I remember when it first started as a hole-in-the-wall place, and now their business has expanded into one of the places you want to eat in St. Louis. I'm going to make this short because there's too many good things to say about this place, and I don't want to chase my readers away with a long, boring review. IN SHORT, I "PHOKING" LOVE MAI LEE!!!!!!!!!!The Pho is great! The spring rolls are fresh! The bahn mi sandwiches are delicious! Also, I don't think there's anything bad on their menu. If you go out for dinner, I recommend the Bo Luc Lac (#89-beef cubes), Ga Xao Lan (#91-chicken curry in coconut milk and lemongrass), or Ga Quay (#99-ginger chicken). I usually say the number on the menu because I feel like an idiot, attempting to pronounce the actual name of the entree.
<review# 763,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/3/2012,5/29/2012,24,184,3,7,3>This business is opened in the former "Pam's Chicago-Style Dogs and More" and it has essentially the same exact menu and classic Vienna Beef/Kronos meats offerings as Pam's, but without the distinctive Chicago sports decor.Went in on Saturday thinking it was Pam's but the new owners and employees were quick to greet us and announce they were the new owners.  Only then did I notice that all of the Chicago sports memorabilia had been removed from the walls and the "Pam's" signs removed from the menus.Otherwise, didn't see a whole lot of difference in the menu but the prices sure seemed better and easier to "combo" meal.It may have just been my imagination, but the place also seemed cleaner and somehow less cluttered.The dogs, for sure, were just as snappy and delicious as before.  I would even say they were perfect!  The only item on a true "Chicago Dog" that I could take or leave is the "sport peppers" and in this incarnation, the kitchen packs each dog with only a single small pepper, in a manner that it can be easily removed if so desired.  However, I would bet that if the sport pepper is your thing, they will gladly add more.As mentioned in an RFT piece announcing Pam's closure (I found while searching for the name of this place), the new owners apparently used to run a kebob place on Grand so that may become an addition to the menu that already includes burgers, several styles of hot dogs (Coney, New York, etc), gyros, Italian Beef, "Wisconsin" Brats, Philly Cheesesteaks, chicken tenders, chili-cheese or regular fries, and my absolute favorite, the deep fried Pizza Puff.  If you haven't tried one of these, you're in for a treat!Also a decent selection of ice cream treats (drumsticks, ice cream sandwiches, dixie cups, etc).The only negative I could add to this review is that they either were out of or no longer have Iced Tea as a beverage option.  There was fountain soda and 2 types of lemonade available.  Pricing ranges from $7.99 for the large combo which was 2 Chicago Dogs, Fries, Drink to $6.99 for Jumbo Chicago Dog, fries, drink to the $5.99 for a smaller sandwich with fries and drink.I was a big fan of Pam's and I will definitely give this owner my return business when I feel the need for a tasty hot dog without any "trick" seasonings or flavors.  For me, there's something about a Vienna Beef dog that separates it from Nathan's or Turkey Hill or any other.  Maybe that's my Chicago-land upbringing.  In any case, I hope you have the same satisfying and crave-fulfilling experience as I did!
<review# 764,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/8/2012,5/28/2012,103,317,10,10,12>I'm actually really kind of surprised they haven't called security on me whenever I'm in here. Because even my friends pretend they don't know me when we visit. I'm the one usually sniffing at everything, pressed up against the glass. Their mainstays are coffee, tea, spices, cheeses, and cured meats. When you enter, you're pretty much hit with a cacophony of smells, all of them wonderful. I kind of like imagining the confusion that my olfactory system must undergo with the sharpness of all the flavors, none of them mild. The coffee is a must-hit. They're the same brand as one of the coffee and tea shops on Main Street in St. Charles, and makes it much closer for me. The prices are reasonable, about what you would pay at Starbucks for the same amount. Usually you'll end up spending about $12.00 - $14.00 for a pound. If price really matters, a) the St. Charles one is slighter cheaper, b) you can name the amount you want, c) it's freshly ground, and d) they have a lot more variety than Starbucks does. I really enjoy Amaretto Royale, Caramel Creme, Sinfully Sinful, and English Toffee. But I also like smelling the beans from Irish Creme, Creme Brulee, and Snickerdoodle. For some reason though, my coffee from those beans just doesn't taste as good as I imagine they would. It's probably because I don't have a $20,000 machine that presses the grounds at the perfect water pressure to extract all that smell into flavor. While their tea selection is not as extensive, what they do have is pretty solid. My favorites are the peach and the oolong. Prices will run you about $12.00 - $16.00 a pound, and yes, you can order different amounts. They do not have the frou-frou, hip, and happening tea character as Teavana, but they are a lot cheaper and just as flavorful. They do not have the same vast selection (like masala chai) as several places on Main Street in St. Charles do, so if you're a tea lover, it may pay to go over to St. Charles, but they do have the basics.Their mainstay is their spices though. They have everything under the sun, freshly ground and smelling like it. Like another poster, I like to get whatever I need, and then also get something to experiment with. I'm currently experimenting with tandoori spice, which was super cheap at $1.90 for 2 oz. I love how the spices are labeled with either recipes or meals to utilize the spice. The spices are usually cheaper than Penzey's, a little bit more expensive or on par with ethnic markets (but the selection way outpaces the other markets), but always flavorful. Sometimes I just like to go in and browse all the spices lined up in their neat little rows under the counter; it appeals to my OCD-ness. They also have dip mixes and locally-made jams and other party sides you might need to throw a quick appetizer together. Unfortunately, I really can't tell you much about them because...sniffing through cardboard is pretty hard, so I've never been really tempted to get anything in a box. Go get high...on spices!
<review# 765,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/24/2011,5/27/2012,132,135,3,8,6>BIg Sky is kind of obscure. Nobody really ever talks about it, but everyone seems to know it exists. This, combined with their fantastic looking menu enticed me enough to go.Started off with the Watermelon-ginger sangria. At first taste, i was not sure if i liked it. But several more sips and i was sold! I didn't taste much ginger but it did have a strong melon taste...maybe midori? It was very light and perfect for a hot day. Okay, so the worst part of this meal was figuring out what to eat!!! So much looked amazing. I started with the Farmers Sprout salad. I tend to shy away from ordering salads because i eat them so much and they are really easy to make at home but Big Sky commits to local produce and the salad sounded delish - and it was. But it would have been PERFECT if it had a bit of sea salt sprinkled over top the eggplant that was in the dish. But, i'm just being picky cause it was darn good.For my next course i went with the Smoked Trout Croquettes. I just adore smoked trout so i new i needed to eat this. When thinking of Croquettes - I typically think of a fried food. The server seemed to anticipate this and let me know the dish was not fried and was served cold. I went for it anyway, after all its hot as hell outside! Um, so yeah...it was basically amazing. The croquettes looked kinda small and sad at first but after polishing off the dish i was extra full! They were served over a bed of raw spinach, perfectly cooked asparagus and topped with a horseradish creme sauce and...pickled onions. The pickled onions were so good and added the perfect sour/sweetness to the dish. Well done! I would most definitely eat this again, and in fact i am going to try to recreate this dish myself.Service was great, and they have a super cute patio..way too hot today but on nicer evening i wold love to go out there and have a glass of that sangria. I want to try more of what they have to offer, as i didn't even make a dent in their fantastic looking menu.
<review# 766,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/29/2011,5/26/2012,159,623,4,7,7>4 Hands... cuz there are 4 guys that run the place.  They're all pretty friendly to talk to and you gotta love it when you see other brewmasters come in for a drink, themselves.Had a tasting of 4 of their beers (fitting, isn't it?).  They make some seriously aromatic beers.  I'm a huge fan of their Red and IPA, which, ironically, I'm not typically a fan of.  I'm now working a block away from this place so it's going to be dangerous....So they don't serve food, but you're free to bring stuff in.  Also, they'll try to get a food truck there every so often.
<review# 767,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/26/2012,5/25/2012,92,533,7,10,6>Hushed tones please, this is a Dominic's review.When I visit a restaurant like Dominic's on the Hill - granted there aren't many quite like it - I start to wonder if giving it a glowing review is like saying the '49 Hudson has a smooth ride.   For those of us who keep an eye on the restaurant scene, it's easy to envision places like this folding up shop once the 80% of its customers over 70 have moved on to that great smorgasbord in the sky.  Great food is great food, though, and excellent service is always welcome.  Still, I wonder if people 10 years from now will want to eat at a restaurant that almost feels more like an art museum.   We had two salads and two entrees at Dominic's.  The filet mignon and veal saltimbocca were impeccable, just absolutely great.  The salads were just okay, but I can live with that if the service is attentive and the entrees are that good.  Prices were kind of high, but not ridiculous.  We enjoyed it very much. At the end of the dinner, though, I had the strange feeling I'd aged more than two hours.
<review# 768,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/26/2012,5/24/2012,98,1037,6,12,6>India's Kitchen is easy to miss.  It's nondescript from the outside and in a strip mall next to the Uncle Sam's military surplus store just down from Uncle Bill's.  Inside is nice.  The tables are all set with silverware, stemware and tablecloths.  But last night when we walked in, there was only one other table seated in the place when we entered.  Service, was decent... with one annoying flaw.  Three different employees waited on us... one lady and two older dudes.  Both of the guys mumbled, and even continued talking to us as they were walking away.  It was hard enough figuring out what they were saying through their accents, but the mush-mouth dictation was frustrating.  I just shook my head yes every time as they walked away.  For all I know, they could be saying, "Do you like to have sex with goats, and eat piles of poo?".The girlfriend and I ordered beef samosas to start.  They were handmade, and good.  Flaky crust and a hint of sweetness in the meat.  That's one fun thing about eating Indian food... they use spices that you can't quite identify.  We followed the appetizer order with the #10 feast for two.  Go ahead and judge.  Only a glutton would order a dish called Feast for Two AND and appetizer.  Whatever, this is my review not yours.The 'feast' consisted of Tandoori chicken, Chicken Tikka, Shrimp Tandoori, Sheesh Kebab, Lamb Curry, Vegetable Korma, naan, a boatload of rice, two desserts, and coffee.  All this for $37.  It was monstrous.  We were sitting at a booth for four and our table was FULL.  Which got me thinking, they should offer this item as a novelty.  If there is any way one person could eat all of this, they should get it free.  The two of us hadn't eaten all day and I don't think we made it through half of it.Anyway.... all the items were good... but the veggie Korma was awesome.  This creamy pink broth was so yummy.  It had hints of coconut milk, almonds, and cashews.  I would order this one by itself next time.   After dinner we were served some rice pudding mixture that reminded me of horchata, and little pancake balls covered in honey.  They were interesting, but I doubt I'd order either if it wasn't included in the feast.Value - greatFood - goodService - decent... but get ready to play a game of 'what the hell is he saying'
<review# 769,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/23/2011,5/23/2012,213,311,2,12,8>I really love Yellow Farmhouse Winery. It's small, it's a family business, and it's so darn cute!Don't come here if you expect a party like many of the other nearby larger wineries. Don't expect it to be crowded.Don't expect it to be somewhere you can take your huge bus load of wine-o's (they don't like that).Don't expect it to be free.Do come here for excellent Missouri homemade wines and locally made snacks.Do expect friendly, knowledgeable service.Do come to have a good time with your love or a few friends.Yellow Farmhouse has a different business outlook. They aim for quality and personable service. The owners are always working the little tasting room and love to talk with you about their wines while you taste.  Yes, their tasting is not free, but the tasting price goes towards the purchase of a bottle of wine. I recommend the "Norton" (Biker Bar Red), and their "Ruby Norton" port wine is DELICIOUS. And I usually HATE port. They have a hill with cute Adirondack chairs scattered about to relax in and sip your wine. They also have a small patio with tables and umbrellas, and there is usually someone playing tunes on the spring, summer, and fall weekends. My boyfriend and I usually stop here anytime were riding on the Katy Trail or visiting anything nearby. I hope you enjoy it as much as we do.
<review# 770,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/2/2013,12/11/2013,220,464,,8,5>Urban loft & sidewalk cafe design in the suburbs with a breakfast / brunch served till 3 PM made me interested.  The hippie omelette, loose leaf green tea & friendly waitress made me a fan.  Paying a little extra will keep me from making this a regular spot.High ceilings and nice decorations (with a very cool door separating the interior & exterior dining area) made the place seem out of place in St Chuck.... But I had views of the parking lot & highway so welcome to St Chuck.The hippie omelette had great blend of flavors & served with spiced diced fries & toast.  I asked for hot sauce & got a tasty saucer of salsa.The tea was loose leaf in a French press.  I was given a cute miniature pitcher of thick natural honey.  I never had tea from a French press & did not know that it gets very strong & bitter if left in the press.  The last amount of honey was retrieved by pouring tea into the thimble pitcher to dissolve the honey.I will return.  This is a very well planned corporate restaurant & bar with a late brunch.
<review# 771,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/28/2013,12/10/2013,438,182,7,11,7>Okay, I'm in love... Seriously here.I dropped into Culinaria for the first time yesterday and my experience here was by far the best I've ever had at a grocery store, and I wish I could remember the cashiers name..!! First let me say that i spent YEARS looking for Wells Banana Bread beer in the area to no avail.... I walk into Culinaria yesterday, happen to glance over at the chilled beer aisle, and low and behold , there it sat!--- a 4 pack of Wells Banana Bread beer!! whaaaaa????\I was sold right then! I love the atmosphere of this grocer and wish i had more time to spend browsing around the deli area- but on my next trip i can guarantee I will definitely be taking my time... It was on a whim yesterday bc i only needed two items for dinner, and it happened to be the closest place to work.The cashier also told me they do wine tastings up on their little balcony.. and from the reviews I will definitely have to try out some of the food! I'll be back Culinaria! thanks for the awesome experience!
<review# 772,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/26/2013,12/9/2013,97,514,10,8,7>What a great way to spend a day with the wife and kids!This is the first St. Louis festival we've attended but it certainly won't be the last.  Apparently there were about 140,000 in attendance.  I cannot vouch for the other 139,996 guests but I can say that these 4 will be going back again next year.We started at one end of the food row and grazed our way to the other end.  A little burek in the shade under a tree followed by pastry while standing in the middle of the lane followed by...A few stand-outs: - Kurdish kebab - tasted remarkably close to how it did when I was in the middle east- Israeli chocolate croissant - think cinnamon bun made with chocolate and in croissant form - Spanish paella - didn't actually get it but holy crap did I want to!  It looked just like some of the paella I've eaten in Spain- Argentinian empanadas - seriously, I didn't know what they were serving when I got in line but I figured that the longest line of the day had to have something great at the other end of it...I was right! - Skipping breakfast to have a bigger appetite was a good idea but getting there on teenage daughter time offset this because we were all powerful hungry on arrival- Pure luck but we scored a parking spot right at the corner of Magnolia and S. Grand A few things I wish we had done differently:- Brought more water.  $2 for a bottle that I know only costs 15 cents at Sam's club really made me feel the pain of the decision not to bring a backpack full,- Alternated between checking out the food and the crafts.  I rapidly got bored with one and the wife lost patience with the other.  Had we bounced back and forth it would have been better for everyone.Quote of the day: "I don't know where the hell you've been all this time but anything short of 'I was abducted by aliens' isn't good enough!"  This was from a husband pushing a stroller to a wife when she appeared out of the crowd.  Apparently, the aliens must have absconded with their cell phones.
<review# 773,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/28/2013,12/8/2013,24,184,3,5,4>Gran Crü Cigars is fan-friggin'tastic!Occupying the old office side of the former "Soulard Mardi Gras Inc" warehouse, the space received a complete makeover and is now a comfortable lounge with beautiful  bamboo flooring, deep leather loungers and a massive custom-built walk-in humidor shipped up from the cigar pros in Florida.  That alone is worth a visit, cigar smoker or not!BYOB (yes, you may), buy a stogie or 3 and sit back for hours and relax with your cigar pals in deep leather lounge furniture.  There's a refrigerator for you to chill your bevs and keep your ice and the cleanest bathroom you'll find in a public facility in the city.On pleasant weekend afternoons/nights, expect the garage door to be raised for larger groups to enjoy a "smoker" feeling.The owners suggest they will be hosting cigar-centric events, like Cigar 101 class or "pairings" where industry reps propose cigar/scotch/whiskey match-ups.  They may even put Sunday NFL up on their massive projection screen.Whether a cigar aficionado or novice, the staff will get you set up and make you feel at home.  Before you know it, you'll be blowing rings and talking like one of Tony Soprano's crew.   I'm proud to say that Soulard now has the nicest cigar shop and lounge I've ever had the pleasure of visiting and look forward to celebrating the success of this new business.  Long ashes!
<review# 774,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/13/2013,12/7/2013,62,183,2,7,3>If this was just a review for their desserts and pastries, this would be a five star review, hands down. They have DOZENS of varieties of macaroons. I've tried maybe five or six and they are delightful! Perfectly light, flavorful without being too sugary sweet or overwhelming. The lime and passionfruit have been two of my favorites so far.The meringues are also incredible, melt-in-your-mouth amazing. Once I tried a piece of their Godiva chocolate cheesecake; my tastebuds thought they had died and gone to heaven. Today, a colleague brought in their german chocolate cake for the office to share. I don't even usually like german chocolate cake, but even I can admit this was divine. The frosting is just perfect! Rich without being too heavy.The above is all why it pains me that I can't leave a five star review. A couple of weeks ago, I went here for dinner with my boyfriend. After we had been in a couple of times for sweets only, we couldn't wait to try a meal. I was just so disappointed! I got a crepe with a lobster cream sauce, and it was just not good! It was ultra heavy in a bad way and had no decent flavor. The service was fine, but if my review was for dinner only, it would be two, maybe three stars.Overall, I went with four stars as the pastries are just that incredible! I will absolutely be back for them but likely never for dinner.
<review# 775,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/30/2013,12/6/2013,384,258,1,6,6>We stopped in since we were in the area to grab dinner.  This is a sports bar that has a family feel to it.  There were many families eating here and kids all around.  This is a large bar with a really nice outdoor patio area.  If you want a quieter room....they have a back dining space w/ booths that was well lit.  We sat at the bar.Hubby got the wings which he loved and I ordered a Mushroom Swiss burger w/ steamed veggies.  The burger was cooked correctly and even though the veggies were of the soggy variety....they were good too.  The burger's bun was pretty huge so I didn't eat the top.If I'm in Fenton/Valley Park.....I'm sure we'll be back....it's a nice place for dinner.  I'm not a wing person, but Hubby says they are worth ordering if you are.
<review# 776,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/28/2013,12/5/2013,12,169,4,5,4>Sometimes I forget how much I love Dewey's. I gotta say, even though this place specializes in pizza, their salads are almost better. I started with the peppercorn ranch salad and it is to die for. How could it not be, with all my favorite stuff - bacon, parmesan cheese, ranch dressing? All the ingredients are so high quality. You can tell. I also like that it comes pre-mixed, so you don't have to sit there and spew salad all over the table trying to mix it yourself.I love that you can order any of their salads as a side salad and you can order any of their specialty pizzas half and half. This time I tried half Edgar Allan Poe (olive oil, mozzarella-fontina blend, mushrooms, roasted garlic, kalamata olives and goat cheese, tomatoes and parsley) and half of their seasonal pizza, The Cuban, (mustard base, mozzarella, pulled pork, pickles, Canadian bacon, mojo sauce, swiss cheese). Both were great and I liked having two vastly different varieties side-by-side.I'm embarrassed to say, my favorite from Dewey's is still the plain-old pepperoni. Apparently I have the palette of an 8-year old.
<review# 777,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/31/2013,12/4/2013,156,136,1,11,10>I'm an LA Dodgers fan by birth, but this has to be one of the best stadiums in America. Parking is easy, there are tons of bars nearby, and the place has all the vintage charm of the scoreboard from the old Busch Memorial Stadium (it's along the first base side on the lower level inside the concourse) in addition to the amenities that make new fields great- modern elevators, escalators, bathrooms, and wide concourses. I don't think there is really a bad seat in the house. It's also especially nice to be able to see the city skyline over the outfield and the Memorial Arch poking up in the distance, although they do mow one into the outfield for good measure.There are some awesome food spots- the nacho bar behind home plate toward the third base side is my favorite. Another personal favorite are the beer vendors- those guys know how to move up and down those aisles to get you beer.Love catching a game here, even when the Dodgers aren't in town. And yes, of course I cheer for the Cardinals when they're not playing LA.
<review# 778,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/23/2013,12/3/2013,68,91,3,7,4>You walk in the door and you can smell the coffee and the bread. I was offered samples and tried a banana / strawberry bread that was TO DIE FOR!! I really wanted a sandwich.. and thought I'd find something but right when I was getting a bit bummed out.. out of the oven come these sandwich rolls. I ordered the Ham and Swiss.. it was awesome. Maybe I didn't look well enough, but there were no iced coffee drinks.. soda and water are also available. I bought bread to take home, can't wait to try that!
<review# 779,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/26/2013,12/2/2013,108,34,34,18,19>Jet's Pizza might honestly be the least healthy thing I've ever eaten. My life will be at least six days shorter for having eaten it.I of course mean this in a good way.I had never even heard of the place until I randomly found a few pieces of it in my refrigerator one day. It was one of those mornings: My little brother woke me up at the ass crack of dawn -- on my day off! -- to jump start his busted Volkswagen.I was too upset to go back to bed, so of course I decided to get something to eat... and wouldn't you know, there was a box of Jet's in the fridge with a couple of squares left.Jet's makes these weird square deep dish pizzas. I'd describe them as some unholy combination of a Chicago deep dish pizza and something they'd serve in a middle school cafeteria.It's every bit as thick as a deep dish pie you'd get at, say, a Pizzeria Uno, but there's none of that BS where the sauce is on top of the cheese, as if the person who made it was high.Aside from that, however, there's no air of downtown sophistication. This is decidedly downmarket strip mall fare, a sort of deep dish equivalent of a Cecil Whitaker's. With somewhat lower quality ingredients, you probably could serve this in a middle school cafeteria.Note that they do carry regular round pizzas that resemble Papa John's, a New York-style pizza and a thin crust pizza. (Or are those last two the same thing?) The copy on their website subtly recommends against anything other than the square deep dish version, and I'm willing to take their word for it.If the idea of something that resembles a pizza from Papa John's appeals to you, you might want to take some time out to pause and reflect.The square deep dish has a crisp, buttery crust not unlike a pan pizza from Pizza Hut. You can get it with various different flavorings, but I found that the one I got today, with the Turbo Crust (Butter + Garlic + Romano), didn't taste at all different from the one I had the other day, with no flavoring to speak of. Maybe the guy who made it was high.I had pepperoni both times, because I don't believe in getting all kinds of fancy toppings on pizza, generally speaking. It was just regular-ass pepperoni.The mozzarella was a cut above anything you'd get on a pizza from a national chain. It's thick and chewy and kinda milky and salty at the same time (pause), like a real piece of mozzarella... which makes me wonder what some of these other places are using. Better ingredients, better pizza, my ass!Similarly, the sauce must be made from real tomatoes, rather than ketchup and oregano or whatever. But I actually found this kinda off-putting, maybe because I've been eating a lot of bargain basement Jack's frozen pizzas, because I didn't try hard enough in school, and that's now my reference point. I've lost my proverbial taste for coconut.This time, I got some buffalo wings, which were terrible, but I notice both times I had Jet's the pizza came with a Tierney pool-size tub of watery, prison grade ranch dressing. I slathered it all over my pizza, and I honestly do believe that one day I'll come to regret this. I quite literally looked fatter after I did it.As you might suspect, I'm not known for good decision-making or healthy living, but I probably won't be doing that again. But I'll definitely hit Jet's again. #YOLO
<review# 780,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/10/2012,1/12/2013,50,74,,5,5>We finally made it to Vin de Set! Overall it was a wonderful experience. The food was tasty, our server was wonderful, the prices were decent, the view was fab (as always) but the hostess was quite rude.  I really don't feel like it's necessary to write about the outdoor atmosphere at Vin de Set.  If you've ready any other reviews of this place, you know that It's great... that's all you need to know.  The food was very good.  To start, we ordered a cheese and onion Tarte Flambe.  It was very large, very filling, and not to mention, very tasty.  For the main course, I ordered the Ribeye with a side of steak frites.  My mouth is watering just thinking about this dish.  My steak was cooked perfectly and the frites were crisp and salted to perfection.  Jon ordered the House-Made Roasted Red Pepper Noodles.  The dish was comprised of noodles (duh), wild mushrooms, roquette, artichoke, onions & goat cheese.  He LOVED it!  For dessert, we ordered the Chocolate Souffle Roulade.  Oh man, this decadent dish was the perfect finale for the evening.  The prices were fairly decent.  For two alcoholic beverages, an appetizer, two entrees, and a dessert, the tab was around $80.00.  Not too shabby.  The only downside to the evening was the rude front of house staff.  We arrived 5 minutes early for our reservation.  When we stepped off of the elevator and approached the hostess stand, she informed us that it would be a half an hour wait and that "I guess you can wait in the bar, if you'd like".  Hmmmm, okie dokie then.  After ordering drinks from the bar, I walked up to the stand to inform her that we had a reservation.  She informed me that "it will STILL be 30 minutes".  Aside from the hostess mishap, it was great.  I'd definitely suggest Vin de Set for a romantic date night or an evening out with friends.
<review# 781,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/17/2012,1/11/2013,4,128,2,10,4>We were so excited to eat at Gerard Craft's newest restaurant because we are the biggest fans of Niche.  This restaurant definitely lived up to the Craft name!  The space is very open and casual, with a large kitchen counter and open brick oven.  The walls are filled with pictures of Italy, which I'm assuming are from Gerard's travels.  The service was very friendly and quick and the food was fantastic.  The fried risotto cheese balls were excellent and the black pepper pasta, described as adult mac 'n cheese, was ridiculously tasty!  They have gelato and allow you walk up and sample the flavors.  We decided on salted caramel and dark chocolate and both were really good.  It was fun to see Gerard making pizzas in the kitchen and you can even sit at the kitchen counter to eat.  We were very impressed with the quality of the service and food, especially since Pastaria was only it's second night of dinner service.  It's wonderful to have a casual, fun Italian place to go to and I can't wait to go back.  Congrats Gerard and crew for another success!
<review# 782,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/11/2012,1/10/2013,148,364,4,9,8>Who doesn't love waffles?!?! I know I do! You know what's even better? Waffles with any topping I want to choose, including M&M's! My first time at Melt I had t o be greedy and so I ordered the Pumpkin Waffle with M&M's! Yes, I had both and I don't regret it. The atmosphere for Melt is nothing like I would have expected, it's a coffee shop that also has pinball machines and I am pretty sure I also sure a Pac Man machine! I can see myself going back to play some games and drinking some adult coffee? Yes, they have plenty of coffees available for adults. Sounds like a good idea to me. I have been back to Melt a few times since my first visit and each time I have experienced good service and the food/drinks have been tasty! It's a cute spot in a unique neighborhood, go check it out!
<review# 783,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/13/2012,1/9/2013,119,513,2,7,5>Our server Edward completely made our first dinner experience here perfect!  I think I walked away saying he had to have been one of - if not THE - best restaurant server I have ever had.  What a pleasant tone and cadence to his voice - just makes you feel at home.After making reservations, we arrived and were seated in the restaurant near the windows as per our request.  We didn't realize the happy hour specials were only valid in the bar area, but I think Edward sympathized with us and/or could tell we were newbies to Oceano, so he talked to manager Brady and got approved to allow us happy hour specials this time.  (I remembered everyone's names, because everyone was so nice, and I wanted to be sure to recognize them in this review!)1) Happy hour martinis were ice cold for $5; happy hour starters were 1/2 off2) Crab cakes are the most popular app, but in a restaurant like this, try one of the fresh, raw starters - Blackened Big Eye Tuna rolls were unique and quite tasty.3) The scallops were divine - 4 large scallops w/ an incredible beurre fondue topped w/ truffle oil ($24)4) The Grilled Atlantic salmon was delicious atop a bacon-potato cake ($26)5) We had the Grilled Season Vegetables (half price for happy hour off the starter menu) as our side - another Edward recommendation6) The Companion bread with oil is unique and very good, but be careful - it's filling
<review# 784,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/23/2012,1/8/2013,54,226,1,7,8>This review is for beverages only.  However we did see menus and a random plus is that all of their menus are on the back of old LP covers.  A+ for being unique.  This place is definitely the definition of a hipster bar, and that's neither a positive nor a negative.  The atmosphere is nice, with some cool music from a band you've never heard of playing with the old time movie being shown on a projector at the back of the bar.  The location overall is very narrow but high top tables in the back, with booths along the wall and ample bar stool make it comfortable even on a crowded night.    Their pints selection is one of the better ones in the neighborhood, it actually happens to be where I fell in love with Tank no. 7 from boulevard (if you haven't tried it, find it).  Bartenders were funny and sarcastic, which fits the bill quite well, but always prompt to serve up another pint.I've been a couple times now, and am never against going back.
<review# 785,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/16/2012,1/7/2013,25,58,3,8,7>Boy, have I got a secret for you. You know Companion bread? The like, most famous bread in St. Louis? The kind that is used at almost every (good) restaurant and sells like crazy at their bakeries? Well, what if I told you that you could get that bread, pasties and other goodies for super discounted prices - right in South City?Hallelujah!The Companion Early Bird Outlet is at their bakery in South City (4555 Gustine) and is open from 7am - noon, or until they run out. They've got it all - breads, pastries, pretzels, honey, apple butter, bagels, heck, even T-shirts. For $7.15 - seven dollars and fifteen cents! - we picked up a loaf of sourdough, a cinnamon roll, a cheese danish, a pretzel, two choc chip pretzels and a 16 oz Kaldi's coffee. INSANE.
<review# 786,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/20/2012,1/6/2013,91,379,,3,4>I could probably agree with Aimee here even if I am holding at 4 stars.  It does have a very comfortable interior and a nice bar area and we were immediately greeted and shown to a table (but we were only 1 of 2 tables at the time).  We of course started with the hummus, which seems to be exactly like our favorite at Ranoush (which would be right since the owner was previously with Saleem's at that same location) and of course it was excellent.  Very good pita bread to go with it.  We ordered falafel balls, some spicy meat filled donut things (I am so bad at  remembering ...), and some of the grilled cheese ... which is not fried cheese or grilled cheese on bread, it's actually cheese strips that are grilled with oil and herbs, maybe my favorite dish, just grilled enough to have the oil and herbs adhere to the cheese.  Don't expect it to be hot.  The spicy meat filled donuts (not really spicy and in the shape of a fig) were very good and the falafel balls were the best I have ever had with there only be a slight difference in ones I have had at Al-Tarboush.  Maybe a bit creamier is the only way I can describe them but these are a must order I think.I always have to try the baklava, which we didn't like all that much (very partial to greek baklava) but the Harisah - Syrian delight - was an excellent coconut enhanced cake you should definitely order.
<review# 787,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/22/2012,1/5/2013,122,266,3,4,4>This is a little hidden gem!  They do not make homemade ice cream here (this is the only reason they don't get five stars)  its blue bunny and something else.  They have superman ice cream here, which i have been dying to finally try and i was very upset with the colorful ice cream that i found out was just vanilla, i am not a vanilla fan!  But great for those of you that are and are looking for that superman fix!  The women who run this place are amazing...there was a little boy who came in while we were here that asked if he could get ice cream for 10cents because thats what the sign outside said...the lady nicely told him he could get a piece of candy for 10 cents he was so sad and left. She then grabbed a plate ful of cookie ice cream cake time cookies they have and took it outside to give him one, he had other friends with him and so she gave out the whole pan, minus one that she gave to me.I also had asked for one scoop of ice cream and some how my cup was completely full of ice cream, looked more like 2 1/2 scoops to me.My hubby got the blueberry ice cream which was pretty darn good.I would come here again when visiting soulard farmers market.Tip: walk along the other side of the street that runs in front of bogarts to avoid the peddlers by the fence, they are getting annoying.
<review# 788,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/24/2012,1/4/2013,36,209,,5,4>Fresca!  Muy Sabrosa!DH and I stopped here for the first time for an impromptu lunch on Saturday.  We were headed to Tower Tacos, but the musica from the patio lured us in.  We weren't super hungry so we ordered chips and guac plus a couple of tacos each.  Really niiiiiice.  DH had one with marinated pork with pineapple and another with chicken; I went with marinated pork sans pineapple and a chicken.  All were simply deliciosos, especially due to the heaping garnish of fresh cilantro, green onion and lime atop the tasty corn tortillas.The red salsa was a little too intense---we'll try verde next time.  And there will be a next time.The Argentine singers were talented and friendly.  Just a gem of a place.No alcohol is served, and we didn't even care!
<review# 789,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/30/2012,1/3/2013,108,34,22,16,13>I've been to Blueberry going on a million times over the course of the last 20 years, but I've only ever eaten there once or twice. The rest of the time I was of course getting my drink on. #PrioritiesFAILLast night was my little brother's birthday. He's there all the time. He's the eight year-old black kid with the dreadlocks. (If you see him down there, feel free to say hello.) We had a nice, long table in the back room with the dart boards. The scene was kinda sparse, because I heard there was a big event downtown, but then I've never needed other people around to have a good time, now have I?There's an extensive list of beers you can order from, but I just stuck with my usual Miller High Life longnecks, because I find pretty much any beer to be fantastic; because my primary objective last night was to put on a drunk, not to taste orange peels or anything; and because I don't want to be that guy who spends 20 minutes studying the menu. It's not that serious.A selection of appetizers was ordered for the table. Maybe I should have been more proactive in stating my preference? We got a couple of things of chicken wings, which is never a bad selection anywhere, even - god forbid - Pizza Hut, but I wasn't as crazy about the other things we got. The cheese balls, or whatever they're called, didn't taste like anything you couldn't get in a big 10 gallon container from the frozen food section at Sam's Club -  though I did appreciate how unhealthy they seemed, as a matter of principle. Buffalo fries seem like they would be something other than a lump of deep fried potato in the shape of one of those deep fried pickles they sell at the almighty Hooters, like a tater tot someone stepped on, but no, they aren't.Several rounds of shots and a shedload of beers were brought to the table throughout the course of the evening. Things got a little bit rowdy at times, but that didn't seem to be an issue. I've had people there tell me I needed to tone it down, but I don't think they actually worked there. You know how people like to stay in your business. I know like half the people who work there, and some of them even took part in the festivities. One dude was already borderline comatose with his head down on a table by the time I got there at like 7:30. Of course I give the entire staff five stars.I went with the Wagyu Burger, which is a relatively new addition to the menu, and I suspect is a response to the notion that the food at Blueberry actually isn't that good. The burger there was once routinely selected as the best burger in the area, but that was before a lot of places had good burgers - the pre-Yelp era. The new Wagyu burger boasts a full half-pound of "Australian Wagyu" beef, plus bacon (bonus!) and a fried egg on some sort of special bun. It comes in a plastic tray with a sheet of tissue paper and a handful of tater tots that taste just like the ones they serve in high school, i.e. delicious.The special Wagyu beef didn't strike me as being much better than, say, the burgers at Culpeppers, around the corner from where I grew up in Creve Coeur, top of the food chain. It was fine, but I think they're trying to pull a fast one with the fancy name.I asked the guy who brought it out if I could get it mid-rare, and he was like, of course. Of course it wasn't anywhere near mid-rare. (Few places really will sell you a damn near rare burger.)  I wonder if that was because they couldn't really be sure where that Wagyu beef came from. Maybe that was just the cow's - or one of the cows' - nickname.Still, I'd put the Wagyu Burger up there in the top five burgers I've ever had, with the caveat that I haven't been able to try as many burgers as I'd like to, due to personal failings. And it's not like you go to Blueberry to eat gourmet food anyway. It's all about the atmosphere, the location, the toy collection, the occasional hot chick, the cool rock club in the basement, and the condoned drunkenness. The great burger is just an added bonus.
<review# 790,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/2/2013,12/1/2013,213,311,,9,6>I had high hopes for this winery once I heard the idea was in the works and they sure did not get my hopes up! Conveniently located up the street from our lake property, The Terrace provides all things I want in a day at the winery. Beautiful views, plenty of seating options in an open setting, shade or sun options, great live music (with a huge stage and dance floor might I add), and friendly and accommodating staff. Since they just opened they offer a couple of their own wines, but mostly Crown Valley wines for the time being. They also offer a variety of domestic beers and a Crown Valley beer for the non wine-os, which is something that many other wineries are lacking.Be prepared for only outdoor seating, as everything but the bathrooms are outdoors. The bathrooms were air conditioned and very nice. They had plenty of fans around since we came on such a hot day. No food available yet, but they had a food truck on site which was a great idea, and picnic baskets are welcome!If you're looking for a new, beautiful winery to check out The Terrace is a must see! I cannot wait to return in a short 2 weeks!
<review# 791,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/4/2013,11/30/2013,305,185,10,6,5>These donuts are seriously good. In my inadvertent quest for type 2 diabetes, I sought out these donuts as a post-dinner treat. A whole box of donuts.... making great life choices!However, it only took a few bites of these donuts for me to realize that the calories are SO JUSTIFIED by the deliciousness (aren't they always?). As my boyfriend and I always remind each other, narrating the process of our weakening resolve and expanding waistlines, "You can't go wrong with fried dough!" Such is the case here. Allow me to humbly offer a guide as to a few of my favorite selections:APPLE FRITTER. Best I've ever had. Perfect crispy/doughy ratio, great flavor.Blueberry donut. It's healthy, because there's fruit in it.... right?Cruller. You know, the kinda spiral-y one? Super doughy and light.Long John. I've never liked these before, and probably couldn't stomach a whole one, but the frosting was delicious and vanilla-y and won me over.Plain glazed. Stick with the classics.Okay, I'm gonna stop because now I'm just listing off everything that was in my donut box.
<review# 792,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/24/2013,11/29/2013,68,274,5,9,7>Shrimp Poorboy OMG!!  Put on your fat pants and roll in here for fried seafood Wednesday - you won't be sorry you did.The shrimp were ample, obviously breaded in house, and served on a luscious giant roll.  The breading on the shrimp was perfectly seasoned and just enough to taste breaded but let the flavor of the shrimp shine through.  At first I thought the price was steep for a sandwich, but it filled a large plate and was laden with shrimp.  Ladies, this seems to be one of those places where men eat.  Not sure why I mentioned that, but might come in handy for someone who is shopping for a big boy who likes cajun food (which I am not, for the record).
<review# 793,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/1/2013,11/28/2013,78,75,3,7,6>Last night the wonderful waiter told me that while this does end on Feb 9, they will open up again in March and the theme will be Southern food!  I cannot wait for that!The space is beautiful.  I guess you can rent it for events.  If I was having an event, this is where I would go, seriously.  Mega ambiance.We went with the three course and we were very pleased.  I ordered the trout rillette and my hubby got the chicken liver pop tart- we ended up trading because while I am addicted to smoked trout, the layer of duck fat on top of it freaked me out.  I know, stupid, but the bite I had was just out of this world, but the chicken liver pop tarts were calling my name- omg thats all I can say.I had the kale ceasar and it was really good, they could have added about 100 more pieces of  fried chicken skin on top though.My main course was Chorizo stuffed Quail, while really good my husbands scallops looked and tasted amazing.  I let him keep this dish only because I had stolen his appetizer.I stuck to wine but my hubby sampled the cocktails and he was raving about them. The best part of the night was seeing Kate B and Sean and she sent us her doughnuts, they were wonderful! If you love a unique menu in a gorgeous setting and you love Coq, you should get here while you still can!  Feb 9!!
<review# 794,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/6/2013,11/27/2013,44,152,2,6,5>We had some great concrete's here this past Saturday.  My favorite is Vanilla with Reese's Peanut Butter Cups.  It makes me hungry just thinking about it. :)  My wife likes the chocolate custard with oreo's.  I've honestly never had anything here that wasn't good.  They have a sundae that has devil's food cake, custard, and hot fudge.  It is dynamite!  I'm always amazed at how busy this place is, even when it's cold and raining.  The staff does a great job of getting through the lines in a hurry.  Even if the line looks long, there's never a long wait.  I just wish it would have been nice enough for my wife and I to sit outside and eat.  It was too cold so we ate it in the car.  This is a St. Louis landmark, so if you've never been, it's definitely worth trying.  We try to come here several times a year, and it makes a great spot for dessert if you eat dinner at Trattoria Marcella.
<review# 795,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/3/2013,11/26/2013,107,82,7,10,9>Just the other day, I was thinking about how I wished there were a coffee shop in the Grove so I could get some work done before hopping over to Urban Breath, and then Rise opened. That's some weird synchronicity right there.I can't handle how freaking adorable the decor here is. Think someone's super hip and kitschy apartment in Brooklyn, with exposed brick, bright paint, plants growing in mason jars, a vintage bicycle mounted from the ceiling and antique chandeliers ... complemented by a soundtrack of RJD2, Arcade Fire and the Pixies.The upstairs has cozier seating, with 70s style couches and armchairs. There's also a kids' play area on the second level. All the different spaces make this coffeeshop welcoming for lots of purposes -- work, studying, coffee date, snack with the family. They also have tasty looking pastries made by Whisk, one of the best bakeshops in STL. I love the crumbly one with the raspberry center. No soy milk though,  which is weird, but they do have almond milk for the dairy-free. (Is soy milk not cool anymore? Missed that memo ...)Got a bit cramped and loud this morning (have to remember to bring headphones next time), but I managed to snag a small table for doing work, a free coffee (thanks Regions bank!), and a bit of friendly chit-chat with the nice staff. Self-serve water thing seems smart. Plus, they use compostable cups and lids and have recycling under the coffee dressing station. +2 eco points.One small drawback -- they really need to consider extending or at least modifying their hours. Like, not open Monday mornings? WUT? Is there a more pivotal time for a coffeeshop to be in service?
<review# 796,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/4/2013,11/25/2013,148,199,5,7,10>Basso is bangin' - the open kitchen, giant bar, cool cellar/rack wall, gas lanterns and filament lights, truffled thangs and that Spicy Spritz with habanero bitters.... It gets crowded, but in a dark, friendly, communal sort of way. It's almost Spring (Patio Parties!), but I think this classy basement will beckon on rainy/hangover days.
<review# 797,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/17/2013,11/24/2013,102,98,8,12,7>Well hello Bosnian food. Where have you been all my life? Oh yeah, not in Wichita, KS.While STL is lacking in some good ethnic foods it sure makes up for it in other areas.The bf and I decided to try Grbic kind of on a whim. He suggested it and I jumped all over it because he normally suggests the same ol.We walked in and were greeted in a large open room. The hostess was very welcoming and we were seated quickly.Our waiter was friendly, patient, and helpful. He offered explanations of food and suggestions of what we might try based on various things we might be looking for with our orders.We both tried foreign beers and were pleased with the lighter one. I unfortunately can't remember the name of either. I suggest you be adventurous and just try a few.Next time I want to try the flavored brandy.For our appetizer we ordered a half order of Cevapi which is traditional Balkan style grilled beef sausages served with Lepinja bread. O.M.G. Tasty and the sauce that comes with it is so good. I will ask for extra next time.Our entrees came next. The bf ordered Chicken Rouladen. It is chicken breast filled with chopped spinach and feta cheese, breaded and lightly fried served withbuttered potatoes and vegetables. He enjoyed it. I thought it was too rich because of the cheese and the fact that it was fried. The veggies and potatoes were tasty and cooked just right. I ordered the Sarma. Which, I was told, is a more traditional Bosnian dish. Sarma is cabbage rolls stuffed with ground beef and rice topped with a paprika sauce and it came with with golden mashed potatoes. So good! The cabbage was cooked well, the stuffing wasn't too dry or soggy, the sauce was a freaking paprika explosion in your mouth, and the potatoes brought it back home to comfort food. Hvala lijepo, Grbic. Bilo je ukusno.
<review# 798,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/8/2013,11/23/2013,144,692,4,11,5>Things I like about LG:* It has a nifty website, from which I learned the names of the family: Ian, Lilly (of course!), Peyman, and Keivan; and gleaned the fact that the food not only is Greek, but also Spanish and Persian.* LG is two blocks from Randall's, on the same (south) side of the street (yet I never had noticed it). If you're at St. Clair Square, it's five minutes away.* Cherie O., who gets around to all the good places in Illinois, thinks it has one of the best gyros in the area, and that was recommendation enough for me (Thanks, Cherie!).* There's a little yelpburst on the entry door, which feels more and more like a good sign, as it means the owners are paying attention to social media and making an effort to provide an excellent experience for customers, old and new.* The moment I walked in, Lilly greeted me with a smile, offered a menu, and quickly took my order. * The wait time for takeout was only about ten minutes.* The food (lamb shank and rice, chicken shawarma plate, side salad) was excellent, the meats fall-off-the-bone tender, the rice flavorful, and the salad greens fresh. Yes, the building looks worn, and the parking lot has plenty of low spots for puddling water.  But maintaining commercial real estate is an expensive enterprise, and for food this good, I am happy to support Lilly and her family.  Very good local business!
<review# 799,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/17/2013,11/22/2013,46,164,4,6,7>The Mud House is a reliable favorite with coffee house standards as well as many creative menu items.  As you walk in, the space is welcoming and always crowded.  There are a lot of regulars and loyal neighborhood fans, but always new faces as well. This place got in on the Cherokee revival early. There is now a lot of competition in the coffee house/breakfast category up and down the street, but it remains one of the best and most popular.   The order counter is organized and efficient, with the staff always friendly and quick to smile. As soon as I order, I see someone getting started on my drinks.  I love their chai, hot in the winter and iced in the summer.  BF always gets the bottomless coffee and this is one of his favorite local brews.  We like to bring the dogs and sit on the patio.  It does get a bit cumbersome carrying all of our items out.  One of us needs to stay with the dogs, so that means one of us carries the table number, both drinks, plus water for us and the dogs.  It can take a couple of trips!  They do bring the food out when it's ready, so we don't have to worry about that.  The portions are very large.  We frequently get the many varieties of breakfast sandwich, they come a la carte, but are huge and delicious.  We frequently split a side, like the fresh seasonal fruit bowl.  Last time, it was full of huge, fresh berries, plus a melon variety.  Perfect for the warm day!The patio is nice and tucked away in the back of the space, but could also use some additional landscaping.
<review# 800,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/21/2010,5/13/2010,140,254,2,8,6>I'll be honest: The Gelateria is one of the reasons I moved downtown a year and a half ago.Well, the Gelateria and other locally owned businesses, that is. I wanted to be part of a neighborhood that had food and entertainment I could walk to, and where owners/workers would get to know me and be proud of their offerings. The Gelateria is a shining example of all of this. Both before and after the ownership change, customer service and great food has been a huge part of what makes the Gelateria special. Today's Gelateria Tavolini offers about a dozen delicious gelatos, some of which are available nearly all the time, and others of which are available only as holidays/ingredients allow. My favorites are the caramel and the pineapple -- a take-home pint of these flavors have combined to form my dinner on more than one occasion. All of the fruit flavors, including strawberry and raspberry, also are delicious -- the actual fruit really shines through and is so much better than store-bought treats that use that fake chemical fruit flavoring.You can enjoy the gelato in cups or shake form right there in the cozy cafe or to go. A bonus is that most of the dishes/utensils/containers are reusable or recyclable.Gelateria Tavolini also offers a large variety of hot drinks, most of which are coffee and tea. I'm not a coffee drinker, so I gravitate toward the hot chocolate. The hot chocolate at Cafe Cioccolato always will be my first love, but the choc at the Gelateria is good when CC isn't open and is MUCH better than any Swiss Miss you might make for yourself at home.You might want to dunk a pastry into your hot beverage, and Gelateria Tavolini can help with that. There typically are fresh scones, tarts, cookies and brownies for sale. On my latest visit, I sampled a flaky, sugary apple dumpling and was in heaven.As mentioned before, the counterfolk at the Gelateria are friendly and will make suggestions based upon your taste or mood. I usually visit on weekends and see the same young man during most of my visits. He's always smiley and chatty and has great taste in pastries. He also deals really, really well when the place is crowded with youth groups or convention people. A barrage of people might be exhausting or annoying for some people, but this guy manages to keep smiling even after dealing with 13 straight orders.The Gelateria Tavolini really is a perfect example of what people invested in St. Louis' and downtown's future can do.
<review# 801,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/31/2010,5/12/2010,37,93,2,6,6>Let me just start by saying this is a 3.5 star review, but because I live a few miles from Joanie's to go, my pizza was lukewarm when I got home. BUT, and that is a big but, it was really, really, really good - so I rounded up. The sauce was very good - it had a nice spice to it that left a little kick. We got the deluxe, but traded out the green peppers for green olives. Good choice. It's hard to find a good think crust pizza, but Joanie's does it right. The toppings seemed fresh, and there wasn't any provel cheese on this pizza, which is an extra star automatically. We also got an order of spinach and artichoke toasted ravioli's, and those were still piping HOT when we got home, which was a huge plus. The dipping sauce for the t-rav's was really good, tasted home made, like the pizza sauce. The salad was fresh but did have provel cheese on it. Overall I give this place a thumbs up and can't wait to check out the patio at the regular Joanie's, where I can make sure the pizza is hot and fresh!
<review# 802,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/18/2010,5/11/2010,43,228,3,7,7>So today i went on down to the casino, not really to gamble but mostly because i wanted to try to buffet's brunch. However, i have to give some mad props to whomever designed it because honestly, i am impressed with both the outside and inside. The grounds are simply amazing and the view of the river is calming (however, i do have to wonder if it floods, did they have some sort of backup plan.. but i digress!) After getting out little cards and looking around we (myself and a friend) went looking for what we really were there for.... the brunch buffet. OH MY GOODNESS! Yes, i know it's just a buffet but dang it i really enjoyed it. I was shocked to learn that it wasn't the most popular of the buffet's (i think the one with the crab legs IS the most popular... but IMHO this one is). The staff were extremely awesome...When you first come in you pay and are offered a champagne cocktail (completely awesome! AND it's free refills on those) and then are led to your table. It was a little overwhelming to see just how many stations they did have (yes, i know it's not Vegas.. but i like to pretend). I found each of them to have some very tasty offerings in both breakfast/lunch. Yes, it's a little expensive but in all reality it's only a few dollars more then if you go to a regular buffet in town and when the food is much better.. why complain? I was in love with the sweets section and the little angle food cakes (DELICIOUS!). I know i'll be back.. but maybe to see what other things are there!
<review# 803,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/5/2010,5/10/2010,22,86,7,4,7>Here we go, are you ready? Are you sure? No, really, can you handle this? I don't think you can handle this. I don't think you're ready for this jelly, because the custard station is just too Bootylicious for you babe.  Wait, what?  Sorry, my ADD just kicked in.  What I was trying to say is that you can't handle the fact that I'm going to say that the Custard Station is better than Ted Drewes.  Somebody had to say it, might as well be me.  So stick that in your pipe and smoke it St. Louis.{current fave is banana and marshmallow made with chocolate custard. i know right?}
<review# 804,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/3/2010,5/9/2010,159,623,8,8,5>Have you ever regretted your decision as soon as you order something?  Like crap, should have gotten the spicy chicken sandwich meal, instead of going for 5 value menu items... ... and then there's that little window of opportunity to change your mind, but you stick with your decision, and then it's gah... NEXT TIME.Well there will definitely be a next time for Kreis' as despite the fact that I cleaned all but one last bite of my sirloin (the prime one, as the waiter said the rest was choice...), I was eyeing the prime rib across the table as one of our friends ever so slowly went through his.  Getting to sample the plethora of flavors in a bite of that prime rib furthered my regret.That isn't to say that my order wasn't one of the best steaks I've had in St. Louis.  It had a great aged flavor and didn't need any additional seasoning beyond the salt and pepper on there.I can't say that anything else there was very memorable.  Had a crabcake that was decent and an amaretto cheesecake.  A return visit is definitely on just for the steak alone.PRIME RIB!  *Shakes Fist*I'll get you next time....
<review# 805,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/18/2010,5/8/2010,41,37,23,33,19>Every laundromat I've ever utilized has been a deep pit of neverending, Dantean madness. Screaming children run amok; dirt from far-flung parts of the world and indeterminate pre-historical eras coats the cracked linoleum floors; a TV tuned to Jerry Springer blares at top volume, positioned high enough to be unchangeable and unable to be turned off, like a telescreen in "1984."  It is invariably hot as hell, despite the 5 industrial sized fans set to 'cyclonic.' When my building's washer recently crapped out, it was with these conceptions, borne from years in college and no-laundry-on-premises California apartments, that I set out to find a local 'mat. I was positively *dreading* the experience, my fingers crossed several times over hoping for 'passable.'Enter Tiny Bubbles on South Grand. From the outside, it looks a bit dodgy. The place has always made me a bit nervous, which isn't fair, I know, but I'm only being honest.  The building is kind of shabby, with a constant stable of noise out front coming from the folks waiting on the 70 Grand bus. It simply looks like a less than ideal experience -- not dangerous, but annoying as all get out. It's a good thing that appearances can be deceiving: the place is nothing but Laundry Nirvana.You step inside, and it's *big.*  Huge! Tall ceilings, and dozens of mid to high volume washers and dryers everywhere. This is a professional, well-oiled cleaning operation. It's well lit, thoroughly swept and mopped, and there's no lack of non-ass-killing chairs to park yourself in. A cool breeze wafts in from outside; it's pleasant. There are a handful of TVs built in to the very top of the wall, ringing the place just above the dryers. And they're quiet!  And tuned to the Discovery Channel! This touch meshes harmoniously with the large undersea mural painted on an adjoining wall. Images of dolphins frolicking combine with the hum of the washers to lull you into a totally unexpected sense of peace.The prices are no buzzkill.  $2.25 for the medium capacity washers, 4 bucks for the large ones (triple load, they say, and they look it).  A quarter buys you 8 minutes of dryer time, and you won't need more than 30-40 mins to get a medium load nice & toasty dry.  There's a huge bank of folding stations, as well as another big table-style area over on the other side of the place.There aren't a ton of amenities, but there's enough. In addition to the aforementioned TVs, there are a couple of coin-op video games (Zombie Escape or something along those lines + some sort of SNK "1000 in 1" dealie), a soda machine (with Red Bull!), and a snack machine.  Apparently sometimes there's even free popcorn and even coffee, although there wasn't any on when I visited. No wi-fi, but that's almost be asking too much. There's even a clean bathroom that you can use without having the employees treat you with the contempt and confusion normally reserved for if you'd just asked to borrow their brand new Ferrari.This brings me to the icing on the cake at Tiny Bubbles: the staff are the most amazing, nicest people in the universe. In an industry seemingly run by the surliest, most misanthropic people on the planet, this place is the Bizarromat. The owner keeps a watchful eye on the place, keeping things moving and even bringing you socks or towels you happen to drop en route from the washers to the dryers!It's open around the clock, it's next door to the library, it's across the street from Schnucks, and most of all, it's the most civilized laundromat experience imaginable. I was able to sit there, sip my coffee, read the Sunday paper, and *relax.* In a laundrette.  It's almost as laid back as Lawrence Welk, perhaps hence the name. Beat that, any other laundromat in existence.
<review# 806,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/7/2009,5/7/2010,102,258,4,6,7>Milo's is the one place (besides the A-B brewery, because that's sort of given) that I will absolutely force all of my out-of-town visitors to see when they're in St. Louis. The bocce courts were what piqued my interest -- two courts, with sand that banks just a little bit differently each time (which is great, and makes the game just a bit more challenging), and often friendly spectators who are happy to challenge you to a match. I haven't tried the league play yet, but Brandon C and I might just have to see about signing up.Besides the bocce, the beers are reasonably priced, and the food is quite good. I'd put Milo's in my top 10 places to get toasted rav, and their Milo's Special sandwich is awesome. The bread is really fantastic, and way better than the kind you find on sandwiches in most bars.
<review# 807,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/27/2010,5/6/2010,319,681,6,13,6>Another nod for fresh PIZZA! Failoni's is a family owned restaurant/bar that has been around for a very long time. It is best known as a blue collar lunch hangout, popular post game patio spot (w/entertainment), and for their hopping Thursday night entertainment night, that fills up at happy hour and stays packed until closing. Some call Thursdays at Failoni's a "cougar-fest." I disagree with that assessment because Thursday nights at Failoni's is clearly an all middle-age party night. So, if a young lad is there on the prowl... it's hardly a case of cougars out seeking cubs. Failoni's has always had a solid American/Italian menu, but they recently added a full pizza kitchen and the pizza is good!!!!!   They serve St. Louis style (a little thicker). But, it is so much better than any St. Louis pizza that I have tasted. Most ingredients are standard Italian and fresh from the Hill. They will put provel on your pizza unless you ask for mozzarella, but they offer both options. Good stuff!!
<review# 808,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/10/2010,5/5/2010,220,464,3,7,9>Fun dive shack to visit.Last night (Tuesday) after 2 am, I stumbled in and remembered how much I like this dive shack and patio.  This place has personality. (like the samurai gator on the shelf- eclectic)I like the hammered metal bar.  I like the thrown together feeling of the place.  Nice mix of old brick and weathered boards is the theme.  I know it been here forever, but never takes itself serious.Open 7 days a week till 3AM and a late night magnet for bar industry people."leave your attitude at home"
<review# 809,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/15/2009,5/4/2010,80,266,7,7,5>I'll throw it out there and say this is a joint for the hipster-ish crowd. I'm far from cool, but I still felt pretty at home there. Foam seems to be more coffee shop than bar, which is all good. There was an array of pastries and a decent menu of small items...spiced nuts, olives, a meat and cheese platter. I had just eaten a late lunch at Urban Eats, and didn't get to try any of the food items, but I will next time. I ordered a large French press, and let me tell you, that son-of-a-bitch is large and in charge. I got the whole pot. I'm a fan of Peet's, which I love for its smokiness and depth. The coffee at Foam reminded me a lot of Peet's, and that's also a good thing. The music playing was chill, the atmosphere relaxed, and the staff very friendly. I think Foam will do well (but they do need recycling bins!)
<review# 810,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/15/2011,7/29/2011,317,728,3,7,4>A more restrained sampling this time weighed in at $3.79 with:chocolateno-sugar-added strawberry-bananano-sugar-added blueberrypomegranate-raspberryred velvet cakeThey were all quite flavorful and freshly tasty!There was also:original tartmangoblueberry acaibirthday cakevanillacheesecakeThe same bazillion toppings.I whipped out my Yogoluv membership card to get my purchase logged onto my account . . . which will add up to savings at some point in the future.And the cashier gave me a coupon for 10% off that expires July 31.
<review# 811,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/15/2011,7/28/2011,54,226,6,9,6>I can't believe it's taken me this long to write a review about Baumann.Really the only sentence you need to read is, I WOULD EAT A SHOE COVERED IN BAUMANN DRY RUB.If you haven't gotten a steak from baumann's and grilled it yourself then you haven't lived.I buy their homemade beef jerky every time I go.  It's like crack, except it's beef.Filets, strips, porter house, pork, ribs, t-bones, it's like a candy shop of meat.  I wish my house smelt like this place.As far as service goes this about this place like the 4 seasons of butcher shops.  They will answer any questions you have about meat with a smile.  Preparation, suggestions, what's good right now, etc.Did I mention the dry rub.  Seriously it's like a magic potion for all meat.  Just about every special occassion that we cook at our house comes from baumann's because really after you've had it, there's no other options.
<review# 812,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/9/2010,7/27/2011,513,774,3,5,4>Pappy's is THE BEST place in St. Louis to get some BBQ. This is coming from STL's very own BBQ snob. Where I grew up the only thing we are good at is farming and Q'in and Pappy's takes the cake for this whole area. Their Sweet Baby Jane sauce is just that sweet, yummy, finger-lickin' type sauce that you just can't get enough of. I prefer their pulled pork sandwiches although I would have to say my husband is in love with just about everything on the menu. My in laws are on the way out again around Christmas and this is on their must-do bucket list, every time!Expect to wait in line, but know that every savory bite makes it worth while.Oh and I wouldn't try to come in large groups because there is no saving seats in this hot spot. You order, eat, and leave.
<review# 813,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/20/2011,7/26/2011,151,293,3,11,7>"Love people, cook them tasty food." Is Penzeys motto, and I have a bumper sticker pinned to the side of my microwave to prove it!I LOVE PENZEYS!!! My love affair started in my home state of Wisconsin, where they started. So when I moved to Maplewood and found out there was one walking distance from my house I FLIPPED!Honestly, they have every type of spice and herb and mix and extract you can think of, for great prices. They really are comparable to the stuff you can buy in the grocery store, and I'm talking the nicer stuff in the grocery store, not the $1 chili powder you find at the end display.Slowly but surely, everything my spice cabinet is from here, old standbys like Italian Herb Mix and Smoked Paprika, to new to me mixes, like different curries, lemongrass, and Saffron. Parking is a breeze - there is street parking up front, but also a parking lot in back, if you were unaware! There is even a back entrance, so you don't have to walk all the way around.If you love (or even like!) to cook, you definitely have to check this place out. You will be inspired! (And will also probably walk out with $30 worth of things, oops!)
<review# 814,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/4/2011,7/25/2011,15,47,,4,4>I've only eaten here once, just now, and I had to get on Yelp to say that was the best deli chicken salad sandwich I've ever eaten. I seriously considered licking the paper afterwards just to make sure I didn't lose a bite. It had crunchy bits of celery in it, saffron for flavor, and the bites of chicken were small enough that it doesn't destroy half the sandwich to take a bite. The mayo/sauce was delicious. The bread was fresh and soft wheat berry bread. It was perfect.Reasonable price for a delicious sandwich, nice location not too far from work, fast service. What more could you ask?
<review# 815,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/29/2011,7/24/2011,152,162,2,5,3>I live in University City and drive by all of the Chinese restaurants on my way home most days, and Wonton King is my favorite place to grab carry out. I never call ahead but it never takes more than 10 minutes. Yes, there are a few places that are faster, but this restaurant is clean and well kept, and my gut feeling is that the kitchen is also a lot cleaner than at some of the other places I've been. They also have a very nice dining room with white tablecloths so if I was going to eat in, this would be the place. The dining room is almost always empty, with only 1 or 2 tables filled when I swing by in the evenings. I'm sure they have busy times during regular lunch/dinner service, but I haven't experienced it. Everything I have tried has been good. My favorite is the crispy sesame scallops. That said, I like LuLu's a lot better for dim sum. Wonton King is probably more authentic, but I found it harder to find dishes that looked appetizing to my American palate. The carts came by less frequently and I left thinking I wouldn't go back for dim sum. Another thing I like is that they are open late and will deliver to my house...arriving faster than any pizza I've ever ordered.
<review# 816,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/22/2011,7/23/2011,319,681,6,5,5>I luv eclectic little neighborhood spots that have charm and personality.   Demun Oyster bar does not disappoint! The large half moon bar is the best feature with a few tables inside. Outside, tables are available during warm weather months, with a view of Concordia Park. The decor is old world meets new. Floors are covered with colorful re-purposed tile, the walls are covered with a collection of mirrors and behind the bar is a contemporary oyster bar stocked with several varieties of oysters that are flown in fresh. I'm not the biggest oyster fan, but with the help of fellow Yelpers (Tim & Erin G), I was able to sample some smaller, meatier varieties that convinced me that if you pair the right oysters with a good mignonette, they can be pretty tasty! At Demun Oyster Bar, you can order individual oysters or Chef's Choice sampler platters. It can $add$ up quickly, so if you are on a budget, take some time to figure out how best way to go about ordering. In addition to a sampling of oysters, I ordered mussels, sweet potato chips, and a few KILLER shrimp. I wasn't blown away by the cream sauce that accompanied the mussels, but the mussels were cooked to perfection. The chips were thin and crispy and tasted great with the seafood. Just enough salt. The shrimp were HUGE, but not cleaned as well as I would have expected. The drink menu is unique and Chad, the Mixologist spent lots of time explaining drinks, brands, and substituted ingredients to suit our tastes. I had two of the Lynn's Kisses, that blew me away (in taste and effect). Overall, I had a nice time and atmosphere played a big part. I hear that they serve food until midnight.  Nice touch!
<review# 817,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/20/2011,7/22/2011,300,149,2,8,6>Hands down one of my top five places to eat and have a glass of vino in Saint Louis. I came here to meet my good friend Maura for dinner and I have been a loyal fan of this joint ever since. The bartenders are always in a great mood and they have a great selection of beers on tap as well as a good assortment of wines to pick from.The food is delicious and you can never go wrong with a chicken chopped salad or their reuben sandwiches. PS. I love coming to Lester's for lunch because the food always arrives in less than 10 minutes and I can be in and out in less than a hour!
<review# 818,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/28/2011,7/21/2011,527,814,18,11,12>Why did I ever leave you BOB? It was that new circle of friends that lead me a stray. They didn't care for you and I just went with the flow. I was so wrong, I should have sneaked off and seen you on the side. Then it would have been just you and I one on one. You fulfilling my needs, with those succulent oysters. I was so glad that when I finally returned after our separation which had been way to long that you welcomed me with open shells. You let the past be behind us and served me up a meal that had me ashamed that I ever left you. I am so glad that my new SO loves you as much as I do and we look forward to many threesomes. Our night begun with Broadway Shooters, Mussels and Voodoo Wings. You knew I loved Vodka and couldn't go wrong with those shooters. They went down oh so smooth. The tomato garlic wine broth was a good companion for the mussels and soaking up the broth with bread was an added bonus. Your tequila hot sauce for our wings made them taste like no other wing I have ever had. Then our server who was so friendly brought us a second round of beer to accompany our oysters on the half shell. I may be a vodka man, but the gin cocktail sauce that is served with the oysters make them pop right out of their shell.Time finally rolled around for our entrees; BBQ Shrimp and Fried Catfish. The shrimp were huge and lived up to your claim of them being an NOLA classic. My Catfish Dinner was top notch. The only time I have had better catfish is up in Grafton on the river and that is had to beat. My only dislike on our reunion was the Cajun Chips. They just didn't do anything for me, but you did the right thing by removing them from my bill. I am so happy that we have been reunited and look forward to many more encounters.
<review# 819,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/27/2010,7/20/2011,22,89,1,5,6>Mai Lee is one of two favorite Vietnamese restaurants (the other one Lemongrass).The place is always packed. Even when they were in their old, small place on Delmar & I-170. The move did them good as the place gets more business from all the Brentwood traffic.The food is delectably good. We always start with the fresh shrimp spring rolls with peanut sauce. Husband goes straight to dipping it into the hot spicy sauce, while I mix the hot sauce with the peanut sauce.We almost always order the same thing - he gets #63 bun noodle bowl with egg rolls. I get either the pho (#9-14) or bun (#15-22) soup bowls. We slather lots of hot sauce on them. The service is hit or miss. Sometimes we'll get a rude, non-friendly waiter. Sometimes we'll get a really super nice one. The nice ones smile at us whenever we ask for more water - because we're all spiced up!
<review# 820,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/20/2010,5/17/2011,133,63,,8,8>How do you describe the indescribable?Okay so technically, Cranky Yellow is a store.The stuff they sell in their store is bizarre and fun. A lot of it is hand crafted by local artists, and the rest is just random weirdness! Lots of 80s and 90s toys (they had a Popple!) and that sort of thing. First of all, kudos to anyone who sells locally created goods. Second, double kudos to people who sell any form of art that isn't crazy expensive. I now have a zombie hand necklace. I have a unicorn t-shirt. I have wall hangings shaped like teeth. None of it broke the bank. What makes Cranky Yellow so fun is the fact that the art they sell isn't boring. It isn't yawnable. It's fun for all ages, and it encourages people like ME (who hates the boring!) to buy DIY goods from local artists. If more stores sold the types of things that Cranky Yellow sold, I would probably buy 10 times as many hand crafted goods as I buy now.They also host a lot of events in their basement. I was fortunate enough to co-host a party in there last weekend. There was a lot of loud music and LOT of drinking, and the Cranky Yellow employees weren't just tolerant - they were dolls.  They kept their store open during our party, and had to deal with a lot of people using their bathroom and going outside to smoke, and just general rabble-rousing. They weren't just "cool" about it, they seemed to have a great time themselves. Cranky Yellow wins at everything. If you haven't been to the store - GO. NOW. I promise you will find something fun and funky - if not for you, than for a friend, and it won't cost you an arm and a leg.
<review# 821,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/8/2010,5/16/2011,251,118,5,7,9>I'm embarrassed to say that I've already dined here three times already since moving here in late August. Yes! It is that good and it's their succulent ribs that make me come back for more!Although the lines here can be pretty brutal anytime of any day of the week, it's definitely worth waiting for.  If you'd rather not wait, you can order as little as 5-10 minutes ahead of time to pick up your order. By ordering TO GO, you sacrifice eating fresh sweet potato fries so don't order these TO GO. It's just not the same.From the three times that I've had their ribs, it wasn't consistent. My bf definitely agrees that it was better the second time. They are also known for deep frying their corn on a cob. Yes. Fried corn! It is a little weird and I have to say, I enjoy it better roasted on a grill. Deep fried corn strips away the sweetness of the corn, but it's definitely something to try if you want to eat something different.Overall, make sure you come an hour before your stomach starts to growl because it will be a long wait!
<review# 822,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/19/2011,5/15/2011,151,293,2,8,5>I never thought it would happen, but I think we have a "go to" sushi spot!$5 simple rolls and $3.50 Stoli cocktails during happy hour - I'm beyond sold.The fact that it's a short drive from home and has a cute atmosphere helps a lot too.The sushi isn't bad, and I think the $5 is a great deal. They have some good options, too! Spicy Tuna, Salmon Avacado, and Hamachi Avacado are some of our favorite rolls anyways, so it's a great way to have a sushi dinner without dropping a ton of money.The service has been good when we've been here, and it's never very busy - so you can pop in and out for dinner after work pretty quickly.We'll be back!
<review# 823,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/27/2011,5/14/2011,33,113,1,3,4>What a classy place! Schlafly on tap was money! Never had anything like their coffee stout. So peculiar and delicous. the place is AWESOME. I really dig the inside, just wish the bar would seat more. The prices were fair, and you get to really indulge in probably St Louis most precious microbrewery! The location caps off the end of the magnificent Wash Ave Strip. An ideal place to take some friends. If you visit St Louis, visit this place! Good times!
<review# 824,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/8/2010,5/13/2011,48,157,1,6,4>This is one of my favorite lunch spots in the city. Once I discovered it, I was hooked. The dill pickle soup is a must... sounds a bit odd at first, but it's seriously delicious. My favorite is to pair it with the Adult Grilled Cheese, which is also fabulous. I've tried to re-create this at home, but I can't ever get it right. I wish I knew their secret! I try to order something different each time I go, because everything is amazing, but it's easier said than done when "the usual" is so damn good. I'd recommend a soup/sandwich or sandwich/salad combo so you can pack more tastiness into one meal  :o)The tiny tiny ice cream sundae is the best invention in the world. I'm always stuffed after I eat, but it's impossible to pass up the ice cream here. The tiny sundae is the perfect solution, plus it's sooo cute! They even have tiny little spoons! The atmosphere inside is great, with a cool 1920's, straight out of The Great Gatsby vibe. They claim to be "the most photographed restaurant in St. Louis", but I'm not exactly sure how they can know that. While the location might be kind of random, for me that's part of the charm. I don't think I would love The Fountain quite so much if it were in the CWE or the Loop. I like that they took a risk and opened in an up and coming area of the city. It's places like this that help breathe life back into areas that have been ignored for a long time, and that's one of my favorite things about St. Louis.
<review# 825,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,11/6/2010,5/12/2011,95,111,11,12,6>If El Paisino is my lover and Chuy's is my arch nemesis, Chava's would be my sassy buddy sidekick. I'm not totally in love, but I would never call this place bad. As long as you follow what I like to call, "Chava Rule," a pleasant Mexican experience will be had by all! Chava Rule #1: Do not go there on Fridays after 7 if you are planning on eating before the new year. Chava Rule #2 (which is also apart of Chava Rule #1): You'll be happy if you go during Happy Hour. Monday-Friday 4-6. Chava Rule #3 Get the Chili Con Queso. The first time I went there I broke Chava Rule #1 and it was pretty unpleasant. Long ass wait, rushed service, and way too crowded. My friend, who I went with, would reply to my sweaty, hungry, lack-of-table outrage by repeating over and over what would soon become Chava Rule #2: "We should've come during Happy Hour." What made both experiences A-OK was the strict following of Chava Rule #3. I almost didn't get the queso last night, but our smooth talking waitress asked, "So do we want the Queso or Guac to start?" like I didn't have a choice-- a trick that worked amazingly well. I swear this woman was so good I probably would've given her my number if she'd asked. Back to the Chili Con Queso...Yummy, smooth, with a little pico de gallo on top and I swear I would bathe in this cheese if I could. And they give a great portion too. There you have it; 3 simple rules that makes Chava's a great place to go for Mexican in STL.
<review# 826,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/18/2011,5/11/2011,319,681,,18,7>Bogart's is an awesome smokehouse that just opened behind the historic Soulard Market on 9th Street. Run by the same Chef that has made Pappy's such a hot number (no he hasn't left Pappy's).  Skip, decided to open his own place with blessings from the owners of Pappy's. The set up is different. Order at the counter, get your drinks and have a seat. Listen to some background blue grass music and Skip or one of his staff members will bring your food to you at your seat. I just met Skip today (their first day open). Total sweetheart. Service was friendly and excellent. The place was packed, but Skip took the time to not only sit and chat, but he also brought out samples of meats that we didn't order. Similarities to Pappy's: The pulled pork is the same Sweet Meagan KC BBQ sauce is the same Turkey is the same Beef Brisket (yum) is the same Potato Salad (not homemade) is the same Differences: House smoked pastrami (yum) House smoked prime rib (yum) Awesome baked beans (homemade) Good Slaw (homemade) Awesome ribs homemade sauces (except for the Sweet Meagan KC Barbecue Sauce)Their hours are Tues - Sat 10:30 AM - "4ish"
<review# 827,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/17/2010,5/10/2011,300,149,2,10,6>I love shopping (ahem! I am a girl) but I what I love even more is finding a good deal! I came here on a Saturday afternoon (literally had to park across the street since the parking lot for this place is pretty tiny) but I was one happy shopper leaving the Scholarshop with a a Lacoste polo and a 2 piece tan suit from JCrew for only... get this... a total of $20.00! What a steal!It was worth the drive and people still get in shock when I wear my suit to work and I tell my girlfriends it was only $10 from here! The moral of this story is that you really don't need to spend a lot of money to look fabulous!
<review# 828,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/12/2010,5/9/2011,30,38,8,9,8>Oh my God, delicious!  I went here with my mom and roommate at the end of the summer, and we were all blown away.  We sat outside and enjoyed the evening while we munched on the plethora of foods we had been unable to ignore.  We, classily, started off with blueberry pie which was outstanding, and goat cheese cookies.  Those goat cheese cookies.  My goodness.  I would have given my left foot for that recipe.  We got two and demolished them.When our food came, they were nice enough to bring it out to us on the patio, we found our sandwiches were just as good as we had hoped based on the pie and cookies.  They change their menu too often for listing to be terribly helpful, but you should know we had meat, no meat, and fish, and everything was delicious, perfectly sauced, and not too heavy.  It was amazing!  After dinner we went in and looked around the store, and it was only the recent memory of unpacking all of my things that stopped me from buying nearly everything.  It is adorable.  Delicious.  Pretty much perfect.
<review# 829,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/29/2010,5/6/2011,384,258,,11,7>Went to check out Latitude 26 late one evening on a Thurs. night.We weren't really hungry so we didn't try much.  The menu was a bit on the small side, but mostly everything that I like.....I didn't see any quesadillas though. :(Everyone was VERY friendly and prompt.  We were seated right away in a tall cozy booth and got our chips and salsa....yum!!  Great salsa!There were  many flavors of margaritas on the menu, but we didn't  drink that night.  We ordered the chicken soft tacos, and the chicken taquitos and with both you get 3 with the choice of red or green sauce.  These were both REALLY, REALLY good!!!  They were served with rice and beans which I personally didn't care for, but I've never been a big fan.  The rice was a bit on the dry side.This place really doesn't look like your typical Tex-Mex place so it may not attract a lot of drive by traffic.  Looked kinda "fancy" on the outside, at least at night.I really did like this place and we'll be back again for sure...I'd like to try the nachos next time and of course a Margarita!
<review# 830,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/7/2008,8/24/2008,12,168,,5,6>Truly amazing Italian sandwiches, absolutely worth waiting in a line out the door for.  I have never been disappointed with anything here, but for your first visit you can't go wrong with the homemade sausage.  Also recommended is the italian roast beef with gardinieri, and the penne pasta side dish.  They often run out of the good desserts midway through lunch hour, but you can always try to make up for it with a cookie.  And realistically, you probably won't have room for bread pudding anyway, so cheer up.  The staff here is friendly and helpful, starting with the restaurant's namesake who takes your order, and as often as not, helps you order.  I must warn that there is a real danger of becoming addicted to Adriana's sandwiches.  Very authentic, very the Hill, very St. Louis.
<review# 831,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/9/2008,8/23/2008,810,8,3,17,14>As a Child I was fortunate enough to go here. Cathrine Dunham was a very Famous Lady of Dance. Cathrine is the Queen of East St. Louis Dance. I was fortunate to meet other musicians and get my introduction to African Culture, Dance and Drums, through the one and only "Sunshine"Sunshine is the nickname of one of MS Dunham's protege's. He is a great person and will definitely go to Heaven one Day. If you are ever in this area stop by and get a glimspe of real African American Culture. You may just run into me there. I plan on doing some Non Profit work with the Cathrine Dunham and the Jackie Joyner Kersee Center. I am Proud to say that I went to School with Olympiad Jackie Joyner
<review# 832,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/6/2008,8/22/2008,31,198,2,4,4>I've only been in All Along Press once, during their opening a few months back.  They had some books, blank books, and letterpressed things for sale.  More excitingly, the printing press area was accessible for curiously looking around.  There was also a bike-driven press in the front of the store which people were free to use, allowing you to take home a print of a guy's face.  All Along is a DIY community/collective print shop.  I don't think there's another one of those in town.  They have equipment for letterpress printing, silkscreening, and bookbinding.  Soon, they'll be offering workshops, which I'm pretty interested in.  I didn't have a chance to do any letterpress or bookbinding in college, but I've always been interested in it.
<review# 833,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/4/2008,8/21/2008,72,652,4,6,2>This woman can work wonders with anything....and I mean...ANYTHING.I had a bridesmaid's dress that was (I kid you not) three sizes too big and a foot too long...I mean, I could take this thing on and off without even unzipping...it was like wearing a potato sack...I had little hope for this dress until I brought it here.  She pinned it in about 5 minutes, had it ready in a week, and it now fits like a glove.  I mean, it looks amazing...not even the same dress.  She removed bones from the bodice, took the length up, and made it so I don't have to worry about the strapless dress horror of my chest falling out midway down the aisle...(yes, this is actually a genuine fear of mine...)She is a bit pricey but if you need to get work done and will be forever immortalized in your friends photos, it's worth paying a little more to have quality work....check her out...she is completely amazing.
<review# 834,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/7/2008,8/20/2008,89,47,3,4,3>god bless the internets. i live miles and miles away from st. louis missouri,  but thanks to the world wide web, i was able to send my sweet thang a box of delightful cupcakes without having to lift a finger (almost). i stumbled upon this cheerful cupcakery thanks to six degrees of yelp-aration with a somewhat tall order. do you deliver? yes.do you deliver to maryland heights?yes.can you deliver today?yes.within the hour?yes.do you have irish cream cupcakes?yes.....seriously?? i chose the rest of my cupcakes (chocolate ganache, red velvet, and some marshmallow-filled shit i can't pronounce), read off my credit card number and that was that. an hour later, the owner herself (who hand-delivered the cakes) personally called me with delivery details-- from the recipient's initial reaction right down to the shoes he was wearing.i was out the door with four cupcakes + delivery fee for under $40 but the joy of sending love in the form of adorable sugarpies overshadows the fact that i spent any money at all.and i thought the cardinals were the only good thing to ever come out of st. louis! jilly's, you have a fan in me.
<review# 835,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/30/2008,8/18/2008,24,137,,5,3>bowood farms is a friendly little nursery in a fabulous location. the greenhouse is filled with your typical garden stock along with some not so typical plants and unique garden-related gifts. the staff is uber-friendly and helpful. The bison may seem odd at first, but is appropriate, seemings that, along with the gardening business, they also raise bison [in clarksville].
<review# 836,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/11/2008,8/17/2008,12,22,3,2,3>Love it. The owners and wait staff are wonderful people. The food is great. Wish the delivered, but if they did I might never leave my apartment :)
<review# 837,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/17/2008,8/16/2008,38,48,3,6,6>Best overall restaurant in St. Louis, hands-down.Here's why:The service is impeccable.  My boyfriend and I reserved a table next to the upstairs fire for Valentine's Day (which they accommodated, no questions asked).  I was conversing with my waiter about the out-of-this-planet caramelized brussels sprouts on the menu, and he returned later in the meal with a card directing me to the website to find the recipe.  Who does that?  Now, that's exceptional service.Every meal I've ever had here is one of those types of meals you eat slowly and close your eyes for a moment just to savor the flavor a bit longer.  From steak to seafood to basic chicken, every flavor is very carefully considered.  The spinach salad with goat cheese, bacon, spiced walnuts, and warm vinaigrette is the best salad I've ever had.The banana custard dessert is my requested dessert on every special occassion, job promotion, birthday.  It's unlike any other banana dessert I've ever had - the flavors, how they intermingle....I'm making myself way too hungry.  If you have a wait during the winter season, get a good glass of wine and head upstairs to the lounge/waiting area near the fire.  In fact, Eleven Eleven is a wonderful wintertime restaurant as the dense before-meal bread is worth noshing on and the entrees are oftentimes accompanied by mashed potatoes.  If you want to eat light, go elsewhere (unless you just order that incredible salad I mentioned above.) :)So.Amazingly.Good.  Quality and service completely unrivaled.  Beautiful architecture - very Northern Californian.  Wine list is really great.  When you go to Eleven Eleven, it's not just going to get dinner - you get a memorable meal and a lovely experience because all the details have been taken care of.
<review# 838,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/22/2008,8/15/2008,6,44,4,3,2>This is my favorite St. Louis bar.  The dirtiest kalamata-soaked martini you've ever had is here.  It's aptly named The River Des Peres.Board games when ya want 'em.  Dress-up parties.  People I admire on the walls.  St. Louis pride.  Is Steven going to bring back the washers?  The washers were cool.The Royale makes our already fantasticly charming area of South City just that much more rich and interesting.
<review# 839,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/8/2008,8/14/2008,8,43,,5,5>Fantastic pulled pork. Since I was attempting to be virtuous, I ordered a salad with pulled pork served atop. Some of the finest pulled pork that I've had, that's for certain. All 3 sauces are delicious; I kept alternating. Also, free drink refills were clutch on this sultry day. As I was eating solo, I appreciated the raised seating against the window, from where I could savor my barbeque and watch the Cards game...and wonder why I live in Boston, where great BBQ is nearly impossible to find.St. Louis, you are a mighty fine town. BTW, Cards fans are somehow (on the whole) way cooler and less annoying than Red Sox fans. Partly 'cause STL women don't wear those lame pink hats; pretty much everyone wears cardinal-red, which is sweet. (Dbacks fan here, so I'm being objective, kinda).
<review# 840,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/22/2011,10/19/2011,319,681,,13,4>Inside, McGurk's is like a true Irish Pub, except the customers are mostly American.  Unlike most Irish pubs in St. Louis, the owner flies musicians in directly from Ireland and puts them up in his digs next door.  They know how to poor a pint of Guiness (most bars in the STL don't) and you can usually find "Lucky" (the token Irishman) behind the bar.  The crowd is pretty vanilla (yes, that means white). It seems that county folk will venture into the hood in droves, to visit McGurk's (Soulard is pretty safe and has their own security force, as well as, a solid police presence, but we still have scaredie-cats out there).Inside the restaurant, it looks like a pub. The restaurant is centered around one of three bars.  There are brick walls and archways everywhere.  The restaurant is filled with Irish music, Guinness drinkers galore, and an occasional drunken Yank giving their best attempt to demonstrate an Irish jig.  Outside is an entirely different environment.  They have a massive garden patio in the back.  It's one of the nicest beer gardens in town that includes a pond with waterfall, two bars, and beautiful landscaping.  During the day, it's a great environment for an outdoor lunch, at night the patio is filled up with lots of young hotties on the prowl.  The patio is covered, heated, and enclosed in the winter.The menu offers a variety of Irish and American faves.  They are known for their fish and for their Irish stew.  I personally recommend the mushrooms... awesome!  Nothing on the menu is bad.  Some of the entrees are pricy.  But, if you are on a budget, they have a great sandwich and salad menu that will not disappoint.
<review# 841,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/17/2011,10/18/2011,33,113,5,5,5>Saturday morning.... The crowds congregate, blend, form... here in St Louis... 9th and Vincent... Soulard. The spawn of the Farmer's market... a convergence, a flickering sepia-past, the holler of old immigrants, the merchants. I stand before the deluge of the crowd passing through tired entrance markers. The day is hot, and the whistle of the open air market hollows through the rows of stands. Her French roots have awoken, alive for the morning, a return to history... glistening... forming. The spice shops echo of the French Quarter... New Orleans... Americana. The colors vivid, penetrating, fruits, vegetables, red, green, yellow, orange, and the low dim of the overhead light flickering in the shade of canopies. The swinging of weight scales all working together like clockwork, feeding the rhythm. Spoken are the languages of merchants, channeling the old roar of immigrants...here they assemble; history is united. The crowd pulsates, moving to an urban rhythm, flowing through the aisles like the Big Muddy. Alive are the blues, eminent, I see it in the eyes of the musicians. Ragged they situate, their stories alive again in old rags.  I venture to the pasta stands, greeted by an Italian vendor. Her smile a pearly white, her hair, a contrasting onyx. Sweat softly streams about her face, the exchange is made. A flickering memory of old Italia. Her accent, a thick St Louisian. Her story is revealed. The chapters continue, her story, their story...our story.....assemble.... The chattering of old walkers, canes, and baby carriages, navigating their way through the confusion, the energy. Lost in the fold I succumb to the end of the route, met by the familiar mold of the current. The arch is visible again. Defiant and silent in the distance it appears in my eyes. The concrete city, jagged, etched by the mammoth highway, and slowly the holler of the farmer's market whispers away. Fading...the energy concludes; dissipating into the soft hours of the afternoon.  And the now the agora is barren till next Saturday, ready to spring fresh...anew........again.
<review# 842,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/12/2010,10/17/2011,133,63,11,10,9>PAPPY'S CHANGES LIVES FOREVER.For five years I was a vegetarian, and never really craved meat. In fact, I forgot what it tasted like. Five years does that to a girl.A month ago, my boyfriend brought home a carryout for himself from Pappy's. As soon as he stepped inside the distinct smell of...magic was in our apartment. It wasn't just the smell of meat, or barbecue, or smokiness. It was just...magic. I'm not one to deprive myself of magic so I asked if I could have a bite of of the beef brisket sandwich he had. He looked at me like I had lost my mind and then handed me the sandwich.Thus ended my relationship with vegetarianism forever. I've been back to Pappy's at least ten times since then. I've eaten it all. Pulled pork, pulled chicken, beef brisket, frito pie, ribs. I'm sure I've gained at least five pounds. I don't care. I will never care. I am a disciple. Juicy, flavorful, fresh, hot, moist, smokey, tender, drool worthy. Also cheap. You can stuff yourself AND have leftovers for around ten bucks. Oh, and their sides. Good lord. Sides are always the ugly buck toothed friend of the entree. Not at Pappy's. The sweet potato fries. The corn. The green beans. I HATE GREEN BEANS. Not Pappy's. Just like everything else they serve, their green beans are magical. So thank you Pappy's for helping me see the light. Meat is glorious, and Pappy's is a meaty miracle.
<review# 843,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/11/2011,10/16/2011,60,293,3,10,5>We were on the hunt for some great BBQ on Saturday and naturally went the one place that is known for great BBQ. Unfortunately the line was out the door and half way around the block when I remembered about Bogarts and we promptly made our way there. I think just about everybody in our party had ribs, and we had a few other secondary meats and sides. The ribs were great, perhaps not as good as Pappy's, but that is in no way a diss on Bogarts, quite the opposite actually. The dry rub on the ribs was perfect and I found that they did not need any additional sauce. I had the beef brisket along with a half slab of ribs and the brisket was amazing. I'm used to the brisket being sliced thicker, but Bogart's is sliced pretty thin and incredibly tender. Add a little BBQ sauce to it and it was perfect. I'm not sure I've had better brisket, but if I have it's been a really long time. For my two sides I had the deviled egg potato salad and the baked beans. I really liked the potato salad and the baked beans had generous bits of meat and a little kick to them. I left licking my lips and completely full. I did have the opportunity to sample the pulled pork sandwich and it was quite tasty as well. As a side note, they serve Billy Goat potato chips, so they get bonus points for that alone. i was initially saddened that Pappy's was too busy, but that sadness disappeared with the first bite I took at Bogart's. I will not hesitate to venture on back to Bogart's the next time I have a craving for great BBQ!
<review# 844,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/20/2011,10/15/2011,317,728,6,10,5>Spent ~$75 on a massive take-out order that lasted at least 12 meals.Four orders of pot stickers ($4.15 for each order of 6), two boiled, two friedTwo eggrolls ($1.55 each)One order of crab rangoon ($4.15 for each order of 6)10-ingredient fried rice (this little carton lasted me 3 meals just by itself)Sliced chicken with garlic sauce ($8.25)General Tso's chicken (special ordered with NO vegetables -- for the vegetable-averse oldest son) ($10.75)another entree for oldest son and I forgot what it wasYou just can't beat Hunan Empress. Whether it's authentic, spot-on, spot-off, who cares . . .  it's delicious food beautifully prepared and substantial portions.On carryouts, they're always quite generous with hot mustard, soy sauce, sweet and sour, and fortune cookies.
<review# 845,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/25/2011,10/14/2011,71,61,1,5,4>I've been to the Pageant for a handful of shows during the past year of my STL residence & I have loved each and every one.  This is probably the best venue of its size that I have ever been to.  They actually have great variety of bands come through ALL the time...I have been quite impressed!My favorite part about the venue is there's really not a bad seat/place to stand because the audience area is tiered. So even if you show up right before the headliner is about to start, you can most likely find a pretty decent spot at the far side of stage left or right without even having to punch anyone.   However, sometimes the set up of the audience area is pretty weird with regards to what areas under 21 folks can enter & what areas they can't.  This impacts where those 21+ can drink their treasured alcohol.  It is annoying, but you just have to accept it, work around it, and be prepared to show your 21+ hand stamp various times. I have a love/hate relationship with two things:1) The parking situation. Since the Pageant is in the Loop, expect to spend a chunk of time making your way through the traffic and driving around in circles to find a place to park (especially Fri & Sat nights).  When I'm getting frustrated, I just remind myself how lucky I am that the parking is FREE behind the Pageant, in the Metro lot and behind Cicero's.  Not having to shell out the same amount of money for parking as I paid for my ticket is a relief.2) The security guards.  In my experiences, they have mostly been jerks.  Not really a make or break thing, but I would like to see a smile every once in a while.  Be prepared to be pat down (i.e. groped) before entering the venue.  However, it's good that they have some security measures.
<review# 846,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/6/2011,10/12/2011,172,294,4,7,5>I'm not one for bars, but I come here often on Wednesday nights for the Gateway Burners Meet n' Greet. I don't drink beer much, so I can't say anything exciting about the beer here but I love everything I've experienced of this place. They have a healthy supply of firewood for their fire pit things to keep the air warm in the spring and fall. There is often a cat or two staring at you through the windows when you're on the back patio. My first impression of this place was "OMG BIKES! I needs one!" My second excited memory was"OMG traces of exploded people! Huzzah!" Also, this place has some of THE BEST pizza I've had in a while. I've had about 4 or 5 of their pizzas and each one is SUPERB. Their garlic bread is amazing too (most likely due to the fact that they use their pizza crust for it). My friends and I completely devoured the pizzas we got. :D I know one day i'll go there JUST for the pizza. In the winter, I sometimes firespin outside and the thing I always get after to warm up my hands is their spiced apple cider. I know others get it spiked (which I imagine would only make it more divine) and I love how they put an orange slice into the cider -- just to make it THAT much better. The TV in the bar doesn't always show sports. It once showed a strange cartoon about a bear. I ended up asking the owner about it. Apparently it was a russian cartoon she loved as a child. This isn't your typical bar but it's fun, interesting, and very cool.
<review# 847,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/27/2011,10/11/2011,513,774,3,4,3>Let's rename this little gem OOEY GOOEY BUTTER CAKE CENTRAL!You can't come to St. Louis without trying this place out. They have 76 flavors (some of them are odd) but have about 10 out freshly baked daily. Flavors I've tried: Banana Split, Red Velvet, Chocolate Chip cookie dough, eggnog, and German Chocolate Cake. They are all so good and I do not even have a favorite. I can't wait to try more but my gut says otherwise. Coffee is decent. It's not a favorite, but it's not horrendous. They have good service too. I've never waited more than a few minutes to be waited on. Side Note: I just recently found out you can order any of the flavors online and ship them to places.
<review# 848,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/21/2011,10/10/2011,151,293,3,9,8>Oh Bridge, thank you for being so wonderful!A few friends and I came here for my birthday, looking to drink lots of tasty beers and just hang out. I feel like I'm somewhere between the "crazy club night until 5am" and "tea and crumpets til 5pm" crowd, and Bridge seemed to be a good medium - we could all get good and drunk, but didn't have to stumble around to a million different crowded bars, buying watered down drinks, run into similar parties of barely-21 year olds and wild bachelorettes. While I love these scenarios once in a while, I felt like I wanted to do something different for *this* birthday. First thing when we got there, I asked the hostess if we could have a big table or area to sit at, and that we weren't going to be eating. I didn't really know what to expect, but she checked on something, and a few minutes later, we were being escorted to their "lounge" upstairs, a private area just for us. Um, score?! You're not going to make us buy a $300 bottle of vodka and kick us out when more "important" people arrive? While I'm certain our entire bar bill was definitely more than $300, I thought it was really awesome of them to let my party have the area - without any reservations or anything like that - I'm not sure if it's always like that, but I really thought it was a nice gesture.Our server, while at first seemed bored that we were there, got more into it when she realized we weren't some cheap floozies who regularly chug Bud Light, but that we did, in fact, know what we were talking about, and asked her lots of questions and for recommendations.The beer menu was outstanding - I love that they have a pretty even number of microbrews and imports, so I could sample IPAs from craft breweries in California, and also order the giant bottle of Delirium Tremens (the last drink of the night, and it kicked me on my ass).All in all, I had a great birthday experience, and I can't wait to stop by again and fill myself with lots of yummy, yummy beer.
<review# 849,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/14/2011,10/9/2011,116,188,1,6,5>"Dude, this lamb is so tender."These were the first words out of my buddy's mouth after biting into his lamb dish.  A minute later it literally fell of the bone.  It came with a quinoa salad and a side of harissa crème fraiche.  Yes, at 3 Kings there is a such thing as harissa crème fraiche.  It was good too.I went for the muffalatta and I was pretty damn happy with it.  A "half" sandwich (still HUGE) and a side of sweet potato fries came to around $10.  It was all pretty delicious.The menu for this place looked amazing, I wanted to try everything.  Tons of tasty beers on tap.  Lots of seating.  Good efficient service.  I'll be back.
<review# 850,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/11/2014,7/13/2014,527,814,8,18,15>Tucker's by far is the best steak value in the city. A 10 oz. Sirloin, side salad and a baked potato for $13.85 is a bargain to me. Add the Yelp check-in free appetizer to your meal and you've got a full belly. My steak is always seasoned well and cooked to my request temperature. The side salad my primarily be iceberg lettuce, but with the red onion, bacon bits and their Lemon Pepper house dressing it is a perfect lead in to my juicy steak. Then there is the huge baked potato that I can never finish. It's a baked potato, but it's so good. I take the other half home and make my own American Fries for breakfast. The friendly service and relaxed atmosphere makes for an enjoyable steak dinner.
<review# 851,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/5/2014,7/12/2014,43,228,2,6,4>I should start this review by saying that I am not much of a shopper. I know it's a shame being female and all but honestly I'm one that loves to run into a mall for the shop I need to go to and back out as quick as I was in! Anyhoo, I do like this place very much and in the numerous times that I have come have found something new each time. When I say that it's not just the stores but the external as well with the little improvements. Now, on to the shops: I love them, even if I don't shop in each of them it's nice to have a mix of different things that aren't perhaps in the area and those that are.To say that I was slightly concerned when hearing that two were being built at the same time was slight after the other one was built and didn't live up to any expectations to myself but I found that this one was pretty good. The mix of man, woman and child stores is right on! PLUS the food court having opened when the stores did for such a big complex helped as well (I don't normally eat here, but it's nice to have a place to get refreshment when needed)Count me as a fan!
<review# 852,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/6/2014,7/11/2014,44,123,,6,4>I went here for my Girl's high school reunion.  One of the owners was in the graduating class so it was an exceptional deal.  For 25 bones everybody ate their fill and drank any beer on tap, some wines, and most bottles for the cover charge.  I see huuuuge potential as there is a massive stage for music, comedy, or any acts in general.  Big Scotch and Irish whiskey selection.  Obviously a prime location that will only get better with time.  While the party occupied much of the standing room, almost every table was full of happy customers dining.  I can't speak to their full menu but it is much, much more than pizza!  Definitely worth a stop in for fine spirits and scrumptious viddles!
<review# 853,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/8/2014,7/10/2014,32,155,4,8,7>I've been wanting to try this place for a while, but when I heard they were hosting a fundraiser for Shalom House, a homeless women's shelter in the Groove, I finally decided to go. In honor of the fundraiser, they had a special drink of the night which can be best described as a John Daly (alcoholic Arnold Palmer) made with their homemade liquors -- it was delicious. We started with the pretzels with house cheese sauce -- oh my the cheese sauce was good.As my first time there, I went with Dave's Smoked Burger (fontina cheese, smoked beef patty, lettuce, tomato and rooster mayo that I substituted for chipotle mayo). It was very good ($11). All their beef is from grass-fed MO-raised cows and the burger was cooked perfectly. A side of fries with the cheese sauce ($2) rounded out the meal and was more than enough for one person. They have this thing called the "burger battle," in which 2 burgers are paired head to head and the one that gets ordered the most that week stays and another challenger steps into the ring. fun twist to the menu.If I didn't eat enough already I ordered a small chocolate shake for dessert -- It was good, but not the best I've ever had -- Crown Candy isn't going to lose the trophy anytime soon. The place looks awesome inside -- exposed brick with cool decorations everywhere -- great atmosphere. Service was alright, but it was pretty busy with the fundraiser going on. Pros: good burgers, tons of craft soda options, great atmosphereCons: a little more expensive than other burger joints
<review# 854,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/31/2014,7/9/2014,94,45,4,6,5>Really welcome addition to the neighborhood. This is a really tiny little cute space--maybe just about 200 square feet--it's basically a long hallway with a storefront. Lisa, the owner and sole employee has made the most of it! I think I'm addicted. I go at least once a week now. I like the Chai (a house blend with fresh ginger added at brewing time). The "Cup of Sunshine" is great too (made with tumeric) and of course there are many other herbal options as well as traditional black teas. Did I mention she makes her own Earl Grey blend? Yes she does. Cupcakes made by Whisk are a bonus when in stock.
<review# 855,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/1/2014,7/8/2014,91,379,2,4,2>This is an upscale place as they come I believe.  Although I sat at the bar, just past the bar is what feels like a dining room tucked away in another world.   I always like sitting at the bar when I can, I've said so in other reviews, and in this case that allowed me to watch how things work some with the waiters coming up front, as dressy as waiters can be and the whole time I am thinking back to the 80's when I was younger and taking a girl to Tony's was the thing to do to impress.  This is that kind of place.Since I had to order two entrees (I was by myself) I opted for the bow tie with Lobster (pretty good with good chunks) and the tenderloin dish that had potatoes, green beans, mushrooms and onions.  That was pretty good.  I did ask for medium well and it came out medium rare so they get penalized for that.  It was better for me the next day and my daughter got the bow tie leftovers and she loved it.This place has excellent service and a high level of decor which helps gets them to 4 stars and if you like canollis you must try one of theirs.  Homemade shells with excellent filling and chocolate sauce, probably the best I've ever had.  I may go back just for that sometime.
<review# 856,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/18/2014,7/7/2014,85,110,,7,3>Went to Tamm Avenue Grill after a local cultural music event and wanted to take the in-laws somewhere close. Used my Yelp app and found this place. Yes, great reviews drove me to check this place out. I was impressed with this place because even at 9:00pm in the evening they treated us as if they just opened. Food was nice and hot and their Peppadew Lollipop's (Red onion, Feta cheese stuffed Peppadews wrapped with Candied Bacon) were insane! The owner even came out toward the end of the meal and said Hi. Bottom line: Beers and Good Food. Open late.
<review# 857,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/11/2014,7/6/2014,54,226,4,8,5>This review absolutely required an update.  I recently just hosted my rehearsal dinner for my wedding here, so let's start there that I obviously trust and love this restaurant enough to have a very important dinner there.  Next my original review was from back in 2010 and since I've probably been to Jimmy's at least 15 times, taking family and friends because it's a lock down, go to, classy space where the food is ALWAYS awesome and the only thing better is the service.I've eaten just about everything on the menu and there isn't one thing I wouldn't order again. As a confession in my previous review I suggested the salmon was over cooked and I only gave Jimmy's 3 stars.  Well salmon was on the menu at my rehearsal dinner and someone found my review from 2010 and called me out on it.  15 people at my dinner ordered the salmon and all of them said it was amazing (and perfectly cooked).  You really only need one sentence to describe Jimmy's.  Eclectic tasteful menu with food prepared to perfection in an intimate setting coupled with top notch service starting at the top with Jimmy himself.
<review# 858,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/10/2014,7/5/2014,156,339,4,10,8>First look:Hip bar on Cherokee Street providing an alternative venue, with similar feel, to the Fortune Teller Bar just a few storefronts down. The Whiskey Ring wasn't as dark and moody as we expected to be, which was nice, really: the vibe was comfortable but fun.The bartender was knowledgable and friendly, pointing me toward some beginner choices off the extensive menu. Prices for the different pours would have been appreciated -- more tentative patrons might stick with beers because they're too uncomfortable asking!The place was loud. Looking forward to returning sometime soon.
<review# 859,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/18/2014,7/4/2014,185,117,4,10,8>Sandrina's holds a very special place in my list of favorite bars!  This is a divey, gastropub.  Not much on decor, but it's a solid place to go for what it is!  I'm not a fan of drive-thru late night food...ick!  Whenever I have a late night, which in St Louis is around 8-9pm - where you are hard pressed to find any decent food, this is definitely the place you should go!  I was turned on to this place by a bartender at another favorite bar of mine (The Famous Bar), as this place stays open until 3am and serves some pretty damn good bar food until 2am....now that right there folks is worth the price of admission!  And the prices are very reasonable.Drinks are solid, music selection is good, bartenders are super nice & friendly.  The chefs are pretty kick-ass too, super cool whenever they can sneak out of the kitchen and say 'Hey"List of food I've had:BBQ Shrimp - I order these EVERYTIME I set foot though those doors and I'm there at least once a week.  One time I ordered them twice in one night ;-) Six huge Shrimp w/ heavily seasoned with spices and butter sauce over greens and toast to soak up the seasoned butter!  ***My mouth is watering***Beer Cheese Soup - Delicious!Crab Cakes - Solid!Duck Confit Quesadillas - Yummy! But get the sauce on the side(Soup Special) Ham & Bean Soup - Now that was some delicious soup on a cold night!!!French Fries - They are hand-cut, salted perfectly, piping hot and delicious!They always have various specials on the food menu, which is great, because you can always count on your favorite menu items being there, but they also offer something different every time you come in.There is always a laid-back, feel-good vibe flowing from this place!
<review# 860,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/12/2011,10/8/2011,108,92,,5,5>Bottom Line:Fresh Ingredients, Gem In The Rough Location, Nostalgic Sodas Would Complete this Package, Wi-FiOverview:Before Groupon and all that kind of jazz, I had passed this establishment many a time on my bicycle while climbing the hill on Sublette.  Most likely due to exhaustion, the memory of this place was only short-term.  It wasn't until cashing in on my Groupon recently that I recalled seeing this place many years ago and always thinking, "I need to stop here."Food:John Carney's Supreme:Basically, this is a sausage sandwich with dressings.  Honestly, I ordered this because I know John Carney likes food and figured he might have something special here.  Well, although fresh, I was not impressed with the sandwich.  I think this is no fault of the proprietor.  I just don't care for sausage sandwiches, really.  So, I don't want anyone to come away thinking this is a bad sandwich.  However, if you don't like sausage sandwiches, you most likely will not enjoy this.Herr's Hot Sauce Chips + Herr's BBQ Ribs Chips:Both of these chips stand up well on their own, however, I think when I am eating such a flavor filled sandwich, it is best to go with a plain chip.  Word to the wise.Drinks:As I said in my "bottom line", it would only complete the feel of this place if they stocked old time or nostalgic sodas.  They do have a Coca-Cola machine, which says more to me than Crown Candy with its cost-cutting Pepsi machine.Dessert:Home-Made Molasses Cookie:I know this cookie might not be for everyone, but "wow", you did a good job, Joe, with this cookie!  Nice and soft with powdered sugar on top to give it that little extra bit of goodness.Summary:As I mentioned, I would bike past this shop.  Reason being is that this shop is on a low-traffic street, which is great for cyclists.  That said, it is just about a block over from busy Hampton Avenue.  You really need to take that extra bit of effort and come give Joe Fassi's a try.  I think once you do, this place will be something you remember for years to come.
<review# 861,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/19/2011,10/7/2011,22,89,1,3,3>Amazing food. We got the appetizer sampler so we could try everything. The jerk chicken is just superbly wonderful. I had the curried goat stew which was pretty tender, but their definition of curry is not like Indian curry. Husband got jerked pork which he absolutely rave about it. ("Yeah!" he calls out in the background as I type this.)It seems to have a very good following... many of my friends love that place. My most important caveat - service is slow here. Don't go when you want a quick bite to eat and have groceries sitting in the car. Which we did. But hey, it's really worth the wait!
<review# 862,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/12/2011,10/6/2011,300,149,2,10,8>I know I just wrote a new review about this amazing wine bar not even two weeks ago but seriously, everyone that is reading MUST MUST MUST try this place out please! Why am I already writing an updated review?! For these awesome reasons of course:1) So after I wrote my inital review of Vino Nadoz, one of the owners, Kathy Becker wrote me a personalized and very sweet message to thank me for taking my time to write such nice words about this new joint. I was way grateful that the owner really appreciated my review and clearly, I became a major fan of this place even more after that message.2) I came here for light apps and drinks this past Friday night with my twin sister and 3 other friends that were Vino Nadoz newbies and I was so happy they really loved this place as much as I did. Our waitress really knew her wine and the menu! Our group ended up ordering each a glass of our own choice then ended up also ordering a bottle of their MF Richter Mulheimer Sonnenlay qba Zepplin Riesling which was perfect for a girls night out. We also ordered the Focaccia Pizza Margarita and the Ahi Tuna which were both great choices!3) The icing on the cake from my past Friday experience was when our waitress asked if we had been here before and I mentioned that the owner had actually wrote me a sweet message to thank me for the nice yelp review and our waitress told me that the owners, Steve and Kathy Becker were actually there that night. Then, Kathy came out to our table and we finally met. She was too sweet! After that, her husband Steve came to out to our table as well and we all got to meet him as well. They were both so nice and it really made my night that the owners actually took the time to introduce themselves to me after my first yelp review. Plus, we ended up getting a dessert of choice complements of the owners! How awesome is that? (Side note: I got their strawberry napoleon dessert and that was very yummy!)All of my girlfriends enjoyed Vino Nadoz and we are all looking forward to coming back very soon! :)
<review# 863,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/30/2011,10/5/2011,35,68,9,2,5>So this is how big of a noob (n00b?) I still am at living in St Louis. I didn't know this was going on until I accidentally drove by it on my way home from City Diner. o_O;So obviously when I saw the hundreds and hundreds of people wandering around Tower Grove Park, my friend and I found a place to park and checked it out. Very cool! The air was filled with an eclectic variety of music and the scent of food from dozens of nations. I had just eaten, but still made room for a brat and some baclava. Next year I'll be more daring. :PThe craft tents were nice to cruise by, and very quickly it became my mission to leave with something ridiculously random from one of them. Most of them were dominated by jewelry and women's clothing, but I finally discovered my treasure at the Peruvian tent...an orchid-colored, knitted pillowcase with a picture of a llama on it, and the word LLAMA spelled out above it, just to clear up any confusion. It looks FANTASTIC on my couch. =D
<review# 864,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/11/2011,10/4/2011,384,258,2,7,3>We headed over to the new PW Pizza for the 1st time on a Tuesday night.  This was their 2nd night open.  They are located on the street level of Vin De Set on Chouteau in Lafayette Square.  The atmosphere is very warm and open with a bar area at one end and lots of booths and large tables.  There is a lofty type of feel w/ the exposed duct system and lots of brick. There are beer murals all over by Grace McCammond so hubby was ready to check out their beer selection. :)   I was happy to note that they do carry a cider on draft.  It's Fox Barrel cider and it was really good!! Our server was Justin and he was very funny and attentive....he made sure we had everything at all times.  We started off with the 3 Cheese Spinach/Artichoke Dip and the pita bread was very puffy and yummy.  We then got a house salad out first (greens, pepperoni, tomato, red onion, and "Dad's" vinaigrette dressing) and we love the pepperoni on it.The pizzas are 12" and to us they are about 2 1/2 servings, so great for 2 people w/ some to take home.  You can split the pizzas in half and each decide what you'd like.You can choose your bread (PW Original, Honey Wheat, or Gluten Free) and your sauce (Tomato, Marinara, Chimichurri (sp?), House BBQ, or Roasted Garlic Olive Oil) and your cheese (Mozzarella, Provolone, Blue, Goat, Romano, and one other I can't remember), and your toppings.  There are 15 different signature pizzas available on the menu to pick from so lots of options here! We narrowed it down to the Wolf (Tomato sauce, fennel sausage, pepperoni, bacon, onion, green pepper, garlic, and mozzarella) on one side and the a Sausage /Mushroom on the other side.  The crust was hand tossed and wonderful....crispy on the outside and soft on the inside....just like I like it.Justin even came by and added some fresh mozzarella to top us off.We really love the place already and can't wait to come back to try their Roasted Oven Sandwiches!  This place is a wonderful addition to Lafayette Square!!
<review# 865,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/13/2011,10/3/2011,101,271,6,7,9>I am going to start by saying I am a normal tee-shirt and jeans guy with great taste for food but I am living modestly and do not eat out in trendy or nice places often, that type of eating out is a treat for me. I have seen Salt come up a number of times and have been interested in going there for some time. I will admit at first glance the food in some of the pictures on Yelp is a little strange and look creative but lack a certain kind of plating finesse that you would expect from an establishment that looks so nice inside and out. Looks aside I dove into driving almost 30+ miles one way for a Lunch business meeting that was being held at Salt. My heart actually skipped a beat when I got the invite because I had only shortly before even heard that this place existed. I was actually going to post a question before I went about what I should try and then I found out it was going to be a buffet, which honestly scared and thrilled me. I figured I could get whatever I wanted and if I liked it I could go back for more, or if I hated it I would not feel bad about paying for it.. Walking into Salt you get the feeling that they really pored some heavy cash into this place and wanted you to feel comfortable in the space they created. The decor is amazing and I love the small touches like the peppers growing in the planters around the outside seating area. On to the food, I got my first plate and was pleasantly surprised by how great the food looked. I had a beef hanger steak?, pork steak w/bacon, strawberries with what tasted like Carmel whip cream, a risotto, grilled asparagus, grilled corn, a small salad, some sweet bread and lemon loaf. I know; I took a little bit of everything and felt like a pig. I loved the steak and even though the steak was pretty much well done it was juicy and tender and full of spice and flavor, well done is hard to pull off so I give them props for that. The pork steak had chunks of thick soft bacon that were unbelievably tasty and the steak it self was juicy and tender and full of immense flavor. The risotto was a little crunchy and was not that great, but you know one bad thing didn't ruin it. Not sure what the flavor was, it was a little hard to distinguish. The salad was incredible and the cheese almost exploded in my mouth, I have never had cheese have such powerful flavor. (I still have no clue what type of cheese it was, but it was awesome!) The corn was a little dry but tasty and needed butter and salt (huh go figure) to complete that grilled flavor they were attempting. The bread was soft and moist and had almost a hint of a sweet fruit. I am not an asparagus fan at all but I think that is because I have never had it here. I will always try something at least once and I am glad I did, the grilled flavor was incredible and it was soft and not overly pungent like I have had before. I think they should have put the oils they put on this on the corn and it would have completed it. The strawberries and whip cream were pretty stellar, the quality of the berries really set it off and what ever they added to the whip cream made it simply heavenly. Lastly the lemon loaf or that is what I am calling it, was so delicious I loved the little pieces of lemon zest that they had speckled throughout the loaf. I am not a foodie or a food snob so take my review with a grain of salt, I am just a normal guy and I really liked this restaurant. I know I had an unusual experience being it was a buffet but even that was out of the park on flavor and presentation. The staff was amazing and helpful and I will be returning here for a meal sometime soon. P.S. why did it take till I went for someone to take a friggin picture of this darn place, I drove straight past because it looked so much like a house. I think my picture should be the one you see first so we all can actually stop in sometime. :) Glad to make Salt my 100th review!!
<review# 866,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/17/2011,10/2/2011,527,814,5,13,11>TSA is quickly becoming one of my favorite places to go. Warning to "Pork" themed restaurants, The Scottish Arms has a Pork Burger that is the "bomb". It is full of flavor and when paired with an ice cold draft beer (Whale from Six Row Brewing Co.) it makes a refreshing summer meal. Enjoying it on the Scottish Arms patio makes it perfect. In addition to the Pork Burger we enjoyed their classic Fish -n - Chips. I dare anyone to find and introduce me better F-n-C's, here in STL, then those served at TSA. I'll be surprised if you do. The service here always amazes me, it is top notch. Their staff is always friendly and very accommodating. To give you an example, the night we were there a young lady on the patio was chilled. It was one of those recent cool nights we just experienced. To make her comfortable, the server gave her an extra table cloth to wrap around herself like a shawl. That is a step beyond the norm.
<review# 867,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/13/2011,10/1/2011,80,275,3,12,7>YEEEEEEEEEES.Finally, a place that reminds you of the clubs featured in movies like Burlesque or Cabaret! So small and fancy I almost have mini heart-attacks when someone mentions the name!As someone who is a big fan of the St. Louis burlesque crowd, I had been wanting a venue like this to open up, mainly because they have had to resource to not some of the nicest places to perform. With Jumpin' Jupiter, it enabled them to kill every time. The place is small that a performer can see everyone in the audience and feel their energy, which is almost how performance titillation works since every audience is different. The staff is so nice and I only had lagging time at the bar at its' busiest. The hostess was super nice and all the waitresses dress up for the part. The dinner shows (or table seats in the late show) get expensive, but if you're willing to stand you only pay around $10. Having a great time will make you forget about the blisters created from the night before anyways.Not only can this be used for burlesque, but it can be used for small shows of any kind. And who wouldn't want their show to be performed at a place in the heart of Maplewood and with fuzzy wallpapered walls?!
<review# 868,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/12/2011,9/30/2011,156,339,,7,6>Froyo in the Central West End? I'll take it! Although I do miss the gelateria that once occupied the spot, the narrow storefront between Culpepper's and Brennan's now doles out delicious soft serve frozen yogurt. Check the reviews for Froyo in the Loop if you're new to the chain, which also has a location on Olive, but if you're a frozen yogurt pro by now, here are a few observations:- This corner of the CWE is already a little overcrowded, and Froyo doesn't help.- The machines seemed to be a little constipated, but hopefully that'll work itself out with time.- The feeling is definitely trendier than the Loop location; compare Pi on Delmar with Pi just two blocks north.- The crowd, as you could expect, is completely different.Definitely swing by and check it out. In the meantime, I think the cozy green interior of the Loop location is probably my favorite, but maybe that'll change as Froyo takes its place on Maryland Square. Part of me still wishes that a non-chain, grassroots/locally-owned business held down this corner, but with the way CWE looks nowadays, that notion may forever be a fantasy.
<review# 869,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/16/2011,9/29/2011,194,81,1,8,8>Oscar's is a hidden gem just down the road from UMSL.  I am at my alma mater every few months and had no clue this place existed until a friends invited me here for lunch.  I ordered the chicken bacon ranch wrap and can honestly say that it is one of the best wraps I have had.  I don't know why wraps are so hard to get right, but so many restaurants miss the mark.  Either the tortilla is too hard or flavorless or the ingredients are just plain boring.  This is not the case at Oscar's.I'm not saying that this place is super fancy, but they produce good quality dishes in a nice environment.  The fries were piping hot and tasty.  The waitress was attentive without being overly so.  I will definitely be back to enjoy another wrap.
<review# 870,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/16/2011,4/5/2011,92,237,,8,4>What fantastic luck to have this so close to our new place!!Fantastic sushi! Best I have had in St. Louis!Polite & great service, genuine, and really pretty inside. The house salad ( $2.95) is HUGE with that traditional dressing I always forget the name of . We split a California roll that was wonderful. None of that crazy mayo that some "sushi" places like to add for some reason.The Garlic Tuna is amazing! Tiny slices of cooked (not fried) garlic on tuna. *SWOON* The Octopus was VERY good!  Another time I had the Chicken Teriyaki (a single breast that comes sliced on a garnish of lettuce) that does not come with rice ($1 or $2 more) but the price is so low for the Teriyaki Chicken breast, $6.95, that it doesn't matter. SO very good!TLDR: If you are a sushi snob this is your place! A comfortable atmosphere that is neither over the top nor is it ostentatious so that you are uncomfortable. It is my new favorite place and this is absolutely worth the trip! It is located in a strip mall that next to a local bar and a drive-thru Starbucks.
<review# 871,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/18/2011,4/4/2011,110,87,6,7,6>I've been to this place a couple of times now and just found out today that they have expanded. I mean EXPANDED WITH ALL CAPITAL LETTERS. They went from a tiny 3-4 table place to now having 10-12 tables. The food has always been very very good. No doubt this place has the best Cajun food for my taste north of say ..... Louisiana.  The gumbo is tasty (which shouldn't it if it's called The Gumbo Shop???).  The etouffee I will say eh pretty good.  The PoBoys as someone noticed before, I never seem to get it hot right out of the fryer even though I was told today to be careful because it was hot..... what a tease.  I was disappointed that they have stopped carrying sweet tea.  What a kick to the crawfish.  That and I wish they served Hurricane's but alas all they have is beer.
<review# 872,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/16/2010,4/3/2011,27,82,2,9,3>Dear Yelpers, how do I love thee? Let me count the ways.My hair was a long, stringy, uneven (because I tried to cut it myself, yo) mess. I went to different salons in St. Louis and was unimpressed every time--I don't want to be treated like I'm in a herd of cattle (*coughPhilipJohnsoncough*) or have my Salon Buzz killed by an overzealous stylist who wants to sell me everything she's pumping in my hair (*coughDZinecough*). Yelp to the rescue. I saw these amazing reviews for V Vegaz and knew right away that I had to make an appointment. From the time I walked through the door, I knew I had found my salon home.The decor is dark, witty, and well-executed, girly without screaming 'girly'. Antique furniture plays off of teal and black walls, silver accessories, and glittery skulls. The music is eclectic, not too loud, just right--it really added to the experience.My new Hair Savior is Jason, who didn't really say much, looked at my pictures, said "I can do that," and had me out of the chair with much less hair and looking great less than an hour later. He is silent and really meticulous, and it's great. Not only did he give me the style that I wanted, but he tailored it to my thin, fine hair. I finally found a great stylist in a comfortable place with good music and laid-back people! This is what I was looking for, and thanks to Yelp, it finally happened. Make an appointment NOW and put your hair in their very capable hands.
<review# 873,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/14/2010,4/2/2011,25,45,4,6,5>I work up north, and my co-workers and I look forward to free lunch periods when we can hop on over to Thyme Table for some tasty grub at a reasonable price.  Thyme Table occupies a little building off of Florrisant that looks like it could have served as another little shop or bar some other period ages ago.  Now, it serves as a quaint little restaurant serving typical luncheon fare and some great desserts.  Upon entering, you are shuttled to a little table with little seats to look over their little menu.  The food here is better than Bread Co. any day, and the wait staff is mostly friendly (sometimes curt when they are super busy).  The cafe offers sandwiches, quiche (fabo), salads, burgers, etc.  The food is good and covers a wide range to meet any appetite.  That is all fine and dandy, but what about the freakin' dessert?Um...spec-tac-u-lar.  If you go just once, immediately order the Hot Fudge Pie.  If you are diabetic, just figure that this could potentially be your last meal, but what a freakin' meal it will be!  This pie is outstanding as are any of their other desserts.  My personal fave is the Pumpkin Bread Pudding around fall.  So good it hurts.  I mean, I could just skip the sandwich and hit up the dessert all day.So...that's it.  If you are up in north county for whatever reason, head on over to Thyme Table, stop in, and have a bit.  (Side note: love that it is local owned and the desserts are from homemade recipies!)
<review# 874,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/12/2010,4/1/2011,92,533,2,6,4>This place is a great example of the Cherokee Street vibe (non-Mexican variety).   Casual, hip and high quality.  Juding by the number of people greeting each other, it's obviously a local gathering spot.  We went yesterday for breakfast.  Had French toast with peaches and a breakfast burrito.  Both were very good.  The french toast was just remarkably good for something so simple.   The black bean chili on the burrito was an excellent addition and made up for the fact they didn't provide a side of salsa.   Some greens with a light dressing an sour cream accompanied, so salsa wasn't really needed.   Everything I saw coming out of the kitchen looked wonderful.  I think they go through a lot of bacon here.   The wife said she thought it was a little pricey, but really it's about the same as the Bread Co. but for me a much better atmosphere with a little more love in the execution.  The Mud House is counter service only.  The girl making the coffee drinks and the guy taking orders were both upbeat and friendly even though they were quite busy.   I noticed they cleared the dirty dish tub and filled the water just when it was needed.   There is a patio out back, but we didn't see it - a bit too hot already at 10ish.     Bottom line:  Stop by for breakfast or lunch if you have a chance.   They seem to know good food here.
<review# 875,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/18/2010,3/31/2011,159,623,6,8,6>I live about equidistant from both Forest Park and Creve Coeur Lake.Let me tell you why I prefer to jog there with my dog over Forest Park...Not as hilly.Almost everything is next to a body of water where I can let Penny jump around and cool off (pst... this isn't allowed...)No parking issue.  I've never had any issue.THE SHADE.  That is all.
<review# 876,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/22/2010,3/30/2011,165,166,8,8,7>I stuck with my usual order. The vegetarian botafogo dish. I swear to every vegetarian in St. Louis, this is one of the best meals you can get in our grand city. It is PACKED with flavor and I ate WAY too much of it. The potato salad on the side is the best and I always want more of it! It's a cool, creamy treat in between bites of a flavor kick in the face. The fineassfiance got a meat stew with all kinds of crazy stuff in it. It was served with rice and collard greens. Right up his alley. He loved it. We also got the standard Caipirinhas. Be careful when you order these. We got doubles and they are 12 bucks a pop. They pack some major punch (with high quality ingredients), but nothing is worse than getting your bill and realizing you've spent nearly 50 dollars on a couple rounds. This has happened to me at Yemanja and it is not a fun surprise. We were careful this time and savored our drinks to keep the cost down (we in tough times, yo). I drop my review down a star for a couple reasons. 1) I first reviewed Yemanja when I actually gave out 5 star ratings. That's unusual for me now. 2) The service was pretty good to start out, but towards the end of our meal, became scarce (nonexistent). Waters stayed full (Yemanja has some good bus boys that kept us filled up. High five!). But our actual server vanished. We had to wait for our bill, wait for her to come back and take our cards, wait for her to bring it back. It was an excessive time to wait just so we could leave. Eventually, the charming and beautiful owner (really, she is) of the place noticed us and took care of us so we could get on with our night (Randal's!). Truths.
<review# 877,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/3/2011,3/29/2011,456,314,13,9,7>This is the first place I have ever had Indian food.  It was maybe 10 15 years ago.  It was interesting and a good choice for the first time and now after a few more visits it is still a good choice.  For whatever reason my last visit the buffet seemed to lack certain favorites that I have had in the past.  I would tell you the names but I can't remember them  All I know they were vegetables and darn good.  I had the Chicken and their version of Swedish meatballs  and some other chicken.  Oh the light is coming one this cretin does not know how to spell or pronounce what the heck he is getting.  Yes I look at the description of the food not the name.  Hey come one cut me some slack ok? The only dish's name I can spell is Nom and I don't eat bread.  Stop it stop laughing right now!  God I feel like such a hoosier scratching my belly and say hell ya that some good shit there.  Hey if you like Indian this is one of the originals.   I was taken here by friends of my sons parents who were from India so I gotta think this is some good stuff.  But hey what do they know....
<review# 878,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/5/2010,3/28/2011,513,774,,11,6>After moving in with my hubby, we realized we had so much extra crap. TVs, camcorders, clothes, fixtures, etc. Honestly, a garage sale is out. We live in an area where an eyesore like that would be not appreciated. So why not donate it? The process is so simple. Drive up to the back doors behind the building. There is usually 2 guys back there. They help you unload and your done. You can't get any simpler than this! And it might help someone less fortunate get some cool digs for their place.
<review# 879,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/9/2010,3/27/2011,42,71,9,7,5>I've known some taco purists to refuse fish tacos with the assertion that they aren't "real" tacos. I'm inclined to dismiss these people as batshit insane, but maybe they've just never been to Tower Tacos.The people here take their fish tacos seriously. Seasoned-with-heaven, covered-in-cilantro, melt-in-your-gringo-mouth seriously. And now they even serve salmon tacos! They don't have a lot of dining space (wouldn't be a "real" taqueria if they did), so get in early or take your fish tacos to go.
<review# 880,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/29/2010,11/20/2010,63,198,5,9,4>Truthfully, when we pulled up to Mandarin House with my parentals who were in town, I was concerned. It's in a strip mall, and just looks a little suspect. But, here are the signs that followed, that showed me this place would turn out to be fab:- There were other Asian people dining! - There is a menu only in Chinese, following the English menu...and the two are different. This is always a good sign for authenticity. The server explained to us in Mandarin that they are "dishes for Asians and dishes for Americans." This made me laugh. - We ordered items off both menus...and both were good. So, even the dishes they deem "less authentic" are delish. But, then again, I was born and raised in the States, so perhaps my palate is skewed.- They didn't skip a beat when we asked for no MSG. Can't wait to come back and to try the dim sum! My Chinese reading skills are pretty elementary, but glad I speak so I can get the "Asian people" dishes as well.
<review# 881,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/26/2010,11/19/2010,10,46,6,6,8>"Foam?? Why would you name a place foam?""Read the full name.""Foam Coffee & Beer...yeah, so?" "What's on the top of a poured beer?" "Head." "No...hmmmmm, foam.""Now, what's on top of a cappucino, latte, blah blah blah?""Whipped cream?""Ummmmmm, no. Foam. Now, read the name again.""Foam...coffee and bee...OHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!!!" (The former was real conversation with a...'friend' that shall remain nameless so as not to tarnish their otherwise intelligent persona). Confusion aside...Foam is a great name...and a pretty hip coffee/beer spot to boot.  I've only been once, and it was to hang out with some friends after my lovely wife's dance concert at the History Museum...so I'm writing this review with the hopes that I'll be back to give it some more thoughtful critique. The employees are chill, but not in a lazy way to where they don't serve you. They have coffee drinks...and beer drinks...which both have foam. AND, that case full of food treats you see? You can have stuff out of there until pretty late! It's not just pastries, it's pizzas and stuff...hummus and stuff...Billy Goat chips and stuff! Wife tried a little pizza...it was a DiGorno clone, but she was starving and it didn't suck so there's that. I had a Tin Mill on bottle (who knew they brew in Hermann?? Oh...Foam knew? And the rest of St. Louis knew? Oh...hmm.) All was pretty inexpensive as well. You may have gathered by now though that I'm not judging this visit on food and drink...as it was an afterthought this time around...what I'm diggin' on right here and right now is the building! Big painted logo on the wall?? CHECK! Rad blue couch with skinny jeaned kids that look like my brothers in law??? CHECK CHECK! Tribute to rockin' Indie artists both on the wall and playing overhead?? TRIPLE CHECK! HAT TRICK!! The place just works...it just works. It's not too hippster...though it is hippster...but if you're not hippster (which I'm not, these thunder thighs can't do skinny jeans...thank you Sean T. for all of your Insanity Workout guidance) you'll still be ok and still have fun here. Fun...kind of like the group of regulars that rolled in around 11...apparently they just wrapped up a 'film shoot' (music video? Indie film? Porno? I am leaning towards the third...they were looking a little rough around the dirty edges). They DID warn us that they are celebrating and that things 'Might get saucy...' even furthering the porno hunch, but kind of them all the same to give us fair warning of the 'sauciness' that was to insue. I like Foam, I like it a lot. I'll be back for music, more food, more foamy-ness. Until next time Cherokee Street...
<review# 882,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/16/2010,11/18/2010,80,275,5,7,8>This place is unique. All carnival foods, from funnel cake to ice cream and sno cones. Huge turkey legs and an owner who professes the best in his products. You know what? He has been right everytime.I got a wedding cake flavoured sno cone. Luckily when I ordered I didn't have to use the fun names he had assigned to the sno cone sizes. When he handed it to me, he said it was "The softest ice in town." I dig my spoon into it, and I had never had such ease in digging a spoon into a sno cone. So if you're in the county and craving something different with an owner who is proud of his creation, please spend your money here... Mr. Harry deserves it! :)
<review# 883,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/24/2010,11/17/2010,86,568,3,6,6>I have a huge backlog of bookmarks, so I thought that choosing a locale for my 200th review would be a long, drawn out affair as I internally debated the merits and weaknesses of each candidate.  My search ended quickly when I came across Wild Flower.  I used to live two blocks away, and I've visited Wild Flower on many occasions.  Day or night, weekday or weekend, inside or outside, Wild Flower has never failed to impress me and my guest(s).Outside: The sidewalk cafe has plenty of seats and is ideal for people-watching.  Service is prompt, the tables sport some funky art, and the staff fires up the heaters during the chillier nights.Inside: As proof of the versatility of Wild Flower, the inside dining area is pure class complete with white tablecloths and candlelight.Interior Bar: My favorite part of Wild Flower is made of a trinity of (1) excellent happy hour prices, (2) superb food and drink, and (3) some of the most personal service I've ever experienced anywhere.  I use the term "friendly" to describe good bartenders at 3-star establishments, but at Wild Flower, the bartenders truly act like your good friends.  This sort of service has to be experienced, not simply read about, I therefore urge you to have a similar 5-star experience at Wild Flower.
<review# 884,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/19/2010,11/16/2010,139,268,4,8,5>I love this little restaurant. It's perfect for a romantic dinner or, in my case, a family gathering. Atlas is grandpa's favorite restaurant, and rightfully so. Atlas can do no wrong in my eyes. The gnocchi was to die for. I always appreciate the bibb and blue cheese salad. Dessert is amazing as well. I've had the ginger cake with orange ice cream and it was just perfect. It was like a little bit of Christmas in my mouth. Creme Brulee was also tasty. My boyf always gets a steak or the lamb and both are always prepared perfectly.Service is on par and the bartender is the best I've come across. Plus, the owners always remember our names and which table we like. Nothing like being treated like a celebrity while enjoy a good meal and glass of wine.
<review# 885,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/7/2010,11/15/2010,275,429,6,13,8>Three words:  Big Ass Horchata.Seriously.  I've been served some large horchatas in my day, but none compare to this gigante glass of the sweet, cinnamony goodness.  I'll be back to Taqueria La Monarca for that alone.I had no trouble choosing my drink, but when it came time to choose a meal, I was stuck between tacos al pastor, torta al pastor or tamales.  (What can I say, I like my pork!).  Justin and I worked it out, though--he got the torta pastor and I had the tamales.  Both were great, with flavors and spices spot on, and the servings were generous enough that I had leftovers for lunch the next day.  The torta was pretty massive, but after a 30-mile bike ride earlier in the day, Justin had no trouble finishing it and exclaiming every few bites how awesome the bread was and how nice the pineapple tasted with the crispy pork.  Our two entrees, my giant horchata and an order of guac set us back $14.  Me gusta!I dig this little Mexican market with its small dining area.  As we sat and ate, a steady flow of customers came through the door for various staples:  Bimbo bread, Jarritos soda and Mexican Coke, bags of chicharrones, Mexican candy, pinatas.  Okay, nobody bought a pinata--but they do sell them, so somebody could have.  Before we left, we stocked up on tomatillos, limes and jalapenos for some homemade salsa verde, hoping we could match the spiciness and flavor of the house salsa they serve at La Monarca.  I could have bought a bag of horchata mix, too--but I think I'd rather head back to this little hole-in-the-wall eatery and eat some tacos while I'm nursing a super huge horchata!
<review# 886,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/12/2010,11/14/2010,17,68,1,6,4>Now that you can't bring back fabulous jars of olive oil or even a tiny flask of schnapps on the plane, what are your choices? You can use the duty-free shop to buy brands you could have found at Walgreens. Or you can pack the stuff in your luggage and come home with a selection of glass shards and greasy clothes. Or, you can go to Vom Fass.Vom Fass is a German chain that specializes in top-quality oils and vinegars, as well as spirits ranging from Scotch to absinthe. Because they're German, they emphasize both quality and natural purity. That means that flavored oils and vinegars are infused with herbs, not doped up with synthetic raspberry-almond-banana-shoepolish extract. But here's the key: You can try everything they have. Never again will you spend a fortune on a gorgeous-looking bottle of olive oil, only to find that it tastes like Mazola. Instead, you can taste the oil, decide on the perfect amount, and then you even get to pick out your own bottle, which you purchase separately. Some bottles are plain, others look like flasks for exotic perfumes -- it's up to you how much you want to spend and what strikes your fancy.So, stop in, have a taste or two or three and go home happy. Note: They even stock argan oil, which is produced only in Morocco and elsewhere costs a mint. I love them.
<review# 887,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/27/2010,11/13/2010,28,57,6,4,4>My husband wanted me to make sure to give this place 5 stars... I was on the fence between 4 and 5, and he told me to "give it a 5. the waitresses put it over the top." Truth be told, he really has a thing for brunette, artsy/alternative chicks, but I digress....We were there again today (our second time, and I know for sure we'll be back-- see waitress comment above-- haha)- last time was for breakfast on the back patio; today was for a late lunch inside (too darn hot for the patio)... E had a veggie croissant; I had "The goat"... a delicious sandwich with veggies, warm apricot chutney (awesome) and a goat cheese spread. Fantastic all around. Extensive coffee menu; plenty of breakfast/lunch options (breakfast served all day; food has a  healthy/local spin)... cool atmosphere. I think they grow their own veggies in the garden next door (though not positive) Great find, and fun neighborhood.
<review# 888,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/26/2010,11/11/2010,116,188,4,8,5>I'm not a Korean food expert but I know what's good, and Joo Joo is damn good!Joo-Joo is in the same plaza as Pita Plus.  I came in for lunch and was surpised to see that we were the only ones there.  They have a special lunch menu with about 10 choices on it.  I went for the spicy pork & vegetable dish ($8) and my friend got the beef bulgogi ($9).  Both were excellent.  The pork had some great heat to it, while the beef was very tender and flavorful.  Of course we got the standard Korean side items that came with the meal, such as kim chi, pickled radish, and seaweed (see attached photo).  They were all pretty decent.The prices were very reasonable and I took home plenty of pork for another meal.  The woman serving us was kind and helpful.  And the food came out in around 5 minutes!  Good food, good service, and good prices.  What more do you want?I was disppointed that no one else came in while we were there.  C'mon people, Joo Joo is a great lunch spot, so stop in and show some love.
<review# 889,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/19/2010,11/10/2010,144,93,8,9,5>Yes, I am a non-coffee drinker. What does that mean? I can't really tell the difference between lots of different coffees, but I do know I drink it with 3 Splendas and preferably hazelnut creamer. And yet, here I am, rating a coffee company, haha. I went to Lone Wolf Coffee Company for a morning meeting with a friend. He told me there was cheap breakfast there, which of course, I couldn't say no to. I was so very pleasantly surprised, however, to find that the food was not only cheap but fantastically fresh and delicious (I was tempted to type "so clean, clean," but that wouldn't make sense here... sadness). I had their Cordon Bleu, which is a nice omelette with ham and cheese and scallions. It was only $3.95 and came with a cup of fresh fruit. I also had the chance to taste their "Trailhead Temptation," which is a delish breakfast sandwich with bacon cheese and egg. I even bought a cup of coffee. They had Splenda and regular creamer, which worked for me. Overall, the food was great and the atmosphere is very nice. The place was well kept and very clean. I'd say definitely check out their breakfast options! I'm tempted to go back and try some of their other foods.
<review# 890,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/28/2013,4/4/2013,23,114,4,5,4>Well I have been here twice now and thought it was time to write a review!First time I went I got the chili cheese horseshoe...it was huge! I literally gorged myself and by the end I hadn't even reached the cheeseburger patty! I made about 3 meals from this. However there could have been more flavoring. Also our waitress did not get our request for an appetizer. Wait for 4 was about 30 minutes on a Sunday. That was fine as we waited at the bar and it wasn't that bad.Second time I went with one other person around 4:30 on a Saturday night. About an hour to an hour and a half wait. Waited at the bar. Drinks are a little pricey personally.I ordered the Chicken Atlanta with a side of mashed potatoes with white gravy and corn. As usual their bread was absolutely delicious with the honey butter. Service did seem to take quite a while.Mid meal, I was in the middle of my absolutely delicious potatoes and found a piece of plate in my mouth. The potatoes came in a tin bowl, but this was clearly a piece of porcelain plate. I advised my waitress who apologized profusely and brought me an entire new order of potatoes. I ended up getting my entire meal free (only had to pay for my sweet tea), and the new order of potatoes to go. And the manager came over to apologize. I was definitely impressed with this service.The chicken atlanta was delicious but I felt the chicken could have had more flavor or seasoning to it. I definitely advise the potatoes though, despite the plate experience they were amazing and I ate them the next day- and I never eat reheated potatoes.Only major complaint is I guess they had some windows cracked and people were smoking outside, right out side them. We were across the room from the windows and the whole place reeked of cigarettes, enough to make me lose my appetite (a little).All in all 4/5 because the wait is really terrible...I get there are a lot of people and a lot of food needing to come out but there were several times I saw tables and booths empty for extended periods of time, and I felt an almost 2 hour wait for 2 people seemed a bit ridiculous. Also I feel like most of their food seems to lack flavoring. The smoke smell definitely deterred me as well, but I will be back and will speak high praises of Lotawata.
<review# 891,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/8/2013,4/3/2013,132,135,4,8,6>When i think of Monty's the words nom nom nom nom nom instantly go through my head.Look, i LOVE sandwiches. And i don't know why but they always taste better when someone else makes them for you! And really good when Monty makes them! Everything i have had here is tasty. My fav sandwich was the Chicken Caprese (chicken breast, marinated tomatoes & fried fresh mozzarella drizzled with a creamy basil vinaigrette. Served on toasted Pugliese). Yeah, you read that right...fried mozzarella...on a sandwich. NOM!!!  It is  NOT a regular on the menu. It was a special. And i'm kinda glad its not always  on the menu cause i would want it everyday. My fav regular menu sandwich is called Better than chicken salad. And it is! Its basically chicken salad made with smoked turkey. Yum! Very good. Half of that plus a side salad makes and excellent lunch that is not crazy heavy.I've never had a burger...but they sure look good! Maybe one day i will try one! If you are downtown...check this place out! But just be aware the line can get crazy at peak lunch hours. You can call ahead though and do carry out so take advantage of that if you can! Oh and they deliever and cater.
<review# 892,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/8/2013,4/2/2013,21,54,4,6,5>I come from a land where Trader Joe's was unheard of... (now everyone knows of it)Came to St. Louis for college and my eyes were opened!I particularly enjoy this TJ's b/c everyone I meet is always just so stinkin' helpful!On my most recent trip, I noticed one of my favorite snack bars was out of stock on shelf, so I asked a friendly TJs  team member and they quickly ran to check the main computer as to where my beloved snack was.Where most people would just look at an empty shelf and say "sorry" this TJs has a bunch of awesome people willing to go the extra mile! AWESOME!only thing keeping this from a 5 star rating is the parking situation..always gotta be careful navigating this one...
<review# 893,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/7/2013,4/1/2013,69,117,3,10,10>I have been to a string of disappointing Mexican places recently so when J wanted to try out Mission Taco I went into it with mediocre expectations. I was so wrong. This place was fantastic. Located in the same building that The Delmar used to be in, it is almost unrecognizable. The decor is clean and trendy with bright murals on the wall. I went on their second night open and service had a few hiccups but each person was extremely quick, efficient and friendly. For an appetizer we ordered the crab taquitos which came with a spicy avocado sauce, the flavors could have been overpowering but they were balanced and complimentary. On to the tacos, those were things dreams are made of, seriously. I had a grilled fish taco and a beef brisket taco. Both were served on homemade corn tortillas which were slightly chewy and so flavorful. J raved about his duck taco and could only finish 1/4 of his chicken torta (those things are gigantic). I want to try everything on the menu, my waist will not be happy but i kind of just don't care.
<review# 894,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/8/2013,3/31/2013,151,293,2,7,5>While the jury is still out on their food, I like this place. We've been here twice now for happy hour. The happy hour is a great deal - micros are included, as are margaritas!We've tried a handful of their appetizers - none really knocked our socks off, but the wings are pretty great - they're huge, and their house-made Crossroads sauce is good.The Voodoo Chicken sandwich was great, just the right amount of heat, and bacon - can't really go wrong there! The Gorgonzola burger, however, was just so-so to me - the cheese was just too overpowering.The service has been pretty good when we've come, and the atmosphere gets you in a mardi-gras mood.I'd like to come back to try their in-house smoked meats. They also have a delicious sounding brunch on Sundays, including a $3 top-shelf Bloody Mary bar. I'll be back!
<review# 895,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/4/2013,3/30/2013,81,165,1,9,8>I'm a Kim Cheese convert.  This place was amazing.  I can't believe I've driven by numerous times only to think burger joint...burger joint.  This used to be an old Jack in the Box but has changed into an amazing Korean Fusion restaurant within the past few years.  It is located right across Olive Blvd from Steak n Shake and Decor interiors.  When you walk in you're greeted by friendly employees and a very easy to read menu.  There aren't very many vegetarian dishes (if any) on the menu. The Be Bim Bop is excellent!  At under $6 its a bargain.  It is served in a to go foil container with rice on the bottom topped with egg, bulgolgi beef,sprouts, carrots and other vegetables piled high.  You mix them up and you get Be...Bim...Bop!  On my first visit I couldn't help myself so I also ordered the spicy pork tacos and the to die for Kim Cheese burger!  The spicy pork tacos were served as 3.  Soft tacos with spicy pork topped with kim chee.  Options included standard or spicy salsa.  The Kim Cheese burger was my absolute favorite.  It is korean BBQ beef topped with cheese and kim chee!  It is a tad oily but worth it.  I'm going to have to sneak out to have a fix periodically it is that good.  They make it easy to get your fix though as they have a DRIVE THRU!They sell other local products at the restaurant as well including Billy Goat Potato Chips.The restaurant is small and acts more like a food stand.  There are maybe 9-10 small tables but that doesn't bug me one bit.I'll definitely be back... now only if they delivered!? Hmmmm...
<review# 896,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/7/2013,3/29/2013,117,126,7,15,10>LOVE this place. I decided 2013 would be my year for taking risks and trying things that I've always been afraid of. Rock climbing fell into that category.Perhaps more crippling than my fear of heights is my fear of being judged. This has held me back from a lot of cool things, and I was especially afraid that a rock climbing gym would be full of people who would point and laugh at the girl dangling by one foot from the auto-belay. Not so at this awesome gym (or probably at any gym, but whatever.)The positive vibes for Climb so iLL started before I set foot inside. Never having climbed anything besides my kitchen counter to change a lightbulb, I gave them a call to see what a first timer should do.The girl who answered the phone was so friendly and helpful. I learned that first time climbers don't have to take a full on class to get started. You just rent your gear, pay for your day pass, they'll show you around and you're free to get climbing.The customer service at this place is top tier. I've never been to other climbing gyms, but I have to imagine if other places are a Hampton Inn, this place is the Bellagio.Both people at the front desk were super helpful. The girl, whose name escapes me, was just the best. She helped me with shoes and got me into the right harness. She walked us around and taught us how to use the auto-belay system, showed us the different areas, and before I knew it I was scaling the walls.Just for reference -- with shoes, a harness and the day pass it was about $25 to climb. Kinda steep to do on a weekly basis, but totally worth it for this experience. They also offer memberships and punch cards.I'm getting wordy so I'll wrap up. They have a handful of auto-belays you can hook into if you don't have a partner. I took advantage of four of these and had an absolute blast challenging myself to reach the top. After about an hour or so, my arms were toast and my soft, baby hands were killing me. But I really wanted to keep going. That's how much fun it is. If you've always wanted to give climbing a shot, but have been too nervous or think you'll die out there, just get to this place. It's so laid back and cool and fun. Stick around and watch the pro's climb without harnesses. That's some inspiration for you. Really great place. Fantastic staff and customer service. Clean facility. Not intimidating in the slightest. I'm definitely coming back for a class.
<review# 897,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/19/2013,3/28/2013,185,237,6,10,9>This place fits me perfectly!I have never shied away from a greasy spoon.  Sometimes I have to clean that spoon a little with my napkin, but even that has never deterred me from trying every diner on this side of the Mississippi.I don't know how Billie's Fine Foods has alluded me so very long.  Some of my friends have written about this joint, but it didn't become apparent to me until the past few days.  Anxious and willing, we made our first trip to Billie's and sampled several fine foods!First of all, the prices are low.  You can get a whole breakfast for $5.75.  That include eggs, potatoes, a meat, and your choice of biscuits and gravy or pancake.  And the serving size is no joke.  It includes one healthy sized pancake or a large order of B & G.  I ordered the biscuits but added for a side of flapjacks for $1.70.  Needless to say, I did not finish!They also serve a seven dollar slinger, probably the most expensive breakfast item on the menu.  This dish looks more like a mountain than a breakfast.  My special lady friend could not handle this kind of sling!For me, it was all about the pancakes.  The sausage, potatoes, and egg were pretty much par for a diner.  I've had better biscuits and gravy, but the single pancake that I had rocked!  Fluffy and thick, this flapjack made my breakfast experience.  I would come by again just for an order of pancakes.  Finally, Billie's has an array of diner food.  Each day of the week offers a different five dollar special.  If I wasn't so smitten with having breakfast again, I would definitely give each daily special a try.  However, I might need to get over my flapjack fixation first!Hungry yet?  Get a load of Billie's Fine Foods.  You won't leave hungry.  Or broke!
<review# 898,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/21/2013,3/27/2013,102,159,7,8,6>3 Monkeys brunch is killer. I'll get to that in a minute. What made this brunch ridic was the unlimited mimosas. Then one Sunday some D-bag went atomic on the mimosas and drank amounts in double digits then went nuclear. Jerk. As of that day it is now a 3 mimosa limit. Having said that, the brunch is still one of the best in town. A carving station. An omelete station. Fruits, pastries and all things breakfast in another room. And I think it's like $17 or something. Totally ridic AND it includes mimosas. If that somehow changed, please alert me. The mimosa change happend within one week when I was last there. Things can change on a dime when alcohol is involved. Speaking of which...as a day drinking spot, it's nice. You can relax and not feel rushed.  And the location is great for walking off that buzz or brunch to the resale shop across the street or the shops one block away.
<review# 899,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/19/2013,3/26/2013,92,533,8,10,7>The graffiti wall is very impressive and no doubt one of the coolest attractions in the city.  As I understand it, the city gave some special permission for graffiti artists to go ahead and paint the whole floodwall down there.  It's obvious as you drive along, there were some very talented artists involved.  You'll want to get out an take a few pictures along the way.   At a couple of spots, you're really too close to enjoy it from the car, but I don't recommend venturing off the road into the, uh, prairie/dump area to the right.If you go, you should be aware there is only a dirt road to follow and at some point, you may wonder if you're safe.  To quote my wife halfway through our little tour, "I wish I had a gun."There was no real danger, or any dangerous looking people, for that matter.  A couple of guys looked like they were making a drug deal, but they were only baiting a fishing pole.  A few more guys down the road were painting.   Otherwise we didn't see anyone.  A passing tour bus would have been nice to see.  I think what's kind of unsettling is that there aren't many options once you're on the road other than to continue on. So...awesome art, quirky location, don't even think about going at night.
<review# 900,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/25/2010,4/20/2010,513,774,11,7,4>I'm gonna be a straight shooter.... I am THE Bonnie in Bonnie and Clyde. I grew up shooting beer cans in the fields on the farm. I'd shoot skeet out out the creeks of where I'm from. (Although Daddy says those clay disks are just a waste of time when you can use the resources you got.) When I moved to St. Louis I had to get my shoot on but where? This place is a great place to shoot. My hang up is dang it's expensive. Even for city slicker prices (ya that's something my dad says too.)
<review# 901,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/15/2010,4/19/2010,25,103,2,4,3>Recently for health reasons I have become the big "V"- vegan. Well more like a "VIT" vegan in training. So imagine my pure glee when I walked into Foundation Grounds to find that my favorite soup (potato and leek) was the soup of the day and it was vegan. The soup was fantastic along with the vegan pumpkin muffin I ate.I will be back again and again for yummy treats.
<review# 902,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/21/2010,4/18/2010,9,62,,5,4>We've gone to Baldo's several times and the food and service has always been wonderful.  Periodically, Baldo's will offer full four course dinners which include wine, if you like.  When they say "include" they pour the wine the entire time you are there.  You can pick from a selection of three or four appetizers, three or four entrees and a selection of deserts.  Usually you have a selection of fish, beef, chicken and sometimes vegegarian.  DId I mention you also select a salad entree to begin with.  With your entree you can select sides of veggies and/or pasta.  I can't remember what, exactly, the per person price is but it's very reasonable and includes your gratuity.  Baldo also makes excellent gelato!  You have to try that.
<review# 903,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,3/25/2010,4/17/2010,66,111,4,12,5>I found this place by accident.  One day while eating at a Jimmy Johns for lunch, I see this dude walk in with a Wang Gang shirt.  Of course, I'm like what's that?  Well first time I went it was good, newer restaurant with very friendly owners.  At first, I thought it was a little expensive.  It was our first time there so we wanted to try a few items that were made with a new idea.  I needed to keep that in mind so I wanted to give it some more tries before I wrote.  That new idea was there tiny fingerling Crab Rangoon.  I get them wanting to try something different.  But for me, they are just ok and not quite worth the price.  On the other hand, their chicken lettuce wraps are a great value and great flavor.  I actually like them rolled up in a tortilla with their house made soy mustard sauce that I must eat on everything!  The chicken fried rice is made with a lot of white meat chicken and nothing is too greasy.  The lo mein noodles are good too.  All in all, the Pan Asian flavor they got going on is great.  I've given it a few more tries and I've found my happy place.  It's great for to go or eat in.  I actually have bought their take out twice this week.  I crave their lettuce wraps.  I'm pretty sure this could be a weekly event.  The restaurant has a great décor & vibe.  I'm glad they don't leave the tables preset with dishes anymore.  We don't need others touching our plates.  They definitely have a PF Changes vibe on a lower budget.  Also, I noticed they have a fried rice combo for $6 form 11am - 4pm daily that includes your choice of meat including shrimp chicken, beef or tofu, a mini appetizer & soda.  Not a bad price at all for the quality of this food establishment.  Their food does always taste very fresh with quality ingredients.  I think I found my take out heaven, but am anxious to eat in with friends or family
<review# 904,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/14/2010,4/15/2010,38,140,,8,3>Wouldn't expect this place to be on Olive, a little far from it's brethren on Cherokee st. and although I can't say that their tacos are as good as Taqueria El Bronco (haven't had their tortas yet to compare to neveria), I tried enough to say that their menu, top to bottom is probably better than any other Mexican restaurant I've found thus far in St. Louis.If they do have specialty, it's probably their sopes and huaraches (kinda like tacos but the meat's piled high on a thick, fried corn tortilla).  They do dribble mayo pretty liberally on much of their food so I try to remember to ask them to leave it off.  The sopes also come in 3's, but they're very filling, I'd go with two next time.The carnitas was better than lengua or carne asada, cabeza and maciza aren't available here.The fish tostadas made with ceviche are really good, although one of my friend's was way too limey, more so than his other two (he ordered three).It's also connected to a market, has a few vegetables, some good snacks, I picked up a handful of jalapenos to complement my trader joes salsa at home, and the owner waved it off, said, "next time."  Cool.So why not 5 stars?  last time i went, bit on something hard, figured a bone got into the carnitas, turned out to be a staple.  a dirty, twisted staple.  whatever, it's only happened once, i can forgive it, it won't keep me from going back.what really knocked off the star was that they don't have any beer, and if i can't have a negra modelo, or at the very least, sol, it's just not a complete experience for me.still, not a place to be overlooked, check this place out.
<review# 905,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/22/2010,4/14/2010,24,68,,9,5>Who knew that Jade delivered to Lafayette Square? I assumed incorrectly that they didn't deliver period, let alone outside of downtown - what a great surprise to find out they did! My sister had some people over on Saturday and instead of cooking we decided to give Jade delivery a try. We called in an order of 18 rolls and then the hostess hung up to prep the order for a few minutes (confirming the costs and delivery time with the kitchen, etc) and then called my sister back and reconfirmed the full order one more time. The delivery came in an hour (not bad for that much sushi if you ask me) and each of the boxes was labeled with the type of roll that in each one. The delivery person (who we've seen at the restaurant working behind the bar before) was very friendly. This experience just increased my pleasure of Jade's food and service - I'll definitely be back in to eat as well as get delivery more often.
<review# 906,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/31/2010,4/13/2010,45,113,12,9,6>An open love letter to Fortel's Pizza Den.Oh Fortel's how I love thee.  Your divine specialty thin crust pizzas, your appetizers, your hot fresh delivery.  Sure I have driven by one or more of your nine locations and thought you were just more of the same thin crust pizza with a goofy chef logo.  But you are more.  So much more.  I remember when my sister suggested we "try" Fortel's Pizza Den in Ballwin.  We had ordered pizza from all the other local pizza establishments and needed some change.  I believe we ordered Lexi's Spicy Southwest Chicken Deluxe, which while not spicy, had plenty of mouth watering chicken, roasted red peppers, onions, and mozzarella cheese.  Why, we even ordered a Bayley's Spicy Buffalo Chicken Deluxe with all that hot wing sauce, chicken and mozzarella.  You were even so kind to offer us either some ranch or bleu cheese dressing on the side.Your love, dear Fortel's, is an addiction.  We've courted you on several occasions branching out to other taste sensations like the Fred's Philly Cheese Steak Deluxe and the Brynn's Chicken Florentine Deluxe.  Each time we are left stuffed and wondering why we ate the whole thing!  I say one of these days I will try the make my own option and I will explore the list of sauces including, pesto, creamed pesto, southwest, bbq, white and GRAVY.  But it doesn't end there with you, does it Fortel's?  You have to go and offer and wide array of appetizers.  I must say your mini beer battered cheese sticks are quite tasty.  But offering meatballs with sauce or gravy, stuffed olives, wings, toasted ravioli and fried eggplant!?!?!?  You spoil me.  Let me say our relationship doesn't end here Fortel's.  I still have to try your salads, sandwiches and pasta.  But that is a whole other page of the menu.  I'll talk to you soon my sweet!
<review# 907,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,12/14/2009,4/12/2010,9,147,2,2,1>I really want to like this place more than I do.  It is a small restaurant, but not in a bad way; it is very cozy.  The party of 3 I was a part of was not able to get a table right away, so we were delegated to the back of the restaurant where there was a seating area.  This is where the problems began...There was no waitress available in the back.  Usually you could just go the the bar to grab a drink, but it was very difficult to do so.  I waited for about 10 minutes to even get an order in, since the single bartender is getting drinks for all the waitresses along with the people sitting at the bar, as well as manning the cash register, handling all the checks.  He was very overworked, and I felt very in the way the entire time trying to get a drink.Once we sat down, the service didn't increase in quality much.  The waitress didn't stop by very often, even though the waitress to table ratio seemed fine.Now, the food.  We snagged some breadsticks that was more like an oblong cheese pizza.  These were pretty much identical to the pizza, just without the sauce.  All of the pizza was very simple, which was good to a point, but it had me longing for more.  The outside of the wood-fire oven cooked thin crusts were very bubbly and had lots of blackening, which gave it a very bitter taste when taken alone.  This isn't really that big of the deal but the center of the pizza was somewhat undercooked, especially when compared to the outside.The dessert was fantastic, though, freshly made apple pie with caramel gelato... it sure helped the experience, but couldn't offset the rest.The beer selection was small, but quite eclectic; sadly, my experience was soured by their being out of a few of the brews that I would've liked to sample.This place borders between a 3 and 4 star, but I'm going to have to go with 3-star, since I don't really think I would choose this place again.
<review# 908,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/13/2010,4/11/2010,36,255,6,12,4>Yo, when they say like a cafeteria, they mean it. And when they say it's soul food, they mean it!Decor: It's actually a pretty big place. Once you enter and you turn around the corner, you'll see that nice familiar cafeteria booth with all the metal trays with the poles designating how/where to line up. It was a bit stuffy/warm for my preference, so much so that the windows were all foggy from the temp difference.Service: First off, the man who fills up my Sweet Tea and who welcomed me in was ABSOLUTELY WONDERFUL. He joked with us and always had a smile as he persuaded us to get more Sweet Tea refills (Free!!). The workers serving the food are very generous with the portions and they're super funny.Food: Going down the cafeteria line, I decided on the following foods (pictures posted)- Fried Chicken: uh, no duh I'll try that. They were GINORMOUS, juicy and greasy. yessss.- Mac&Cheese: I do not generally eat mac & cheese. This? I gobbled it up in a jiffy. - Candied Yams: Tasted sugary like a pie and sooo delicious. - Cornbread: This was about average, not to say it wasn't good.- Sweet Tea: pretty decent, pretty good. I went to the South once and well.. this wasn't like the South's but it was good.- I tried my friend's fried catfish which was pretty good.It was all comes up to about $10+ which isn't too bad, I thought, for the portion you get. The food+decor also explains why this is so popular among college student. :]Bottom Line: Yeah, you'll feel a little greasy and you'll feel some indigestion, but you need your fill of soul food every now and then and this is the place to get it. :]
<review# 909,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/14/2010,4/10/2010,21,91,7,7,6>If I were a restaurant, I would be the Royale.  This is a bar that is politically liberal, urban-minded, proudly St. Louis to the core, a bit elitist, but still friendly to all.  Just like me!  Oh and although the Royale and I are both staunch liberals, we love big juicy burgers as much as Jim Bob from Booneville.I really do love this place although I don't go there nearly as much as I would like to.  The Kingshighway burger is one of the best in the STL and I love all the quirky drinks named after various St. Louis neighborhoods.  Service can be on the slow side and usually isn't overly friendly but it's satisfactory.   The patio is fun in the summer.Now this place definitely isn't for everybody.  I probably wouldn't take your gun-toting, anti-Obama, brother in law here.  But you probably don't want to hang out with him anyway.
<review# 910,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/30/2012,12/3/2012,144,692,,6,5>BR offered more than I expected. I imagined that I would get a good burger, but didn't imagine that there would be SIX choices for the basic ingredient (beef, pork, chicken, bison, lamb, or veggie), or that mine would be extra thick, cooked-to-order medium, and handsomely presented on a square white dinner plate. Therese H. ordered the "Morocco" (onion chutney, feta, arugula) on a gluten-free roll, and I had the "Mediterranean" (cucumber relish, roasted red pepper, roasted tomato, red curry chevre). Before the burger, we started out with drinks, a Schafly Pale Ale for me from a fine selection of local brews, and for TH a bottle of St. Peter's sorghum beer from the UK. We shared a fig salad, which was generously loaded with figs, a pleasant surprise since we slice figs for home salads, and know they're not cheap. Likewise, the "small" fry at $2 seemed like plenty for two to share. I enjoyed the sriracha catsup, though it had a little too much bite for TH. From where I was seated, I could watch food prep and plating, and was fascinated by something that looked like a thick waffle or two or three going out with some orders. After a while wondering whether this was some special soufflé, I learned from our fine server Tessie that what I had spotted were onion rings! If just the sight of onion rings can generate that kind of interest, what further menu pleasures remain to be discovered?Aside from the ingestibles, I really like the interior. TH and I sat across from one another at the long communal table, sort of the centerpiece of a narrow but deep space in an old multistory building. The bar is to the right side, the kitchen to the left.  Food prep is separated from dining space by a low wall and many rectangles of suspended art glass. There seems to be nothing special about the glass and frames, they look like they're reused, as are the old milk barrels that function as lighting canisters. The overall effect is pleasing, a nice foil to the white plates and bowls in which the burgers, salads, and fries are nestled, so food remains the star. There's seating upstairs in a balcony area, and picnic tables out on the Tenth Street sidewalk. I'm no architect, but the whole package strikes me as smartly designed and well executed.
<review# 911,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/20/2012,12/2/2012,238,242,,8,7>I recently stumbled upon this great little food stand while visiting Soulard Market one Saturday.  Lona's Lil Eats is a tasty little joint located in the Southwest hall of the market.  According to their Facebook page, they are open on Saturdays from 9am to 4pm, so be sure to plan accordingly.  I noticed a sign saying that they are now open on Fridays also, but not sure what the hours are.  I especially like how fresh everything is here; you can watch as they chop vegetables in preparation for the Thai spring rolls and salads.  The simple menu includes Japanese chicken kebobs and Tibetan beef kebobs at $3 each or two for $5.  Kebob platters include Thai fried rice and Thai salad for $6.50 or you can get the rice solo for $3/$5 or salad for $4.  The Thai spring rolls (veggie or chicken) are two for $5 and come with a peanut sauce.  A burger for $3 and turkey leg for $7 was also listed on the menu.  Drinks include Thai ice tea for $2.25 and bottled water and soda options.  So far, I've tried the Thai spring rolls, Thai salad and Thai ice tea.  I really enjoyed the salad, made with cabbage, onions, carrots, cilantro mixed and a tasty sauce.  The spring rolls are made with rice paper and not deep fried.  I love a fresh healthy spring roll and this one didn't disappoint with the flavorful side of peanut dipping sauce.  It was a bonus to see my roll being prepared right in front of me, allowing me to request extra cilantro which I love so much.  I'm really looking forward to going back and trying the kebobs and rice.  Overall, I give this place a strong 4 stars for their fresh, healthy and tasty offerings.  My idea of a fun Saturday is riding my bike to Soulard Market and rewarding myself with a great meal from Lona's.  Be sure to check it out next time you're there!
<review# 912,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/10/2012,12/1/2012,224,200,5,7,6>The Gumbo Shop has my heart.Devin's comfort food of choice is gumbo, so when he gets a craving, this is where we find ourselves. One of the few places for which we will leave our confines of the City. You will find us here every few Saturday nights.Simple, unassuming, kitschy, clean, bright, inviting.Devin gets the gumbo time and time again, but the blackened catfish is phenomenal. Bold flavor, grilled to perfection, and full of crispy, yet moist and flaky texture to tantalize the senses. I don't even like catfish and this is the corny, professional food-critic garble that I'm pouring through my keyboard right now. That should tell you something.The crabcakes are the best I've ever had. I'm salivating just thinking about it. Fabulously crispy and savory on the outside, melt-in-your-mouth crabby deliciousness on the inside. Paired perfectly with their sweet and tangy tartar sauce. Housemade, of course. Everything here is made fresh in house, from secret recipes handed down from the original owner, of which the current owner is very protective!Speaking of the owners, they are the nicest, most down-to-earth people I've ever met. If you're lucky, Jon will pull up a chair and entertain your table with jokes about Crazy Cajuns.Here's one for you, on the house (I, of course, can't tell it half as well as Jon, but here goes):Boudreau and Toupleau rented a boat and went out fishing. All day they went without one bite, until just before they were about to dock for the evening, Toupleau caught a fish - a really big one! And then another, and another...and Toupleau said, "Boudreau, look at all these fish! We gotta mark this spot so we can come back tomorrow!"So Boudreau pulled out a marker and put a big X on the bottom of the boat...."Boudreau, you idiot!" exclaimed Toupleau. "How do you know we're gonna get this same boat tomorrow?!"I'm here all night, folks.Actually, Jon's there all night, most nights, really. And his wife Holly, and the rest of the friendly gumbo gang. Hopefully you'll hit up the Gumbo Shop soon and dine and be entertained and fall in love with the place like I have.
<review# 913,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/29/2012,11/29/2012,103,317,5,14,9>I've been wanting to try this place ever since a friend told me about it, so when Kat V. suggested it for lunch, I was game. Our first visit was stymied due to the fact that the owners were on vacation, but we were green to go our second try. It's very efficiently run by a family, something that you rarely see these days. The son runs the front, taking orders and working the cash register, and the parents run the kitchen and smiles and waves at everyone who walks in. The son is all-business and actually on the curt side. They have some other employees who take the meals out to the customers and clean off the tables.They have a continual coupon on their website, which is simply "Bring in this coupon for a coupon". The "coupon" is for a free drink. The son kinda sneered at us when we asked him about that. Dude, a coupon is a coupon. Their lunch special is from 11-2 and consists of a 6" gyro, small fries, and soda for about $7.00. It might be a little higher; I forget, but I remember thinking that it wasn't as bad as other lunch places...so I'm a little hesitant to even say it was more than $7. Otherwise, if you miss the lunch special, there is an entire menu of sandwiches, gyros, shawarma, and Italian beef.The gyros came out really fast, despite the fact that there was a lunch crowd, and we dug in. There was a massive amount of meat on the gyro, and it was all tasty, so double thumbs-up for that. I actually ended up using a fork and knife because there was so much meat and sauce that the pita bread actually paled in comparison. But the bread was fresh, and the entire thing was pretty good, but also a little bit on the greasy side. The fries were nothing to write home about.While the gyro did not compare to any Turkish gyro (or any gyro from overseas, for that matter), it's one of the best gyros you can have in the St. Louis area. It definitely hit the spot, and I'll be back when I get my next craving for a gyro.
<review# 914,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/13/2012,11/28/2012,413,665,32,20,14>TRACEY W.'S GUIDE TO MIKE TALAYNA'SThis guide is based on about one hour of actual experience, which was preceded by three years of buildup. Rule Number One: Don't listen to what your friends tell you about this place. Only listen to what I tell you about this place. This place is rumored to be an old strip club. If you are impressed by that, you're obviously from around here. The rest of us realize that the novelty of having your business in a former strip club is on par with building your house on an ancient Indian burial ground... Like, what house ISN'T build on an ancient Indian burial ground? And what self respecting dance club didn't used to have stripper poles? There are TWO WAYS to experience this place. DRUNK OFF YOUR ASS, and the lesser known SOBER AS FUCK. The standard advice for this place is "go drunk". Sure, go drunk your first time. That's amateur. The pros know going sober is where the money's at.OPTION A: DRUNK OFF YOUR ASSPeople less cool than me will tell you not to enter this establishment before 1 AM. If you truly are drunk off your ass, and not the more common I've-had-one-drink-but-am-pretending-to-be-drunk-­off-my-ass, then who the fuck cares what time you go here? Bring back going out at 8 PM.Advice for the drunk-off-your-assers:1. When you get dressed, remember that this is not a dark night club. All light is reflected off a thousand square feet of reflective surfaces. We are going to see if you didn't shave your legs. Yeah. So if you're thinking, meh, I'm going to a sleazy night club, fuck shaving my legs, yeah, think again. Especially if you're a chick.2. Actually be drunk off your ass. Being slightly tipsy or at this club TRYING to get drunk is going to be beyond miserable. Their overpriced, watered down drinks will not get you drunk, you'll be having a teletubbies-esque seizure from the 500 disco balls, and you'll have to piss before you're drunk enough to stomach the bathrooms. Pre game is the name of the game.3. You don't need to remove your wedding band, but you probably should memorize your phone number. This is useful both for when chicks want your number, and also when the police need a way to contact you later.4. Drunk is fine. Stupid is not fine. Not the place to exercise testosterone-driven ego fests and punch someone for looking at your girlfriend. The bouncer to disco ball ratio here is 1:1. They WILL beat you down and you will have to spend the rest of the night confined to time out.5. If you want to judge people for their horrible singing and dancing skills, this is the wrong club for you. 6. If you can only sing or dance after 10 drinks, then drink 12 drinks before you come here and save us two hours of your annoying "oh my god, I can't dance, I'm not drunk enough, blablablablaBLABLABLABLABLBA". 7. No expectations.Advice for the sober people:1. This is the world's best place to come sober, unless you don't want to be sober. If you come in trying to be sober, and with proper mental attitude, things are going to go great.2. Why you may wonder? First of all, everybody else here is DRUNK OFF THEIR ASS. You could literally take a dump in the middle of the dance floor and roll around in it and people would be cheering you on like you were one of the break dancers in "Step It Up". Have you ever been to a nightclub where you could FULLY be yourself with no judgment and without having to lie and go, "Ohhhhh, I'm so ooooooo wasted right now," every five seconds to justify your behavior? No justification needed here. It is the most freeing, liberating experience you will ever have. You will be the world's best dancer, the word's best singer, and people will worship you here. Trust.3. You can sit back and watch the madness in peace. It's like watching live YouTube. I'm not saying judge these people. You will wish you were out there being a moron too. But just take a seat and thank your higher power for this precious gift. There is no way you could think about work, your ex, or your credit card debt while watching what goes on here. It's like drug-free Prozac. Also, you won't need porn for about a month if you are sober, because you will actually remember all the PDA you witness here. Mike Talayna's is God's way of apologizing for every bad thing that happened to you this week. There is no way you could leave this place feeling worse about yourself than when you come in.Advice for newbs:1. Don't listen to all the hype or you WILL be disappointed. It's seriously not that great. It's a room with mirrored walls and a few disco balls. It's what a dance club would look like if it were designed by a 12-year old in the 80's. Also:-It concerns me that the word "restaurant" is in the name of this bar. Don't.-More karaoke than dance club.-If you are in your late 20's or early 30's and need a place other than your car where you can scream the words to Party in the USA without fear of ridicule, go here. Go here now.
<review# 915,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/4/2012,11/27/2012,11,77,4,7,4>Brunch is kinda the best meal ever -- the socially accepted way to sleep in and still eat breakfast and drink in the morning.  Also, the small plates style totally works for brunch.  I hadn't been to Salt in quite a while, but when a friend suggested it for brunch, I scoped the menu and was totally on board.We enjoyed a biscuit and gravy, cheesy bacon risotto with an egg yolk, deep fried french toast with bacon, duck fat frites, and of course mimosas.  We got there a little early because we had movie tickets, so there weren't many people there and they had the bartender serve us.  I knew we were on the same speed when he warned us he makes his mimosas extra boozy with just a splash of orange juice.  All of the food was amazing.  The biscuit was moist and the sausage gravy was yummy.  The risotto was creamy with bacon and green onions, and the egg yoke was the figurative cherry on top.  It was a perfect mix of flavors with a great creamy texture.  The frites are always good because you really can't go wrong with friend potatoes, and I love that they make their own ketchup and mayo.  The mayo is my fav.  The french toast was like dessert but definitely not too sweet.  It was deep fried and dusted with powdered sugar.  It was served with two really good pieces of bacon because the salty sweet flavor combo is heavenly.  I thought it was a little strange that it didn't come with syrup but we asked for some, and it was amazing.It was a relaxed brunch with great food and booze and friendly service -- a perfect brunch!
<review# 916,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/29/2012,11/26/2012,68,185,2,11,5>I have been wanting to come into this place for a very long time and finally got around to peeking inside,  and wow this place is awesome.Right of the bat you notice all the character of the inside. Everything from the reclaimed wooden floors to the tiled historic-eque ceiling, down to the real tea candles lit on the tables. The decor is really something. You definitely feel in a different city coming here. Winslow's Home would be a hit in San Francisco because it reminds me so much of the little coffee shops they have there. I love that they sell little kitchen gadgets and mugs. I like the variety of different foods they have to sell in the back. Everything looks fresh and home made and I like the fact that they use locally grown produce. Have you tried the Chicken Pot Pie? OMG it is to die for. I love the crust and the price is reasonable although when I asked how to heat in the oven the Barista said 30 min at 350F. WOW really?It took 1 hour at 400F just for you future Pot Pie eaters. I have also tried the Americano and the Toddy and those were really good. I especially liked the Coffee Toddy. My BF tried the Apple Pie and he said it was really really good. Is it worth the $5 price tag? Not sure. Overall I like the atmosphere and the vibe of Winslow's Home. Its a little on the pricier side when it comes to food and drinks but the ambiance is worth it though. I love that they have outdoor seating as well. I hope this business continues to do well and that people pour in because places like Winslow's Home are far and few in the area.
<review# 917,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/20/2012,11/25/2012,132,135,4,7,4>i've always though frozen yogurt was stupid. it sacrifices taste to be slightly healthier version of ice cream,  which gives women the feeling that they can load up on without feeling guilty. i'm still waiting for the day to find some crazed woman open mouthed underneath the yogurt spout, taking full advantage of the self service style.anyway, so what made me change my mind? listen, its not like frozen yogurt is bad (well, Red Mango is bad - but that actually TASTES like yogurt). its still a sugary, delicious frozen treat and it does taste pretty good. especially at yogurt land. they have the best flavors. they usually have 3 or 5 versions of chocolate (chocolate milkshake, devils food chocolate and almond mocha midnight being my fav choc flavors). The other flavors i like are cookies and cream, vanilla bean and peanut butter.yogurtland is cheaper than other places, and the workers are always so so friendly....they always offer up sample cups and don't make you feel weird about it.yogurt will never replace icecream, but i no longer have a deep seeded hatred for it, thanks in partial to yogurtland.
<review# 918,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/21/2012,11/24/2012,19,61,4,5,3>Came back a second time. Still only three parties dining this evening, but that's twice as many as last time. This time around I tried the Kilkenny burger, while Ben D. had the O'Shaypherd's pie. Kitschy I know. We also shared some of their home made crisps (not really crispy, but really good none the less), and beer cheese sauce. Very good. The crisps, or chips as Yankees call them are pretty crisp around the edges, and softer toward the center. I have to guess this is because they are cut a little thicker. I really enjoyed them. And that cheese sauce, well there could totally be more of that!Let me tell you about the Kilkenny. It is a really good burger to start, topped with caramelized onions, house made horsey sauce (That goes well with EVERYTHING), and corned beef! You're no doubt thinking the same thing I was when I first read it. This sounds incredibly unwieldy and likely impossible to eat without getting everywhere. I don't pretend to know how they did it. But it's incredibly stable, and easy to handle. It all stays together. As stated in Adam P's review. The flavors on this sandwich play incredibly well together.    I again beg everyone to go eat here, as I am now addicted to their horsey sauce, and if they fail, I lose my fix. I AM NOT GOING BACK TO REHAB!!!
<review# 919,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/15/2012,11/23/2012,194,81,2,11,3>Why did it take me so long to finally visit Blues City Deli?  I had heard amazing things about them, but never took the time to stop by.I was missing so much. I have visited twice now and have had a great experience both times.  The place is crazy busy most of the time I have had to sit outside or at the crowded counter, but the closeness of the place just adds to the ambiance.  The muffaletta sandwich is the best I have ever had.  The Uncle Sam's Club is also a winner.  I am getting hungry just writing this review and can't wait to go back.
<review# 920,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/12/2011,5/2/2012,319,681,4,20,7>Megabus is usually the cheapest way to get from St. Louis to Chicago . All tickets have to be purchased on-line and they have a limited departure schedule, but for $1-$25 average one way ticket direct from St. Louis Union Station to Chicago Union Station, you can't really beat it.  They also travel from St. Louis to Normal - IL, Kansas City - MO, and Columbia - MO.Positives are price.  Can't beat it.. Negatives are that they say they offer wi-fi, but you usually can't get a signal between St. Louis and Chicago. There is no "Ticket Agent" to talk to. So, your on-line purchase and the driver are it, and sometimes he's a grump. The stop is on 20th street between St. Louis Union Station and Maggie O'Brien's, but there is no real stop marker. So, stand around and hope for the best until the bus arrives. There is no real order before the bus comes. So be prepared for the a-hole next to you to jump in line when the bus pulls up to the curb. Seating is first come, first served.   Mostly students and International travelers.Worth it for the price.
<review# 921,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/22/2011,5/1/2012,60,293,,6,5>I was there for a going away for someone a few weeks back and was intrigued as I had heard a lot about this place by a German guy that works for me. I'll be the first to admit that I am no authority what so ever on German food, so take this for what you will. The hostess/waitress was decked out in what I assume was a traditional Bavarian outfit and very friendly. Several people recommended the Rahm Schnitzel, but I decided to play it safe and just went with the Wiener Schnitzel. The pork was nice tender and was rather good. I will admit that as I looked around to what everyone else ordered, I wished I had gone with something else as several of the dishes looked very good. The service was good, the food was good and the prices were not bad. It's a bit out of my way to visit again, but if someone suggested it I would definitely tag along.
<review# 922,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/9/2012,4/30/2012,116,188,,8,8>What a cool space!I came here with a friend on a Saturday night around 9pm to hang out and have a drink. Two floors were open, and a musician (Beth Bombara) was playing on stage.  It was pretty lively with a mixed crowed (20s to 40s).  Some people were eating, others watching the show, others drinking at the bar.Some other stuff I remember:- The shuffleboard is indeed functional and there were people playing it.- In that same huge room there was also a ping-pong table (with paddles & ball)  and some sort of sandbox-type thing filled with cushions & pillows. You bet I took a flying leap into it!- About 15-20 beers on tap, and they even offered half-pint servings which I appreciate since I can try more beers that way.- In the music area there are standing tables and also couches off to one side, so youcan sit down in comfort while listening to the performers (assuming no one else has gotten there first).  Overall the acoustics seemed pretty good.- There's an outdoor balcony on the second floor if you want to get some fresh air, smoke a cig, etc.- People working there seemed friendlyOverall I like this place a lot and what they're trying to do.  Looking forward to trying some of the food, including the ginger float (woo-hoo!).  Their website is pretty comprehensive so take a look.
<review# 923,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/20/2011,4/29/2012,151,293,5,8,8>I've owed The Post an updated review for quite a while, and with good cause - I'm here once a week!My boyfriend and I are pretty much anti-sports games and watching of sports, but yet we're here weekly. Why? The FOOD and the specials! Both are fantastic. Plus, you still can't beat $2 Schlafly pints during happy hour, you just can't!I think we've collectively tried almost everything on the menu. Apps are great and varied, salads are huge and filled with goodies, pizza is fantastic, burgers and chicken sandwiches are great, and their fries - dear lord, their fries are seriously sprinkled with crack. No really though, I think they sprinkle the fries with sugar and a touch of cinnamon - which sounds really weird, but is NOT.The staff here is top-notch as well. The bartenders are fast and friendly, and all of their waitresses are sweet-as-pie - and not in the fake, I'm fishing for tips way, but in the genuine, how are you, what would you like? kind of way.Keep it up Post, you're a favorite!Love, Danielle (the one at the bar weekly with my boyfriend)
<review# 924,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/1/2012,4/28/2012,80,275,3,6,6>I liked the food at Hon's Wok! This was the first place I tried a St. Paul's sandwich and it wasn't bad! My vegetable Lo Mein was great and crab rangoon tasted as expected. They were kind of slow, but they were dealing with a group of 30+ Yelpers and they actually got it out pretty fast for being near the end! And plus they got the orders down stat! And the owners were very nice and thanked us for coming!It's a pity it's apparently dead any other day...
<review# 925,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/2/2012,4/27/2012,63,106,4,14,8>I hate getting my hair cut and I love muse salon. I came with my wife and they gave her a glass of wine and treated her like a queen.  I chilled with the complimentary iPad in waiting area and had a beer. They have a sweet looking light fixture in the entrance way, which you will notice while waiting for your haircut/wife's haircut. I ended up getting my hair cut while waiting because I needed it and I was going to be here for a while. Either because they were feeding my wife chilled glasses of Chardonnay and the blue moon for me was free. They cut my hair, washed it, gave me a totally relaxing scalp massage ( I love those) then recut my hair and blow dried it to keep the hair off so I don't have hair cut fur.  I learned about my cowlick and how to manage it, they also suggested a shampoo that made my hair soft, not something I really care about as a guy and I felt weird learning about it but my wife loved the way it felt, so we bought it.  I have gotten my hair cut at Dominic Michael in Clayton and at knockouts, both have their benefits and costs. DM is awesome with an equally great scalp massage, and when you get the bill, the stick shock made me think, dude it's a hair cut. I went there after looking like a freak from a bad haircut from great clips. I tried knockouts at the recommendation of a friend, my wife thought I went for another reason... When my wife found muse, I was like, we live in wildwood and you want to go where for a haircut... Not my idea of a good time.  None the less I went, and was pleasantly surprised. I was expecting  a dominic Michael type bill! And got what I thought was rather reasonable instead. My hair cut cost less than the four drinks we enjoyed. My wife's was more and considerably less than Clayton for  a better experience. Great hair cut and no pomp and circumstance. This is a lot for a salon and my wife and I both loved it, never happened before so I thought I would share t his one. They also offer discounts if you become a regular and book in advance. If you love the place too, and come a few times, ask, saving money never hurt anybody.
<review# 926,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/17/2011,4/26/2012,82,85,2,7,7>This is my second visit to Salt, but the first time I've tried the brunch, and it was everything we were looking for and more! I love how special everything feels here. Like you just got invited into someone's beautiful home. As you walk through the different rooms they feel so bright and airy, but it still holds that feeling of old charm that you would expect in a historic building. My mom and sister were in town, so we decided to go somewhere for a leisurely lunch. We sat outside on the beautiful patio since the weather was unbelievable. (I also saw a couple with a dog out there, so extra stars for that :) First on the agenda for any lovely, lazy Saturday brunch- Mimosas! We shared plates so that we could all try a variety. First up was the biscuit and gravy, which was excellent. The biscuit was perfectly soft and fluffy, the gravy creamy and delicious. We also had the french toast. The bacon served with it was perfectly crispy, just the way I like it, but the bread, which was thick sliced french bread, just felt a tiny bit soggy. It was still good though. The cranberry scone was very tasty as well. My mom ordered poached eggs and she said they were awesome, but I didn't get the chance to taste since I was so involved with the other dishes The best part of it all was our server, Jeremy. What a doll! At one point, he actually pulled up a chair to tell us his "story," with which we were all completely captivated. He also took us on the tour, which is very interesting, even the second time around! I will be back, not only for the food, but for the service as well ;)
<review# 927,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/15/2012,4/24/2012,317,728,9,11,8>Crap in a handbag. This joint has been open two weeks (used to be a Ponderosa), and the transformation is incredible. Clean, open environment. Two pool tables (not regulation), 14 stools at the bar, 11 four-person high-tops, 18 four-person tables, 3 dart boards and 9 televisions.The bar is beautiful. It looks made from pieces of old homes . . . corner pieces (like from entryways), lots of aged wood and special hooks for purses!I started with the special soup of the day: bacon & potato. Holy criminy -- was this delicious. I think it took me 30 minutes to eat this creamy, delictable soup that had shredded carrots, lovely bacon and wonderfully cooked pieces of potato for $3.99 a bowl. I thought I ordered a cup, but got a bowl. Yum, yum!Nicole, my incredible server, offered a taste of the lamb stew, and she brought out a little bitty bowl full of wonderful treasures. It was meaty and lucious with a hearty broth, flavorful, rich and yummy!I was thinking of an entree, but decided to ask Nicole what the chef would recommend. Fish and chips! Yes, that was what I was thinking!!For $7.99 I got two huge pieces of cod deep fried in some crazy-ass batter of eggs, flour and other stuff. Thick, thick crunchy, crunchy, crunchy! Some woman diner actually came over to my table to ask about the fish and chips. I've never seen a fish batter like this before. It was amazing!! The tartar sauce was fabulous. I almost thought there were capers in it, but no. Nicole checked.The chips were homemade potato chips. Lovely crunchy tasty deliciousness. Salted well, but not too much!I was done. Nicole enticed me with dessert. So I got two orders of fried Oreos for my sons to-go. Each order was 6 beautifully tempura deep-fried Oreos. Very generous.Two women dining in front of me had a pretzel appetizer, huge yeasty delicious-looking snack with cheese dipping sauce. And they had potato skins, which looked lucious. They asked for more sour cream, and it happened quite quickly! They were also drinking something that looked like chocolate martinis. Yum!! Vicariously, of course.I had a lovely experience at Shamrock's. It was great people-watching, television (football) watching and ridiculously fabulous food!Hooray for Shamrocks and Nicole, my incredibly fabulous server!!
<review# 928,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/11/2012,4/23/2012,53,115,4,10,7>This place smells like cigarette smoke, is tiny, has a really tacky old school half naked chick wall clock in the "office" and sells $1.00 candy and chips in a bin. All a little weird, but not unexpected.Beware that John Stricker is not open after 5 on weekdays and is not open on weekends.Despite these things that one might be turned off by, this place is pretty legit for what it is.I went to John Stricker for an oil change and tire rotation and I am happy with the results. They did not over charge me and did not do any repairs that  I didn't ask for. They also suggested I change my battery, but said it wasn't do or die and that I could wait another year if I really wanted to. Most places would be pushing for me to pay them to do it ASAP and wouldn't return my keys if I didn't. I am a little upset they are not open on weekends, as I work weekdays during their hours, but because of their quality service I will gladly take time off of work to go back. Also, it has been a few weeks and I have not had any issues with my car, like many may have when they leave the repair shop. Overall, I am satisfied with this place.
<review# 929,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/18/2012,4/22/2012,142,89,2,9,6>Great coffee served by the owner, Scott, a true coffee geek. He talks about coffee like people talk about wine or, rarely, beer. Most beer connoisseurs aren't this detailed.Do NOT drop in here to just grab a cup of coffee. If there's anyone ahead of you, it'll take too long and you'll get annoyed.There NO food here right now. Just coffee. I think he tried pastries when he opened in Dec. of 2011, but as of Jan 2012, there's none. Just coffee.There's free wifi. Ask Scott for the password. He has it memorized. There's gotta be a mnemonic, but I can't figure it.Sump serves all sorts of hi-end roasts. They will do pour-overs (chemex), filter, espresso (including all sorts of espresso drinks like a red-eye, cappuccino or latte). Scott's cappuccino isn't dry at all. So always pick it over the latte. It'll give you more coffee taste.Also, they take CardCase. As long as my phone's in my pocket, I can walk in, my tab auto-opens, and they just tap my name on their iPad screen and add items to my tab. Totally awesome.
<review# 930,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/26/2013,9/12/2013,91,379,,6,4>Been here before and still very much like the place.  The food is decidedly Mexican, good quality and excellent consistent service.  There really isn't anything special about the food, it is good (had the special crab tacos with guacamole and chips) but they get the 4 stars for the service I received, decent overhead music and decor.  They also have an excellent drink called Bourbon Reforms which I will probably order every time I go so they get points for making being consistent on that also.   Eat here then walk down the street to Piccione for dessert.
<review# 931,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/27/2013,9/11/2013,24,184,3,6,5>This relatively new food truck on the STL scene serves up a delicious and generous cheese steak in traditional Angus beef or chicken.  For between $8-12, depending on your desire for a side, you'll be satisfactorily stuffed and ready for a nooner.According to Louie's chef Paul Listenberger, who you'll meet and chat with when you visit his truck, these are definitely NOT "Philly" cheese steaks, but "A Better Cheese Steak, Louie's Way."  Whatever that means, I'm a big fan.  You can get yours made to order with any number of extras added or go more traditional.  I chose the "Without" which means I didn't get the lettuce, tomato and mayo.  Instead I added the "Hots" which was a chopped cherry pepper relish.   Your choice of cheese (Provolone, American, Pepper Jack, Aged Cheddar or Baby Swiss)...I went traditional Provolone.  The flavor took me straight back to the east coast when I used to stumble around Philly or D.C. and nosh on all manner of late-night food truck fare.  I didn't order the side of fries because I didn't know I could have had a free coupon by visiting their facebook page, hint hint, but instead I got some very nicely done homemade chips.  Yum!I've never personally added bacon to my cheese steak, but if that's your thing, it's on the menu.  I'm going out on a limb and predicting that the "Bacon Chic Louie" is phenomenal.You can find them on facebook or at the website provided and when you do you'll see the locale of the day and the next two days out.  They're typically at City Park or Barnes area and I found them near Spruce and Tucker by the federal building.Link to menu:steaklouie.com/menu/stea…Enjoy!
<review# 932,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/25/2013,9/10/2013,438,182,6,7,7>We are avid Harley riders, so by default, I love this place.. Have been here numerous occasions, and always a fun time... I love the decor, the building, the people, the drinks, and lastly the food is awesome.... People always say watch the night time crowd, which granted I dont want to say theres NEVER been problems here, but I've seen everyone from doctors, business people to bikers in this bar.... why? bc its freaking awesome, and Jack is awesome too...Dont be fooled by the location, or the outside...the pizza here is awesome, and so are the appetizers..when they have bands in the back and are cooking outside its a great way to relax and spend the day watching the bikes. And ya know what!? They play country music..whaaaaaaa? Ya. I'm sold.Oh, and yes, they do have a stripper pole table. woah.
<review# 933,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/21/2013,9/9/2013,68,91,,7,4>Things to note.. parking lot gets nuts and the place gets a line.....if you can go early or late it's a great idea. Vivola's is so efficient at helping customers you never really have to wait very long though. I have tried a few different sandwiches and everything has been so awesome.. I love how they have a cooler full of meat and slice it as you order.. no pre-weighed slices of meat. The guys and girls that work there are HAPPY to work there. You never see attitude or poor customer service. If you are in the general area do youself a favor and have lunch there!
<review# 934,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/22/2013,9/8/2013,109,200,,10,3>I found out about this place a few years ago and I cannot believe it has taken me this long to write a review for it.This place has two shining stars on the menu.  The Italian Beef and the Gyro.  Other than Angelo's I do not know of a good Italian Beef sandwich in Saint Louis.  HOWEVER, the product you get from this establishment is equally as good as it's Chicago counterpart.  There are numerous places to get Gyros in Saint Louis however I think the Gyro you get from Angelo's is one of my favorites.There is a fairly large seating area here however most of the people seem to get the food to go.
<review# 935,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/22/2013,9/7/2013,100,105,,4,4>I'm jumpin' on the five star bandwagon for V Vegaz.  From start to finish this was the best experience I've ever had at a salon...EVER.The whole store is beautiful, comfortable and well laid out.  I was immediately greeted, told that it would be a quick wait and asked if I wanted a beverage.  In less than two minutes I had a cup of green tea in hand and was sitting down to consult with both Jaimie (cut) and Collete (color) on what I wanted.  They busted out a Kindle to look at some photos because I'm one of those folks that walk into a salon and have no freaking idea what to get done.  Based on the photos I liked, Jaimie meshed two cuts together that literally created the best cut I've ever had.  She was also kind enough to dissuade me from trying to get a cut that probably would have been too drastic.  Collete based the color on the cut and listened to what I had to say.  They were both wonderful and my color is perfect for the summer.  Folks, this isn't Great Clips.  You're gonna pay for what you get (it ain't cheap) and if you're like me you'll be quite happy to hand them your money once you see the results.
<review# 936,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/11/2013,9/6/2013,62,183,3,4,3>Wow amazing of all amazing experiences! I went into Lush today thinking "oh maybe a few more bath bombs." I had no idea what I was in for.One of the sales associates (didn't catch her name, had red hair) asked if I was looking for anything in particular. I mentioned that I had been having extra itchy/sensitive skin lately. Not only did she tell me about their Dream Cream lotion and smoothie (body wash) but she gave me a little demonstration - she lathered my hand/wrist that had some redness with the body smoothie in a basin of warm water. Then she dried me off and applied some of the lotion. I was so impressed! First, so soothing. Second, free sample of product. Third, free hand/arm massage.She also recommended a face wash to my boyfriend. She ALSO told us a little about the vegan effort LUSH makes (almost all of their products are vegan and of course not tested on animals). Literally one of the best, most pleasant shopping experiences I've ever had!
<review# 937,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/20/2013,9/5/2013,12,169,5,5,4>Why don't pancakes taste like this when I make them at home? Not even close! Yuuummm!I gotta say, Uncle Bill's has breakfast down to a science. I love ordering from their "Eggs And..." section of the menu because anything you get comes with hash browns and a side of pancakes (you can opt for toast, but why?). I get the eggs with bacon and you got quite a round meal for like $8.00.I can't recall them ever having an off day. No matter how you get your eggs they are always spot-on perfect. The pancakes are so good - they will transport you to your happy place. Give it a try. The waitresses will probably call you hon and your coffee cup will never go empty. Good ol' Uncle Bill never lets you down!
<review# 938,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/3/2013,9/4/2013,213,311,1,12,6>We stopped by Scarecrow to check out their happy hour specials and we indeed left happy customers. Until 6pm we enjoyed $2 drafts and $5.50 apps. Their happy hour also included $4 wells, $5 you call its, $4 house wines, and $6 pizzas. As for apps, we had the wings which were just ok and the bacon wrapped pickles, which were fried and delicious! We stayed for dinner and I had the ribeye. I chose the ribeye over the filet because of the mac n cheese that came with the ribeye. The mac n cheese ended up being plain and flavorless, but the ribeye with the horseradish butter over tomatoes was great! Others at the table enjoyed the tenderloin spaghetti and guiness beef pie. With as many items they offer on their app and dinner menus they seemed to do everything we ordered well! Overall the service great and I enjoyed the relaxed atmosphere. The bar and restauant area were separate and the bar area had plenty of TVs. I would not hesitate to return to Scarecrow when we are in the area.
<review# 939,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/27/2013,9/3/2013,133,63,5,8,5>WHAT????????????????  This place has a Yelp deal? Omg. Get on that shit kids, if ya know what's good for you. I won't use it because I'm already a regular and I know these deals are geared to new customers, so let me, a not new customer, tell you the tale of this glorious salon.I had been going to a certain salon for about 4 or 5 years. It was good, the folks were nice and always did a good job, but I never connected with anyone. It had this weird pretentious vibe to it and when I would call, they'd ask me which stylist I wanted and I'd just say "whoever's available" simply because I hadn't found ~the one~. About two years ago I decided that if i'm going to pay salon prices for a haircut/style/color, then maybe it's time to explore what else is out there. Medusa's had good reviews on Yelp (seriously, that's why I chose it, good job Yelp) BUT AT THE TIME DID NOT HAVE A YELP DEAL WTF!!!! So I give it a whirl.Picture this in your head: a salon.Now take that picture and throw it out of a tenth floor window because Medusa's is basically a place I want to live in forever. Go there once. I can't describe the decor. Just go. Kelly is The One. See, I was always hesitant to review this place because I'd be reviewing one person and I always feel weird doing that because It might not necessarily represent the business. But when the Business Owner is providing The Customer with their services directly, I'm pretty sure that warrants a review.She's awesome, honest, has great ideas, is friendly, approachable and is the only woman who can cut my hair and within 24 hours I'll get compliments from strangers on how rad my hair looks. My hair doesn't do anything but grow. Kelly does all of the magic and she has done absolute wonders on my hair. I don't know about the other folks there, but I don't think they'd be working with each other if they weren't completely amazing.Things to remember: pay with cash or checkShit ain't cheap, but why would you ever go to a salon and expect Great Clips prices? Also, you know exactly what you're supporting. You're handing the business owner your money so she can continue to run and grow her business with her people and that's one of the coolest feelings in the world. Just go here. Parking's on the street but there's always a spot nearby.  I feel so weird even writing this because if I were a new Yelper, it'd probably be filtered as spam for seeming almost too positive but shit you guys, when you find The One, you just go with it and never look back. If you haven't found The One (a hairstylist who is so good you won't let anyone else touch your hair), come here.
<review# 940,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/11/2010,11/8/2010,129,181,7,8,9>Although there are lots of stores that sell bath products, accessories, and pottery, I've never found one that sells all three together!  Maven has unique scents in their repertoire: "My Boyfriend's T-Shirt" was incredibly similar to the name.  When I lifted the bar of soap to my nose, I almost dropped it on the floor!  I was, like, "Daaang... how'd they bottle that perfect combination of cologne, musk, and cotton laundry?"  I just wanted to wrap myself up in it and snuggle... ok, that was probably too much information.I also loved their pie plates which are made by Ayers Pottery up in Hannibal.  Eating pie happens to be one of my favorite experiences, and doing it out of one of these cute and colorful dishes would make it even happier.Lastly, I found it refreshing that Maven is so well priced.  All of their items, including the accessories, are very much within my budget.
<review# 941,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/28/2010,11/7/2010,129,341,10,11,8>The beautiful wife and I zipped into Milagro at 5:30 for our first visit since their soft opening.  We had made a reservation via OpenTable (note: when using this service, do it though the restaurant's website -- it costs them less) thinking it might be post-Friday busy.  Walking in, it felt a little silly, because it was fairly empty.  But that quickly changed -- by the time we left, it was packed or nearly packed.Anyway, we were seated and chips and salsa came quickly, along with our drinks (Top Shelf Margaritas -- the good stuff.).  Yep, these are $10 a drink, _normally_, but if you plan ahead/speed down I-44 and get there between 4-6pm, you'll get them for 1/2 off.  Sweet.We started off with the mahi mahi cerviche and the queso fundido.  The cerviche was excellent - very acidic and tart, but not overwhelming the fish.  But the queso fundido, good lord.  This is not a pot of melted cheese with some chopped peppers in it.  It's truly a skillet of melted cheese wicked awesome delight.  And the chorizo in it?  It's made in-house.  And it's not just ground pork with paprika.  It has lots of nice spicy peppers.  Bacon, suck it.  I'm a member of Team Chorizo.To the entrees: the beautiful wife had the tacos al pastor -- porky and pineapplely deliciousness.  I'll let her update her review if she wishes, but it's a tasty dish.But, the winner is easily was my barbacoa de cordero.  Yep, it's lamb.  And in the Lambtheon of great lamb dishes, this tops them all.  Do you remember Jerry Tarkanian the basketball coach?  Remember how he'd chew on towels during games?  OK, this isn't a great analogy, but when you bite into this lamb, sweet Tonacatecuhtli, you get this rush of lamb juicy wonderful crazy great.  Truly, I didn't want to swallow my bites, I just wanted to keep on squeezing the morsels  of lamb between my molars.  Re-reading this, it's kind of gross.  Just trust me, it's great.Technically, I'm giving them 4.99999999999999999999 stars.  Why?  Because they're 15-20 minutes away from Downtown.  But I'll round up.
<review# 942,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/9/2010,11/6/2010,18,55,5,9,6>So Steph S and I have had Cheeseology on our hit list for some time now. Every time we passed that sharp, hip sign that adorns their awning we were reminded of the potentially awesome eating experience that we could be having. Last Saturday we had finally had enough and made it a point to get to the Loop and visit this, the Holy Grail of Mac & Cheese. So color me surprised when we entered the little hole in the wall venue that looked like a dingy office building. The walls were a barren, off white. The splashes of color the walls *did* randomly feature were neon yellow and orange. The metal seating was painted a 'mall food court' silver. And the florescent lights above the exposed prep area were by far brighter than the surrounding lights, giving it an off balanced feel. As I first entered I started to change my mind. I did NOT want to eat here after all. I don't really know how to explain, but the general atmosphere of the place was unnerving. It was bleak, barren and uninviting.I usually don't mention (or notice!) decor, but that may have been because this place was in serious need of some. Everything seemed dirty, even though the servers and bussers seemed to be doing a good job of keeping the place spotless. Forcing myself past the unsettling feeling of claustrophobia, we took our time with the menu. Counter-intuitive, I know, since this place was billed as a mac & cheese restaurant, how much variety can they offer?Turns out a lot. There's about a dozen and a half different varieties of mac & cheese. They come in small and large sizes. I thought the small was a decent portion as is, so I can't imagine finishing a large portion (I estimate it to be nearly triple the size of the small!) in one sitting.Steph and I had the Shrimp Scampi and Bacon, Bacon Mac & Cheese, without bread crumbs. And holy crap, I'd be lying if I said that I'd had better mac & cheese anywhere else, ever. I know it seems hard to believe that mac & cheese can be taken to a level where you're delightfully surprised and impressed. After all, it's got a few things going against it;1. everyone already likes mac & cheese2. it's a cultural staple3. it's been done to death by kraft and velveeta4. it's a side dish! not a main event!But prepare to change your religion! This was mac & cheese on steroids, taken to the n'th power, done to perfection! Everything mac & cheese is supposed to be, this was! It was cheesy, creamy, it was hot. The pasta was tender, the bacon and shrimp were excellently prepared. And the seasoning was excellent! This wasn't just a bowl of noodles and cheese, there were subtle flavor profiles lurking underneath each bite. There was a very light garlic undertone to the Shrimp Scampi mac & cheese and the Bacon, Bacon had a salt and pepper flair to it. Both dishes were so superb we ordered two other orders to go; the Buffalo Chicken and the Black and Bleu flavors. My hat is off to Cheeseology after tasting the Buffalo Chicken dish. Spicy Buffalo sauce is not a flavor that you'd think goes with mac & cheese but they pull it off nicely. And despite the fact that with every bite of the Black and Bleu mac & cheese I thought "hamburger-helper" I was actually tasting "Prime choice USDA Steak-helper." While I don't approve of the feng shui of the place, they definitely know the art of mac & cheese. Honestly, I'm not sure why I find the atmosphere so offensive. I've eaten in a lot of dives. A lot of my favorite places to eat *ARE* dives as a matter of fact. But regardless of the source of my strange phobia, I will definitely return to Cheeseology to study more samples of this exceptional, cheesy substance.
<review# 943,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/16/2010,11/5/2010,60,293,8,8,6>Since I had read and heard so many great things about this place, I decided I would take Stephanie B here for her birthday. I will readily admit I went in with high expectations here and Niche fully delivered. Guys, if you want to impress your date, take them to Niche. It will almost guarantee you an intentional walk to first base after wards, you might even be allowed to steal second base, it is that good. The atmosphere is perfect for a romantic date. Make sure you bring a pen with you so, you and your date can write cute little notes to each other on the butcher paper type table cloth.  Take my advice on this, you can thank me later.We started off with the cheese plate, which was amazing. The white cheddar was so full of flavor and the goat cheese was just down right good. We both went with the three course dinner for $35 and while I won't steal any of Stephanie's thunder, her pork courses were very, very tasty. I went with the fresh tomato salad and was not disappointed at all. It had a mix of orange, yellow and purple cherry tomatoes and a couple slices of Roma tomatoes with home made feta cheese. After our first course they brought out a small scoop of tomato basil sorbet to cleanse the pallet. When they first told me what it was I was a bit hesitant, but OMG, it worked and was awesome. The subtle hint of tomato and then the basil kicked in to really bring it home.  Whoever thought to make a caprese into a palette cleansing sorbet is pure genius. For my main course I went with the flatiron steak cooked medium rare. It came out cooked to perfection and was full of flavor. While the steak was great, what really WOWed me about this dish was the sweet corn puree that accompanied the steak. I think Stephanie got tired of hearing me gush at how good it was. On to the grand finale of the night, dessert. I have two words for you here, Liquid Chocolate. If you like chocolate, you absolutely have to get this. It comes with a scoop of espresso ice cream which I could have done without, but then again I am not a coffee fan. The Liquid Chocolate is a very moist small cake that is filled with a rich, creamy, liquid chocolate filling that is a chocolate lovers dream come true. I think at this point it is safe to say I had an epic "mouthgasm" and was spent. I walked into Niche last night with sky high expectations and I will say without a doubt knocked it out of the park.  I will not soon forget this experience, and will look forward to the next special occasion that might bring me here.
<review# 944,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/25/2010,11/4/2010,53,156,,6,5>This place is nothing short of solid.  The owner is a fun guy; likes to joke around with the customers.  The food is great.  It reminds me of Saleem's on the loop (which is now closed as you might already know).  Only they have coffee!  I had a turtle latte.  Not like the shelled creature, but like the candy.  Anyway, good food and fun atmosphere.  A win all around.
<review# 945,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/18/2010,11/3/2010,133,63,7,8,5>I ate here for the first time today.I can't really lie. If you sell gooey buttercake, I will love you. Urban Eats sells gooey buttercake.I love Urban Eats. It's a pretty simple equation.There are more reasons to like Urban Eats other than that though! They have a salad there that is so good, I think I may have actually drooled into it. It's a summer salad, with candied walnuts, cranberries, goat cheese and this delicious sweet vinaigrette. They have a menu that while small, caters to whatever you're in the mood for. They have COCKTAILS!! Huge plus.They have cozy seating with couches, and intimate small tables. The employees are pretty knowledgeable. Also, great location.The only con I can think of is that there is no soda fountain. Maybe I've been raised as a greedy American who loves refills, but if I eat something salty, 12 ounces of soda might not do it for me. Even if the refill isn't free, sometimes a girl needs to refill her cup! Urban Eats, please get a fountain, please please please?I think this is the perfect place to go for the following situations:1. Coffee first date. Don't do dinner and a movie if it's a first date. Go to a place like Urban Eats and split a Quesadilla, and have a coffee or a cocktail. If the date's awful, at least you had a yummy nosh and you didn't waste your entire evening.2. Catching up with an old friend over lunch. 3. Finding out your upstairs neighbor has a drumset and the only way you know how to cope is with sugar. Urban Eats can give you a sugar fix that will make you not hate your neighbor for at least three hours.
<review# 946,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/20/2010,11/2/2010,29,78,11,5,8>I arrived at Just John last Monday with a gay couple from out of town.  That night, they happened to have homo bingo - easily the best thing any bar that I have ever visited offers.  Homo bingo involves a beautiful cross-dresser calling numbers and when you win you can chose from glassware or a wide array of erotica, gay porn, and other naughty literature.  Best of all, it's free.I didn't feel out of place at all; granted the majority of people there were gay men, but there were a few girls hanging out and there were probably a couple straight guys in the mix.  I thoroughly enjoyed the bartender affixing a Just John temporary tattoo to another guy's chest with his mouth.  The drinks weren't the cheapest ($5 for a ShockTop.. really?) but you get to play free bingo so it's kind of a give-take situation.  It seems like they have pretty good drink specials on other nights.I definitely will be back to Just John.. even if it's just to watch the reaction when O-69 comes up in bingo.
<review# 947,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/6/2010,11/1/2010,238,242,,11,7>Ok, so I LOVE Indian food...It's my favorite! I've been to Rasoi twice now and I'm ready to review. Indian cuisine is one of the few that I can say I'm somewhat an expert in (At least Norther Indian cuisine).  I know it from traveling there and also living in London where Indian food is more common than fish and chips. I should start out by saying Rasoi features North Indian food, featuring many Punjabi dishes.  So for those of you saying you were disappointed because it wasn't spicy (hot) enough....well its not supposed to be!  Not all Indian food is spicy hot.  The basic rule I've always hear is that the farther south in India, the spicier the food.  The most impressive thing for me was that I've requested two things that weren't on the menu and they were easily able to accommodate.  On my first visit, I immediately looked for Peshawari Nann on the menu and of course it wasn't there.  It never seems to be on the menu of many Indian restaurants in America for some reason.  I was pleasantly surprised when I asked for it and they said no problem!  Peshawari nann is your standard flatbread with nuts and raisins mixed in.  Rasoi's version was decent, but they get points for making it for me.  On my second visit, I noticed that they didn't have saga aloo (curried spinach and potatoes) and again they had no problem accommodating.Of course I ordered a samosa for a starter.  I love samosas...or sambosas or what ever you want to call it.  Samosas are popular around the world in various forms, but basically consist of a fried pastry stuffed with anything from spicy veggies to meats.  I had the veggie one at Rasoi which was stuffed with spiced potatoes, onions, peas and other good stuff.  It was a good average to above average samosa, fresh and crisp.  It came with 3 sauces, a sweet onion tomato, BBQ-ish sauce, and the best one being the mint cilantro.  My friends and I shared various dishes on our visits.  The prawn angarey dish wasn't bad (about 8 medium sized shrimp).  The shrimps are marinated in yogurt, red chilies and cilantro, then grilled.  It was good, but maybe just a tad bit overcooked.  Meth malai mutter is spinach, peas and fenugreek leaves cooked in a creamy sauce and it was nice.  The chana masala (chickpeas & sauce) and the chicken tikka masala are both nice.  Note that chicken tike masala is the national dish of the UK...not fish and chips...I think thats so funny! Another dish that we really enjoyed was the chicken vindaloo.  It's not considered punjabi but it was the best vindaloo I've ever had.  Usually vindaloos are so spicy hot that they make you sweat, however this was a milder version which allowed the delicious non-hot spices to stand out.  The paratha aloo wasn't bad either.  Paratha is another type of indian flat bread that is usually stuffed with something like potatoes (aloo).  It is greasy...but thats how they always are.  I almost felt like I was in Amritsar again.  I prefer using the breads like naan and paratha to scoop up the delicious sauces.  The drink menu seems to be quite creative with some unique drinks. I can't seem to order anything other than a Kingfisher beer though.  It's a stander below average beer from India, but I guess I have this emotional connection with it.  The atmosphere is nice and I especially liked the indian pop music that was playing and the Indian music videos on TV.  I felt like I was in Delhi again with the music videos playing.  You might want to make reservations on the weekend.  It was easy to get in on my weeknight visit, but on my Friday night visit, there was a long wait.  We opted to sit at the bar and eat there which was just fine since there were only two of us.  We were told that Rasoi is developing a late night menu featuring some Indian-fusion dishes from a new chef.  I got a sneak peek at the menu and cant wait to try it! Overall, I'd recommend Rasoi, the food was on par with most Indian restaurants I've been to in London, and maybe even some of ones in India.
<review# 948,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/10/2010,10/30/2010,59,303,1,6,6>Martial Arts are a journey, and while it didn't start for me at STLTC, my journey was certainly accelerated there.Some people have their country clubs. Others their bowling leagues.I have my MMA gym.And I've learned a lot there.I used to think that you had to cram in loads of technique and learn from masters in the arts. You HAD to be formal, since you HAD to learn a technique taught centuries ago by some guy you don't know.Fighting, the martial arts, etc aren't like that at all. It's about positioning, experience and aliveness. And that's what I've gotten out of this place. Some MMA "gyms" in the area are glorified cardio kickboxing studios. Others leave their normal students to pay the bills and act as training dummies for their competition team. It's kind of sad, really.We train fundamentals, and apply it in a live, sparring setting. No rows of punching bags. No bowing to the instructor. None of the time-consuming, non-combative BS that has plagued martial art instruction for centuries. It's a group of guys and gals, training boxing, muay thai, wrestling, and brazilian jiu jitsu in a live, friendly, yet competitive way, with the training partner's safety in mind.I'm definitely not into going to a gym, lifting a few weights, running on a treadmill, and going home. I need SOMETHING; a competitive edge perhaps? I get it at STLTC. I used to weigh 220. I now weigh 175-185 (depending on if I'm training for competition or not). While no ripped machine, I've found that I'm healthier than I've ever been in my life. As well as at peace with the world around me. I love the way we spar and wrestle, and have been validated at clubs/schools around the country during my out-of-town excursions.No bravado. No egos (on the mat :P). Just fun, friendly fighting.
<review# 949,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/19/2010,10/29/2010,110,87,,8,6>It amazes me how little amount of people know about this place.  I'm guessing the people in the neighborhood and those looking for Hispanic/Latin cooking ingredients and/or food but that's about it.  I'm here to help change that.  This place is worth your special trip, especially if it's a nice day so you can sit on the little shaded patio.  Gorgeous.I love the empanadas... go with the chorizo and potato.  The Cuban as noted with everyone else is damn good.  And for my final food recommendation... torta carnitas.  In the market section, go with me and try something new.  Coconut soda.  It's different, a bit expensive at $7.50 for a 6-pack, but you can say you did it.The market area has been shrunk in the past year or so.  The selection has gotten smaller and they have put more indoor tables for the little deli.
<review# 950,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/24/2011,12/30/2011,22,86,12,18,14>In a word - fantastic.  The service, the atmosphere, the food, and especially the drinks were all fantastic.  The menu pushes the limits of what you're used to, but keeps its base in things that are not only familiar, but delicious.  We enjoyed the three or four dishes, but the grass-fed burger sticks out in my mind.  It was by far the most interesting burger I've ever eaten.  Not in the "five-guys" sense of the word burger, but more in the gourmet "how many different awesome flavors are all hitting my mouth at once" sense.The drinks were excellent, so excellent in fact we enjoyed quite a few... I won't get into details because everything we drank was so well done that I'm sure anything you pick with a base of your liking will be great.Let's end with the elephant in the room: the membership fee.  I love it.  I'm not a customer, I'm a member.  The staff makes an effort to get to know its members, and there is a distinct difference.  It makes a difference in the atmosphere, and for the time being, I'm a big supporter of the idea.Try it out, because it's unique, and it delivers on quality in every area.
<review# 951,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/23/2011,12/29/2011,108,92,2,7,3>Bottom Line:  Fresh, quality, locally sourced food for a reasonable price.Overview:When I walked into this place, the decor was definitely from another era.  I really like the vintage signs and pictures.  Seeing the old Route 66 drive-in located in Crestwood, MO was great to see.Food:Let's get down to business...here is what I had:JBDoubleDogDareYa:Two loaded chili dogs with shredded cheese and diced white onion.  The dog is 100% Angus beef.  The bun is from Fazio's.  This thing is a filler and then some!  Great tasting chili on a quality hot dog.  Simple as that.Soup - Garden Vegetable with Cous Cous:Enjoyed the soup.  I like the idea of a cous cous soup and this had good flavor.  Would be great when paired with a sandwich or on its own.Soda - Vess Cream:Vess Cream soda.  I had not had this in about ten years.  Great to have it again.Summary:Amongst all the other food joints in the area, I think this will probably be get the best bang for your buck AND you get a quality meal.  You can't say that too often these days.
<review# 952,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/16/2011,12/28/2011,172,294,,9,6>I was born in Chongqing. At the time of my birth, it was part of the Sichuan (Szechuan is the older spelling of it) province. Thus, when I heard (from yelp) the food here was authentic, I suggested to some friend that we drive out to brentwood to check out this place instead of going to Wong's Wok (which I love, btw) on the Loop. My friend told me this place was SMALL. She even said there was only one table that could, at best, fit 5 people. I didn't realize HOW SMALL. This place is a shed (or maybe more appropriately, a shack) in the middle of a parking lot. It takes up about the same amount of space as 2-3 parking spaces. There is only one room, no counter, and the table my friend told me about is the same table that the little old lady writes down orders on (when I was there, she made me do the writing because she was excited that I'm Chinese). My friends and I saw the place, and I walked around it, looking for a way in. Apparently, it used to be  a drive thru coffee bar. There is one door in the back. Just twist the handle and walk in. Once inside, I saw a little (old, she's 56 or something) lady (she was TINY) and her (grand?)daughter. They scrambled to set out plastic stools so we could gather around the table. Then, they handed us the menu. Everything (that I can remember) was under 7 dollars. We ordered 6 items (pi dan with seared jalapenos, shredded chicken, dan dan noodles, spicy noodles (soupy ones), wonton soup (spicy variety), and spicy beef noodles), devoured them, and then ordered 3 orders of the dan dan noodles. The food was authentic. The perfect blend of capsaicin and numbing peppercorn shocked my tongue into blissful homesickness. I give this place 4 stars only because we watched her cook our food and it made the wait feel that much slower. Also, the portions are not too big (about a 1.5 cups each) so we ended up ordering more food than we expected to fill our tummies. Lastly, the space was cramped which made sharing harder than I expected. All in all, this is a GREAT place to get take-out. Dine-in is an experience that you SHOULD try, but probably only once or twice.
<review# 953,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/27/2011,12/27/2011,180,273,1,5,5>I really appreciate restaurants where the owner is there clearing plates off of tables and introducing himself! The atmosphere was done well and the pizza ideas were creative. I had the "big easy" topped with shrimp, sausage, jalepeno, bell peppers and a garlic sauce. It was excellent and spicy. Pizzas are made individual size.A few things I would change about this restaurant:1. Offer Large size pizzas so people can share2. Lower the prices! Around $16-14 for an individual size pizza is too much.I recommend going during happy hour (4:30-6:30pm M-F) when pizzas are 1/2 price!!!
<review# 954,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/7/2011,12/26/2011,151,293,4,4,3>How has nobody reviewed Aldo yet?! Small, but pretty great selection of shoes - tons of boots right now, including my brand spankin new boots that even fit my fat (ahem, athletic) calves. If you're a woman who happens to not be a size, oh I don't know, zero? You know how hard it is to find boots that fit your calves (shopping for boots was giving me a  complex, let me tell you). I walked in here, asked if they had any "wide" boots, and within 20 minutes, I walked out of there for an order of fabulous boots, to be shipped to my house for free, because they didn't have my size. The girls working here were awesome, and brought me out a bunch of boots to try on, assuring me a lot of ladies have the same issue. Their shoes may be slightly pricier than what some people like to spend, but they look good quality, and all the boots I tried on were made of real leather (not the fake crap that seems to be everywhere for the same price - wtf?!). Lesson learned - if you're often up in the gym workin on your fitness, and you're finding it quite hard to fit those shapely calves into a cute pair of boots, check out Aldo.
<review# 955,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/8/2011,12/25/2011,54,81,2,8,4>Hear ye, hear ye!I felt like a queen during my recent trip to Three Kings (yuk, yuk, yuk). I'm sure being the ONLY table in the joint helped, but the service was superb. Food: Blue cheese burger fit for a king (ha!) and a side of grilled asparagus. Not too soft, not too raw, that's tough for asparagus!My roomie had the veggie burger and just about spit it on the floor, she hated it so much. Ah well. My food was delicious.Ambience: Relaxed, clean, inviting. Return visit? You bet! Next time I'll take part in their libations. Maybe I'll drink it from a goblet, who knows?
<review# 956,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/12/2011,12/24/2011,72,27,2,9,7>This is a no brainer, and i know there are other services that are a little similar, trust me, i've tried 'em all..  I could write forever about Chad and STLDD!  I'm using them again downtown to pick me up from Tigin this Saturday after a long day :-)Obviously, I proudly recommending Chad and his team! We planned our entire night around Microfest in Forest Park and we all wanted to enjoy it.. We looked at everything from a taxi to a town car service and STLDD had 'em all beat. Just something about being able to make a plan, arrive to the destination with out people looking at you strange because you got out of a cab and knowing that you can enjoy yourself.I got a text message knowing they were there, right on time i'd like to add which was great because i was about beer'd out by that point. They don't use scooters, so i didn't have to move my golf clubs out of the trunk, and the whole experience was cheaper than it would have been for my cab fair to go pick up my car again.If you're smart you'll use STLDD and Chads team. Wonderful service, easy to book, and no risk of DUI's!! Thanks guys!
<review# 957,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/11/2011,12/23/2011,35,68,2,4,5>Took Allison B.'s advice and checked out The Firebird at the Undercover Weekend event last friday and had a blast! A good mix of tribute bands ranging from Marvin Gaye to Cake to AC/DC. It was very cool to get a little taste of several different genres all in one night, especially from some local bands. Kind of reminded me of listening to my iPod, except louder and better. =)Got there about 9:20 when the Cake tribute band was scheduled to start, and instead got Stevie Wonder. No big deal though, my friend and I just sat on one of the 10 or so large leather highback chair/booth things they have near the bar area enjoying some $2.50 PBR. Nomally I wouldn't go with PBR but when they're $4.50 for a tall boy vs $4 for a 12 oz AB product, it's tough to say no. So after a couple suspect-tasting beers and a game of Galaga (I swear I'll never get past level 8 in that game), the Cake tribute band came on stage and rocked it. Two thumbs up. =) Marvin Gaye was on next and got off to kind of a slow start, but he eventually won me over with the hits. AC/DC was the nightcap, and just before they came on I heard disconcerted mumblings all around me about their potential cool-ness. I think they kicked ass! The little man with the mic was going to town...I thought he might just scream his vocal chords right out of his mouth. I swear that at one point during "For Those About To Rock" it looked like every single blood vessel in his arms and neck were at critical mass.So yeah, good call Allison. =D And I'll be back...if only to get to level 9.
<review# 958,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/16/2011,12/22/2011,108,34,35,20,14>Ah, the infamous taqueria that doesn't even have a front door. You have to enter through a side door of the adjacent liquor store. It isn't even a restaurant space per se, it's like the separate room where La Tejana would keep its classy alcohol, if it sold any classy alcohol.La Tejana is so authentic it doesn't even have a menu. I went in there, and the lady (in sweatpants, natch) asked me what I wanted. I replied that as far as food is concerned, I'd have to take a look at the menu. She said they didn't have a menu - and the way she said it was as if some restaurants don't have menus, and this just happens to be one of those restaurants. Meanwhile, I'm pretty sure this is the only restaurant that doesn't have a menu. I'm 30 years old, and I've never been to another restaurant that doesn't have a menu. Even the lowliest of suspect, organ meat-serving taquerias at least have that Office Depot whiteboard.The lady said they had tacos (shocker), burritos, some other shit along those lines, or these dishes they had set out on a table, covered with saran wrap (there was a bit of a fly problem), like that one funnel cake they set out at a carnival to show you what a funnel cake looks like. There were these two young Mexican guys there getting their grub on, and one of them may have been the only person there who spoke a lick of English (he was shockingly proficient, actually). He pointed to this plate the other guy had and said it was very good, and I should try it. It did seem kinda weird to me that he was recommending it, and he wasn't eating it himself. But at that point it kinda felt like a challenge to me, like he was suggesting that I was too much of a gringo to eat something so bizarre-looking, or that I didn't have the $12 it cost in my pack. I had $20, for the record.It was that weird fish dish you see on the menu at Mexican restaurants that looks like someone took a rather large but not particularly nice-looking fish, force-fed it a steady diet of kitchen garbage, foie gras-stylee, then shoved an M-80 up its ass, so that the kitchen garbage exploded out and onto the side of it. Essentially, it was a whole fish, of some undetermined, bottom-feeding variety, deep fried whole and stuffed with some ultra-spicy onion and green pepper concoction, served with the requisite not enough tortillas wrapped in foil paper + rice and beans. The rice was nothing to write home about. I felt like I could have made something better from a kit I've seen in the Mexican food aisle of Schnucks at Page and the Interbelt. I did appreciate the bit of "queso fresco" atop of the refried beans, which otherwise tasted like all of the other refried beans you've ever tasted, i.e. delicious.But never mind the side dishes. The bulk of that $12 (which I'll admit is not easy for me to come by) went towards the fish. So, how was it? It was fucking delicious. After all, it was deep fried. There's no such thing as bad food that's deep fried. And you know how black people are about their/our fried fish. Biting into my Pescado, or whatever it was called, it occurred to me that the actual fish part of it wasn't altogether different from the fried fish you get in a happy box with the requisite white bread and a few slices of raw onion down in the, erm, less fortunate part of town. The difference here being that Mexicans, gully as they are, don't bother pulling the scales off, or the bones out, or anything like that. If it was cleaned at all, that probably took place at the grocery. Honestly, my concern was more with how difficult it was to eat. It tasted great, but it took a lot of work to pull out all of the tiny bones and various bits of fish anatomy (including - no bullshit - its eyballs).Finally, and most importantly, I tried to order a beer with my meal, even though it was mad early (hey, it was a Saturday!), but I was informed that the beer was to-go only. I didn't get why I couldn't just buy it and enjoy it with my piranha tacos, if that's what I wanted to do with my beer. I guess they've had some problems with 5-0 trying to bust them for trying to serve alcohol when technically they're not supposed to. They may have thought I was 5-0. If one of their cousins came in their and ordered a beer, it probably wouldn't be an issue. Before I left, I took a look at their cooler to see if they had any 40s (which you don't see as often in the county), and wouldn't you know they did. I copped a 40 of Bud Light and seriously considered drinking it in the car on the way home, like the brothers used to do back in the day, but then I totally pussed. But then I saw a cop car perched on that grassy knoll approaching the Page Ave interchange, looking to eff someone in the a, and I felt at least semi-justified in my decision.
<review# 959,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/23/2011,12/21/2011,101,271,,7,5>Never even heard of this place before, but we had just had the best massages at Pure Harmony and wanted something tasty. I found Cheeburger Cheeburger on yelp and totally thought it said Cheeseburger, once we went in and sat down I keep thinking "they misspelled the name." Name aside this place is really cool. Our waitress was super cool and explained the whole ordering process to us. I got one of the smaller burgers and my wife got a Chicken tender sandwich with onion rings on it. We also got a fry and onion ring order to share, it was massive and we didn't even eat the whole thing. The burger was juicy and done just right. I had to almost unhinge my jaw to get the darn thing in my mouth, but it was my fault for taking advantage of the free toppings. I loved that you got your drink in a mason jar it brought back some fond memories. Everything was really really good and I think the service was excellent. I really liked the ambiance, it was like an old dinner and the menu was really well laid out for as many things as it had on it. I will definitely be back in the future.
<review# 960,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/11/2012,8/23/2012,140,254,5,9,8>I'm supposed to be working on a copywriting project, but I'm writing this review for Wired, instead. Am I slacker or just in love with this place?Pretty much the second one. Since leaving my full-time job in April, I've become a coffeeshop nomad as I work on freelance stuff. Generally, I keep within the city limits, but because Wired is literally a stone's throw from The Boy's office (if you have a Jim Edmonds-like cannon), I've been coming here quite often. At first, I bought only hot chocolates and would leave after an hour. Now, though, I'm a menu connoisseur. Well, sort of. I never remember the names of what I eat. But I can describe them!I love the soup/salad deal for about $6. My favorite salad has lettuce, apples, dried apricots, onions, cheese and a vinaigrette dressing (served on the side without my asking!). The best soup is a brie-mushroom concoction. This sucker is so creamy, and if I eat it first, I usually have to take my salad home because I'm too full to finish the entire meal. It all comes with three round crackers with those little black dots on them.Wired's smoothies also are pretty tasty. There's one with a bazillion berries (Ok, maybe just strawberries, blueberries and something else), one with just strawberries (heavenly) and one with strawberries and banana, among others. They're pretty filling for $4 and some change, and they won't add crazy bulk-up powder unless you ask them to. Speaking of smoothies, I was enjoying a strawberry one just a few minutes ago, and the nice counter girl walked over to say, "I made too much of this other smoothie. Would you like it?" Seriously, it was a whole second cup of smoothie, this time with blueberries, bananas and almond milk. A whole smoothie. For free. FOR FREE. And she was just being nice! SOLD!So now that I'm eating and drinking more, I'm also working longer. I've hung out here for three hours at a time, and the crew has never looked at me askance. There's free wifi (speedy!) and plenty of tables and comfy chairs. I usually end up buying a cookie or something every hour, but on the rare occasions that I haven't, they've never shot telepathic death rays at me (that I know of). That's all I ask for in a great coffeeshop - no telepathic death rays. And sometimes tasty food and drink.
<review# 961,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/22/2012,8/22/2012,103,317,6,8,8>So after living in St. Louis for four years, I finally make it to the Earth Day Festival which is always on the MUNY grounds in Forest Park. And it was totally worth it. The St. Louis Earth Day Festival is definitely comprehensive. Do you want to recycle stuff? Yep, you can do that at the community college - Forest Park campus and then take the trolley over to help the environment. Do you want to learn how to green your house or source local materials or make your garden more native-friendly? Yep, you can do all of that. Do you want to act like a five year old? Yep, you can color and plant stuff like your children are clambering to do --- I know firsthand, they'll LET you. Do you want to start collecting reusable bags like you used to collect baseball cards? Yep, in all different colors (hint: apparently the MUNY and YELP bags are the new Hank Aaron and Nolan Ryan). Yoga? Check. CSAs? Check. Electric cars? Check. Fold-it-yourself Metrolink piggy banks? Check. Short films, performances, and lots of different food? Check, check, check.Even the website is super comprehensive. The only thing that the website doesn't have is a scanned pdf of the festival map, which would have been a big help. It did have a scanned pdf/link to Google Maps regarding parking and closed roads (which was pretty awesome). But sometimes, you like to look at the festival map to see where you'd want to start beforehand. Regardless, I had expected through all the news and media that parking was going to be a huge hassle, but honestly, it really wasn't. By the time I got there, a few hours into the event, there were still open spots on the upper deck of the MUNY parking lot. Either there was a lot of parking to go around or people are hard-core! They probably windsailed it over to MUNY...when I can barely make it up the hill from the front entrance to the upper deck. And all the media outlets had said to skip the Hampton exit because of the zoo traffic...well, that traffic was pretty nonexistent too. Who knows? Whatever it is...keep on doing it, people. I unfortunately will have to be killing the environment, one smog particle at a time.I then met up with the extremely hilarious Mandie M., and we got our socks knocked off for the rest of the afternoon. There was so much to do and so much to see! She did some networking and coloring; I did some planting and scheming. Before we knew it, we had seen all of the booths. It was a bit confusing because the festival map alludes to a much bigger area than it really is...plus some of the attractions aren't labelled well. The volunteers knew their stuff though...major props to them. We then decided to take in some of the performances. There was a youth dance troupe, which was extremely enthusiastic, and a youth string orchestra, which played complicated pieces for their ages. Then...the highlight came in the form of the Shakespeare Festival St. Louis Education Tour, which gave us a synopsis of Othello, which is being performed this summer. It was supposed to last 30 minutes, but it actually was an hour...and it pretty much was the entire story...beautifully acted. The best part was that we had front row seats to this amazing performance. I can't wait until next year...now that I know what it's like, I definitely want to go back! There's something for everyone...diversity with an environmental theme!
<review# 962,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/24/2012,8/21/2012,207,169,12,12,11>PEANUT BUTTER BALLS. i'm coming back next time to just get a plate of peanut butter balls. At two for a dollar, I'll be sure to happily constipate myself in no time.seriously.peanut butter balls.ps. please open one of these in the city!!!pps. i have to get one of those sweat guttersppss. all the sammiches looked so good I wanted to eat them all!pssss. i earned my vegetarian yelp badge after checking in here. thanks!pssst. more peanut butter balls!!!
<review# 963,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/13/2012,8/20/2012,413,665,59,36,23>TRACEY'S GUIDE TO FOOD TRUCK FRIDAYPrepare.Don't just show up thinking you got this. Don't just saunter in thinking you're just gonna grab a quick bite. FTF isn't just some casual afterthought. FTF isn't just some drivethru that you can attend all willy nilly. I mean seriously. Have some respect. You either have it or you don't, I can't teach you how to be awesome at eating at food trucks, but here are some starters:1. Elastic waistband. I know it's gonna be hard to part with your skinny jeans on a Friday night, but commit to the moment. You're going to look way more awesome being the dude in sweatpants actually eating than the dude in skinny jeans who eats half a taco, pats his muffin top, and says, "I'm stuffed!".2. Hydrate. Like, days in advance. Don't fill your stomach with water right before this event. That would be like guzzling a couple gallons right before you get in the sack. That would be stupid. 3. Ones. Lots of them. 4. Eat breakfast. And lunch. You gotta stretch that shit out. You don't wanna come here too hungry and then get full after eating half a cupcake. Seriously. That's so amateur. You gotta Kobayashi your stomach out a little. Big breakfast, mid-morning snack, light lunch.5. Drop a deuce before FTF to make a little room. A small cup of warm water and some laps around your office will help anything in your stomach settle. 6. It's fine if you wanna casually browse online to make a mental note of which trucks you want to hit, but if you're looking up menus and already deciding what you are going to eat, just go eat at Niche, you rookie. 7. If you are a vegetarian, stop.Choose your date carefully.I suggest going to FTF alone. A companion will only slow you down and detract from the experience. If you MUST bring someone, be picky. Don't come here with someone you are sleeping with or trying to sleep with. Your loyalty needs to be to the event first, and you don't need your allegiance competing with your hormones. I can't tell you how to pick a companion for FTF, but I can tell you some signs that you are picking the WRONG person:1. You know those VISA commercials where the chick stops to pay with a check and everything turns into slow motion because it takes her so long to pay? Don't bring her.2. "Oh they have pizza! Except I had pizza for lunch yesterday. I can't eat pizza twice in one week!" Don't go with her.3. "Food from a... truck?" Don't go with her.4. You: "What do you feel like?"  Her: "Hmmm. I don't know. What do you feel like?" Don't go with her.5. If you've never seen her eat standing up or double fist booze, don't go with her. I don't care if she seems like the kind of chick who would be cool with eating standing up. Unless you have actual proof that she is willing to do this, don't. Do you really want to take that chance? Lawn chairs are for wussies. And your grandparents. And the girls you aren't going to bring to this event. Once you get there.This is the moment you've been waiting for. Don't fuck it up.1. Park strategically. Remember, you have to get back to your car. What might seem like a short walk on the way in will be like the War and Peace of walks back to the car. If at all possible, have your girlfriend drop you off. 2. Assess the situation quickly. Time is of the essence. Walking up and down the row of trucks, squinting at each menu, mentally comparing the size of each line, and weighing your options is exactly what is going to lead to you 3 starring this event. And also to never being my date to FTF.3. Get in line. Be bold. Stand close to the person in front of you so there is no doubt that you are in line. (Note: Many trucks have an order line and a pick up food line. Make sure you're in the right one.) No cutsies. If someone cuts you, politely remind them that this is a civilized meeting of cultured people and that cutting is for animals. This isn't Kansas.4. Do not chitchat with strangers. What the Hell do they think this is? This isn't Happy Hour. You're not at a TGI Friday's. If someone tries to chitchat or ask you a question, tell them you think you saw a Justin Bieber food truck at the other end of the event. If the person trying to chitchat is the person you brought with you, ditch them as fast as possible and later tell them you lost them in the crowd. I told you not to bring someone. 5. Try as many different things as possible. Go with your instincts. Don't over think. I'm not going to tell you what to order. Someone tried to do that to me last time and gave me shit for ordering something I could "get anywhere". Notice that they will not be coming with me to FTF tonight. 6. Most trucks take credit cards. Credit cards are for people who will spend their whole night waiting in line to eat one taco. Cash is for people who are actually going to take advantage of the fact that there is MORE THAN ONE FOOD TRUCK in the SAME LOCATION at the SAME TIME. If you only eat from one truck, you don't deserve to be here.Abide.
<review# 964,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/3/2012,8/19/2012,75,425,2,7,8>I am slowly working my way through the menu here and haven't been disappointed at all! The cheese plates are great with a good serving of cheeses (thank you for always having a white cheddar, yum!). The olives are great, the salads, the nibbles, and oh my goodness the Blonde Brownie is to die for! The patio is lovely and shaded most of the day and the service has always been impeccable (where there was one very uninterested waitress, but it was busy so I'll let her slide this once). With such an inventive idea the drinks are all named after famous blondes and they don't disappoint either. I look forward to making this my own little Cheers!
<review# 965,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/3/2012,8/17/2012,116,188,6,11,6>DING DING DING ... we have a winner!A Lebanese buddy of mine (well his grandma is Lebanese) was in town so I decided this was the perfect excuse to revisit Layla and try out some of their meat dishes.Along w/ the makdoul (baby eggplant & spicy walnuts $4) we ordered the hummus w/ beef appetizer ($8).  I've never combined hummus & beef before but I'd say it was pretty damn good.  The beef was strips of tenderloin and there was PLENTY of it and the presentation was quite nice.My friend said that lamb chops are a good litmus test of a Lebanese restaurant, so we ordered that for the entree ($15).  When prompted, we asked for them medium-rare.  They came out on a large plate w/ seasoned rice, green beans, and potatoes.  I swear when I picked up one of those chops and sunk my teeth into it I heard angels sing. These were SO tender, SO moist and juicy, I was just in awe.  The flavors were amazing. Lets say that Layla passed the lamb chop test with flying colors.  Everything else on the plate was very good.Our super-friendly server guy also brought out a complimentary plate of pickles, olives, and radishes that was very tasty.Layla is a true gem and I highly encourage everyone to check them out, vegetarians and carnivores alike.  They're open pretty late every day and have a parking lot so you have no excuse...just GO!
<review# 966,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/20/2012,8/16/2012,317,728,3,15,8>I met a couple girlfriends after work last evening. We sat at a high-top in the bar. Got beverages. Julie was our happy server . . . entirely and ever attentive.One of our threesome was intent on getting something called "Chicken Littles," which are now NOT on the menu --  four sliders of white-meat fried chicken with melted cheese. Comes with lettuce, tomato, white onion and pickles. NOT AVAILABLE!!Well, our lovely Julie went to ask the chef if this was possible. She was back quickly, saying IT WAS!! So, all three of us ordered Chicken Littles. We also got loaded potato skins and pretzel bites to share.What a ridiculous feast. Everybody had to-go vessels.The Chicken Littles ($8.99) came with honey mustard and WARMED barbeque sauce. Two of us asked for Ranch dressing, which was readily provided.The little sandwiches were absolutely fabulous! The white-meat fried chicken was brimming outside of the bun. And the cheese was beautifully melted. I used the pickles, lettuce, onion and lettuce to complete my Chicken Little. I ate ONE!Why they aren't on the menu anymore, I will NEVER, NEVER, NEVER know. A couple at the bar asked us what they were. They wanted them, too!!The loaded potato skins ($7.99) were served with sour cream. Six to the order. We each ate one. Yummy! Really lots of bacon.The pretzel bites ($6.99) were hot with nice sprinkles of coarse salt and served with a jalapeno cheese dip. This had some heat to it, but not too much. They were great! I don't know how many were in the serving, but they seemed endless!Happy hour is 3 p.m.-7 p.m. -- quite generous.And there are Early-Bird specials in the dining room for $8.95.My to-go vessels were three more meals!
<review# 967,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/28/2012,8/15/2012,151,293,4,12,8>To sum up my new favorite restaurant:-steak (and other meaty goodness)-great local beer-good wine-great concept-excellent service-reasonable prices for all the aboveThe Block is a great asset to Webster Groves, and it's my new favorite. Sit in the bar and get a dozen other specials they only serve in the bar. Closer to the beer and a bigger menu? Sold.The Block, I love you.
<review# 968,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/18/2012,8/14/2012,456,314,3,14,8>Wow what an experience.  My son The Famous Chip K and his wife Bridget and I came here for Father's Day.  Niche was offering a fixed  price menu of 6 courses.  It was named "Chef's Tasting Menu".For starters we had 1. Maple custard with roasted mushrooms, bonito caviar.  It was served in an egg shell the taste was interesting as the mushrooms almost tasted like bacon.  The bonito caviar was not fish eggs but shaved fish made into little balls.2. Carrot Three Waysorange-cumin, yogurt, espelette.  This was carrots served sweet, sour and regular.  The cumin was an interesting twist to the carrots.3. Scallops.strawberry, tapioca, and radish.The scallops were best eaten with mixing all the flavors together.  A plain scallop can be a bit neutral but these were just an explosion of different tastes and textures.4. SorbetI was thinking just ol store bought sorbet.  Nope homemade with a slight hint of smoke flavor.  It kind of a brain twister as you expecting boring old sorbet but got hit with a smoke flavor.5. Filet of Beefpotato, leek, rosemary, and whey.The tenderloin of beef was served sitting on leek and mashed potato mixed together.  Outstanding.  I never did taste the whey.6 Goat Cheese Custardrhubarb, basil, brown butter cake.The goat cheese was toned down my it being mixed with the custard and the rhubarb added a certain bitterness that was very nice with the brown butter cake giving the sweetness you would expect in a dessert.This may sound like a lot of food buy most dishes really were small and as stated in the beginning a taste menu.  It was a nice treat for Father's Day and the service was outstanding.Good Job Niche!!
<review# 969,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/24/2012,8/13/2012,131,350,1,8,9>i really am glad that this place exists. it is like an upscale bunny bread store. i got a large loaf of miche, honey wheat, 8 pretzels, and a bag of chocolate chip pretzel rolls for around $20. the chocolate chip rolls are only available at the outlet. i was a bit concerned when the GPS took me around the whole city instead of straight through but it all worked out. i will tell you that 1) the cheese danish are to die for. 2) you enter through a warehouse door.i will most definitely be back
<review# 970,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,5/20/2010,9/6/2010,19,43,2,7,3>Ahh the Royale.  We went there for drinks and apps last Friday.  I am pretty much swimming against the tide with my friends on this one.  It might be a case of too high of expectations.  I do enjoy their burgers, but don't think they are the best in town.  Service is friendly but usually a little slow.  And I really don't understand the beer menu.  Ok I can understand if you want to look like on of the "craft beer sanctuaries" and you don't carry Budweiser products.  But then why do you carry Miller Lite?  It especially feels silly when you got signs all over praising the power of St Louis, that you don't carry St Louis' #1 beer but you do carry Milwaukee's.  Does not compute.  They do have a nice outdoor patio area.  Get their early if you want to be near the fire.
<review# 971,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/7/2010,9/5/2010,63,198,4,10,9>Dearest Chef Ian and Server Garrett~FINALLY. I have a STL crush! Thank you for giving me the best dining experience I've had  since moving here in August. You are what I have been waiting for. The food was incredible, and the service was as well. We were first shown to a less than ideal table in the middle of the room. Two of us in the party were kind of looking around to see what other tables were nearby, and before we even said anything, the hostess immediately offered us a great table in the corner.Our faves for the night:- Hen of the woods mushrooms on top of truffle scented pomme frites, aged provolone- Oregon wild chanterelle mushroom tagliolini- Octopus pasta special- Flank steak- Foie gras (I am NOT a foie gras eater, but apparently this was unbelievably good)- Chocolate mousse- Warm flourless chocolate cake- Cranberry sorbetOne of my biggest pet peeves are servers who don't have an opinion. There is no way everything on the menu is equally good - You must have a favorite. Thank you, Garrett, for having opinions. And thank you, Ian, for introducing yourself and checking to see if we enjoyed the meal. I had to be rolled out of there after everything I consumed, but no embarrassment here! I fully intend to stalk my new crush, the Crossing.
<review# 972,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,8/7/2010,9/4/2010,264,889,1,9,8>It a small shoppe.  They carry a lot of your basic wrapped candies...Snickers, Mr.Good Bar and other candy bars, Flipstick taffy, Fun Dip (flavored sugar), Sprees, licorice, Mentos, etc.  There was also had a variety of bulk chocolate or yogurt covered things from nuts to dried fruits: chocolate covered peanuts, almonds, dried cherries, haystacks (chocolate covered coconut mounts), turtles, etc.We went with the chocolate covered amaretto walnuts and yogurt covered cranberries.  The walnuts are worth trying!  I would have like to see more unique candy rather than a lot of things I can find in the grocery store.  They just opened, so maybe there will be some newer/unique things to come.
<review# 973,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,6/2/2010,9/3/2010,15,68,1,3,1>Right behind Crown Candy Kitchen comes the other restaurant option for Old North - a little coffee shop that's got coffee drinks, some sandwiches, and baked goods. It's alright, but definitely a low-budget type of restaurant.I love that it's another place to show off that North St. Louis isn't "scary." Let's get over that whole thing, k? Yays:- Coffee is pretty good and cheap!- I feel like I'm part of something by getting coffee here. They provide jobs to people in the neighborhood, which might not sound like much, but there's not exactly a lot of potential jobs around ONSL!- Very friendly environment and servers, and always some characters in/around the store.- I've only had breakfast sandwiches, but it was egg, ham, and cheese, and freshly cooked just for me.Nays:- Baked goods are totally from Sam's Club. Pass.- They close really early! Not a place to go for coffee in the evening.
<review# 974,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/27/2010,9/2/2010,92,237,,10,5>Amazing food that is SO GOOD! So coming here, it is cafeteria style so you will stand in line but it will be worth it even though it is TORTURE to do so as you stare at this awesome smelling and looking food the whole time!  Everything looks so good!The fresh homemade lemonade was wonderful.  After you sit down the waiter will give you free refills on your lemonade or sweet tea.I had the chicken wings/thighs, macaroni & cheese, green beans, candied yams, and cornbread. Best wings/thighs I have ever had!  All the sides were great!My husband had much of the same sides but had the meatloaf. He loved it. He had the banana pudding and he loved that too.When it is busy there it is pretty chaotic but the tables are big enough that you don't feel imposed upon. It is surprisingly not that loud for the amount of people that are there.  You can still carry a conversation.Everyone was really nice and we are coming back!
<review# 975,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/4/2010,9/1/2010,80,275,,10,6>When my first dog passed away last year, we were receiving condolences from people about a sister that gave us almost 10 great years. The first person who sent us a card was Judy, owner of Off The Leash. She has been running this place for a long time, before they were at this location and in a small house that was cramped. All our dogs love to get their haircut here, and our last dog who passed away would always start howling when we even MENTIONED the word "Judy". She has been very great to our latest dog who has been rescued from a puppy mill. Her love of dogs is what keeps us coming back, and she always does a great job. I recommend using her if you live in the county!
<review# 976,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/18/2010,8/31/2010,10,46,2,7,7>I guess I'm lucky...or maybe talented, I don't know. It seems that I haven't been to a restaurant (or establishement that serves drinks/food) that I haven't liked in awhile. Maybe it's the Yelp community, steering me in the right direction...that would have to be the case here, I'd say. The glowing ratings for The Map Room were spot on...and I'd have to say that this place has immediately become one of my favorite spots in St. Louis...in just one night. My wife and I went here last Friday as the second part of our two part 'Date Du Jour' (the first part was at Brasserie in CWE...more to come on that later). I had heard so many great things here on Yelp, I thought it to be the perfect way to finish out the date...boy was I right! (and for any single dudes out there...replicate this date. It's a sure winner).      I knew a few things about the Map Room before we even got there. I knew that there would be folk music, I knew the place would be quaint, I knew that they had a nice drink and desert selection...all of these, good characteristics for a date night cap. What I didn't know though is how all of these things and more could work so well together to create a place that's just...special. Immediately when entering (or at least on this night) you feel like you've walked right into the home of a friend, except this home has numerous tables and chairs and a band playing in the corner. Even though the place is small, I didn't feel like I was making a scene upon entering...the vibe was more like, "Hey! Welcome! Come on in, have a seat....pull up a chair." You may be wondering why it's appealing to feel like you're in someone's house. You may be saying to yourself, "Why would I want to go hang out in a place that feels like someone elses house when I can just stay at home and enjoy my own?" Well, I think the difference is simple...community. There's a definite sense of community at this place, and that's what makes it special. There's many places that I've been where you have the 'regulars,' the people that are there all the time, know the owners, are called by name...but I don't often feel like I'm apart of or could ever become a part of that group. It's like a club at some places, which then gives the vibe of 'clickness.' Not here. There's the regulars...but the difference is that you're welcome to join in. We made our way to the back of the house where the bar is (another nice thing, the ordering counter and kitchen are tucked away, not the prominent feature...just adding to the warmth of the place). The owners were extrememely inviting, but not in a pushy overly friendly way, just in a way that shows true care. They made us some spiked teas (not on the menu, it's just something she does). Mine was a white tea with vodka and cherry liquer, my wife's was another spiked tea, but I don't remember what she had. We also got a couple of truffles from the case (which were out of this world). So relaxing...we took our stuff back into the living room, sat on the couch-that-sucks-you-in, and sat back together for some bluegrass and spiked tea. It can't get much better really. Looking around too, everyone else was having the same experience. Families were gathering here, friends were getting together, it was just...community. I felt like I knew everyone for years. CJ, the husband and part owner, was accomodating to a T. The place is small, so as more and more people entered, we were wondering where they would all fit, but CJ just pulled out more chairs and moved tables around, people dontated chairs they weren't using...and everyone was seated. Everyone was comfortable. Comfortable is the key word here...you feel comfortable here. Comfortable in talking to strangers, comfortable in just sitting as low as possible on the couch like you're lounging at home,,,just comfortable. There's things I can't describe, just go check it out...you'll love it!
<review# 977,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/7/2010,8/30/2010,319,681,4,15,5>My Ex turned me on to The Vine, he's British and buys his lamb from the Lebanese/Palestinia/Iraqi market that is connected to the restaurant. He claims it's one of the cheapest places in town to get quality lamb (for cooking).   You just have to ask that they cut the hooves off before they give it to you (eew).I visited the restaurant for the first time last week: Falafel: One of the freshest and tastiest in town - not dry at all! Stuffed Grape Leaves: Typical, but yummy Baba Ganough: Tasty, large portion Hummus: Tasty large portion Lentil Soup: YUM Fresh baked pita:  YUMBaklava and other pastries:  YUMMiddle-eastern inspired Calzones (Mana-ish):  YUMChicken Shawarma with long grain rice: Tasty! Appetizer Platter: Great deal for $13.99. You get a TON of food. My impression is that the decor is charming, tasteful, modern and nice.  The staff is friendly, the prices are reasonable, and the food is fresh and yummy. I'll definitely be back to sample more of the menu. The store next door is very cluttered, but if you like beans and lentils, they have them in bulk at a very good price. And, they sell hookah pipes, Halal meats, lamb and other Middle-eastern goodies.
<review# 978,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,7/20/2010,8/29/2010,66,111,3,7,4>I went into this store after attending the downtown Tower Grove Farmers Market (not that big).  This get's a 3 because the helpfulness of the front entrance people including the extremely TOOL of a security guard.  Seriously Schnucks, get another dude.  He was on his phone and extremely rude.  However, the deli peeps totally made up for the TOOL at the door.  They let me try multiple Boars Head turkeys until I found the right one for me.  I started a somewhat limited diet and have very room to play.  So getting high quality meats and foods are important for flavor.  They were extremely patient and helpful while encouraging me!  Plus don't fight the parking meters.  Culnaria gives you 2 hrs free parking (non peak hours) and 1 hr (during peak 8-5 M-F) at the garage next to them.  I wish I had known this earlier.  Brilliant idea and I hope Culinaria survives.  It's just like a cramped Schnucks with all the fixins and less isle width.  Perfect for everything on the go too.  The home made pizza's looked awesome.  I'm going back to try one.
<review# 979,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/12/2010,8/28/2010,17,68,4,4,6>Have you ever read a 19th century novel in which one of the characters is an adorable, sweet, loving child? And this little sunbeam in a gloomy world always has a kind word or a piece of simple wisdom for everyone? And you're just waiting for the place where the little one starts looking pale and develops a cough, because some people are just too good for this world? That's how the Mud House makes me feel. Every detail of the decor is lovingly chosen. Every member of the staff is quirky or funny or sweet. Each daily special is put together with fresh ingredients and some thoughtful, surprising addition (the ricotta with the roast vegetable salad; the glaze on the meatloaf in the meatloaf sandwich). And the coffee is perfect. They are one of the only coffeehouses in St Louis that has discovered that espresso is not supposed to be bitter. Please, Mud House, don't become pale and radiant and take to your bed. Stay strong! We need you here!
<review# 980,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/21/2013,5/14/2013,108,34,78,60,40>People hating on this place are just that: haters.I ate at Sweetie Pie's the other day, and it was the best meal I've had in a good six months, if not a year, in part because I can barely afford to feed myself anymore, let alone eat fancy restaurant meals, due to some personal failings, and in part because it was genuinely that good.The main argument I've heard against Sweetie Pie's is that it doesn't sell anything that you couldn't easily replicate in your home kitchen. This is only true if you're an old black lady who doesn't mind everything you own smelling like fried chicken for the rest of your -- probably short, at that point, right? -- life.You're hit with that fried chicken smell before you even walk in the door, in the street, in the weird almost-alley between the Urban League, whatever that is, and Sweetie Pie's itself. If the Urban League is still located in that building, I can't imagine that Sweetie Pie's is their least favorite occupant of the building across the way. And I'll just leave it at that. LOLOn the other side of Sweetie Pie's is the VA hospital. If you suffer a mid-meal stroke, and you used to be in the military, they can roll your ass right across the street. (They'll probably take you in even if you weren't in the military, but I can't imagine you'd want to go there.)Sweetie Pie's sells a lot more than just fried chicken; but I guess the smell of the various baked and braised items just isn't as powerful. None of them looked as appetizing to me, sitting there in hotel pans stewing in vats of greasy liquid -- but my cousin had the turkey leg, and he said it was amazing. The old bald guy who brought us our cups with ice and straws -- the loveable old James -- agreed. He said he eats one every Sunday. I've never seen a 90 year-old man so lucid before in my life, let alone so enthusiastic.I of course went with the fried chicken, and I'd probably do the exact same thing if I went back, for a few reasons: (a) Cool people go to restaurants, find one thing that they like, and keep ordering it over and over again; (b) How should I phrase this? Well, let's just say it's hard to go wrong with fried chicken at a soul food restaurant; and (c) the shit was just that good.A fried chicken meal comes with three wings and either two or three side dishes. The one that comes with two is priced at exactly $10 even, to appeal to cheapskates. It's probably the cheapest meal on the menu. Average is probably more like $13, and I'd imagine that's a lot of people's problem with Sweetie Pie's  -- it's not out of this world expensive, but for a certain kind of brother it's a little bit rich. I was eyeing that three side dish option, but my old man was paying, he only went with the two, and I didn't want to ruin our relationship. I figured, worst case scenario, I could stop at McDonald's on the way home. I'm not afraid to admit that I've done that. I'm a true fat-ass, not one of these fakers.Turns out I had nothing to be worried about. These were the biggest chicken wings I've ever seen in my life. No hyperbole. I actually kinda didn't want to eat them, because what kind of chicken has wings that big? Imagine the size of the entire bird, if the wings are that big. It must be the size of the late, great Gary Coleman. With wing prices these days upwards of $3/lb, they must be paying out the ass to get only wings that big. Maybe $10 for three and them and a couple of sides is not such a bad deal?They go through enough wings (there was a line out the door the entire time I was there) that they're always "hot out the grease." Mine were so hot I actually hurt myself a little bit shoving them in face as quickly as possible. I'm sure it wasn't a pleasant thing to watch. My bad to whoever was there and may have seen this. But sometimes a brother's gotta do what a brother's gotta do. I was half-tempted to take my shirt. That chicken brought something out of me. I guess it's not so difficult to fry three chicken wings, but I will say that these were perfectly executed: crispy to the point where you could hear yourself eating it; tasty, but not seasoned to the point where it overpowers the taste of the chicken, to the extent that chicken has a taste.The dressing was just alright, in a "delicious, because it's dressing, but obviously made from a mix" sort of way. I was thisclose to going with either the greens or the green beans, but I can't turn down an opportunity to eat dressing on a non-holiday, as a matter of principle. THe macaroni and cheese is deeply satisfying, in a "my life will be a week shorter than it would have been otherwise as a result of this" sort of way. There's a shedload of cheese in it, forming a perfect crisp-but-not-quite-burnt protective cheese layer at its edges.They must make sure that everyone gets a bit of that layer with their order. You can tell they take a certain pride in their work -- though it's also clear that they could care less about your health. LOL
<review# 981,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/9/2013,5/13/2013,76,209,5,14,10>What's not to love about Grant's Farm?  It's really a terrific place to bring your kids, and you get some free beer.They can go into the pen and feed the baby goats, who, in turn, will jump up on your kid with their manure covered hooves.  If you're a real germophobe, it's best to stand outside the pen to feed the goats.  Manure or not, the goats are super cute!  And your little ones will look cute feeding them.  I *smell* a photo op!There are other animals too - llamas, camels, zebras, ostriches, huge turtles.  It's a lot like the zoo, but it's smaller, more interactive and definitely less of a endeavor.  Oh, and parking costs money, so the riffraff factor is much less than at the zoo (zoo on weekends=personal hell on earth).There's a carousel & a big food courtyard where you can also see some horses.  The Budweiser Clydesdales are also on the premises, and they're really big.  TIP:  Parking is $12 a car, so carpool if you can or buy a season's pass for $40.  And keep an out for the Living Social and/or Groupon vouchers for Grant's Farm, as they provide an excellent value.
<review# 982,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/11/2013,5/12/2013,116,188,5,17,8>I wanna throw a little more love to India's Kitchen after an excellent Sunday lunch buffet experience.  It is really fantastic, with 6-7 dishes each of meat & vegetarian dishes.  Good stuff too, like goat curry and palak paneer.  There's also a good salad bar AND dessert, which featured gulab jamuns -- . fried spongy milky balls soaked in rose scented syrup.  An unlimited supply of those can be deadly.Even better, they had an idli station.  Idli is like a South Indian pancake made of fermented lentil and rice (gluten-free).  You can then trick out your idli with any of the 8 chutney/relish options available. The sweet spicy ginger one was insane! And the coconut cashew also did the trick.  There is also all-you-can-drink serve-yourself masala chai.  They let you sweeten it yourself.  And the shocker -- all this was just 11 bucks.  Crazy!.  No wonder the place had a good crowd around 1pm.  The buffet is served from 12 to 3 on Sunday.  Just a note -- most of the stuff on the buffet was pretty spicy.  If you can't handle spice you might want to order off the menu.I believe there is new management there now.  I spoke to one of the new owner/managers and she was extremely helpful and friendly.  Definitely check out the Sunday buffet.
<review# 983,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/10/2012,5/11/2013,50,74,1,9,12>Two of my favorite things:  fried chicken and South City.  What could be better than the two all rolled into one??  Jon and I decided to drive from Brentwood to Benton Park one Sunday at around 10:45.  We like to sit in the bar area where you don't have to wait to be seated, so we knew that we'd have to get there early.  The atmosphere at Hodak's is what you'd expect from a typical fried chicken joint.  Lot's of seating, as this place is very popular.  It's not much to look at, but it is mmmm mmm good!DISCLAIMER: We were SUPER hungry when we decided to dine at Hodak's.  We started the meal with some Toasted Rav and some Mozz sticks.  They were clearly frozen, but still hot, crispy, and delish.  Jon ordered a country fried steak sandwich and I ordered chicken strips.  I know, I know, neither of us technically ordered fried chicken, but, Jon really wanted chicken fried steak and I was craving chicken strips.  It all worked out extremely well for us.  Everything we ordered was great.  Jon's sandwich was cooked perfectly and his sides of fries and cole slaw were fresh and yummy.  The chicken strips were ammaaaaazing... as was the gravy, potatoes, and veggies that came with them.  Everyone knows that Hodak's has great fried chicken.  But, just in case you're in the mood for some other form of comfort food, know that you can't go wrong with Hodak's alternative menu items.
<review# 984,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/24/2013,5/10/2013,251,118,6,7,4>When they say everything tastes better with bacon, they are right! I love milkshakes on their own, but I never would imagine making them even more glorious. Well, Bailey's Range did just that with their sweet sweet bacon shake. I think the invention of the shake went something like this.What if we combine the three most awesome items into one. Let's see.1. Bacon2. Alcohol3. MilkshakeBAM! The sweet sweet bacon shake was born! This milkshake has Maker's Mark, house-made salted caramel ice cream, and candied bacon. I couldn't decide what I enjoyed more. The fact that I was having my first spiked milkshake or that it had candied bacon with my shake!The burger I had wasn't too impressive. I had the smoke bomb from their burger battle menu. The burger sounded better that it tasted. It was also spicier than expected and lacked flavor. Unfortunately, the more orders one burger gets, it will stay on the menu. I actually would recommend this to be off the menu. It was disappointing especially knowing that I was spending $11 on it. I also wasn't too happy with their fries. I prefer my fries to be crunchy. It had no crunch at all. Although I did enjoy the siracha/ketchup and mayo chipotle dipping sauce. Ill be back soon to try a different burger.Overall, I give this place 3.5 stars for my first experience. I'll be nice and round up!
<review# 985,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/7/2013,5/9/2013,149,141,4,6,7>I always get the same thing here, so I will review that. Honestly, you don't need to know about anything else, since it's the best thing on their menu. Ready for it? Here it is: spicy beef salad and Thai dumplings. First, the dumplings. They come on a plate of six, with a spicy soy-ish dipping sauce. They will absolutely melt in your mouth. Next, the salad -- and it is HUGE. It has lettuce, of course, and a huge amount of spicy beef strips. The sauce is meaty, and delicious. I can never finish the entire thing. This restaurant is small, but the staff is good at fitting everyone in comfortably. We were there during the lunch rush and people just kept coming in the door and being seated...but the everyone looked like they had plenty of elbow room. Must be magic!The staff is super nice, the food comes out fast no matter how busy they are. The prices are very reasonable. This place is great for lunch!
<review# 986,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/5/2013,5/8/2013,98,87,7,9,8>Today I experienced heaven, and it tasted like Gooey Louie Blueberry Butter Cake. I was out exploring, looking for bakeries to sample, and lucky me - I found Gooey Louie on Chippewa. The shop is small and unassuming, and there are no tables at which to sit and relax. But you know what? That's fine. This allows you to take your Gooey Louie Butter Cake home and eat the whole pan in the privacy of your kitchen.Not that I did that.Yet.When I walked in the OWNER greeted and waited on me - he's quite chatty and friendly. His friends call him Captain. Well the Captain and I had a nice visit, during which I discovered that he's been doing this for 7 years. He loves what he does, and I mean he really LOVES doing this. You can tell. Gooey Louie Butter Cake is made daily and from only fresh whole ingredients - no preservatives.They're the winner of the best Gooey Butter Cake for 2009, 2010, 2011, and 2012. Not sure who gave them this honor, but it's on his menu. Frankly I don't care. The cake is that heavenly.The Captain has a display of his freshly made desserts, and you select which (and how many) 8x8 boxes of butter cake you want. If you're not sure, he'll describe the cakes and give you a bit of history on the flavors.  You'll pay $11 for original Gooey Louie and $12 for flavored. Captain will also do special orders, but he has minimum orders for that. You can see his website at gooeybuttercake.com.BTW  Iron Chef Michael Simon is partial to the Blueberry. That was good enough for me. I came home and ate half the pan. In my kitchen. The night's still young though. I might eat the other half...I think Louie is calling me.
<review# 987,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/20/2013,5/7/2013,276,184,3,12,9>+ Legit papaya salad + Friendly, attentive staff+ Very reasonable prices *Small menu - there aren't pages upon pages of dishes to choose from, which means their selection is well-curated and each dish holds its own *THAI ICED TEA with lime instead of milk. Tart & refreshing and not cloying as milky Thai iced tea can be.  *Legit PAPAYA SALAD with salted blue crab. Adds that extra tangy-salty ocean-y dimension to papaya salad. More authentic than any other papaya salad I've had in STL *KHAO SOI w/ chicken - cooked noodles on bottom, crispy noodles on top. Complex, flavorful curry, creamy but not heavy. Dunk the crispy noodles into the curry broth and let them soak the sauce in. Good texture, chicken was tender (not overlooked!)*MUU PING (pork skewers) were succulent, sweet and salty with a light drizzle of coconut milk on top. Served with a cute straw basket containing a little packet of steamed jasmine riceEverything I had here was spot-on. The ingredients were of high quality, the flavors were complex and authentic, and the service was top-notch. The restaurant itself is clean and cozy, but It's tucked away at the end of a random side street off of Delmar so it is a ways off from the main Loop. Will definitely be back.
<review# 988,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/11/2013,5/6/2013,317,728,5,15,9>Well, we went again. And I had more time to review the display cases of bakery offerings.There are 28 flavors of macaroons, muffins (blueberry, double chocolate), mini-muffins, savory croissants (spinach and feta, ham and swiss) in addition to sweet croissants and plain croissants. Beautifully crafted frosted animal cookies, biscotti in about four flavors -- in addition to the other offerings mentioned in my first review.It was about 12:30 when we arrived and were seated right away in the back room, which is all windows and looks out onto the patio, which is just beautiful with umbrella'd tables and spring blooming bulbs.Quiche of the day was spinach, roasted red peppers and swiss. There was something else in it, but I can't remember. Comes with vegetable of the day -- today was green beans and carrots. And a choice of soup or salad.Soup of the day was shrimp bisque.My dining partner got the quiche of the day. Besides the vegetables, she had a choice of soup or salad ($9.10). Since we had the French onion soup last time, she opted for the shrimp bisque.I got the make-your-own-omelette ($11.50), which also comes with the vegetable of the day and choice of soup or salad. I opted for the shrimp bisque.For the omelette, you could choose three from: ham, green pepper, spinach, mushroom, tomato, onion, bacon, cheddar or swiss. I opted for mushroom, tomato and cheddar. If you want more than three additions, each one is 85 cents.The shrimp bisque was fabulous. Tomatoey, creamy, not too thick, bits of shrimp in each spoonful.Our entrees were very generous. Her quiche looked like 1/4 of the pie. Beautifully served with the green beans and carrots. She said it was wonderful with such a light crust. She gave me a taste.Man-o-man was that terrific. The roasted red peppers were fabulous in this combination. And although I don't like quiche because of the crust, this crust was a perfect balance and so very light.My omelette was chockful of tomato, mushrooms and cheddar. The eggs were barely keeping it together, it was so full.The green beans were so dainty and tender and tasted wonderful. I think they were haricot vert, not green beans. The carrots were chunks of great freshness. There's no sauce on these vegetables; just beautifully fresh vegetables. Well, maybe there's some butter.Our little basket of French bread was devoured right away, served with butter.Service was spectacular. She was so pleasant, so spot-on with beverage refills. I wish they wore name tags, so I could tell you her name.We both left with a to-go vessel of another meal.On the way out, my dining partner got more treats for the homestead: sugar-free cake: chocolate, lemon and strawberry. A loaf of French bread. Chocolate chocolate muffins, slice of German chocolate cake. She had a bagful of lovely confections!! And was quite happy!
<review# 989,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/13/2013,5/5/2013,193,50,6,13,7>I discovered Sump through a Pecha Kucha presentation by Scott (the powerful bearded coffee demi-god of St. Louis). His presentation was amazing in that he was so passionate about coffee. I had never met anyone who was so into coffee. Not even other coffee shop owners, he's a different breed. This made me want to check out the venue and see what the big deal was.Fast Forward several months later, I get to Sump to visit the locale and holy crap it's amazing! For most of us who drink coffee, we have to add sugar, cream and pixy dust to make it bearable (or as my father in law calls it Candy Coffee). The coffee is so good you actually enjoy the flavor. The brewing process and the fact they can explain it to you sets it apart.I don't ever plan on learning about coffee but if I need to learn, I'll go to Sump. Seriously the coffee is the best I've tasted. I wish they were closer to me or opened up a location in Midtown. Outside of the coffee, not a ton of food options but that's ok. Usually you are here to get some coffee, read a book (or study) and relax. Easily worth checking out if you haven't been yet. And if you have gone, you should return again. Easily the best coffee you'll taste in St. Louis City.
<review# 990,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,12/10/2010,2/11/2011,129,341,10,6,4>This is an interesting place.  I'm still not sure what to make of it.The beautiful wife and I hit Talayna's for dinner tonight.  When we walked in, we were asking smoking or non-smoking.  We went with no, but then it turned into some sort of situation regarding what server didn't have enough tables.  So we interrupted and went with smoking, just so we could sit.We got a booth in the bar area, which is vacant, except for one fellow sitting by himself in a booth in the corner.  I don't believe he ordered any food or drink, so I'm not sure if he was real or not.Anyway, we were deciding on what to drink, and per some discussions earlier, we decided it would be a wine night.  I asked about that and our server presented a wine list.  I swear, I'd kill to have a picture of this.  It was literally a handwritten list that pretty much read "Cabernet, Chardonnay, Chianti..."  And of course, lacking prices.  Crazy.I ordered a bottle of Chianti, because I'm a lush.  Only to have the server come back and say they don't sell wine by the bottle.  Even better.  Two glasses of Chianti please!We had some jalapeno poppers to start off with, which were fine.  They have a mix of cheddar and cream cheese.  But, before you get too comfy, they come with a side of marinara.  That's a first.  But hey, they must know something, because the cream cheese poppers with marinara had a pseudo-lasagna taste (well, jalapeno lasagna).What happened next...it's so hard to talk about.  You see, they brought out a pizza sample.  A sample of St. Louis style pizza.  That's right.  Sitting before us was a bubbling, thin crusted, Provel-topped monstrosity.   What we were to do?  Reject it entirely?  Run?  Claim to be vegans?  As you see often with travel shows, it would be offensive to your hosts if you did not to take a nibble.  So we did.  From the very edge.  I can't say or not if any of that bastard cousin of Cheese Whiz entered my system, but it came close enough.After some moments of awkwardness, the main event arrived -- a medium, New York style deluxe pizza.  Wait, no.  It was a medium deluxe pizza, but it wasn't New York-style.  This was a thicker crust, cut into narrow pieces.Now, it wasn't bad, but it wasn't New York-style.  It reminded me more of a better version of Pizza Hut's hand-tossed (yeah, I've traveled down that road, still better than Provel-topped garbage).Really long story short, it wasn't bad, it wasn't great.  If we wanted a simple, no frills pizza experience, we might come back (or order take out).  But it didn't blow me away.
<review# 991,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/22/2010,2/10/2011,29,78,3,4,4>The zoo is a fun place to visit, and a great place to bring your family, especially when they don't have a free zoo around them!  There's a large amount of exhibits; I particularly enjoy the sea lions and the insectarium.Unfortunately I'm great at picking the hottest days of the year to visit the zoo, and there's so much to look at that it takes well over a half day to see most of the exhibits.   I also love the fact that they could care less how much food and booze you can bring in;  I learned this when I saw a family of four walk by wheeling a full igloo cooler.   At that point I was sweating by the pound and was immensely jealous. My boyfriend ended up splurging on a $4.25 Bud Light (which isn't too overpriced; they have daiquiris for $5.25) and man, was I happy when he shared that sucker with me.Visit the zoo, you won't regret it, but make sure you bring plenty of your own beverages, adult or otherwise!(Oh, and what the hell is up with that plastic gazelle hanging in the tree near the anteaters?)
<review# 992,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/29/2010,2/9/2011,139,268,5,7,5>As my boyfriend unpacks our new condo, and mutters four letter words, I find myself trying to fall asleep..... however, every time I find comfort in my dinner experience, I find myself nodding off to sleep only to be awaken by huffing and puffing. It is our second night living in the Central West End.We've been to a handful of restaurants and bars in the CWE but tonight was a special night; tonight was our first night walking out to dinner.After walking past several restaurants we decided on Duff's because we had only been there once together, and that one time was no good.. maybe because I was pregnant, maybe because we were bickering.... who knows?Tonight we were greeted with two glasses of water and given EXACTLY the right amount of time to choose a bottle of wine. We each ordered of the prix frixe menu. He had the Mediterranean plate as a starter, which consisted of toasted pita,soft feta, roasted red pepper hummus and some sort of olive tapenade. I sampled it and thought it was delish. He says it was really good but it didn't blow him out of the water.I had the crab and crawfish cakes. I am a total sucker for crab cakes and i really thought that these two humungo cakes rocked my socks off. Plus they came with a delicious garnish of field greens, tomatoes, and some sort of scrumptious sauce.....The hubby had BLACKBERRY LAMB....... and I had low expectations to say the least, however, they lamb was cooked to perfection and the hints of blackberry were just right. I had black peppercorn sirloin, which apparently is a terrible cut of meat, however, cooked medium rare (it actually came out MEDIUM RARE) was delicious. Our prix frixe meals included dessert of our choice. The hubby had apple cobbler and I had some delicious coffee drink with rum and such.We had such a good experience. Maybe it's because it was slow, or because our waiter was amazing.... we think his name was Tommy.
<review# 993,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/2/2010,2/8/2011,37,93,2,5,6>It's hard for me to keep a secret, and I really can't hold it in any longer.  Stefano's is one of the best pizza pie's in town.  You can thank me later.  Just get the cheese pizza, and you will be satisfied.This place is tucked away downtown off of 10th St. with all the rest of the hipster places that only people who live downtown know about.  The food here is excellent.  The atmosphere was nice and quaint, I don't want to say casual, but more like a urban-casual-coffeehouse vibe with a restaurant thrown on top.  We went in on a weeknight and it wasn't very crowded at all.  I think it hasn't been open long though.One of us had the pizza, one of us had the calzone, and the other had a chicken pasta dish that was excellente!  The pizza takes the cake.  It is classic NY style.  I am not from Brooklyn, but if I was, I would say that this pie reminds me of my childhood.  I just felt like a New Yorker trying a piece of it.  The calzone was doubly tasty - I ordered it with ham and pepperoni - their standard choice.  The best part about it was the marinara sauce.  This sauce was on the same level as the tomato sauce that goes on top of a Pi pizza - just awesome and bursting with tomato flavor.  Even the waiter commented that he had worked at many italian restaurants and this was some of the best marinara he has ever had.We were so stuffed we didn't eat dessert, but one table sitting outside ordered this dessert that literally looked like a giant hunk of chocolate and I could tell by each bite they took that it was savory goodness.  I can't wait to go back and try the pizza again.
<review# 994,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,1/17/2011,2/7/2011,194,81,3,8,3>My trip to Lola was another dining experience inspired by Groupon.  I had heard really good reviews from multiple people so I thought it couldn't hurt to pick up the deal a few weeks ago.  My mom and I decided to go out to dinner on Saturday night and this seemed like the perfect spot.  When her and I go out, we usually stick closer to Florissant, but I thought she would enjoy the food and the change of scenery. Plus, I have to use these Groupons before they all expire.Based on impression I was given, I thought Lola was going to be trendy and upscale.  I was picturing that the inside would be similar to Mosaic, Mango, or many other the other restaurants on Washington.   I was disappointed when we were seated in a section that looked more industrial.  The back by the bar was closer to what I was expecting.We were sitting at a table near the front room where the absinthe bar is located.  What we didn't realize when we were seated was that a big party was about to go down in that room.  I'm assuming it was a private party since it looked they had a buffet out and everyone in that room seemed to know each other.  While we were seated, more and more people showed up and got louder and louder.  I'm all for people having a good time, but I'm trying to enjoy my dinner and people are literally screaming in the next room.   Kinda hard to enjoy a nice meal with family.Ok, on to the food.  I ordered the Poncho Villa drink special on the menu.  It has tequila, some apricot liqueur, and muddled limes.  I thought it would be similar to a margarita, but it was really, really sour.  It was so sour that I was having a hard time drinking too much at once, but I was determined to finish it since it was $9.  I ordered the Lola Crepe with chicken.  I enjoyed it.  The chicken was a little dry, but perfectly fine.  The ratatouille was amazing and goat cheese was okay.  I'm not a big goat cheese fan, but it was milder than most so that was good.  The crepe itself was light and tasty.I thought the service was really good.  Our waitress was attentive and helpful.  Would I come back?  I'm not sure.  I'm not necessarily opposed to returning, but the fact that I have to walk by so many amazing restaurants to get here means that it is unlikely.I debated between a two and three star review.  I ultimately gave them the benefit of the doubt and the higher rating since the service and food was good.
<review# 995,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/22/2010,2/6/2011,15,47,3,8,6>I'm tardy reviewing this place, since I went last Thursday with the International Supper Club group. Now, right off the bat, I sat down at the bar and ordered a glass of Sangria that the bartender talked me into. I don't really care for red wine, but I do like Sangria from time to time if it's fruity enough, and this one really was. I liked it so much I had two glasses!They were prepared for our big group and we definitely got the celebrity treatment, but I was watching the servers interacting with other tables and I don't think our experience was unique. The waitstaff here is great and really know the menu, they were helpful without being at all condescending to this Peru newbie.The cheese empanada is just amazing - crispy dough on the outside, gooey cheese inside, but not so much that the cheese blurts out everywhere when you bite into it. My friend and I split an order of the yucca frittes, and they were great - very starchy, very potato-like, only they were served in wedges shaped like deli pickle slices (you know, the kind you get with a sandwich in any real deli) and they REALLY held their heat. They get bonus points from me for that, since I've said before that I'm not a big french fry fan because they get cold too fast, unless served the Belgian way (in a cone). It's served with a creamy sauce that was top notch. The plantain chips everyone raves about were fine - they reminded me very much of the dried banana chips you can get in a bulk bin, only better and with a great green sauce. (My companion & I went through two bowls, so they must have done something right.)For the main event, my friend got the scallop special - five seared scallops in a house red chili sauce. They were beautiful, they came with some kind of sprout on top that I was totally jealous of! I admit, I wasn't very adventurous and got a simple-looking chicken dish, the Aji de Gallina. ("Aji," I learned, is a "robust" sweet yellow pepper, more flavor than heat.) Here's the menu description: "Shredded chicken breast in creamy aji amarillo, Parmesan cheese & walnut sauce. Served over baby Yukon potatoes with white rice." This dish is rich. It is filling. It is delicious. Get ready, if you like rich cheesy chicken dishes, your mouth is going to have a spiritual experience when you take your first bite.A word on rice: White rice on the side doesn't sound very exciting to most people. However, the rice here was cooked absolutely perfectly. I'm not sure what kind of rice it was, but it was subtly flavorful and garnished with bits of red pepper and corn. I ate every bite of my rice, even though I took at least half of my chicken dish home. (It reheated well, but I always reheat creamy or cheesy dishes slowly, ten seconds at a time, stir stir stir, repeat.) This was some seriously good "plain" white rice.I would have been tempted by the dessert menu except that I was STUFFED. The servers kept the glasses full and the cocktails coming, but not in a pushy way. Erin G. enjoyed a cocktail called the "Crackberry" that looked very intriguing; her hubs Tim had a skewer of beef hearts that he was obviously in love with. I wanted to sneak a bite of Allison's veggie meal but didn't want to ask - maybe next time that's what I'll try, though it will be hard to resist the chicken.I think if you go w/o appetizers and a lot of drinks you can eat here fairly reasonably. If you want to do it up fancy, expect to spend $30-$40 a person. I had a Hot Sauce deal that they graciously allowed me to use, despite the fact that I was one of a party of 12. I hope that wasn't tacky, but I was too poor to eat (and drink!) as well as I did that night without the coupon!I love you, Mango, and I can't wait to see you again.
<review# 996,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,10/10/2010,2/5/2011,55,255,2,8,4>Bacana Brazil is a churrascaria, or Brazilian steakhouse.  You pay a flat rate and get go to to the salad bar and get served with various cuts of meat, presented on skewers, at your table.The salad bar is very unique and provides a ton of options.  In addition to lettuce and traditional salad toppings, they have a ton of prepared salads and other entrees for you to choose from.  To name a few, there's cucumber salad, salmon salad, orange salad, feijoada... I can't remember the rest, but there has to be at least a dozen to choose from.  Nothing I had from the salad bar blew me away, but none of it was bad either.Regarding the meat... They came around with several cuts of meat that they said was top sirloin, and it was all right, nothing out of the ordinary.  They also brought around beef leg, beef tenderloin, beef chuck, beef brisket, pork somethingoranother, "garlic steak," sausages, and probably some other cuts that I'm forgetting. The sausages kind of reminded me of typical American breakfast sausages, which was kind of a disappointment.   But nothing was bad; it's just that nothing really stood out and made me say "WOW, I need to get more of this."I've been to another churrascaria, Fogo de Chao in Dallas, and I really loved it.  Of course, that was before Yelp turned me into a bit of a food snob, so perhaps I wouldn't have liked it as much if I went recently.  Maybe they use better cuts of meat.  I don't know.
<review# 997,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/18/2011,2/4/2011,527,814,3,9,6>I have always loved this bookstore, the selection is overwhelming. I love the fact that they open at 11 AM. on Sunday. It makes for a great shopping experience after breakfast. You'll always find a good read for a lazy afternoon. I think one of my good traits is that when I'm dumb, I can openly admit it. In fact, sometimes it gives me a good laugh and that happened Sunday when I visited Left Bank Books. I had no idea there was an entire lower level of used books. I was amazed at the variety of selection and quantity.Next time I'm in a store and see a staircase, I'm taking the adventure and following the steps to see where they lead me. Cat allergy alert - they have a house cat who is very friendly and loving.
<review# 998,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/13/2010,2/3/2011,75,425,2,5,4>I was at the MAC for a wedding this past weekend and for once I was all sorts of interested in vendor and who did what. To my shock, everything was handled by MAC (I'm sure some were outside contractors). So all that wedding business aside, the meal was great! Stuffed chicken with a potato stack and perfectly cooked asparagus. They did the chocolate cake with buttercream frosting and it was delicious. Most impressive was the service. Brandi was out server and she was on top of everything. My wine glass was never less then half and my water glass was kept full without interruption. I was so impressed that I'll have to hit up Liz L. for a dinner invite.
<review# 999,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/21/2010,2/2/2011,82,85,,5,4>We've been frequenting Cyrano's happy hour for all the great half price drinks.  I've really been liking having a half priced glass of prosecco or a champagne cocktail with organic vodka.  I recently sampled the mushroom fettuccine off my sister's plate, and it was fabulous!  Perfect mushroomy, noodly goodness!  Next time I'm craving pasta, this will probably be my stop!
<review# 1000,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/4/2011,9/28/2011,139,268,26,6,7>Best New York style in St. Louis that I've encountered. Prove me wrong, I dare you. And without further ado,Dear Pizza Counter Guy at La Pizza,I am not entirely against a relationship based on me sleeping with you, and you giving me free pizza. Love, Stacey
<review# 1001,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/31/2011,9/27/2011,62,101,4,8,7>You guys are over thinking this place. It is a neighborhood bar. It is not trying to be fancy. It is not trying to be avant garde or classy. It serves as a place for its neighborhood patrons to get a cold drink and maybe a bite to eat on the cheap.The bartender is super nice and very attentive. Drinks are cheap and they have a good selection of beer, wine, and liquor. Don't expect a drink from a mixologist. Food is just OK, but that's fine. Don't go here for a five star meal. Go here to split a decent STL style pizza with some friends over beer.The patio is awesome and very lively. During the colder months they have fires on the patio. On Fridays they have a dude that place the guitar and sings the blues. He rules. Seriously.Don't over think this, just enjoy it. And when you go to the bathroom make sure to look at the cat photos.
<review# 1002,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/25/2011,9/26/2011,275,429,8,16,13>Ohmygod ohmygod ohmygod ohmygod!  I have a new favorite restaurant in town and Home Wine Kitchen is IT.  The schiznIT, in fact.We celebrated my birthday at HWK last night.  Originally, we tried to get into Farmhaus (my other fave resto in STL) totally last minute and were told we could either dine outside (in 102 degree weather?  Huh-uh.) or come in at 8:30, which didn't jive with our babysitting situation.  So I called HWK, which I've been dying to try since I drove by and spied their sweet space on Manchester.  You people in Maplewood are incredibly lucky to have this restaurant in your midst.  Bow low.We were warmly greeted by one of the owners, Josh, and heard about a few revisions to the ever-changing menu.  I like a place that refuses to serve a dish due to sub-par ingredients and yesterday the sardines didn't pass the perfection inspection, so they were nixed from the appetizer menu.  No problem for me as I had my eye on the potted pork appetizer, which was outstanding.  The well-seasoned, unctuous spread contrasted nicely with the crisp grilled bread and paired well with pickled radishes, coarse mustard and red onions.  I had a tiny scoop left when the bread ran out and I had it boxed up so none would go to waste.  No potted pork left behind!Since it's the perfect time of year for stellar tomatoes and glorious, sugary corn, my husband and I were torn between the sides of creamed corn and heirloom tomatoes.  We asked our server if he thought we might be overdoing it if we ordered both sides in addition to our entrees (since we weren't familiar with HWK's portion sizes) and he suggested we'd do fine with just one side... Buuuuuuut, I said it was BIRTHDAY DINNER and how could we pass up two dishes made up of ingredients so absolutely at their prime?  We couldn't.  We ordered the tomatoes and the corn and the chicken and the wild boar.  Thank goodness.  Thank goodness, not because the portions were tiny (in fact, I'd say they were fairly generous and a really good value), but because the FOOD. WAS. AWESOME.I couldn't help myself when the little cast iron dish holding the creamed corn made it to the table.  I dove right in to the blessed mix of perfect corn, bacon, green onion and leeks and practically shouted to Justin, "You have to try this NOW!"  Part of me wishes I hadn't been so exuberant about it--maybe I wouldn't have had to share so much.  But damn, that was one of the finest side dishes I've ever had the pleasure of eating.  Ever.  I almost wept with joy.The heirloom tomatoes, noted as having thyme, honey and balsamic components on the menu, also arrived in a cast iron dish, which surprised us--I think we were expecting a cold, more salad-like dish.  Don't mistake that for disappointment, though, because these tomatoes were also delicious.  Roasted, sweet and juicy, they tasted like the best fresh, chunky tomato soup you can imagine and the bright yellow, orange and red tomatoes just looked cheery.  Does that sound silly?  Probably.  I'm still giddy from this dinner; indulge me here.Justin had the wild boar shoulder for dinner, flavored with cumin, orange and currants, slow-cooked in wine and served with fragrant basmati rice.  The boar was topped with orange gremolata, if I'm not mistaken--a mixture of garlic, parsley and orange zest--and Justin was just blown away by the flavor combination.  He said it reminded him of a dinner we shared at Rick Bayless' Topolobampo in Chicago, which, if I had to guess, would probably be rated as his #1 dining experience in his 32 years, so this is really high praise for HWK.  It really was delicious.I had the chicken entree--a perfectly seasoned, crisp skinned, juicy breast and wing accompanied by arugula, bacon and these surprisingly amazing fingerling potatoes.  I was just shocked by how crisp (not burned; crisp) the outsides were and how creamy delicious the insides were.  The arugula gave them a nice nutty taste and the bacon added a nice saltiness to the dish.  I chose wisely.  And I about licked my plate clean.I was beyond full at this point in the meal and should've passed on dessert, but I was intrigued by the stone fruit dessert with orange cream.  To be fair, I couldn't eat much more of anything at all, but this was the only item of the night I wasn't head over heels in love with.  The fruit was poached, I believe, with some spices, giving it that Christmas-y, mulled wine sort of taste.  I know lots of people who love that, but it's not my favorite.  Maybe I should've tried the goat cheese tart with honey and pistachios, but I thought its richness might totally put me over the edge... Maybe next time. :)I enjoyed our server, who was knowledgeable, friendly and efficient, and I loved getting to chat with the owners, Josh and Cassie (who is also the chef).  They've done incredible work on the space and made it a unique, intimate place.  I absolutely cannot wait to head back for more fabulous food and support this new restaurant!
<review# 1003,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/19/2011,9/25/2011,25,86,2,6,4>I'm a little biased about Turkish food, because I dated a turk at Wash U who spoiled me with authentic meals often.  I knew that Aya Sofia was Americanized, because we went there together and he of course scoffed at the idea that it was food from his home country.  But I'm not Turkish (and we stopped dating a long time ago) so I figured I'd go again sans critical boys with unrealistic expectations about MY home city! I'm always impressed by any restaurant that offers so many veggie options that they earn their own section on the menu.  Aya Sofia is no different, offering several veggie appetizers and dips, as well as 3 different vegetarian entrees, 1 a pasta, and 2 eggplant dishes.  I ordered haydari, a yogurt dip with dill, mint, and garlic, and garnished with tomatoes, cukes, and kalamata olives, and served with warm pita bread.  Eh.  It was a bit bland for my taste, but ok.  It definitely needed a bit of salt to bring out the flavors.  Don't these people watch Top Chef?  A little salt and pepper go a loooong way!  It was a large portion though, as were all of the dips that my group ordered, which was nice because we were able to pass everything around.  Because of this, I was able to try the hummus, and the babaghanoush, a pureed eggplant dip with tahini and garlic, which was by far the most flavorful, and my fav.  And my sister ordered a hot appetizer, 4 fairly large philo dough "cigars" filled with dill and some type of cheese mixture, and accompanied by a tomato dipping sauce.  She was nice enough to share one with her little sis, and it was also deeeelish!  Definitely what I'd order next time.My entree was the sebzell musakka, a layered eggplant dish with potatoes and veggies, covered in cheese and tomato sauce, and baked.  It was served with a pearl couscous and green beans and carrots.  The musakka was good, though too heavy on roasted red peppers for my taste.  I really liked the couscous, though it was totally plain.  And the veggies were covered in some sort of seasoning, which tasted garlicky (YES), and therefore amazing.  They were a bit more crisp than al dente though, and could've used a bit more cooking time for my taste.They brought all of us a tiny little dessert on the house, a baklava.  I won't comment on the taste because I HATE baklava with a passion, but I mention it because it reflects how the service was all night.  Our server was amazing and funny and handled 20 people flawlessly.  When I packaged up my dip, they brought me a separate box with fresh pita to take home, which was really unexpected, because most places don't think of things like that unless asked.Overall, the service and the quality of food make this place worth the visit, despite my previous experiences with the turk and a few mehs based solely on my preferences.  It's really not that authentic (sorry)...but this is St. Louis!  I wouldn't expect provel cheese or toasted rav in Turkey!  It's good, so who cares?!
<review# 1004,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/4/2011,9/24/2011,361,578,4,5,4>It was a cold and dreary Friday afternoon. I woke up after three hours of sleep to have lunch with a friend. I mean... I came here with Travis S. I don't see why he didn't name me in his review. Isn't it nice for you, dear reader, to have some context? To know that we're commenting on the same experience? To have another perspective? So yes, below, in his 3/26/2011 review, his "friend" is me, Ingrid C. And yes, I guess I am a foodie. And by the way, I don't like the term foodie. Quick rundown:- Skip the fries- Crabcakes = meh- Travis' food was yum (especially the blackened catfish). As I didn't eat a lot of his jambalaya, I would say it tasted fine with the spicy fish. - Fried oysters were light (for fried anything). Crisp batter, not heavy. - I could eat the gumbo all day. - Really, skip the fries. A nice man who brought my food to the table told me that the oysters are super fresh because they're flown in consistently. I believed it. The oysters were very mild in flavor, and just oyster-y enough. I like restaurants that feel cozy like this; it reminds me of being at (insert ex-Caucasian-boyfriend's name here)'s aunt's or grandma's house. Except with spicy food. And in an old storefront with dingy carpet. I'll be back for blackened seafood of some sort, perhaps with Travis S.
<review# 1005,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/29/2011,9/23/2011,396,634,6,8,9>LOVED this place from the moment I set foot in it a few odd weeks ago.I recently just started a summer internship out in St. Charles (I live in STL city) and it's a long drive... but I have a lot of friends who live out that way, so I like to meet up with them after work on a Friday at Picasso's.I've only tried the Chai tea latte so far and a raspberry Italian soda. Both were pretty awesome.I had Eggs Benedict one Saturday morning too for the weekend brunch. I like the fact that they have the weekend brunch on BOTH Sat and Sun and that it lasts longer than usual breakfast times... sometimes I want eggs, dammit, and I don't want it to be at 7am either!! :PWhat I love most about this place is--you guessed it--the art! I fell in love with some paintings by local St. Charles artist Graham Smith. I called up his phone number they had listed on the mantel as soon as I knew I wanted to buy his artwork. I'm so glad I walked in here and I can't wait for more delicious brunch food and the next exhibit! :DThe furniture and interior is quite nice as well. It's a "hip" joint without being an over the top grungy hipster lair (like Black Bear Bakery on Cherokee in STL.) If you've been there, you'll know what I'm trying to say. The inside of Picasso's is actually clean. CLEAN. Despite some of the crowd looking pretty "hipster" (nothing wrong with that, though), the floors are clean, the tables are clean, and best of all, no goddamn smoking. (Well except for outside, in front, where it belongs!) I think they have music every so often but I haven't been long enough to hear it so I can't remark on what type of music it is or if it's any good or not. I'd imagine it's local artists and such though......Only lost 1 star due to bathroom....smells.... haha. For some reason it always stinks to high heaven in the ladies' room. Please, people, get some stronger air fresheners! xDAddendum: Since this review was posted, they did in fact get better air fresheners for the bathroom. :)
<review# 1006,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/26/2011,9/22/2011,220,464,2,9,5>Beautiful aesthetically, extremely well stocked bar and interesting menu plus great presentation was my lasting viewpoint.  ("The Tower" is the evil empire looking high-rise across from the Galleria).I was working inside the building & saw this place just opened.  Security guard told me I needed to check the place out.I walked in & sat at the black & grey stone bar top.  They also had a couple nice racks behind the bar- plus 30 (?) wines. With just 8 (?) drafts of beer... I was shocked with the range of selection.  Then I was given the selection of bottle beers ($3 craft beer Wednesday).  I had to look at the bar & must say- the alcohol selection was HUGE (presented as a "Martini Bar").The bar area had many high tops & large TVs, but behind the bar was rows of very cool red booths.  On the mezzanine was other nice, but standard tables & chairs.  The layout was just cool.I looked around and saw people enjoying some interesting looking dishes.  I ordered the $7.50 hummus w/ basil pesto, roasted red pepper & kalamata olive tapenade (late night menu was just appetizers & $13 flatbread pizzas).  I was happy (pic).Along with some more standard food was items like "truffle tator tots", "truffle fries", Mussels, "Voodoo Shrimp", "Big Ass Fish sandwich" and Coffee rubbed steak.I read that happy hour was M-F 4-7 with 1/2 price appetizers and $5 off the flatbread pizzas.  The drinks specials were just wells & Bud Light... I hope that changes, but standard prices were not bad.I talked to the friendly manager & she said they are still working on the format for the week.  This Monday was trivia night.  Music is just for background ambience is the overall philosophy.Wednesday  may be the night for me with $7 10 oz sirlion & roasted veggies & $3 craft beer.
<review# 1007,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/1/2011,9/21/2011,59,177,2,10,5>Finally made it here and bought two of the cold veggie subs, one for myself and one for the SO. We both enjoyed it quite a lot. It was a hefty sandwich especially considering it was of the herbivore variety. I liked that the owner sells so many St Louis products: Vess soda, bread from The Hill, cheesecake from The Hill, Gus's pretzels and Old Vienna potato chips. And offers the option of provel for the sandwiches. Woot!4 stars for all that. 5 stars because the owner gave me extra cheese for my veggie sub at no extra cost. All sub shops should do that for the veggie sandwich but not all do. We'll be back. (Sounds threatening, right?) It's nice to have a sub shop that has sandwiches with actual flavor unlike *coughjimmyjohnscough*.
<review# 1008,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/13/2011,9/20/2011,55,255,1,9,6>I went here with Yelp's International Supper Club -- the first time I attended such an event -- and had a good time.  It was nice meeting all of you in attendance.Service started out horribly...  I think they were overwhelmed with such a large table. The waiter simply vanished at the beginning, and had to be retrieved by a member of our dining party.  Then, he took half the drink orders and disappeared again.  And had to be retrieved again.After that, he picked up the pace, so I don't know what was wrong at the beginning.  Ah well, I was having a fine time, so I didn't mind waiting around a little bit.We ordered the mixed bread basket, which came with naan, garlic naan, and onion kulcha.  All were quite tasty, and they came with raita, which complimented them quite well.I ordered the alu gobi -- spiced potatoes and cauliflower -- and a level "4" spiciness out of "5".  The skeptical waiter apparently thought I couldn't handle a 4, because he talked me down to a 3.  I'm glad he did so, because at 3 the spiciness was just right without being overwhelming.  I tried a bite of Erin G's level 4 lamb vindaloo and am glad I didn't stick with the 4.Anyway, the food was good -- everyone seemed to enjoy what they got.  Other than the hitch at the beginning with the MIA waiter, I enjoyed the place a lot.
<review# 1009,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/6/2011,9/19/2011,54,81,3,6,7>"Honey? Do you feel like the Odd Couple, Chicago Overcoat or Symphony No. 19 tonight?"Was I picking out a new play to attend to? A favorite CD to turn on?Or was I reading the fabulous, WORLD'S BEST cocktail menu at Sanctuaria to my BF? If you chose B, you need to turn on 107.7 more often. If you chose C, you are correct sir! ding ding!Sanctuaria has a swanky, hip murkey vibe to the place. Great tapas to satiate your hunger pangs as well. Try the Jalapeno cornbread!If you're feeling really loyal, and thirsty, why not join the Cocktail club?
<review# 1010,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/2/2011,7/3/2012,384,258,,7,4>Stopped in on a Monday night since we were starving and this place sounded pretty good on Yelp.We rarely get to O'Fallon being from the city, but since we were out this way we wanted to try something new.  We were glad that we did!  The place is in a strip mall and really not too much to look at.  There are colorful signs out front advertising sales, and it's rather small inside w/ tables that have seen better days.  All of this was rather unimportant to us though since it was clean and we were greeted with sincere enthusiasm by Dan (not the owner Dan but another Dan...:))  Dan's been working there quite awhile and you can tell he really likes his job.We ordered the thinner crust sausage and mushroom pizza since we didn't have a lot of time.  They also have a Chicago style pizza but we'll have to get that next time. Since I was interested, Dan gave me a mini tour and showed me the stone ovens where they cook the pizzas.   That really helps the crust stay crunchy and wonderful.Our pizza came out pretty fast and it was  sooo yummy!!  It wasn't too thick or too thin, and lots of cheese! We will for sure be back next time we make it to O'Fallon and highly recommend them.  :)
<review# 1011,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/5/2011,7/2/2012,45,335,,7,4>We ended up eating lunch at Three Kings on the 4th of July after being misinformed by Dressel's that they were in fact open for lunch on the holiday. Well, it turned out ok because I had perhaps the best buffalo chicken wrap ever! Seriously, it was delicious and came with a pile of fries. Our server was really nice and out of the four people that were working the dining room, three of them checked on us throughout our meal. It seemed like they're really focused on getting everything right while they're still new.The menu is pretty diverse and has a lot of good options. Mostly pub fare like burgers, sammies, wraps, nachos, potato skins, etc, but they also have some fancier entrees. I tried a bite of my husband's chipotle burger and it was delicious. Lots of jalepenos, guacamole, chipotle mayo, and pepperjack cheese. All the burgers are 1/3 pound, which I hate! It seems the standard for the amount of meat that goes into a hamburger keeps going up and up. I probably won't be back here any time soon, just because I tend to avoid the Loop, but if you are in the area Three Kings is a good place to grab a bite.
<review# 1012,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/25/2011,7/1/2012,37,228,,8,6>AHH-MAH-ZING.  Honestly one of the best restaurants I've been to in St. Louis.  The bf's family had been here on Xmas last year when it first opened and had raved about it, and I finally had the opportunity to come with them for the bf's bday.1) Meatball with polenta fries (appetizer) - AWESOME.  The meatballs were cooked perfectly, the polenta fries were delicious, and the sauce was great!  I only wish the dish was bigger bc there wasn't enough to go around (but I guess that's ok since the rest of the food was great).2) House salad - nice and fresh.  Loved the dressing.3) Caprese salad - large portion!4) Pork chop - delicious!  No thanks to earlier stomach pains I opted for the 7oz instead of the 14 (I later regretted it when I realized that I would've gladly eaten more at the risk of getting sick again).  The accompanying broccolini and roasted potatoes were also delicious!  I really hate when you get sides that haven't gotten any attn and taste like they had been sitting around waiting for entrees...not this place!5) Lamb chops - perfectly cooked.6) Halibut (special) - yumm!7) Chicken with eggplant and mozzarella (special) - yumm!Since it was the bf's bday, a complimentary penna cotta was brought to the table and it was also delicious.Service was great, and I personally love the decor (the bf's not as big of a fan).  I guess it's a little on the feminine side with the all white decor, crystal chandliers, and large white mirrors framed with crystals - what can I say...it's my room come true!Def make reservations - this place was packed and it's not very big!
<review# 1013,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/30/2011,6/30/2012,25,86,3,8,3>I hadn't been to this place since an awkward "before the dance" meal in high school, when we were the youngest people in the place...by like 50 years.  The decor was also REALLY outdated, and I'm NOT a fan of that.  But I heard that they had a new chef, a new concept, and some new furniture, so I felt ready to give it another chance.  Anything seems better out of high school. no?So my date and I arrived on a Saturday night around 7, pre-movie at Frontenac, and we were STILL the youngest people in the place...but probably only by 30 years this time.  This is probably what made our waitress card us hard core for our wine.  That's ok.  I'm 27 and he's 29-we take it as a compliment.We ordered the Housemade Burrata Cheese to start, with crostini, as well as a Beet Salad that came with greens, pistachios, and caciocavallo (a special kind of cheese).  Both were beautifully presented and really tasty, as was the very obviously housemade mini loaf of bread that they served us, and refilled once!For our entrees, I ordered the Saffron Fregola (kind of like a large israeli couscous, but more of a pasta), with olives, raisins, pine nuts, and tomatoes, and he ordered the Beef Flat Iron, with blue cheese and onions.  Again, the presentation was impeccable, but I wasn't overwhelmed by my dish.  It was ok, but nothing to rave about.  However, the ingredients were fresh, and I appreciated the concept.  Should've gone for the Agnolotti though.  Luckily we also ordered sides of polenta and cabbage.  The polenta was more like cornbread and again. not what I was expecting.  But to be fair, they said it was baked...an oversight on my part.  But the cabbage was delish, and even though my date ordered it, he was busy with his steak, so I ate most of it, after my Fregola was gone.  Yeah...still ate every bite of that too.Overall, I'd say that this place has improved leaps and bounds from what it used to be.  The service was perfect, and while every dish wasn't the best thing I've ever had, most dishes were really yummy, and worth going back for another try, with better ordering on my part.  And hey, if I wait another 10 years, I'll probably still be the youngest one in the place!
<review# 1014,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/19/2011,6/29/2012,91,379,1,16,5>This place is nearby my house and work so I knew it just from driving by and my daughter suggested we go here and it was a good choice.  They are right next door to Oberweiss in front of Target on Manchester.  We happened in on happy hour time and they have great prices on their rolls and some small plates so we took advantage of that.  We tried the salmon avocado roll, shrimp tempura roll, fried philly roll (probably my favorite, I like warm crunchy rolls), spicy tuna roll (and it was spicy) and the crunchy roll (I also really liked this one).  There were 3 of us btw.  :)All were very well made, fresh and presented nicely.  Also had was the crab rangoon, which came as small bites rather than the larger gushy ones we all are used to but be careful, they may not be hot on the outside but yes they are on the inside.  Sake we tried was pretty decent also but I only sipped a bit.Excellent service, nice space, only open about 6 weeks.  Check them out.  Open to 10:30 on Fridays and Saturdays, 9:30 during the week, closed on Sunday.  I don't remember what happy hour times are.  Opens at 4pm, lunch times 11 - 2.
<review# 1015,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/10/2011,6/28/2012,156,121,5,10,9>Review #100 wooooooo. Saved it for one of the best experiences I've had in Saint Louis as of yet. Let's be honest here, I love meat. I love meat so much, I wouldn't give the last slice of bacon at a Sunday breakfast to my own mother.With that being out in the open, I absolutely love Sunday Vegan brunches at Black Bear.With homemade bread goodies, amazing indian curries, super good pancakes, homemade fruit sauce to put over it, medleys of vegetables, fresh fruit, and salads... what more could you ask for? It's all amazingly seasoned and fresh, and one time I went they even had really yummy sushi. The staff there is always super nice, and really appreciate feedback on the dishes. I'm often asked if I'm enjoying a particular dish if they're trying something new out, and the answer is always that it's fantastic.I have also partaken in the Vegetarian brunch which happens on Saturdays, and for some reason I'm leaning more towards the Vegan option on Sunday. It's just so delicious.If you're in the mood for a meat and animal product free brunch extravaganza by people who obviously care about the food they're making, and making the neighborhood and city a better place, you better go.But make sure you save me some pancakes.
<review# 1016,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/14/2011,6/27/2012,51,573,3,9,5>Andrew T came home to St Louis for a week and we started off with dinner at Da Baldo's to utilize another social dining coupon.  We also had heard from a friend of Aunt Annie that this was a great place.  So here we go...This is old school Italian.  The décor is probably 30-40 years old.  The clientele are mostly over 60.  I get the feeling it has a loyal following of regulars from close by.  The food is solid, the real thing without trying to be trendy or fru-fru.  It is on Hampton, so not in what you would think of as the center of The Hill restaurants.We started with good calamari, tender, lightly breaded and properly fried.  They are served without the ubiquitous red sauce.  We did add a squeeze of lemon.  The stuffed mushrooms were a real hit, with good herbal flavors, delicious.Andrew ordered what turned out to be the best of three good entrees.  It was Veal Cavour.  The veal was lightly coated and pan-fried crisp.  The sauce on it was delicious and complimented the veal as well as the properly proportioned mozzarella and prosciutto on top.  The sauce was sherry based, which really came through and was flavored with shitake mushrooms.  I would order this next time.  Ms T selected Chicken Pinot Grigio, which while not as impressively rich and flavorful as the veal, was still very good and worth a try for someone looking past pasta and who does not like to eat the baby veal calves when they could be running free in the fields.  I, for once in my life, ordered spaghetti and meat balls.  I never do this, but my friend, Mr. D has been told at least twice that it is often one of the best things and I was hungry for pasta.  I must say it was quite good.  The sauce was a light, clean simple tomato sauce not cooked for days and turned into jam.  Finally a sauce in St Louis that was not sweet!  I was beginning to wonder about that.  The meat balls were large and light, clearly with veal content.  They were well seasoned and I enjoyed it all even more the next day when I had my leftovers for lunch.We were not disappointed by Da Baldo's and will surely eventually be back.  I would rate it close to Lorenzo's but much more traditional.
<review# 1017,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/20/2011,6/26/2012,44,267,1,8,8>I LOVE BEER and Urban Chestnut is my new mistress. They have two series of beers to fulfill all of your desires. The "Revolution" series is UCBC's take on American craft brew. The "Reverence" series beers are traditional European style beers. I love both! Their STLIPA is probably one of the best IPAs I've had. The staff is always friendly and very, very knowledgeable of their product. In addition, they give a portion of their profits to local charities. It makes me feel like I'm making a difference one beer at a time.The only downside I've found is I wish their food menu was a little more expansive.  Don't get me wrong, their pretzels and bratwurst are awesome but I think a little more variety would suit them well.On top of all this, they sell kegs and growlers which is an absolute plus in my book since I have what they call a bit of an alcohol problem.
<review# 1018,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/9/2012,6/25/2012,513,774,2,8,6>The Egg and I go hand and hand like Peas and Carrots. I love Eggs. I eat eggs almost daily. And I am very picky how I like my eggs. I went here with co-workers and I took pictures of our food. I was also able to try all their dishes and there wasn't a bad thing there. And 6 different Egg Benedicts? Oh Egg and I. You have my heart. I will be back for many, many more cups of Brasilian coffee. The servers were a little slower than I usually like, but it was their 2nd day. You got to give them a break. I did meet the manager, Cathy. She's such a doll.Beginner, I would start with the Cambridge Skillet: Diced ham, bacon and hollandaise sauce on a bed of ranch potatoes with melted cheese and two eggs any style. Served with an English muffin. It was beyond amazing.
<review# 1019,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/5/2011,6/24/2012,38,140,,6,6>WOW.  I haven't been this excited and impressed with a restaurant in a long time.  No Menu Monday? $30 for a 3 course meal, plus $12 for 3 paired wines? The chef even adds the challenge of making sure everyone gets a unique dish? Right up the alley of this amateur foodie.  There are 4 questions on the pre-dinner survey (all optional questions except for "allergies/restrictions"), the one my 4 friends and I had the most fun coming up with was "if the chef was a genie, what would she make?"Our answers: roasted marrow bones (me)nonepasta dish not cream or tomato basedsea urchinone i don't rememberWhat we got (in the same order of answers above): Appetizers  -short rib rillete (score!)  -pesto lamb skewers with pea shoots  -open faced breakfast egg sandwich   -mussels in a schlaflys based sauce  -yellow watermelon with feta and pea shootsEntrees:  -grilled hen and asparagus over risotto  -bison steak  -seafood pasta with no  tomato or cream  -new york strip  -blackened spicy porkDessert:  -fresh berries in limoncello  -chocolate fondue-like with salt/ grilled bread and strawberries  -peach and ricotta crepes  -berries in custard  -shorbread and lemon curdThe wines that were paired with each course came with origin and description from the sommelier, along with what kind of foods they paired with, prior to each course-generating a lot of anticipation and really enhancing the meal.The chef came out after the meal and took us through a little bit about what goes on back there.  She loves people that'll say they'll eat anything, and lots of dishes won't be seen again.  There's a list of different appetizers/entrees/desserts, but for larger groups, she'll actually plan the meal for that group days in advance to avoid repeating a dish!  She also says it starts to get a little hectic after 8pm, so make a reservation for before then!A thoroughly exciting and dynamic dining experience.  Service was friendly and not annoying; food was incredible and we all walked out stuffed, but then, we did all say, "yes, please" to the last question on the survey, "when I say belly, you say..."
<review# 1020,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/4/2010,6/24/2010,128,33,3,16,9>Recently featured on Man vs. Food - I drove 30+ mins from the West County to check out this popular place.  Me and another food enthusiast arrived around 7PM on a Fri night, so we had to wait about 30mins before a table opened up.   But we spent our entire waiting time to  decide on what to order.   Let's just say that since their menu was filled with innovative and out of the box items, this research time was needed.So here's our verdict after ordering ~$60 worth of food between the two of us:We are definitely coming back again and again to try all of their unique smaller items (other double dogs, sammiches, and sides) instead of ordering big items like Prime Rib, Roasted chicken and such. We ordered:1) Prime Rib - flavorful and respectable, but I wouldn't say that it was the best that I had.2) Zarzeula - again good, but not the best Seafood stew that I had. 3) Monte Cristo Double Dog  - now this was absolutely fabulous. Being a Chicago native, I do have a high standard of a dog.  But this double dog still has me drooling. This awesome creation was made of two double franks, topped with melted cheese, and served with a generous amount of strawberry jelly.  It offered a perfect combination of salty & sweet flavor!I am planning to go back in a week, so more reviews on their items will be posted!
<review# 1021,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/15/2010,6/23/2010,53,95,3,7,3>My wife and I absolutely love the team at Park Place Dental. I once worked in Belleville and chose this dentist after a recommendation of a co-worker (and their location in the same office park). Since 2005, we have really enjoyed the experience.For someone who feared the dentist as a kid (or did we all have those nightmares?) Dr Shelton and his staffs' chair-side manners make something that isn't exactly enjoyable, relaxing. The knowledgeable staff, from the hygienists to the receptionists, always make you feel comfortable. They offer all the latest dental services and use the most state-of-the-art technology. Fillings take minutes. They accept most insurances. Very family friendly. Kids will enjoy the game room in the lobby!Their new location in Shiloh is very inviting and warm. While I no longer work in Belleville, we make the 20 mile drive from St Louis just because we love Dr Shelton and his team.
<review# 1022,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/27/2010,6/22/2010,63,150,,4,3>My spring in St. Louis only lasts for a month, five weeks, really.  There are some restaurants that I *have to visit while I'm here.  Frazer's is one of them.  And last night was the night.  The occasion?  A successful mid-year review for a friend.  The night?  One of the stormiest in STL since I've been home - and a downed tree for the aforementioned friend.  We started celebrating with a house-warming bottle of wine after a three-day move; I'd say we arrived Frazer's by 8?  Wednesday night, no wait.  We were greeted immediately, seated promptly, and presented with menus.  Their leather chairs are unusual and can be uncomfortable or perfect; we had to swap out our original set for the pair at the adjacent table.  Wednesday nights bring prix fixe: 3 or 4 courses as you please.  My dining companion mixed & matched the 3-course; I ordered off the specials board.  The prix fixe is a value, but the entrees this evening just weren't to my taste.  Peter started with a massive wedge of a runny brie-ish French cheese, served with something like a crispy unleavened flour bread, thin-sliced apples, and strawberry.  Awesome cheese.  Massive portion, plenty for two people, too much for only one.  His avocado chicken entree was a lot of food, heaps of avo, but only a B for presentation in my book.  Fun jicama salad, though; I sampled.  And for dessert it was a variation on an apple (fruit?) crisp, forgive me for forgetting the menu names of the items.  Again, gargantuan portion for one person and really even more than enough for the two of us, but it was served hot with a dollop of whipped cream and was absolutely luscious.  Better than any of his trio, though, I have to say, was my pork tenderloin.  There were so many items on the menu that I wanted to try - the Thai lettuce wraps, the chorizo-stuffed dates - I had to invoke self-control to resist the gluttonous impluses brought on by the specials board.  I asked the server whether to go for the Moroccan tilapia, which I know and love, or the roasted pork tenderloin.  On her enthusiastic recommendation I ordered the latter, and wow, so satisfied.  Pork tenderloin, topped with white wine shallot reduction and garlic confit, served with sweet potatoe fries and sauteed spinach.  Spinach was awesome!  Pork was awesome!  Tender, moist, great flavor.  Sweet potato fries - these are on the menu EVERYWHERE this summer, but Frazer's does a better job that most with a rather ordinary tuber.  Beverages were a glass of sweet Riesling for him and the Peirano Petite Sirah for me.  Loved it, soft and supple - I'd order a bottle.  I think they have a great wine list and can always find something fun and tasty to try.  Final thoughts:  1) Smoking is allowed in the bar.  I never even caught a whiff of it in the dining room, and I'm super-sensitive to cigarette exhaust.  2) It gets noisy.  Full, the main room is loud.  Even if the only other table is an exuberant group of 10 celebrating a birthday, it is still noisy.  3) Our server criticized one of the menu items.  While I suppose I ought to appreciate her frankness, I found it inappropriate.  Subtleness would have been more classy.  That said, she was attentive.  Love Frazer's.  You will, too.
<review# 1023,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/9/2010,6/21/2010,41,76,1,7,6>My first tattoo experience was a really good one. Whew! After hearing many friends tell stories of  tattoo artists (in general) who tend to be  cocky and jerky and ruining their first experience at getting a tattoo, I tried to do my research first. I didn't want to feel like a piece of cattle, walking in- getting inked and shoved back out the door. I'm very glad I picked All Star because I experienced NONE of that. I wouldn't say I bonded with anyone there- but the girl behind the counter was friendly and didn't give any bad vibes. I came in an entire month in advance with some ideas- and Rob ended up helping me out. I explained everything I wanted and set my appointment a month later (I doubt that he was booked that far in advance, I just wanted it the next month). I paid the $20 deposit for an appointment and left him with my ideas & printouts for him to sketch up. I came back one week prior to my appt with some more artwork to further tweak the design and he seemed cool with it.When I went to my appointment, I was worried I might not like what he'd sketched - but I loved it. Everything else went smoothly. He didn't seem to mind I had 4 friends staring down at him working, and he promised to let us know if it bothered him. He was rather quiet during the 2 hours, but still seemed concerned with my comfort level. He seemed like a really nice guy. So yay! Good experience and a gorgeous tattoo! I've joined the club now ;)
<review# 1024,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,3/1/2010,6/20/2010,63,198,5,8,4>If you are looking for a lunch spot that is classier than Cracker Barrel and a step down from Dean & Deluca, Winslow's Home is for you. Actually, in all honesty, I haven't ever been to a Cracker Barrel, but the set up is what I would imagine one to be. I like this place - My breakfast sandwich was a little too egg-y, but had potential. They were sold out of the french toast options. The space itself could do with a little more cleaning, a few more tables, a few less trinkets, but overall, it's really pretty cute. I look forward to coming back in the spring and basking in the sun.
<review# 1025,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/5/2010,6/19/2010,53,156,6,4,1>Ok, I came back and it *was* for the coffee.  I was in the area and wanted coffee.  My GPS said Kaldi's.  I almost always obey my GPS; sometimes I think I know better.Anyway, this time the coffee was pretty good.  I had to upgrade them to four.
<review# 1026,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/11/2010,6/18/2010,72,204,3,4,3>This was my first experience at the Bleeding Deacon, and I can definitely say I'd be back. My husband and I arrived around 6:15 to meet 2 other friends and to my surprise, it wasn't crowded at all! After we sat down, my friend turned to me and said, "Seriously, I already love this place!" I consider us both foodies to a certain extent, so I got excited. The decor was fun, the menus were made from old record albums, and the juke box was awesome. Definitely what I'd consider a "dive bar" but not in the dirty, unkempt way. We were all shocked at how extensive the menu was because we figured it would only be burgers and fries. We started with the hummus which was really tasty, and I had the plowman's grilled cheese. I have to admit, I knocked down a star because of my food. It was on regular old bread and there wasn't much cheese to enjoy. It also wasn't really "grilled." It was like they put the ingredients on the bread and perhaps put it in the microwave? It wasn't awful or even that un-enjoyable, but it surely wasn't what I expected. My friend had the asiago chicken on mac and cheese, so I tried that, and it tasted just a little bland. Luckily, there were about 5 other things on the menu I would have jumped at, so I know we'll be back. It would be worth coming back for the cocktails and drinks alone because the prices were right and they had quite the bar selection!
<review# 1027,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/16/2010,6/17/2010,26,116,2,6,3>Pi , in it's usual style, does it right again with the opening of their new coffee bar.While you were all sleeping, Pi quietly opened what is certain to become a CWE favorite, serving up the best coffee in the area. Chris Sommers, again brought in only the best ingredients to create this caffeine hamlet. The Coffee bar serves locally roasted Goshen Coffee and fresh 222 Artisan Bakery goodness every day.Alex, the Barista extraordinaire trained in the Pacific Northwest. He knows what he's doing and is a real stickler for perfection. He's like Ernest and Julio Gallo, with a mantra something like "I will serve no cafe before it's time!" You gotta love when people, no matter what they do, are passionate and a little obsessive about what they do. Nice work Pi. I'll be hay sippin lattes in the hood for the foreseeable future!(By the way opening Pi in the 3-1-4 and on Euclidean St is very clever!)
<review# 1028,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/19/2010,6/16/2010,11,83,,4,3>I would give GOTR more stars if I could!GOTR is a program that is designed for girls in 3rd through 8th grade. Their mission is "to educate and prepare girls for a lifetime of self-respect and healthy living." And they do just that!This program is fabulous!My daughter does not enjoy running, but thought the program would be fun. She LOVED this program. The volunteers who run it are amazing.I sat in to watch a few practices and was thoroughly impressed by what they teach and share with the girls. I watched during these practices as these girls gained confidence and strength. They made new friends and strengthened their existing friendships.If your daughter's school offers this program, I urge you to look into your daughter becoming involved! And if your daughter's school doesn't have a program, I would look into getting one. It really is a great program!
<review# 1029,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/29/2010,6/15/2010,10,46,,6,7>I just had to write a review because of a great experience I had the other day...     I've worked downtown for the past (almost) 4 years now...and boy, even in those 4 years the area has progressed so much. It's been a treat watching downtown come along so well. Sure, there still may be a ton of problems, but let's focus on the positives, shall we? Case and point, my Tuesday lunch hour. I headed down Olive for two reasons: 1) go to the Library to pick up Kenny Shopsin's book, 'Eat Me.' Read this book. 2) Go to Culinaria (right across the street from library) to pick up some items for dinner (I made gnocchi from SCRATCH, ya'll!), thus saving me a stop on the way home.      Let me just say...MISSION ACCOMPLISHED. Now, this may seem like a small thing to some, but to me it was huge. The Central Express Library had my book and Culinaria had everything I needed. They had the potatoes, grape tomatoes, capers, an apple (which by the way was the best apple ever! Who's ever heard of the 'Jazz' variety?? Not me), and fresh basil (still hoping that they will get herbs in bunches and not in packages...please do that, grocery stores!) I got everything I needed and it was quick...and it saved me from stopping on the way home. What's more, they offer free parking in the attached garage. I of course didn't have to utilize this on this trip, as I walked, but I have used it after work on my way home. Super convenient.      Leaving the store with my groceries and book, I felt good. I felt optomisitc for St. Louis. This is what a downtown should be...conveniences, immenities...being able to walk somewhere and get your groceries and books. Things are looking up St. Louis! Side Note: It may seem like Culinaria was a beast and drove other businesses out for the sake of opening, but that's not really the case. In fact, I think I've seen businesses around there actually do better since they've opened (San Sai, Planet Sub, Lebebees, City Gourmet, etc.). I've heard nothing but good from them (for the most part), they are NOT Wal-Mart. Embrace the change.
<review# 1030,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/11/2014,8/2/2014,148,364,2,4,5>The sandwiches and salad's at Snarf's are pretty great. I have not been disappointed by an order yet. When my family was in town we were looking for something light to eat. My dad and I love sandwiches so I was quickly able to suggest getting one...the questions was, where should be go? They were staying downtown at the Hilton so when I started thinking about where to go Snarf's stood out as a quick spot to get us exactly what we needed. We arrived around 7:30 on a Thursday night and were greeted right away. Since my parents hadn't been before they were reviewing the menu and trying to make a decision on what to get. The cashier made a few suggestions and seemed to be very polite while decisions were being made. It was actually cold that night so I remember my dad ordered the half soup and half sandwich combo. The soup that night was chicken noodle. My mom ordered a salad and I, of course, went with a turkey sandwich. I forgot about all the toppings included so I made the mistake of saying everything (little did I realize peppers would be included). Oh well. When I got my sandwich I just scraped them off and continued eating. Our food was out fairly quickly and both my parents seemed to be pleased with their meals. I know it wasn't the fanciest of places, but it did the job. We filled out stomachs and made our way back to the hotel for some R&R. Overall, the service was good and the food was just right.
<review# 1031,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/8/2014,8/1/2014,60,293,1,6,6>Start your review...Fuzzy's is one of my guilty indulgences when it comes to Tex Mex fare.  You order from the counter, find a table and wait for your order to be called.  This is a fairly quick and easy process.  This is also a place where I've found something that I liked right off the bat and I've not explored the menu very much.    I normally go with the chicken nachos and am so stuffed by the end I don't know what to do with myself.  I just can't stop eating until I've finished the whole plate, and believe me these bad boys are meant to be shared.  I have tried their tacos and they are pretty good as well.  The atmosphere is inviting and friendly and I have always had a good time here.  They regularly host trivia nights and the place is packed for these. If you are looking for a quick fix for that Tex Mex craving you have, Fuzzy's is a great place to go.
<review# 1032,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/13/2014,7/31/2014,50,140,1,7,3>File this under "you get what you pay for".  Yes, $57 is a bit decadent for brunch for two (with an iced mocha bumping the price up a little) but holy begeezus was the food good!  And the atmosphere is beautiful and relaxing being in Tower Grove Park near the lily ponds.Every single item I tried was well prepared and had great flavor.  Standouts were the orzo salad, beef medallions, and the waffles.  The waffles are made in front of you, then you dress them with fresh berries, butter and syrup.  I chose raspberries... om nom nom.  The beef was tender and tasty with a green chimichuri sauce on a bed of rice pilaf.  The orzo salad was so good it graced all three of my plates.There are four tables to choose from, cold salads, hot foods, desserts, and the waffle/omelet bar.  Looked like a lot of options on the omelet bar but I skipped it as I'm not a big omelet fan.  I ended up having three plates and a nice walk through the park after.This isn't something I'd do every weekend but as a splurge or a special occasion you can't beat it!  Reservations recommended.
<review# 1033,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/22/2014,7/30/2014,18,132,1,4,3>Absolutely outstanding experience!  1st visit yesterday.  Loved the layout and the atmosphere.  My close friend and I visited for her Birthday.  We started with the Lux Wine tasting and while I'm not a huge fan of reds, I still enjoyed them as much as the whites.  My favorite wine, the Riesling!  We enjoyed lunch here.  We both started with the Crab & Lobster Bisque.  The soup was filled with chunks of crab and lobster meat!   By far the chunkiest I've had; very good flavor.  My friend had the Pistachio-Crusted Grouper and I had the Fish and Chips.  The herb tarter that was served with the fish, in my opinion, enhanced the flavor.  We both enjoyed our dishes.  Sooo many desserts to choose from, so we each ordered something different so we could try and have a mini tasting.  I ordered the Banoffee Pie (Banana Toffee Pie) and she ordered the Chocolate Pretzel Bread Pudding.  We liked them both, but the bread pudding was very heavy, the Banoffee pie was our fav in this visit.  From the tasting, hostess and waitress, all of the service was awesome! My friend went ahead and signed up for the wine club, I'm gonna decide by my next visit...and there will be many!
<review# 1034,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/5/2014,7/29/2014,11,128,3,5,7>OK. So, we see why this place is a legend. Absolutely outstanding sandwiches at reasonable prices in a friendly neighborhood gem of a restaurant. The owners can often be found at the register making sure you get the perfect and most flavorful food and at great prices. The ONLY things you could ever complain about are a) long lines... but they move fast, and b) full seating, so you may need to wait a bit or get it to go. BUT, BLUES CITY is well-worth the wait and search for a parking spot. Wish they had more locations, but you may never get one as good at this gem. Very good food, casual and a real value. A+. PS. Sometimes has bands on weekend nights... which amazes me, because they would be packed without music... so I guess they want to just make everyone happy all the time.
<review# 1035,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/25/2014,7/28/2014,100,105,5,7,5>I have a feeling that I'm going to be dropping a fair amount of money at Athlete Eats.  It's all gluten free, delicious,  mostly local & organic, and it's a few blocks from where I live.  All in all..I'm screwed (happily).  You're not going to get away with fast food prices with the quality of ingredients they utilize and I'm ok with that.So far I've tried the citrus/watermelon juice, the dank green juice, the blueberry spinach smoothie, the buff elvis smoothie, the gingerbread waffle, and the egg sandwich.  All of them were pretty darn fab.  I highly recommend the waffle if you have a sweet tooth in the morning.  Highly spiced gingerbread with sweet marmalade, candied nuts and frozen dollops of peach yogurt.  Freaking delicious!!All of that with french press coffee and super nice folks at the counter mean I'll happily be heading here on the regular.
<review# 1036,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/28/2014,7/27/2014,303,150,,8,4>Sauce me!  Oh my goodness, they have five BBQ sauces on the warm ready. If you are vegetarian and want BBQ, this is the place for you. The 1/2 smoked tofu is simply a half-pound of smoked tofu and the full order a full-pound.  I recommend stuffing the tofu into your toasted bread and topping it with vegetarian beans and lots of bbq sauce. To die for! The green beans are good, but a little peppery.  Strawberry soda and coloring mats has the kids vote here.BYOB... seriously, you can bring a cooler full if you want.
<review# 1037,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/27/2014,7/26/2014,39,125,2,7,6>I enjoyed a wonderful dinner here with a friend from London and my mom and had a wonderful time. We called early in the day for a reservation at 5:30 but when we arrived they couldn't locate it. No problem. The place was not crowded when we arrived and we were promptly seated. When we left the place was full. I would suggest making reservations as I imagine on the weekend it is packed.Our waiter was very professional and helpful with recommendations. Our first wine selection couldn't be located but the recommended substitute was excellent.The fresh, warm bread we started out with was very good. We shared the toasted raviolis and the mushrooms with polenta. Both were excellent. I would say these are some of the best toasted raviolis around.  It's very easy to tell they were never frozen. I ordered the "Hay and Straw" and loved it. I even had leftovers which is a rare event. The other two dining partners loved their meals as well.I will come back here again when looking for a great Italian meal in a classy setting.
<review# 1038,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/31/2014,7/25/2014,69,433,3,5,3>My husband requested a brunch for his birthday meal and I had found out that Vin De Set had one of the best.Thanks to OpenTable, I was able to secure a Sunday AM spot.It is located in Lafayette Park, the same building at Moulin & PW Pizza.  Great location with great views of the city and surrounding areas.We were greeted immediately and seated immediately on the patio.  Our mimosas quickly arrived and we were personally walked to the buffet area and each dish was explained in details to us.  We were then left to explore all the food options and were in brunch heaven.Because I had used OpenTable, I was able to tell Vin De Set that we were there celebrating his birthday without him knowing.  Before I knew it, they brought out red velvet ice cream with a candle for him to enjoy before we left.  It was a nice added touch to an already great meal.We will definitely be back to try their other menu offerings.  Thank you for a great experience!
<review# 1039,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/27/2014,7/24/2014,3,98,5,6,4>This is a wonderful little gallery with 3 floors of exhibits and an awesome gift shop. The staff are cheerful and informative and the best aspect is all of the wonderful events they regularly put on. My favorite is the monthly music series. Come here on usually the 4th Wednesday of the month for an incredible, intimate little chamber concert. They have a wide variety of musical guests come in, everything from soul singing to post-modern music to classical trios. And on these nights, for just 5-10 dollars, you get free valet parking, a drink ticket, and swanky hors d'oeuvres! It's a wonderful place.
<review# 1040,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/27/2011,2/20/2012,25,86,5,6,6>I never shop at Straub's for basic groceries, because they are more expensive than some of the bigger grocery stores, but I'm here at least a few times a week in search of freshly prepared items at the deli counter.  The sour cream potato salad, egg salad, orzo, and greek pasta salad are just a few of my favs, as well as the dips, like the dill dip and the artichoke dip.  Sometimes when I run out of chips and have dip left, I eat it plain.  Seriously, it's THAT good.But here's the thing that I usually come in for...soup.  The women at the deli counter think that it's ALL that I eat!  Some days, there are 3 vegetarian options, and some days, zero, so it's kind of hit or miss.  No soup for me!  But on the days with 3 veggie options, my day seems that much brighter.  They have soup on the hot bar (6-8 kinds), and some pre-packaged 32 ounce containers in the refrigerated case by the deli as well.  So if they don't have what you want on the hot bar, you can sometimes find it in the case.  And usually when I can't find a single vegetarian soup both places, I ask, and sometimes they find some in the back and package it up just for me!  Some of my favorite soups are the tomato bisque (thick and creamy, with cheese tortellini), the cream of vegetable (with carrots, green beans, mushrooms, red peppers, and potatoes), the vegetable barley (I LOVE barley!!!), the mushroom bisque (semi thick with pureed mushrooms), and the potato leek.  But they have several other non veggie soups as well, like chili, chicken noodle, and split pea (I don't know if anyone actually eats that, but it's all I can come up with right now).   True, Straub's is right around the corner from my house, but it's more than just a convenience.  I get great soup, great service...and oh yeah, one more thing.  The big deli pickles (which btw, are cheaper than at Schnuck's)!  Um...the women at the deli counter know that I eat those too.
<review# 1041,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/28/2011,2/19/2012,54,382,,8,5>I'm always a big fan of Red Mango -- any city, any state, or even any country! It's just THAT good!Finally checked out the brand new Red Mango in STL. It's just like all the other ones -- all the usual flavors, including my favorites: the original flavor and the pomegranate flavor. And complete with all the usual toppings, also including my go-tos: granola, mini dark choco chips, bananas, strawberries (fresh! even in the dead of winter!), and almonds. At 45 cents per ounce, I still think it's the best money I've ever spent. Best yogurt in STL hands-down. Nothing beats that creamy tartiness I expect from yogurt -- and with their mini dark choco chips that I've never seen at any other yogurt place, Red Mango just can't be beat! Do yourselves a favor and check it out -- it'll be the best 45 cents per ounce you'll ever spend!
<review# 1042,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/12/2011,2/18/2012,72,204,,5,5>I can't stand beer. So, right now, you're probably asking yourself how in the world I could give an establishment that ONLY sells beer 4 whole stars? First of all, my husband LOVES beer and really enjoyed this place. I mostly just came along for the ride....and the designated driver thing. When I walked in, though, I really loved the building. It has huge windows and the building is all brick, giving it a really cool industrial feel, but, inviting. The group I was with proceeded to head to the bar and get flights, samples, and glasses of beer, none of which I was remotely interested in. When the bartender asked if I'd been helped, I replied with, "No, thank you, I'm not into beer." He looked at me skeptically and said, "Are you sure?" Knowing with that question, my mind hadn't been changed, I just politely replied, "I don't like beer, but thanks." For him, this was now a challenge. He came over and started asking what I like to drink. I told him I really only drank fruity or sweet wines and girlie cocktails, so it was useless. He lifted an eyebrow, started pouring some beer and came over to me. He set down some sort of raspberry....beer, I'm sure it was a lager, or hefeweizen or stout, but I'm completely ignorant of the vocabulary of beer. Anyway, he set it down, assured I would enjoy it.  Big shocker..... I didn't. Everyone at the table laughed and after he came back to inquire about my opinion, I sheepishly told him it was a no-go. Still determined to find something I'd like, asked if I like chocolate. Uhhhh YES!This time, he came back with a coffee/chocolate something or other and still, it tastes like gross beer to me. Sorry, man, I don't like beer. Experiment fail. However, this did leave me with a superb impression of the brewery. Granted, they were just trying to lure in another potential customer, I felt very "tended" to and thought the bartenders went above and beyond what they needed to in order to satisfy me. I won't go back to drink the beer, but I would gladly accompany any of my friends or family and sip some water while they enjoy their beverages.
<review# 1043,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/7/2011,2/17/2012,56,220,2,5,3>I have loved Serendipity since Yelp introduced me to them.  It is worth the drive from North County!  The best gooey butter cake ice cream, EVER.I was excited this last time, to partake in my free scoop of ice cream that was offered when I checked in on my phone.  Or should I say, my dog was excited that he got some free ice cream.  :o)I wish I could try all of the flavors, but I can't leave without ordering the gooey butter cake, so that's going to slow me down a bit. Can't wait for the dog friendly favors later this year!
<review# 1044,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/7/2011,2/16/2012,9,12,2,7,4>I'm not sure if it's just that all these other reviewers went a long time ago, but I've lived in Edwardsville since before 54th Street came to town and I didn't go until about a year after it opened. Why? Because I would drive by at 3:00pm in the middle of the week and there would be people waiting outside. Any time someone mentioned going, they all said the same thing, "it's good food but expect to wait at least a half hour to an hour." That may be fine by some people, but generally, I don't like waiting outside for an hour just to be seated at a "Bar and Grill." That being said, I live here and I've personally gone to this establishment at least twenty times. Yes, at least. We even had my boyfriend's birthday party there. (The only negative w/the party there is someone had to show up to reserve all the seating and when they mentioned the party to the server, she was not informed by the manager I had spoken with earlier that day)The rundown: good food at good prices,  always packed but even so I've never waited longer than 15-20 minutes to be seated, service has ALWAYS been good- I have no clue what you other people are talking about, plenty of alcoholic beverages should you choose to drink. Try the gringo dip and waffle fries-that's what they're known for and they are awesome.Two ways to save: all appetizers except for the sample platter are $4.50 each between 3-6 and after 9pm during the week. Some of them are regularly $9/each so it's a nice way to try a few w/o hurting your wallet-but be warned, they are generous portions. Second, is the money mailer that's sent out in the mail once a month that includes coups to several establishments in the area. 54th Street always has a 20% off coup in the money mailer and pretty much everyone I know uses it when they go. Even if you're with parties at your table, the coup covers everyone's meal-regardless of how many checks it's being split into. Personal favorites: the 9oz steak and potato are great, as is the chicken strip appetizer with fries. I also enjoy the potato soup here (it's some of the best I've ever had) as well as great salads. Again, try the gringo dip-but with waffle fries instead of chips-you won't be disappointed!*note: given how they always seem to be packed, they have reached out to be granted to expand their restaurant where it currently sits. Hopefully that will be approved and wait times will decrease.
<review# 1045,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/26/2011,2/15/2012,193,50,,7,7>As a resident of this fair city, I only (willing) listen to two stations and this is one of them.The programing is full of primarily NPR shows as well as a few local shows. As a regular listener, I'm a fan of Tell Me More, All Things Considered and City Scape. Thought provoking shows and straight news with no fluff. Plus the station is supported by listeners so it can only be as good as you want it to be.And if you have HD radio those are quite full of awesome as well.This and KDHX are all I need radio wise.
<review# 1046,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/13/2011,2/14/2012,162,304,3,6,4>For those of you who have never tasted bubble tea or have no idea what it is, here's a fun infographic on its origins (Boba does not refer to the tapioca!)blogs.ocweekly.com/stick…I went here all ready to tell them how sweet I wanted my tea when they asked, but they never asked! I said it anyway at the end, JUST IN CASE.After reading all the reviews and talking to friends who had been, the bubble tea here was far better than I expected. Especially from a place that didn't have Asians making my bubble tea, which is a first for me! Where I'm from in Atlanta, the bubble tea places are pretty authentic... as in very-old-Chinese-couple-who-speak-no-English-but-­make-damn-good-bubble-tea-with-grass-jelly-and-­egg-nog-pudding-as-add-ins-kinda authentic...This place had a pretty decent selection. I usually get my black milk tea standard (usually with coffee or grass jelly but that wasn't an option here), and since I've been on a thai tea kick, I thought I'd try it here.It was delicious! My bf tried the taro milk tea, since that's his standard, and he thought it was better than anything he's tried before. We both concluded it was more taro-y than other places... Other places water it down with milk and sugar but we could actually taste the vegetable pretty well. I preferred the thai iced tea and he preferred the taro.The bubbles were also really well-made and the perfect consistency (something I was really worried about after talking to friends). I'm eager to come back and try more drinks, but I'm still weary of potential bad bubble days... there's only one way to find out!For now, this place is going to be my go-to for my boba tea fix, which comes on fast and often in the summa time.
<review# 1047,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/19/2011,2/13/2012,45,301,,5,5>This was the best meal I've had in St Louis in long time.  I had heard good things on yelp, but the meal we had exceeded my expectations.  The standouts were the bacon wrapped meatloaf with the most buttery mashed potatoes I've ever enjoyed, as well as the breakfast for dinner.  That was easily one of the best breakfasts I've ever had...and it was for dinner!  The housemade maple link sausage was incredibly tender and sweet.  I honestly didn't know that breakfast sausage could be so delicate.  We sampled a few other dishes and two desserts, too.  The apple fry pie and peanut butter cup were a great way to end an unexpectedly awesome meal.  I can't wait to go back and try more things!
<review# 1048,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/27/2011,2/12/2012,15,207,6,6,3>Delicious!  Great service!  Nice wine!  One of the best meals I've had since moving here a few months ago.  I got the vegetable salad and scallops.  Both were appetizers.  The salad was delicious.  Probably one of the best salads I have ever had.  Little veggies perfectly sauteed in brown butter and served warm with arugula.  Delicious.  My mom got the pear salad and that too was amazing.  Such great flavors.  My scallops were some of the best I've ever had.  Cooked perfectly and great flavor.  My mom got the dover sole.  Also wonderful.I love a small, edited menu, which is exactly what you'll find here.  It makes me much more comfortable, which I think is exactly what Home Wine Kitchen is all about.  It just feels really relaxed and calm here, and with amazing food.My only complaint-- put some words on the sign!  We drove by twice before finally figuring out that that orange house thing was the sign for the restaurant.  It's also entirely possible that we're just dumb.
<review# 1049,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/20/2011,2/11/2012,107,84,,8,6>Surprised I haven't written a review for this place yet as often as I go. I'm kind of obsessed with the lunch special here - two or three rolls, plus miso soup or salad. Not all rolls are included (the larger "specialty" rolls are not) but there's more than enough to choose from. I usually just get California Rolls, and they're delish. The miso soup is flavorful (and HOT!) and the rolls are a good size - not too large, not too small, perfect for lunch. A colleague I dine with often says great things about the salad, and the Oriental dressing in particular. The manager is always around and comes by to check on things personally - a nice touch. And I see him do this for all guests, not just the regulars, which says something about the place.Decor is great; parking is a public lot across the street, and it's $1 for every 30 mins, so I usually spend $2 to park. Not a big deal given that the lunch special is so reasonable, but free or validated parking would be nice.Also - not sure why this only happens on Fridays - but a few times they've come around with egg rolls and such as samples. It may just be that I go more on Fridays and thus notice it then. In any case, it's a nice little treat. (And the egg rolls are quite good...)One of my favorite lunch spots in STL. I'm pretty picky about sushi having moved here from San Francisco... typically I am not a fan of sushi in any land-locked state. But I love this place. PS - they have a lot more going on at night here, too, apparently... but I've never been to this DF location for anything but lunch.
<review# 1050,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/11/2013,4/13/2014,156,339,3,9,5>First impression:This is some serious food. I was lucky to attend a preview night of Final Cut (disclaimer: I ate for free) and am already enthusiastic for my return visit. Here's my pitch: When you have something to celebrate or need a meal that delivers, you need an option that is reliable and comfortable but not the least bit boring. Fortunately, it seems like Final Cut will fit the bill.The interior of the retooled space -- along with the nearly renovated casino proper -- is lovely, cozy, and dark yet formal. There's a small front room and a much longer one to the side, with several private rooms jutting off for different sized parties. You don't feel like you're in a casino from within, which, for many visitors, will be a significant benefit. The restaurant did not seem too smoky, either, which addresses a common concern many have about casino restaurants. Hopefully this will remain the same after months of operation.What I experienced of the service was extremely positive. Our server, Mr. Charles, was incredibly gracious. If I were taking someone on a date to Final Cut, I'd feel very comfortable putting the evening in his hands. The rest of the staff seemed on point, too. Again, I hope the exemplary quality of service can be maintained for all patrons.But let's get to the food: I am still reeling from the humongous, solidly good New York strip I ate. It was cooked exactly to my specifications and was the centerpiece of the rest of the meal, which was similarly good (no course seemed a weak point with any of my dining companions). If I could go back a future night and duplicate exactly what I had, I'd love to -- although maybe I'd try to work in a good jog first. I have included a photo of the entree.(Although the official menu has yet to be released, I caught a glimpse of the prices and I believe diners will find Final Cut to be well priced.)The bottom line is that Final Cut Steakhouse will be a place to watch over the next few months. As with any preview experience, there's always a concern that the, well, "final cut" will be as strong as the "first cut." I am not unconfident, however, that this restaurant will continue to deliver a highlight reel for the foreseeable future.(Author's note: I write "first impression" articles when a location has recently opened or I feel not enough information is available to write a true review. They aim to capture the vibe of a place without much more.)
<review# 1051,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/30/2014,4/12/2014,24,184,3,5,5>It's been a good long year-plus since the new owners took over Billie's Fine Foods and although I miss the old owners I couldn't be happier with the quality and updates.  Most of the old kitchen/wait-staff is still there so you'll still get that great Billies welcome and service.  The biggest improvement, and one that had been a longstanding obstacle to that elusive 5th star for me, was the addition of "real" hash browns to the menu in addition to the standard fried potatos and crinkle-cut fries.What I'd like to draw particular attention to in this update is the absolutely mouthwatering burgers, easily among if not THE finest in St Louis, which keep getting better and better with every visit.  As a frequenter of all things meat-patty, I'm all in on this statement.On every other or at least every 3rd Saturday for about the past year I've been making Billies (you can leave the possessive ' on or off, depending on what you read)  a destination for carryout lunch a tradition.  I call the order in from home for a Bacon Double w/fries and a regular Single Cheese w/fries and I'm typically in/out the door and in front of my TV within 20 minutes.  For under $15 total for these two meals I've got more than enough hot, juicy and delicious food than any national mega-fast-food chain, recent national-craze $$$ burger guys or God forbid "gourmet burger bistro" could ever hope to supply.  Real grease and flavor thrown in for free!  On the past couple of visits I've even noticed an upgraded roll/bun, possibly "egg", that seems to hold the massive sandwich together much nicer than the past and lasts 'til the last bite without disintegrating.  Also included in the standard order is fresh leafy Romaine lettuce, ripe tomato, red onion and ample pickles on the side or you can request to leave out the trimmings, they're on the house!  When you throw in the crispy crinkle-cut fries, you're talking serious Saturday/Sunday cure for what ails you!  Soulardians know!Included my standard "to go" mini feast order without request is a condiment package that includes everything from napkins/plastic-ware to salt/pepper, mustard, mayo and ketchup, all in a handy little wax bag.I know St Louis loves their "Top _____" lists, but until Billies Fine Foods gets a  mention in the fried beef category, I consider them ALL to be works of fiction/the almighty local heavyweight/corporate advertising dollar at work.  Billies burgers and pattie melts are decidedly masterpieces of scrumptious non-fiction for me, and that's a fact!
<review# 1052,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/24/2014,4/11/2014,123,106,4,8,4>There is a lot to love about this place! I am embarrassed to say that I bought FOUR items just for myself (and had half out everything eaten before I even got home). The owner is delightful-- I mentioned that I was a first time visitor and she came up to talk to me and cooed over my baby. Pint Sized offers a variety of coffee drinks, tasty and unique sodas and a counter full of deliciousness. Try the "blondie"... It's made with hazelnuts and Nutella. Ahhhhmazing. My only complaint is that there is no handicap ramp. I walked to the bakery from my house with my stroller and struggled to get it up to the door. I would love if they offered a "stroller special" during certain hours for any moms or dads walking through the neighborhood (coffee and blondie??). Just an idea:)Bottom line: will I be back? Absolutely!!!!
<review# 1053,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/3/2013,4/10/2014,185,117,,10,7>Man, this place is good!I had been dying to try the fried beets...I got them...they were delicious, even more delicious than I could have even imagined!  I want them all for myself!You can tell they use high quality ingredients, along with the chef's touch, every bite is flavorful and delicious.  Every detail is paid strict attention to.  I happened to just pop in by myself one evening, it was a bit later in the evening, but the place was packed!  I took a seat at the bar, the bartender was slammed, but he was very pleasant and managed everything the best he could.  I ordered a glass of wine, instead of a cocktail, just to help him out a bit ;-) While I was sitting at the bar waiting for my fried beets and enjoying a really good glass of wine, one of the chef's came out from the kitchen and offered me a taste of their broccoli soup...hands down the best broccoli soup I have ever tasted!Two small observations...the staff bickers amongst themselves a bit too much.  Very snappy with each other, which was a bit uncomfortable to watch...I'm sure the folks that were seated in the dining room at tables would not have noticed, but sitting at the bar gave you a front row seat to the show, especially since the place is so small...which bring me to my next observation...the place it too small!!!  I love this place and have total faith that they will do extremely well, so I am hoping that they can either expand or move to a larger space at some point!  I, for sure will follow them wherever they go!  We are so lucky to have a place like this in St. Louis...I've been waiting and my prayers have been answered!
<review# 1054,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/7/2014,4/9/2014,282,158,,7,7>I've been coming to ciceros ever since I moved to saint Louis a few years ago. While I've never been in just to dine, I've always had good experiences in the bar area. First off, their beer selection is awesome and has a big focus in craft beers. Numerous taps keep the draught beer flowing, and you're able to get pitchers which I like. Second, they have a huge projector in the bar area for sporting events. I've literally walked to ciceros and drank alone just to watch a cardinals game on that screen. I've only ordered random bar food items but they've always been good. There's a separate event space for beer school and small concerts but I've never attended either.
<review# 1055,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/2/2014,4/8/2014,185,237,4,15,9>We might have something here . . .Benton Park is the place to find something to eat.  Make no mistake about it.  Just on one block, Benton Park has two StL staples:  Blues City Deli and Hodak's Chicken.  However, there's a new kid on the block, Spare No Rib.Okay.  It's not exactly on the same block.  In fact, it's not entirely easy to spot from the street.  I drive up and down Gravois most days, and I almost always miss it.  The place shares a complex with a recording studio and a martial arts studio.  On my first visit, there was a banner in front.  I'm not entirely certain if it's been there prior to that day.BBQ and tacos?  I'm not sure how they decided to market this menu.  There's not much of a correlation between these two ideas, but it seems to work from SNR.  If you don't eat meat, then I'm not sure that this is your place.  They do have salads . . . We went with the SNR platter:  two ribs, two tacos, and a side.  This meal goes for fourteen dollars.  We also added two more tacos, each three dollar add-ons.First, the ribs were good.  Good but not great.  The meat fell off the bones, but I feel like the quality might have been affected by the time of day, which was just after four.  Perhaps the ribs would have been fresher at eleven or noon.  I didn't fall in love, but I would definitely order them again.As for the tacos, we got a variety of meats:  carnitas, chorizo, chicken, and pulled ribs. The rib one came with a orange, fruity sauce, and the other three had a guacamole based sauce.  They had the same feel as the tacos on Cherokee Street, but the sauces gave them a different personality.We also tried the mac 'n' cheese and fries.  Both were solid effort.  The mac 'n' cheese had a sweet note to it, which was awfully nice.  Also, they had a nice pumpkin gooey butter cake.I wasn't blown away by Spare No Rib, but they kept me interested.  They have some BBQ sandwiches that I would like to try, so the story doesn't end here.
<review# 1056,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/18/2014,4/7/2014,72,181,2,6,4>C'mon guys, Cheese-ology is better than 3.5 stars!  Sure, it may be a dollar or two overpriced, but I would literally chop off my left arm for some quality mac and cheese.  I went for the first time today and tried the spinach artichoke variety, which was delish!  Service was fast and friendly and the space (though nothing special) was clean.  For a fast weekday lunch spot, it's hard to find something better on the loop.
<review# 1057,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,12/15/2013,4/6/2014,36,74,,12,4>I want to LOVE this place. I love the atmosphere - the comfy chairs, the cozy fireplace, the secluded rooms in the back and the outdoor seating for summertime enjoyment. This would be my instant place to go to for hanging out and chatting with a friend. BUT ... they have absolutely nothing I can eat as a person with a gluten allergy. Nothing. So I go on occasion and have a coffee or a wine (side note, this is not a place for good wine...they basically have a red or a white), sit by the fire and knit for some no-child-mama-needs-to-decompress-free-time. But I so wish I could stay for hours ... and that requires food.From my gluten-free perspective this place is just A-OK. If they would just have one item I could eat I'd bump it up a star or two. Whine. Whine. Piss and moan.
<review# 1058,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/20/2014,4/5/2014,200,74,2,9,5>This is a conveniently-located, very good frozen yogurt company. It's super close to the SLU campus near Compton and Lindell. It's also kind of a neat place just because of it's hole-in-the-wall setting in a big brick building on a side street. Parking is metered street parking, with some spaces nearby that aren't metered.Anyway, on to the actual restaurant: I really like it. At any one time there are 8-10+ frozen yogurt flavors, with the potential to include about 14-16. They offer free sample tasting, of course. My favorite flavors here are the Dutch Chocolate and the Cake Batter...other good ones to me are the Strawberry Banana and the Peanut Butter ones. What's nice is, they also have a large variety of toppings offered: anything from candy to chocolate to fruit to nuts. Their prices are extremely reasonable too.The yogurt flavors and quality of the toppings are great. I wouldn't say it's the best in the world, but it's definitely really tasty and as good as any other frozen yogurt joint I've tried in St. Louis.This place is really clean on the inside and has good customer service. One downside is that big groups would not work in here (as in most fro-yo places) because of only a few table options, all of which are permanent in position and offer 2-4 seats per table. Otherwise, it's still a really good place and I come here pretty often with small groups of friends.
<review# 1059,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/17/2014,4/4/2014,3,98,,8,7>South Grand is always a culinary adventure, with a world of variety. You can find Thai, Persian, Ethiopian, and now Moroccan cuisine joins the list!I was looking forward to this.Baida is a small, simple restaurant as far as the interior goes, but the menu offers a lot of choices, both meaty and vegetarian, plus dinner specials for a few more surprises. One of the best things about most African and mediterranean food is the use of fresh herbs, fresh ingredients, and lots of flavor. Baida pulled this off in at least one of the dishes we ordered.I ordered the special that day, which was a whole baked red snapper on a bed of lentils and vegetables. It was amazing! The fish was perfectly tender and flaky, the vegetables and lentils were velvety in texture, but not mushy, and the overall dish had a bright, green, herbal and lemony seasoning. I loved it. Took the leftovers home and they were even better the next day.My date got the kefta meatball tajine. While he loved the meatballs and their flavoring, overall he said the dish was a bit bland, with no single strong flavor standing out (sort of like something  that had been stewing in a crockpot, where everything gets muddled together.) He didn't find the addition of soft cooked eggs to add much either, and said he would have requested those to be omitted, had he known it was coming that way. They were a little poorly stocked in the bar that night (Valentine's weekend - they should have prepared a little better I think) and were out of a few of the beers on the menu. The only beer they have is bottled, BTW, nothing on draft. But they do offer a few interesting-sounding cocktails. So, one excellent dish and one just so-so. I might go back, eventually. Not dying to. The service was great and very attentive, so no complaints there.
<review# 1060,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/16/2013,7/14/2013,75,288,4,9,7>I don't know why I always forget about this store and end up going to Straub's. They have a modest produce section, and organic everything. They have a bath and body section, essential oils and massage oils you can use to make your own products. There's also organic rice, organic beans, granola and nuts, too. They have an extensive vitamin selection. Also, spices and what I call 'tea-making supplies', stuff like lavender, rosebuds, safflower, lemongrass, anise, fresh turmeric, etc., and every herb and spice you've heard of (and haven't heard of), they have. Honey and agave, and coconut sugar and organic flours too.
<review# 1061,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/13/2013,7/13/2013,54,226,,8,6>I can't believe I've never written a review for this trainwreck location.  This is a great spot and one of the ONLY businesses to survive consistently in the westport restaurant area.  I am slightly partial to the location because it's where my fiance and I met and always have good memories hereBut in addition to that they tend to get some pretty great bands on the weekend.  Their menu is excellent.  The bison burger is a must try, most places murder a bison burger, but the trainwreck does it right.  Beer is standard, don't go looking for anything adventurous and stick to the bucket of bud light.Great atmosphere, usually gathers a great professionals happy hour based on the location and really overall just a good place to hang out with some friends.
<review# 1062,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/8/2013,7/12/2013,139,268,4,5,5>I really enjoyed our experience at the Shack. Of course we had the Groupon and made sure to tell the bartender (and to also tip according to the ORIGINAL BILL, not the discounted one!).  We noticed that they had whiskey "sippers," which turned out to be serious, real shots of seriously, really good whiskey! We were excited and needless to say, doubled down on the whiskey. Beer prices were comparable and the selection was pretty impressive for a college bar!Once I saw pork belly, I demanded that we get the Green Eggs & Ham loaded french fries. There were absolutely  amazing and we finished them before the server could even check back on us. They were loaded with pork belly, creamed spinach and green onion and then topped off with a fried egg. Amazeballs.I felt like a fat ass after that and wanted to save room for whiskey so I got a salad with fried chicken tossed in hot sauce. It was a generous portion of fresh veggies and quality meats and cheeses but I felt like it was missing a little sumthin' sumthin'.... red onions? I don't know... but something.The hubby got a chicken club and finished it off before I got to sample it. Later, he promised that we would indeed return someday for tacos or happy hour.I give it two enthusiastic thumbs up!P.S. To the bartender:  sorry I stole your lighter. Although I can not guarantee to find another lighter with a FLASH LIGHT again, I promise to replace it.... someday
<review# 1063,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/11/2013,7/11/2013,65,153,4,6,7>Thank God my buddy drove, 'cuz I don't thik I would've found this place on my own.  However, now that I've been there, I think I have dropped enough breadcrumbs to find my way back.  And find my way back I will.What a cool little brewery hidden away in South County.  Apparently the building is an old Coke syrup factory that was sitting vacant for a decade or so until some folks started moving into it.  It looks good.  It feels Bohemian..and I don't even know what that means...The interior is still pretty sparse, but it didn't stop it from being busy on a Saturday afternoon.  The beers are good and they have a small menu with a few sandwiches and cheese plate offerings.  I had the grilled cheese with bacon, and it was tasty.  The service was good, and their payment system is hi-tech and interesting (I was sent a text message with my receipt).They offer tours once a week at 2pm, and it's a nice, informal walk-around of their brewery.  Do the tour.  It makes you appreciate just how hard this place is working to get a quality product out there.  It's not run by machines mass-producing and capping bottles; it's folks using their hands to bottle beers, apply the labels, and press down the bottlecaps.Support your local breweries!...and get a good grilled cheese along the way.
<review# 1064,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/4/2013,7/10/2013,25,58,3,10,5>I ADORE Half & Half! Choice eats: Veggie Hash (add bacon) or french toast. The donuts as an 'app'.... Yes, appetizers are totlly acceptable for brunch. Choice drinks: Coffee! Especially the iced toddy in the summer. I've had a few of the items on their cocktail list and always enjoyed them. Especially the Hot Joe in the wintertime. Warning(s): - There will be a wait. Calm down. Have a seat. Order a drink. Enjoy the company you're with. It helps if it is a nice day and you can take a stroll around Clayton or wait outside instead of in that tiny room by the front door. - The staff is friendly... but slow. Again, have fun, have some coffee, enjoy the company. This is what brunch is all about, people! - Parking is on the street. bring quarters!
<review# 1065,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/12/2013,7/9/2013,44,94,2,5,4>I like the Tenderloin Room! I kind of feel like I'm going back in time when I go to this restaurant. It's so old-fashioned fancy. Maybe a place where old mobsters could hang out? That sounds super weird, but it's true! It's kind of dark and secretive but romantic at the same time. The Tenderloin Room makes a great fancier, chill date night. It has a certain vibe though. Like, if you're seeking a hoppin', high-energy night out, don't go here.The food is spectacular, and the service is great. The people know their stuff and are very attentive. Waiters and waitresses are typically older. Definitely pricey -- don't be surprised if you drop $200 for a date night of two if you get drinks, salads, and entrees.Cool hidden gem in the Chase Park Plaza Hotel.
<review# 1066,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/10/2013,7/8/2013,25,86,3,8,8>I love my new car.I know that this is going to sound silly, but I really thought that swapping my very old Prius with a new Lexus would be hard.  I've driven that car for as long as I can remember, and despite a few flaws, it had some major pluses too.  It was small...kind of like zipping around in a little golf cart.  I could fit easily into small parking spots, and maybe weave in and out of traffic a time or two.  And the gas mileage...let's just say that I stopped at 7-11 for slurpies more than for gas.So when the price of its repairs totaled more than it was worth, I was freaked.  I did my research.  I picked a few cars to look at.  I consulted with yelp about dealerships.  First stop...Mungenast Lexus of St. Louis.  My fiance and I were greeted right away, had help from Nate immediately, test drove an IS, received a tour of the impressive facilities, talked prices, and then headed to the next dealership.  We were there less than 10 minutes before we came running back.The service was stellar.  They gave me a very fair trade-in price for my Prius.  Nate was straightforward, and never pressured us.  I never felt like I was getting ripped off.  And Mike, the finance guy, was hilarious.  He commented on my engagement ring which my fiance loved.  He also stayed way past closing so that we could finish the paperwork and drive off with our new car....on a Saturday night.  Everyone here was incredibly professional.Lexus has since followed up, and yes...I LOVE my new car.  Keyless entry, heated and AC seats, SAT radio, MP3 connection, bluetooth, not to mention how easily it drives (and weaves in and out of traffic...a time or two).  I do miss the gas mileage of my Prius, but I hear that they have omelette stations at Mungenast Lexus sometimes while you're waiting for service.  Um...Prius?  What Prius?
<review# 1067,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/22/2013,7/7/2013,148,364,5,6,5>This market is still my favorite in the city! I may be biased since I live within walking distance, but I don't really think that matters. The market has everything I could ever want when visiting a farmer's market. I love how I can go here with a $20 and come out with 2 giant tote bags filled with produce, bread, and sometimes pasta! The more I go visit the better I get at knowing which vendor to buy from. I also found my new favorite vendor-the potato guy! He literally sells potatoes and that's it. I purchased a few sweet potatoes from him (he even offered a white sweet potato). I think he grows them in his own personal garden or something because they were dirty and roots were still attached, but whoa, they were the best tasting potatoes I have ever had. No lie. I am thankful to have such a great farmer's market in the area and I will continue to support it as long as I live here.
<review# 1068,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/30/2013,7/6/2013,44,34,5,4,4>I absolutely loved visiting The Art Hill! I started at the bottom and by the time I got to the top I hated The Art Hill. :PI got to experience the Shakespeare Festival performing "Twelfth Night" and that in itself was awesome. I highly recommend watching it because its free and if you've read any of my other reviews you know "i like me some freebies". Anyways. The sun was setting as I made my treacherous journey to the top of the hill. As i walked and gasped for air, I saw a multitude of people enjoying the hill and the park. Hippies playing in a drum circle, a religious group praying, a girl lying in the grass reading a book, dogs playing frisbee with their owners and those crazy people that run up hills... A whole array of people having fun. There was so much fun to be had there, that I even saw a used condom in the grass. Funny that I didn't see any litter besides that.With the art museum at the top and beautiful creek running through at the the bottom, it was a really gorgeous sight to see. I definitely will go back to this section of the park and explore what it has to offer even more. A word to the wise though, at night it did get pretty dark so I would advise people to have company if you find yourself out in the park at night. Another thing I just remembered, the parking was street parking and there was a small lot available as well. But with the festival, the parking was a hassle so I imagine other events or when its busy at the art museum it can get kind of bad. Just wanted to throw that in there too.
<review# 1069,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/1/2013,7/5/2013,36,74,3,10,7>Oh my goodness.  This place could not ooze any more understated charm if it tried. Walking up to the front of the shop I felt like I was back at Laduree in Paris. The window display was simply beautiful. The inside decor, as well, was stunning. Simple white walls, original white tin ceilings, little tables and cafe chairs. The stars of the room, however, were the pastries within the cases and the fondant cakes showing impressive pastry art skill scattered about the room.As a gluten-free gal there is a reduced amount of things I can eat at most bakeries. Being a french bakery, however, almost guarantees I will find a macaron....and find them I did. They are very good...my second favorite in town! Macarons are almost always gluten-free but I spoke with the pastry chef and he confirmed they were. Yay! He also noted other gluten-free items were the coconut mounds (they had a much fancier french name but do I remember it...non) and the baked yogurt cups.My daughter and I met a friend here and found it to be a welcoming spot to spend a few hours, sip our latte (her) and gourmet hot tea (me) while nibbling on bites of sugar heaven and catching up. They only opened a few days ago but they had a steady stream of customers while we were there. I believe the word is spreading quickly about this hot new gem...and it is well deserved!This place is worth a visit. Make sure you have some time to sit and soak up the wonderful atmosphere.
<review# 1070,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/26/2010,11/30/2010,98,1037,,5,4>Another kick-butt experience.  After jumping around from stylist to stylist, I've found a place that is cool, fun, and they know what they're doing.  I've been visiting Erin at this joint for a while now and don't have and am excited that I've landed on a place that I like.
<review# 1071,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/3/2010,11/29/2010,82,228,4,4,3>I would like to thank Yelp for helping that oh so unsightly uni-brow disappear into thin air and also the rat nest on the top of my head that I like to call my hair to look so fresh and so clean clean. I took advantage of the specials and booked an appointment with Olivia and Salon Euforia.  I was able to get my hair did and my eyebrows look like 2 once again!  Olivia did a great job and I was uber impressed and it didn't break the bank!  Total job=25 bucks!This place is a little hard to find, but since I bank across the street, I knew where it was!  They also offer a spray tan, which I am totally going to have to check out!
<review# 1072,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/18/2010,11/28/2010,48,157,6,6,4>This is a no frills place, but the doughnuts are delicious! Parking is minimal, and the building looks like it might topple over one of these days, but somehow that adds to it's charm. It reminds me of someplace I would have gone with my grandpa when I was little. The lady behind the counter with the beehive hairdo is a character! I'd never seen her crack a smile until we went in the day after they were featured on some Alton Brown Travel Channel show... everybody was asking her about it, and she would just laugh and say how the camera crew wouldn't get out of her way. Also, don't ask her for skim milk, she looked at me like I was nuts. That's ok though, 2% washes down those amazing doughnuts better anyway.
<review# 1073,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/21/2010,11/27/2010,71,61,4,6,6>I have avoided trying to find a running store in STL because I was still so in love with my old running store in Ft. Worth, TX.  It's kinda like when the love of your life breaks up with you...no one that comes immediately after that has a chance.  And knowing this, I gave myself adequate time to recover from my grief.  I went to another running store in the area and it was alright, but not amazing.  So I kept looking around and headed to Ghisallo Running because they sell Vibram Five Fingers and I wanted to see what other minimalist "shoes" they had.  Not only do they carry a grand selection of Five Fingers and Terra Plana minimalist shoes along with great racing flats, but THEY KNOW THEIR STUFF.  Jim of Ghisallo was sporting some very worn-in VFFs I talked with him at length about minimalist/barefoot running.  It was such a delight!  I didn't feel bad about gushing to him about the perks of barefoot running because he was doing the same thing.  I felt like I was in runner's heaven!  He even emailed me an article he wrote about misconceptions about minimalist running. They've got some great gear too & there's currently sale of 40% off summer apparel until the end of the month! Needless to say, I am in love with a running store again.
<review# 1074,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/10/2010,11/26/2010,36,41,3,12,7>I would live here if i could. It's not just the delicious pastries and the new chef that is creating the most amazing frittatas and omelets you will ever taste. The decor is really cute and the ceilings are covered in this bronze tiling. Just try to get there earlier than 10 on a weekend because every table in the house will be taken. It's becoming a local favorite fast.
<review# 1075,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/4/2010,11/25/2010,15,32,2,4,4>My first visit to Sweet Art was an accident. I was walking from my home in the South Tower Grove neighborhood to visit a friend in Shaw. I was early, so I walked a bit past her street and smelled something heavenly. It was one of the perfect summer days: hot (but not too), cloudless blue sky, people all about their Saturday errands.I looked in the one plate glass window and the place was packed - at 10 am! Everyone looked so happy. I now know why. Cakes, pastries and food at Sweet Art are like a drug. Once you have a taste, you are hooked. Butter and sugar mixed in the right combination are a stronger drug than heroin - at least here. I ordered a slice of their amazing quiche to go.I decided then and there that one day I would try a cupcake (especially since my boyfriend is a cupcake fiend). When he visited around Halloween, we decided to ask Sweet Art to make up 2 doz cupcakes for our centerpiece (Halloween-themed of course, with a special birthday one for our friend, Ben). When we arrived to pick them up the evening of the party, we decided to keep the boxes sealed until we got home to build our anticipation. We were thrilled. If the sweet scent of their butter cream frosting was not enough, they had mixed 4 different flavors and designs (Frankensteins, spiders & webs, pumpkins, etc). The centerpiece was much loved and a huge, delicious success. I had to send our friends home with any remaining cupcakes so we would not eat the rest and blow our "healthy living" program. And, had we kept them, I seriously thought it might end in violence when we got to the last cupcake. Better to heave that kind of responsibility on others and keep the peace at home.Sweet Art is a treasure and I hope they enjoy the sweetness of their success for many years. Now, stop reading this and go get a cupcake!(My only negative about them is their drip coffee, but they are a bakery not a coffee house. Firstly, I am not impressed by Goshen to begin with, and it doesn't seem to have much flavor or oomph! at $2 a cup. They should partner with Kaldi's. That's just my two cents.)
<review# 1076,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/15/2010,11/24/2010,21,70,1,8,3>Hands-down the best place to get your pet groomed in St. Louis. My dog hates going to most groomers but she loves Petropolis. The people that work there are so sweet to her and she actually gets excited when she walks in the door.Petropolis goes out of its way to make grooming (and boarding) a positive experience for your four-legged friend. My sister's dog has outrageous separation anxiety coupled with the urge to snarl at anyone who tries to pick him up but, somehow he let the groomer scoop him up like a baby and take him to be groomed. According to my mom, it was like an episode dog whisperer.My puppy comes back from her "spa day" with a spring in her step, bouncy/shiny hair and smelling better than I do!
<review# 1077,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/21/2010,11/23/2010,15,47,3,9,5>I can't believe no Yelpers have reviewed this fantastic place. Yes, it's off the City path - way out in St. Charles - but it is totally worth the trip! The decor is very downscale - mismatched chairs and tables. It's in a house, so the dining areas are very small and cozy. (I've never been upstairs.)The "menu" offered on the restaurant's website (and in the restaurant) isn't really the menu - it has things like "select graham crackers smothered in bologna" and a $79 lobster tail appetizer - but rather the menu changes. The waiters all know their stuff, and everything I've had on my numerous visits has been the best version of that thing I've ever put in my mouth.First off, you have to get the portobello mushroom appetizer. It's covered in cheeses, all gooey and delicious, and it's pretty much a meal in itself. If there's two, split the small one. It's so rich, it will be plenty.The Chicken Gorgonzola is another great dish; plus they have some kind of beef tips in horseradish sauce that is very good. I remember one dining companion getting a pork chop-related dish and loving it. I've been with groups of four or five, and I've been just two, and no one has ever been disappointed - with the service, with the food, with the atmosphere.One quick note: This place is a little pricey. Entrees range from moderate to high-priced. But for a special occasion or once-in-a-while trip to St. Charles, this place is perfect. If it weren't so far out of the city, I'd go once a week just for the mushroom and a beer. Dress is casual-to-fancy, whatever you like. Use your GPS or mapping device to find it - it isn't right down with all the little shops in Old St. Charles; it's further north. Regarding vegetarians: I just got myself a restaurant.com coupon and when I go next time to use it, I will be sure to pay attention to the quality of the vegetarian options; I'll update here and let you know.Worth the drive, people!!
<review# 1078,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/23/2010,11/22/2010,319,681,8,9,8>Baby Got Back? If so, baby needs to get herself over to Panache Plus, a resale and alterations shop that is geared towards the size 10+ girl. Panache Plus isn't the cheapest resale shoppe in town, but they have racks and racks and racks of stuff and you are more than likely going to walk out with what you are looking for. They also have an entire room dedicated to dresses and formal wear, walls and walls of purses, shoes, jewelry, etc. If you're not a big girl, but you have trouble finding clothes with the right fit, go BIG and have it taken in by their in-house alterations person! Gotta luv it!
<review# 1079,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/3/2010,11/21/2010,25,38,15,9,9>Life before Protzel's Pastrami Reuben:Pretty decent. Life after Protzel's Pastrami Reuben:HOLY M@#$^#$#$##@!#&!!@!! WHY IS EVERYTHING SO SPARKLY?!!To sum up:Try one of Protzel's famous Reuben sandwiches. It will change your life.
<review# 1080,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/21/2012,10/3/2012,95,111,2,8,3>The Schlafly Tap Room is lovely, simply lovely. I went there for the first time last month and will definitely be returning. I am always in search for good "dinner with friends" spots. Friday dinners out is a regular tradition for my husband and I. Since I am usually the person picking the place, I need something that is dependable. Like a well behaved child, I want a  restaurant that is seen and not heard essentially. I want to be focused on my friends and their amazing gossip, not where the waiter is or my empty beer glass (As I said before, these are dinners on Friday, I don't mess around). When picking a spot it has to meet the following criteria: Good food, not too unique, but nothing too boring.Excellent drink selection Chic atmosphere (especially if the dinner patrons are not city dwellers)$$ price on Yelp Nothing too crowed where the wait will be too long to eat. Crowd pleaser. A little something for everyone. Taaw Daaw! STR crossed everything off that list and then some. Okay, we did have to wait about a half an hour for a table; but "waiting" at The Schlafly Tap Room means playing pool, eating Bavarian pretzels, and sipping on a Hefeweizen. Tough Life.
<review# 1081,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/28/2012,10/2/2012,81,110,2,9,6>I took Colin F. to Siete Luminarias for his birthday dinner last night. He could have picked any restaurant in the city and he picked Siete Luminarias. Needless to say, after his first visit, he is a big fan. We sat down and were promptly brought out chips and salsa. The chips were thin and crispy and the salsas were delicious, there was a red and a green. They were the best salsas that I have had in a long time. They were spicy without being too hot that it killed my semi-wimpy palate. I ordered the carnitas plate for dinner, which came with carnitas (fried pork), beans, rice, avocado, pico de gallo, nopal (cactus) salad, and tortillas. They gave me the choice of flour or corn and I went with corn. They were amazing.  I gobbled up all three and was offered more. I turned them down because I was more than full by that point, but it was hard because they were so delicious. The carnitas were so amazingly porky and rich. They were perfect wrapped up in their delicious corn tortillas with avocado, pico de gallo and salsa. I love rice and beans and they did not disappoint. The rice had fantastic texture and the beans were creamy and rich. The service was unbelievable. We were so well taken care of throughout the whole meal.  We were even offered a sample of their sweet tamales. I picked the pineapple variety. It was so tasty! I would definitely order them again! Colin F. is right. This place is really great. Definitely a new Cherokee Street favorite!
<review# 1082,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/9/2012,10/1/2012,154,611,,9,7>One of the best meals of my entire life. I will be dreaming about it for a LONG time. We went in a group of 8 for my stepfather's birthday. The space is really nice, a little dark but in a good way, fancy table settings complete with THREE forks. WowzaI have never considered going here because I didn't think it was that vegetarian friendly. I was DEAD WRONG. The appetizer chalkboard got brought to us and the waitress explained many of them. I decided to order black eyed pea falafel, which was a fried ball of black eyed pea over a small soft tortilla and drizzled with taziki sauce. I didn't want to share. It was crispy on the outside and soft and flavorful on the inside. The sauce complimented it perfectly. We should've ordered two of these! I got the seasonal salad, which came with pickled rhubarb on it, which the waitress assured us was awesome. I'm not a fan of pickled anything, but I liked it. It was a very interesting flavor, mixed with pecorino cheese and a yummy dressing. The bread that comes with the meal was piping hot and almost sweet, and so soft on the inside. At the end of the meal, they were called beignets, but they didn't taste like any beignet I've ever had! I could've eaten an entire basket of them. For my entree, I decided to order off menu and have the chef make me something rather than order the vegetarian option on the menu at the time. The waitress gave me several choices of things that they could make vegetarian for me. I decided to go with gnocchi with spring veggies. It came out and looked like a small portion but man was it rich! It was in a creamy sauce, and had peas, garbanzo beans, turnips and more mixed. The gnocchi were perfectly cooked and the sauce was decadent. I got the chance to try some items that were sides for other people in my group. First, the hush puppies. I LOVE them and always go eat them when I'm in NC visiting my dad. These were better than most of the ones in the south. Nicely flavored and not too deep fried. Next, the tempura veggies. Wow... Again, so lightly breaded and in a yummy tasting coating. And finally, the mashed potatoes. The best ever. No salt needed!The birthday boy was brought out a brownie with ice cream. This was no normal brownie with ice cream. Again, decadent and wonderful. And rich. Service was better at the beginning than the end, though the waitress was awesome. The support staff were very attentive in clearing, refilling at the beginning and it did get a little slow as it got busier, but for the meal I had, I didn't care.I can't wait to go back!!
<review# 1083,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/12/2012,9/30/2012,384,258,,6,4>Went to visit J.Gilbert's on a Monday afternoon to do a photo shoot of the restaurant.  This is a BEAUTIFUL place, full of leather, warm lighting and big comfy booths.  There is a bar area to one side and a full seating area on another.  There are also rooms that are closed off with glass doors for private parties.   I also loved the metal antelope heads on the walls....very cool.  The manager Tripp and all of the staff were so helpful and nice.  You really got a sense that they loved their jobs and loved the restaurant.  I think that's very important and shows in the food and service.I got to see first hand how many dishes were prepared and I can tell you that all the ingredients are fresh and first rate.  There is a huge wood oven in the kitchen for steaks and fish and I feel that is the very best way to prepare them.After the shoot I just HAD to take home some of their award winning Poblano au gratin potatoes and their house made Maytag potato chips w/ a blue cheese sauce....omg.  Next time I'll have to get dinner here whenever we are out this way!
<review# 1084,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/17/2012,9/29/2012,72,204,5,7,7>Here are the things that I know. 1. I should be angry that I just spent $16 on 2 calzones. I'm not. They were delicious. (and I have one left, minus a bite, to take home) 2. I should be ashamed that I ate a whole one, in one sitting. Maybe I am a little, but I'm pregnant, so that's my excuse. Also, it was worth it. 3. I will be returning again and again and again. 4. The Gonzo is to die for.
<review# 1085,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/9/2012,9/28/2012,513,774,,6,3>I'm going to start by saying, I hope you never have to come here. I hate cancer. I came here with my mama. (She has stage 4 breast cancer.) this is a nice facility. Almost overwhelming to realize that this many people are fighting the same battle. The people make you feel comfortable even when your at your weakest. I thank god for the people that work here. I thank you for helping my mama get through her final days. :(
<review# 1086,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/29/2012,9/27/2012,91,379,5,7,6>I was very pleasantly surprised at my experience here.  Evidently I am not the only one who goes on solo dates.  ;)It does have the feeling of a good wine bar with excellent professional and mature service.  The place was airy and well lit, the menu selection a nice variety, and the dishes I had, very well made.I ordered the beef tenderloin, I think maybe the best I have ever had.  And it wasn't some huge portion which I don't need.  Horseradish encrusted, served on top of potato leek hash, it was an excellent dish.  I know we like to get a lot of food when the price is above average but sometimes when it's done right you get what you pay for, even if you think it should be more.  I also ordered the cheese puff pastries things called Gougieres, filled with gruyere cheese, a type I have never had and a most excellent warm pastry that I almost filled up on them.  Very good, very different, very well made.  I had to stop myself. Try them!   I will definitely go back here.
<review# 1087,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/4/2012,9/26/2012,25,86,4,4,2>So, this is my third review of Chop Shop.  Why you ask?  Two words.  Fried.  Twinkie.  Oh yes.  I finally tried it.  Let me just say that I would never eat a regular twinkie.  Offer me pretty much any candy and I'm game, but I've never been much of a cake, cupcake, or processed version of the two kinda gal.  But put the word "fried" in front of anything (excluding meat and seafood) and I'll order it.  Heck, I'd go to Paula Deen's house and eat some fried butter balls.  I went there.  And I should've been born in the South.  So how was the fried twinkie?  Oh it was good.  Really good.  About a thousand times better than a regular twinkie, because it had a crispy outside, and a soft inside.  It also had a fruity sauce drizzle (tasted kind of like raspberry to me), and chocolate covered pretzels with it too.  They told me that Elliot lives in Webster, which may or may not be true.  And they also said that he parks the Chop Shop truck at his house, which again may or may not be true.  I think they were joking, but I'm not gonna lie...I've been looking in my neighbors' garages a bit more since then.  Good thing they didn't tell me his address, because I'd be knocking on his door for a big bowl of pickled Japanese veggies.  Or a several course meal.  Think Kramer on Seinfeld.  Yep...I'd be that neighbor.
<review# 1088,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/6/2012,9/25/2012,162,304,1,7,4>The boyfriend's attending invited him and his whole team out to dinner here. This place has been on my list for about 8 months, but I'd been waiting for a special occasion since it's rather pricy. I was so excited that he picked this place!We got a private table in a small, closed off room. With the double doors closed all the noise from outside was blocked. The restaurant itself is quite beautiful, although I'm not sure why there's no sign for Mississippi Ave when you come from Chouteau, just two giant white pillars (too cool for signs?)The meal was absolutely wonderful. They brought this very interesting bread to the table; extremely soft with caramelized onions on top. It was quite good and unlike any bread I've ever seen served at a restaurant with American cuisine.I almost never order fish anywhere but they were out of the wild boar and since the meal was free, I figured it was a good time to experiment! I'm so glad I did because the crispy red trout was to. die. for. Joe ordered some bacon wrapped pork tenderloins... he took one bite of my dish, we locked eyes, and then he pushed away his plate and we split the whole dish together and basically cleaned the plate.The dish itself is quite a large portion, very good for the price. Two fairly large pieces of trout and we were able to split it evenly. The skin of the trout was so perfect. I'm not a fan of couscous but the pearl couscous that came with it was so delicious and sauteed nicely. The extremely thin slices of crisp spinach were the best. I had to fight Joe over them, le sigh.Someone else at the table ordered the trout as well and kicked off all the skin, which was the best part! I was dying to shake the girl (and also finish her dish) but I kept it classy. We ordered the bread pudding for dessert and although it was yummy, it was a bit too sweet after a while, and I still couldn't get the trout out of my head. Everyone seemed to enjoy all the dishes they chose, although Joe's tenderloin dish definitely paled in comparison to mine. All in all, a great night of food, and I can't wait to save up because I WILL be going again sometime.
<review# 1089,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/14/2012,9/24/2012,58,205,3,11,8>This has to be on the short list of the best places to do a $20 date night (sans food)...The early, glowing reviews aren't flukes and, if nothing, only hint at just how great of a thing the bar-cade has going for it right now. Patronage comes from a mix of 20- to 50-somethings all looking for the same thing: a fun, different night out with a laid back atmosphere and good people.Orbit's struck upon a very fine balance between a sexy, moody aura and welcoming faces; underground appeal and universal acceptability; trendy lighting and timeless decor; insiders' secret and Maplewood's pride.This bar's undeniably cool without trying to be, which only makes it cooler.A few notes:1) The entrance is actually at the corner of Sutton and Hazel. You'll see a door if you're heading down Sutton from Manchester, and it's the right place... but the entrance is about another half block from there. Don't let the dark-ish interior dissuade you: they're open.2) The smoky smell, if there ever were one, has mostly passed. Smokers group up outside, but inside, the air's just fine. The tables, bar and games are also still in great shape and are clean.3) Pinball really is only 25 cents a game; pinball is 50 cents. There's a change machine.4) Outside food is not only allowed, but encouraged. Bottled beer and mixed drinks are on offer at the bar with some table service also available.5) There's a small step between the game room and bar, along with a couple of steps to get inside. Accessibility could be an unfortunate issue for some guests.
<review# 1090,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/23/2008,11/26/2008,1,14,3,3,3>I love the atmosphere! It is a sushi, vodka, hamburger, and more restaurant... and all is wonderful. The sushi is extremely fresh... try the spicy tuna! They give big chunks of tuna in the roll.. its amazing! There is every kind of vodka you could ask for, as well as specially made flavored vodka! Great for martinis! As weird as it sounds, this sushi joint has some of the best hamburgers in town. No lies. Please go try it for yourself!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
<review# 1091,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/8/2008,11/25/2008,390,441,5,10,8>This was the first stop on our night out in St. Louis. We stopped by another bar called Lush and it was empty. We asked the valet guys at Lush "where do all the fun people go? not the posers". They suggested we go to Lucas Park Grille. Good suggestion.They had some kind of a special on sparkling wine and we ended up ordering bottle service. Our server Tabitha was awesome. She came back frequently to fill our glasses and chatted with us. We asked her to suggest an appetizer and she recommended the mini sliders made with Kobe beef. Excellent suggestion. The mini-sliders came with sweet potato fries. Delicious!!We went back the next day for lunch. I ordered the smoked chicken sandwich with sun dried tomatoes. My partner got the prime burger and our friends got a tilapia blt and the burger. All dishes came with fries sprinkled with shaved parmesan cheese. Fabulous. The food is good. The only inconsistency was the fries. My friend's fries were cold and tasted stale. Our fries were fine. The crowd is very typical for an upscale restaurant minus the diversity. I was the only colored person on premises on both days. it doesn't matter to me, just an observation. There was a sea of blond hairdos. The outside seating area, although not open, looks beautiful. I bet it will be a nice place to sit and have a drink once the weather gets warm. The service on both days was impeccable. Both our servers were cheerful, pleasant, and professional. Overall, a fun place to eat and drink with friends.
<review# 1092,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/11/2008,11/24/2008,0,3,1,3,5>If you have ever uttered the words "What about Ethiopian tonight," surely you have heard a tactless remark mentioning an empty plate.Well, I have just the place to proffer an appropriate reply.Meskerem is one of the newest additions to the collage that is the South Grand area, and since its opening in 2007 has become one of my personal favorite spots to grab a bite.  The St. Louis location is the fourth in a series that started in that most venerable of locations: Times Square.  The staff is super friendly and eager to help those that may be slightly intimidated by their first visit.Vegetarians take heart, as the menu is heavily stacked in our favor.  The Timatim Fitfit is a wonderful combination if injera (the spongy sourdough-esque bread that serves as your main utensil), tomato, onion and pepper, infused with vinegar.  The Misir Wat is a delicious lentil dish that highlights the berbere pepper and reminds of it's cousin, the chili pepper.  The Misir Alecha and the Shiro Wat are must haves, and the lentil Sambosa is to die for.  Be sure to check out the Ethiopian coffee, but beware that it is neither for the faint of heart nor the drinker of decaf.A quick fact that you may be interested to learn: traditionally, one is never to tear the injera, or to eat with the left hand.  That tidbit of information is a great way to win a quick ten dollar bet.
<review# 1093,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/16/2008,11/23/2008,7,115,5,3,3>This is one of my favorite stops when I am in the area. Hell, when I am even slightly in the area I can justify a trip over. Cheap cheap cheap. I load up! Big Elwood on a stick - perfectly cooked prefectly seasoned steak for a couple bucks, peel n eat shrimp- I could just hop up on the bin that they keep them in and go to town, burger-yummo, fries heaven in a basket for 99 cents. Hot chick on a stick-I could hang out all night and eat. Go. Go now. Order a beer some grub and chill. Buy me a t shirt.Alton Brown was there once. I had my picture taken at his table. hehehe
<review# 1094,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,3/18/2008,11/22/2008,80,266,4,10,7>Stumbled upon this on my day off, wanting some barbecue. Inside, it looks like a former bar, with dark wood and minimal light. No one in there; it looks like more of a takeout business. Menu has lots of goodies, but no brisket. I had the pulled pork sandwich with baked beans and potato salad. Good price. The barbecue was good and on the sweet side, but nice and smoky. The potato salad was THE SHIT, and the beans were just as good. I  WILL go back. Oh yes, I will.Update October 2008: I went back to Mrs. Poochie's yesterday and I DID NOT have the same experience as Brandon at all. I could smell the smoke from the BBQ. My potato salad tasted homemade, and so did the baked beans I had. I didn't have the mac and cheese. The place was clean as far as I could tell...someone was working with a bunch of paperwork at the bar, but that was the only clutter or dirtiness I saw. Lots of people came in to get takeout. I don't know why there's such a difference in reviews, folks. You'll have to check it out yourself and see.I will say this though, folks. I live in Dutchtown. Mrs. Poochie's lays on the edge of Dutchtown, on Broadway and Chippewa, across from a QT. It's next to a janitorial business, and diagonal from a bank. Is it Clayton? No, but it's not the fucking "ghetto." Sorry, Brandon. I don't agree with people categorizing an area of town because there's lots of folks waiting for the bus.
<review# 1095,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/30/2008,11/21/2008,19,181,3,4,3>Being contrary, I did not order pho at Pho Grand. Instead I ordered these noodles with beef and chicken and vegetables. And before this, my favorite fried tofu appetizer. Everything tasted very fresh - the noodles were perfectly cooked, the vegetables had a bit of a snap to them, the spices were balanced, and they didn't skimp on the meat. With their excellent food quality/price ratio, there's no reason this shouldn't be every St. Louisian's favorite go-to dinner spot. I know I'd wander over here several times a week if I lived in the South Grand area.
<review# 1096,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,9/15/2008,11/20/2008,59,303,2,2,2>You can order a bucket of spaghetti here, with some meatballs, a salad, some bread for very cheap. Although I'm not a fan of this Fazoli-esque local eatery, I'll admit that it can accommodate a large group of people in a very short amount of time.I thought the pasta was a little overcooked, but alright if you consider this place more of a fast-food restaurant. The sauce was a little bland, which kind of stinks, but so-so (kind of sweet, to me). I've actually had worse.  It's just going to take a bit for me to remember where.I would suggest this place to soccer moms... If I knew any personally. Pasta in large quantities can mean instant energy for kids after a gruesome championship little league soccer game, right?One of my friends pointed out that they also have sandwiches, which are apparently the only reason to go to this place. If I'm rolling around Lindbergh ever again, I just might try one of them out.
<review# 1097,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/1/2008,11/19/2008,34,50,5,4,4>This will be my one conflict of interest post. I don't even know what to write: I love it? I used to go 6 or 7 days a week for like, a year? My only real complaint is that it isn't bigger or open 24 hours?The bartenders are sympathetic and awesome, as long as you aren't a total idiot. Sitting out by the fire-pit in the dead of St. Louis winter with a cigarette (or not) and a Butler Miller freezing up your gloved drinkin' hand is the best way to spend a winter night. The cocktail menu is the best in St. Louis, if on the pricey side, points for creativity. I have naughty dreams about the Butler Miller(the drink! not the man, though he is a very nice man)--vodka, Chambord, fresh lime juice and simple syrup--it's to die for. Happy hour is great, the music is generally bitchin' (I dj-ed once or twice), the crowd is decent and quite varied. The Royale is patronized by bikers, Bosnians and yes, even some babes. They don't serve A-B, so don't ask.  Seriously. Don't ask. If I'm there, I'll save the bartenders the trouble and punch you in the mouth myself.  (And if you hit it on the right night, you might just be treated with homemade chocolate chip cookies!)
<review# 1098,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/17/2008,11/18/2008,0,3,2,5,2>As a recent college graduate forced to move home from Chicago to search for my first adult job, spending time with my parents quickly got old.  I remembered as a teen-ager living in St. Louis I loved going to those studios where you can paint your own pottery.  Back in the day, prior to being financially severed from my parents ( except for the necessities) I found myself heading to various studios frequently and not concerning myself with the costs of this wonderful activity.  Finding Baked Goods Pottery is the best thing to happen to me since the great move back to St. Louis.Baked Goods Pottery offers me the ability to hone my skill as an amateur artist and further develop my love for this hobby without breaking the bank.  Each piece of bisque is priced as marked on their shelves.  You can find pieces ranging from $1.00 all the way up to $60.00.  With little trinkets, to serving pieces and everyday dish ware they are sure to have something that captures the interest of children and adults!The best part of Baked Goods Pottery is, everything is priced as marked meaning there aren't any studio fees, the price you see on the little tag on the shelf is the price you pay, well except for the tax.This isn't your ordinary shop either.  Baked Goods Pottery has a wonderfully helpful staff that is bursting with enthusiasm, a fridge full of complimentary Sodas and water, (Don't worry moms, the sodas are caffeine free!) and there are always chocolates being passed around by Jim, one of the owners. Not only can you go to Baked Goods Pottery any day of the week to paint, you can also host your birthday party, bachelorette party, baby shower, wedding shower or thank goodness we got a sitter for the kids party in one of their 2 party rooms, a party not soon forgotten for sure!  Feel free to bring your food, cake, ice cream even beer and wine!Baked Goods Pottery would also be an excellent idea for a date night, get some carry-out to share and come paint a masterpiece with that special someone.  With Baked Goods Pottery, the possibilities are endless!
<review# 1099,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/27/2008,11/17/2008,196,203,3,6,5>Visited on a Sunday evening around 7pm with my husband. We waited 15 minutes to be seated. The decor is really nice - I was impressed with the floorplan. I ordered a Lobster Rangoon appetizer which ended up costing more than our respective entrees, but it was tasty. Came with 5 pieces. I can't say I would spring for it again but I love lobster and I love rangoon so I wanted to give it a try at least once.My husband ordered a chicken sandwich which was huge and he said he really enjoyed it.I ordered their 1/2 lb beef burger. I requested it to be cooked medium. When it came out it was well done. I can deal with well done, but this was just awful - it was charred and crispy as if the heat were on too high, and dry on the inside.I did not tell the server it was gross, because honestly I got filled up on the rangoons and didn't want to wait around for them to make me another burger. But I left the remark on a comment card. It's pretty hard to really screw up a burger, or so I thought, but not even the goat cheese I got on it could save it.However the fries were wonderful - served with the potato skins, hearty and better than your average fry.The service was good, and what makes me give this restaurant 4 stars instead of 3.
<review# 1100,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/1/2008,2/12/2009,275,429,13,13,12>I've lived in St. Louis for almost a year now, yet somehow, every time I drive past a First Watch, I mistake it for a bank.  This has got to be the most boring looking breakfast place on Earth.  Even Denny's has bright signage and IHOP has a blue roof, but First Watch is just a blah brick building with a dull font sign.  Sigh.  Uninspired.  So, I expected First Watch to have uninspired food offerings.  When my dad and Tina were in town for Thanksgiving, they wanted to go out for breakfast.  When I'm not on a donut crawl or making ginormous omelettes with friends, I generally get by on a granola bar for breakfast, so I honestly had no idea where to take the family.  I am sort of amazed that the Breakfast Bank (as I like to call First Watch) even entered my thoughts, it's so innocuous, but that's where we decided to go--and I'm glad we did!While the inside of this First Watch is not particularly inspired either, the food is good, generously portioned and reasonably priced.  The french toast was custardy and delicious.  My dad's Greek Fetish (how fun to order the Fetish?) omelette got raves from the papa and Tina loved her breakfast as well.  The OJ was fresh and tasty, the servers leave you with your own carafe of coffee (good thing for my dad) and offer a nice variety of teas if that's more your thing.  Service is friendly and quick.  I get the feeling this First Watch is one of the go-to spots for the Clayton business-folks' weekday breakfast meetings, which might explain the lack of personality inside.  It's a comfortable enough space, but seems a little buttoned-up, if that makes sense.  I prefer a little more rock and roll with my french toast, but this place was friendly and served good food, so I certainly won't write it off in the future...
<review# 1101,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/3/2009,2/6/2009,80,266,5,4,3>I know you've got to be sort of tough to live in this city. But after being mugged and having my car now broken into twice, I am ready to turtle up and bawl like a little girl.Okay, That's not totally true. I don't cry. But this year isn't starting out well. While parked at work last Friday night, some dirtbag kicked my back window in on Gary, my beloved old Jetta. It sucked double because it was one cold ass ride home and does anyone fix a window on Saturdays?Well, Glass Doctor does. Well, they were supposed to, anyway. I called them to come to my house on Saturday (YES! they come to YOU!) to fix it. The dispatch center sent a repairman with the wrong window...front, not back. So, Gary had to wait until Monday for a repair. This time they showed up with the right window and fixed him up. Then the repair guy quoted us the wrong price. Again, dispatch messed up their info.The lesson here? Call the Glass Doctor, he'll fix your panes--just like the song says. But get a quote and write it down, and stress which window. The repair guys are fast, honest, and do great work.
<review# 1102,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/1/2009,2/5/2009,38,140,4,5,2>You know a place is going to be good when you walk through the door and everybody's giving you looks like, "how did he find this place," but El Bronco totally redeemed St. Louis Mexican food for me.I think tacos went for $1.45 each, the lengua was really good, better than the carne asada.  I admit, the neighborhood might be seen as a little gritty, but still, El Bronco would be good for a lunch spot.Closed on Mondays.
<review# 1103,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/17/2008,2/4/2009,23,71,8,10,7>I freaking love this place. I had never even heard of it before last weekend. Some friends and I went here after CBGBs (which we left because it was dead).I have to admit I didn't want to go to a "club" (I was wearing jeans, sneakers, and my boyfriend's white cotton undershirt), but I gave it a try anyway. I guess we were lucky to be there while London Calling was there because they fucking ROCKED. I can't think of a club that I have ever danced so much in and had such a great time. There is a small-ish bar area and a few booths, but really I was on the dance floor almost all night. It was a great, friendly atmosphere. No one was judging me because I am an AWFUL dancer, or asking "who's that ugly lesbo over there" (based on my attire). Bartenders were also very friendly and it was just a great diverse crowd. There is a cover, but I think it's only like $5 or something. Can't remember how expesive drinks were (it was a wild night), but I for sure cannot wait to go back.
<review# 1104,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,1/24/2009,2/3/2009,19,141,1,5,3>Our idea of a worthwhile dining experience is: something special that we could not easily make in our own kitchen with on-hand ingredients. We dined at BARCelona this last Friday. The restaurant only exceed that criteria with half the dishes. More "Spanish-like" than a real Spanish Tapas experience, BARCelona is small and nicely decorated. Waits can be long, but the hostess will track you down in the bar area when there is an available table. Bar area is extremely noisy and small. Only a couple of smokers can fill it with the stench of burnt tobacco. We found the staff to be friendly and courteous. The size the plates are typical for European tapas, but probably small for midwestern appetites. Prices are generally not out of line for tapas in other cities. Parking is always a problem in Clayton; valet parking is available for $4. The house Sangria is horrible. Thin and dry with little to no body. The Roija is better for the money. Dishes ordered (English for clarity and for two people): Calamari, beef tenderloin with blue cheese and spinach, sauteed mushrooms, Serrano ham / cheese plate, garlic bread, beef brochette, and garlic shrimp. The beef dishes were excellent. I couldn't believe that I FINALLY found a place in STL that doesn't overcook meat. The tenderloin was a perfect medium rare,tender, juicy, and full of flavor. It tasted of a Madeira wine sauce with a hit of pepper. I didn't care for the blue cheese, but my wife felt it added an extra spark.Now for the rest. A disappointment. I think a busboy ran out to Sam's Club that afternoon and picked up frozen shrimp. They weren't fresh and had the consistency of rubber. I swear to god they would bounce if I dropped them. The calamari was the same, coming with a tomato based sauce lacking any zest or appeal. The mushrooms were dull, swimming in butter. All of the non-beef dishes did not pass "we could have done this at home" test. For these plates, the prices were outrageous for the quality offered. Overall, OK, but not a fan.
<review# 1105,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/22/2008,2/2/2009,4302,1549,13,14,14>I'm a huge fan of the one-stop wine, beer, cheese and more (delicious hummus!) shops. See, I think I could survive on only wine, beer, cheese, hummus, crackers and olives. What?So yes, I could live in Starrs, though I'd probably get in the way of their perpetually hustling bustling store. Most patrons come for their fantastic wine selection-- I found a really, really great Tempranillo for about $12 today. And they stock all of my favorite beer plus some obscure picks too. Sometimes service can be a bit slow but it's always very intimate and personal. They know my cousin by name and can pronounce it properly, which, being a Croatian name starting with a y-sounding 'J' is no easy feat. Love to love ya, Starrs.
<review# 1106,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/27/2008,2/1/2009,53,196,5,6,5>One of the best burritos I've ever had, hands down.  Reasonably priced, fresh ingredients, humanely-raised meats, foil-wrapped and weighing at least a pound...what more can I ask for in a burrito?  Finally, there's a healthy, socially- and ecologically-responsible fast-food option!  I can't wait to try a burrito bowl thingy.  Mmm...and the delicious burritos are F'ing HUGE, brah!  I could never finish one, I'm sure, but I will continue to try.  The chips, salsa, sour cream, guac, soft tacos, and cilantro-lime rice all taste incredible individually, let alone combined...probably because it's all REAL and it's FRESH.  Service was spectacularly fast, friendly and on point.  Menu easy to navigate.  Oh, did I mention, they serve BEER?  Yay!  No beverage can wash down my burrito better than a cold brew.  However, upon searching for the recycle bin to discard my bottle, I found none...WTF?!?  Why do you have no recycling bins, dear Chipotle?  That seems a travesty and a sure no-brainer for your level of conscientiousness.  I may have to write you a letter and, for now, dock you one star.
<review# 1107,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,1/21/2009,1/31/2009,26,116,2,2,2>Dear Mr. and Mrs Liluma (if you're out there) I have to ask you what you think about your front-of-house service.If your service matched the quality of your food, you'd have something great  for all of us in the CWE to enjoy.Bottom line, Liluma's food quality is high, while the service and ambiance are lacking. Good luck fellow Yelpers!
<review# 1108,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/21/2009,1/30/2009,108,1039,2,4,3>Arguably the best place to get pho in St Louis.  It can also hold its own in comparison to places like Orange County or Houston and being isolated from either coasts and those large Viet populations that speaks a lot.There's also a ton of Viet who you'll see eating here which is always a sure sign that it's good.The broth is solid and is neither overpowering with MSG nor blatantly bland.  That broth is what makes or breaks pho and they have got that part locked down.Pricing is excellent making this restaurant a phenomenal deal to eat at for Vietnamese or in comparison to any other cuisine.  The only downside I can think of is it can get pretty busy here and parking can be difficult to come by. Other than that it is top notch here.
<review# 1109,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/21/2009,1/29/2009,23,140,4,3,3>Why is everything so cheap (or free!) in this town? I don't know, but I like it. I was fully expecting the A-B tour to cost $15-20, but a friend told me it was totally free so I was even more excited to check it out on my first full weekend living in St. Louis.You get to see some of the Clydesdales, go along the beechwood aging room, the fermentation room and the bottling plant. I may have missed something, but I forget. They teach you about the brewing process and what makes them so different from other beer companies in the U.S. Then, you get two free beers at the end. Can't beat that when the entire tour is free.There is a full tour, which takes about an hour, and then a 15 minute tour where you just go see the Clydesdales and then go back for your free beer.
<review# 1110,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/14/2008,1/6/2009,159,623,12,10,8>Another caveat for Mandarin House!  I never looked around the room before but recently we took a couple of white people to this fine place and there are some noticeable differences that we noticed as we walked to the table where they were waiting for us:For one thing they served tea in china teapots with Western teacups.Huh?When we also asked for tea, he actually asked, which kind?  We never knew they served more than one kind!  It ended up that their "variety" was in tea bags, served in china teapots.... rather than their typical vat filled loose leaf tea in the tin pots...We were ordering for hte table and the waiter goes (in Chinese) "Oh oh!  The white people here like the walnut shrimp!  you should get that!"  I found that funny because of the way he said it :PHe made a point to ask in English how the walnut shrimp was... it wasn't the favorite but it was pretty good.  It's the type with the sweet sweet mayo sauce.At the end of the meal, we're used to getting whatever dessert they serve at the end, usually sweet potato in a ginger sugar water (stuff usually for a cold, but it's yummy).  The waiter, again in Chinese:  "Usually we just give white people oranges... do you think they should have the dessert?"So yeah.  If you're not speaking Chinese, you're definitely going to be treated differently.  It's not a bad thing and they're not giving you poorer service... actually I think it's better.... but it's something people should know.
<review# 1111,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/2/2009,1/5/2009,73,608,3,7,7>I love going here and yes, you can even go in the winter!  We went to see the Christmas train exhibit.  They set up a train (inside) amidst lots of gorgeous greenery and flowers.  If you have a kid (or spouse or parent) who is into trains, this is nice.  You need to go earlier in the day though, as it gets packed and rather warm in the room.There's also the Climatron (inside dome with the waterfall) that you can check out and it's nice just to walk around outside although there's not much alive to see during the winter.  But let's face it, winter is not that harsh in St. Louis.  This is coming from a St. Louis gal who moved to Chicagoland.During the summer the beauty of this place just takes your breath away.Warning - it is challenging to get there right now due to construction on 40/64.  Be sure to take time to find out the highway closings before you venture out.
<review# 1112,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/11/2008,1/4/2009,12,22,3,6,3>I have dreams about this place. No joke.I had a chicken dish (Sicilian Chicken, I think?) and it was maybe the most delicious thing I have ever eaten. It was tender and perfectly seasoned, and just slightly crispy. We had to wait something like 40 minutes to be seated, but the service was pretty good. I wasn't crazy about the ambiance, and the location could be better, but GOOD GOD, that chicken...And in response to the previous review, it sounds like an unpleasant experience, but preparing food for a group is quite tricky, so I'd be reluctant to form an opinion of a place just based on that sort of situation. Just a thought.
<review# 1113,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/29/2008,1/3/2009,48,424,3,4,4>Northwest Coffee is a great little neighborhood coffee shop.  They have pretty good coffee, free wireless, and they don't mind you sitting for hours.  There's not a lot of atmosphere... just tables and chairs, but it has a laid back vibe and if you live nearby, it's a great spot to get your caffeine fix and check your email.  They also have some tables outside, but they're often directly in the sun, with no shade, so it's not a comfortable place to sit.
<review# 1114,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/13/2008,1/2/2009,11,67,2,2,2>One of the best sandwich shops in the city.  They also serve pasta, pizza, and salads.  If your not from the area, be careful of Provel cheese.  It's a cheese only locals love.  Parking can be awful when the noon rush hits.
<review# 1115,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/22/2008,1/1/2009,77,438,3,3,4>Keepn' it real...that is what Carl's is doing.I used to live by this place for over 10 years.  Always packed, always fun and always amazingly good.  I love that Frank has never expanded the digs and Kept it real.What's real good are the burgers.  And get em anyway you like it cause it's all tasty as hell (any condiments, toppings, cheese doesn't matter.  I think I have had burgers ten different ways here and they never ever ever disappoint).  As everyone else here will already confirm, the root beer and fries and MUST HAVE in additional to your real good burger.My mom raved about the tamales, so much so that she would also bring a ton of them to my grandparents (who love tamales) anytime we drove their way.So you are reading this and saying a good burger and fry joint in the MidWest, ok so what?!  This is different and outside of  I have a real story that might help.Back in college I was home for the summer and a good friend of mine was driving xcountry from NYC to San Fran. He made a pit stop and stayed at my place for one night before continuing on his journey.  First thing he says to me when he gets out of the car, "Have you heard of Carl's and is it close by, all my boys from NYC say this is the one place I need to hit up".Nuff said!Oh wait....toasted buns too!
<review# 1116,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/29/2008,12/31/2008,26,352,4,4,3>Being in town from Chicago, I forget that not all restaurants are smoke-free. As it is in my home town, very nice. And aside from the overwhelming large menu, the food I had, service and atmosphere were great. It is hard to decide with so many choices, thinking to myself, "how can anything be good/fresh if all this stuff is crammed back there in the kitchen?" I played it safe and ordered the Fire Grilled Chicken Citrus Salad. The chicken was hold on a fresh bed of lettuce, and the dressing was paired perfectly. My friend had the Crispy Teriyaki Chicken, served hot with just enough spice. Both excellent. The service was friendly, attentive, and helpful.
<review# 1117,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/20/2008,12/30/2008,222,145,2,3,2>I spent maybe 30 minutes in here since I had to catch a flight across the country in a few hours time. Thankfully it was free.I was surprised how great this place was - apparently it's one of Zagat's top rated zoos of 2008!We made it here at 3:30 when there was a penguin feeding. It was surprisingly interesting to watch the penguins come up from the water and waddle up to the trainer.Also, this is the first place I've seen a red panda and to me it looks like the Firefox browser icon!The bears are quite mopey here - but what zoo animals aren't? (Look for the picture I posted above.)Another place to revisit if I come back to STL.
<review# 1118,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/25/2008,12/29/2008,61,92,5,5,5>I adore everything about my dog, Rocky-- everything except his amazing shedding ability. I could seriously do without that. He sheds daily, but it seems like twice a year he goes into super shedding mode. When that happens, he releases enormous amounts of fur and it attacks everything. Fur is on my clothes, on my sheets, and embedded in my carpet. I'm most annoyed when I find a strand of fur on my lip or in my mouth. Ewwww!!!!I'll always remember the day I found the FURminator. It's the best pet brush out there! It's the Terminator of all pet brushes ever made. I know that sounded stupid, but it's TRUE.  I get handfuls of fur each time I brush my dog, which means less fur scattered around the condo, which means a happier me. He actually likes being brushed with this thing and it makes his coat soooooo soft. Love it! I almost wanna invite people over to try it out on their dogs, but I won't. Go get one! You won't be disappointed.P.S. At PetSmart it sells for over $50, but I found one on Ebay for $26 and shipping was free.
<review# 1119,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/19/2008,12/27/2008,167,160,2,5,3>I've been living in St. Louis only 5 months.  I moved from Miami and I'm finding a lack of cool looking places with great ambience in St. Louis to make my "regular" weekend coffee and lunch spot.  Not anymore.  Cafe Ventana is it.  The owners cut no corners in designing a warm, yet sophisticated spot to go to for great food and a great vibe.  I've only been there during lunch hours so I don't know what it's like in the evenings.  I'll have to check that out.The interior is gorgeous with a skylight area, a fireplace, modern flatscreen TVs to present the menu, leather seating area, cozy outdoor and side alley seating, and a general European cafe vibe.  It's not too large and it's usually filled with studying students during the day which is the only thing that takes away from the more Cosmopolitan feel I'm looking for, but all in all it's a great place.I've had 3 of their signature sandwiches and I think they've all been fabulous.  The Muffaleta is an Italian style sandwich and the addition of olive tapenade was brilliant.  I've also enjoyed the Cuban Wrap and the Portabella Mushroom sandwich.  The coffee comes from Northwest Coffee which is one of my favorite roasters in town.  Yes, the prices aren't fast-food prices but I think it's well worth the money for the amazing food and the wonderful atmosphere.  I'll have to give it a shot for happy hour (they seem to have a great selection of beers and some hard liquor as well) and maybe one of their evening Jazz events.
<review# 1120,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/26/2014,10/21/2014,32,83,5,9,8>Found this shop not on Yelp! But on Demonic Vapes "vendor" website page. Of course I had to check in though.... I had been searching for a place that carried name branded premium juices, and  that were closest to my current location. I am all over St. Louis, all the time and a lot of shops around town don't carry the premiums.  314 has it on lock down.  Sharp clean facility. You've seen it in the pictures, and on yelp elsewhere. It does indeed have the pool table, and free wi-fi, some pretty nice little lounging areas too.  Wish I would have taken pics for myself but I was in a hurry to find a new juice and get back out in the field for work.  The attendant (can't remember name, but I think he mentioned he was co-owner) was pretty helpful. Let me drip any juice over and over on some of the same juices at my disposal.  The flavors were just sooo good it was hard to make a decision. If I had a money growing trees, I'd buy out all the flavors I tried....but that would be dangerous.  I'd also like to mention the awesome "DJ" spot they have. Supposedly it's open to the public (by that I mean, anybody who actually knows how to work the systems they have). See, again I wish I took a picture.  The 3 premium juice lines I toggled between were Demonic, Space Jam, and Cosmic Fog.....fantastic.  I left with the rich creamy vanilla custard called "LILITH" from demonic. A dessert I can have and be able to throw any topping my sloth like heart desires. Thanks 314, looking forward to come back and build some coils and lounge out.
<review# 1121,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/4/2014,10/20/2014,102,98,4,8,6>After a long wait in line at Vintage Vinyl during Record Store Day the bf and I were ready for some sustenance.Being in The Loop, and wanting somewhere we hadn't tried, we decided on Ranoush and we were not sorry.Since it was a beautiful Spring day we requested to be seated outside as to enjoy the weather and The Loop ambiance.The server was friendly and efficient.It was lunch so we skipped the appetizers. The bf had the Chicken Shawarma lunch special - Grilled chopped chicken on pita bread with garlic sauce, onions, and sumac $7.95.&I had the Vegetarian Platter - Chef's Combination of five hot and cold mezza $13.50.Both were aromatic and flavorful. On the chef's combo The hummus and baba ganoush were wonderful the hummus was thick and had a nice flavor and the baba ganoush had that wonderful smokey flavor that I love. The falafel had a crunchy texture with a warm savory inside. The tabouleh was fresh and refreshing.  Lastly the Warak Inab (Vine Leaves) were a delight. The seasonings were spot on and the grape leaves weren't too tough. The bf reported the chicken to be seasoned and cooked well. The lunch special seemed to be the right amount of food. Mine was way to much food for me to finish but I happily took home leftovers.We will mos def be back for more deliciousness.
<review# 1122,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/3/2014,10/19/2014,119,513,1,9,7>Located in an old Culpepper's west of 270, this is a nice-looking place.  If I understand correctly, each person in your party ordering food at the counter will get a pager to take to the table.  That pager has a little GPS in it, and they will find you to deliver your food.I had the pulled pork BBQ with mac and cheese and an Edgewild red blind wine.  All was pretty good.  I liked the Bold and Smoky and Root Beer Molasses (sweet) BBQ sauces.  My sandwich, mac and cheese, and glass of wine cost around $18 though.  Without the wine, it was probably going to be $10-ish.
<review# 1123,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/1/2014,10/18/2014,68,108,6,10,7>We headed to Vinnie's for lunch and I could not be more impressed.  The menu is chock full of options but I had been looking forward to the Italian beef sandwich, so my decision was made.  I also got a side of the fried potatoes.The sandwich was amazing.  The beef and juice was so flavorful.  The peppers added just the right amount of heat but there was additional hot sauce available  if you enjoy more heat.  I was really impressed.with the roll as well.  It had a great crusty outside and a soft mushy inside.  The potatoes were amazing as well.  Golden brown and topped with parmesian cheese.  You could use ketchup on these but they don't need them.  They are better left alone.  I definitely need to come back and try the gyro and the dogs.  Everything looked amazing.Well, it is a shame that I no longer live in the neighborhood because I am positive that I would live at Vinnie's.  I am excited for the folks living in the old stomping grounds.Even if you don't live nearby, do yourself a favor and get to Vinnie's.
<review# 1124,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/11/2014,10/17/2014,58,133,6,6,7>I had a semi-rough first experience with Field House but I wanted to wait until after a return trip to review. Glad I did. I have been searching for a non-dive, non-hipster, non-overcrowded bar to watch Cardinal's games in and I think this may be my place. Not a huge sports bar but it can definitely accommodate groups of most sizes. One huge screen in the "dining area" and less huge screens in the bar area. Clean and modern without being obnoxious and feeling like a chain. Food- On my second visit I didn't eat, but the food is pretty typical bar food. Our waitress must have been having a hard day because we had some issues with ordering and service. We stuck with appetizers and ordered a pizza to go before we left. Nothing extraordinary. Beer: Good selection on tap and seasonal changes. The bar tender on my second visit knew what she was talking about and was able to make recommendations and offered samples.Good happy hour specials and they are just fine with letting you sit and watch the game.
<review# 1125,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/5/2014,10/16/2014,72,94,,7,7>Oh Ruth, you're way too good to me! I know I can always rely on you for a fantastic meal, and once again, you came through. My husband and I prefer this location over the downtown location, as it has a more classy steak house feel to it with the dark woods and deep red tones, while downtown is more trendy with neon lights and such.The portions here are large, and many items such as the salads, sides, and desserts can easily be shared. That being said, my husband and I started our meal by splitting a wedge salad. It included the typical wedge ingredients such as bacon, blue cheese, and blue cheese dressing, and I highly recommend it if you like blue cheese... they certainly don't skimp on those tasty crumbles! We also split a side of cheesy, gooey, au gratin potatoes that were nothing less than excellent. They perfectly complemented our two petite filets. The steak is served on a 500 degree plate and comes to the table sizzling, which I believe is the sound that translates to "Eat me!" in steak talk. To end our meal, we ordered a chocolate mousse cheesecake with a chocolate cookie crust. It was sooo rich... and sooo good! :)The service here is always top-notch. They want to ensure you are happy with your meal from start to finish. Due to this (and the wonderful food), we will most definitely be back again.
<review# 1126,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/27/2014,10/15/2014,139,268,5,5,5>Good stuff going on here at Felix's. We stopped by for happy hour to grab some NY style pizza (my personal favourite). To our surprise, there were free (with the purchase of a beverage) dirty wings at the end of the bar. I'm thinking dirty means that they are fried twice, then sauced & sprinkled with parmesan cheese. Those bastards were tasty as could be! I think I ate at least six of them! They were super crispy & still a bit tender. The hot sauce and ranch dressings were good too.We split a pizza & I was pleased. The crust was a nice hand-toss, with the right amount of crispness. Sauce was flavorful & plentiful. Just enough cheese and toppings too.In case I didn't consume enough calories, we also ordered waffle fries. They may have been my favourite. I loved the jalapeno ranch that was served along side them. Service & prices were good, so I'm definitely looking forward to future happy hours at Felix's.
<review# 1127,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/6/2014,10/14/2014,527,814,9,22,18>Where do I begin, to tell the story of how great a pizza can be? Let me start off by telling you about the group of four who walked in after us and sat at one of the larger tables by the window. After looking over the menu, they all got up and walked out. When the server asked them, they told her they thought they were a "regular pizza" place. Big mistake folks, you should have stayed and experienced a Neapolitan pizza baked in a wood burning oven. You would have been talking about it for days.  We started off with their house made Sangrias. I enjoyed the multi-berry with lemon cello and my friend had the peach. Both of them were refreshing and a nice compliment to our appetizer of fried calamari. I have never seen calamari served in big rings, they were very similar to onion rings. The flavor was as big as the rings themselves. The breading and seasoning was so great, I didn't even need the puttanesca sauce for dipping. I did try the sauce, which was different from the traditional marinara that is usually served with calamari. I highly recommend you try them on your visit to APS. Wanting a full experience of APS, we took advantage of their lunch specials and ordered one pizza and pasta to share. The pasta came with a small garden salad that we enjoyed at the same time as our calamari. It was a good mix of greens, halved cherry tomatoes, thinly sliced red onions in a vinaigrette. The salad and calamari together would have been a nice lunch, but why stop there. Our choice of pizza was the thriller. It was spanish chorizo, tomato sauce, mozzarella and oregano. Don't be fooled, when served the chorizo looks like pepperoni, but the flavor will far exceed. I loved the crisp bottom, with char marks from the wood burring oven. The fettuccine all'amatriciana, was one of the most unique and flavorful pastas. The service was quick for a lunch time and friendly. The owner even came over and chatted. He truly is concerned about the quality of product and his patrons satisfaction. I look forward to experiencing Happy Hour and dinner at APS.
<review# 1128,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/23/2014,10/13/2014,86,88,5,4,5>Stopped in here to try out some homemade beer and was very impressed. This place looks awesome and super clean inside and out. The staff is super friendly and took care of us like we were kings. Thanks Kendra and Kat you both rock. The beer is made at the place and it's awesome. I tried the Pecan and Rye beer and the Pecan beer is some of the best I've had. This is a place we will for sure be back to and next time we will try the food but for sure if your looking for a good homemade beer this is for sure the place
<review# 1129,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/10/2014,10/12/2014,133,77,3,5,9>Awesome sushi spot! I love to try new locations however I pretty picky about what's offered as I am an extremely healthy eater. This place was happy to accommodate my requests and even made other healthy suggestions which I was delighted to try. I am back for the second day in a row....I will be returning again tomorrow. Yes! I am just that pleased. Feed me fresh, fast, simple, friend food in a cool atmosphere and I'm good to go. No need to fix what's not brokenI love this place it's my new favorite of the month
<review# 1130,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/26/2009,8/7/2009,3,3,2,3,2>Chi has a great happy hour special with half price sushi, appetizers and selected drinks.  Although it ends at 6 it's worth showing up early for the price. The place is pretty interesting. Think sushi joint of the future. Everything is ultra modern looking and is accompanied by music that could only be described as techno robot music.  As for the serving staff, it can go either way.  I've had servers who were attentive and polite and servers who pretended like they were swamped with work when the restaurant was nearly empty. An example of the latter would be a waitress who said it might be too busy for her to split a bill, something I consider pretty standard at restaurants that are ACTUALLY busy. There was only one other filled table there.Overall, high marks for pretty good sushi and excellent happy hour prices.
<review# 1131,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/13/2009,8/6/2009,22,12,2,4,2>There is no better restaurant in St. Louis, and I can't believe how many people still haven't tried this amazing food. Five Bistro has recently moved to "The Hill"  (they used to be in The Grove) and have a wonderful new space to compliment some of the best food in the city. Chef Anthony and his team put together the freshest, local produce of each season to develop tastes I never would have thought of, but keep going back for. My new favorite was the tuna tartare with a poached egg I had this past weekend. I love food and really like going to new places, so each time I go to Five the menu has changed so that covers both.  I recommend the tasting menu so you can try as much as possible.
<review# 1132,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/8/2009,8/5/2009,319,681,3,7,6>Located on Grand (just south of Bates), the newly opened South Grand Gyro Express has become one of my favorite neighborhood eateries. From the outside, it looks like a typical Middle Eastern fast food restaurant (neon signs and photos of gyros/kebabs in the window). Inside, it is small and a little rough around the edges. It looks like they started to decorate and never finished the job. They do a great carry out business, but, it is also a great little dine in spot. Not because it's pretty, but because they have the other elements down.What I like most about Gyro Express is the food and price. Everything is priced under $10. Most items are under $7.50. The Owner (former Chef at Natasha's Kebab International), is a friendly bloke. He is very passionate about his food and it shows! The Gyro meat (typical American lamb/beef combo) is put through an extra step after it comes off of the spit and is sauteed with onions and special sauce. It is so tender and yummy and is the best gyro meat I have had in St. Louis ($4.99). They have an unbelievable warm eggplant puree appetizer served with pita that is similar to kashke badmen-jun ($2.99). I attempted to nail the chef down on a name for this scrumptious dip (I could live on this stuff).  On the menu, it says "eggplant" appetizer and when asked, the chef kept calling it "Afghan eggplant dish." Low and behold, I Googled "Afghan eggplant dish" and came up with lots of hits. So, I humbly accept the name "eggplant dish" in lieu of something more exciting. Other excellent dishes include sambusas that are similar to samosas (2 for $4.50), and house-made ice cream with pistachios ($2.50). I have plans of returning to try other items, but I don't care much for the chicken biryani. It's a bit dry. Other menu items include kebabs, hummus, felafel, and the usual middle eastern fare.  The owner stated that he is planning to expand on the menu.
<review# 1133,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/6/2009,8/4/2009,24,68,,5,2>Recently we met one of the chefs at The Crossing, Ian, at a get together and he invited me and some friends to come check out the restaurant.  So last night my friend, sister and I went around 8 pm and had a spectacular evening.We ordered some cocktails to start and then asked the waiter if Ian was working (which he was).  He came out and walked us through the menu and let us know that they had received some great ingredients from a local farm earlier in the day and would we mind if he worked our menu around those - we agreed.  While we were waiting for our cocktails we were served some blue cheese soufflé with crostini which was awesome.  Then we started off with a ripe tomato salad with blue cheese, roasted red peppers, Italian oil cured white anchovies and a light serving of balsamic vinaigrette.  We were worried that the anchovies were going to be overpowering but they were very light and added a wonderful taste to the dish.  From there we had a homemade tagliatelle served in a sauce made from chicken broth, parmesan and morels...yum.  Then came out a small piece of fois gras with a blueberry quail sauce and some smoked sea salt.  The foie was so good that it didn't need any accompaniments but the sea salt added a bit of dimension that was interesting though not 100% necessary.We had a palate cleansing mint gelato made from fresh mint that tasted like it was straight from the garden - so much better than generic mint ice cream that you get from the store.  Our last savory course was a surf and turf featuring a crispy seared scallop, lightly seared ahi tuna, and two pieces of new your strip with some light mashed potatoes and garlic asparagus.  The scallop was cooked perfectly on the inside and had a great crunch on the outside.We had the restaurant pair wines with each of the courses and they all matched wonderfully with the food being served...really complimenting the flavors as opposed to overpowering them.  The dinner was spectacular and I can't thank Ian enough for leading us through the menu and the fresh ingredients of the day that delivered a sublime dining experience.
<review# 1134,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/27/2008,8/3/2009,4,4,1,9,7>The coffee is not that great-- some days, it's terrible.The staff is stuck in their own little world, often carrying entire conversations amongst themselves and laughing too loudly about inside jokes while they are dealing with customers.  The food...  Eh, general cafe grub.Yet I keep going back, several times a week.  The coffee suddenly doesn't seem so bad when I have a term paper due the next day.  The baristas soften after shooting them a few compliments about their tattoos.  And while the food isn't anything to write home about, they do indeed make a conscious effort to be vegetarian/vegan friendly.  While one's experience at Mokabe's might not be immediately exceptional, it is definitely reliable on a broader level.  It must be noted that there is CONSTANTLY a pro-active, community force to be reckoned with at Mokabe's; organized candlelight vigils to commemorate hate crimes, local artists' work shown proudly on the walls, local singer-songwriters giving free serenades, leftist propaganda plastered onto every hard surface... While Mokabe's provides mediocre service and product, it acts as a vehicle for community outreach, acceptance, and optimism.
<review# 1135,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/15/2008,8/2/2009,48,424,3,3,3>Wasabi is now our favorite all-around sushi place in St. Louis.  I actually think Miso has better sushi, but it's more of a bar or lounge than a restaurant.  Not really an ideal setting to go out for dinner.Wasabi has great food, good atmosphere, and (usually) good service.  Highly recommended.
<review# 1136,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/25/2009,8/1/2009,26,116,3,3,2>Iron Barley...it's like some kind if weird tarred-and-feathered beauty queen. However, under all that outwardly bizarre and smoke-filled veneer, there's something wonderful.I'd heard about IB for the first time when I arrived in St. Louis a year ago, and then when I saw it again on Man vs. Food. I knew I had to go check it out very soon. So I did.. Man vs. Food mentioned the "Monte Cristo" Hot Dog, it's something like two hot dogs grilled and served on a bun with grape jelly and cheese. I almost went for it as it was so very bizarre, alas I decided to try something else from Iron Barley's strange and beautiful menu.We all had fun while dining at Iron Barley, taking creative liberties by re-naming their delicious Seafood "Risotto" dish "Seafood Orzotto" as the dish doesn't have any rice in it. (Iron BARLEY is a 'Rice Free' Zone!) They replaced the rice (risotto) with barley (Orzo - in Italian) hence the new name. Either way...the entire meal was fantastico. I will be back.
<review# 1137,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/18/2009,7/31/2009,5,52,1,2,2>I've been here many times and can't compliment it enough.  The food it outrageously fabulous every time!!  Atmosphere is great, love the back patio and alley seating - quite cozy for a couple or small group of close friends.  The drinks are great.  The upstairs can get quite loud though with the hardwood flooring.  Never had to wait for a seat although I wouldn't mind waiting at the cute little bar - it would be worth a wait.  The owner is always there and interacting with patrons, not just a figment of your imagination.
<review# 1138,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/5/2009,7/30/2009,37,25,4,7,5>I wrote this two years ago, still rings true, my fav restaurant in St Louis!Dear god I have a new favorite restaurant. I've been to Meskerem Ethiopian restaurant on South Grand three times now, and each experience is more orgasmic than the last. I have to keep from screaming when I eat the food. Instead I just squirm in my seat and keep thinking about how you could kill me right after I finished eating and I would die a happy and content woman. It makes me positively delirious.Get the veggie combo platter. They have this whipped chickpea and jalapeno dish that you'd swear contains cream or eggs, but it doesn't. Vegan delight, baby.
<review# 1139,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/11/2009,7/7/2009,3,24,,5,2>In my opinion Pomme Restaurant is one of the most underrated fine restaurants in St. Louis. The food is always innovative and of the finest quality, always great specials, and I love the small dimly-lit setting. I'm always impressed with how educated and pleasant the servers are. Not being a Port connoisseur, a request for a recommendation turned into a quite interesting overview of the differences, I just thought that was great that they were so forthcoming.It's on the expensive side, but nothing out of the ordinary for a restaurant of this quality. It's definitely a treat and a memorable experience each time. It's a perfect example of getting what you pay for.
<review# 1140,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/16/2009,5/24/2009,19,46,2,3,4>This is by far my bookstore of choice in Saint Louis.  It has a great selection; I rarely don't find what I am looking for, and when I do they are very quick to order it in.  Their culinary section is very nicely selected in particular; I have been able to find anything from bread baking, to great asian to vegan cupcake cookbooks to Argentine churrascaria here.  The staff recommendations always lead me to discover new good books.  The staff that doesn't harass you on a leisurely book glancing expedition, and you've got to love the cat. I go out of my way to patronize LBB even when it costs me more bucks; we have to support our indie booksellers or else we will find ourselves left only with soulless megastores like Borders, Barnes and Noble and Amazon online with no personal touch, no neighborhood connection, and mass marketed mediocre books supplied in abundance and smaller titles, less popular/controversial topics,  and independent publishers pushed aside.  I don't want to live in a world without independent booksellers, so I put my money where my mouth is.
<review# 1141,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/16/2009,5/23/2009,92,237,1,1,1>I had guests in from England and Chicago.  I blindly took them here and it was GREAT! They had very talented piano players at the bar that Friday night! My guest from England never heard of this type of bar and Loved it! What a great night!!!  I am taking all my guests there!  Cops really stalk the place at closing so have a ride or a DD.
<review# 1142,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/18/2009,5/22/2009,25,27,,,>All I want to add here is that after having tried the Hot Links and the Pulled Chicken, I have a new lease on life. The Links are the perfect marriage of sweet and heat; the chicken is superbly cooked and tastes excellent with or without the sauce (again: skip the other two and go for Sweet Baby Jane). Pappy's rules.
<review# 1143,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,6/12/2008,5/21/2009,72,652,6,8,4>Hmmmmm....I don't really know how I am really feeling about the Metrolink....hence the three stars...I'm just...undecided....(but I am a loyal every day rider so I'm clearly not THAT disgruntled)I mean....it's so much better than what we had here a few years ago (which was nothing) and it is probably the cleanest public transportation I have ever been on.  It is pretty on time...which is excellent.  You can always find a seat, also great.  I love that you can take your bike on it, and there's always room to prop it up somewhere near the front of the car, and honestly, the price isn't bad ($60 for a monthly pass that you can use on the bus and the light rail...I mean, that's standard American public transportation prices...so I'll take it)  Also, free parking at many of the stations....awesome....However.....(and here comes my rant)I just don't get what Metro is doing here?  I mean, there are two lines that go through, well, not the most logical parts of town.  It's great that they expanded to Shrewsbury, but seriously??  Where are they planning on expanding from there exactly??  Down River Des Peres...well THAT's logical...I mean so many people live next to the sewage river...great planning Metro!  I mean, while you are tearing up 40, why aren't you laying down tracks and making a line out to Chesterfield??  Wouldn't THAT eleviate that traffic problem you facing?      How about instead of planning more lines to North County you shoot something out to South County (down 55 or Gravois??) or out to West County who doesn't have the public transit??  (say 44 or Manchester???)And sure, your trains run on time, but they only run every 20 MINUTES!!!  I mean, come on!!!!  20 minutes to wait for a train???  I lived on arguably the worst line in Boston and I'm telling you, it was NEVER that bad...(ok it was...but not on a regular basis...at least it was scheduled to come every 7 minutes)And finally...WHAT is with your honor system???  You claim you are bankrupt...well...how about a train system that actually requires you to have a ticket instead of being the most easily snuck onto light rail in the country???  That might generate some more revenue.Long story short....it's a great effort Metro.  I know you are trying and I know you are young.  You have made great strides in the short time since you expanded....but my checking account can't take $4/gallon gas.  Get cracking on more lines and more frequent trips, I'd even take better bus lines near parking....I think we can all see the benefit of a public transit system now...oh....and stay open past when the bars close....I beg you....
<review# 1144,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/22/2009,5/20/2009,19,210,,,>Great decor; roomy; quiet; interesting background music.  It was our first visit.  We were very impressed: our food was perfectly cooked and perfectly seasoned.Beet salad, oysters, trout, pork chop, peanut butter ice cream, creme brulee.  All were excellent.
<review# 1145,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/22/2009,5/19/2009,33,68,1,5,2>I do not think I can say anything bad about Four Muddy Paws! I frequent their Lafayette Square location as it is close to home and have never been disappointed! We take our dog for grooming every 6 weeks, and also shop for all of her necessities in the shop. This past February, the staff went out of their way to find and order us a new shamrock collar for our Irish dog to have for St. Patrick's Day!Most recently, I was in for the self-service dog wash. I was greeted by the friendly staff who were more than happy to suggest products in line with my dog's needs. The staff was attentive during the wash offering advice and suggestions with no underlying pressure. My dog left clean and looking good, and was especially happy after receiving a special baseball treat! We will definitely be going back!
<review# 1146,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/22/2009,5/18/2009,22,1,,,>This bar is a bit of a dive, but if you are into karaoke, Friday and Saturday nights are always a blast. Good music and a diverse crowd await you at this corner bar.
<review# 1147,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/22/2009,5/17/2009,2,11,,3,1>Good barbecue is hard to come by in St. Louis and its surrounding areas, but Super Smokers is the exception. I live in St. Louis City so it isn't often that I make it out to Eureka, Mo. But every so often I just have to go to Super Smokers. As a lover of all things barbecue, I can honestly say it is worth the drive. There used to be a location in Crestwood, but it shut down. I guess people don't know good barbecue when it slaps them in the face. Anyway, I use pulled pork as my benchmark for all barbecue joints. It serves as the perfect dish to judge a barbecue place and I have found this method to be accurate. If the pulled pork isn't good, the rest of the menu items probably aren't either. Well, Super Smoker's pulled pork is some of the best I've ever had. It is savory, moist, smokey, and perfectly cooked. You can eat it dry or dab one of your favorite sauces on it - I believe they have six to choose from. Unless you are in Memphis, Tenn. or Kansas City, Mo. you will be hard-pressed to find better pork. I recommend you stop by and give it a shot ... you won't be disappointed.
<review# 1148,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,4/20/2009,5/16/2009,1,9,,1,1>A nice place. we had 3 different wraps, and they were all a bit boring. I have to admit it is as good of middle eastern food as we have found in St. Louis, although that isn't saying too much.We are going to keep trying other restaurants, but will probably go back every 4-6 months if we do not find anything better.(We have eaten at about 100 middle eastern restaurants, including around Detroit - some of the best middle eastern food in America)
<review# 1149,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/21/2009,5/15/2009,4,12,,1,1>I love going to Beldt's. Everytime I've just been looking or actually bought something it's always a pleasant visit. They have a huge selection of both tropical and marine fish. They also have a small selection of reptiles. Their stock on aquariums and media for them, is above decent. All the employees are polite and helpful but above all are knowledgeable about all the fish they carry. The pricing is reasonable and they have many different items and fish on sale every month.
<review# 1150,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/31/2011,1/20/2012,130,56,6,13,7>I go to The Green Goose Resale every Tuesday at 2;00 p.m.  I am selling everything.  After 20 years you accumulate a lot of stuff.  I had brand new items never out of the box.  People give you stuff you never use or would want to use.I have sold quite a few items.  Its great to purge and make a profit!  The owner, Robin is great.  She is easy to talk with.  She really likes her business  and makes it an easy transaction.If you need furniture or household goods, Check this place out.  Robin gets in really good merchandise.  I have a decent size check coming on Nov, 10th.   Martini money!!
<review# 1151,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/24/2011,1/19/2012,132,135,4,8,7>Tis another shiny beacon of hope in the sea of provel that dominates the STL pizza scene! PW joins the ranks of good pizza in STL...a list that is slowly growing. I would put PW's pie on par with Deweys in terms of style. But, i think its better than Deweys. The pies are smaller and the crust has more of a char, the thickness is somewhat similar though...and PW's seemed to have garlic brushed on it (might have been imagining that though, not sure).I ordered an original crust, red sauce, spinach, tomatoes, roasted jalapenos, and sweet pickled pepper. Such a good combo...sweet pickled peppers were super and very unique. Might not suit everyone's taste but i am into it! Must agree with Stephanie S....the spinach/artichoke dip was SUPERIOR to all others i have had. They brought it out and it just looked amazing, it was bubbly and gooey and delicious looking.  It says served with Pita on the menu, but it seem to be more like a fresh baked pizza crust cut into triangles....call it what you will- this "pita" would be good on its own, perfect vessel for the magical dip!Our server was fantastic, she scared  me by not writing anything down...and our order was quite complex. But she did not miss a beat!Oh and their beer selection ruled...lots of local microbrews, gotta love that! I went with Urban Chestnut's Zwickel, which is fantastic. I can't wait to go back to PW!
<review# 1152,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/15/2011,1/18/2012,152,162,1,10,6>This is NOT your normal resale shop. The NCJW Resale Shop just moved a couple of months ago from their old location on Olive at 170 to the fancy strip of Lindbergh in Creve Coeur. It's in the divided portion of Lindbergh between Hwy 40 and Olive. If you are driving north, watch for it next to the Joseph Banks store and use the u-turn ramp at Tealbrook. So let me first say that I'm not a resale or thrift store shopper. I've been popping into the NCJW store for years just to see what they have when I drop off donations. With the move to the new location, this is a completely different store. It looks like a boutique in a swanky neighborhood now instead of a thrift store with tons of racks that require intense digging. This store is beautiful. The shoes are displayed by size in a wall of wooden cubbies that makes me want to browse. Most of the store is women's clothing, coats, shoes purses and jewelry. They have furs and an entire rack of leather coats. Everything is sorted on small racks by type of clothing and size. For someone who doesn't really like shopping, I'm ready to go back! I didn't have time to do more than look around today, so I can't really comment on prices and clothing quality, but my quick perusal suggested that the quality is stepped up from the old location and they probably have a lot of designer brands. If you are looking for clothing for $1, you probably will do better at Goodwill. They also have a section with men's clothing, a small children's clothing corner, household stuff and odds & ends that include books, movies, electronics. Whatever people donate that they think their customers will buy!NCJW also uses the money the store makes to support some great programs, including Back To School! Store which outfits 1000 kids for elementary school with all new coats, shoes, clothing, backpacks & more each July. As soon as I get a chance, I'm going back and browsing through all those beautiful racks!
<review# 1153,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/1/2011,1/17/2012,300,149,,12,8>Like Andrew said, this park is in between Ballas Road and Conway Road. It is almost hidden and the funny thing is that I drove past this park numerous of times until I came to meet one of my girlfriends to have a dog play date (I know, semi lame but hey I love my puppy). It is $15 that you have to pay to the city of Creve Coeur to obtain the code to get your dogs and puppies in. Regardless, this park has a huge lake and two tennis courts which I frequent often (2-3 times a week). I love that each of the tennis courts are separate from one another. Love this park!
<review# 1154,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/14/2011,1/16/2012,81,110,5,9,4>My boyfriend and I made our way over to Mammer Jammer one Saturday for lunch after hearing about their deliciously spicy sandwiches.  First of all. this place is seriously a hole-in-the-wall. It is located in a shabby strip mall on Natural Bridge.  Inside there is a window to order at, two small tables and a boombox.  We both ordered a mammer jammer and fries.  A mammer jammer is pretty much just a cheese steak and you can get it as mild or as spicy as you would like.  They do have other sandwiches, but I have only tried the mammer jammer.I ordered mine mild, which actually had a little kick to it, but I would probably move up to a hot next time. My boyfriend on the other hand, ordered the Mary Francis, which is two away from the IT, which is the spiciest. As my boyfriend was trying to decide how hot he could handle, the gentleman behind the counter said that he only sells 2 or 3 ITs a year, because they are just that HOT. After we ordered we sat down and waited, after a few minutes everyone in the restaurant began to cough from the hot peppers on his sandwich cooking on the flat top.  At that point, I was pretty nervous for him... When we got our sandwiches, we both found them delicious.  Although he sweat a lot more than I did while enjoying it...
<review# 1155,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/2/2011,1/15/2012,224,200,11,14,11>Picture walking into a log cabin kitchen and finding a tall, dark, and sexy man, who just came indoors from chopping wood, cooking a spicy Indian curry dish for you.That's what the aromas in this store had our Christmas Walk group envisioning.I don't cook, but this store makes me wish I did.I found out that the "Vietnamese Cinnamon - Extra Fancy" isn't just talk. Sniff it. INHALE IT. IT'S EXTRA FANCY.I think this store itself is an aphrodisiac.Just....go. Spice is nice!
<review# 1156,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/3/2011,1/14/2012,743,1115,1,7,5>Come one! Come all! 360 is the new trendy 'have to be seen scene' of St. Louis. This neat little rooftop bar has tons. It just opened a week ago, and I am tellin' you -- once you step off that elevator and on to the 26th floor bar of the Hilton, your breath is going to be taken away. Besides the Arch, I think it has probably one of the best views of downtown. The name 360 holds true to its meaning. It provides you a 360 view of downtown. Even in the bathroom --- it has the view!! Not to be discouraged, the stalls of course are closed in.  The sky patio is open with a huge bar, it has 2 sided private lounge areas set on each side of the restaurant too. They are glassed in, but set outside with fire pits. You have the luxury of having a private experience or you can mingle in the outside area in the open outside bar.The restaurant/bar area is truly lush as well. The decor includes lime green chandeliers, hardwood, and lime green being the theme color of the whole place. At night, the lights are turned dim with the lime green line being the light source. Above the main bar inside, there is free hanging dj booth where he rocks out plus the long dangling holders of mixed alcohol that provide some kick for new drinks. According to the bartender, there was an hour long wait to get up to 360 since it was so jam packed this past weekend. There was a 2 story pseudo water fall that streams down from the ceiling to the bottom of the stairs where the restrooms are located. You will notice it when you first walk off the elevator.Now, for the purpose of my attendance -- I held a MeetUp event here! 35+ showed up. So, their policy is that they will not reserve space for a party unless you buy a 'pay per head' kind of deal. Meaning, if I want an event for 30 people, it requires you to guarantee that they will buy how ever much food/drink per person. For this typical event when I inquired about it, they said it would cost me $70 per person for a non - ballgame event. If I didn't get that much per person to buy that much, then I would be stuck paying for the leftovers. My first immediate thought? HELL NAW! So, I did a loophole. It's first come, first serve basis. I got off work at 4:30, and headed straight there. I walked up to a manager and said - 'hey, I'm having 30 people tonight, can you support it? Since I did the first come, first serve thing -- he was immediately accommodating. They set us up in a side lounge in one of the private glassed-in outdoors patios. Granted, I sat there for an hour and a half before my event started, but all of the time was well worth spent. Considering I did not want to drive back to my house, and I was already downtown anyway. It worked out well. As the people started to arrive, we started gathering in the area. It was super hot, but cool enough for us to stand it to a point. We utilized this private space for about 45 minutes before moving in to a table. More people arrived late where a single long table would not be enough. Everyone started to spread out. We wandered outside, some inside. Either way, everyone seemed very happy with the venue and the service. Our server Hayden was more than perfect. She took everyone's names and separated the tabs. You can imagine how tedious this could be for a single waitress helping 30+ people. She kept checking in, kept our glasses filled with no problems. 360 has great staff and security!Now the problems I did have:Prices. I do not like the prices at all. I guess for this type of establishment, the prices are going to be high. They do not do happy hours for the simple reason -- they don't have to nor will they ever have to. Also, it is definitely a good gate keeping tactic to bring in the type of clientele they are seeking. I wish I could sit here and say that the price is what you pay for to have the view, but in the stance -- I disagree. If I buy a glass of wine for $11, then I better get a glass worth $11. I feel they kind of short change you. It doesn't really matter what I think though on that account. They are still going to get business regardless of the prices.Food:My friend and I split a thin crust pepperoni pizza for $14. Again, this was a bit mediocre to me. Some of my other friends had the same reaction. Some liked the food, others not so much and don't feel they got what they paid for. I will quit being so rough. The place has only been open for a week, so, of course it is all about trial and error. I'm sure they will fix what is necessary once it has been open awhile - aka - the menu, and praying the pricing too. Or at least if they don't fix the pricing, they start giving us what we are paying for.I look forward to going again. Next time I go - I am going to shoot for the weekend. I hear they have go-go dancers on the weekend too for the guys if they're interested in that type of thing. See you at 360!
<review# 1157,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/8/2011,1/13/2012,144,692,7,10,9>More rite-of-passage than review,my choices at lunch were but two:turkey, moist, tender on my tongue; brisket, steam drawn deep in my lung;plus slaw with sugar, not too much;sweet potato fries, tasty touch.Since my stomach is so happy,I write this verse praising Pappy.P.S.: For those requiring GLUTEN-FREE choices, "Mike" @ Pappy's recommends BRISKET, GREEN BEANS, and APPLESAUCE. He does NOT recommend the sauces, because they contain vinegar. I believe that only certain vinegars present a danger to celiacs, like non-distilled malt vinegar, or those with malt added after distillation. But I have not confirmed exactly which kinds of vinegars are used in Pappy's sauces.
<review# 1158,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/8/2011,1/12/2012,24,184,,10,5>Heard about a "Soft Opening" of the brand new "Epic Pizza and Subs" next to Soulard's iTap last night and had to get down there to try the burger.  I had originally heard that the name of the place was to be "Epic Pizza and Burgers" but not so.Disclaimer--4 Stars is only because I haven't explored the menu fully, but I expect to go the full 5 in no time.This place is a WINNER!  The space is narrow and deep (maybe 25'x200') and as soon as you're out front you can tell that it's going to really rock when it warms up again next spring.  It has a door entrance and then a roll-up garage door/walk-up counter that I presume will be open for "by the slice" and strolling orders.The decor is beautiful.  Exposed brick and rafters, lacquered/glazed cement floors, local photography/art, high-top tables/booths, old-school sky-lights.  The menu is on several chalk boards behind the counter as you walk in and the selection is ample.  Essentially, until you get all the way past the brick-oven it is one long counter and prep area/grill taking up 3/4 of the width and then the aisle for ordering/perusing while the artisans construct your grub.  After the pizza oven it widens out to seating, restrooms and more.Pizzas are brick oven and of the New York pie variety by look and taste, but I believe you can also do Neapolitan or Margherita-style .  Tried a basic cheese and it was delicious.  Can't wait to add more ingredients on future visits.  Large is 16".  Classic toppings.Several varieties of classic subs, apps, soup du jour, chili, St Louis sides. Hot wings?  Yes!  Fries?  Three varieties (4 I guess if you just order plain).  I got some tasty parmesan-cheese-sprinkled fries that were great.  Hot dogs...I'd have to say yes!Beer and Wine list?  Check!...along with full soda fountain selection.Now, let's get down to why I was really there.  The BURGER!!!!Patties cooked on stainless griddle looked hand-made and are cooked to order.  I went with the usual "medium" and I asked if there was anything special about it before I ordered.  Our cashier (you'll recognize her if you've been to Soulard...it's Ms Mary Quinn--mother of Joe Dirt and El Monstero's very own Mark Quinn) told me "there's a really nice sauce on there that you'll like".  She was correct!  Also grilled onions, lettuce, tomato and choice of cheddar or American cheese.  I had one of each.  Both were cooked and seasoned perfectly, and that sauce?  Nice peppery zing that really brought it all together.  Overall size of the burger was probably about 1/3 pound and it fit nicely on a regular but very fresh hamburger bun.  Surprisingly, the tomato tasted farm fresh, a feat that's hard to pull off in December.So, if you've read any of my burger reviews you know I am very particular and Epic's passes with flying colors!  Priced right @ $5 per, this makes Hardee's "Six dollar burger" for $4 a joke.  Add fries for $2 or $3 as a side.So, I took a slice of pizza, two burgers and a very nice sized serving of fries "to go" and was home tearing that feast up within minutes.  Final thoughts...The brick oven for the pizza is HUGE and this isn't just some faux-brick counter-top deal.  You can warm up from the outside chill by just heading towards the back and putting your hands on the brick.  I didn't see actual flame in the oven and there was wood piled under it, but I suspect it is gas fed if that makes a difference to purists.Didn't see the "dogs" but the menu lists "Red/White Snaps" which refer to beef or veal hot dogs.  Gonna have to check that action!As you walk to the back of this very deep space and appraise the artwork, restrooms and seating, you'll eventually find yourself at a door that leads to a lobby with an ATM and direct open access to the iTap (International Tap House), which if you didn't know, welcomes outside food into their bar and patio.  Menu, take one to go, suggests pairings of tasty beverages from next-door at iTap.  Very clever!Not sure of the hours.  Will update soon!Hmmm...hundreds of beers next to a place that serves wings, fries, burgers and pizza?  They named this place correctly...it's gonna be Epic!
<review# 1159,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/18/2011,1/11/2012,116,188,,10,7>SHOW REVIEW ONLY:I walked in here on a Friday night to catch the late showing of the "Nutcracker Sweet Burlesque" show.  We chose the $10 standing room only tickets (seated tickets are $20).  We got a nice central viewing location and we could lean back against the bar, and it wasn't too crowded. Just about all the seats were filled up.    There's a fancy cocktail menu  that looked interesting, but we just stuck to beer & well-drinks, which were about $5.I really enjoyed the atmosphere of this place, it's done up really well.  It's not too big so you get that intimate experience.  The sound and lighting is super high-quality and you can tell that they invested some serious money in it.The show was a lot of fun.  There were about 10 acts separated by an intermission halfway.  There was some singing, a lot of dancing, and some cool fire-eating.  Lola Van Ella is a fantastic hostess and performer and always kept the energy up.  The whole audience seemed to be enjoying themselves.I felt like I definitely got a lot for my 10 bucks. Even paying $20 for a seat is a good deal.  The next and final viewing for this show is Friday Dec 23rd.  Check it out.
<review# 1160,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/6/2011,11/9/2011,456,314,2,10,7>Took a large group of relatives to Candicci's on Saturday night.  We had 9 people and one waitress.  That could have been a disaster but she was wonderful in getting the job done.  I had Bob's special pizza.  It was a hand tossed, thin crust, sausage, pepperoni, hamburger, and are you ready wait for it.... Mozzarella cheese.  Yes you provel haters can now have it your way.  Or if you like our way with provel.  The pizza was good not the best I have ever eaten but a good solid pizza.  I saved up my carbs so I could eat pizza tonight and was happy but not overjoyed.  When I have to "save" my carbs I want something that will knock my socks off.  Thus I ordered the mozzarella.  So it could have been the 2nd best I ever ate and I would have been a little upset.  Bob Candicci does a good solid job with his food and pricing.  The 9 of ate for $215 including the mandatory service charge.  Not bad but remember there was no booze just food.  I feel very good about taking people here because Bob will come around the table and ask how everything is going as he does with every table.  If you have a problem he will go back to the kitchen himself and move things along.  Good to see he is hands on again.pk
<review# 1161,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/3/2011,11/8/2011,58,205,3,13,8>If there's a better buffet of any sort Downtown, I'd like to find and patronize it.What a great, hidden-in-plain-sight option!The other recent reviewers do a fair job of summing up the offerings. A 'regular' day will include a number of vegan/vegetarian options along with meats, breads, sauces/dressings and basmati rice (pretty much what you'd expect if you've ever been to an Indian restaurant). I agree fully with their assessments of the freshness and quality: the dishes truly are surprisingly above-par and highly satisfying. If there were any complaint, it might be that the buffet could include more items. Compared to the size of the buffet at Everest though, this one offers a competitive number of items (and everything that I tried was a solid execution: flavorful, hot and suitably tender or appropriately crispy).The main entrance is wheelchair accessible from Olive and the host/hostess has a small stand from which to accept payments. Major cards are accepted at the face price of $6.95 ($1.50 for a fountain drink); there may be a small discount available to those paying with cash.Once checked in, the warming stations are towards the back of the long-ish, deceptively large (given the limited frontage) room. A few things stood out as interesting, nice touches:1) Service is on styrofoam plates with paper napkins and disposable utensils. While this probably isn't the best for the environment, it means that you don't have to worry about dirty plates (the one that didn't quite get enough water during the frequent wash cycles...).2) Each of the dishes available was clearly labeled, including an indication of some of the ingredients and preparation style so that those on special diets could make informed decisions without having to ask specially. Some of the labels even included serving suggestions, nice for those unaccustomed to Indian food.3) The lunch rush seemed to be staffed by three or so people: one hostess and two people shuttling food from the kitchen. This worked out surprisingly well. With service on disposables, patrons could easily dump plates as they went. Soft drinks were self-served fountain-style. The platters holding the food were a good size (big enough so that you didn't feel badly about helping yourself; small enough in most cases so that rotations to keep the food fresh were necessary). In short, the waits, when there were any, felt short and better than manageable.Decor was nice enough to bring a friend, but certainly simple. At lunch, light coming in the windows towards the front of the shop gives a nice, natural brightness that compliments the boldly bright paint scheme. There are some photos of other properties that the company holds along the walls, opposite the small tables and high-tops. The background music wasn't bad and 'felt' traditional (whether it was or not, I couldn't say). Cleanliness wasn't a question or an issue.What else can be said in support of a $7-dollar deal that under-promises and over-delivers?
<review# 1162,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/22/2011,11/7/2011,45,301,12,13,8>This is not the DMV.This is the Bizarro DMV, where employees outnumber clients, there is no deli-style number dispenser, and you never get around to playing Angry Birds on your phone because you're done faster than you knew was humanly possible.I'm still in shock.  Did I really walk into the DMV today and have my vehicle titled, with plates in hand, in less than five minutes?  Did I really see a young lady process five driver license applicants in less than 15 minutes?  What the WHAT?I don't know if this office is hyper-efficient because its run by a private company and not the MO Dept of Revenue, and quite frankly, I don't care.  This DMV rocked my world in record time and spit me back out onto the sidewalk before I even knew what happened.  You need to go here, seriously.
<review# 1163,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/16/2011,11/6/2011,132,135,9,8,8>Out of bitterness for being dominated by Pearl Cafe's use of ghost chili..i wanted to give them one star. But luckily, they redeemed themselves on several other fronts.Our waitress Kat was awesome. She was funny and helpful while explaining the spicy challenge. She even cheered us on. and I never had to ask for a refill of water, she was there keeping the H2O coming!Holy beer selection! Pearl Cafe has a TON of awesome microbrews, i was not expecting that! But even a delicious summer ale could not help me dominate my spicy plate of coconut noodles. Two bites of Level 25 and i called it quits...i have no idea how people do this. Respect.After the fire in my mouth quelled, i decided i was hungry and ordered the coconut noodles sans spice. Delicious! I'm enjoying the left overs now for dinner! Thanks to Stephanie S for arranging this group of crazies! And congrats to those who dominated those plates of spice!!
<review# 1164,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/16/2011,11/4/2011,162,304,3,9,8>This place is cray-cray! It's like a mega-dollar store with an Asian flair.When fellow Yelper Hao X. called me from the store telling me I just had to check it out, I stopped by the next day and I'm so glad I did...This place is craaaazy huge! Even when you walk in and you think 'ok, it's not that big' just keep walking and the aisles just keep getting longer and longer in the back.It's really easy to waste at least an hour in this place, I've been twice and I still haven't seen everything (yet).My favorite is the entire imported asian section in the back. I love giggling over the hilarious quotes on the notebooks sold there, as well as adorable heart-shaped seaweed cutters (to pack bento boxes for lunch, if you're looking to be a Japanese housewife), and heart-shaped rice cutters (don't worry,  you can get star shapes too).They had a really interesting asian baking section that had adorable cupcake liners and pans.I went a little crazy over the bowls and plates since I'm into food photography, but note that not every thing is .99, 1.89, or 1.99, since I got a box of four bowls for $9.99 (definitely still a great deal).My boyfriend went a little manic in this store because he LOVES to organize and it was a dream for him. The asian section has about a million little things to organize with, and I had to spend some time trying to convince him that we didn't need a 2nd tier holder to put in the microwave... but hell, maybe we do.There's also generic foods and drinks, sections on hardware, gardening, kitchen supplies, lingerie, snacks, and birthday/kids stuff.All I can say is that, I'm really surprised that every time I've been it's been virtually empty in there and more people haven't discovered it. I'll definitely be back to grab more simple items and see the newly imported asian stuff!
<review# 1165,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/28/2011,11/3/2011,152,162,2,7,5>Have you ever heard of Dim Sum? If not, you are missing out on the Chinese version of Sunday brunch. I've only tried Dim Sum at two places...Lu Lu's and Wonton King, and I like Lu Lu's a lot better. Dim Sum can be best described as an a la carte appetizer buffet that is delivered to your table. Each waitress pushes around a small cart with 2-3 appetizer style goodies. They approach your table, explain what they have to offer and you decide if you want anything from their cart. None of the waitresses seem to speak very good English, so you probably need to be a little adventurous and just give things a try. Picky eaters probably will not do so well.I've found that they are pretty good at gauging when you've had enough, and  you just need to say no a few times and they'll stop bugging you. The bill is surprisingly inexpensive, and with everyone sharing instead of ordering their own entrees, you get to try a lot of things that you might not have otherwise.Dim Sum is only served during Sunday brunch hours and on holidays, and they usually have a packed house. I've made reservations in the past and been glad I did. The one thing I would definitely recommend is the BBQ pork in the center of something like a white bread bun. Have no idea what it is really called.
<review# 1166,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/13/2011,11/2/2011,213,311,,8,7>I have a new crush. It is on Bob, the bartender at JackSon's. His martini making skills have stolen my heart. Sorry Bernie D... Just kidding! But seriously, if you want a martini done right, Bob is your man. The other "new" bartender tried to make me my second appletini martini and let's just say it was lime green. Not a good sign. Bob noticed my sad looking martini when he walked by, smiled, grabbed it , poured it out, and made me a new one his way. Now that's good bartending.Other than the great and friendly service, JackSon's is a chill bar that has great live music. We saw a Brazilian funk group on the Friday night we were there and they rocked the house. It was a total jam session perfect for dancing the night away. I was caught groovin' away in my chair several times and so were the staff!Come check out JackSon's if you're looking for a straight up good time with no frills and no overwhelming crowds. I'll be back, hopefully to try the food out too!
<review# 1167,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/20/2011,11/1/2011,224,200,20,24,16>I'm eating baklava while I Yelp, folks.The finer things in life.I'm feeling uber lazy tonight and wanted someone to deliver food to me. PLEASE, SOMEONE, CATER TO MY SLOTH AND GLUTTONY. I had pizza for lunch and wasn't craving greasy Chinese, so I wasn't sure where else to turn.Searching by neighborhood under the restaurants I desperately scanned the pages for that "Delivery: yes" beacon of hope. While all the S. Grand Vietnamese restaurants disappointed, I stumbled upon "The Vine", and it did not.Placed my order over the phone with no problem - the beef shawarma sandwich, the baba ghanoush, and baklava. 25 short minutes later there was a knock on my door. From a cute sweaty petite girl in a bicycle helmet. She BIKED MY FOOD TO ME. WTF. You think I would be used to the bike thing having lived in TGS for a year and a half but for some reason this amazed me. She commented that the hill I live on "was a beast" and maybe it was to get a good tip, maybe not, but regardless, I left her a nice one.The food - pretty damn good. I scarfed down the sandwich. It was very tasty - juicy, flavorful, creamy, and crispy all in one. The best part was when I peeked in my bag for the next course, THERE WAS A WHOLE 'NOTHER SANDWICH IN THERE. WTF. I hope they didn't make a mistake on my order and that the sandwich really is that ginormous.The baba ghanoush was good, but the pita bread was cold, but then again, MY FOOD WAS BICYCLED TO ME. WTF. So I wasn't expecting it to be piping hot. No real points deducted there.The baklava was YUM. I dislike it when baklava is all sticky and stale tasting. This was not. Crisp and flaky and delicious. Perfect. Bravo.I can't believe I just got Mediterranian food delivered to me. By bike. Do I live in Chicago or something? Haaaa. Effin' sweet, yo.The only reason I didn't give it 5 stars is because I feel like I have to dine in and get the full experience first. But considering I didn't even know this place existed before, I will definitely make an effort to track it down and sit down and eat next time. And it's now on my unofficial "Favorite Delivery Places" list. WOOT.
<review# 1168,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/8/2011,10/31/2011,98,1037,6,10,9>I think I found a new favorite pub! This place was dimly lit with lots of character an old-ass yet friendly bartender. Plus there was a live 8 piece Irish band playing at the doorway. The bartender says they play ever Wednesday. $3 pint specials on Shlafly was nice too. Smoker's beware, this pub likes it's tobacco. Cool, eclectic ash trays everywhere inviting you to smoke. I just visited to drink.  I saw a sign about pizzas but didn't partake.  I'm not sure that they make anything else to eat.Do you remember the first time you went to McGurk's and sat in the front room with the band playing. Everyone is so happy, the room has a historic vibe to it. Within minutes you're tapping your feet and ordering car bombs. Then you realize that the rest of the bar is nothing compared to the front room. Just over-hyped, over-grown, missing it's true character... ...We'll Riley's is like the front room of McGurks and nothing more. Come for a pint and a smile. And if you like live music, come on a Wednesday.
<review# 1169,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/19/2011,10/30/2011,743,1115,2,7,4>3 stars from you guys? Wow, totally didn't see that coming. 5 stars from me!My friend Jeff and I came here for a late lunch. I had never heard of this place or really have been out in Clayton much during the day either. He was giving me a list of places to check out while we were walking, and not hearing him properly I thought he said "hibachi". I'm like "oh yeah!" Little did I know when we walked in that it was Bocci not hibachi. My fault for selective hearing and not asking him what type of food it was.This modern Italian eatery is quaintly situated in the middle of downtown Clayton. The family that owns it also owns BARcelona, Coastal, and Mosaic. Different siblings own the difference restaurants. All centrally located to one another.Jeff & I split the Lobster BLT pizza which is served on both the lunch and dinner menu. They have different menu items for dinner and lunch with the exception of their specialty pizzas and pastas which are served for both. In addition to your lunch make sure you try their side salads as well which can be added on for a few dollars more.About the lobster pizza -- if I had to have wish for a final meal, this might just be it. It is so wonderful! The thin crust pizza comes with lobster meat (obviously), tomatoes, Margarita styled pizza, topped with drizzled crème fraiche and a light garnish. Jeff and I indulged it. The pizza is perfect for 2 people to split. It comes in either the personal pan size or a '10 inch. The '10 inch provides 4 slices a piece.Moving on. Dessert!We ordered their salted caramel gelato. This savory dessert is indeed as good as it sounds! Very light, good contrast with the salt/sweet combo accompanied by  in house-made ginger cookies. Bocci has bragging rights to say they have a pastry chef. This pastry chef also makes the delectables for BARcelona too. It is $6 dollars for 2 scoops and just enough for 2 people as well. If you order and extra scoop, I think it might be too overwhelming. Too much of a good thing if you know what I mean.I love it! This place is definitely on my new list of favorite lunch places. And to think we escaped with paying under $30 for all of this! Our tummies were satisfied.
<review# 1170,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/23/2013,10/12/2013,139,268,2,8,7>I was really sad to go to Royal Kebab, as it once was El Burrito Loco. El Burrito Loco was a favorite of mine so we ventured forth with optimism. There was a woman inside watching Middle Eastern soup operas and the rest of the place was empty. Decor was nothing to write about. We ordered a gyro sandwich, fries, sambosa and 2 orders of falafel. I guess when you dine in, they start you off with free soup. My 3 year old daughter actually ate this vegetable soup & ENJOYED HERSELF. It was astonishing. When the food came out, we were concerned that we ordered too much- the portions are ridiculously large. Everything was super inexpensive so we figured the portions would be small but we were wrong. The falafel was really nice and came on a plate with beautiful presentation. Lots of veggies but no tzatziki or tahini but instead RANCH dressing. I hate to admit, I kinda liked it... but I rather have tzatziki any day.The gentleman who cooked the food came out to personally check on us and make sure we were happy. That was a really nice touch. And for $22 we had enough food for 3 at lunch plus enough leftovers for us at dinner. Great bargain and great service.
<review# 1171,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/27/2013,10/11/2013,527,814,6,15,12>We just had lunch at Russell's on Macklind and to borrow the words of Jack Buck, "that's a winner". It was amazing! I could not find fault in anything we had or in the service. It was all outstanding and I can not wait to come back to experience dinner and Sunday Brunch. The BF enjoyed a Cuban Grill with Soup of the Day, Broccoli and Cheese and a side of Billy Goat Chips. The Cuban was perfectly grilled, toasting the bread to a nice crunch and melting the swiss cheese just enough to cover the pork, ham and pickles. It may have been 95 degrees outside, but the Broccoli Cheese Soup still hit the perfect spot in our tummies. It was rich creamy and filled with small bite size pieces of broccoli. The hometown Billy Goat Chips are always perfect with any penni type sandwich. Having a list on Yelp, I felt an obligation to order their Mac-n-Cheese that was served with side salad. The Mac-n-Cheese is probably the best I have ever had at a restaurant, anywhere. The noodles were a perfect al a dente and evenly covered in a flavorful cheese. It then had multiple big croutons like those on the side salad perched on top. The portion was so huge, I will be having a small serving for breakfast in the morning. The side salad was mixed greens with veggies, shredded Parmesan, garlic croutons and tossed with a Herbed Balsamic Vinaigrette. We thought it was odd when reading the menu that all salads had the same dressing. Are they lazy and taking the easy way out? No, the dressing is that good, that they don't need to offer another option. Sarah S. said the workers here are a highlight. I'll agree, but change the word to a "delight". You may have ordered at the counter and the food was delivered by a runner from the kitchen, but they still out shined some servers I've had at a sit down restaurant. When no one was at the counter, they'd work the cafe like a hostess at a party. Making sure that everything was to your satisfaction and filling beverages. It was a delight talking with the young lady with blue hair. With all the sweet treats on display, we couldn't leave without stocking up. Yes, we bought more then one. We walked out with two cupcakes that will put Jilly's to shame. Bring on the cupcake wars and Russel's on Macklind would win hands down. We also got two different Gooey Butter treats Peanut Butter and Three Berries which will be served up for breakfast tomorrow. I can not wait to go back for Brunch and taste those made to order biscuits and their house made Bloody Mary mix.
<review# 1172,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/4/2013,10/10/2013,317,728,10,21,19>My college chum and I arrived 12:10 p.m. Friday. We would have made a reservation, but weren't sure when we would arrive. The website recommends reservations, and I would concur.Our plan was to eat lunch first. Then explore the museum.They were full, so we got a 1:30 p.m. reservation. As it turned out, it was the best thing possible. They suggested we arrive 10 minutes before our reservation time.And we did that.They weren't ready for us. And we saw lots of cluttered, empty tables that had not been bused while we waited for them to get our table ready. They didn't seem at-the-crack for busing those tables. Maybe they had other things to do. But it was a little disconcerting.We got a nice table that looked out to the St. Louis statue. And saw many people coming into the museum. Great people-watching!We ordered beverages. I stuck with water.Then we were delivered warm, yeasty rolls and a little container of butter topped with fleur de sel. Man, was that roll good. The fleur de sel had such a heavenly crunch that paired well with the butter that paired well with the roll.Next, we were delivered an amuse bouche -- a peach and basil soup. It was so tasty and refreshing.Holy cow! I was half full!My college chum ordered the small wedge salad ($7) -- iceberg, Bleu cheese dressing, bacon, Tomato, Marcona almonds and corn. It was an interesting twist on the classic wedge salad.She also got the curried chicken salad sandwich ($12) --  with celery and raisins on herbed focaccia. It comes with a petit salad, but she asked if she could sub something, since she was already getting a salad. Our server offered a couple options, and she chose the homemade potato chips.I ordered the herb-roasted turkey sandwich ($11) -- with bacon, avocado, Swiss cheese, lettuce, tomato, grilled red onion and dijon on multi-grain bread. It comes with a petit salad dressed in red wine vinaigrette.Each of our sandwiches was cut in half diagonally. In each half was a long skewer filled with: a pickled onion, a pickled mini red pepper beautifully cleaned, a large green pimiento-stuffed olive and a cornichon.How delightful these little additions were. So fun, so good, great-tasting briney and vinegary.My college chum liked the wedge salad and although it was a small, it wasn't really that small. She ate about half.She loved her sandwich. It was so yellow, I was afraid it was too much curry. But she said it was perfect, especially paired with the herbed focaccia.Her homemade potato chips were fine, but they weren't salted in any way whatsoever. A little sprinkle would not have hurt.My sandwich was thick and full of gumption. It was a stupendous blend of lovely flavors, yet you could taste everything separately. It's a hearty sandwich. And it was divine.The salad was  . . . interesting. Looked like a bunch of weeds I could have gotten from my yard.And waaaaaaay underdressed. I asked for extra dressing. That helped, but it was a just-greenery salad. No extras here. That was disappointing, and many of the greens had stems galore. Don't you trim those?And it's difficult to get those damn things in your mouth, 'cause they're all a-flutter. I'm not a fan of fighting food to get it into my mouth.So on the take-home and why it was better to have been through a part of the museum before lunch:I took my salad and 3/4 of my sandwich home, along with my college chum's homemade potato chips and her leftover wedge salad, and one of her skewers Gol I love that stuff. She took half of her sandwich home.This would not have been a good thing to be dragging through the museum. I had two bags. She had one.If you're a member, you get 10% off your meal. Score for both of us!
<review# 1173,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/9/2013,10/9/2013,44,34,3,6,3>Really enjoyed Orbit Pinball Lounge. I discovered it while attending an event for a Meetup group, it was game night and this was the perfect place for a game night. I would say that it was a little dark inside the bar area which made it difficult for gaming but fun for just chilling out with friends. I just so happened to arrive during happy hour which was cool because I got a PBR for two bucks. I'm not a big drinker but when I do I drink cheaply haha! The bartender was really cool, very personable and really nice. I found out they served pizza but I did not order any food because I ate before the event and wasn't aware that they had food there but another cool thing was that they allowed food to be brought in from the restaurant down the street. I'm not sure if it was a once in awhile kind of thing just because we had an event going on there but I will find out for more clarification. I really loved this place but the one thing I would say I didn't like is the parking. From what I saw, there was only a small parking lot with only five spaces to park at and the rest was street parking. But the street parking had a bunch of no parking restrictions so, I saw it to be very sketchy. I will have to find out more clarification on that issue as well. Maybe there was another parking lot across the street that I just didn't see. Either way, definitely a place worth checking out to hang back and play some skeeball!  (and pinball too, of course, I'm just a fan of skee ball) haha!
<review# 1174,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/28/2013,10/8/2013,95,111,7,10,6>Okay, okay, okay, okay. What is the deal with these bad reviews? Perennial Artisan Ales is one of the best microbreweries in the Lou. I have been there twice and both times the service was amazing. My husband and I went there this weekend and both waitresses we had were so friendly. The beer is incredible. Have not had a bad beer. On my last visit, I got the Saison De Lis. What I call a "Real Women's beer," it's a belgian-style ale with chamomile that tastes as fresh as it sounds. I am not sure what the wall color has to do with the experience. I think the decor is just as minimal-chic as 4 hands and Schlafly. Okay, what I will say, it's location is at the intersection of ghetto and nowhere BUT it's well worth it. And yes, when there is a lot of people, it takes a while to get a beer...because you know, there is a lot of people. Overall, Perennial Artisan Ales is wonderful!
<review# 1175,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/25/2013,10/7/2013,54,226,3,4,3>What's is fantastic about the west county post location?  It's EXACTLY the same as the Maplewood location.  A little more seating and a large covered patio space add for some extra benefits, but from the plethora of TVs, to the menu items, right down to the tables, chairs and AWESOME service this place is still one of the best sports bars in town.For those that don't know the maplewood location.  The Post is your classic sports bar, with more TVs than your eyes can handle, awesome happy hour and game day specials, with a decent alternative to the norm beer selection as well.  Their menu is classic pub fare ranging from burgers, to pizzas, to some great buffalo chicken.Servers are awesome, managers are friendly, and the place is clean.  If you were looking to do something other than eat food, drink beer, and watch sports, pick a different location.Nice work Post.  If it ain't broke don't fix it.
<review# 1176,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/5/2013,10/6/2013,56,220,3,7,4>Ever since Casa Gallardo closed I've been looking for a restaurant to fill that void in my stomach that Casa once filled.  Even though Hacienda is completely on the other side of St. Louis from us, it's worth the trek.We came to Hacienda for cinco de mayo, awesome party, great music, great party!!!  I've also visited with my family since cinco, we enjoyed great service and wonderful food.  I had the Navajo Taco, which is like a flat pita with all of the goodies piled on top.  Unfortunately, it was so filling and I had eaten too much chips & salsa that I didn't get to eat very much of it!  My parents said the pork chops were absolutely to die for tender and have already gone back to get more!Hacienda is going to be on our regular rotation.
<review# 1177,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/11/2013,10/5/2013,65,153,5,7,6>Look, what the heck am I gonna write that will add or detract from the other 205 reviews that came before me?  Nuthin'.  However, being a dutiful Yelper, I will throw in my two cents.Not being a St. Louis native, it blows my mind that this wonderful zoo is free.  My wife and I have been going here for years, and our 2-year old has been doing so before she could even walk.  It is a terrific place to go when you need to just get out and do something.  Plus...it's flippin' free!Yes, there are busy days and parking can be tough.  However, if you come here enough, you'll start to get creative and find secret spots (try across the interstate by the Turtle Park and the surrounding neighborhood).  Also, yes, the zoo can get downright packed...but even on the busiest days, it is easy to have a good time.  For free!From my perspective, here are the highlights.  It's free, it's big, it's stroller-friendly, and we can bring our own food in.  As a parent, that's all I care about.  Is there space, and can we save on cash and bring in our own grub?  FREE!As far as zoos go, this place is top-notch.  Do some surfing, and you'll see the St. Louis Zoo on dozens of Top 10 lists, usually battling it out between San Diego and Omaha for first place (being from Omaha, I have been going to the Henry Doorly Zoo since I was a kid, and that place is great, too.  But it ain't free).Awesome place to go!...for free...
<review# 1178,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/2/2013,10/4/2013,81,165,5,9,6>First I have to give my wife props for picking this place for our anniversary dinner.  You can see what matters most to us.  After having tried some of their dishes at the Yelp Speakeasy we decided to visit their brick and mortar establishment.     To start, it is small.  Located within steps of the metro-link station at Debaliviere and Forest Park Parkway.  Only about 5-6 tables and then bar like seating by the window.  You order from the counter but pay as you leave.  The menu is provided in 2 forms both the chalk board and a laminated version.  Using some of my fellow Yelpers reviews we decided to order the 4 Horsemen (that was mine) and the chicken and waffles.  We also ordered the sweet fries but what ended up as our only glitch of the meal they forgot them.... Darn.  I had read some reviews about the speed of service.  We were actually very lucky.  The place was fairly full as we had to sit at the window but our food was delivered within 15 minutes from when I checked in on Yelp!  Not bad for food made to order.  The 4 horsemen was perfect.  Since I couldn't decide what I wanted (I wanted everything) this dish was a perfect sampler of what I wanted.  The portions are generous but I still downed it... (pat myself on the back).  Loved it.  The taste was excellent and just what I was looking for.  A variety of everything with just the right amount of spice/kick.  My wife enjoyed the chicken and waffles... perfect comfort food.  They do have numerous TVs at this location and the owner was extremely pleasant.  We will be back as I promised the owner, but a little info provided us is that they are moving!!!The new location should be open in July at the corder of Pershing and Union.  Can't wait.
<review# 1179,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/10/2013,10/3/2013,54,81,3,5,4>I had been meaning to stop by this coffee shop for months. You can see if from 40 as you speed by, that is if you're not gazing at Forest park or the giant "ZOO" sculpture on the North side of the highway. We stopped by Comet Coffee one early Sunday morning only to find we were about 15 minutes too early. I was patiently reading their flyers on the door waiting for opening, when *gasp* they let us in early! We sat INSIDE, in warmth, out of the cold while they prepared the store. Bonus points!I had a vanilla latte (latte art- score!) and a chocolate scone. Danny had a mocha and a chocolate scone too. Did I mention the scones were warm? Um...drool. So worth the exit off Forty and pulling off onto the weird side street that is Oakland.
<review# 1180,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/10/2011,12/20/2011,9,33,3,12,6>To round out my previous review of Salt, I made an appearance at brunch this morning. Some of their dinner selections made it onto the brunch menu like the brulled pomelo salad, the pork and fennel meatballs with blackberry preserves and their cheese and cured meats selections. The sunny dining room is the perfect brunch setting, although I chose to sit on the ivy-wound patio where they have filled an old fountain with an abundance of fresh herbs. I can only imagine how lovely the patio will be on a warm summer evening.I enjoyed the poached egg and ham salad biscuits topped with hollandaise: easily the most delicious thing I have eaten this year. There was a very real possibility that I would lick the plate, but I managed to scrape up enough residual goodness with my fork. The ham salad is made with yogurt and has a delicate taste that perfectly balances the hollandaise and eggs.My companion ordered the french toast and at just $6 it's a steal. Thick cut slices of french toast are accompanied by strips of local bacon and a bottle of warm, authentic maple syrup. While I gleefully devoured my eggs, she was just as happy with her french toast.FYI, the soft drink selection is a bit unusual, but there's a nice variety. I ordered a San Pellegrino Aranciata (sort of like Italian Orangina) but they also carry Mexican coke bottles, canned sprite and some boutiquey bottled soda brand for those into that. I can't comment on the coffee myself, but my companion couldn't get enough of it.The brunch menu will probably shift as often as their dinner menu, but I'm sure a few staples will remain. Check it out on Saturdays and Sundays from 10 am to 2 pm!Edit: Can I just add that this place composts!?!?!? AWESOME!!!
<review# 1181,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/20/2011,12/19/2011,527,814,5,10,11>I have a bone to pick with O'Connell's and it's a chicken bone. Why do you only offer the best wings in the city only on Sunday?Big Dramatic Pause.......Never mind I figured it out. If you offered these everyday of the week, they might over shadow your fantastic grilled burgers and put other wing places out of business. Those of you who have not had their wings, go this next Sunday. You'll experience spicy hot, burn your lips, meaty, moist and juicy wings. We went last night, forgetting O'Connell's would be the perfect place to take dad for his special Hallmark Day. They were packed to the rafters, but the wait staff was working the room and turning the tables fast and still giving attentive service.I also need to give a big shout out to the kitchen staff at O'Connell's. They prepare the "perfect" burger. No matter how you order it, they do it right.They're so thick, that I have a hard time getting my mouth around it and I have a big mouth. They only offer two cheeses; American and Swiss. No provel at O'Connell's, that one is worth an additional star. Had the Onion Rings last night and they were better then my favorite place for rings. I'm beginning to believe whatever O'Connell's offers, they've perfected it. I swear O'Connell's is like a good wine, it seems to be getting better with age.
<review# 1182,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/15/2011,12/18/2011,80,275,8,7,7>Constructed within the original abandoned warehouse now home to Koken Art Factory and a jazz club next door, Shameless Grounds is not your average liberal coffee shop. Sure, we have Mokabe's with the owners' politics displayed on the fridge for all to see but is there a more sex-positive latte-brewer around? Not that I can think of, until now!I went here for the first time with some friends from out of town last Saturday for a gender-bending drag show (genderf*ck for those who care), and they were surprised with the place itself more than the show (although they were blown away by the performers). Naked photos on the wall (very tasteful though), advertisements for their nude model hour, and a surprisingly mixed atmosphere, bringing together people of all ages and types. It's not in a great-looking area, and if you are a prude then sadly this isn't the place to go. But if you are looking for a place that accepts you for whomever type gender you are, aim to be, or will be screwing tonight, this is the place for you!
<review# 1183,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/18/2011,12/17/2011,156,339,3,8,6>First impression:The World Chess Hall of Fame is a gorgeous new space in the heart of the Central West End.  This new center, directly across the street from its sister facility, the Chess and Scholastic Center of St. Louis, is a sight to behold: it hosts three floors of chess-related paraphernalia sure to wow newbie and International Grandmaster alike.The first and second floors currently hold the Hall's rotating collections, which are slated to change every three months or so.  Currently, the first floor holds a variety of chess-related art installations, including a magnificent human-sized chessboard with costumes designed for a live chess performance by Freudian actors.  A philosophically interesting piece by Yoko Ono is here too, mirrored in larger scale by a similar exhibit in the Contemporary Art Museum also here in St. Louis.The second floor contains several dozen historic chessboards on display that take the viewer through chess's evolution from India through Persia to Europe and the rest of Asia.  The sheer variety across the boards and pieces is really incredible.On the third floor, you'll find the actual Hall of Fame, which features plaques dedicated to its many honorees.  The Hall of Fame was situated in Florida before it made its recent move to St. Louis.  A small gift shop on the ground floor contains knick knacks related to chess by varying degrees.It's worth going out of your way to see the World Chess Hall of Fame.  The staff is friendly and outgoing, the decor and layout are aesthetically appealing, and the $3 suggested donation is a steal for the several hours or more you could spend in this historic Central West End building.  Enjoy your visit!
<review# 1184,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/15/2011,12/16/2011,194,81,4,7,6>Las Fuetes is our favorite Mexican restaurant in North County.  The staff is friendly and the meals are reasonably priced.  It is also really close to home so that is a huge plus.The chips and salsa are really good.  The chip are fresh and the salsa is flavorful, but not too spicy.My favorite meal is the Quesadilla Azteca with its chorizo and beans cooked into the cheese.  The margaritas are strong and the tequila tastes cheap to me, but they are worth getting.  Just monitor your consumption closely, you can be under the table in no time. :)
<review# 1185,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/18/2011,12/15/2011,38,146,2,5,4>I agree with  Jeremy C. that Pei Wei is better than P.F. Chang's.  The food was cheaper and better quality. So I will be skipping P.F. Chang's next time! I got the honey glazed tofu with brown rice.  AMAZING! I love the tofu- as Erika W. mentioned, it is thinly sliced and does seem to be fried, which gives it a chewy and hearty texture. No lumpy foamy tofu blocks here!  One downfall- the veggie spring roll was not great and my brother felt nauseous after eating his crab wontons (basically crab rangoon).  So I'd avoid the appetizers and go straight for the entrees.
<review# 1186,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/23/2011,12/14/2011,111,674,,5,6>I started to volunteer here today & absolutely loved it.  I came here to get over my fear of dogs & to learn dog psychology due to my bad neighbor's dog(s).  After today, I have come to appreciate animal shelters.  The volunteers are kind animal lovers who are patient with newbies like me.  The dogs are sooo wonderful & loving & don't behave like my bad neighbor's dogs.  Makes me want to adopt the dogs.  I still have a little bit of dog fear in me, but it's going to slowly go away after a few more volunteer sessions.
<review# 1187,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/28/2011,12/13/2011,139,268,12,6,5>Grandpeeps get your discount cards. This place doubles as a retirement home outing destination for seniors everywhere. Gingham's is traditional American fare. Sammiches, fried goods and breakfast foods. Hospitality is top notch. Not a fan of the permitted smoking near my Belgium waffles, but what can you do?They definitely threw down on my eggs benedict and my friggin' hashbrowns were browned to the perfect medium crispiness. I tipped the waitress a solid 50% just because.Plus they give you an entire pot of coffee for every table.The grandpa at the nearest table had a plethora of rolls with honey butter, then they ordered fried chicken which appeared to boast an entire clucker plus 2 corn on the cob. After I saw this 70-something demolish all of this food, I heard talk of pumpkin pie. I swear he only weighed a buck fifty.... it was like watching that crazy Asian eat all those hot dogs. Wow.
<review# 1188,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/4/2011,12/12/2011,90,53,,5,2>Korean restaurant, next to a Korean/Asian Grocery = Win/Win. Also next to a bar called Pink Galleon..so if you wanna hang out after dinner to shoot pool, play ping pong, shuffle board etc = great location. (Ok, enough about Pink Galleon). So, ambiance: 1. Plenty of space, awesome for large groups (and i think you can even get your own private space if you have a group large enough)2. TV = Not bad. 3. Parking = Not a problem. Food: We ordered: 1. Bulgogi - Best I've tasted in St Louis so far, the meat was very well marinated and you get both the smokiness from the grill but also the marination was different  and not in a bad way! 2. Dak Kalbi - Excellent, chicken was tender, smothered in sauteed onions.. oh man, you just keep wanting more after the 1st bite! 3. Egg Drop Soup (?)  - tasty, not too spicy, and excellent way to wash down the other stuff you're continuously putting in your mouth! 4. Small Dishes: This is probably the 1st Korean restaurant I've been to in which I've tried all the small dishes and loved all of them! (i think we asked for 2nds for 70% of the small dishes!). (And we finished all of them!) For a good Korean bite, go check out Han Gook Kwan!
<review# 1189,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/19/2011,12/11/2011,275,429,4,9,9>Why, oh why did I eat so much popcorn at the movies last Friday?  I had no room left in my belly to enjoy any of the Yelp Eats specials, despite the drool the menu set off!The nice thing about Sanctuaria?  You don't necessarily have to eat anything here to have a terrific time.  The cocktails are fabulous and with a list of 150ish classic and newfangled drinks, you're bound to find something you like, nay, LOVE.I've been into fizzes lately, made frothy with egg whites, so I was excited to try the Hell's Fire Fizz and the Sour Sloeberry Fizz.  Both were fun, complex and refreshing (although the Hell's Fire might be considered a little heavier, due to the addition of cream).  Delicious!Our server was chill, but attentive and gave me plenty of time to read through the menu before making my choices (and it does take a while, if you're really reading).  The dimly lit rooms, candlelight and Buena Vista Social Club-style music lends a sexy ambiance to the place, but the playful art keeps things light, fun and clever (especially the ceiling mural in the bathroom).I am SO looking forward to heading back to Sanctuaria for more fabulous drinks and what sound like delicious tapas--and hoping to update my review with a 5th star soon!
<review# 1190,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/13/2013,5/3/2014,45,113,,7,3>Thanks to all the Yelpers for the reviews.  I was looking for a good laid back breakfast joint and this was perfect.  Letty Lou's is a smaller diner-esque establishment that appears to be female owned and operated.  Breakfast felt like I was eating with family.  I ordered the dieter's dream which was crispy hash-browns topped with scrambled eggs, cheddar cheese and country sausage gravy.  What made this dish perfect was that it was not drowning in gravy.  The hash-browns were also perfectly salted. It was too much for me to finish.My wife got the breakfast sandwich on a pretzel bun.  Eggs your style, bacon, choice of cheese and shaved ham complete the sandwich.  Looked good!The staff were very friendly and appreciative of our visit.  There is a park with a playground next door for families wanting to exercise the kids.Give Letty Lou's a shot.
<review# 1191,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/13/2013,5/2/2014,17,101,4,6,5>I love this place! Why? Because they are the only ones I know who carries the wine that Ilke without having to drive to "Top Wines" in Columbia, MO to get it, LOL!!! Really, the BF and I was downtown at a function and decided to go in. this place is so "sexy" and relaxing (sorry fellas). Really nice atmosphere. I ventured to the side and saw wines that you can purchase. Lo and behold - my wine was there! No I won't tell you what it is because then YOU will buy it and I'll have to go looking again. But it was nice to see it and I was excited! Now I go in there regularly to purchase it. I am yet to eat here, but one of the chefs was at the Fall Fest downtown yesterday (10/12/13) and he was serving up some crabcakes! I LOVE crabcakes and his were smelling so good. I told him I am going to have to go and have some crabcakes will sipping on my fav. I will definitely be doing that soon!
<review# 1192,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/30/2013,5/1/2014,224,225,,15,4>I found my new love affair: maple bacon donuts!I admit, I am not a big fan of bacon, especially bacon on a sweet product originally intended to be a dessert item. The bacon sundae from Burger King? Nasty! Why on earth would places want to make a bacon milkshake? Nasty!But this donut was absolutely delicious. It tasted like a mixture consisting of maple bacon and pancakes. This establishment also has other great options including red velvet, oreo and butterfinger.The only disadvantage about this place is that prices can be a tad high. I paid almost $15 for a dozen donuts. It will be a stop, however, it might have to be a once in a while splurge, just because of their high prices.
<review# 1193,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/31/2013,4/30/2014,88,58,2,7,3>One of my favorite places to hang out downtown. The list of things that are outstanding here is so long I don't know where to start. Between the great music, the outdoor patio, the great drink specials, and all that food, I don't know which one is better than the others. It is one of the go to places after a Cardinals game.
<review# 1194,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/21/2013,4/29/2014,50,140,6,10,7>Disneyworld for Drinkers!  If they don't have it at Randall's, you may have made it up.  Well organized, well stocked and the staff is quite knowledgeable.  They usually have at least one wine afficianado on duty who can talk you thru your selection.  They also have a wall of wines rated 90 and up that vary in prices, flavors and all feature good descriptions.  I have literally spent an hour here on a Saturday just browsing the wine wall.Their beer selection features a lot of craft beers as well as local options.  I was happy to find Crown Valley's Strawberry Cider here after trying it at MoBot's Fest of Ale (like drinking strawberry champagne).  During the warmer months they stock a lot of craft beer in cans for those taking part in area park recreational leagues (no glass in the parks).  Skip the PBR and get good beer for the team!Their liquor options are expansive and organized by type with signs to assist in your search.  They usually have many collector editions of bottles and gift sets, so your gift shopping is covered here too.Sometimes there can be a line to check out, but they keep that organized too and have many registers going at peak times.Only issues giving it 4 stars are the parking situation and the hours.  Sometimes it can be hard to navigate the lot or get in/out, espcially around Halloween when Johnny Brock's is busy.  They close earlier than you'd expect for a liquor establishment, but some of that probably involves the surrounding neighborhood.
<review# 1195,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/8/2013,4/28/2014,120,145,1,8,6>I have pasted this place so many times only to see the parking lot completely full.  We had always planned to stop, but over the years never had.  Today was finally the day.There isn't many options in St. Clair to begin with, but on the way home today I stopped in with 3 of my daughters to eat.  it was around 2:30, so we missed the crowd.  We walked in and was told we could set wherever we wanted.  There were 2 nice flat screens with different football games.  Nice touch for a Mexican restaurant.  Our waitress took our drink orders and gave us the menu.  Pretty typical Mexican restaurant menu.  I asked for some cheese dip along with our chips.  It was quickly brought to the table and had a little extra kick to the typical white cheese.  Good stuff!My girls ordered a burrito, and I had a combination platter that included  a burrito, taco, enchilada and chili relleno.  Although my expectation walking in was to blow me away.  It wasn't the 5 star I was expecting but it was a bit above average for most Mexican restaurants.  I will for sure be back.
<review# 1196,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/18/2013,4/27/2014,12,169,4,7,5>Grab your smoking jacket - you know, the corduroy one with the patches on the elbow - and head on over to the Fox & Hound for a drink by the fireplace. The dimly-lit room, combined with couches and chairs strategically grouped to make a very small place feel intimate, just screams smoking jacket!I love this place when its cold outside for the coziness it provides. It always seems busy, but that's probably due to the fact that it's connected to a hotel. If you get a seat away from the busy bar, though, life is good. Red wine comes in small, single-serving carafes along with a giant red wine glass to pour it in when you sit down, which pleases me to no end. This is an excellent place to warm your bones and sooth whatever else ails you with a nice, stiff drink.
<review# 1197,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/22/2013,4/26/2014,36,84,3,6,4>Since I settled on a four star rating for Silver... I have to give Orbit a five star...Why?Orbit is better.They are completely different vibes though. Orbit has a bit more upscale feel. Not upscale, but more upscale than Silver. Also? There is no cloud of smoke when you enter the door.I 100% agree with other reviewers that this place is small. A buddy and I went there on a night they happened to be having a Skee ball tournament (I actually don't recall ever having played skee ball in my life... which maybe needs to be mended - next time!) and it got a big crowded as people were sitting at and standing around the middle tables in the back room. Hard to get my pinball on when someone was less than a foot away behind me.I only played a couple of the machines... I played The Simpsons one, whichever one is to the left of that machine... and the Austin Powers machine (which was by far my favorite... toilets, flowers, shagging, time warps, and mini-me). I was decent at it even after my standard cosmo, twice earning a replay for  a decent score.Cosmo was about average to little more than average price... I feel like it was $9? Which is akin to a place like Bailey's Chocolate Bar, only without as much alcohol in it.
<review# 1198,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/25/2013,4/25/2014,69,433,,7,5>This is a must for any person who lives or is visiting St. Louis.Free tour.Free beer.Great, rich history.Beautiful Clydesdales.There is something for everyone at AB.  The tours run every hour, on the hour and the tour guides are very knowledgeable.  Be ready to walk the grounds, only shuttle option is the one at the very end.  If you're wanting a more specialized tour, try the Beermaster tour where you learn how to make the beer.This is something you can come to again and again.  They just opened up a Biergarten which is gorgeous and during the Christmas holiday, they have something called Holiday Lights which bring families together.Check it out!
<review# 1199,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/12/2014,4/24/2014,20,64,2,8,5>If you remember Jenny McCarthy from MTV Spring Break in the mid 90's you'll know she asked for one thing ...MORE WAFFLES PLEASE!  Nearly 2 decades later Melt delivers on that request.  (+1 cool point for you if you recall that MTV reference)I'm guessing an antique store was in this place before and when they closed they just left all their stuff and Melt moved in & made use of the furniture and decor.  The result is a mixed bag of randomness crossed with your grandma's living room, but end of the day they make it work.  Melt's menu revolves around waffles & whatever your eating niche is they got a waffle for you (buttermilk, cornmeal, gluten free, vegan).  I had the Wake n' Bake which has bacon & sausage cooked in the batter and then topped with eggs & cheese.  This waffle was the cats meow and makes Waffle House look like bush league waffles. Other options for waffle toppings included vegetarian toppings, pulled pork, etc ...I'm not going to explain everything on the menu but the point is they got lots of great options that go on top of a waffle!Melt has a full bar & on weekends open til 3am, so obviously this isn't just an early morning or brunch spot.  They have some board games laying around if you want to get drunk and hustle people in Chinese checkers.  Against one wall Melt also sports a few pinball machines which I'd assume are a bigger attraction for the late night drinking crowd as opposed to the Sunday brunchers.  #waffles4life
<review# 1200,isUSA=TRUE,2.0,6/15/2005,5/14/2009,64,598,,3,>This place was never great, just fair.  Still has a Macy's which is halfway decently stocked and a Target with an escalator for the shopping carts (runs between the people escalators) which is worth seeing for the novelty I suppose.  The rest of the mall is just basic, nothing really interesting, and some really tacky dollar stores or junk stores where you can, if you please, purchase really gaudy furniture and statues of tigers and other animals.  This place used to be better but now it's sliding into ghetto status and there are better places to shop.
<review# 1201,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/20/2009,5/13/2009,25,64,12,11,12>Is it possible to give 5 stars to a place when you personally only think it's a 4-star place?  Well I'm doing it.  You see, I'm a square.  I have an 8-5 office job, I'm almost too old to be considered a yuppie, I shop at Target, I go to church, I watch too much TV, I have a bunch of married friend with kids, etc.  See what I'm getting at?  A-Pop is not built for people like me.  I'm not a fresh out of college, subversive, ear-to-the-underground music and film fanatic who wants to take down the government and have anarchy reign.  I mean, I still iron my own shirts for goodness sake.  But here's the deal.  A-Pop is awesome.  Why?  Because they have stuff that you can't get anywhere else in St. Louis for a reasonable price.  They have every album by every important band you've never heard of.  They have the largest collection of 'zines that I know of around here.  Their used literature/book section is a veritable who's who of crazy anarchists and conspiracy theorists.  Their DVD section must have been designed with the intent of wanting to see each weird movie (including alien autopsy!), because that's exactly what I want to do.  They have a small but excellent new book section that features all the musicians, artists, and art movements you'll ever need to know about.  They even have cassette mix tapes and singles, for God's sake.  All the while playing noise.You'd expect a store like this to be extremely intimidating, filled with brooding staff and customers you'd associate more with Gwar concerts than record shops, but to my pleasant surprise the staff is friendly and the customers are normal (or as normal as you can expect for a store like this).A-pop, people like me shouldn't love you, but I do.  St. Louis needs a store like this, to keep the squares like me on our toes, to keep pushing weirdness in people's faces, and to show that you don't need to travel to Chicago or NYC to experience underground culture.
<review# 1202,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/14/2009,5/12/2009,19,181,4,2,3>My Italian sub was stacked so high with meat I had trouble getting it in my mouth.....that's what she said.But no, seriously, this is a fine little deli. Although it's a bit pricey, you're getting some tasty sandwiches, made with fresh meats and served on quality bread. And a cool abstract-pickle-painted wall.
<review# 1203,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/20/2009,5/11/2009,30,106,3,3,2>Best seven leafs chocolate covered strawberries I have EVER HAD!  Going here was the best decision we made today!  Everyone needs to have these at least once.  Guys, if you are trying to say "I'm sorry," this is the place to go.
<review# 1204,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/21/2009,5/6/2009,319,681,3,7,7>When you walk into Mamacitas, you will feel like you are walking into a South City bar. And quite frankly, that is what it is.  It is loud and smoky, with a big bar in the first room, DJ spinning on the weekends, etc. Their drink menu is basic, right up to the margaritas.  No special flavors here.The American food on the menu is pretty bland and I would venture to guess that most of it is frozen. Do not get the Singapore chicken wings (fried wings with a very bad rendition of teriyaki sauce poured over the top), not good. Is there an upside?  HELL YEAH!  Did I mention that almost everything on the menu is under $5?  Did I mention that they have great Mexican food? The menu selection is limited, but the Mexican food that they do have is yummy, and as Liz said they have chips and an amazing homemade salsa bar. I have been to many salsa bars and this has to be my favorite in St. Louis... hands down. Mango, tomatillo, avocado, and house are my favorites. But, they have eight others to choose from and they are oh so fresh and yummy. The habanero will clear your sinuses for a week. The quesadilla and steak soft tacos are great and even better topped with the yummy salsas, and the sopapillas are made to perfection.  They have other Mexican options that I have not tried yet. I'm giving Mamacitas 4 stars for the salsa bar. But, I would venture to say that anything would taste good with that stuff on it. And it's SO CHEAP,  you really can't complain. If you are hungry for Mexican food and okay with a neighborhood/dive bar atmosphere, give Mamacitas a try. It's located on Gravois, just north of Holly Hills.
<review# 1205,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,10/15/2008,5/5/2009,48,424,2,3,2>I can only say I LIKE Mr. Sushi.  The sushi is pretty good, but not amazing.  The atmosphere is nothing to write home about.  For very casual or take-out sushi, this is a perfect choice.   If you have to choose between Nobu (down the street) or Mr. Sushi, pick Nobu for atmosphere & service, pick Mr. Sushi for the food.If you want great sushi, go to Wasabi or Miso in Clayton.
<review# 1206,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/17/2009,5/4/2009,22,86,8,7,5>How is it exactly that I never knew this place was here? Part of my family is jewish for christs sake (wait, are jews allowed to say "christs sake"?, oh that's right, he was jewish, which means he would have loved this deli too).I was so excited when I went in that I started ordering everything within site.  Corned beef, yum.  Pastrami, nice. Knish,very good.  And the pickles?, who knew I could be so excited about pickles? Chopped liver, best I've had.  Tongue, well, I skipped the tongue.  Needless to say, I was $100 poorer when I walked out.  But the way I look at it I saved at least $250 because I didn't have to get a plane ticket to NY.  Which is where I would have to go to improve on this deli.Oh, and a Doc Browns cream soda too?  Just kill me now*Foodgasm*(now if I could only find good bialy's)
<review# 1207,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/3/2009,5/3/2009,39,58,2,4,4>Great pizza, I mean really great pizza, with a good selection of tantalizing "gourmet" pizzas that you usually don't find anywhere else. There's a window into the kitchen where you can watch the pizza crusts flying. There's a good selection of great beer on tap, and the service is excellent without fail.
<review# 1208,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/15/2009,5/2/2009,59,177,6,9,6>I like Papa John's a lot!  BUT!!! I ONLY like their thin crust...it's very very good. Their regular crust, imo, is tasteless. I also like the fact that their crust, sauce and cheese is safe for vegetarians (at Dominos, for instance, the only crust that is vegetarian is the thin crust)...and they readily disclose that right on their website. Yay, Papa Johns!
<review# 1209,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,8/6/2008,5/1/2009,24,121,1,4,2>A friend told me about Sol and insisted I go with him. I thought it was actually much better than the way he described it. It's located in the back of a coffee shop (the new Grind) and appears to be an old warehouse. The ceilings is high and the furniture is low and contemporary, making it feel very loft-y like. The drinks were moderately priced and nothing really jumped out at me as far as fancy or unique drinks.I've been a few times on Saturday nights, but it seems it never nears capacity. It attracts a 20-something crowd and while gay friendly, has a strong straight following. The bathroom situation was very confusing because I basically walked through the bathrooms to get into the bar. Also, some of the doors don't lock, so don't say I didn't warn you.
<review# 1210,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,5/27/2009,6/15/2009,15,75,,3,2>I ate here for the first time recently.  The atmosphere is very pleasant and the food was definitely good.  The Goat Buster appetizer is quite tasty (though inspired the men at the table to sing Goatbusters to the tune of Ghostbusters).  I enjoyed my Golden Chevre salad and polenta side (the mushroom ragu rocked).  The portion sizes are large, so be warned.I did have two chief complaints.  First, our waitress did not do a good job.  She was mildly combative and very inattentive.  Another member of our party had a vantage point from which to watch her chat with others and kiss the bartender.  Meantime, we needed help.  We were going to get dessert, but the dessert tray took so long we thought better of it.  Then the check took forever ... a really downer after a good meal.Second, there were no Risotto or Salmon specials because they had a special BBQ thing going on for Memorial Day.  Ok, fine.  The waitress was very assertive about it.  This was of no comfort to me because it removed two main options for me (I only eat seafood, otherwise am vegetarian).  Not the end of the world, but definitely a bummer.Update: we went to Wild Flower again and the service was much better though still a bit on the slow side.  I had the Salmon/Risotto special and the lemon beet risotto had a very nice flavor.  The salmon was more done that I usually like but still quite good.  We had the chocolate/chile custard and it was amazing!Second update: So, we go to Wild Flower whenever the memory of how slow the service was fades.  The food is good.  If the service was faster, it would be a fantastic place.  After repeated experience, I have to take away a star because it is such a systemic problem.  Also, be warned: eating outside is hazard to your health.  The smokers are coming with cigars and cigarettes.  Yuck!
<review# 1211,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/27/2009,6/14/2009,72,204,1,2,1>My reviews are usually pretty long-winded. This is because I usually have a lengthy list of points I like to touch on to give a business its proper review. However, with the Royale, there are plenty of opinions and reviews about it's service, cocktails, decor, location....etc. I just have one thing to contribute. If you have the chance to order the "Effing-Elvis-Sandwich" do it before they take it off the "specials" menu!! If you can't find it, I suggest asking for it!I still dream about this sandwich. It's hefty sourdough, baked to perfection, topped with the perfect amount of peanut butter, banana, and thick bacon strips, garnished with some parmesian cheese. To someone who doesn't understand, this sounds disgusting. I get that. But I believe those are the people who have never tasted greatness. It's simple, but delicious. That, combined with their tasty potato chips make for a perfect meal. I do have to explain my lack of 5 stars though, considering my mouth-watering review. The service was a little off and I didn't feel like the waiter was very attentive at all. It took him almost 20 minutes to get me a martini because he'd forgotten. It's not a huge deal and it definitely didn't ruin my experience, but to grab that extra star, I require perfection. Ok, so it was still long winded. What can I say, I love the details!
<review# 1212,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/26/2009,6/13/2009,13,26,,,>This place is great! Large selection of different styles of sandwiches, hot and cold.  The prices are very friendly for the quantity of food you get. The place gets really crowded between 12:00 - 1:00 and it sometime gets hard to find a seat, so try to go early or late.  One of my favorite lunch spots!
<review# 1213,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/26/2009,6/12/2009,3,3,1,6,7>This is an old time ice cream shoppe. You can only eat outside, but the food and ice cream is delicious! The food is so inexpensive ranging from burgers and fries, to fried cauliflower (so good!) and onion rings. You can get almost any topping from m&m's to oreo, and I promise this is one of the best chocolate shakes in St. Louis.
<review# 1214,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/19/2009,6/11/2009,42,129,1,4,4>I've only been here twice and that is not nearly enough!!So far, the only non-dessert item I've had here is the roasted chicken panini and the ham-n-cheese panini - both were very, very tasty. I can't wait to go back and try more of their large and diverse menu.However, the shining star for me was Sarah Bernhardt. This dessert was absolutely phenomenal. I've never tasted chocolate ganache this light and airy, yet rich and decadent at the same time. How do they do it? I'm not sure - although they manage to give the same qualities to the cheesecake petit fours. So many cheesecakes are heavy and dense, but tasting something so fluffy and delectable is a real treat!I'm so glad this place is 2 minutes from my office!
<review# 1215,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/20/2009,6/10/2009,13,45,33,11,6>While in St. Louis for my brothers bachelor party, we sheepishly asked a cabbie at the St. Louis Arch if...you know...there were any "gentleman's clubs" around. 30 minutes and one shockingly frank taxi cab confession from our driver later, we were in the middle of nowhere, affectionately known as Brooklyn, IL. To my recollection, Brooklyn, IL consists of two strip clubs, about 20 feet apart from each other. We made the mistake of going a little early in the evening, around 6pm to be exact. Walking into an empty club with about 10 dancers killing time felt a little like "From Dusk Till Dawn". Surprisingly, these ladies were thrilled to see a bunch of schmoes with money walk in during the dinner hour. The creepiest part of being at PT's is the bathroom, but it's not what you think. There was a bathroom attendant in there. Some smooth looking cat who sat on a counter, surrounding himself with dishes full of candy. Now, I don't have a lot of strict personal rules in my life, but not eating candy out of open containers in strip club bathrooms is one of them. Also, it is very hard to pee when there is a man sitting 2 feet behind you. Several hours and hundreds of dollars later, we knew it was time to go when my older brother was escorted by one of the dancers to the ATM to make a withdrawal to repay a little IOU. When I got back home, I searched for more information on Brooklyn, IL. The main thing I found was some pictures of clothes laid out on the ground. The police were asking for help identifying a dead man they found in a trunk out there. Hellllllllo, Brooklyn!!
<review# 1216,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,5/18/2009,6/9/2009,368,836,3,2,2>Once upon a million dollars ago, in my college days, I would possibly have given First Watch four lovely shiny stars.  I'd always been willing to overlook the wait, which let's be honest, is a bit nuts sometimes, but no matter, I enjoy a good breakfast and you can drink some free coffee while you ponder the menu.  I usually go for the skillets, though this visit made me finally try the Bubba's Benny.  I am a sucker for dumb names.  I got it with poached eggs which were perfect, but the gravy was a little too thick, bland, and all over the place.  Back to the skillets.  I tried my pal's banana crunch pancake.  It would have been much more delicious without that hair underneath it.  I should have said that when our waitress asked if our food "still tasted good."  Nope, just started sucking just now when you came by.  Thanks.  I'd still come back but give me a skillet, hold the hair.  One thing I do love:  The mug I stole from here about 5 years ago.  Still loving it.
<review# 1217,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/19/2009,6/8/2009,17,23,1,1,1>4 stars because I really love the food (better and more affordable than Modesto on The Hill) but the seating is extremely cramped. Once they smashed 6 of us at a 4 person table that was pushed against a party of 10 people. However, after a few pitchers of the wonderful Sangria you start to not really care. Definitely do tapas with a group but you may want to inquire about reservations before going to BARcelona.I recommend Queso de Cabra al Horno - Baked goat cheese in tomato sauce with garlic bread.
<review# 1218,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/21/2009,6/7/2009,102,258,7,6,6>Blood Orange. Pink Grapefruit. Mascarpone.If heaven does not offer these flavors of gelato, I don't want to go.
<review# 1219,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,2/24/2009,6/6/2009,4,9,10,6,5>For an average place, there is much I can say about Iggy's. The food is standard, bland Mexican food. Anyplace else, their food would be below average, but being in St. Louis, their food seems to be in the upper tier of the local, non-chain Mexican food scene. The booze are, thankfully, pretty cheap, but this is not a place I would frequent to drink in. For the sports fan, there are several televisions of varying shapes and sizes showing all sorts of athletic endeavors. But like all average places, Iggy's is defined, for me at least, by the stories it has provided me. Here are two such stories: Story 1 Once I was returning to my car with friends after exiting a nearby establishment. As I walked up Laclede Street, I looked across the street to Iggy's where a small cluster of girls were stumbling out the door. One girl was having particular difficulty with bipedal movement. Being the opportunist I am, I began to yell such witty sayings as "Left foot, right foot," and "Walking is a basic human function" in the young lady's direction. Apparently she was not a fan of my cleverness and began to follow my friends and me up the street. At one point, she claimed to be flashing my ensemble of friends, to which we responded "No one wants to see that." True, none of this has any bearing on the quality of the establishment, but I like to think it says a little something about the clientele. Story 2 To be fair, this is not my story to tell, but if I don't tell it in this forum, it might otherwise go unknown. Recently, I dined here with a group of friends. At one point after being seated, one friend had disappeared. A few minutes went by, and still, no friend. About 10 minutes later, a waiter approached me and informed me that my friend had wandered into the kitchen and, after much insistence, was doing dishes. This waiter had never seen such a thing happen and was completely confused. After 25 minutes of dish washing, the friend had returned and explained that he just simply felt like doing some dishes. At the end of the night, his reward was a $2 discount on his mediocre meal. Take this for what it's worth: Iggy's let's you do the work you pay them to do, but only if you insist. So, will I return? Only if i really feel like doing dishes away from home.
<review# 1220,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/1/2014,6/3/2014,457,314,4,15,8>Bring your bucks.I had business lunch and I am glad I got to try Annie Gunn's again.  My first  visit to AG's was not good.  4 burgers no booze and $100 made me think I won't be back.  So now I have a business lunch and it was great.  I started off with their beef soup.  It was every bit as good as Grandmother K's soup.  And that is a big deal for me to admit.    Also ordered a burger and it was a strong burger not the best I have ever had but a good solid burger.Service was fine.  When we arrived they were very packed.  But they gave us a table with the caveat that they have reservations for the table in an hour.  Fine with me and it worked out great.  We ate did not have to wait and they had about 15 mins to clean the table and make it ready for the reservation.
<review# 1221,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/16/2014,6/2/2014,68,91,6,8,8>Well we went for Valentine's Day and had a unique menu, I had been hoping to try the burger.. and the boyfriend didn't realize that the fried chicken was a special meal.. all that being said there were some highlights. The valet, hostess, waiter, servers and busboys were all very kind and polite, almost too nice if you know what I mean. Everything I ate was wonderful. We ordered the bread and homemade butter and it was wonderful. I had the pork steak which was a special, it was great! Flavor explosion. The BF got the Three Little Birds and wasn't very impressed, he said that mine was so much better. We had the "candybar" for dessert, that was delicious. The cocktails were very good, nice wine and beer selection. The thing that was driving me crazy was the approach of the menu. Call it what it is.. describe the dish on the menu, everything from the butter, booze, dinner and dessert all had to be described in detail...from the Ukrainian Butter Churner in the kitchen to the strawberries flown in from Louisiana.. I'm not that fond of the over the top attitude. I am sure I'll go back since I want to try some other menu items.. it just won't be on the top of my list.
<review# 1222,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/17/2014,6/1/2014,48,157,2,8,5>I had lunch at Bixby's this past week and I am still drooling over the food.  Started with a cup of the tomato bisque soup and it was hands down the best I've ever had. I hate chunky tomato bisque (like at Bread Co) and this one was smooth and creamy and super flavorful. The lunch menu was rather small (we were told that they expand it during the busier months) but everything on it sounded great. They were also featuring two specials, a pasta and a spinach vegetable tart. I decided to try the tart and I am so glad I did because it was amazing. I couldn't finish it all so I took half home, and even cold that night it was delicious! Our server was attentive and kept waters full, which is always appreciated, and the view from the panoramic windows is a great way to be able to see most of Forest Park at once. This won't be the cheapest lunch you'll ever have, but the food is definitely worth the price.
<review# 1223,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/25/2014,5/31/2014,80,266,,13,6>I lost my beloved Kitty this winter. Some wonderful friends bestowed upon me a stray that had wandered up on their porch in the freezing cold. I wasn't sure if I wanted to keep this fellow, but I figured the least I could do is get him vaccinated and neutered, because if there's one thing this city does not need, it's more unhealthy stray animals roaming the alleys.Carol House Quick Fix, a non-profit subsidized clinic, is simply amazing. I waited a week for my appointment, but when they are offering $20 neutering services in January, I could be patient. The staff are exemplary. The services are inexpensive. The treatment is stellar. I can't say enough good things about this place. Thank you to Carol House, Petsmart, Purina, and many others who make this wonderful service available. My boy--yes, he's a keeper--thanks you as well!
<review# 1224,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/15/2014,5/30/2014,56,220,3,6,4>I'm a big fan of Chimi's for so many reasons.  Because of this new location close to home we have quickly become regulars.  This is an excellent place for birthdays, I have witnessed several birthday celebrations, including my own.  The dessert was different for each one, but they all included a larger than life sombrero and singing.I also like Chimi's for their fast service, keeping my drink full and a good variety of different stuff on their menu.  It's not all typical Mexican restaurant fare, they also have a few different salads, sandwiches, and seafood options.
<review# 1225,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/10/2014,5/29/2014,18,90,4,5,4>This location is super convenient when shopping at the galleria or the brentwood area. I'm a huge fan if their paninis and I tried the chicken and dumpling soup this time and was impressed. The pastries and cakes look really enticing but I've never tried them. I've also been here for brunch which was decent but I would take them for lunch over brunch. Plenty of seating inside and outside make this a fun relaxing destination And the noise isn't too bad even in high traffic. The staff is friendly enough but not exactly going out of the way for you. Nobody looks particularly thrilled to be there but they aren't miserable either :).To go and eat in options available!
<review# 1226,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/28/2014,5/28/2014,41,159,4,6,3>My first experience with Serendipity was at a recent Yelp event, and I have to say it was a big hit with me and my wife.  First off, I'm not a huge Ice Cream guy.  So far from it in fact, that I wouldn't be able to tell you the difference from ice cream or frozen yogurt, but I digress.  The one thing I do know is that after having tried Cinnamon ice cream a few years ago, it is very apparent that this stuff isn't sold in stores.  After probably a year or two of looking at every frozen section of every grocery store I went to, I finally found a place to pick up some good ole' "cinnamony icey creams."  That's not what Serendipity calls its Cinnamon flavored ice cream, that's just what I call it when I'm trekking through another Shop N Save and my wife asks what the hell I'm looking for. "nothing babe, just looking to see if they have any cinnamony icey creams!"  Anyway, needless to say, Serendipity served up a scoop of goodness and cured a craving a year in the making.  I will most definitely be back, and maybe next time I will remember to ask about buying a half gallon or so at a time, and save a trip or two every now and then!
<review# 1227,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/12/2014,5/27/2014,103,317,4,10,7>Huh. Not a bad place at all. A couple of my girlfriends and I were to meet up for lunch, and we were limited in where we could go as some of us had to get back to work within the hour. So it had to be in downtown Belleville, and Mexican was out of the question. So someone suggested Tavern on Main, followed with the words, "lunch buffet", which pretty much sealed the deal right there.I'm so glad spring has arrived in the Midwest as we got to sit outside, and it was a gorgeous day. And the place was packed. I like how if you didn't get to grab a table outside, the establishment leaves its doors and windows open so it's kind of a free-flowing airy setup. It is pretty dark indoors though. Lunch buffet is $9 and consists of soups, salads, pastas, pizza, and desserts. I love how there is also salt, pepper, and parmesan shakers on the edge of the buffet that you can take back to your table. The soups were okay (I tried the corn chowder and the tomato bisque)...they were nothing to write home about, but the pizza really hit the spot. They are thin crust, and they put out a medley of offerings from veggie to sausage to cheese to pepperoni. I also really really liked the bowtie pasta salad; it was delicious. The toasted ravioli was a bit hard, but the sauces, especially the meat one, were fantastic. The salads were fresh, and dessert included cookies and brownies. We went on Friday, and as it is Lent season, they had fish tenders, which were pretty good. I think they may have chicken wings or something else when it's not Lent. They also have lunch specials, and Fridays just happen to be lobster ravioli, which I can't wait to come back and try. I only knew about that because I was perusing the website before heading out; the waitstaff didn't bother letting us know about that. Otherwise, the waitstaff was pretty efficient in picking up our empty plates and so-so on the refilling of drinks. My friends got their sweet teas refilled pretty regularly, but my water stayed low for quite awhile. I'm going to have to come back for dinner too...the menu looks delicious...and they do have a pretty good selection of drinks. Finally we have something in downtown Belleville that's just as good as Wine Tap!For the full menu, go to tavernonmainbelleville.c… .
<review# 1228,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/20/2014,5/26/2014,238,242,1,15,8>One of the reasons I love South Grand so much is the variety of ethnic cuisine.  It's not very often that I run across Somali restaurants, so I knew that I'd have to check out Nasiib's.  For those of you who want the short read:  Go if you're an adventurous eater who doesn't mind a "hole-in-the-wall" type place.  The food was very good in my experience, but the atmosphere was somewhat odd and might make an "outsider" feel a bit uncomfortable.  The character of this place gives you a true feeling of what it's like to experience a typical restaurant in Africa.  Generally speaking, African restaurants aren't much on décor and service.  People come to eat, and they choose from what's available as opposed to what's actually on the menu.  Nasiib's has that feel to it.  The simple layout consists of tables and chairs in a room with a television that's undoubtedly showing a soccer match.  There are no decorations hanging on the walls.  There are no pictures indicating what life is like back in Somalia.  There is however a small window to the kitchen where you can go up and order food and check out the snack items displayed in a case.   If you prefer to just sit at a table, someone will come out and bring a menu to you.  During my visit, I saw 3 or 4 guys sitting at tables by themselves just hanging out, listening to music on their phones, but not ordering or eating food.  I got the impression that this place is a convenient hangout for the Somali community considering that the Grand Masjid Islamic Community Center is just across the street.  At the kitchen window, we reviewed the menu with the shy young lady to see what was available today.  I didn't quite understand all the explanations, so we kept it simple and ordered some chicken, goat and of course the sambusa snacks to start off with.  A sambusa is Somalia's version of a samosa which is a popular Indian snack consisting of a deep fried triangular pastry stuffed with meat or veggies. Nasiib's sambusas come with a choice of chicken, beef, fish or veggies, so we tried the beef and fish.  Within a few minutes our sambusas came in a basket along with a squeeze-bottle of sauce.  The beef sambusa was delicious.  The soft and flakey crust was nice and warm, and the beef filling was spicy and flavorful.  I actually prefer these African style samosas over the Indian ones which tend to have a harder shell.  The creamy cilantro sauce was an excellent topping for it.  The other pastry came with fish, but I didn't care as much for it.  The strong fishy and salty taste brought back memories of this popular method of drying fish in Africa.  It's more of an acquired taste, but worth a try.Our main dishes came out steaming hot.  I preferred the chicken dish over the goat meat, but both were good.  The chicken was cooked in a flavorful sauce with onions, green peppers and a combination of exotic spices.  I think the dish was called Sukhar chicken, but I could be wrong.  It was served with Indian style bread called chapati which is used to scoop up the chicken and sauce. The key factor with chapati is that it should be made fresh and served immediately.  Nasiib's chapati didn't disappoint!  It was light and flakey, but a bit thicker than what I'm used to.  Served fresh here, it was excellent!   The goat meat was covered in a delicious curry sauce and was served over basmati rice.  Like most goat dishes, the meat was chewy and full of bones and gristle.  Beware of bone chips which are common in this type of dish.  The Indian spices, which are so common on the Eastern side of Africa, really stood out in this dish.   Overall, I find it difficult to rate this restaurant.  Should I compare it to other restaurants on Grand or African restaurants in general?  The quality and taste of the food was good, but the atmosphere and cleanliness was lacking.  For me, I think the adventure and uniqueness makes it worthy of 4 stars and the hope that they make a successful go of it.
<review# 1229,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/28/2014,5/25/2014,162,212,5,11,7>During the winter months, parking is a dream. It takes all of 2 minutes. Unfortunately, during those dreary, cold months, the vendors are not as abundant as the warmer months. Regardless, I will come here when I can for my new juicing addiction. When I started, I went to the commissary, Walmart & Target and never saw the true appeal of juicing. It was expensive and frankly, the fruit/veggies weren't that tasty. My co-worker mentioned going to the Farmer's Market and I figured it was worth a shot. After the first venture out there, I was hooked. Everything was so cheap, fresh, delicious and LOCAL! I have my personal favorite vendors, but really, they're all amazing. They're more than willing to tell you all about their produce or just chit chat for a few minutes. I've yet to meet an unfriendly vendor.What sets this apart from normal grocery shopping? You can make a stop at their drink stand, order your beverage of choice (I do love a good bloody mary on Saturday morning) and make your rounds. Getting your groceries is so much more enjoyable with a delicious, cheap drink in your hand. I could go on and on about how phenomenal the Soulard Farmer's Market is, but you really have to experience it firsthand. They have meats, spices, chocolate and produce galore. You'll find things you never knew you needed here. Just go.
<review# 1230,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/28/2008,12/16/2008,15,74,,4,3>McGurk's has one of the best patios I've ever met.  It's big, multi-tiered, and well-landscaped with lots of fountains, plants, and small birds swooping down literally at your feet to snatch up your dropped chips.My reuben was alright - I've had better, and I've definitely had worse.  It mostly just needed more sauerkraut.  I do get annoyed when places charge $8-10 for an average sandwich and tell you that you're getting potato chips unless you pay an extra $2 to upgrade to mashed potatoes.  Lame.  Granted, these are apparently housemade "Irish" chips, but I would have much preferred fries.  I didn't set foot inside (due to the very convenient restrooms for the patio) but I liked the outdoor atmosphere enough to offset the minor annoyances of potato chips and insufficient sauerkraut.
<review# 1231,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/13/2008,12/15/2008,15,161,5,10,7>The patio here is gorgeous; I love how they built it around an old oak tree and surrounded it with little white lights.  This place is particularly cozy on autumn evenings, when the air is cool and you can order a hot chocolate with Baileys to keep you warm.  The interior is definitely on the dingy side, which is why I always sit outside when I come.  One of the best nights to go is $1 burger night, which I believe is Wednesdays.  Another financially friendly deal is a $3 burger and fries.  The service here is terrific and the waitresses are friendly and accommodating.  One night I wanted coffee and it wasn't on the menu but our waitress made some for me anyway.  Awesome!
<review# 1232,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/1/2008,12/14/2008,275,429,6,7,9>The Tivoli is a Landmark theatre, so you can count on it for good indie films.  Situated in the U. City Loop, it's in a great location if you're up for dinner & a movie... and if you just want dessert, the Tivoli has you covered--they serve Ted Drewes!!  AND gelato from I forget where.  But really--popcorn for dinner and frozen custard for dessert, wash it down with some beer or wine available at the concession stand, catch a cool indie flick and you've got a one-stop shop for date night.  Nice.I really love this theatre--the staff is pleasant and efficient, the building and its decor are a welcome departure from the ubiquitous electric blue carpet and cardboard movie cutouts found at practically every multiplex and the popcorn is actually GOOD.  This is one of the few places I'd actually be happy watching a movie other than my big blue couch.
<review# 1233,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/5/2008,12/13/2008,41,183,4,3,3>Looking to dance the night away? Well, you've got a new option downtown. Lure is huge, with 7000 square feet for dancing, drinking and fun. There are two bars and 11 VIP bottle service tables. The all white decor brings a very unique style and vibe to the St. Louis area. Music was great which included old school hip hop to progressive house/trance, and pop.
<review# 1234,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,12/3/2008,12/12/2008,140,444,4,3,3>I actually bunked up with Rachel S. on her 2nd stay at the Crown Plaza Downtown STL, and for those wondering minds out there, we shared beds with our hubbies, not each other...I know you are all sorely disappointed! I have to agree with Rachel S. that our room, while decent, was nothing to get too excited about.  It was decent size and our beds were comfortable, though a full is never quite big enough for my hubby and me.  The carpet and decor needs an update, but we did score it on Hotwire for less than $100 a night, so it was well worth it.The service was fine for us from bell boy to reception desk to valet, we had no issues and I always think that is a plus.I don't know that I would pay the listed price on the website to stay here, but it wasn't bad for what we needed - a place to shower and lay our heads over Halloween weekend. :)It definitely worked and I would not be disappointed if Hotwire planted me here again.
<review# 1235,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/21/2008,12/11/2008,21,41,7,9,5>When living in suburban Chesterfield (aka: restaurant no-man's land) Paul Manno's is certainly the hidden jewel. Please pay no attention to man behind the curtain (aka: the restaurant is located in a strip mall). Look past the Sopranos feel (hopefully I don't wind up a missing persons for that) and indulge in all the amazing, authentic, Sicilian delicacies that Manno's has to offer. The food here is delicious. My husband has dreams that revolve around their rack of lamb (many family friends are convinced it is as good as it gets) and I traditionally give into my carb and cheese addiction. The atmosphere could certainly foster a great first date (romantic in a strange way), although you are going to leave with a Buddha belly. The portion sizes will challenge your membership in the clean plate club. Somewhere between the cheesy mozzarella salad and the fresh pasta, I completely loose control and eat myself into a coma every time. It's not easy - but I manage to leave "To-Go Box" free every visit. It's really that good!
<review# 1236,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/26/2008,12/10/2008,5,33,3,2,2>Galleria 6 has excellent covered parking, good snacks at good prices (some more healthful options compared to AMC), and they make a point of your theatre experience being a good one.They consistently have people unobtrusively checking into the theatre to eject disruptions, they have "events" on opening nights, they host "crybaby matines" so the kids don't have to be a disturbance, and their seats are extremely comfortable.Also, since the mall closes by 9pm and they have rules about unaccompanied minors, late shows are usually "tween hangout" free. The only problem is that they have only 2 large screen theatres.  The other theatres are a bit small comparatively - but still comfortable.
<review# 1237,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/2/2008,12/9/2008,32,344,5,2,4>Its 3 A.M. and the bars have all closed.  Kicked out in the street and the desire for alcohol subsiding a new desire emerges, food.  Steak N' Shake no longer provides the great dining experience that it once had and White Castle does not seem all that appealing after hearing that their mouthful bite size burgers are made of liver.  However the inebriated eater must find a plate of saving grace and sobriety somewhere.South on Kings highway from interstate 40, a beacon of light and hope shines, and that light is Uncle Bill.  No it's not that Uncle Bill, the one who is a little too creepy for comfort or was arrested for throwing soggy loafs of bread at cars, but it is a place lit in a heavenly glow from the neon letters that says, "Uncle Bill's Pancake House."  There plates of soft, warm, steamy goodness are served 24 hours a day for the late night early morning eater.There are many places one can go that serve breakfast 24 hours a day, Waffle House, Denny's, or even if someone is looking for a little bit of an adventure, there is Tiffany's Diner (great if someone wants a colon cleansing experience), but Uncle Bill's offers the three things the random hour eater desires; speedy service, quality food in enormous servings, and most importantly low prices, ever so low.Inside tables are everywhere with everyone from all walks of life sitting at them.  At one table in the restaurant there the worker who just got off their shift, looking for a quick bite before heading home.  On the other side there is a gaggle of partygoers, making a pit stop before heading to their next destination.  Among the multitudes of people they sit in a building that resembles a cottage from the mountains, or a rather large hunting shack, only at Uncle Bill's they do not have any absurd decorations hanging on the walls like some "friendly neighborhood" restaurants.Grandma-esque waitresses must have been cloned back in 1987 populate all of the 24 hour diners in the country.  Each one working their tables knows their costumers by one name "honey."  Seeming like they want more than just a tip your coffee cup will never be empty.  Each of the waitresses seem to be standing by, waiting to fill the cup up and a little bit of the saucer with the boiling coffee.  Taking all the orders with ease the waitress walks off to bring the plates of saving grace in sweet saucer form.The hot stack of pancakes steam as they are brought to the table with a crown of margarine on top, arteries around the world cringe, but no here one cares and neither will the arteries once they get a taste of the pancakes.  The pancakes are just absorbent enough to let the syrup from the assortment of flavors on the table to be poured onto them and the pancakes soak up the thick syrup just enough to not become a sweet soppy mess.  The syrup runs down the sides and a sugary cascade of waterfalls forms around the flapjack stack and pools at the bottom creating an island.  Oh how Gilligan and the Skipper would love to be marooned on this island.  The pancakes are a delicious masterpiece of culinary art, especially at 3 A.M. when there is no place else to go.Of course Uncle Bill's does not just serve pancakes, not everyone can handle pancakes or, well, some people just might prefer something else at the moment.  Besides pancakes, Uncle Bill's offers just about any and everything, except for burritos, that one would want to eat in a drunken stupor at 3 A.M.   There is always the ever-reliable BLT where the bacon is just crispy enough where it won't seem like someone might be biting into a sandwich of crackers.  Like any other place they also serve eggs in any fashion that anyone can think of: sunny side up, scrambled, as an omelet with just about anything in it, or if someone is looking to be extremely daring, plain.  Even though Uncle Bill's is primarily known for their breakfast, they also serve the two other meals, though, they are not as important as breakfast.  Steaks, salads, and deserts are ready to be consumed as well.  All the other food of course plays second fiddle to the pancake.  Uncle Bill's is known as a pancake house for a reason.Uncle Bill's brings the sweet charm of the early morning breakfast or rather late dinner, depending on who it is, with the warm atmosphere that is always welcoming all 24 hours of the day.  Offering enough variety in food and their inexpensive prices, there is no wonder in why Uncle Bill's has been around for as long as it has.  With friendly service able to stomach even the most bothersome drunks, they will surely be around for a great while longer.
<review# 1238,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/24/2008,12/8/2008,18,34,7,9,8>My dying wish is a meal from Tony's. I was floored by the bad review Patricia F. gave this spot, absolutely floored.  I'm feeling the need to defend my favorite place, in a big way. (even though I'm happy to see the rest of the reviews are positive).Tony's is the very very best and I'm not even sure where to begin. I've been fortunate enough to be able to frequent Tony's since I was young for every important occasion in our family. Birthdays, anniversaries, my engagement, my graduation from college etc. If the question is where, our answer (wallet-permitting), is Tony's. Everyone at Tony's aims to please.  Vince Bommarito, the owner, is a true master of the kitchen, and of the dining room.  Vince, along with his sons and their waitstaff know how to charm and work a room.  Moreover, Vince has been good to my family for years and years dating back to when my Grandpa used to sell him chef coats via his uniform business.  He makes over my 91 year old Grandma like she's a queen whenever we get to go!  Even if it's not on the menu, he's happy to whip it up.  I always start with a Caprese Salad, though you won't find it on the menu.  Their Spinach salad is also fantastic for an on-the-menu selection.My #1 recommendation is the Lobster Albanello. It's has the most ridiculously sweet and rich cream sauce created from reduced shallots; it's paired with lobster and mushrooms. I always get it sans mushroom and request pasta. The pasta is made in house and makes the dish coma-inducing. Try a side of their creamed spinach. Or ask for salsify as a side, it absolutely melts in your mouth. My other favorite entrees:  Try the Dover Sole.  The waiter de-bones it tableside and the fish is absolutely the most delectable piece of heaven you can put in your mouth.  I could eat 15 orders of the Sole.  Veal Piccatta!  The edges are slightly crispy and the sauce is dead on.  This was my old stand by as a youngster, before I got a taste for lobster and seafood.  Other family favorites: Scallops, Rack of Lamb, Tenderloin.  You really can't go wrong though, everything on the menu is ridiculous.And desserts: I don't see how you could complain about the creme brulee with berries "thrown on top".  They happen to be the freshest in-season berries atop the most de-freakin-liscious creme brulee you can find.  (tsk tsk!?).  There are not one but two chocolate tortes, homemade banana ice cream, ricotta cheesecake, with raspberry sauce mmmm, I could go on.  It's unfortunate that I'm writing this at lunch-time and all the way from Seattle.This should suffice.  But, before I finish, I did want to mention that I literally laughed out loud reading the criticism about "cheap flatware" and "serious self-importance".  That first claim is just snotty, overblown and not true.  As far as the second, well, Tony's has the acclaim it does for no reason other than wholly deserved reverence from the many many people who recognize what an incredibly special treat it is to endulge in such perfectly structured culinary pleasures.
<review# 1239,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/23/2008,12/7/2008,207,1481,3,2,3>Mocha bianca + your two best friends in the universe + a relatively soft couch to sit close to your bff on + albeit slow but very friendly service + clean bathroom - annoying outdated mountain biking magazines + cool book with old Reagan photographs = 5 stars.
<review# 1240,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/12/2014,10/11/2014,95,111,3,6,5>Sometimes I become overwhelmed with the cuteness of everyday things. My reaction to Pint Size Bakery this morning was a little like New Girl's "Puppy in a Cup" scene. What I mean by that is--it was overwhelmingly cute.  Located in my Lindenwood Park neighborhood, I always, always wanted to go. Again the cuteness factor was pulling me in. Oh. My. God. The decor was amazing. Pom-poms, mason jars, vintage trinkets galore.  I got a little smorgasbord for my husband and I for breakfast. It was a little pricey but so worth it. I got a slice of their egg and zucchini quiche and one of their low fat breakfast cookies. I got my husband the bacon and caramelized onion quiche, two of their "mantastic" oat muffins, and a "dunkie" --a Twinkie covered in sprinkles. We loved it all. Everything tasted so fresh. The cashier was adorable and friendly (it also should be noted that she could pull off a leather skirt at 8 am). They serve Kaldis coffee. I was a little disappointed when they didn't serve the regular caffeinated Cafe Kaldi. Instead they had the Espresso 700 but I loved it as well. So good! To end...a gif: data1.whicdn.com/images/…
<review# 1241,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/16/2014,10/10/2014,20,79,5,9,9>Words can scarcely describe the awesomeness that is the City Museum. It's a true gem of St. Louis culture. Those who visit here should not consider their trip  complete without a stop at the City Museum. If you want to go buck wild and feel like a kid, go to the City Museum. If you want to climb through insane tunnels, slide down 10 stories, or climb up to the top of a building to hang out in a suspended airplane or school bus, the City Museum is the place for you! Amazing. There is nothing else like it.
<review# 1242,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/16/2014,10/9/2014,15,86,2,6,4>I LOVE going to The Royale!  It is a great place to catch drinks with friends.  They have an awesome cocktail menu, which has a really wide selection!  Last time I was there I couldn't bring myself to choose, and so I had the bartender surprise me!  They have pretty good food as well.  I recommend the spinach artichoke dip appetizer.  One of the best elements of The Royale is the atmosphere.  They have a great indoor and outdoor space.  Everything is very *cool* here from the menus, to wall decor, to the people who come here.  I have had all good experiences here, and recommend it!
<review# 1243,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/16/2014,10/8/2014,107,82,1,6,5>I've been desperately needing a (hair, not mental health) professional's help after I cut off my ponytail in a hotel room in a manic fit of angst a few weeks ago. I finally gave in and called Abra-Ca-Dabra at a coworker's suggestion, and I was happily surprised that they were able to schedule me in for later that day.They were still bustling at 7:30 p.m. when I walked in -- they're open until 9 p.m.! I was greeted immediately upon my arrival, and I only had to wait a few minutes to be seated. The salon itself is clean and more spacious than the outside would suggest. Apparently, they also offer spa services, like nails, massages and body wraps. Irma, who cut my hair that day, had plenty of suggestions for fixing my life, I mean hair, all of which I took graciously. As all hair dressers should, she had a wonderful gift of gab that left me feeling like we were friends and she was genuinely interested in my life. I like.I was very satisfied with the cut, and she even took the time to style my hair at the end. I only ended up spending $35, before tip.Quick. Clean. Professional. Solid experience all around.Walk-ins welcome.
<review# 1244,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/27/2014,10/7/2014,10,17,3,9,5>Ices just opened up as a new ice cream option in the city, and I got a chance to check them out on their opening day.  What a day for it too, as this day broached a scorching humid 100 degrees Fahrenheit.  I'm happy to say: the experience was refreshing. The parlor greets you with vintage nostalgia of the art of ice-cream-making swirled with bright vivid strokes of hot pink and ice blue.  Their specialty appears to be making ice cream with freezing blasts of liquid nitrogen, which was an interesting change of pace from traditional or custards.  I tried a cup of their chocolate nitro ice cream, which was blended with freshly shaved chocolate strips.  It was, in a word, delicious.On a hot day, I would absolutely recommend.
<review# 1245,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/30/2014,10/6/2014,63,89,13,11,11>Mr. Wizard,We've been together for the past few years. I know I haven't been loyal to you during this time, so I want to take this opportunity to be completely honest with you.Let me just get right to it. I've had some flings with Ted, and more recently, with Andy. I don't know if you've met Andy. He's new in town. I've seen Skeeter up in North County on a few occasions. My relationship with Silky has been pretty serious. I've had several late nights with him in both Ellisville and Creve Coeur. I've seen Rich in Oakville and also at his stand in Kirkwood. I've even had a few dates with a couple of guys named Doozle and Sheridan.I hate to admit it, but those are just the ones with whom I am on a first-name basis. I have also been seen at The St. Louis Custard Factory and The Custard Station. I have no idea what their real names are. All I'm trying to say here is: I get around.However, I keep coming back to you again and again. Sure, those other guys are great. Ted might be the big man on campus, but I'm looking for more. You have it, Mr. Wizard. You have everything I want. This probably sounds materialistic, but the best thing you've ever offered me is a concrete made with Reese's Peanut Butter Cups. It's a pretty standard offering, but yours is just better than what I get from those other guys. You load it up with chunks of those delicious little peanut butter babies. I normally would order my concrete with vanilla custard (and yours is great), but your chocolate custard is perfect with its smooth, mild milk-chocolate flavor. It's delightful on its own, but when used in a concrete, it doesn't overpower the toppings. Andy is a good guy, but the chocolate custard he gave me was wayyy too rich for my tastes. Your choice of toppings is typical of a custard joint: fruit, candy, sprinkles, nuts, various syrups, brownies, cheesecake, and cookie dough. However, you have a few that most other guys fail to offer me. One of those would be vanilla wafers. Mmm.I don't want you to think that I only like you for your concretes. You're a versatile guy, Wiz. May I call you Wiz? I've enjoyed a few of your sundaes and even a snow cone. Of course, I want to watch my figure for you. That's where your sugar-free snow cones and fat-free frozen yogurt come in handy. I obviously prefer your custard, but if I get a concrete made with yogurt, I can go crazy with the toppings. Right? ;)Your parking lot is a bit small, but that's okay. I think it's time for us to make a commitment to each other. That means you need only one parking space. A space for me.I love you, Wiz. I really love you.Yours forever,Kitty W.P.S. I hope the "W" stands for Wizard sometime in the near future. ;)
<review# 1246,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/26/2014,10/5/2014,98,221,2,6,5>Finally!  There's a clean, open, reasonably priced and *close* international grocery store.  The selection is not as extensive as Global Foods, but they certainly try to stock the popular items.  We ate here during their first official dinner service, and there were expected delays with a new kitchen staff, serving staff, and computer system.  Tried the: Crab guac $14- reasonable portion for sharing amongst 2-3 people with a good helping of crab meat and fresh chipsHama's Tuna $10- fresh-tasting fish, just enough spiceWatermelon, roasted tomato salad $12-14- I can't find this on the online menu, but this was by far the best dish we had; excellent dressing with fresh basilBeef Kebab $23- 6 pieces of beef on a skewer with sauteed mushrooms (shitake, inoki, etc.) with green beans/haricot verts served with a pomegranate molasses sauce- very tender meat; the color scheme for the dish was a little unappealing, but overall, the dish tasted goodTake home: Great addition to the Loop and a much needed international option for the area.  The food is over-priced, but the quality is excellent-this is a much improved version of the CWE's Central Table. The service on the first night was decent, but needs more training (surprise).  I don't know if I could afford to dine here all the time, but I can certainly pick up groceries.
<review# 1247,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/30/2014,10/4/2014,51,573,2,4,2>Somehow we get coupons on our birthdays from local establishments.  We rarely get around to making use of them, but this year, I sorted out Wild Horse Grill and Stefanina's because these are places we like and we made an effort to use them.It had been over a year since we were at WHG.  This is one of those places in the Valley, like Filippo's that we like and need to frequent more.  We went on a Friday evening, a little early, 6:00pm and the crowd was light at that time.  We probably did not need the reservations, but I guess I would not take the risk.  We did not take wine, but just for reference, I learned that corkage is a very fair $10.  Also, WHG participates in AAdvantage Dining.We are becoming fans of Wild Horse Grill.  We have had two very nice dinners in a row, well prepared and well-seasoned.   As always, we ordered their fried calamari.  This is tender and mild and delicious.  You could make a good meal out of this and a salad or bowl of soup.  The condiments were the same as we had before, chipotle aioli and sweet chile sauce.  I kind of mix them.  I had noted before the batter was heavy, but this time it did not seem overly so.  I do love this style; strips cut from large calamari.Ms T ordered Grouper Tacos which came with a choice of sides.  She had a fresh fruit salad.  The tacos were served in a folded fried pita, which looks like Navajo fry bread.  The use of a pita is a little thick for this purpose and does tend to be a little greasy.  I guess I can't fault them for needing a shortcut, rather than making their own fry bread and then not selling enough of it.  The two fillets of grouper in each taco were topped with a mayo based slaw with dill and remarkably little onion.  The grouper was fried in a light coating and was mild and moist.  Ms T enjoyed one taco and took one home for lunch the next day.  She rated these a re-order and a solid three stars.Again, I ended up with seabass.  This time with a southwestern flair, a little spicy, well seasoned and bronzed.  The salt level and seasoning was perfect and the bronze crust was well done.  The fish was delicious, eaten with the bed of black bean/mango salsa on which it was served and accompanied by guacamole.  The guacamole was to my taste, with enough salt and enough lime to be balanced out and have some depth.  Because the guac includes onion, I also had Ms T's serving that came with her tacos.  I must say, I really enjoyed this meal.  The portion was very good and I ate every flake and bean.  My slight wish for improvement would be to halve the onion in the salsa, but even though I am not a raw onion eater, I must say, the salsa did benefit from its inclusion.  Overall this was 4-1/2 stars for me.Wildhorse Grill should not be overlooked.  I know they have a new chef since ~September 2013.  We certainly need to be back before another year passes and bring our bottle of Herman Story.  We need to keep places like this going in far West County.
<review# 1248,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/21/2014,10/3/2014,182,97,,6,6>My aunt was traveling through town so my family had a very nice lunch here.The atmosphere is nice.  I was there during the week so there were a lot of people eating out for their lunch break in suits, ties and dresses (but not both together.., lol).  I loved the decor... It was quirky and eclectic.  There were fresh flowers on the table.  They seated us quickly, even for a party of 8.  It was easy to talk to everyone at the table...i.e. Not too noisy.  The staff was very friendly and attentive.I had the turkey club croissant and it was delicious!!! It came with thinly sliced carrots that seemed to have a little lemon zest.  Again, absolutely delicious!! Others had the onion soup, chicken salad, and salads and loved them!For dessert I splurged and had the chocolate cake.  Oohhhh.... Was it yummy!!!  My dad had the carrot cake and loved it!I will definitely go back and highly recommend everyone give it a shot!It was a bit pricey, but dad was treating ;).
<review# 1249,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/17/2014,10/2/2014,14,44,4,6,3>Planter's is a fantastic spot and exactly what the area needed (at least after Taste left Soulard for the CWE).  Planter's brings an upscale drinking environment to one of the oldest and most famous neighborhoods in St. Louis. The atmosphere is fantastic with an incredibly knowledgeable staff that will blow you away with the quality their finely made cocktails. I suggest the house Manhattan or the old but still in fashion, but I've yet to sample a drink I didn't find delicious.  I will continue to visit this fantastic spot time and time again.
<review# 1250,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/20/2013,1/20/2014,76,328,2,7,3>I've been to EdgeWild on a handful of occassions - twice for lunch and twice for dinner.  Every time has been fantastic.  The food is fresh and cooked well - if it's available, I highly recommend the Tenderloin Trio - yum!  And the winery atmosphere is really fun.  I appreciate the variety of wines available and suggested pairings, though I often stick to a flight of semi-dry whites no matter what I order.  Other menu items of note for me: Taste of EdgeWild cheese and charcuterie plate and Napa Valley salad (the bread they serve with it is phenomenal!).The biggest compliment I can give is to the wait staff.  All the waiters and waitresses we have had were attentive and courteous and, dare I say, charming.  They are obviously well trained and probably experienced in fine dining.  If they're not, then kudos again to their trainers.  They are fantastic.  They certainly earn their tips.EdgeWild is on the pricey end.  I'd suggest it for an occasional splurge, anniversary, or fancy date night.  We have brought our son with us on two occasions - once when he was an infant fast asleep in his carseat, the other as a toddler - both times during lunch.  I wouldn't bring him during dinner time, both for my sake and for the other dinners'.
<review# 1251,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/4/2013,1/19/2014,101,271,3,9,5>Ok so I read all the reviews and didn't really care that they didn't have a brick oven. Not a huge concern of mine.I went with friends here on lunch and looked through the menu, it was a little weird to have so many types of food but whatever.After my friends came back from the buffet and had tasty looking selections, I just got the buffet also. I ate a lot of chicken and pizza. And normally you don't see good chicken on a buffet. Its usually mediocre and not good, but this was pretty good. The Pizza was good also, and my friends all like the thin crust as well as my self. I honestly don't go out to eat for lunch very often and will most likely order off the menu next time, mainly to avoid over eating. I know a lot of you would say there is no such thing but yeah you can for sure stuff your face here. PS the salad was really good also, the dressing was the star.Service was pretty good even if it was just refilling our drinks.
<review# 1252,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/19/2013,1/18/2014,123,204,2,7,5>This is by far my favorite local brewery in the city.  They brew excellent beer...it is as simple as that.  The establishment is warm and friendly and has a great patio and upstairs for added capacity.  There is usual some great live music on the patio during warmer evenings.  They also allow dogs, which is an added plus.  The upstairs also has games and reading material for patrons to use during their visit.The staff are great and super cool to chat with.  They also offer delightful food items for anyone who gets a case of the hungries while visiting.  I also know that they will go out of the way to cater to vegan and vegetarian diets.  The food is pretty damn tasty, though.They switch the beer line-up ever so often but do not hesitate to ask for a sample and do attempt to try new beers.  I have not found one that I would not order again.  My personal favorite is the American Brown and the English Brown.  However, I am also partial to their stouts as well.  Pop in and give them a try but heads up...they are not open on Sunday & Mondays.  Remember to take cash as that is the only payment type excepted.
<review# 1253,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/14/2013,1/17/2014,17,101,,5,4>Okay, me and Vince ended up coming here because the other place (next door so place) was packedn because everyone wanted to watch the soccer game there and we got there too late to watch it too, so Three Monkeys it was. The place was really clean and the staff was very helpful. I surprised that I haven't been here because the old Tin Can is next door, so I don't know how I missed this one. Nevertheless, let me tell you what they had that I never had before.........drum roll.....crab cake grilled wrap! WTH!!! It was so good too. My drink was good, food was good, and they even changed it to soccer for Vince and I to watch. That was cool. Now ya know I a product of the CWE but now I'm Fergie Mo, but if I have a yearning for a crab cake wrap, I'm heading to Three Monkeys.
<review# 1254,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/16/2013,1/16/2014,109,351,6,13,9>Sometimes Yelp makes me look like quite the rockstar with my friends.. and "discovering" this place was one of those times.  Don't worry, I give my Yelp friends proper credit when due!Love this place.  We only drank and played pinball but that was plenty for a fun night.  I just wish it was a little bit bigger.. it's hard to stand next to someone and heckle their lack of pinball skills when the machines are so close together.  Plus it does get SO loud when it's crowded, between the people talking and the machines going.  I'll certainly be back though!
<review# 1255,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/3/2013,1/15/2014,165,166,5,8,6>A huge fan of the now defunct Bleeding Deacon, I now make my way to the Crow's Nest for a good beer and a divey environs. I'll admit that the service can be a bit leisurely, but when I'm at the Crow's Nest, I am not in a hurry. I had a party for my husband at the Crow's Nest about a year ago and they treated us really well. We had our own server; they split tabs; they even reserved a portion of the room just for the large group. I brought my coworkers around for what we like to call "Thirsty Thursday" (ie, end-of- week drinks and work gripes). Now it's our regular spot. Roomy, moody, classed-up bar food. There's a lot to love.Other shinies:-Back porch for outdoor seating and smoking-Metal Brunch on Sundays-It's close to my house and that matters. -Cult classic films projected on the wall help those awkward silent moments between drinks. Nothing starts a conversation like a black and white scene of a 1950s robot shooting things with a lazer gun.My last tip: Park in the lot behind them rather than trying to dick with traffic and parallel parking. (PS Long live The Bleeding Deacon. You'll always be in my heart.)
<review# 1256,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/24/2013,1/14/2014,76,154,3,5,3>After reading Yelp reviews about this place and hearing about it by word of mouth as well, I finally came here yesterday with my hubby and am able to check it off my St. Louis bucket list! We arrived early around 11am Friday and the line was only about 4 people long. They asked us if there were any groups of 2 and were immediately whisked in! Not having to wait in a long line = awesome. My first tip is to come in small groups because the biggest table in the restaurant seems to seat 4 people. My husband and I squeezed into a tiny 2-person booth and ordered the famous BLT sandwich.The prices may seem a bit high ($9 for a sandwich) BUT the portion is enough for 2 meals. I tried to convincing my hubby to share just the BLT with me because it sounds like a huge portion. He was not convinced and wanted to order a Reuben sandwich to himself too. The BLT sandwich arrived in 5 minutes (they must keep a ton of sandwiches prepped and ready to be served since so many people order it every day!). And it did not disappoint. I'm pretty sure that the amount of bacon in the one sandwich was about 10x my usual consumption of bacon!!! It was thick, so flavorful, and crunchy. I'm not a big BLT person but I really liked it with the mayo and tomato. I finished half of the sandwich and was full. So when the Reuben sandwich arrived, we ended up taking most of it home. The Reuben comes on sour dough bread and is really thick. It was more sour than I'm used to because of the tangy sauerkraut, but I liked the meat a lot. And finally, we split a strawberry malt shake. Yummm! It was nice to taste real bits of strawberry. I couldn't taste too much of the malt powder though. We ended up taking some of the malt home with us too because we couldn't finish it. It was definitely enough for 3-4 people.They also have homemade candy on display and I definitely want to try that out next time! I'm definitely bringing visitors (especially bacon-loving visitors) here next time!
<review# 1257,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/10/2013,1/13/2014,57,53,7,10,7>I LOVE PHO GRAND!!! I've been frequenting this place for years and just now thought to leave a review for this fine establishment. Vietnamese food by it's nature is very light, fresh, and sits comfortably in one's belly. Pho Grand excels at all three. I've never had anything bad at this place. I always try something different, yesterday going with the Deep Fried Tofu Noodle dish. YUM.Only recently, did I discover the amazing Vietnamese Coffee offering! They brought the whole set-up to make the coffee to our table. It is a hand-poured method and the coffee is VERY VERY Strong. Once the coffee is ready they pour it into a glass which contains some sweetened condensed milk and add ice!! They stir it all together and WOW! It is a kicker! Strong, flavorful, delish. It's like a desserty treat. But WARNING: it is STRONG, so don't drink it too late or you will be scrubbing your floors at 2AM not knowing what else to do with that energy.
<review# 1258,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/24/2013,1/12/2014,116,188,,11,7>SOOO GOOD!!!Tuesday night, the place was packed but we got seating for 2 right away. Apps: Kale salad ($7) is a must!  So fresh and crunchy and flavorful. Easy to eat.  You've never had kale quite like this.  The squash soup ($6) was pretty bland.  Salt and pepper helped somewhat.  It was warm and comforting, probably best suited to people who don't like bold flavors.I knew the pistachio ravioli ($15) would be good, but not this good. The flavors were insane!!! The brown butter, the lemon, the mint...  SO FREAKING GOOD I CANNOT SAY THIS ENOUGH.Their version of bolognese ($14) was also quite delicious, and a HUGE portion.  This alone plus a couple apps and bread could satisfy two people.  The cherry-limeade gelato and the toasted coconut gelato were also AWESOME.Great service and background music.  I can't wait to come back here and try everything else!Oh yeah, have them validate your ticket so you park for free in the garage right next door.
<review# 1259,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/1/2013,1/11/2014,527,814,12,18,12>Sweet, Mother of God! Tripel is amazing. I can not tell you the last time I had something this good in my mouth. I could, but one of us (me) might blush. From the first bite of Terrine, to the last bite of Creme Brûlée my taste buds were screaming, "OMG, don't stop, faster, give it to me faster, I want more."   Proving that every dish was a foodgasm. We started off with a Terrine, which was made with chicken liver and bone marrow. I am not a fan of liver, especially chicken and this Terrine won me over. It was served in a small mason jar with crostini's on the side. I had no idea, a chicken liver could taste so good. I love escargot and this is the best I've had in my entire life. I bet even Lucy Ricardo would have skipped using ketchup and enjoyed these exquisite snails. They were served with bone marrow and with the two of them combined on a baguette, totally set off fireworks in my mouth. If you are a fan of both of these culinary delights, you'll understand how delicious it would be when they're combined into one. Next we enjoyed two pots of mussels. A la Marimiere, was a traditional white wine shallot broth and Provencales, a tomato, garlic and fresh basil broth. They were served in small black pots on plates with slices of baguette on the side. When the top was removed, it was the perfect place to discard the shells. It made it so easy to shuck all the mussels at once. I was then able to enjoy my mussels with a soup spoon as if I were eating a hearty soup. When I was done, I wanted to pick up the pot by its' handles and do my best Oliver Twist imitation, "More, please". We were both stuffed like the Thanksgiving turkey, but it did not stop us from exploring the dessert menu. If you're going to over stuff yourself, why only share one dessert? You might as well, go hog wild and experience two. We ordered the Belgium Waffles with Baked Apples and Cheesecake with Cherries and Candied Bacon. The bartender claimed the Cheesecake was his favorite, so I ordered it instead of my original intention Creme Brûlée.The house made cheesecake with the candied cherries and bacon was unbelievable. Forget about breaking me off a piece of that Kit Kat Bar, break me off another piece of that candied bacon, it is so addicting. The Belgium Waffles with baked apples was like eating an ready to assembled pie. It was a great way to end our meal. As a bonus, the bartender treated us to a Creme Brûlée. He wanted to make sure, he didn't steer me wrong on ordering his favorite. He was right his was the best of the three, but the Creme Brûlée was still outstanding. I'd be torn on which one to reorder on my next visit. The ambiance is a mixture of blast from the past  (classic cocktail lounge) and as Megan stated, "industrial chic". It is both relaxing and romantic.  This is an ideal place for a date night, business meeting or hanging with friends. The staff is extremely friendly and very knowledgeable about the menu offerings. I was so impressed, I plan on being a regular at Tripel.
<review# 1260,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/27/2012,7/13/2012,136,283,2,6,3>This year's Greater St. Louis Book Fair is ON!Aside from Christmas this is THE best day of the year. It's still going on through the weekend (it ends Sunday the 29th) so grab a big bag or a rolling cart--or, better yet, a rolling SUITCASE--and head on over! The book fair takes place in the parking lot outside of Macy's at the West County Mall. That entrance is blocked off, so I always park in the lot right outside the mall food court and make the short walk. The first day (Thursday) is always $10 admission to get your pick first, but all the other days (including this weekend) are totally free.The fair has a HUGE selection of sections including fiction, literature, cookbooks, sci-fi and fantasy, mystery, travel, foreign language, children's, war, occult, garden, nature, pets, TV and entertainment, cars, rare and collectible, and boxed sets. Small children's books start at $0.50 and normal paperbacks are $1, with hardcovers coming in around $2 and then more rare books going up to $5 or more. To give you an idea, today I bought 35 books for $32. You can use cash or credit cards, and they provide shopping carts (if you can nab them) and free boxes to cart your books away. A lot of these books are on the PRISTINE side of "like new"--I consistently find books that I swear have never been opened. Not to mention that the book fair is for charity, so you're helping others by helping yourself to stacks of books.
<review# 1261,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/21/2012,7/12/2012,148,364,,11,6>The newest and greatest location of PI is officially here! Today I was able to attend a "soft opening" for their downtown location. I had no idea what to expect when I arrived, but it was pretty much awesome to be greeted by a manager and a hostess! I felt like I was walking the red carpet! Upon being seated our server was ready with some water and provided us a list of items to choose from; including drinks, appetizers, salads, pizzas, and desserts! Holy crap! I couldn't decide what to get first. I know when a business is new they do all they can to impress their guests and provide excellent service; and so of course the service was excellent! I really think that these servers and waitstaff were being genuine and I think that as time goes on they will continue to serve their customers with all the same enthusiasm as they showed this evening! Smiles were all around and everyone was so helpful! I can tell they really know how to work as a team. We began our order by asking for recommendations from our server. She recommended the chips and dip; OK! We ordered the chips and dip and also the chicken wings. The food came out quickly and was piping hot! The chips were Billy Goat and the onion dip was delicious! The chicken wings were crispy and NOT spicy at all. Thank heavens! I was able to eat 3 without feeling the heat. We then ordered some salads; Bada Bing is my favorite, but we also decided to try the Mushroom Salad as well. This salad is exclusive to the Downtown location only; you should try it! Now came the hard part; we had to order the pizza! I mean after all, that was what we were there for. We decided on a thin crust Lincoln Park as well as a Deep Dish "Create Your Own". Since it was Meatless Monday we decided to try out some goat cheese, spinach, and mushroom on our pizza. By the time our pizza came out we were stuffed! I think we all managed to eat a piece and then we needed to box it up. Too much food. I have the "itis". Our server brought us 3 boxes and we were able to pack it up and split up the food appropriately. We had SO much food! Overall, the service was great, he food was delicious (as it always is at any PI location), and talking with the manager at the end of the meal was the cherry on top! Speaking of cherries-we didn't order dessert because we were too stuffed to even think about adding another bite of food to our stomachs. Next time I go for a visit I think I will need to sit out side on the patio; it would be a perfect place to sit back and enjoy a beer and a slice of PI. Thank you Downtown PI location for such an incredible evening and experience! YOU ROCK!
<review# 1262,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/20/2012,7/11/2012,95,111,3,6,7>Aaamazing fro-yo, great selection of toppings, a collection of cute neighborhood dogs, and a playlist to make your 14-year-old self go bananas. If you are going to be sober in Soulard, you need to be at The Island. I went there last night with a friend who lives in the area. The cashier was so chipper, cute, and friendly. As soon as we walked in, he immediately welcomed us and asked, "Want to try a sample?" Yep. This place is solid.When left to my own demise when it comes to ice cream, things get pretty messy. At The Island, you grab a cup, fill it up, and add your toppings. I got the Chocolate Milk Shake and destroyed it with oreos and cookie dough. (This is what I always get at ice cream shops. I call it Emily's cookie extravaganza bonanza. When I get the type 2 D's, this will probably be cause #4). The result was heavenly. The price was wonderful (not at all like the douchey price over at Cold Stone.). As much as I like Soulard, sometimes its Sodom-and-Gomorrah-vibe really gets to me. The Island Frozen Yogurt really show's its friendly neighboorhood "sweet" side. I highly recommend.
<review# 1263,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/4/2012,7/10/2012,154,611,,13,7>I've been wanting to go here for awhile, as I love animals, and was looking for something free or cheap to do as a date with my hubby. I chose the first Saturday of the month, because they offer tours of the wildlife hospital then, which sounded cool.It's not far out at all and I highly suggest driving through Lone Elk Park while you're out there. It's well marked from the highway. I didn't quite know what to expect, but when we pulled up, it was very woody and much of what you see is outdoors, so dress accordingly. There are maps available and posted so it's easy to see what there is to do. There is the gift shop/nature center (where they have tropical birds, tiny owls, reptiles, bats, and more), the wildlife hospital, two outdoor areas where bird perch, and a walkway where there are large outdoor aviaries on either side. At first, you can't help but feel sorry for the birds who are tethered to their perches. However, I felt better when I read the explanation that they spend 80-95% of their day perching. Also, most or all of the birds would not survive if they were allowed to fly away because they have wing injuries, are tame, or have other ailments (several of them had cataracts or other eye problems). The WBS is focused on education, awareness, and conservation. Without these birds, they would not be able to meet their mission. I especially loved watching two pelicans fight over fish and play with their food- very entertaining! It was also cool to see the bats hanging, and there is a friendly chicken who walks free in the nature center and you can pet her. I wanted to take her home!The tours of the wildlife hospital start at noon - which wasn't on the website. Luckily, we were there soon before, so we got a personal tour. We were the only ones taking advantage of it. A nice volunteer walked us through the hospital and showed us each area. There is an intake area where they assess the birds that come in and give them medical treatment. One thing I learned was that by Missouri law, birds of prey either have to be rehabilitated and released or euthanized. The WBS can't just keep them if they are injured, with a few exceptions (they have a permit that occasionally allows them to if one of their birds has died). The coolest part was seeing the "patients" and hearing their stories. There were 4 hawks and 2 owls being treated when we were there. They are kept in little cages, fed and cared for until they are releasable. It was a $5 donation and took about 45 minutes, and we got to ask a bunch of questions. I highly recommend coming when you can have a tour! They have a lot of cool events - I plan on going back for some in the future!
<review# 1264,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/5/2012,7/9/2012,117,126,12,14,9>This is my new favorite restaurant on Cherokee. I took my mom last night for her birthday dinner. We're pretty picky about authentic Mexican because we're both too poor to be picky about small plates or lobster tails or what have you, and we were really happy with our food.If you like horchata, this is the place. While La Vallesana's is too thick and Garduno's is a little weak, Siete Luminarias' is just right. And if you didn't understand a word of what I just wrote, get in your car right now, drive down there and make it right.The most expensive thing on the menu is $11, and I ordered it because I had a profitable trip to the Coinstar machine earlier that day. It was a big pot of meaty, cheesy, cactusy goodness served with rice, beans, pico de gallo and awesome corn tortillas. I felt a mix of triumph and shame after finishing it. My mom opted for the ceviche tostadas, which were made with tilapia, chopped jalapenos, some other things and a chipotle-ish sauce on top. Had I not set my mind to eating out of a food cauldron, I definitely would have ordered these. They were really, really good. Ol' girl also got herself a tongue taco for $1.50 (it was her birthday, I wasn't going to say no). She considers herself a connoisseur of the lengua, and claims this was the best tongue taco she has ever eaten. I'd trust her on this one. As for me, too many years of her serving us "pot roast" followed by a giggling confession that she had, in fact, just "slipped her whole family the tongue", ruined me on it for the rest of my life. Anyway. We're fans of this place. The guys working were super friendly and it was fun to watch them prepare everything. It's a bright, clean space with an interesting, inexpensive menu and a very friendly staff.
<review# 1265,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/6/2012,7/8/2012,122,266,2,6,3>This place has an AMAZING $2.99 breakfast with drink purchase.  It is the Main Street breakfast and you get two eggs, two bacon two sausage, and 2 pancakes or 2 french toast or 1/2 order of biscuits and gravy.They have some other amazing breakfast deals for less than $5.  They also have an all u can eat menu such as chicken tenders, fried chicken etc with salad bar for less than $7.99.Ask for Othel he can recite everything from the menu from memory, will not make you wait long and will not disappoint you, we have asked for him time and time again and have never had bad service.This is a great place to bring a whole family especially if your on a budget.  It is getting busier on weekends sometimes there is a wait.
<review# 1266,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/27/2012,7/7/2012,119,513,3,9,3>Not sure if it's the "new restaurant" hype, the chain's reputation, or the great food, but I would highly recommend making a reservation, because this place gets packed.  I made a reservation request through their website online and they called back to confirm the reservation within the day.  We added a 5th person to the reservation 2 hrs before, and they accommodated despite being fully booked at 12:30pm on a Friday, but most of their tables are 4-tops, and it took us about 15-18 mins after our reservation time to be seated.  This place has a high-end bistro feel from the menu to the decor to the service.Some notes on the 5-star service:1) So even though we had a wait, the hostess came back to us every 5 mins to give us an update on our table, which was quite professional of them.2) When ordering a burger, the server was thoughtful enough to mention that their version of "medium" was quite red in the middle.3) The server brought new drinks promptly and, noticing I was using my knife with my salad, she brought me a new knife before my entree arrived.Food was 4.5/5.0.   Our group had the Cheeseburger (see pic) ($11), Half Rack of Ribs ($14), Steak Frites (see pic) ($18), Fish Tacos ($14), and Vermont Cheddar Bacon Cheeseburger ($14).  Everyone really liked their food.  My cheeseburger was especially good and quite filling!  Since I was told "medium" was very red in the middle, I ordered "Well" which still left quite a bit of pink/red in the middle but was cooked well and tasted perfect.  I was able to substitute the usual side choices of fries or slaw with an option from the Sides menu at no extra charge.  I ordered the Three Cheese Macaroni, which I probably won't order again.  It was nicely done, but one of the flavors (one of the cheeses) had a particularly sharp taste and did not blend with the creamy/smooth texture you expect for a Mac-n-Cheese.  Their fries are the skinny type and looked good with the Steak Frites.The only reason I'm not giving them 5 stars is because we found their Lunch Menu to be pricey.  Meals cost an average of $20pp for lunch - Burger $11, Soda $2.25, Side Salad $5 plus tax n tip.  A French Dip sandwich was $17, for example.
<review# 1267,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/17/2011,7/6/2012,55,255,,5,7>Damn good food, and creative cocktails, too.They're a tapas place, so the food naturally comes in small portions -- and, as often is the case with tapas restaurants, is overpriced.We tried five items (descriptions copied-and-pasted from their website):* Cabrales Cigars: Spanish blue cheese & leek fondue, rolled into phyllo cigars then pan seared; accented with sherry-raisin sauce.The blue cheese wasn't overpowering, neither was the leek; in fact, unless you told me there was blue cheese and leek in it, I never would have guessed.  But they were very good and had a lot of rich flavor.* Monterrey Jack and guava empanadas with aji amarillo sauce.Empanadas, for those who don't know, are basically turnovers.  Aji amarillo is a type of pepper, but the sauce wasn't too spicy.  These were also quite tasty.* Frita: Traditional Cuban pork & chorizo sliders topped with Monterey Jack cheese & crispy Yukon gold potatoes; served on a Cuban sweet roll & garnished with citrus herb sauce.Absolutely delicious.  Blows most traditional burgers out of the water.  The meat is very flavorful and moist.* Papas Rellenas: Flash fried balls of Mashed Yukon potatoes filled with picadillo & spanish cheese; served with sofrito.Picadillo apparently means different things in different Spanish-speaking countries, but it always refers to a minced/chopped/ground mixture.  In this case, it was ground meat with seasonings.  Very good.  Served INCREDIBLY hot, at least in my case, so be careful!* Tostones: Plantain chips served with two dipping selections; black bean refritos and tangy citrus garlic & herb mojo.I've had plantain chips before, but not like this.  As far as I can tell, they sliced the plaintains and then smashed them down to flatten them, and fried them until they were crispy, but still a little soft.  They were also very good.All in all, I think a lot of their food is really creative.  As you may have guessed, most of it is Latin-American themed.They also have a decent-sized list of creative specialty cocktails.  I didn't try any, because I wasn't in the mood, but a friend who tried three of them said they were more "sour" while he was used to more "sweet" cocktails -- and thus, he liked them, but wasn't blown away.  But that's his opinion... if he wants, he can write his own Yelp review :)Our waitress was extremely friendly and eager to explain things to us, check on the status of things (food comes out when it's ready, rather than all at once), etc.  Service started out pretty fast, but as the place got more crowded and the kitchen got swamped, it slowed down considerably.  That's understandable, though.As I briefly mentioned, this place isn't terribly cheap.  Each of the fairly-small plates run around $8-9, on average.  They suggest 2-3 plates per person, so it can add up, especially if you throw cocktails into the mix.  We went for Yelp Eats, though, so we saved a lot!  Thanks, Aimee.
<review# 1268,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/16/2012,7/5/2012,53,95,,5,5>Don't judge a book by it's cover. That motto applies to unassuming restaurants just as it does other things. I do not frequent chains. I avoid 'mall restaurants' like the plague. But when a BlackFinn opened down the street from the office a few co-workers and I decided to check it out. Don't let the location fool you, this chain really is in a class of its own.The decor and layout are really tasteful. Large, open and a patio that is almost done. We were sat in the front dining room with a very classy nautical theme. The hosts were very eager to serve and this carried over to the waitstaff. Then we opened the menu...Lots of great options for all palates and diets. Prices were reasonable ($9-15 entrees). Have not had this much trouble choosing an entree in quite some time. Creative burgers, various salads, flatbreads, seafood options; loved the crab cake sliders on the lunch menu. Will be back to try the lobster mac-n-cheese.The lunch crowd on a rainy Friday just a short time from opening was in full swing. There is a large bar space, even large back room, and intimate main dining room. So many menu options means we will be back. Is it possible for the servers to be so new and excited to please that it can be overwhelming (we were checked in on about every 3 minutes)? Well they are here so don't worry about lacking service.Give this 'mall restaurant that is not really in the mall' a try.
<review# 1269,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/27/2012,7/4/2012,63,150,1,6,3>Spur of the moment decision to find a massage two weeks ago Monday, and a search online brought up MassageLuxe.  Their hour-long introductory price (Swedish - $38) is a buck cheaper that of their mass-market massage competition, and for an hour and a half it's an additional $20.  We tried to book a couples massage, but they charge an additional $10 PER PERSON!  At the competition down the road, incidentally, there is no upcharge.  But the schedule worked best here, so we ended up at MassageLuxe.  It was great!  We both had amazing massage therapists and the time flew by; by the description I'd say his was better than mine but seriously the best massage I've had in awhile, soothing but powerful.  I left feeling like an al dente noodle.  MassageLuxe is a national chain; this location is on Hwy K directly across from Gold's Gym, which is to say mid-way between 70 & 64/40.  The staff are friendly, the ambiance is relaxing, the facilities are clean and the masseuses were skilled.Feeling achy?  Try the intro, you'll be hooked!
<review# 1270,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/3/2011,3/1/2012,513,774,7,10,9>This place is AMAZING. It's well worth the drive to this middle of nowhere town. A friend of mine recommended it and told me about their fantastic wines so we headed out and decided to get a bite to eat while we were there. I was blown away by the service, food and wine that we had while we were there. We ended up with 2 pizzas (my husband wanted the alfredo) and I ordered the Tuscany. Tuscany - Olive Oil, Prosciutto Ham, Spinach & Fontina Cheese is what is advertised online. I believe it had mozzarella though. Either way FANTABULOUS!!!!! We tried many wines but ended up walking out with these. The Redbud was my favorite. It's a mix of two of their wines. So Yum! Red Bud - Chambourcin/ChancellorAmerican SteubenSeyval BlancSangioveseThe lady let us try several wines and when we decided on a refill on our wine she just let us finish the bottle she had opened and only charged us for the bottle versus per glass. What an awesome deal. The place is very small and we even ate on some paper plates. With the quality that we got, I would of even ate out of the box.I would say 5 bottles of wine and 2 pizzas? I'm totally sold and a fan!
<review# 1271,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/19/2011,2/29/2012,109,351,3,3,3>Wow.. what a week for me!  I made Elite, I had my first UYE *and* it's my 100th review.  What better way to celebrate than with a cookie cake!?  Yeah, you heard me.. *free* cookie cake.. from Aimee.. for having the UYE.  Be jealous.  It was delicious!  Bet you wish you had a UYE like me...OK, so the idea for this UYE was the results of K Pub's "Ridiculously Hot Chicken Wing Challenge".  I can't handle the heat, but it never keeps me out of the kitchen.  I looooove chicken wings.  So, I recruited a few braver-than-me yelpers and let them loose on the wing challenge.  I'll let them yelp their own experiences but let's just say *My* sinuses are cleared from just sitting next to them eating these wings.  It was that bad.I went for the plain ole parmesan garlic wings.  Not spicy, thankyouverymuch.  Delicious.  The appetizer comes with 10 wings, which was about 2 wings too many for me.  Huge, juicy, deep friend wings.  I was in greasy wing heaven - my favorite!  The only bad thing is that deep fried deliciousness takes *forever* so make sure and order an appetizer or risk chewing on your own arm out of hunger.Of course, this place is sorta out in the middle of nowhere in a strip mall so odds of me coming back aren't great.  If you happen to be in O'Fallon or passing through, for sure stop by this place and give them a try.  It's more bar than restaurant but still clean and a nice place to hang out.  Even with the Rams on MNF and the Cardinals fighting to get into the playoffs it wasn't crazy crowded.  The bartender/waiter was friendly and managed to handle the whole crowd with ease - he even split up our checks and didn't mess any of them up!
<review# 1272,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/24/2011,2/28/2012,138,21,,7,9>My sister in law & I had the amazing fortune of getting to meet Linda, the shop's owner, on the night of the terrible storms and tornadoes here on Friday 4/22/11. We had actually just settled in and ordered dinner across the street at Ferguson Brewery when I realized I had heard of this "Free Range Cookies" store I could see through the window...and I THOUGHT they had gluten-free goods...so I got on my iPhone to verify and found that their store hours were only until 6 on Fridays. I tweeted about how I was bummed I missed out on @FreeRangeCookie that day. Not 5 minutes later, I received at tweet back from that said "come on over!" So post-haste, I collected Meg and we ran over just as the storm was ramping up and had an amazing time chatting with Linda, checking out the shop and sampling her goodies before buying practically half of them and running back across the street in the rain!This place is like a holy mecca to me now, I think. I've been gluten free for about two years and while accessibility of a lot of food products has increased, store-bought pastries are still incredibly lacking and the call of my sweet tooth has gone unanswered for a long time. Free Range Cookies offers fresh baked goods that I think taste BETTER than "normal" sweets and we could not have had more fun and felt more special than we did that night! Meg and I continued to tweet back and forth with Linda from Ferguson Brewery when all the power in the neighborhood went out to make sure she was okay and I'm also happy to report that we and our property all made it through!
<review# 1273,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/15/2011,2/27/2012,156,121,8,7,8>I love pinball. I love beer. I love awesome jukeboxes. I love megatouch with boobies on it.Plus this place has Doctor Who pinball, and it's insanely hard. PLUS I CAN SMOKE HERE! Plus for me, minus for you non-smokers! Muahahaha.I hear they have pretty awesome Australian Meat Pies as well. But I've never partaken. Here is a sampling of how awesome the Jukebox is: X, Descendents, Tom Waits, and a bunch more good punk and stuff that I can't remember because honestly last time I was there I got pretty sloshed.They have giant cans of PBR for really cheap, bigger than tall boys I feel like. Whatever is bigger than tall cans, that's what they are. They also crack open the side of the top of the can that's open across from the mouth so you can throw the beers back even faster if you choose to do so.I also got this neon blue-ish midori monster of a drink called a Slutbucket. Because 1. it was pretty. 2. the name is hilarious. I'm not even a mixed drink kind of girl, but I went with it.As the bartender was giving me the drink, I say to my boyfriend "I only wanted it because it was pretty." While the bartender was walking away, he said "Story of my life."
<review# 1274,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/19/2011,2/26/2012,51,573,2,8,5>About 12 years ago, we went as a family to Cunetto's on The Hill and were really disappointed in the quality of the food.  The next day I asked a guy I worked with, who I knew had grown up in The Hill neighborhood, where he would recommend.  He commented that Cunetto's was a "food factory" and I never forgot that.  One of the places that he recommended was Lorenzo's.  Somehow we had not made it there in all these years, so a Groupon triggered a visit.  Let me just say that it will not be another 12 years before we return.  It was a beautiful early summer evening.  There is something so nice about going to a great place to eat in a neighborhood like this, rather than a strip mall.  At times like this suburbanite me, envies just a little, the people who can stroll to such local places whenever they choose.We had reservations for Saturday evening and the seating went smoothly.  Our waiter Joe was excellent and provided just the right amount of attentive service throughout.  Bread is served with a butter that has bleu cheese blended in.  I really liked this with both the bread and the thin and light bread sticks.  We started with calamari (of course).  It was lightly coated and perfectly fried with some zucchini spears mixed in on a bed of spinach.  It had a light bodied tomato vinaigrette dressing.  This was great.  I sort of wanted a little bit more of the sauce.  Even the spinach was excellent.  It was a large portion and about half went home with us.  I could not resist another appetizer in the form of a special-of-the-evening; lobster ravioli which was garnished with mushrooms and scallions and topped with a rich brandy cream sauce.  This was also excellent with full rich flavors.  Joe offered to split one special-of the evening salad for the two of us.  It had spinach with fresh buffalo mozzarella, sliced apples, strawberries and sliced almonds, topped with a pistachio vinaigrette.   Again Lorenzo's hit the bull's eye.Ms T selected risotto with seafood in mushroom ragu.  This was first rate.  The risotto was properly cooked, not pasty.  It had rich seafood and mushroom flavors and a nice portion of shrimp, scallops and calamari.  The sauce was well flavored with good depth and balance.  Great choice.  The huge serving made three good leftover meals.I had narrowed it down to roasted portabella tortellini or penne with eggplant and kalamata olives, but Joe announced another special-of-the-evening; walleyed pike fillet with horseradish mashed potatoes.  I selected the walleye and really happy with it.  The walleye fillet appeared baked with a light coating of seasonings that did not overpower the mild fish.  The horseradish mashed potatoes (real homemade style) and accompanying steamed green beans and baby carrots were a nice combination even if a little ordinary.   There was richly flavored tomato sauce under the walleye that was infused with rosemary and worked will with both the fish and the potatoes.  All in all it was excellent.I know that when you go here and when we return, the specials will be different.  I described them here to illustrate the balance and depth of flavors that were in each one and by extension I expect that most items on the menu are well conceived and well executed.  As a bonus I did not wish for a salt shaker once during the meal.  My only minor comment is that they are very quick to remove plates, perhaps to get another seating.  I would not call it leisurely.There appear to be at least two tiers to the quality of Italian restaurants in St Louis and even on The Hill.  Lorenzo's is clearly in the top tier.  This is a strong four stars, close to five.
<review# 1275,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/4/2011,2/25/2012,100,105,3,11,9>I'm giving 5 stars because the food was fantastic.  The start was a little rocky though.  The hostess sat us, gave us menus, and we started the "what are you getting" dance.  The love o my life takes forever and a freakin day to order.  F-O-R-E-V-E-R.  So after 15 grueling minutes the server comes and takes our order.  W ask him questions, he answers and assures us that we have made excellent choices.  Five minutes later he comes back and apologetically tells us that we had been given the dinner menu at lunch time and the entrees we wanted were not available.  OK so now I'm a wee bit peeved but we figured out new meals, did a few deep breaths, and ate a lot of salsa and chips.  Which are amazing by the way.  Like I asked if I could have the recipe amazing.This is an extremely gluten free friendly restaurant.  Quite a bit is naturally gluten free and they seem well educated on the entire subject.On to the meal!!!  The full round up of what we got included cochinita pibil street tacos, chicken tinga tacos, grilled baja fish tacos, cilantro rice, charro beans, and street corn.  Everything was excellent but the close your eyes, sit back, and thank heaven you're eating this award goes to....fish tacos and street corn.   So delicious.  Everything was fresh and seasoned perfectly.  The fact that I'm more than willing to schlep to Webster Groves for tacos and corn should clue in that this place is awesome.
<review# 1276,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/4/2011,2/24/2012,108,88,4,12,9>King Edwards, I love your fried chicken!  The chicken here is so good.  It's crispy, but not too crispy, and it's juicy.  This is the original location started in 1966.  It has had a couple owners since it has first opened, but it still has the same great chicken.  My family has been coming here for years.I like to get fried chicken and mashed potatoes and gravy.  If you order extra chicken it is good the next day straight from the fridge.  I am not a huge fan of leftovers, but I am not disappointed when there are King Edwards leftovers!  I also like the catfish and shrimp.  I always get the mashed potatoes and gravy, but  I suppose I need to try some other sides, maybe green beans next time.  Also on the menu are frog legs, clam strips, salmon, cod, livers and gizzards.  As for sides they have the standard crinkle cut french fries, potato salad, slaw, green beans, mashed potatoes and gravy, corn on the cob, red beans and rice, baked beans and mac and cheese.  There are lots of other sides and appetizers to choose from like fried pickles, okra, mushrooms, cauliflower and cheese sticks.  There is nothing healthy here so don't try and fool yourself, but everything is good!    The restaurant is small.  You order at the counter and then they let you know when your food is ready.  There are only a few tables and they fill up fast at lunch time.  The line usually backs up to the door, but you can call ahead and take your order to go.  The problem is that there are two big tables that seat six people or so and if the other small tables are taken you have no choice but to sit there.  This can make things complicated if there is a big group of people needing to be sit and eat.  If you have people to feed and don't feel like making dinner call in your order and pick it up on the way home.  Viola, you have dinner and some extra time!  If you like fried chicken I suggest you give King Edwards a try.
<review# 1277,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/5/2011,2/23/2012,58,205,2,7,4>What it comes down to is this: do you want/need to go to a Schnuck's (full-service supermarket) or do you want to go to Culinaria (think the best 7-11 ever...)? For most Downtown employees and visitors, Culinaria should prove more than adequate.For what it's worth, I may only be a fan because I've never relied on this store for more than lunch groceries, its foodservice counters or the occasional dinner item. Scanning the other reviews, as I'm always wont to do, there seem to be two distinct classes of feeling on the market: fellow fans who are okay with the store's intentional shortcomings and those who're easily annoyed or expect more.Culinaria is owned and operated by Schnuck's, but you have to imagine that by giving it its own, separate name, someone plotting how the store would be marketed was trying to draw some kind of distinction between this and a full-service supermarket.The distinction is that Culinaria is smaller. It tries to convey a higher standard and uses 'nicer' signage. As compared to many Schnuck stores, a higher percentage of Culinaria caters to prepared foods, there are fewer SKUs (read: limited selections on most types of items), there's higher percentage of floorspace dedicated to alcohol (wine upstairs and beer in the coolers on the east side of the store) and there's a far different layout, with produce 'last' and meats 'first'.It's a little quirky, but a perfectly good place to stop for a loaf of bread.Notes:a) Parking is validated. One hour is the standard. Two hours are given in the evening. Validations print with your receipt at checkout.b) The garage for the store is located above the store.c) As Andrew C pointed out (and surely others as well), there's a dining space upstairs that's open for patrons. Soft pendant lighting and some darker tones give it a feel that's a lot nicer and more sophisticated than one might expect in a grocery, even a distinctly "urban" one. There's a television that's often tuned into the Food Network to complete the mood.d) Expect a surprise or two, especially around the checkout lines. Live musical performances, free popcorn, prizes... it's not uncommon. There's almost always music playing that's far more lively than most grocers', whether you like it or not. Mid-day entertainment is part of the experience.e) There are sales, but the prices here are a little higher.f) The pharmacy is great. The regular pharmacist is fantastic and this area of the store seems to be underutilized (read: if your script gets called in, you might not have to wait to pick it up). You'll have to go almost all the way to the north wall to find her, but it's worth it.
<review# 1278,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/30/2011,2/22/2012,80,266,2,4,4>One drunken night at a pub in Maysville, KY, I wrote a list of all the places I want my ashes scattered after I die: Busch Stadium, in front of the columns at Mizzou, Isla Mujeres, Mexico, etc. You know--places that mean a great deal to you. Well, can I somehow add Billie's to the list? I mean, it's probably a health violation and all, but my Sunday mornings at Billie's are some of the happiest in my little life. A Big Breakfast or a meatloaf omelet, many cups of coffee, and the chitter-chatter of the staff and customers makes for the most pleasant of mornings. Life is good.
<review# 1279,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/19/2012,2/21/2012,23,252,2,4,4>With great tapas, good drinks, and reasonable prices I really enjoyed this place.The edamame hummus was phenomenal and had a unique taste that was really delicious.  The mushroom ragout was also very good and was interestingly served with the spicy tomato jam and balsamic.  The house maple smoked trout was excellent and the beer battered grouper was really great as well.The prices were reasonable and the drinks were solid with some good specials during the week.  The service was great and the atmosphere was cool with a nice full bar as well.
<review# 1280,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/3/2014,11/10/2014,12,169,3,9,6>Impossible. Just impossible! How does a restaurant open only two short weeks ago and manage to serve up 5-star service and food? Grapeseed wildly exceeded my expectations and gets a much deserved welcome to the neighborhood from me.We started with a drink at the bar with a very-friendly bartender. I had the Macklind Mule, which was refreshing with vodka, ginger beer, lime juice and grapefruit bitters, served in a copper mug. Very good!We moved to the dining room and decided to split a bottle of wine and a few small plates:The roasted butternut squash salad - with arugula, pumpkin seeds, queso fresco and buttermilk dressing, this salad hit everything that I've learned (by obsessively watching The Food Network) is supposed to be happening in a dish. It had the sweetness of squash, with the savory and salty pairing of the dressing and cheese, topped with texture in the pumpkin seeds.The spaghetti bolognaise with gremolata was so extremely flavorful, with perfectly cooked pasta. You wouldn't think a little gremolata would add that much to a dish, but it was a nice added zesty bite.Finally, the gnocchi! Can we just all agree that everything is better with butter? Ok, well this dish was the star of the show with gnocchi, brown butter, brussel sprouts, pecans and topped with parmesan shavings. So decadent and fantastic!I almost fell out of my chair when we split the bill in two and all of this, drinks and food, was only $33/each. Amazing value for what we received here.You better check this place out quick because, once it catches on, I don't think you'll be able to get near it.
<review# 1281,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/21/2014,11/9/2014,238,242,7,10,6>It's not often that I'll visit the same restaurant two nights in a row, but that's exactly what I did after recently discovered Spare No Rib. The 5 stars are specifically for the tacos, the avocado salsa and excellent service.I've sampled 6 different tacos ($3 each), but my three favorites so far are the fish, veggie, and cachete (braised beef cheeks).  They come traditional Mexican style with a base of two grilled corn tortillas per taco. I prefer the double layer as it helps hold the messy tacos together. The fish taco consists of a generous portion of battered and deep fried tilapia topped with pico de gallo and avocado-tomatillo salsa. I got my fingers a little dirty as I devoured this delicious creation, but I seriously think it was the best fish taco I've had in St. Louis. Another favorite was the veggie taco. With a combination of yellow squash, zucchini, onions, and mushrooms chopped into think pieces, it came topped with the avocado-tomatillo salsa also.  It's difficult to find a somewhat healthy taco alternative, but this was so good that I can't wait to go back and have more.  Possibly the best taco of all was the cachete taco.  The braised beef cheeks were juicy, tender and packed with flavor.  Topped with onions, cilantro and a red salsa it was simple and delicious.  In addition to the tacos, some of the other menu items I've tried includes the chips with salsas & guacamole, and the sopes.  Now days, the trendier taquerias around town charge you for chips & salsas and I have no problem with that.  For $3 at Spare No Rib, you get a basked of warm tortilla chips with 3 house made salsas.  Our 3 included a chipotle adobo tomato, a 3 pepper salsa made with roasted peppers, and a smoked veggie salsa.  The first two were very good, but the third had too much smoky flavor for my liking.  I suspect that the flavors rotate as new batches are made, so I can't wait to try more.  On another visit we tried the chips with guacamole for $7.  The price was a bit high considering the serving size of guacamole, but the chunky mix was fresh and flavorful.  The Sopes could have been 5 stars also, but the corn pancake-like base was too chewy making it a little difficult to eat.  We tried the pulled chicken sope for $3 and the chorizo & egg sope for $4.  I wouldn't hesitate to try one again though.  I've yet to try the ribs, but based on what I have sampled I can say that I'll be back to try more.  I should also mention the excellent service on both visits.  The owner came to introduce himself and went out of his way to make sure we were satisfied with everything.  Overall I've got to say that this is a 5 star place.  The tacos are among the best in St. Louis!
<review# 1282,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/12/2014,11/8/2014,29,78,6,12,7>If Heaven were a restaurant, it'd be the Shaved Duck. I LOVE this place and I'm really tempted to call it my favorite restaurant in all of St. Louis. This place is THE BOMB DOT COM (sorry cheesy statement I know, but I want to get your attention with how much I'm in love with this place).The Shaved Duck is located near the Tower Grove neighborhood in good ole STL. This area of Tower Grove is undeniably in a redevelopment phase...so I applaud Shaved Duck for helping with that effort by being located here. It's located on a quaint, unassuming corner, surrounded by a bunch of residences. There are no other businesses in this area for at least a couple blocks. The interior of the restaurant has a shabby chic / COZY / slightly country / STL proud atmosphere. I emphasize COZY because this is not a large restaurant. There are very few tables. A bar area is also located in the front of the restaurant, but that also gets crowded easily.TIP: Because this is such a small restaurant AND such a popular restaurant, you're always going to have to wait for a table (at least for dinner). Just accept it. It's worth it. Bring your favorite friends and grab a couple beers at the bar and just enjoy yourself while you wait in great anticipation of the awesome meal you're about to have.Let's discuss food now....I visited the Shaved Duck on a Saturday night with two girlfriends. Here's the breakdown of everything I tasted:SMOTHERED FRIES: We ordered this as an appetizer based off all of the Yelp review recommendations. It was delicious, but not the best "french fry style" appetizer I've ever had. The dish was a pile of slightly crisp french fries smothered with pulled rib meat and their house made cheese sauce. The fry to meat to cheese sauce ratio was perfect. We scraped that dish clean. We also dipped the fries in their "smokey boubon" BBQ sauce...it was mouth-watering.BEER MENU: They have a great, small selection of draft beers available...mostly local St. Louis brews. I ordered the Urban Chestnut Count Orlok...a dark pumpkin wheat ale. I give it two thumbs up!THE B.O.S.S. SANDWICH: Two soft brioche buns with smoked tri tip meat, covered with bacon swiss sauce, and topped with a crispy battered onion ring. It was so tasty and I only ate half of it! The tri tip meat was the star of the show though. You could taste the seasonings/flavor/smoke in the meat and it wasn't the least bit dry. I also dipped my sandwich in the "smokey boubon" BBQ sauce.RIBS: My friend ordered the ribs and generously let me try one of the ribs. I really enjoyed the house rub they used on the ribs and the fact that I could really decipher the taste of it. The ribs also had plenty of meat on them...few things suck more than ordering ribs that are 90% bone.CARAMELIZED ONIONS MASHED POTATOES: I ordered this as a side with my meal. I love mashed potatoes and adding caramelized onions flavor to them only makes me love them more!MAC & CHEESE: My friend ordered the Mac & Cheese as her side. They were prepared with the shell-type noodles and it absorbed the cheese sauce perfectly. The dish was also served with crispy bread crumbs on top. GOOEY BUTTER / BROWNIE DESSERT: After a huge meal, we thought dessert was out of the question...but when our waiter described this dessert to us, we couldn't say no. The brownie was a chewy brownie...my favorite. It also had a slightly dark chocolate taste...also my favorite. The gooey butter cake portion of the dessert was amazing as well! Because the gooey butter cake is...well gooey...it paired perfectly with the chewy brownie. OHHH and this dessert was served with a cup of milk. It was a dream!The service at Shaved Duck was awesome too! Despite working in a busy/crowded/packed environment, all of the servers were in great moods and gave each table the proper amount of attention.Ok review over...it's officially decided, the Shaved Duck is my favorite restaurant in all of St. Louis. I'll definitely be back.
<review# 1283,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/7/2014,11/7/2014,303,150,7,7,6>Whoohoo! This park is radically awesome!!!Dual saucer swings, check.  Climbing wall, check.  Fire truck, check.I can't keep checking things off but this beautiful University City green space is ahhhhmazing!  Bring your basketball and use the water fountain, because you're about to play up a storm the size of a sharknado.Oh, and the kids will love it here too.
<review# 1284,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/2/2014,11/6/2014,3,98,1,6,3>This is a wonderfully cozy, chilled-out spot. I came here for a weekday brunch and loved the interior. It's bright and sunny and colorfully decorated with hanging bunches of dried chili peppers, vintage posters, potted plants, bright blue booths and chairs, and an overall comfortably casual classic-diner feel. The staff were friendly and sweet. I ordered the medio egg combo over-easy and I chose to get the vegetable medley, hash brown potatoes, and whole grain toast. They serve amazing coffee - Kaldi's -  and my food was perfect. The large chunks of potatoes piping hot, crisp on the exterior, soft inside and lightly salted and seasoned, the veggie medley delicious - amazing! The eggs were cooked perfectly. Everything came out hot and well-made. I loved every bite and every minute there. I'd love to go there every day if I could. They're only open for breakfast and lunch though, so I won't get the chance very often. I love that they serve veggie options of sausage, too!Excellent coffee, excellent food, great service, wonderful atmosphere. LOVE!!
<review# 1285,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/24/2014,11/5/2014,134,153,1,7,6>Today was my first trip to Fuzzy's.  A friend picked it for our lunch spot.  All Taco's are $1.50 on Tuesdays.  There was a line the whole time we were at Fuzzy's.  Apparently drinks are a big draw, from some of the pictures I would like to try one or two of them. This location has Trivia on Thursday Nights.  I ordered the shredded chicken taco hard, and tempura fish taco soft.  I also got guacamole & chips.  My friend ordered two pork soft tacos and queso & chips.  I used the hot sauce on the table but it was really weird not having a salsa to add to the tacos.  The chicken taco was the better of my two.  I liked both the queso and guacamole.  The seasoning on the chips was yummy to me. When looking for a fast, ultra casual, fun meal I would consider Fuzzy's.  Plenty of parking, indoor and outdoor seating, TV's, and party room.
<review# 1286,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/27/2014,11/4/2014,224,225,5,6,6>If you want a true "When Harry Met Sally" experience when eating a gyro, then boy oh boy, this place is for you.I went ahead and tried this place because I keep passing it up when driving to my mom's house on Jeffco Blvd. This opened up after previously being a Quizno's. This place did not disappoint. The Gyro was very flavorful and was packed with a ton of gyro meat, lettuce, tomato, cheese and sauce. It was well worth the $6 with fresh hot fries. I had a wonderful conversation with the girl behind the counter and she gave me a free order of the tiramisu, which was also pretty tasty.This is a place I will definitely come back to in the future!
<review# 1287,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/7/2014,11/3/2014,75,288,4,11,7>Really great host: he really kept things flowing and kept everyone who was waiting informed.The space is so tiny!For breakfast I had the chorizo pot pie.. I can definitely see why they won best brunch. On the side, there was fresh blackberry jam, which was not too sweet, and really let the flavor of the blackberry speak for itself. I also ordered a chocolate banana muffin, which was smooth (not full of lumpy banana pieces), and had plenty of chocolate chunks. I also had a fresh fruit bowl: unlike many other places, the fresh fruit was actually fresh and diverse, not the same old boring banana, grape and strawberry pieces.We also had a ginger apple orange smoothie. Once again, it was fresh, natural, and did not taste like it was full of sugar. The ginger was pungent, and the orange and apple combo balanced it well.The great thing about this breakfast was that all the flavors shined through, and they didn't need sugar - the chef let the flavors in the food come through. This place reminds me of cafe osage, but LH is an even better choice since I left full!
<review# 1288,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/1/2014,11/2/2014,39,125,5,10,9>This is my 100th Yelp review and it might as well be a 5 star review as I enjoyed my dinner last night. I went to Sauce on the Side for my first time last night with my mom. This location has only been open a week. They did a nice remodel of the store. There are nice wood floors and the bar has a beautiful marble counter.Right by the entrance are paper menus rolled up nicely and ordering is done all at the counter (where there is another large menu on the wall behind the bar) and the food is brought to the table. Silverware is wrapped up in linen and stored in a container on the table. The restaurant seems to be staffed very well. Workers were diligently cleaning tables right after customers left as well as greeting people as they came and left. We shared all the food we ordered which was the duke calzone and the beet salad. Both were delicious. After we finished the main course, we split the banana and nutella calzone for dessert. Dessert was truly the highlight. I don't know if it's because I generally try to avoid desserts and haven't had sweets in a long time but this calzone was amazing. Highly recommend.Although we stayed with ice water for a beverage, there looks to be about 50 bottled beers available as wells as about 5 on tap. I have a feeling this place will do well with the Clayton lunch crowd. I am glad they opened a location in my hood.
<review# 1289,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/3/2014,11/1/2014,132,135,7,13,10>How did i never know this place existed!?!?!I went because Christine F. wanted to go one Thursday night after happy hour. I REALLY didn't want to go. For some reason I had in my head that it would not be funny. Um, yeah. I was wrong. Way wrong.A coworker in town from NYC, myself and Christina F headed there after a few drinks at Mission Taco. I was pretty reluctant to take a NYC person there, after all, she has seen an improv show or two in her day but she wanted to check it out so i agreed.The show was 5 bucks. Which is practicably nothing. There is a full bar, with drink specials although i can't recall what they were that night. We grabbed our drinks and claimed our seats. It was a pretty full house - so that was a good sign!THE. SHOW. WAS. AWESOME. There were three separate shows throughout the night and we ended up staying for all three. UNTIL MIDNIGHT, unheard of for me on a school night ! :) I still can't get over how funny and awesome the crew here is. WOW. My friend from NYC was equally impressed. She loved it. And could not stop commenting on how cheap it was, how cheap the bar was and generally how cool St. Louis seemed - in large part to Improv Shop!We went outside during intermission and found out that many of the people at the show were students taking improv classes. A very friendly bunch of folks that did not hesitate to start up a conversation with us.If you are looking for something to do with friends, or  want to impress a first date I beg you to check this place out. They do shows on Thursday, Friday and I think Monday too. I cannot wait to go back. I'm just kicking myself that I didn't try it out sooner!
<review# 1290,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/28/2013,11/21/2013,103,317,4,8,10>I cannot believe it took me this long to get my butt over to Collective. I had been eagerly anticipating their opening back late last year...but was out of town during the opening and just never got around to checking it out until last week.Like others have said, it's a retail co-op boutique with about 40+ St. Louis vendors. Some you'll immediately recognize like STL Style and Kakao and Ivy Hill...and some are more obscure...like Redposie who makes milk paint (paint that can be as thin or as thick as you want it to be) or Lori Coulter who makes made-to-order swimwear. Regardless of the vendor, everything is so carefully cultivated, and I hope it stays that way. For example, a not-so-quick browse of the rack from Women's Closet Exchange showed resale clothing from Kate Spade to Theory to Vera Wang...all priced under $100. There is something for everyone. And there are St. Louis vendors that I've never heard of who have some pretty neat stuff showcased. I think this could totally change the shopping scene...and chances are that they've already started to with events like the Luxury Garage Sale that they had today with brands like Chanel and Monica Lhuillier and Prada. How about warehouse sales too?! Please? I hear that they might be even opening up a second location later this year.The only downside is that they don't validate parking at the garage...and I really hate meter parking...I never know how long I'm going to be shopping.
<review# 1291,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/8/2013,11/20/2013,51,573,2,5,3>After a Member's Morning at the Art Museum, we continued our new tradition of hitting one of the local craft brewers.  This time it was Square One. Nice place!My general opinion is that you go to these breweries for beer and eat somewhere else.  Food is usually an afterthought and not worth wasting calorie intake on.  I might make an exception for Square One.  We were there for lunch and all ordered sandwiches.  The Philly Steak, the Reuben and the BBQ Pork were all acceptably good.  There is a lot more to the menu than that.  The beer was solid.  I liked the Scotch Ale and the Pale Ale even better.  Ms T never strays too far from the hop farm and since they don't have a double, had to settle for the regular IPA.  She rated it OK, but in need of more fragrant hops.We were able to eat in the courtyard and the weather made it perfect.  Do this if you can.  I just liked Square one, for its feel.  It's a nice place to have a beer and some food to go with it.  Recommended.
<review# 1292,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/3/2013,11/19/2013,64,81,3,3,6>Me and a buddy came here and ordered their special of: Full rack of ribs, any 3 sandwiches, and 4 sidesHere are the things that stood out:Pork Grinds were ordinary, nothing specialChips were ordinary, nothing specialeverything else was truly 5 stars amazing:beef brisket, wings, prime rib, and pork ribs, flat out excellent. Their 3 bbq sauces had unique flavor to em and the meats were just cooked to perfection. Absolutely hands down one of the best bbq places I've had. YOU gotta come here. in terms of comparison to the other bbq king in town, pappy's, I would say that pappy's has better sides, and Bogarts has better meat.
<review# 1293,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/30/2013,11/18/2013,86,245,2,10,7>Blueprint is the perfect coffee stop for coffee lovers.  But if you're a coffee addict, I'm not sure if you'll like it.  Be warned: if you're expecting a cozy, swanky joint that serves coffee with tons of sugary syrup, this may not be the place for you.  But, if you want a perfectly brewed french press, pour-over, cappuccino etc... you'll love it here. The interior is decorated in a contemporary manner - uber sleek, clean, modern.  The tables and chairs are built for getting a lot of work done.  There are a ton of college aged students and young entrepreneurs.I ordered a decaf cappuccino (I know silly of me considering I walked into a coffee shop - but I had already had waaaaay too much caffeine that morning).  The rancho bonito had a slight chocolatey, creamy undertone for me and was definitely the best decaf I have ever had.  I just wish it had a little more brightness.The baristas here are absolutely great!  Super friendly and insanely great coffee connoisseurs. I've heard the keep changing their beans (but am not sure how often).  The only thing I didn't like as much though was that their food selection was a little lacking.  All in all, Blueprint is now officially on my coffee rotation stops and I look forward to going back soon.
<review# 1294,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/8/2013,11/17/2013,238,242,3,6,5>I recently brought a very good friend of mine to The Shack for one of our gluttonous menu samplings.  I love it when we go out to eat because she works in the corporate office for a major restaurant franchise and it's important that we sample just about everything on the menu and write off the expense.I'll skip the basics and get right to the food.  I've listed everything starting with my favorite:Green Eggs & Ham Loaded Fries, $6.  Hands down, this was my favorite item on the menu and the reason I'll be back.  The key component is of course the fries, and they are made just the way I like them.  They are not too thin, but more of a natural cut with the skin on.  This version comes covered with creamed spinach, green onions, pork belly and a fried egg.  I highly recommend! Shack-Wich with Chicken, $8.  This is the menu item that lured us in.  Described as being ranked within the  "Top 15 sandwiches in St. Louis", I had high expectations.  This monster is served on sliced French bread and stuffed with meat of your choice, fries, coleslaw, tomatoes and provolone cheese.  I chose the blackened chicken and enjoyed the sandwich, but I wasn't "wowed" by it.  For some reason, the slaw was the negative component of the sandwich.  I would have preferred something like a chipotle mayo based slaw as opposed to the strong vinegar taste.  It's still a must try for foodies, but maybe a different meat would work better.  Fried Pickles, $7.  These are your basic breaded and deep fried pickles which come with a special "TK" dipping sauce.  I never figured out why it's called TK sauce, but it was good.    Carne Asada Loaded Fries, $7.  This one came loaded with steak, cheddar cheese sauce, sour cream, onion and cilantro.  It was good, but nowhere near as good as the green eggs and ham fries.  I found myself picking the fries out and leaving the toppings behind.O-Rings or onion rings for $8.  Thick cut and battered, these rings were greasy and good if you prefer the large chunks of onion, but nothing memorable in my book.Mexicali Burger, $6.  This burger came with green chilies, salsa and peperjack cheese.  It was okay, but I just didn't get a bold Mexicali flavor that I'd hoped for.  Cinnamon-sugar doughnut holes, $5.  As if all the food we tried wasn't enough, we couldn't pass on the doughnut holes with maple-bacon whip cream.  These little treats came out fresh and hot, but the bacon cream dip didn't stand out as anything special.  Loaded Chili fries, $6.  My least favorite of the fries that we tried came with chili, cheddar cheese sauce, sour cream and onions.  The chili had an odd flavor to it unlike any other chili I've had; it just missed the mark for me.  Overall, I enjoyed my visit to The Shack and would recommend it to others.  The creative twist to standard bar food makes this place stand out.  4 stars overall, but 5 stars for those Green Eggs & Ham Fries!
<review# 1295,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/22/2013,11/16/2013,111,674,4,6,5>Came here yesterday with the parents to do some shopping.  Needless to say, I am very impressed with the outlay of this outlet mall.  Very wide & spacious for walking.  They even have a kids place where kids can play.  Sooo much better than the Prestige outlet on 40 & Boone's Crossing.  No doggie poop bag stations anywhere that I saw.  The food court is left to be much desired.  No chains, just no name &/or local places.  None that I have ever heard of, but then again I haven't been to a lot of local no chain restaurants.  I got a burger & fries from a grill.  Both of them looked pathetic.  The fries were wilty & no strength.  Simply limpy fries.  The burger was hardly anything they posted a picture of on the menu.  Just a mere smidge of ground beef with seasonings.  The patty didn't fill the entirety of the buns.  I told them no butter & no lettuce.  There was lettuce but no tomato.  I took my "fat pill" intending that I would be fine after eating a greasy meal.  But, no.  I suffered badly (stomach pain, nausea & frequent trips to the bathroom).  But, I digress.  Yes, there are healthy options, but I wanted to cheat on my low-fat diet for once.  Never again.  If I were to come here again, I would eat lunch somewhere else & walk off the calories.  There are deals to be found at this outlet, but come early to beat the crowd & to find parking.  Otherwise, you are stuck in traffic either trying to come in or leaving.  There was an exit sign in the parking pointing in the direction to get out.
<review# 1296,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/1/2013,11/15/2013,457,314,8,10,8>Came here two days last week for lunch.  I ordered the same thing both days.  I know old narrow minded man.  I had The Muffaletta sandwich.  Yes both times.  Because it is as close to heaven on bun I have ever had.  The sandwich is made up of salami, mortadella, provolone, olive salad, and olive oil.  I swear when I finish I don't want to chew gum, brush my teeth or use mouthwash to take the great flavor away.  I hope to make it last as long as possible.  To make the second visit a little different I ordered a cup of spicy crawfish gumbo.  It was spicy but not over the top spicy.  It also had a smoky tobasco flavor.  Darn this place is good.
<review# 1297,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/24/2013,11/14/2013,80,266,2,4,2>Dutchtown has a new restaurant, and it is fantastic. I am SO not ashamed to say that our party of five ordered about half of the menu, and we all joined the clean plate club. Gumbo filled with andouille and shrimp, creamy red beans, crispy shrimp po'boys, and Cajun nachos with smoky pork were a few things we fully enjoyed. The owners are in the process of getting a liquor license, so dinner with be that much better with an ice cold Abita. If you don't eat here soon, I feel sorry for you. I will shed a tear for you as I eat your portion of gumbo, and then I will smile.And if you are too scared to head to the 'hood (or the corner across from the Feasting Fox and the "other" Ted Drewes, as food seekers are aware) I feel doubly sorry for you. I will eat your beignets too.
<review# 1298,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/2/2013,11/13/2013,146,55,,6,2>I was brought to Fleming's as a belated 21st birthday dinner, and oh what a tasty and classy way to welcome adulthood!Ambiance: 4/5Spacious, well lit, clean and comfortable but with an air of sophistication. It wasn't especially memorable however. Ask for a leather booth for a smaller group and more intimate feel. It was also too loud for my liking, at such a fancy place, and I had to strain to hear the conversation right across from me.Service: 5/5Fast, polite, good wine recs. The manager came to visit us. Also, I got a birthday card signed by all the staff and a little box of 4 truffles to take home. Awesome.Food: 4/5WARNING: Portions are TINY! I ordered the Petit Filet Mignon, while friends ordered the Newport and Porcini rub. Petit is no frills, just a teensy slice half the size of my palm on a giant white plate. For the price, geez atleast make it look appetizing- with a garnish or include some sides with it. BUTTTT The meat was juicy, tender, and the perfect amount of medium rare. When we tried each other's food, we decided that all of them tasted the same, except the Porcini had a bit of cheese on top.- On initial bite the lava cake was delicious served with ice cream and whipped cream, but with each bite the saltiness of the pistachios became almost overbearing at the end. I still did enjoy it, but I don't know if most people can handle that sort of salt in what should be a sweet dessert
<review# 1299,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/24/2013,11/12/2013,26,104,1,7,3>I just ate here tonight as part of their half-priced training dinners and I was ovrall very happy with my meal. First, the atmosphere in the restaurant is fantastic. It is has a casual but sophisticated feel, like you could go after work for a quick bite to eat or out for a nice date all at one time. I liked the choice in decor, from the walls to the napkins on the tables.Now, onto the food. For appetizers, we ordered the stuffed red bell peppers and the Spanish octopus. The bell peppers were OK. They were overpowered by the goat cheese, which I am not a fan of, but the presentation on the plate was really nice. The octopus was FANTASTIC. By far my favorite part of the meal. The presentation was very nice and the taste was delicious. I don't have much to compare it too since I had never eaten octopus before, but I will certainly order it again. Additionally, they bring out fresh bread drizzled with olive oil and topped with tomatoes and shredded Parmesan. The bread was similar to pizza crust and was fresh, soft, and delicious. I don't normally like bread that much at restaurants, but I found myself wanting more. For my meal, I ordered the vegetarian pizza. It is Neapolitan style, which is my favorite so I am a little biased and have to say it was pretty delicious. Their flavor combinations were not as adventurous as some other restaurants, but I was pleased with mine. It was topped with eggplant, mushrooms, and some sort of green lettuce they said was broccoli something or other. Additionally, because I am picky they accommodated my request and replaced the tomatoes with a very nice, thin tomato based sauce instead. My boyfriend ordered the skirt steak. It was served with kale and really skinny little potato french fries (I think the menu called them frittes?). Personally, I did not enjoy his steak that much. We both agreed it was slightly undercooked. I also thought it would have benefited from some additional seasonings, but I am a fan of bold spices. The kale was a little oily and the potatoes were good at first, but they served too many with the steak. We did not order dessert because my boyfriend also ate here last night and informed me he was very much unimpressed with the options. As for the service, our server was very nice and she brought out our food quickly. There are certainly a few kinks to work out and the  servers are still a little inexperienced, but nothing horrendous. Overall, I was very pleased with my dining experience and will definitely eat here again!
<review# 1300,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/30/2012,1/23/2013,527,814,6,18,12>I'm in the money, how lucky can I be. Who knew the boxes and bags of CD's stored in my basement would be worth $$. We've been cleaning, merging and purging so many things in our house. Selling possessions that are no longer prized. There are so many great consignment shops to sell household furnishings and clothes, but what do I do with all my old CD's?In the world of iTune's and having the majority of our music on our iPod's or iPhone's the need of a CD has diminished. Driving by FYE., I noticed in their window they buy used CD's. Hot damn, I thought I gotta give them a try. I took up a small percentage of my collection and was energetically greeted by an employee when I told them I had some used CD's to sell. After taking my personal information as a seller, the associate begun scanning the UPC bars on the back of my CD's. He neatly stacked them to two piles. The one to his right were ones they'd be interested in buying and to his left on the counter in front of me were the losers. As he picked up the next one to scan, in my mind I'd guess which pile it would end up. I surprised myself with how many I got wrong. I guess my taste in music has a good resale value. I was thrilled with the amount of cash they offered me. If I wanted a store credit the $ value went up $16, but I wanted cash. Cool, hard cash. I still have one small box and a gift bag full of CD's and I will be returning to FYE tomorrow.
<review# 1301,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/12/2012,1/22/2013,98,221,2,7,4>This place gets insanely busy, especially when the weather is nice.  I would recommend calling in advance and picking up your food because if you order at the location, it could take quite a while for them to get to your meal.Perfect for a weekend lunch or a "my fridge is so pathetically empty" and I need a quick bite to eat meal.Steak Thyme salad- huge portion, lots of meat and cheese (and plenty of greens)The Gracie- perfect when you're in a vegetarian mood. I could do without the spinach/artichoke spread and toss some feta and more veggies on, but it was quite goodBlack and Blue- delicious and meaty. excellent combination of melting blue cheese and steak.
<review# 1302,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/12/2012,1/21/2013,85,110,2,4,3>What can I say beyond 5 starts for one of my favorite micro-breweries in St. Louis. I remember when these guys opened and I met the owner/brewmasters at a special "first time" tasting at ITAP in Chesterfield and they had such a huge vision for their beer. Looking at the guys now they have definitely hit the bullseye.  Not only do they have a great bar now you can order some really yummy food and have one of their exceptional handcrafted beers. This is place that can advertise a "Bacon Porter" on Facebook at 5pm and the cask is gone in less than an hour. Bottom line: Go! Enjoy Beer!
<review# 1303,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/27/2012,1/19/2013,202,207,2,4,5>Pitaya has a really cute boutique feel with music and an openness that entices me into this store. All the sales ladies are gorgeous without the condescending attitude and are always available to help you out. I have found some really good finds even though my plain and simpleness doesn't quite match with their style. Prices are so-so but material is better than the other fashion chains (F21, Charlotte Russe). I also love how the mirrors in the fitting room make me look skinnier than I really am (haha!). I find the location of this place hard to spot (I literally pass it if I don't pay attention), and finding parking in the Loop is a pain in the booty.
<review# 1304,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/14/2012,1/18/2013,41,135,2,4,3>When I think of Saint Louis and its food scene, one of the first things that first comes to mind is Ted Drewes. When I have visited my in-laws in past summers or winter break we always made the trek out to Ted Drewes for concretes at least once. Now that I am a local I will need to find ways to limit my intake. The concretes are tasty, well mixed with the bits of the topping evenly dispersed throughout. Parking can be tough during the busy season but we have always managed to find a spot in their lot or across the street. We have fond memories of opening the liftgate/trunk and sitting in the back of the car and enjoying our dessert. In fact, we visited Ted Drewes for dessert for our fifth wedding anniversary - a testament to the fondness we have for their concretes and memories there.
<review# 1305,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/15/2012,1/17/2013,123,204,2,5,4>Hmmm....the claim is this is the BEST sushi in St. Louis.  Don't all sushi places claim that?  I can tell you that in my experience - the best sushi in the STL area comes from Granite City, IL - see my review on Osaka Sushi Cafe.  However, I am becoming more and more of a Cafe Mochi fan esp. when sushi dining within the actual city.I like Cafe Mochi when it comes to sushi option in STL.  I firmly believe Sekisui is highly overrated and overpriced - it is a chain after all.  Cafe Mochi popped up a few years back, and I have been there a whopping three times.  Sad panda.  The best bet is happy hour.  Best way to sample their menu and the various roll types they offer.  My all-time fave is the philly roll.  You just can't go wrong with the cream cheese/ salmon/scallion combo.  Their 'spicy' rolls are quite delicious as well - I am a fan of MOST of those minus octopus.  They also have some great vegetarian options as well that are equally scrumptious.  Last time I was there - I sampled one of their sake options (lemongrass + coconut).  Good stuff - I tell ya!At any rate - the service and everything associated with the establishment itself has been fine thus far.  Everyone is cordial.  The restaurant and restrooms are clean.  The space is a bit confined - esp. during happy hour, but they also have a decent sized seating area on the patio outside, which helps with the heavy happy hour volume.  I definitely recommend checking Cafe Mochi out and taking advantage of their super fantastic happy hour prices - Tues - Thursday 430 - 630pm!  Fun place to grab some tasty sushi for  $20 or less!
<review# 1306,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/24/2012,1/16/2013,142,89,2,7,2>Amazing drinks. Wonderful food. It's all really well put together.My friend, Chop, and I wandered over to the bartender and asked for an off-menu drink made with bourbon. Sure enough, amazingness showed up at our table 10 minutes later. Lovely drinks...just as Medianoche's drinks were equally good. They should be good, it's the same people from Medianoche!We had a waiter who wouldn't shut up. Maybe we should have chosen to eat here when we were less hungry than we were at the time? We wanted to EAT, not chat. One of my companions wasn't full when we left. The other three of us most certainly were.I had the 3-course dinner. The seafood dishes were wonderful and light. All the turf options were tasty, too! I got to try everything they had going on the menu that night, as my friends all ordered different things and we all shared!Beware: this place is EXPENSIVE! ...Once you pile 2 or 3 drinks onto the $38 three-course meal option. I still go there, though.
<review# 1307,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/1/2012,1/15/2013,75,425,2,5,5>This is a hard one to write. Our 7-year old had a great time and we weren't constantly pulling out the wallet to pay $2 here and $3 there for rides and such, but for everyone to go we shelled out $50. That seems very steep, especially since 2 of the adults didn't do anything at all. The pumpkin cannon was awesome! and the little show they put together for it was entertaining and enjoyed by young and old. We were very late in the season for apples so it was slim pickins for good ones, but we expected that. The only thing we ate was kettle corn and we got a coupon for it. It was yummy! and perfect for breaking up the apple nibbling along the way.
<review# 1308,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/13/2012,1/14/2013,109,351,2,4,3>Definitely one of my favorite malls in the area.  They have a little bit of everything and all of my favorite stores.Not a huge fan of the food court, since it's in the basement and doesn't have a great selection.  They make up for it though in nicer sit down places like BlackFinn and Cheesecake Factory.Love the institution of an unescorted minor policy - no more packs of teens running up and down the halls screaming profanities on weekend nights.  Excellent work on the part of mall security.
<review# 1309,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/14/2012,1/13/2013,139,268,2,3,5>This place easily replaces Houlihan's in Brentwood as my new go-to happy hour location in the central corridor. The martini menu was impressive and the adorable bartender rocked out my gin martini. It was perfection! My SO was super pleased with the draft collection too, lots of local brews.We ordered the chicken wings as an appetizer, they were only $5 and you get SO MUCH FOOD. Wow! The sauce was right on time:  a blend of barbeque and buffalo. Sweet, tangy and spicy.The nachos were okay, but not my thing. They came on fresh, home made yummy chips but were covered in a strange sloppy Joe beef mixture. Good food, just not my style. Don't get me wrong, I still ate them!At one point, someone in the kitchen jumped behind the bar and made my 2nd martini for me. It was almost green from olive brine, so I had to be "that girl" and send it back. They were super sweet about it and remedied the situation asap. I can't wait to go back and try the rest of the food!
<review# 1310,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/25/2009,3/30/2009,59,303,5,6,4>There's something about this place that I don't seem to "get." It's within walking distance from my house, the food and drink is pretty inexpensive (and quality), and the service is friendly.The food, for the price, is absolutely amazing. Both of my visits led me to hefty portions of quality, locally-found (at least that's what the server said) food. My first visit, I started off with the sweet potato salsa and tortilla chips. The salsa, while tasty, was in dire need of a kick.It's not a salsa if it doesn't have a kick. And it should, since they make this in-house. It might as well be called something else... "Sweet potato medly" comes to mind.I also ordered the Hot Salame sandwich (wonderfully carnivore!), which was salami-tastic, slightly spicy, and indulgent and made me want to drink more. Good things in my book. I sampled the veggie "boudin" burger, which was amazing, and should be the first thing you sample at this place. Because all good veggie burgers don't taste like veggie burgers; but don't necessarily have to taste like a beef burger, either. If all veggie burgers were pacifist monks, then the Bleeding Deacon's veggie burger is the new, big monk with an anger issue. For once, a veggie burger with a pair.For a bar straddling the line between campy and edgy, it can place a toe over and become a little pretentious. I'll be the first to admit that I'm not the coolest cat on the block, but I don't want to feel uncomfortable when I approach the bar, and get "the look" from regulars or the folks doing paperwork in the far corner of the bar (owners?). But I do, and it's a little unsettling, especially if said bar has an amazing beer selection. One of my friends was surprised to find Bodington's available, even though it was in a can.I made the mistake of ordering a "Pimm's Cup."According to the almighty Wikipedia, Pimm's is "a gin-based beverage that can be served both on ice or in cocktails. It has a dark tea colour with a reddish tint, and tastes subtly of spice and citrus fruit."Yeah, it tastes like fermented, citrusy, evil. Like a circus clown threw up and I paid to drink it. But I must note that the bartender warned me twice, and shook his head once the drink was brought to our table. That head shake said "man, what a sucker."But it was a conversation piece as well as a laugh. Speaking of conversation, I know what deters me from the place: the ridiculously loud speakers that blare music for the five or six customers. I tried to unplug one of the big speakers in the corner, only to be threatened with another Pimm's Cup by the bartender who eventually turned the music down.Like every neighborhood bar, this one has character. I guess it'll take a bit for me to get used to the joint, but I think I will. I'll definitely go back for the food and the drink.Well, most of the drinks.
<review# 1311,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/16/2008,3/29/2009,551,597,3,6,5>Be still my beating heart. this place would cost triple the price in NYC... The crepes are DELECTABLE! And SO reasonably priced!!!! I had a brie/roasted chicken(which i added)/and roasted cinnamon apples in a crepe with some sort of apple cider dipping sauce!!!! RIDICULOUS!!!!!! the atmosphere is FABULOUS, and the service was great! They even allowed our little pup fender to sit at the table with us... they also brought him fresh water in a bowl AND warm bacon!!!!!! Talk about awesome! We wanna go back and eat... NOW. But we are still stuffed!OH--- and i HAVE to try the dark hot chocolate next time.
<review# 1312,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/22/2009,3/28/2009,35,31,2,2,2>I don't know if they INVENTED breakfast, but wow, they at least redefine it. Food is amazing (and I was blown away at how fast it came out to us), their (own blend of) coffee is top notch, too, and the wait staff is always really friendly.  The place isn't too big, which gives it a good little café feel.I never pass up the chance to go to First Watch for breakfast.  You shouldn't, either.
<review# 1313,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/19/2009,3/27/2009,8,22,6,11,8>A few months back, I made it my mission to try every single restaurant on Cherokee Street. I failed miserably, mostly because I keep going back to Tower Taco.However, I need to keep reminding myself: Tower Taco is NOT a taqueria. If you're looking for an awesome torta or burrito, I would send you further down the street. That hardly impacts my opinion of them though, since they do a great plated meal. First, the rice. Holy crap I love the rice. Sometimes I just devour the rice and beans and leave most of my entree for leftovers. Not to detract from the entrees! At this point, I've been sticking to the seafood and the vegetarian selections (yes, there is a vegetarian section in the menu), but I've never had a complaint there. In fact, they make a great veggie fajita, and I usually don't like fajitas. On weekends I walk my dog by, and we desperately try to resist their amazing-smelling barbecued chicken. I've also been meaning to try their menudo and weekend-only ceviche.And a word to the wise: they recently got a full liquor license, and they have both beer and totally serviceable margaritas.
<review# 1314,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/12/2008,3/26/2009,8,16,,3,3>Nice little bar that has a pretty good menu, solid food all around. Delicious fried zucchinis, a fairly good NE clam chowder, and solid burgers. Why the fourth star? The soccer. This is quite an underrated place to watch Premier League soccer on Saturday and Sunday Mornings. furthermore, they show all the US soccer games. Case in point. In the winter time, the US played Mexico on the same night as Duke Vs. North Carolina (All non-sports fans can probably go to sleep).  Now, I'm not as Patriotic as I probably could or should be, but I LOVE US Soccer. This bar had a full house, just to watch the game. Everyone there that night was there to watch US Soccer. And USSC even had people handing out gifts and whatnot. So, if you are looking for good bar with some excellent food choices in Clayton, this is a good bet. If you are looking for a soccer bar to watch the US play. This should be your one and only choice.
<review# 1315,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/30/2008,3/25/2009,26,37,2,5,2>It's worth every minute of the 20+ minute wait for food here, but don't let that stop you!!! I've eaten a lot of BBQ in my life and Roper's is PERFECT!!! It was so good I visited twice in two days, having different items each time. First, the #7 half-rack of ribs was perfectly sauced, incredibly tender and the perfect pink all the way through and shows the amazing smoke technique they use. The potato salad isn't bad, too. The next day I had the #25 pulled pork sandwich. Rather than slather it in sauce and make the concept of a BBQ sandwich unusable (some places act like it's a Sloppy Joe), there's minimal sauce. And I mean minimal; the meat's the star. For flavor, they rely on a wonderful blend of savory spices. There's enough moisture to make the meat not sloppy, very tender and they don't skimp on the amount. Another bonus is they actually PULL the pork so the strands varied in length and the meat kept the moisture and tenderness needed for a sauceless sandwich. Check out ropersribs (dot com) for menu, etc. but I'd seriously call ahead and pick up your order rather than wait around/park in this area. The neighborhood isn't "desirable" but not deadly or anything. There's a semi-paved lot around the corner half a block away where everyone parks and it's clearly lighted from the road. No matter what, the food is worth the trip and the guy at the counter was incredibly pleasant and helpful.
<review# 1316,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/18/2009,3/24/2009,280,492,5,6,5>I went with my father for lunch service and we ordered the Lotowata burger and southern fried pork chops special.  It's been awhile since I had a burger this good, it just tasted so natural and juicy.  I think the burger here was comparable, if not better than Paradise Pup.  Also, the breading on the pork chops were done just right.  I wouldn't want to dare imagine the dinner portions.  I was already struggling with my lunch size portion.  I think after this meal, I simultaneously performed a mid section fat transplant and became a candidate for a carotid endarectomy.   I guess sometimes you have to step out of the city (Chicago in my case), to get some good ol' American country cookin'  If I make it back to this part of Illinois, this is the first place I would go back.
<review# 1317,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/16/2009,3/23/2009,56,812,1,3,2>St. Louis memories are flooding back tonight for a couple reasons. This restaurant is the scene of some of those memories. I concede I haven't been here since 2001, but I never had a bad meal here.  Great food, quick service, no complaints. Associate it with good times with friends and visiting family members. And judging by the other reviews, the oyster bar still rocks.
<review# 1318,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,2/26/2009,3/22/2009,11,32,1,7,6>This is an amendment to my review. I wrote this review the day after I dined here. A few days later I got a phone call from the owner of the restaurant. He saw my review on here, realized he had my phone number because I had made reservations, and called me to apologize for the service my party received and to let me know he was doing everything he could to correct the mistakes I had encountered at his restaurant. He said they appreciate honesty like this so they know how to make their service better. He offered me a free meal next time I came by. I was blown away by the fact he took the time to find my number, call me, and apologize. I think it shows that though this place doesn't get it right yet, they are fairly new and are really TRYING to get it right. So I will be giving this place another chance, because the owner is clearly trying to right the problems encountered at his restaurant.
<review# 1319,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/16/2008,3/20/2009,384,258,1,9,3>This is a real diamond in the rough.It looks a little bit rough from the outside, and you may wonder if you're in the right place, but head on it.  All sorts of people love this place...you'll see a good mix of folks here, college kids, families, suits, seniors etc...The inside is a little difficult to describe so you'll have to see it for yourself.  Sometimes they have a guy playing acoustic as well.The menu is small, but their list of daily specials is EXTENSIVE so just wait til you hear them before deciding on anything.The cook is very creative and comes up w/ new stuff all the time.  The bartender really knows her stuff as well.  Plan on taking a lot home as well...large portions.Watch out for the blasters though....you like them or you hate them.This wins a lot for "Best Kept Secret" in the RFT.
<review# 1320,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/7/2011,3/31/2012,68,351,14,12,7>My day started awfully after waking up to some shocking revelations I'd only seen in chick flicks or one of those fake reality shows about really tan and loud italian people partying next to some shore all the time.It was snowing for the first time this winter, and also really fuckin cold outside that I thought about canceling my appointment to stay inside and stuff myself with with double chocolate cheesecakes until my neurotransmitters start firing some intense serotonin.Anyway, I decided to go to my appointment anyway because I'm a conscientious person.  And I wanted to give my presentation that afternoon feeling less like a beast with my almost out-of-control looking hair (I hadn't gotten a cut since the following incident- yelp.com/biz/d-zine-hair…).Jason was already waiting for me as I walked in.  Next is a summary of my experience:1. Jason offers to take my coat while my face finally begins to defrost after the long ass walk to the salon.2. I sit down in the chair, mutter something unintelligible to him through my semi-frozen lips about what I want with my cut, show him some pictures of hot asian girls on my phone.3. Jason washes my hair.  It feels good.  Then he starts messaging my head with the conditioner.  Dude really knows how to apply pressure and use his fingers.  I don't want to say no more.4. Back to the chair, he starts cutting in silence.  I mope in silence about the aforementioned chick drama.  Look at my reflection in the mirror from time to time until my vision gets blurry from staring.  Mope some more.5. Some time later, he puts in a bit of hair products, blow drying starts, wind from the blow dryer feels warm, sped my defrosting.6. Blah blah blah, done.7. Look in the mirror, amazed by my haircut and hot chick in the mirror. I mutter something else unintelligible to Jason while grinning like an idiot.  He understands what I was trying to say.8. I thank the man, get my coat, pay and receive a 15% discount with student ID.9. Go on my merry little trip back home, feeling hotter (it also stopped snowing) and feeling better.Jason reminds me of an asian metrosexual version of Edward Scissorhands.
<review# 1321,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/12/2011,3/30/2012,275,429,4,6,6>I really like Garden Heights.  They have a nice, healthy selection of beautiful plants and a good variety of vegetables, all sorts of pots, containers and trellises, seeds, gloves, garden essentials (potting mix, fertilizers, tools, etc.)--pretty much everything you'd expect from a nice nursery, including small shrubs and trees (although I've never visited that section of the nursery). The staff is friendly, knowledgeable and helpful and all connected by handy little walkie-talkie things so they can efficiently answer your inquiries about whether they have any of such-and-such plants left.My only issue with the place has to do with layout and this is probably more just a personality thing than anything else.  Garden Heights has a huge inventory in a small space and they beautifully arrange their plants and wares throughout it.  I find this slightly overwhelming.  They have sections clearly marked for shade plants, veggies, succulents, tropicals and such, but with so much to look at in each section, sometimes it just seems overstimulating and I'm sure I'm missing things--maybe even that perfect plant for my garden!--so I spend way more time in this nursery than most others because it takes me multiple meandering trips to pick out what all I want.  Perhaps that's an ingenious tool designed to sell more plants.  It's probably working because every time I leave Garden Heights, I wonder if I'll have to drive with a flat of flowers on my lap, since I always buy more than my car can comfortably fit.Nicely played, Garden Heights. :)(P.S. Hit up Mr. Wizard's after Garden Heights.  You'll work off all that frozen custard while planting everything you just bought!)
<review# 1322,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/3/2011,3/29/2012,111,674,3,5,5>My bf & I spent a delish Friday afternoon here since he had a Groupon.  It was worth it!  They had Johnathan, Golden Delicious & Red Delicious apples.  WARNING:  DON'T LET YOUR S.O. OR YOURSELF EAT TOOOO MANY APPLES WHILE PICKING!  Pace yourself or you can get a bad tummy ache.  The apples here went for about nearly $2.00 a pound, which isn't much cheaper than the grocery stores.  But, the experience was worth it!  They have pig races, a petting zoo & other stuff.  They have a pumpkin cannon, where they shoot pumpkins out of a cannon.  Sooo cool!  My bf & I got to try succotash (grilled chicken, potatoes, okra, corn & bell peppers), & it was sooo freaking good!  Come here on a Friday afternoon to avoid the horde on the weekends.
<review# 1323,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/3/2012,3/28/2012,136,283,3,5,6>The City Museum is just a unique, awesome place. It's the kind of place that makes you think "the world is good." It's the kind of place that exists solely for fun, enjoyment, and new experiences.The City Museum isn't just a place to look at--it is meant to be experienced and explored. The seven story slide, the enchanted caves, the World Aquarium... the list goes on. When you're climbing up and through the salvaged airplane outside or wondering if you can possibly fit through the tiny crawlspaces, you can't help but having so much fun. It's one of the most unique experiences you can have, and words or photographs can't quite depict the experience of just taking the place in. So gather up $12, go, and do.
<review# 1324,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/21/2011,3/27/2012,42,64,4,11,6>I'm surprised at how many Mexican restaurants there are around for an area with such a small Hispanic population (in comparison to Southern California where I'm from). So far, they have all been pretty good, but I have to say that La Casa definitely takes the cake.We ventured in for dinner the other night and my eyes immediately darted to the sign that said ".99 cent 10oz margaritas". Sign me up!! I even asked the waiter just to make sure I wasn't seeing things. He confirmed that they are indeed 99 cents and asked if I wanted one. I happily said, "POR FAVOR!"They weren't too busy and we were seated and received our drinks promptly. Their menu is big, but not overwhelming. I decided to forego the usual combo and go for something completely different for dinner. That's when I spotted the photo of the mocajete. The picture of it alone was so delicious that I wanted to eat the menu! We placed our order with the waiter (who spoke English just fine, btw) and waited for the deliciousness to come. While we waited I noticed all the decorative details in the restaurant. The interior is very colorful and was clearly put together with quite a bit of thought put into the design. Kudos for that!Finally, we spotted our food coming. I was salivating at the mere sight of it. The waiter laid my mocajete down on the table and they did not skimp on presentation nor portions. It was prepared in a stone bowl (that's where the word "mocajete" comes from) and was simmering with chicken, beef, shrimp and a medley of vegetables. The aroma was amazing!! It was accompanied by a plate of rice, beans and all the fixins. I took a bite and knew I had made a GREAT choice. It was delicious! The meat was tender and the veges added a nice layer of texture. The sauce itself was very flavorful and had a bit of a bite to it. What a great experience!! Two thumbs up for this place!On a side note, I saw someone made a comment about their waiter needing to learn English. Playing Devil's advocate here, how do you know he's not? He was probably trying his best to help you. Just sayin'...it was a pretty ignorant thing to say. There are millions of people in this country who speak English as a second language. Culture is good for you. :)
<review# 1325,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/24/2011,3/26/2012,22,89,,4,4>I took my husband here for his birthday. The place itself has a rustic and romantic atmosphere - I love the interior's exposed brick and ceiling, the brightly lit rooftop patio (although the view is disappointing), the simple elegance of it all. So plus points already for ambiance.The food is pretty amazing. I got the three-course flight for $29 which is a decent price for what you get. I got the oysters on half shell (with a great sauce), three onion soup (delectably cheesy), and a grilled chicken with quinoa mixed with vegetables on balsamic reduction. The chicken had a grilled taste from surface to core, unlike anything I've ever tasted. The balsamic reduction on the quinoa was very, very tasty - I had to ask the waiter exactly what was done so I could replicate it at home! He gladly told me how, but also said I could just go to Vin de Set anytime :) Husband also got the three onion soup and the ahi tuna (rare), which he liked.Because it was his birthday, we were treated to beignets with three different dipping sauces - caramel, chocolate and raspberry. Delicious!Fantastic service. The waiter was very friendly and knowledgeable. My only warning is that if you don't make up your mind on the menu quickly, the wait staff won't return to your table until called, at least from our experience!
<review# 1326,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/2/2011,3/25/2012,123,204,,6,9>I am madly in love with 2720....so much that my wife and I are holding our "wedding" reception there in a matter of months.  My first 2720 experience was at the Beggar's Carnivale.  I love the ambiance and the vibe I get from the place.  It's dive-y but hip....cool but not trendy.  All of the 'weird' elements give 2720 its magic - the decor, the architecture, etc.  The upstairs where the Art Dimensions and other art groups house often hold their events is absolutely stunning.  After looking at other venues, we decided on 2720 as soon as Josh introduced us to the upstairs room.  They bring in some crazy cool artists and musicians - not your average everyday top of the pops stuff, which is a huge point winner in my book.Let's talk about Josh, who runs the show.  Josh is a breath of fresh air when it comes to being real and doing things to better the Cherokee area as well as spread his love for the art and music community.  He and his crew continue to make improvements to 2720.  They put their heart and soul into giving 2720 its mojo.  He has been so amazingly helpful and easy to work with as far as meeting our requests and so forth.  He goes above and beyond and is just a super cool human being.  We are absolutely stoked about having our reception there.
<review# 1327,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/10/2011,3/24/2012,11,137,,4,2>My guy decided this was the place to take me for my birthday and of course, I'll never complain about Morton's. They made sure to acknowledge my birthday and had Happy Birthday, Jacqui (spelled correctly) as the menu header. We ordered a ton of food, so I have a lot to Yelp about :) While we had a little bread they stopped by with a camera and put the picture it in a cute little card along with a few signatures. For appetizers, we ordered the smoked salmon and tuna tar tare. Both were delicious and I would recommend them to anyone. My guy only likes salmon prepared smoked, so this was a must. I also ordered their version of the wedge salad and OMG! It was enormous! Easily can be shared to 2 or 3 people. I ordered the bone-in fillet Mignon for my entree and it was absolutely divine. Tender does not do it justice. I requested the bone be cut from the fillet prior to serving it, so I still enjoyed all the flavor. I prefer medium rare plus and that's exactly what I got. For a side, we ordered the sauteed spinach and mushrooms to share. It was very good and perfectly prepared. My guy ordered a salad, but I cannot remember which one. He had no complaints. For his entree, the porter house and it was quite the cut of beef. Huge! Delicious! Again, no complaints. Dessert was my favorite, creme brulee, and I was not disappointed. I passed on the singing since there was another birthday celebrator 2 tables away. I know the other patrons did not come to hear a bunch a singing :) Definitely a perfect place to go for a special occasion!
<review# 1328,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/29/2011,3/23/2012,62,101,,7,6>Loufest was awesome this year. A great lineup mixed with an awesome setting. It was so great to not have to travel for a sweet music fest.Where were the people though? As a three year veteran of Pitchfork Music Fest I was left wondering where everyone was. Not that I am complaining, but some of the bands that were at Pitchfork, which was sold out, were at Loufest. I feel bad for them. I feel like they played for a underwhelmed and scarce crowd. Deerhunter and !!! most definitely stole the show on Saturday and Sunday, respectively. As far as festivals go the amenities were great. I have never seen s free water fill station. That was awesome. Booze was expensive though. It was great to see some local food trucks out and about, but their prices were expensive too. This is in direct comparison with Pitchfork which had cheaper food and drink. The bike check in was awesome but I got a flat tire right outside the venue which made getting home Saturday kind of shitty.Can't wait for next year! Hopefully STL steps its game up and attends great festivals like this so I don't have to go to Chicago or Austin...
<review# 1329,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/23/2011,3/22/2012,48,157,2,4,3>Oh. My. Gawd!!! Bridge is officially my new most favorite place in St. Louis. We were looking for a place that still served (good) food at 10pm on a Wednesday, which is not an easy task mind you, when I came across Bridge on Yelp. All the reviews sounded promising, so off we went. I am already excited to spend some snowy winter nights here... the atmosphere is super warm and inviting, and the small details in the place really make the overall experience. We were seated in the upstairs "hallway", and after a bit the boy noticed that the pictures on the wall were closeups of violins. The more we looked around, the more violin details we noticed, including the logo of the bird playing a violin. And the banister with four wire "strings". And the bar shaped like a violin bridge... ooooh! ok, now I get it!The menu here is nothing short of daunting. There are more bottled beers than I could ever know what to do with. The tap beers come in four sizes, so you can get a sample before committing to a full glass (which is very useful when you're not overly adventurous when it comes to beer). The wine list is also pretty extensive, and I plan to hit that up next trip. We both opted to get sandwiches, though I was tempted by just about everything on the menu (just another excuse to come back, oh I dunno, every week). I had the toasted cheese and he had the smokey strip club which were both awesome. They came with homemade chips, which were dusted in some sort of seasoning and sooo good. Literally cannot wait to get back here.
<review# 1330,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/21/2013,5/4/2013,44,83,,6,4>Three Kings is a pretty good place for a nice but casual meal on the Loop.When I went with some friends on a Monday night, we used a Yelp check-in offer to get half off an appetizer. We tried the chorizo nachos, which were good if not amazing. They have a great beer selection here, especially if you're a hop-lover.For my meal I ordered the turkey club with a side salad. The side salad was quite large for a "side," and contained all spring-mix lettuce - no iceberg here! The turkey club itself was tasty. I appreciated how much avocado came on the sandwich, and how fresh it was. My friend tried the house-smoked ribs for her dinner and said they were excellent, the meat literally falling off the bone. Our server was very friendly and helpful all night.There wasn't anything particularly amazing about Three Kings, but if you're looking for above-average bar food on the Loop, this is the place to go.
<review# 1331,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/24/2013,5/3/2013,51,70,3,5,5>Luvy Duvy's is not the first cafe that comes to mind when people think about brunch in Benton Park.  It's usually that famous one a couple blocks down Arsenal.  Try Luvy Duvy's once though, and you might begin to think differently.  It's cozy, relaxing, delicious, inexpensive, and it's run by an incredibly welcoming staff that makes first timers feel like regulars (they may even call you "kiddo").  Although the dish was the special the day of my visit, their eggs benedict is the best in the city.  I posted a pic if you want to feel ashamed of what you ate for breakfast today.  It wasn't gourmet with avocado or kale or anything like that, it was just a perfectly concocted homestyle masterpiece of thick ham, gooey eggs, and magical hollandaise sauce.  It's served on their homemade biscuits instead of that garbage bread that it's served on everywhere else.  I'm actually afraid that this experience may ruin all other eggs benedict meals going forward.  After we ate,  I think we said "THAT WAS SO GOOD" about 8 times, as if we couldn't even believe the deliciousness produced by this little corner cafe.  If eggs benedict isn't an option, go for the biscuits and gravy.  Oh, and order bacon.  I think their pork comes from some special purebred pig farm that only they have access to, but I have no proof of this.
<review# 1332,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/28/2013,5/2/2013,17,95,3,5,7>Just do it.I've only recently dipped my toes into Korean food, but went to a widely popular spot in Chicago last month (where the staff was anything but pleased to see guests) and AKKC measures-up.  Always a good sign when you are the only honkies in an ethnic restaurant and last night was very much the case.  Staff very friendly and accommodating and willing to explain.  Food was fresh and plentiful for the price.  The beef Bulgogi was excellently seasoned and well-textured.If you have not been, this strip of Olive off 170 is (lightly) the "Chinatown District" of STL.  Don't expect the stretch to be filled with character and frills, but you will find a variety of options/small markets in a row.They do offer drinks - we got a small bottle of Soju (liquor) and large bottle of "Hite" beer which was perfect for the three of us.  Had a great time, will be back again sometime.
<review# 1333,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/7/2013,5/1/2013,109,351,5,11,6>I switched to Wall 2 Wall cleaning when I needed someone with a more flexible schedule.  They have certainly delivered, working with me to find a day and time that meets my needs, not giving me a hard time when I had to suspend service due to other problems with my house.  You'll get an email reminder the business day before the service is planned and they're very quick to respond to emails.  Extremely reasonable pricing, a nice checklist left with everything they've done during that visit, and the opportunity to provide feedback.  If there is anything you want done differently, that is noted and corrected promptly.Best part, they don't charge for an expensive deep clean the first time they just break it up over the course of their first few visits.They also take credit cards and you can set up auto billing, which is a huge bonus to me.
<review# 1334,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/20/2013,4/30/2013,185,117,2,7,4>I literally just had the best breakfast ever today!!!  Totally brought me back to my childhood, where my Grammy made my breakfast every morning...yes, I'm comparing them to my Dear Grammy's home cooking...it was that good!I had the Carne Adovada, spicy, flavorful, tender chunks of pork shoulder, sides of scrambled egg whites, the most amazing home fries, warm flour tortillas to mop up all the goodness and a special menu item of the grits on fire!  Super hearty portions...I didn't even finish half of my meal and I was totally stuffed!The staff is AWESOME!  Very nice, friendly and attentive.  Doesn't matter who your assigned server is, if another server is walking by with a pitcher of water to fill his/her customers glass, if they notice you need a fill up as well...you'll get a refill!This place truly ROCKS!
<review# 1335,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/25/2012,4/29/2013,162,304,5,11,11>Went back for a second time, after the bf kept hassling me to go. Every day since the first time he'd be like "wanna go to the Kitchen Sink?" until I finally agreed. Of course I wanted to go, but we're trying to be healthy and not eat out too much! But on our second time, I went for the breakfast burger which I'd had my eye on since the first time, and he chose the sandwich with the dip... both were amazing. My breakfast burger was ridonk. It was HUGE and I couldn't fit in my mouth (yes, I know). It was massively delicious though, and Joe had no problem helping me out. I could only eat about half before I relinquished the rest to him.There was also a hash brown patty in there!He loved his sandwich, although I'm not a fan of sliced beefy sandwiches in general so I didn't like it as much. The owner was also sweet enough to drop off some hush puppies for us that were super yummy. And for someone who doesn't care much for fries, these were especially good... just perfectly crispy and flavorful.This place is killing my diet but I still highly recommend!
<review# 1336,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/2/2012,4/28/2013,202,207,3,15,8>When you're a Filipino American transplanted from CA, good authentic food is really hard to come by in the Midwest. I came here tonight not really knowing what to expect, but I recognized the owner immediately from Cafe Manila (from Kirkwood farmer's market). The restaurant smelt heavenly. It's quite small and dimly lit, and you can see the workers actually cook over the counter. The menu is pretty limited, but I believe it covered an overview of some of the more popular Filipino dishes. I would rate the food a 3.5-4. Although nothing tastes better than home cooked food, it's the convenience and the location that is a thumbs up from me. And now onto the food...Lumpia Manila - 4/5. The Filipino version of eggrolls, more commonly with pork and vegetables. The lumpia is bite size and they give you a spicy banana ketchup to dip them in, definitely a must-order appetizer. Pancit bihon - 5/5. A rice noodle dish cooked with chicken and vegetables. Squeeze some lemon on it and you'll never want to share! Tinolong Manok 4/5. A ginger based chicken soup. I LOVE this on a cold fall day, it truly hit the spot!Adobong Pucit - 2/5. Squid adobo.This dish was probably the only one I wasn't impressed with. Perhaps it's just made differently than what I'm used to (I'm from Cebu, a different part of the Philippines). But it seemed like the squid was just kind of thrown into the sauce and wasn't "simmered" in it instead. Also the adobo base didn't scream adobo to me either... if that made any sense. I like mine with a little more bay leaves and vinegar flavor. Halo halo 4/5 - A popular Filipino dessert that has shaved ice, condensed milk, mango ice cream (some put purple ice cream aka Ube), mung bean, jack fruit, and vanilla shavings. Loved it, of course! :)Overall, a good experience. All the workers were welcoming, and it felt like I walked into my uncle's house for a family reunion.
<review# 1337,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/13/2013,4/27/2013,172,294,7,8,7>I've never done review updates, but I went back here last thursday because I heard Mila sweets was giving out free macaron samples. I decided my friends and I needed to come back again. Anyway, by the time I got back, the  macaron samples were gone, but they were selling them in cute little boxes all in a row. There were pink ones and green ones and it was really wonderful. I got to talk to the owner for a bit and she's the sweetest person! We talked about how she has these nifty industrial whisks as lamp shades and the pies she was making. My friends and I shared a bacon cookie and a salted caramel cupcake. I am completely 100% in love with the frosting on the cupcake. It was SOOOO good!  (hence i bumped my review up a star!!)So this place sells amazing cupcakes, delicious cookies, great tea, and macarons! WIN!
<review# 1338,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/27/2013,4/26/2013,156,339,4,16,4>First impression:Tucano's is friendly, boisterous, and loud. Or at least it was on the eve of its launch party, which I was lucky to attend (disclaimer: I ate for free). The expertly run, expertly marketed opening night demonstrated that Tucano's will be a space to watch for those in the St. Charles area, casino-goers, or those in the larger St. Louis metro area who really dig red meat.As with many Brazilian steakhouses, its most overwhelming characteristic is its size -- this place is big. Lots of tables, huge bar, and a triple salad bar (excuse me, "salad festival") off to the side. I imagine you'll find a seat here without too much trouble, although without knowing the area all too well I can't say for sure. Once you get past the obvious, though, the smaller components also impress: the friendly and rehearsed wait staff, the comfortable ambiance, the great value. But we'll get to that later.Let's talk first about the food: Tucano's is very solid in this department. The aforementioned salad festival suggests one could make a pleasant dinner out of this alone. Various kinds of salads, pasta salads, side dishes, fried plantains, and soups are guaranteed (and most likely expected) to fill you up. The Brazilian lemonade is a must-try, even if I hate to know about the sugar content. The main draw, of course, is the meat, brought along by friendly fellows in matador-like outfits (all overseen by an ever-watching mob boss). These guys are good -- rumor has it they spent a long training session upstairs with oranges instead of meat.Favorites at the table here were delicious, kielbasa-like sausage; chicken in what tasted like a honey glaze; and the prime rib (or a similar meat -- it's all blurring together at this point). But everything was good, warm, and filling at first glance.The last reason I might recommend an early visit to Tucano's is an important one -- the price. $21 gets you access to most everything in the restaurant (i.e., the salad and the meat cowboys). If you've been to a Brazilian steakhouse before, you're wise to the fact that these meals often sit above $40 a head. Add-ons exist, like a $20 lobster tail, but this reviewer thinks you're good with just the basic package before getting fancy.Bottom line: Feel free to try out Tucano's if you happen to be in the area or are in the mood for an all-you-can-eat. My first impression, as choreographed as it was, suggests it is definitely worth a visit.(Author's note: I write "first impression" articles when a location has recently opened or I feel not enough information is available to write a true review. They aim to capture the feel and vibe of a place without much more.)
<review# 1339,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/13/2013,4/25/2013,46,275,1,7,3>After Mardi Gras, I woke up craving some serious sugary hangover food.  I couldn't think of a better place to try than Melt.  It is in a cute area of the south side.  I was always told to stay off the state streets, but it didn't feel sketch on the way there.  Once you arrive, there is a variety of restaurants and bars all within walking distance of one another.  You walk in and notice it is very hippy/trendy.  They have some classic pinball machines (watch your step when walking in, as they are on a riser, and I about tripped because I wasn't paying attention), caulk written menu's, and some funky furniture.The girl behind the counter was friendly and fun.  I ordered the Sweet Dee, which is a waffle covered in peanut butter, whipped cream, and chocolate.  Just what the doctor ordered for my mood!  It was amazing.  I also got some hot chocolate, which was fantastic!  My gf got the Wake n' Bake.  It involved eggs, bacon, and a waffle.  It was very interesting.  They actually put bacon into the waffle batter, so it was grilled in.  It was weird, but tasted awesome!The prices here are reasonable too, and I foresee myself coming back many times, especially when I feel like I need to coat my stomach with waffle goodness!
<review# 1340,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/12/2013,1/10/2014,54,226,5,8,7>Favorite brewery in STL.  (Emphasis on the period.)From the oatmeal brown to the centennial red to the Rye IPA I wish most of their beers came out of my faucet. Their location is fantastic, their bar is awesome, and I know it's not important, but their swag and logo is sweet.They've got some other great seasonal beers and they have some guest appearances from other breweries there too, but the real love is in their own brews and the ones I listed above.I've had a couple of the munchies there and they are just ok, but really if you're going here because you are hungry you are at the wrong establishment.Go there, get a pint, get a growler, get a t shirt, and most importantly bring a friend and spread the word about the top notch brewer in STL.
<review# 1341,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/8/2013,1/9/2014,69,433,2,9,8>Being huge fans of the Gianino group of restaurants (Frankie G's, Joey B's) we were quite excited to find out about this new restaurant opened by the family.Located right off the highway in Imperial, its at a great location that is sure to bring the crowds.  It is huge!  The dining area has options for tables and booths - be sure to get a booth to catch the latest game on the private tv that is there for your viewing.  The menu is vastly similar to the two I mentioned above but they have a few items that are their own.  We started out with the pretzel appetizer and moved on to the cardinal chicken sandwich and the spinach chicken sandwich, both with fries.  We were not disappointed!The staff is super nice.  Yes the girls are wearing short shorts but unless you are someone totally bothered by it you won't notice.Be sure to moseye around the establishment.  They have a game area in the back with shuffleboard, and others with many tvs on the walls.  The bar is huge and there's bound to be something catching your eye there.
<review# 1342,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/16/2013,1/8/2014,60,293,3,6,5>Recently dropped in for dinner and was treated to some Macaroni and Cheese bliss.  We had heard about Cheese-ology a while back and had been wanting to go for a while, but life happens.They have about a half a dozen different kinds of Macaroni and Cheese, since I love all things related to wings, I went with the buffalo chicken macaroni and cheese.  They come in two sizes, don't be decieved by your eyes, the small is likely the right size to go with.  I ordered the large and took about half of it home with me.  My mac and cheese was delivered and I was anxious to dive in, but they arrive in cast iron pans and just came out of the over so they are HOT.  Let them cool for a minute before diving in.  After patiently waiting I was finally rewarded with a unique flavor.  The distinct flavor of buffalo sauce and blue cheese mixed in with the cheesey goodness of mac and cheese.  I honestly didn't know how it would turn out, but it worked really well and I enjoyed every bit of it, both at dinner and the next day for lunch.  If I have a craving for some mac and cheese, I know where we will be headed.
<review# 1343,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/3/2013,1/7/2014,139,268,,11,7>I've been patiently waiting for Katie's to open!I loved the ambiance: very modern, chic & rustic. Fresh roses dotted the bar & the stools were a wide variety of styles. Basically, it was exactly how I decorate at home, a mix of vintage & modern.Service was good. The bartender introduced himself & attempted to initiate a conversation. I want feeling so hot, so I left him hanging a bit. In the end, we did have a nice chat about beers (my favorite subject).Food was delicious. My fried artichoke salad came out of the kitchen quickly, with hot artichokes & fresh, cold greens. It also had some goat cheese, asparagus & pistachios.  I really, really enjoyed it BUT wish that there were a tad more greens. Sorry, ya'll but for my money I want a big ass salad. Maybe it's just the fatty in me. I think next time I will definitely split a salad and a pizza with a companion. I am really looking forward to returning, the area was so in need of a locally owned, quality drinking & dining establishment. Yay! Thanks for everything.
<review# 1344,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/27/2013,1/6/2014,317,728,14,23,15>Lots of pre-packaged goodies in baskets on tables. Grab what you want and check out. Most of the packages were in the $3-$5 range.Bacon brittle was especially enticing, and Kakao lip balm was interesting.At the case near check-out, you can get confections by the piece. There were lots of offerings everywhere.I got:dark chocolate with toasted Missouri pecans (a $3 package)extra dark chocolate with sea salt (a $3 package)4 dark chocolate sea salt caramels from the display case at check-outThis was $12 and change.Unfortunately, at check-out, there are samples. Incredibly ridiculously sized huge samples. Color me pig.I "sampled" a huge chunk of bacon brittle, which was very good.But this other thing -- and I don't know what it was -- was chocolate-covered ganache or something else heavenly. I took one piece.And stepped away. Waaaay far away. And savored the flavors. Maple. Sea salt. I don't know. But it was divine!Others in our foursome were still in line to purchase their sweets.And I went back and got another piece of that wonderfulness. It was lunch. Wrapped in diabetes.As far as my purchases:The pecans were clearly toasted. The nut flavor was incredibly rich and quite fresh. And with dark chocolate, it was superb.The extra dark chocolate was my least favorite, probably because there was not so much sea salt.The dark chocolate sea salt caramels I cut in half to make them last longer. They were drool-worthy.Now everything is gone. I want more!
<review# 1345,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/28/2013,1/5/2014,34,160,3,9,5>What an awesome find (Thanks Yelpers)! I came here to buy puzzles for the little kiddos I work with, and found EXACTLY what I was looking for. This place is HUGE and is FILLED with tons of puzzles and it is organized so nicely! If you cannot find something just ask one of the super friendly puzzle-loving staff members and they will be able to locate the item for you within minutes. This place is great for teachers (or those in education) because it has a very wide selection of children's puzzles and games. I cannot wait to return here and get more classroom materials. They also have more complex puzzles for adults. Overall great place with great puzzles and great service!My only complaint would be that the puzzles are kind of expensive. The 10% off Yelp Check In  Deal was nice, though!
<review# 1346,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/30/2013,1/4/2014,88,58,2,5,3>One of my favorite stops on the Weinstrasse . I have read some of the negative reviews for Sugar Creek and it absolutely baffles me. I have never had a bad experience here, and have always felt welcome. They even helped us celebrate my wifes 40th birthday. They set us up under the pagoda and made sure that we were taken care of, my wife said it was one of the best days of her life.   I find the wines to be better than average, and the wines have gotten better over the years. During the spring and summer on most weekends they have live music. To me it's a great place to sit back, relax, listen to music, enjoy some wine and Friends. We make it a habit of stopping by a couple of times a year.
<review# 1347,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/11/2013,1/3/2014,81,165,2,10,7>An ISC stop and overall a very good place!  First of all they have great parking which is huge for U City.  The building has a garage door/wall that can be opened when the weather is nice for outdoor seating.  On this evening they were able to accommodate 13 of us.  When I first came across this restaurant I wasn't sure what to make of it.  I initially thought it was just a pizza place but it is actually a rustic style Italian themed restaurant with a loft like feel.  There is a bar with flat screen TVs to satisfy the sports fan.  The specials this evening were a Lobster Risotto, Short Ribs, and a Trout dish.  We started with the Beet Salad and the Cauliflower soup.  Both were wonderful.  There was actually more beets than salad but the catcher was the fried goat cheese on top that added the perfect savory touch.  The cauliflower soup was very smooth and hit the spot on this rainy cold night.  I ordered the short ribs because I couldn't resist.  The short ribs were overall tender but parts were a little tough.  Not bad though and with a good red wine taste.  They were served on a bed of garlic mashed potatoes and a handful of asparagus. Overall a nice restaurant with a good variety of food not just pasta or pizza.  My only regret is that I didn't have enough room for dessert!  Great choice for ISC Sarah!
<review# 1348,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/3/2013,1/2/2014,44,267,4,8,5>On my recent day off I stopped into The Egg & I for breakfast around 8 am.  I was promptly greeted and seated upon arrival.  The menu has a tremendous selection of dishes made with eggs and a few that don't like pancakes and waffles.  First of all the service was excellent. My waitress was very friendly and helpful.  I chose the bacon and cheese omelet.  The omelet was HUGE!  It was very fluffy and covered in cheese.  It was served with ranch potatoes and 4 large pieces of wheat toast. The ranch potatoes were awesome!  I was also excited to see that they offered a bold coffee option.  The coffee was delicious.This has to be the best breakfast I've had in a long time.  I will definitely be back.
<review# 1349,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/13/2013,1/1/2014,58,133,2,5,4>Brought my family in for po'boy festival and pretty much ate and drank our way through the menu. Huge and potent drink selection. Pace yourself. We ordered five po'boys plus sides for three peoples and I would do it again in a heart beat. Gluttonous joy. Great service which started with the seating staff/door man and continued on to our waitress who took great care of us during a VERY busy night. Eclectic decor and laid back atmosphere. They do New Orleans proud.
<review# 1350,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/2/2011,8/8/2011,144,692,3,5,7>"A life without beauty is half-lived," said George Gough Booth, collaborator with G. Eliel Saarinen, who was father of Eero Saarinen, creator of the Gateway Arch. Whenever I see the Arch, I'm reminded of the quotation, and grateful for such a piece of architecture within sight of my town (18 miles NE across the flood plain on top of the bluff at E'ville). I've been to the top of the arch several times on the unique tram car system. There's a stairway outside the tram in the rare case of a tram car problem, though the whole experience is not for the claustrophobic. I've enjoyed the museum at the base of the arch, and love walking around the grounds in the fall and spring when it's not too bitterly cold or crazy hot and humid. The best parking is in the garage to the north near Laclede's Landing.  It's also easy to access from the MetroLink Train, Laclede's Landing station. If you're in the STL area, it's a place you must see once.
<review# 1351,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/3/2010,8/7/2011,110,87,3,8,7>This place is great.  These guys have it down.  First off, we got there I guess just as happy hour was ending.  The bartender pointed this out and said if we hurried we could still take advantage.  Who says this?  Outstanding work.  Looking out for their customers.  The guy was there at all times when we needed him and checking up on us.  Spot on service.Now for the appetizers.  CEVICHE.... I repeat CEVICHE.  She was pretty scared of the concept of it but the mix of beautiful presentation (the tied chips are a nice touch) and the flavors of lime and mango .... she loved it.  The fundido pretty good.  Wish there was more of it.  The fish tacos are a go to here.  You won't be disappointed.  If they've got tamales that day?  Do it and expect to feel full.  Feeling adventurous?  Go with the mole.  I love the mole.  The chicken says roasted but for some reason I thought it was boiled.  And always always go with the street corn.Have yourself a paloma and/or margarita and you'll love this place even more.
<review# 1352,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/15/2011,8/6/2011,413,665,35,14,13>This place is like the dude who treats you like crap, is always late, and hits on your friends, but is amazing in bed. You hate him you hate him you hate him you hate him and then ohhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh you love him. Winslow's Home, there were so many things that were like, ick, what are you doing. But then I ate your food and I lost all words and was just Oh-facing and blabbering. The Bad: You had to go up and order your food at a counter (which was not abundantly clear when you walked in), so crowded you had to scout for a table and hold it like an asshole, the tables were so close together that the people within a 3 table radius of us are now privy to way too much information about me, the cute country store items for sale were awkwardly thrown all over the place, forcing browsers to squeeze by you as they window-shopped for crap they don't need. More Bad: The food was pricey, and this place is soooooooo rich-hippy. Nothing more annoying than rich hippies, in my book. I felt so out of place, as I was not wearing a flannel or a North Face jacket. What is with rich people trying to be country? I'll be so glad when this trend is over and rich people can go back to being into expensive coffee made in sweat shops in South America. And carbs. The Amnesia Sets In: I'm sitting there internally bitching about paying 6 bucks for a piece of french toast. FRENCH TOAST, for God's sake. It shows up. I snicker on the inside. And then... I taste it. HOLY. FUCKING. SHIT. I swear to God, the entire world melted away. I stopped listening to my table mate (eh, wasn't really listening to begin with) and was having a fantasy about eating this french toast WHILE I was eating this french toast. Before it was half gone, I was already mentally planning my next trip back here. And my breakfast burrito? I was all like, what the crap is up with the green "salsa"? And then I tasted it and I was like, ohhhhhh, green salsa, I will gladly break up with ketchup for you. My friend got a quiche, which was like a gelatinous blob and was ice cold. She sent it back, which was a pain and took forever. They clearly didn't just stick it in the microwave, which was nice, but by the time it came back, my burrito was cold, and the quiche was still cold. She ate in pissed off silence, but I secretly didn't care. Even cold, that food was STILL divine. I hope WH considers feng-shui-ing a bit to make this place a little less... ridiculous. But even if they don't, I'll squeeze in here for another to-die-for brunch. And yeah, the prices are steep, but two bites in you'll be forking over your entire wallet and signing over your 401K for seconds.
<review# 1353,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/9/2011,8/5/2011,18,58,2,5,3>I met up here with a friend for dinner because about a year ago, I bought the Groupon thinking it looked like a fantastic deal, and a reason to go out to dinner somewhere I had never been before.  And it was a great idea.  I applaud my wisdom from last year.Now, I was told this is not typical, and I am a trusting soul, but this place was packed on Monday night.  There was an hour and a half wait for a table, and a full crowd around the bar.  I took the hostess's suggestion and tried to find people that looked like they might be leaving and stood behind them to jump into their seats the moment they stood up.  Luckily the women we stood behind were quite gracious and even made a joke about it as they left.  They were there for the Groupon too, but they were smart and came at 5:30 instead of 7:30.So we ordered two glasses of wine, and got to looking at the small plates.  They also have three-wine sample sets or "flights" that if you like wine in a certain range (similar color, tanins, stuff like that) you can get three smaller (3 oz) glasses and taste them all.  I saved that for my next trip.  Our server was really great.  He answered all of the questions about wine, and when it came to ordering we had been so wrapped up in our own conversation we did not take a good look at the menu so he recommended three things for us and we got them: chorizo, gouda flavored with fenugreek, and roasted red pepper hummus.  One thing that surprised me was that all three came out at once, and not as they were made, or maybe they were all made at once, I have no idea, but I was a bit surprised.  But the food was awesome.  The cheese plate had dried fruit and nuts on it, pretty standard, but the cheese was quite good.  The chorizo was finely sliced and perfectly spicy.  And the hummus had a good black pepper kick to it that I really enjoyed.  The three of those was enough food for the two of us.  I left feeling full but not overly so.  Although, glancing at some other reviews, I should have tried the bread pudding.  Another time.The other thing that surprised me was that there was a guy behind the bar whose sole job it seemed to be was cleaning the glasses, polishing and putting them away.  It did not surprise me that someone did that, but that their job was only that.  He did not help with service, even if you looked right at him and tried to flag him the way you would a server, no response.Again, this place was packed.  So it was loud.  You definitely had to lean in to hear someone and be paying closer attention than you might think.  But it was not awful.  Even full to the brim you could have a pretty pleasant conversation in here, and not be worried about the next guy listening in.  Although the guy polishing glasses behind the bar probably listened in to everything.  The atmosphere is very relaxed, wine bottles line shelves, there are corks suspended in resin for the bar top, although they probably could have been packed tighter (just a designer's eye making suggestions for the next wine bar).  The lighting was dim, but it did not seem dark.  The bathroom was very clean.  And all the servers were wearing brown t-shirts that had an adjective that you could use to describe wine on them.  I thought that was a neat touch. Plus, we sat there for the better part of two hours and there was no one hurrying us to move along or make up our minds. Overall, I had a great time here.  Great food, great wine, great service, perfect atmosphere.  I am looking forward to planning my next wine bar experience.
<review# 1354,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/9/2011,8/4/2011,76,328,2,3,3>Taking the CD for what it is - a diner on South Grand (and for me after drinking on a Saturday night), I'd definitely put it in the "I'm a fan." category.  We were seated quickly, and our waiter, Tim, was very accommodating and fun.  Having gone to school in Springfield, MO, a friend and I's drunk hankerings leaned the Ziggie's way, and we wanted Texas fries.  We told Tim what we wanted - fries with melted cheddar cheese and bacon bits and a side of ranch dressing.  He figured it out and made it happen.  We got our food quickly.  It was pretty cheap and tasty.  What more do you need?!?
<review# 1355,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/5/2011,8/3/2011,38,140,4,12,5>My experience here got off to a shaky start.  I called up for a table for a party of 7 and was told, "You won't need a reservation, but I'll take your name anyway."  Fast forward to 8pm, we get there and the place is packed, looked like word from Sauce traveled fast, good news for a new restaurant.  But for my friends and I, we ended up waiting for an hour to sit down because they couldn't get 2 adjacent tables to open up and put together.So while waiting at the bar, never ever hearing of something called 'oyster bread', ordered it.  The order got lost somewhere along the line and showed up 30 min or so later.  It's a garlic/oyster spread over some french bread, with a little spice to kick, it was pretty damn tasty.  Finally at our table, we order half the menu, eat off each others plates and the verdict: this place was just about worth the wait!The star was the seafood gumbo: rich, and complex, lots of seafood. only available Fridays.Crawfish etoufee; dark, rich and balanced as another yelper mentioned, and it was generously jampacked with crawfish, I loved it.Chicken gumbo offered a delicious alternative to the seafood gumbo, crawfish creole was well made, but I was expecting a little more...kick.Meatloaf was solid, no real surprises.  And a beef poboy was good, but I think I'd go with a shrimp or crawfish next time, as their seafood was definitely the highlight.Homemade bread pudding was piping hot and good, but not spectacular.So after the gorging, we were still a little miffed about the hour wait and frankly, subpar, although extremely friendly service (which we chalked up to it being a new restaurant).  And then the manager (or owner), comes over and offers to buy us all a drink for the wait.  Solid 4 stars, but there's some 5 star potential here after they work out the kinks.
<review# 1356,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/9/2011,8/2/2011,33,113,4,10,4>So i stumble upon this place, oh great, another Indian Buffet, with the catchy slogan "Curry in a Hurry" painted on the storefront window in downtown. And I'm thinking, ok, this is probably goanna be pretty pathetic, "curry in a hurry" "really?"....Boy how wrong was I?!?!!  The food here is super fresh. First time in my life, I had Tandori chicken at an Indian buffet that wasn't old and tough. Their chicken was smooth, falling off the bone, and suckulent! Grilled to perfection. Their buffet is quite extended, an amazing variety, intense and rich with taste. Correction, BURSTING with taste and flavor! And this is a buffet?!?! are you kidding me. I was very suprised. The inside is elegant, the serving area is clean, well kept and organized. Usually, Indian Buffets are in dingy, poorly lit areas, and this place is not the case. Their food selection was complimented with an array of sauces, chutney and etc. And they have mango lassee on tap. WHAT!!! All you can have on the Mango Lasse! Insane. The buffet used to be 6.95 + a free drink, but now its 7.95 and no free drink. But Mr Curry's specializes in taste, variety, and housing a clean eating establishment. I highly recommend going to this place. But do warn your coworkers when you come back to the office after eating there! They'd greatly appreciate it! Get your eat on!!
<review# 1357,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/15/2011,8/1/2011,156,121,5,7,9>Good lord this place is amazing. I had my first sandwich from here yesterday, I had the BBQ Pulled Pork Po-Boy St Louis style and I seriously inhaled it. I may not have even stopped to take the time to chew it was so good.After I finished, I was checking out the togo menu and realized there was a whole backside of special "Finger Lickin' and Drippin'" sandwiches which was right up my alley, so I decided to stop in again today after a successful job interview, because let's be honest, I deserved it.Oh my god, this sandwich combines my favorite type of sandwich (french dip) and intensifies it times a million with the blue cheese on it. It's absolutely fantastic and if eating one every day wouldn't make me weigh 100 more pounds, I would totally do it.I also got to try the Billy Goat chips that I've heard about since I got here, and mmmmmm these seriously may be  the tastiest chips I've ever had.I will most definitely be back, and often.
<review# 1358,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/19/2011,7/31/2011,133,63,6,19,12>Have you ever purchased spices at Schnuck's or Dierberg's? Then you have wasted your money, sorry to say.I think a lot of people assume that Jay International exists for people looking for "exotic" foods and spices. The truth, however, is that if you want even the most basic spice and you want it on the cheap, Jay's is the place to go. If you want a giant stack of tortillas or pita (naan) for a couple of bucks, go to Jay's. If you want cumin, you can get twice the amount for half the price of local grocers. Don't get me started on the cost of Extra Virgin Olive Oil at the grocery story. Total rip. The truth is that if you want to flavor your food with anything whatsoever, you should go to Jay's. The quality is the same and often times better, the quantity is always more, and the price is always less. Beans. Rice. Soy Sauce. Garlic. It's all cheaper.Furthermore, if you look up a random recipe for some type of international cuisine that you have never tried before, Jay will have everything you could need and more. The first time I made an Indian curry, I gawked at the recipe because it called for like 15 different spices, none of which I had. I thought I would give Jay a try even though it looked kind of small from the outside. It had everything, everything, EVERYTHING that was on the list.ANDDDDD they have their own parking lot! How many places on South Grand have actual parking lots??? THIS IS HUGE FOLKS. You've gotta try Jay's.
<review# 1359,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/22/2011,7/30/2011,251,118,8,5,6>After strolling through the Soulard Farmer's Market for great bargains on produce, I was already in a great mood and couldn't ask for a better way to spend a sunny Friday afternoon with my boyfriend. He suggested we have lunch at Bogart's, and boy, was I in for a great surprise. The wait on a Friday afternoon wasn't bad at all. We ordered a plate of prime rib, a half slab of ribs, egg potato salad, fried BBQ pork skins, baked beans, and chips. Having already dined at Pappy's on numerous occasions, I was skeptical that other bbq joints would not be nearly as good as they are, but Bogart's proved me wrong.We sat down and within 7 or so minutes, we received our plates. Talk about fast service. If I can describe Bogart's BBQ using just one word it would be Heaven. My eyeballs nearly popped out of my eye sockets from such surprise and shear joy with that first bite. The ribs were so amazing, I didn't want my meal to ever end. If I was offered to trade in my cat for a year supply of Bogart's BBQ, I would trade in my cat without a doubt! (Sorry Lili'u!) Living on the West Coast sheltered me from good BBQ like Bogart's. I'm so glad I'm able to indulge in great BBQ here in the Midwest.The question now is... who's better? Pappy's or Bogarts? I can't deny that that question crossed my mind, but I don't think it matters. What did cross my mind was that Pappy's and Bogarts should make a baby (back ribs) and then, my friends, I would die a happy girl.
<review# 1360,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,8/26/2008,3/19/2009,72,652,3,4,3>The atmosphere at this place is pretty good.  There's a good mix of people in the bar, ages and types alike.  The music isn't bad, and there's a ton of outside seating.  I also enjoy the food.  It's cheap cheap cheap and you get plenty for the price.  It's not the best food in St. Louis, but if you are here for the happy hour, it's easily one of the best deals. I just can't get over how uncomfortably jammed this place always is.  I have tried to go here on a Wednesday, Friday, Saturday, Monday...it's the same story.  Doesn't anyone in Kirkwood work?  It's always jammed.  I have never been able to go right in and sit down, on nice nights I have never gotten an outside table, and quite frankly, I often just leave and hit up one of the many other bars in Kirkwood when this place is like this.  Also, and I'm sure this is a result of the droves of people coming to this place, but the service is abominable.  I have never waited so long just to get water.  So, to summarize: the bar is good, the food is good, the place is over crowded most of the time and the service is sub par.
<review# 1361,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/5/2009,3/18/2009,220,269,3,4,3>I always enjoy this place, and not just because its fun to say "Faru" in various accents. Basically its a very diverse collection of gift-ish items, jewels, and decor from all over the world; but way better than World Market. If you happen to be on Delmar I think its worth taking a browse.
<review# 1362,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/9/2009,3/17/2009,152,421,4,8,6>This is one of the very few places in St. Louis where you can get proper tea. If you're in the mood to splurge, order the "cream tea," which is a pot of tea of your choice (I recommend a black variety) plus a filling scone, delectable Devonshire cream, and jam, all served on beautiful china. I purchased some loose tea here to take home: black tea flavored with real vanilla - worth every penny. Stop drinking crappy artificial bagged tea and discover the real thing.
<review# 1363,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/11/2009,3/16/2009,381,1142,6,6,6>The Big Bang is interesting because not only do they use the dual piano system, but they incorporate both physical and verbal comedy into their set.  I enjoyed the lighthearted atmosphere.  At times, the jokes can get a little old, but the pianists' skills make up for that.  The bartenders were also friendly and there are plenty of seats so it's not one of those awkward places where your standing around waiting for a seat to open.
<review# 1364,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,6/27/2008,3/15/2009,94,45,2,2,2>This like a funny theme restaurant where the theme is corner dive bar that serves all their beer in cans. And you know what? It's hard to tell if it's just a theme or if this really is a cranky old man bar with good food and outdoor tables. The food is pretty good. It's down home cookin'--chili, corndogs, meatloaf etc. They also have a large beer selection--IN CANS! And don't ask for any microbrews or imported beers you yuppies, cause they only sell the finest in cheap beer and malt liquors.Seriously it's a fun place. My only complaint is the smoke. The non-smoking part of the room is up above the smoking part of the room, so you're sure to get an extra dose of nicotine if you sit in the non-smoking section (smoke rises--duh). If you really want to go smoke free in this place sit in at one of the tables on the sidewalk. I would frequent this place more often if it weren't for the smoke--but then again, being completely smoke free would diminish the fine dive bar motif they've worked hard to achieve.
<review# 1365,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/23/2008,3/14/2009,260,519,9,6,6>My boyfriend and I saw this White Castle on our way to the airport in St.Louis. It was the last and most important stop on our vacation.We ordered a couple of those tiny, beautiful burgers and fell in love. Well, at least I did. If you don't like onions, White Castle is not the place for you. Even if you ask for the burgers without onions, they'll still taste like onions.I love onions....and I love White Castle.
<review# 1366,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/4/2008,3/13/2009,10,15,4,5,3>I have an addiction to Chimichangas and none other than their chicken chimichanga. I consider myself a chimichanga connoisseur and there is none better! Absolutely delish! Hence their name perhaps?I love the massive bowl of chips and salsa that just keeps coming whenever I ask for it. And their Monster Strawberry margaritas are to die for. I make it an obligation to get one every time I go. So good!
<review# 1367,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/6/2009,3/12/2009,111,674,5,7,6>Absolutely awesome place!  The animals were very interesting.  Comfy shoes are recommended.  Bring your own bottled water.  They charge $3 for bottled water.  There's a lot of food stalls & shops.  If I'm not mistaken, there's a Build A Bear place inside the zoo!  The baby Amur tigers were soooo cute!  The insectarium isn't for those who are scared or disgusted by insects.  I got spooked by a few of them.  Some parts of the zoo were closed for construction.  The monkey house was very cool.  They have the cutest toys!  There's a baby elephant that is the cutest thing in the world!  It makes you want to say "awwwwwww."
<review# 1368,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/30/2008,3/10/2009,31,198,3,7,5>I'm glad to live down the street from Agave.  The last two times I've been there, it's been a late night whim--realizing that it is after 10pm and a friend and I had not had dinner.  It happens to be in the neighborhood, so why not?  Although the website suggests having a reservation, it hasn't been busy when I've walked in after dinner hours.  I think that's the key at a place like this.  Go when nobody else is there.  The last time I was there, we split the Poblanos al Estilo Relleno.  Peppers stuffed with among other tasty items, goat cheese, and encrusted in blue corn meal.  The roasted red pepper sauce it was atop was fantastic.   It came with rice and beans and a couple of tortillas.  We were actually pretty full and satisfied although I probably could have stuffed myself to epic proportions because the stuffed peppers were so damn good.  The late night high-end Mexican food run before that involved the fantastic Ceviche Tropical, a summer ceviche with fresh salmon with mango, papaya, jicama, red bell pepper and cilantro.  There was also a very tasty salad.  Also, The guacamole there is outstanding and uses really fresh ingredients.  Drinks to try are the pomegranate mojito and the white sangria which has mango and other fruit happily floating around in it.  I usually don't say this, but be sure to check out the bathroom if you like Frida.  Photographs of her (and Diego) adorn the walls.  In writing this, I am kind of worried that I am giving away my late-night feasting secret and that the next time I show up at Agave at 11pm, the place will be packed.
<review# 1369,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/7/2009,3/9/2009,17,68,3,6,5>This has to be one of the friendliest places I've ever eaten. We waited for about 15 minutes in the tiny, crowded entryway and were seated at a table inches away from another table on either side. But either the fellow sitting next to us was the mayor, or they really know how to treat a single fellow here. One waitress complimented him on his sweater, a busboy slowed down to ask him what book he was reading, the host came by to see if he was taken care of and to wish him a good day. Seriously, if you like good company, this is the place for you. The waffles, by the way, are excellent: light, crisp, and with a touch of malt flavor. The coffee is good and hot, and the fried chicken is lightly-breaded and moist. All of the sides I've tried have been just a touch better than they absolutely needed to be. And it's friendly. Did I mention that?One tiny correction: someone mentioned the great location. If you've always wanted to eat near lots of refinery tanks and boarded up buildings then, yes, this is a great location. If not, then you'll drive by and think, "Should I park my car here? And if I do, should I get out?" You should. This is one of the worst-looking patches of Natural Bridge, but this place is a rose among thorns. Park, come on in, and enjoy yourself.
<review# 1370,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/12/2010,3/14/2011,65,28,1,8,6>I have been eating here for at least ten years and have yet to have a single bad experience or meal.  While some menu items are better than others, I have never had anything that is "bad."  This is quintessential Tex-Mex, which I ADORE.  After spending part of my childhood in Oklahoma and moving to STL, this was the first place I ate in STL that had Tex-Mex.  It not only came close to the great Tex-Mex restaurants I ate at in OK, it nearly topped them.  I have been a regular since that first joyful experience, introducing many a friend and family member to this local favorite.  This is NOT the "mexican" food you are used to, so don't go here expecting El Maguey, Chimichanga, etc.Everything NM's serves is well seasoned, as Tex-Mex should be.  Yes, the chicken actually has FLAVOR!!!!  Two slight exceptions are the beans and rice.  While seasoned, they are not intensely flavorful; but they aren't meant to be.  Plop some salsa and cilantro on them, mix them together, and wala!  You have a mild, delicious side of beans and rice to slide onto your fork or scoop with a chip.  I highly recommend them.The burritos come in two sizes, regular and dinner.  The regular size is enough to make me full (and I can eat!), but those with pretty hefty appetites will rejoice in the larger dinner size.  The veggie burrito is a good option for those looking for something with actual veggies, more nutritional content, or a lack of animal slices.  Of course, delicous animals slices are an option available to you.My personal favorite is the Super Tex platter, which comes with a chicken enchilada I sub for cheese, a bean and cheese chalupa (glorified tostada), a chicken soft taco, and a side of rice and beans.  The cheese enchilda has the most amazing firm, melty, white cheese and the red sauce poured atop is smooth, tangy, and tomato-ey.  The chalupa is crispy and creamy, and topped with a pretty nest of shredded cabbage.  The chicken in the taco is well-seasoned and shredded, and also comes with cabbage, tomatoes, and cheese.  This meal is quite the commitment, but the variety of flavors and textures is outstanding.NM's salsa/condiment bar has a lot to offer: mild, medium, and hot fresh tomato salsas, limes, fresh cilantro, jalapenos, lemons, and onions.  You pile your selections into little paper ketchup cups.  The only drag is that if you KNOW you are getting a ton of salsa, staff refuses to give you their larger salsa boat unless you specifically order chips and salsa.  I know because I've asked and been turned down.  So if you like things saucy, be prepared to fill about 6 tiny paper cups.       NM's has a great selection of drinks too.  You can get a house-made margarita, and they have plenty of beer and Jarritos on ice.  They recently completed construction of an expanded outdoor patio, which has made it easier to find a seat when dining on-site (though their drive-through is good too).  If you have the room, I recommend getting chips and guacamole.  Their guacamole is on the pricier side, but it looks and tastes really fresh, and is attractively served IN the avocado shell.Many people comment on NM's being expensive, and while I do think they are a little pricey, I think it is worth it.  The food is always of high quality, as is the customer service.  I'll pay a little more to get that.Out of all the glowing things I can think of to say about NM's, there is one thing that I do give them a major black mark for: their extensive use of styrofoam.  They do serve chips in terra cotta pots that they reuse, but the cups and plates they use to serve on-site guests are made of styrofoam.  I hate that!  I know it is sturdy and insulating for the wet/gloopier menu items, but it has SUCH a negative environmental impact.  I would love to see NM's find and incorporate more sustainable products on which to serve their delicious food.
<review# 1371,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/21/2010,3/13/2011,24,23,6,5,7>Nellie Glenn's is a very welcome addition to our lovely South City neighborhood, within walking distance of our front door.Perhaps I'm biased, since the owner (Glen) didn't blink when I asked him to donate to the Colon Cancer Alliance Undy 5000 in honor of my mom.  And then a couple months later, the staff easily accommodated my boyfriend's 31st birthday party -- making him feel like King of the Castle.  (Lord knows he doesn't get that at home.)The food and drinks are yummy, the people are nice, the bar games are plenty, and Cardinals baseball is always on TV.  What's not to love?
<review# 1372,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/21/2010,3/12/2011,41,145,3,4,3>Hello new Hipster Bar. Mangia with some pinball machines anyone? Went here a couple weeks back and my friend commented that it had the feel of the old Creepy Crawl, which I felt was pretty accurate. The place is crawling with tight pants, trendy tattoos and beards, but I'm cool with that. PBR tall boys are served on the for serious, and they have a couple free pinballs in the back that will let you try out the game before hitting up the more serious paying machines :) As mentioned in other reviews, this place is hot! Very little ventilation, which is not so fun on these here humid ass days. However, the good company, good tunes, and good drinks are quite the reprieve from a hot, boring evening at home by yourself.
<review# 1373,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/29/2010,3/11/2011,108,53,4,7,4>Feels like a real hometown bakery. Nested in the Hill, the staff is very friendly, and It's extremely popular. I've never been inside without a mob of people waiting to grab a few icebox cookies, pastries, fresh pizza dough, or some of St. Louis's famous gooey butter cake. But honestly, this place has EVERYTHING. I strongly recommend you do not go hungry because each case of bakery-fresh goodies seems better than the last. I honestly wouldn't be surprised if they made Babka cakes. Seinfeld would be relieved.Remember to bring cash since they don't accept credit/debit cards though.
<review# 1374,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/19/2010,3/10/2011,21,91,5,7,7>We had an absolutely fantastic time here watching the consolation (third place) game of the World Cup.  It wasn't terribly crowded, the service was awesome, good views of multiple TV's, decent food, and best of all - amazingly good craft beer!In just about every aspect Six Row is my kind of place.  A classy joint full of people who love beer and the people who love people who love beer.  The bartenders are quick to show off samplers of the different varieties and recommend one for you.  They seem to know their beer pretty well too.Here's my breakdown on the brews:Kolsch:  very good beer with an especially good finish.  Great if you are thirsty.Extra Pale Ale:  Awesomely bitter.  I love the aftertaste.Whale:  I only had a sampler but opted for the EPA over this one.  I think next time I will be down for a pint.Bavarian Hefeweizen: Oh..my..god.  Simply amazing.  There's so much flavor here that you almost can't believe this is beer.  It's perfect.  So perfect I opted for a second pint instead of trying the Whale.Word on the street is that the porter is good too but I am not a porter/stout kind of guy so I will pass.This is not the place to come when you have a large group to please or if you have that dull friend who only drinks bud light.  Food selections are scarce, but satisfactory for a light meal.  They have a limited bar for non-beer drinkers so those of you with non-beer-drinking-S.O's can come here without fear of a punishmnent shopping excursion to Bed Bath & Beyond or Pier 1.  You can get their beer on draft at a few local establishments, but I think every beer lover owes themselves a visit here first.  If you are looking for a classy bar to try some delicious craft beer, I can't recommend this place highly enough.
<review# 1375,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,8/3/2010,3/9/2011,413,665,18,4,4>I think their name is really holding them back. I mean, seriously. Mr. Wizard's? It sounds like a gaming store, an adult video store, or a used appliance store, not a place for delicious frozen treats. For everyone trying to compare this place to TD's: Zzzzzzzzzzzzzz.. You can't tell the difference and you know you can't. It's the same f-ing thing. You don't like TD's. You just like frozen custard. And why wouldn't you? It is far superior to any other frozen dessert, with the exception of maybe the frozen Snicker's bars you can buy at 7-11. Don't tell me the custard at TD's is smoother... blah blah blah! "Oh, no honey, we can't go to Mr. Wizard's tonight, their custard is slightly less smooth than TD's, let's drive an extra 50 miles." And for people complaining that their custard turns to soupy goop the second they have hot fudge mixed into it?! No $hit, Sherlock!!!! Just order a cup of custard the way it is supposed to be enjoyed, plain. If you want crap mixed into your ice cream, go to McDonald's and get a McFlurry. To Review: 1. Saying I'm going to "Mr. Wizard's" makes me feel uncomfortable and like I might be a pedophile 2. The custard there is good, because custard is good. 3. Don't order concretes from here or from anywhere. 4. TD's is not better (though has a better name).
<review# 1376,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/7/2010,3/8/2011,13,28,,8,5>Not sure what that 1-star review is all about...  This place definitely deserves better.Zoya's is mostly a lunch place.  The place is run by Russian ladies and features soups and sandwiches, in addition to gyros, salads and some other menu items.  The cuisine is mainly European.I've been here multiple times off and on during the last couple of years, always for lunch, and it has never disappointed.   Food quality is excellent, everything always tastes fresh, including the bread, which is just awesome.I suggest the cold Borscht soup in the summertime, it is very well done.  (This is coming from a Russian here).  The Norwegian Lox sandwich is one of my favorites as well.One thing, the lunch portions can be a bit smallish, compared to the amount of food you get from some other places, but the food is very good so it's not really a complaint.
<review# 1377,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/12/2011,3/7/2011,317,728,5,9,8>Tuesday night in preparation for the debut of 9 to 5 at the Fox. Heeding warnings about reservations and service, got a 6 p.m. reservation. Worked perfectly.Sat and sat. Watched the clock. So nervous about the service! Seven minutes before ANYONE acknowledged us. It was Ashley. But once she was with us, SHE WAS WITH US!Ordered libations and the stuffed mushrooms ($7) -- stuffed with goat cheese and herbs, flash fried, served with garlic parmesan sauce that had some green onion garnish. There were EIGHT LARGE mushrooms on this plate! It was incredible! And so were the mushrooms! Man, oh man, what succulence with knock-out flavors!My first G&T I asked for olives, rather than lime. It was so perfect, with 3 olives on a stick. I told Ashley it was divine! The next one came with 4 olives!! It was too much more perfect!Ashley asked if we wanted to box the leftover mushrooms, and we said yes. All the time I'm thinking how am I going to walk into the Fox with a take-home bag . . . looking like a homeless bag! And smelling up the place!Dinner: my dining partner got the smaller offering ($11) of pan-fried chicken breast with smoked chile gouda grits and asparagus. I tried the grits, and they were divine! She enjoyed the chicken and raved about the asparagus.I got the Nawlins' Shrimp Po Boy ($9.50) and chose the edamame and roasted corn salad. WOWEE! What incredible flavors. The po boy came on a toasted baguette with remoulade, lettuce tomato and red onion. The shrimp were rather small and breaded, but had good flavor. The salad was unique, sassy and lovingly flavored. Other choices on side were French fries, smoked chile potato salad or house-made potato chips. I just wanted something different. And boy, did that work.OK, we've got EVERYTHING boxed, since we couldn't finish ANY of it. We talked to Ashley about holding our take-homes until the theatre was over. MaryBeth, the manager, came over and talked with us twice about it, and agreed to hold our food in their refrigerator until the show was over.Now get this . . . they close at 10. The show was over at 10:30. And they knew that when they committed to holding our food. It was an absolutely incredible service. When the show was over, we hot-footed it over to Kota, knocked on the door, the bartender came to the door with our bag, and said, "This is for Patt." HOLY COW!! He got a tip, too!!What incredible service!!! I'm going back five million times!
<review# 1378,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/1/2011,3/6/2011,264,889,,5,5>Where I come from, we talk about snow in feet not inches.  So today's blizzard is nothing out of the norm for me.  I was thrilled to see Pi was not only open but offering a 2-4-1 pizza deal at the Delmar and CWE locations.  This was a great incentive to try a new pizza.  We always go with their deep dish, and even though they were operating with a smaller number of staff, my carryout order was ready in just 25 minutes.  Not a bad wait for deep dish.We got a deep dish Berkeley, which I can never get enough of.  It's the high-end veggie lovers pizza.  Typically vegetarian pizza is a variety of your basic ingredients like green pepper, mushrooms, black olives, tomato, onion, etc.  Not this veggie pizza.  Pi's version of a vegetarian pizza (the Berkeley) uses RED peppers, PORTABELLA mushrooms, KALAMATA olives, chunky tomato sauce, ZUCCHINI, onion and GARLIC.  The combination of flavors is heavenly, like nothing I've had before.  The other pizza was for my hubby.  Because he always allows me to pick the pizza, which means no pepperoni or sausage allowed.  He got a South Side Classico, sausage, mushrooms, green bell peppers and onions.  I sucked it up and tried a bite, spicy sausage no less.  He liked SO much he ate more than half a large all by himself.The best part of any Pi pizza is the crust.  I am in love with their crust.  I compare EVER deep dish pizza I have to Pi.  Nothing has ever come close, but I have found a few that have elements I've enjoyed...just never as much as I enjoy Pi.Thank you for being open on this crappy day, and Pi staff be safe getting home!
<review# 1379,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/3/2010,3/5/2011,133,63,11,11,8>I've always been pretty anti-buffet after an incident at age 12 that involved Old Country Buffet, three desserts, and vomit on their front steps. Fortunately I'm a lot older and have learned how to control my all-you-can-eat habits. It still stings though.However, a trip to Mr Curry's is totally worth the risk. It's cheap. It's fast. It's good.  You can eat until you die. I can't think of a single reason not to eat here. I went here a few weeks ago on one of their meat friendly days. (They have veg days too)I can't remember most of what I had but it was all good. I remember the vindaloo in particular. Oh and the lamb. So rich. So good. Mmmmm. A little bit of drool just fell out of my mouth. Everything was really flavorful and rich but not too spicy. You have the option of making your own plate spicier by adding condiments at the end of the buffet. It's 6.95. 6.95.6.95!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!Who can go out to eat for 6.95 anymore?? I think fast food is more than that! I mean really. Restaurant quality food, dirt cheap prices, really freakin nice employees. If you are anywhere near downtown during lunch and you haven't eaten here, you should hang your head in shame immediately.If you can't make it to their downtown location during lunch, the owner told me that they have another location in Edwardsville that's open on evenings and weekends. Also if you haven't experienced Indian food, an Indian buffet is a GREAT PLACE to expand your horizons. It allows you try a little of everything to experience the real deal and figure out which dishes are your faves. The only cons are the same cons associated with any part time downtown restaurants. Parking is annoying. The hours are too short.  Why can't they open up full time and relocate to south grand? Who knows. Eat here! WE NEED TO KEEP QUALITY DOWNTOWN BUSINESSES OPEN BY PATRONIZING THEM OK.
<review# 1380,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/11/2011,5/22/2012,207,169,10,12,8>You know that thing, of like, when you walk into a place and you and your Kitten Faced Friend look at each other as soon as you pass through the doors with faces that are like OH MY GOD I LOVE THIS PLACE! and then for every five steps you take, you do it again, and as you sum up the view of the bar and all the different beers you do it again, and as you walk thru the magic door into the OLD SKOOL BACKROOM THEATER, you do it again, and again at the Popcorn Machine, and again as you imagine the cold wintry nights cuddled up here with said Kitten Face watching cray cray movies and drinking whiskey drinks, and you do it again as you walk behind the theater, past the hologram framed painting, and out to the kick ass patio?That thing happened to me. That thing of when like every person in the bar was like a version of yourself, a cool version of cool people sitting in old gramma chairs by the windows having cool and thoughtful people conversations about funny shit, drinking varietal beers through and past their auburn beards, through and past their casually hip clothes, through and past some cool music floating through the high ceilings, through and past a memory that for the brief time I landed there, has been anchored in my city heart forever.
<review# 1381,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/5/2012,5/21/2012,743,1115,1,12,7>This review is solely based on the bakery and my birthday cake that I bought from them. I have not ate at the cafe.I did some research before deciding on Nadoz to do my cake. After doing some price research and calling a few places, I decided this would work best for me.They have several options with pricing. Their cakes range from as little as $17 up to $36.95. What I got had a cream cheese filling, vanilla cake, and cream cheese frosting on the outside. $36.95 gives you a 10 inch round cake that feeds 30-35 people.When I went to pick up the cake, it was beyond my expectations! The presence of it was beautifully done. They made what I wanted with some extra cute touches to it. The pastry chef told me she added white chocolate shavings to the outside to add some texture. It certainly added to the character of the cake!When I took it to my birthday dinner, the cake was a hit. Everyone had positive comments about it. Some people even asked if they could take an additional slice home because it was so tasty. Of course I let them without hesitation. There was plenty to go around!I strongly recommend Nadoz for their cakes!
<review# 1382,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/5/2011,5/20/2012,140,254,3,10,12>I love how record stores in St. Louis differ in personality, but they can all be worthy of five stars in their own way.Euclid Records has a completely different vibe from Vintage Vinyl and some of the louder record stores I've visited across the country. Euclid feels more like a library - a library of awesome. It's not quiet by any means - music is constantly playing - but the music isn't as in-your-face as it is in other stores. There are all kinds of bins and wall shelves and nooks in which you can find good music. While that can be overwhelming and possibly in annoying in another store, at Euclid, it's charming. When I go, I feel like I'm digging through my uber-cool older sister's locked trunk of CDs and albums (If I had an older sister, that is. I turned my younger sister onto Pearl Jam, so maybe I'm the cool older sister? I don't know. This is getting way too meta for a review.). At Euclid, it just feels like a treasure hunt for things you've been searching for forever or things you didn't even realize that you wanted. No, not "wanted." NEEDED.Random analogy: Vintage Vinyl = The MisfitsEuclid Records = Elvis Costello in the early '80sI heart them both during my various moods.Big-time bonus: Euclid Records doesn't reek of incense. That's worth three stars, alone.
<review# 1383,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/6/2012,5/19/2012,144,692,5,12,7>In 3rd grade, I learned to count to 10 in Spanish, so I know a LOT about Mexican food ... JUST JOKING, trying to get a rise out of my amiga Tracey W. On to the review ....Visited on a Monday night, encouraged by the review of another friend Chris Z., who said that the "new building" is open, thus assuring Madonna's younger classmate HIPster Girl that she would NOT have to sit outside on a cool March evening. As it turned out, there's still work going on for a new dining area (with the faint smell of varnish, worth the price of progress, I think). Still, the smallish dining area near the kitchen had maybe eight or nine tables for two, lots of window stools, and was only about 1/3 full, so we were just fine, there was plenty of indoor seating.After determining that the nacho chips are NOT gluten-free (yes, some corn chips actually contain wheat flour or derivatives, or are cooked in non-dedicated fryers), we decided on three tacos each, with a side of guacamole and diet cokes. As it turned out, this was a pretty good introduction to NLV. I ordered "tongue," "beef," and, after asking the friendly server for her favorite, "al pastor" (of course!). "With cilantro?" she asked. "Yes, please." Out they came, served flat on TWO soft corn shells, so you squeeze your lime wedge over the meat, and divide between the two shells, resulting in DOUBLE TACOS. Tracey W., that's "dos" tacos for the price of "uno"! Tongue was smooth and tender with a good flavor - I recommend. Beef was standard, good. "al pastor" was very good - I DOS recommend.There's a couple of sauce bottles on each table, "red" and "green." "Red" had a medium heat value, and was sort of smoky. We were told "green" was hot, but I thought it was pretty mild, like a mild cilantro sauce. Therese H., aka HIPster Girl, disagrees. She says the heat sneaks up on you in the aftertaste. *Parking? Suburbanites, take heart. In addition to street parking, you'll find a metered lot a few steps east and north, about 25 cents for 20 minutes, I think. *Do they take charge cards? YES! But I left a cash tip. Do any of you ever write "cash" in the tip line on the charge tape, like me? It's like I want to be given credit by the manager if someone pockets the tip without sharing. *Finally, WHAT A DEAL! Tacos $1.99 each, Diet Coke about the same. You can do the math. Left full, not stuffed, a good value. On to dessert ...
<review# 1384,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/20/2011,5/18/2012,224,200,8,8,6>The pulled pork nachos is a mothertruckin'  HUGE pile of food (Billy Goat Chips FTW, but beware, 'tis spicy) and is totes delicious, they have a POMEGRANATE flavored syrup for Italian Sodas, their Mac computer has a ginormous screen that would give the biggest techie a geekgasm, and sitting in that library cuddled up with my boyfriend as we read some sort of illustrated guidebook instructing on how to have the "best sex ever" made me want to immediately take him home and....Did I mention I really like this place?
<review# 1385,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/19/2011,5/17/2012,413,665,10,11,16>This is the first Yelp review that has brought me to tears.Most of the tears are because I didn't know when I ordered this pizza that it was NY style. I recently lost my father, a New Yorker, and eating this pizza brought back SO MANY amazing memories. I'm partly crying, though, because it looked so good that I couldn't restrain myself and burned my mouth on the gooey cheese and perfect sauce.GREAT fucking pizza. By far the best East Coast pizza I've had in a long time. GREAT service. They got here faster than I could throw all my crap out of sight of the door (am I the only one who tries to clean up for delivery guys?) and put a bra on.I don't know anything about the history of this business, but I can tell these are good guys. It's just evident in my entire experience tonight. Normally when I order pizza from chains I just feel really ripped off and pissed. But ordering this tonight actually made me feel good.Just kicking back, drinking some beer, listening to "Terry's Song", eating some AMAZING pizza the way it's supposed to be made, and thinking about my dad and all the times we shared in NY and NJ.He'd probably be pissed to know that I'm eating it with a fork.But I would tell him, just as I'd tell all the other pizza snobs trying to compare this to Chicago, STL, or other NY Pizza:  Pizza should not be taken that seriously. Life's too short.
<review# 1386,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/20/2011,5/16/2012,67,190,1,6,5>This is one of the best pizza places in the city in my book.  For those looking, it is NOT St. Louis-style pizza, and for me, that is desirable.  This restaurant is on Chouteau, just outside of downtown and very near (walking distance) from Lafayette Square, a wonderful urban neighborhood.  Anyway - PW is located on the lower level of the former malt house building of a brewery - upper floors house Vin de Set (check out their Sunday brunch), Moulin (an events space), and a little wine and snack market - they are all owned by the same folks. Very nice space, warm colors, and good service.  There are a variety of pizza options (though only in 12 inch, which will feed 2 hungry folks here), with house made sausage high on my list, as well as sandwiches, calzones, and salads.  Good beer selection, too, esp. of local microbrews.  Try to save room for the peanut butter pie if you have a sweet tooth at all.  Close enough to Busch stadium and downtown venues while being a little off the radar - the place opened several months ago.  Highly recommended.
<review# 1387,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/22/2011,5/15/2012,51,252,1,11,8>I may lose my "food critic" license but I'm going with 5 stars. Is this a 5 star restaurant? I don't know but it was for us on the night we went.We had been here a few years ago and it was unmemorable. Not bad but not outstanding. After seeing them on "The Best Thing I Ever Ate", my curiousity was piqued so we went back. Glad we did!My wife said, "This is the kind of restaurant that a Cracker Barrel would be if they were authentic (country)." Exactly. Kind of like a cross between an old style restuarant and your favorite elderly Aunt's house.Service was great and food was perfect. I had the Italian sausage (made locally I was told), my wife had the roast beef - very tender. The sides wer awesome; especially the beets and mashed potatoes (scratch made).Of course, we had to have some pie so we shared a piece. A little steep at over $5 per slice but it was incredible! Best lemon meringue pie I've ever tasted!This was not a cheap meal - We each had a dinner, 1 drink (coffee) and 1 piece of pie came to around $42 with tip. But the food and atmosphere (very down home!) made it worth the trip. We'll be back.
<review# 1388,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/26/2012,5/14/2012,82,228,4,4,5>I have a tanning problem.  I believe friends have thrown around the word 'tanorexic' a time or two.  Not just myself, but others I have been known to associate with.  I love having that summer glow year round, but now that I am older, I am trying to reverse the affects of tanning beds and 0 spf in the summer.  Enter Shine.  I passed the Des Peres one all the time on my way to work.  I have had mobile tanning services and other spray tans before, but I end up looking more like an oompa-loompa than coming from the beach.  So needless to say, I was skeptical.  I stopped by here on my way to a wedding.  Let me clarify, the wedding was the next day, it wasn't like I was tanning and then 4 hours later was the wedding.  Although it wouldn't be the first time I had done that.  I digress.  I walked in and it was like I was in a spa.  The staff was oh so helpful.  Added bonus, the first tan is FREE.  Sometimes, if you bring a friend, you get yours for FREE, but that is another story for another day.They give you directions on how to stand and what to expect, and if you forget, there is a nice little diagram on the wall.  The rooms are spacious and private.  I could actually move, freely.  You get your choice of tint or no tint depending on what color clothes you wear, in addition to light, medium, and dark.  I suggest dark colors, but only because it can stain your clothes, but  it does come out if that happens.I was impressed.  I looked like I had been laying out all day and not like I should be in a Willy Wonka movie.  They have a monthly deal and sometimes if you are lucky, you can pay x amount and can tan for the rest of the year on that amount.  They also have good deals on lotions as well.I heart Shine Sunless Tan.  If you haven't checked it out, what are you waiting for?
<review# 1389,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/12/2011,5/13/2012,42,129,2,4,4>Zoya's is a nice little lunch spot.  It can get busy during the weekday lunch rush, but service is usually quite quick.  There is ample seating inside, even for it being a small place.  There is outside seating as well.Today I had the lunch combo, which was  1/2 a sandwich (I had the No Guilt turkey) and a cup of soup (I chose mushroom barley).  It was $7 and change without a beverage, which is a pretty decent price for lunch in West County.  A piece of their freshly-baked bread comes with the combo, and it is so good!  The inside is soft, fluffy and chewy.  The outside is golden, crusty and flaky.  Very delicious!The mushroom barley soup was very tasty.  Had a very nice flavor with hearty chunks of portabella mushroom in it.  The smell of it reminded me of my grandmother's kitchen.  A word of caution, though:  The soup at Zoya's is insanely hot.  I'm talking center-of-the-sun hot.  I stirred and stirred, trying to cool down my soup before eating, but steam kept billowing off of it like a scene out of a freaking science fiction movie.  And even when I thought I'd been cautious, I still burnt the crap out of my mouth.  Dangit.The No Guilt turkey sandwich may sound lame ("but I like guilt!"), but it's very tasty.  The bread, once again, is stellar.  The turkey and cheese are of good quality and the accompanying Italian vinaigrette adds a nice flavor to the sandwich.There have several soups, sandwiches, salads and gyros to choose from.  I'd recommend to anyone looking for a nice little café lunch in West County.
<review# 1390,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/27/2013,3/4/2014,86,245,5,9,7>It's like a fiesta for my stomach!  Probably the best Mexican Restaurant I've been to in U City/Delmar Loop area.  My friend and I stopped by for a late dinner since we both really really wanted some tacos.  The restaurant was fairly loud on the Tuesday night, so I wouldn't recommend it if you're looking for a serious conversation.  However, if you want a casual, upbeat dinner, I think you'll really like this place.We ordered chips and salsa and three different types of tacos for dinner.  The chips come with two kinds of salsa - a poblano based one and a spicy habanero one.  Don't let the names scare you - they aren't spicy at all (I would definitely order the "spicy habanero" salsa as a drink if I knew people wouldn't judge me). In terms of tacos, I ordered the roasted duck, nopales, and the yucatan chicken.  I think the Nopales (cactus) was my favorite, followed by the chicken and then the duck.  The citrus undertones from the pickled onions and cactus complimented the creaminess goat cheese and kick from the jalapeno salsa well.  Quite a profile of textures and flavors from one tiny taco!  The chicken taco was decent, but nothing out of the ordinary - well prepared, but I felt like you could find the same dish at other restaurants.  Although the duck taco was my least favorite, it was still pretty decent - it just seemed to be missing a key flavor component.  In the restaurant's defense, I ordered it without the carnitas, and perhaps that was the missing element.  I will definitely come back soon!  Also, if you're ever hungry late - Happy Hour everyday from 10pm till close ($2 tacos :) )
<review# 1391,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/24/2013,3/3/2014,26,104,4,10,6>I am going to join hundreds of others in saying The Mud House is an excellent spot to go for coffee and food! I first discovered them during IndiHop, and have been wanting to go back ever since. I finally made it back today for lunch and can guarantee it won't be my last visit. They serve breakfast and lunch all day which made it hard to decide, but I settled for the turkey wrap which was served warm with a side salad and hit the spot! Plus the portions were huge so I have some awesome leftovers for dinner :) I also got a cup of coffee brewed to perfection and decided last min to get some little mini muffins which the cashier gave me on the house! The staff was so friendly. The ambiance also deserves a nod, it is perfect for a breakfast/brunch/lunch date or studying. I will definitely have to return in the near future to do some writing.
<review# 1392,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/20/2014,3/2/2014,109,66,6,9,6>I had been wanting to try this restaurant for a while so it seemed like the perfect spot for a friends dinner, especially as we've all been out of town for a few weeks. I really liked the interior decor and the Bar in the middle stood out especially with the huge barrels decorating the top. It was very spacious inside and the staff was very attentive and helpful throughout the dinner.It took our group of 5 a little while to order but we ended up ordering a mix of salads, sushi and Pizzas. I split the Kale salad and it came with radishes, almonds and a goat cheese croquette. I have a deep love for Kale so this was my favorite dish. The leaves were also massaged with a lemony vinaigrette so it wasn't as tough as raw leaves usually are and the goat cheese was delicious. I only wish the cheese came in a larger portion, but then again is there ever enough goat cheese? My friend that ordered the Ceasar Salad said it met expectations and he loved the anchovies in it ( I don't think I would've enjoyed this option as much).For dinner I ordered the Diavolo and it was every bit as cheesy and spicy and delicious as the other reviews. I liked the thin crust and I liked even more that the brick oven was in the open for all to see. It was almost as good the next day for lunch too! :)I tried some of the roasted chicken and it was so moist with a crispy skin crust that left me in wonder. I didn't try the sushi ordered, but all my friends that tried it said it was the best in STL that they've had, echoing what the bartender and the RFT said. I really liked Central Table but I didn't love it... but maybe I will just have to try the lunch menu or brunch ( still am on that quest for the best brunch in STL). After all I am eyeing that pulled pork torta sandwich. :)
<review# 1393,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/7/2013,3/1/2014,238,242,1,10,6>I'd wanted to try Katie's Pizzeria for a while, and finally made it in recently.  The outdoor tables were all taken, so we opted to sit inside.  I'm glad we did because I really enjoyed the décor of this place. I'm guessing Katie's has somewhat of a 1970's theme to it with interesting lighting, wall hangings and a hodgepodge of chairs and bar stools. It's worth a visit for the ambiance alone in my opinion!  Being on a health kick, we decided to go with healthy toppings on our pizzas (is there such thing as healthy pizza?).  I ordered the spicy veggie pizza for $17, and my dining partner opted for the sun dried tomato pizza for $18.  Usually I find veggie and chicken pizzas to be bland and boring, but these two pies were outstanding.  The hand-tossed style crust was perfectly cooked with the right amount of crunchiness, but it was the blend of toppings that made them so good.  The Serrano peppers on the veggie pizza provided the perfect kick to the zucchini, artichokes, arugula, tomatoes and basil with real mozzarella.  I can say it was one of the best veggie pizzas I've ever had.  Equally good was the sun dried tomato pizza, topped with tender roasted chicken, pesto and a combo of mozzarella and goat cheese.  I'm still craving another slice of this one! I was also lucky enough to get the leftovers of both pizzas and had them for lunch the following two days.  Is it odd that I even loved it cold? I can't believe this place has been open for 5 years and I finally tried it for the first time! The only concern I have is that Katie's is up for sale according to the local press.  Fortunately I hear that Katie had a very successful Kickstarter campaign and is opening a new location in the future.  She should really be in Downtown St. Louis in my opinion! 5 stars for excellent pizza!
<review# 1394,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/15/2013,2/28/2014,41,159,3,8,7>What a great collection of spices and butters, and a gluttony of other items as well?!One of my favorite finds here was the Goose Poop Relish which has to be one of my favorite new finds in St. Louis.  I first discovered it a few weeks ago in Soulard at the Farmer's Market.  Having a shop nearby that carries this product just makes my day!My in-laws were on the hunt for some apple butter, and were able to find several options here, as well as a samples display for one of the options.  The apple butter was not the only thing on display for a taste, as I also saw the Goose Poop (both spicy and regular), a snickerdoodle cookie dip, and a salsa all open for a taste!If you do any cooking or baking at all, Olde Town Spice Shoppe is a must do stop in your trip to Old Town.
<review# 1395,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/6/2013,2/27/2014,44,123,7,13,6>This little gem is the epitome of a restaurant that does just a few things, but does them very, very well!  Sandwiches, pizza, wings, salads, capiche?!  For around $7.00 US American Currency (Sacagawea gold dollars accepted also) I got a Buffalo Chicken wrap, and since I had a mighty hunger I tacked on an order of fries (big mistake).  The wrap was actually (2) wraps.  So imagine an 8" griddle toasted flour tortilla stuffed with shredded white meat chicken, lettuce, tomatoes, cheese, and somewhat mild wing sauce.  Now imagine two of them.  That is what you get in one order.  My hunger sated I am now on the brink of a food coma of epic proportions.  People at work are starting to stare as my eyes glaze and my computer chair groans under my recent weight gain.  The staff is extremely friendly and helpful, the decor is warm and inviting, and the food will rock you in a cradle until you fall asleep by the fire on your grizzly bear throw rug.Go there.
<review# 1396,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/12/2013,2/26/2014,144,692,1,10,8>I'd read about Robust WG and MX, so knew about the number system: #1 bubbly; #2, white, "crisp" light-bodied; #3 white, "mellow" medium-bodied; #4 white "luscious" full-bodied; #5 red, "soft-hearted" light-bodied; #6 red, "generous" medium-bodied; #7 red, "robust" full-bodied; #8 white, "sweet." Like a paint-by-number scheme, you're depending upon someone else's judgment, in this case, about what the taste and menu pairings "should be." But, for most of us, it's a helpful starting point. And, as confidence develops, you can make your own choices.On my visit, which probably will go down as the last extreme heat evening of the 2013 season ...FIRST COURSE: I paired a "Blondes-Have-More-Fun" Flight (2011 Case Ibidini, Italy; 2011 Saint Leocadie, France; 2010 Chaumette, Chardonel Reserve, St. Genevieve, MO) with Robust Chowder (Gulf Rock Shrimp, Corn, Spanish Chorizo, Andouille Sausage with Diced Potatoes, Sweet Peppers, and Onions), while my dining companion had the chowder with the flight of "Platinum Blondes." Since I didn't snap a photo of that flight, the blondes shall remain nameless. SECOND COURSE: After 45 minutes of conversation, my companion decided to try the Roasted Mushroom Flatbread (Trio of Mushrooms, Roasted Garlic Purée, Mozzarella Cheese, topped with Arugula, Sherry Vinaigrette, and shaved Parmesan), while I went with a second flight "Soft, Sexy, Sassy" (the best of which was the 2011 Pali "Riviera" Pinot Noir, Sonoma Coast), paired with Hanger Steak, medium-rare (and Au Gratin Potatoes, Frisée Salad with Rosemary-Tomato Demi-glace).A two-course, ninety-minute experience was enough for a weeknight.  Service was excellent, with a great explanation of the menu at the beginning, and a smiling expression of gratitude at the end. A few additional random impressions:*PARKING and APPROACH: From the perspective of someone who values convenient parking and a pleasant pedestrian approach, I think Robust occupies the best space on Main St. E'ville, except for Laurie's Place. If you can't find parking on the street, use the parking area "out back" on the east side of the building. There's an awning labeled Robust above both the back and front doors, though you have to go "front" to the Main Street side to find the host/hostess. *PRICING: If and when I go to a wine bar, I most value the opportunity to sample several new wines. Therefore, Wednesday evening was a good time to try flights, since that's when they're 15% off. Regular pricing (before discount) on our flights, advertised as 3 glasses, 3-oz. pours: $16 for "Blondes Have More Fun," $23 for "Platinum Blondes," and $23 for "Soft, Sexy, and Sassy" Pinot Noir. Ultimately, my satisfaction depends quite a bit on my personal opinion of taste and value, a very subjective thing. For me, there was one wonderful glass -- the Pali "Riviera" Pinot Noir.
<review# 1397,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/2/2013,2/25/2014,46,164,1,11,7>Olio is a great new addition to the city scene in an off the beaten path location that deserves a hotspot.  I love to see a business invest in an area that others might see as sketchy, which is how our great city continues to improve.  Olio even took a step further, using an old gas station and garage to build their bar and restaurant, repurposing quality materials and classic architecture.  The result is a hip, fun, and intimate landmark.  The bar side, Olio, is the old storefront of the space.  A glass door and large panel windows add light and dimension into the otherwise smaller space, creating a bright but cozy space.  Pro bartenders plus a thoughtful cocktail, wine, and beer list create an outstanding selection.  Many drink options are from spots around the globe that are new to me, such as Lebanon.  I love to try new drinks and learn about global offerings, and the staff here knows how to sell and explain these items.  The limited menu of small tastes is perfect with a glass of wine.  I love to just sample some cheese and cured meats, but have also ordered various dips, tartines, and salads.  They use bold and textured ingredients like high quality seafood, Mediterranean and North African spices, creamy legumes, spicy & crunchy house made nuts, and tangy goat cheese.  They are creating food that tastes and feels good to eat.  So far, I am only missing out on trying the brunch menu, and I am eager to try that.  The prices are reasonable- certainly not inexpensive, but priced just right for the quality and service.  They do have limited parking in the front lot, which is great if you are lucky enough to nab one.  They also have valet, which is a nice touch for those not familiar with the area or maybe a little nervous about the burgeoning neighborhood.
<review# 1398,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/3/2013,2/24/2014,213,311,,7,7>For being quite a ways from where I live, Circle 7 is a place I would make the drive to hang out at. Its got tons of TVs, plenty of seating options, a decent nightlife scene in the bar area without getting too crazy for Ballwin, and a lovely beer selection including table taps. I don't what it is about table taps, but I still think they are so cool! Not having to wait for someone to bring you another beer is always going to make me happy!Anyway, we came here for a Cardinal's playoff game and surprisingly had excellent service as well as a great time. I would definitely say it is a fun place to catch a sports game. As for the food, I enjoyed the fish tacos. They have an extensive menu as well as a huge gluten free section.If you are looking for someplace cool to hang out in the county definitely check out Circle 7. I will definitely be hanging with some friends here again soon!
<review# 1399,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/25/2013,2/23/2014,305,185,5,10,7>Really impressive new kid on the block in the CWE! A welcome addition in the old Duff's building, Cucina Pazzo has made beautiful use of this space with its huge dining room and open kitchen. The bf and I headed here for an impromptu brunch, and we were entirely won over by the warm and gracious staff. Seriously, everybody was on their A-game yesterday, from our server (shoutout to Kelsey!) to the guy filling our water to the manger, who came out to personally answer some inquires I had as to the origin of the eggs (such beautiful bright orange yolks!), a total yuppie move on my part, I know. Out of everything we ordered, the steak and eggs Benedict was the real winner- I have 0 complaints about that dish, totally flawless. We also got the açai berry yogurt and granola, which was good but VERY modest in terms of portion size. The espresso was great, perfectly done. I wish I could have tried their boozy beverages, but alas, I had a workout planned for the afternoon and I'm not a very coordinated runner even minus the alcohol. I can't wait to go back here and taste the rest of Cucina Pazzo's delicious menu!
<review# 1400,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/4/2014,9/1/2014,57,258,1,5,5>I had the privilege of attending their soft opening. The day has finally arrived! The place is in a great location in Soulard -- across the street from Bogarts and connected to iTap and Epic. It is large and beautiful and has two great garage doors they can open up on perfect days. Most importantly, their food and drinks are spot on. I'm big fan of the original Mission as well as Milagro. Everything I tried was every bit as good.They're going to unofficially open their doors to the public tomorrow. If you can't wait a few days I suggest popping your head in for a milanesa torta or duck taco.
<review# 1401,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/10/2014,8/31/2014,67,190,1,11,6>Went to soft opening last week for Blood and Sand members-flawless. Got the sub (terrific), and fingerling potatoes (love the dipping sauces). Today I sat outside and got the double burger (good but very messy, ask them to cut it and perhaps get the aioli on the side). The hummus is unique and terrific. A few small issues today, that were rectified quickly. Adam and TJ have done it again. Beautiful space, setting, and gracious service-just like Blood and Sand.  No cocktails, though.
<review# 1402,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/23/2014,8/30/2014,22,76,3,7,5>Short: Great FREE zoo in the middle of St Louis. Perfect half day activity for the kids.Long: Its an awesome zoo to begin with, but making it FREE really is what puts it above and beyond other zoos I've been to.Like most zoos out there, the animals aren't available all the time at all times of days. At most places I'd pay, I'd be disappointed that I didn't get to see everything, but with this zoo being free, you really can't complain. You'll just have to come back in a week or so and whatever animal you were interested in would be available then. Everything is very clean, the place isn't overly aggressive trying to sell you things. If you live around the area, one thing that I would recommend is the soda souvenir cup. Its about $9 initially, but once you buy it, if you bring it back, its only $1 for a refill. Awesome deal for the summer. We try to go once every week to two weeks and love it. Highly recommend.
<review# 1403,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/30/2014,8/29/2014,144,692,4,7,4>Hotel restaurants can be really bad. One of the reasons, I imagine, is the constant turnover of patrons, and the sense among staff that there are no regulars, with everyday a new landscape of mysteriously high expectations.  My experience of Provinces was unusual, but pretty good. I entered the door off the back parking lot, and immediately was engaged in conversation by a guest, who seemed lonely for attention, and in five minutes told me more than I intended to hear, more than I needed to hear after a 45-minute drive w/ no caffeine.Once settled at my table for eight, I enjoyed the pot of hot coffee, and conversation with tablemates. Service was a little slow, but the fact that our party arrived over the course of 30 minutes probably confused the server. Once it arrived, the food was very good, like four-star good, more than I expected for an early morning hotel breakfast.  My advice: tell the server up front exactly when you want to order, and how much time you have before you need to leave. Servers seemed friendly enough, and think would do their best to accommodate requests.
<review# 1404,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/4/2014,8/28/2014,73,136,4,12,6>Seriously awesome brunch with lovely live music!While the brunch buffet is small, it has all of the basics and was all high quality. Eggs/crust less like quiche, potatoes, sausage, bacon & Crème BruleFrench Toast (OMG) plus a cold table with fruits, cold salads and pastries. Coffee and iced tea included for $14.95.The front dining area is super small - window seats plus essentially 4 tables and a few seats at the coffee bar. There is a large back room, however I would not recommend that seating for brunch. One of the perks of this brunch is the nice, live music - which you can't hear in the back. There was also no other music in the back room so it was oddly quiet. We sat there for about half a plate of food and moved up front.Dr. Dan the Pancake Man is also a marvel! Seriously, bring in a picture of just about anything  or just tell him what you want and he can make it happen in pancake form. He does have a tip jar, so make sure to tip!They do have a large front patio but the day we went it was too hot to sit outside.This is a true local business and the super nice H&W owners (John & Cindy) are also the chefs and give off a nice, laid back vibe.                We were treated to an impromptu show at the end - a saxophone player joined the guitar player (sorry for not remembering names) and Cindy (owner) =  all of a sudden we were listening to a beautiful rendition of Stand by Me and a few other tunes.Really nice touches and fantastic atmosphere, will be back for sure...this coming from someone who usually only does brunch if booze is involved. ;)
<review# 1405,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/16/2014,8/27/2014,59,75,2,5,4>I am a bona fide bath and body aficionado and particularly love local, small businesses where you find unique scents and quality homemade products. Maven fits the bill on all accounts and is in fact, my new favorite shop for bath and body products!I visited the cute shop recently with my sister and I spent a good 20 minutes just on the one side of the store. There offer a large variety of scents and they have basic products that can come in most, if not all, scents. The types of products they offer are candles, body lotion, body scrub, solid lotion, bath bombs, and soap. My fav scents at the moment are Sookie (sweet magnolia blossoms and gardenia) and  Salty Sea Air (Fresh saltwater, sea kelp and ozone). I bought a soap and lotion as well as a gift (Don Draper is perfect for the Mad Men fans!). The soap was a whopping $9, so I don't know if that will be my stop for soap, but the rest of the prices are reasonable for what you get (read: good quality). I really wanted a candle, but wanted to pace myself; plus, that will give me another reason to visit again soon :-) They also offer some eclectic products like greeting cards, funny and thoughtful quotes on magnets and stickers, and even repurposed razors.I hope they have seasonal scents or new scents regularly as I'd love to see more of what they come up with. My request: more products and more scents. I'm addicted!
<review# 1406,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/10/2014,8/26/2014,57,59,3,7,5>I love this place! Any place that's not at all stuffy and the food is just amazing is awesome!! Let your server give you every last special. I don't know why but each time I come I plan on getting something and they talk me into some other deliciousness. I'm sorry I'm a carnivore so I can't speak for vegetables but ...OMG.. is their meat not one of the top five best things I've ever put in my mouth. Also for the 21 and up crowd - they make their own cherry flavored vodka. It is the sneakiest most delicious hooch. Be careful.
<review# 1407,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/6/2014,8/25/2014,49,70,7,6,7>I really don't like coffee.  It's not that I don't like the taste, it's just that I really don't care for the whole coffee culture.  Nothing is more eye-roll-inducing than a Starbucks packed to the gills, full of people drinking coffee-flavored milk and pretending to be working on their computers, when in reality, all they are doing is organizing their mp3 collection.So why do I like Sump?  Because it's everything that Starbucks is not.  Because it's like a coffee house you'll find in places where coffee is respected, and not seen as an excuse for treating a cafe like your living room on a rainy Saturday afternoon.I don't understand half of the stuff in there, but the owner is unquestionably proud of the operation he has built, and is excited to share it with his customers, even ones like me who are not well-versed in beans and brew.  I go to Sump not so much for the coffee, but to enjoy the experience of sampling something that comes from the wholehearted investment and impassioned craftsmanship of another, and to learn a little something in the process.  And I have yet to walk away disappointed.The coffee is very good, and even someone who isn't a connoisseur can recognize the profound difference between what Sump offers and the stale stuff that's sitting in your break room.  For those of you who love coffee, Sump is sure to be nothing short of nirvana.We need more places like Sump, where craft is king, and where the customer is expected to employ the same care and consideration for the product as those who are tasked to prepare it.  A place where you are not just a consumer, but a willing and interested participant.I can see your average Starbucks customer being turned off by the sheer geekiness and intensity of it all.  They just want to order their venti iced mocha cinnamon skim latte to go and be out the door without a second thought.  Sump is not that kind of place.  And that's exactly why I like it.
<review# 1408,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/12/2014,8/24/2014,41,159,3,8,4>We just had a birthday dinner here for my wife, reserved the family room here and had an overall good time.  One of the owners came by once our entire party showed and brought extra tables in just to give us a bit more room, which was very much appreciated.  I think the highlight of the night was the cake made by the owners wife.  It was a white cake with a layer of strawberry filling and home made icing.  It was one of the best cakes I have ever had, and was a big hit all up and down the table.  The good news is that they will make just about any flavor of cake you want, and the server even said if you call ahead and know you will want a certain type of cake, they will make it and serve it by the piece, and just add the rest to the dessert cart for other patrons that day!  How cool is that??!Cake and customer service grabs that final star for Three Families.  Fantastic!
<review# 1409,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/8/2014,8/23/2014,457,314,10,16,9>Just came home from The Shack.  This location has been many things the last being a Mexican restaurant.  I don't think it will be anything else unless the owners close it because they are tired of making money.  They have hit a home run here.  West County has very few breakfast places and this fits the bill perfectly.  I have read the reviews of fellow Yelpers and I think we as Yelpers may have created a monster.  Not everyone reads Yelp but we tend to tell people who tell people who come.  This place was crowded and deserved to be crowded.I ordered The slinger and a side of biscuits and gravy only because Steve B had a side of biscuits and gravy in his review.  The Slinger for the people who are not from St. Louis is first layer hash browns, second layer hamburger patties, third layer chili, and topped by eggs.  Yikes the thing is filling beyond belief and so tasty.  The menu is huge so come hungry and get some great food.
<review# 1410,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/6/2013,2/2/2014,154,611,2,10,8>I was nearby at the Botanical Gardens and was driving by so I decided to stop and check it out. Their stuff is beautiful and I am a sucker for a bakery! I walked in a bit apprehensive of the attitude that Steven described below, but I'm convinced it must have been an off day, or someone read it and changed their ways. I got over the top SUPER friendly, super helpful service from the moment I walked in! I was greeted and then talked to and helped by ladies behind each of the two counters. I selected a croissant - the last one, WOOHOO! I am a sucker for those. I wanted to get something sweet but not big, so I selected a chocolate cupcake with salted caramel icing. The gal helping me suggested that if I like those flavors, maybe I'd like the verrine, which is a layered small cup of deliciousness, including chocolate mousse and salted caramel (see my photo). I was happy that she recognized my tastebuds and decided to get that instead, since a cupcake is a bit boring! The croissant was AMAZING. THE BEST I've probably ever had. So perfectly rich and buttery, not so flaky that it went all over but just enough. Wow. I can't wait to go back just for more! You may need to go early - I think I got the last one around 11am on a Saturday (maybe they were making more though). The verrine - WOW. So rich and creamy! I couldn't eat it all in one sitting, despite it being small. This suggestion knocked it out of the park for sure. They have high tea on Saturdays, which I definitely want to try soon! I know I'll be back for more gorgeous baked goods and of course, croissants!
<review# 1411,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/10/2013,2/1/2014,98,1037,13,7,6>I'm a big, fat, out of shape Mexican American.  Exercise for me consists of softball & golf... with plenty of beer.  Needless to say, my current regimen wasn't leading to positive results.My best friend is slim, trim, and centered.  She suggested I join her and her daughter for yoga.  I pride myself on trying new things, so I decided to give it a go.What she neglected to tell me is that she goes to the 90 minute bikram class.  Basically, you're doing the advanced moves with experts in a 100 degree room.  Fuck my life.Upon entering the studio, I met the instructor.  I told her that I've overcommitted myself.  She was VERY reassuring.  She said that I could slow down at any time, or sit out a pose or two.  Now I was thinking... was I supposed to study the yoga poses ahead of time?  FML x2.I won't get into the gory details on how the class went.  But I will cover a few facts... Yoga is hard.  If you've played sports your whole life, you will still probably struggle with this at first.  It's less about strength and effort, and more about balance and focus.  It works out muscles that you didn't know you had.  Even though you never move more than a few inches you will sweat like a hog... at least in the hot yoga classes.  At one point during the class you will have to choke back a fart.  Your lower intestine isn't used to being worked around like this.  There will be a few hot chicks in class but you will have no ability to even look around.  If you do, you will probably fall over since you're on one leg, with your arms twisted about each other trying your best to look like a tree.  There are mirrors, which means that at a few times during the class you will catch a glimpse of how you look in the mirror.  It took every extra ounce of energy I had not to fall over and laugh.  After class, you'll feel exhausted, yet aligned.  Physically, I felt like I do after an indoor soccer game... a little lightheaded, overheated, and ready for a beer.Fast forward to today.  I've now been to Prana twice in a week.  I was better the second time around.  I enjoy it.  It's a challenge but fun.  The Prana instructors are dolls.  While everyone is attempting the same poses, they're clear in their instruction.  And their instruction varies based on your fitness level.  She made sure I knew what to do if I couldn't do the whole pose.
<review# 1412,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/12/2013,1/31/2014,15,56,1,7,4>Usually the first stop on my Hill sojourns! They do have an ATM in the shop, so I fail to understand why so many reviews say 'cash only.' It costs $1.50 and they give you change from your order. Now that's out of the way, let's talk pastry. My biggest weakness is the croissant-like cheese Danish. So perfectly constructed - each has the right amount of chewiness to go with a perfectly-sized portion of cheese and not too much, but just enough, frosting. YUM! There are also gooey butter and cherry cheese versions. The blueberry muffins are another favorite and the lemon poppyseed muffins are a sure bet. So many delectable pastries to choose from, so little belly space!They have a great many pound cakes and stolens of various flavors and seem to have a few different specials each time I visit. Their cheesecakes and pies are all available by the slice and are not to be missed for sure. Lots of cookies to choose from too. And don't forget that they have some really good bread loafs and rolls. Oh, and cannoli too!Finally, if you ever wanted to make your own pizza, they sell a really good dough ball for just a couple of dollars. Ask any of the family workers how to make it and they will help you out! Really nice people.
<review# 1413,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/22/2013,1/30/2014,58,205,2,6,6>Only a weekend into its life and it seems like the new Tutti Frutti already has most of the kinks worked out. An expansion of the well-liked Delmar location, the Central West End store off of Laclede is a half-block off of the beaten path that is Euclid, but is a little quieter because of it.Recipe preferences aside, the biggest difference between this and the FroYo shop a few blocks to the north on Maryland really does seem to be location. Both shops are bright (Tutti Frutti struck me as a little more colorful), clean and modern with small footprints and limited seating. Both shops offer a variety of rotating frozen yogurt flavors as well as the option to add candy, nuts, fruit, etc. that are weighed by the bowlful to calculate a final price. Even that (the regular price) is about the same. Both shops offer loyalty cards along with insider deals and specials.You'll find a few menu differences (I've never known FroYo to offer waffles and probiotic add-ins weren't being prominently advertised at TF), but other than this and a personal preference for one shop's texture or a particular flavor offered: you really can't go wrong by choosing the nearer shop....except perhaps in the winter.The hot chocolate here's a standout value: served to go in a nondescript paper cup, the 12-or-so ounces were topped with whipped cream and served very, very warm. Creamy, simple and sippable, this is the sample that you should really ask for until it warms up outside. If hot chocolate (or their interpretation of it) doesn't work for you: a smoothie, waffle or one of the frozen yogurt flavors hopefully will.Note:* Tutti Frutti's website for St. Louis is limited, but updates are readily available on the Tutti Frutti St. Louis Facebook page. Both the Delmar and CWE stores are posting to the same spot currently.
<review# 1414,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/4/2014,1/29/2014,95,111,7,9,6>Oh, Nora. You are my the love of my lunch life. This is one of my favorite places to get lunch in STL. I went there for lunch this week. This was the second time I went. The problem with finding a restaurant and items you love is that you don't want to try anything else. This is me and Nora's. Both times I got their KILLER Tomato Basil Soup and their Turkey Tamm. One of the best things about Nora's is that is you can tailor it to the lunch you want to have. Let me give you a scenario--Nora's can give a delicious and satisfying meal to the dieter, the gluten free, the vegetarian, and that kid who wants to eat like it's his last. How great is that.Overall: take your kids, take your wife, 'cause everybody's getting a good sandwich over here.
<review# 1415,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/29/2013,1/25/2014,37,84,8,20,6>After reading so many conflicting reviews, I decided I needed to check this place out for myself. Sort the fact from the fiction... Plus? My friend Maren was featured on their show. I will admit the fact that they called a Mark & James by Badgley Mischka dress on their show a plain Badgley Mischka dress, left me a little weary... but other than that I went in with an open mind.Anyway. Firs impression was that the space was a decent size. However, that quickly turned into wishing things were laid out better. I also think they could stand to have someone come in and show them how to better merchandise their wares. I think some built-in racks would do SO much good as they could be double stacked. I get they have those MASSIVE windows, but there are ways to work with that as I also think that would allow for a proper window display... I rather hope someone from WCE reads this and takes note - heck I'd even be willing to do a consult for free telling them how to best utilize the space. I've worked retail (and as a merchandiser) long enough to know that how things are displayed (even on discount merchandise) impacts sales. You have to be able to find stuff to purchase stuff.Each section (tops, skirts, dresses, etc) is done by color -- which reads: discount/Goodwill - which is NOT what I think these ladies are after (and should NOT be after as they have some really nice stuff). I was there for a dress and (again) I feel like there are better ways to merchandise the dresses. By style (aka event), designer, etc. I was looking for Alice and Olivia and was rather disappointed to have to search so hard... their Alice and Olvia selection wasn't that great either - mostly things you'd find on sale at Nordstroms... the cheaper Alice and Olivia, not the double-take. There were some nice things though. The ones that are higher end are labeled as "designer" though I thought some things were arbitrarily marked as that (with that special hanging tag) and some not marked (though I thought they should have been). It's also interesting that some are mixed in with the regular items and a lot are separately grouped in a designer section. The sales associate that helped me had spiky black hair, middle aged (not quite a Golden Girl), and was super nice. She grabbed my stuff, asked my name, and got a fitting room ready for me. We also talked about my shoes (Jeffrey Campbell Skates)I like hands free shopping, so I appreciated her starting me a fitting room. I also liked her conversational style.The fitting rooms were actually nicer than I expected. A bit small, but nice. Very boutique reminiscent. When I was done, I walked out and was instructed to leave what I didn't want behind... I was debating heading over to the shirts or looking at the bags, but my dress was placed on the register for me by the associate that helped me.While at the register Sue (I only know from the two episodes of their show I watched) was asked to pose for a picture with two ladies from out of town. Right before they actually took the picture, she noticed me and was like, "one second," and came over to talk to me about my shoes and outfit. Apparently I am adorable and should be in their windows. It was completely unsolicited as I didn't say anything to prompt her doing that. I blame the fact that I was about to head to work for it. To break this LONG LONG review down:1) Treasures abound, but you have to hunt. Worth the hunt though!2) THEY NEED TO GET A MERCHANDISER IN THERE!! I would seriously do it for free as I can see the potential there and it saddens me to see Alice and Olivia treated in such a way...3) Prices are decent, not super cheap, but definitely not pricey (though I might be jaded by regular retail prices)4) The staff was super kind to me. SUPER sweet.5) I went at 10:20ish and there were maybe 5 or 6 other shoppers there, so not too bad6) I wish they had more clothes like what I see on TV... the cocktail dresses of my dreams might have been there though, just not merchandised well..6) Overall pretty decent experience and Sue (and the black spiky haired sales associate) was (were) just so incredibly kind to me
<review# 1416,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/2/2013,1/24/2014,38,121,4,6,4>If I was to get a bruise or cut, this is the place I want to do it.  Where else can you go that allows you to climb through dangerous, winding mangles of metal with little protections?As an adult, I have wanted to go here for awhile, but thought it would be creepy to come here without kids.  So now my son is getting older and I took my daughter and ten year old nephew too.  It was packed not surprisingly for a Friday.  Almost immediately I lost the two boys outside.  I mean, you can only keep up so much climbing through these passages as an adult.  Most places I would not attempt in fear of getting stuck.  I was surprised to see a lot of adults larger than me crawling through such tight places, much braver than I.After about an hour and a half outside, we ventured inside.  The caves were awesome.  I can imagine being a kid crawling though the caves and going down the ten story slide as being so much fun.  I really love how they have bucked the trend of being overly safe like so many other places.  Obviously no one wants their kids to get hurt, but it is refreshing to see such extreme and challenging obstacles.  You need a lot of time to spend here and it was cool to see they serve beer.  I would love to come back with a few other adults and sit with some beers while the kids climb.  I'm not sure if there are other places like this in other cities, but we have a gem here in St. Louis.
<review# 1417,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/1/2013,1/23/2014,120,145,3,11,9>We scheduled a team building incentive at work and decided to give Pole Position Raceway a shot for a fun night.  I used my handy Yelp app to map me to the location which is easy to find off Watson Rd.  The facility has a very large parking lot so plenty of space.  They have a very cool indy car right as you walk in.  The indoor road track is straight ahead of you and the check in counter is to the left.  You do have to fill out a waiver and you are responsible if you drive like a fool and destroy the cart but for the most part, you would have to be pretty careless to destroy one.  (Definitely not saying it can't be done).  They split us into groups and once they call your name you go into a little area that you pick out your helmet watch a video on how to drive the cart.  Once that is done then you are taken to the "Pit Area" to get your car.  They assign a vehicle number to you so it's not a race to pick a cart, you get in the numbered cart that was displayed on the monitor.  The seats are adjustable and they do have a full 5 point seat harness.  Tighten up, you will need it later.  These cars are computer controlled.  Also electric not gas so there are not fumes being indoors which is nice.  Once they start you out of the pits the computer is controlling you speed.  Basically you are about 1.5 mph exiting the pits until all cars are on the track.  Then they will release you to fly around the track.  Surprisingly the cars are pretty fast for what you would normally expect out of a "Open to the public" go carts.  These are race carts.  You can absolutely spin the cart out or slide into the wall (done it) because of the speed going into a corner.  You very much have to finesse the car around the track to hold a fast speed.  It is set up similar to the real thing.  We purchased the 3 session package, which means 1 practice session, 1 qualifying session and 1 race session.  You can have an additional practice session if you wish, for a fee of coarse.Anyway, had a great time.  Can't wait to go back.  If you go, let me know if you can beat my lap of 26.80!!!
<review# 1418,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/31/2013,1/22/2014,65,153,7,8,5>Stupid, stupid refrigerator.  Why must you look pretty, but decide to perform poorly?  You're like the Channing Tatum of kitchen appliances...Our fridge was acting stupid.  It was working sometimes, and then not working other times.  Our freezer would freeze...then nothing.  Pretty, pretty, stupid.We scanned the web and found All American Appliance Service.  This place was great.  They had a coupon online that offered a free service call if your repairs are over $49--which they honored.  The tech came out and gave us two scenarios: either the fridge was busted (new fridge, ugh) or a switch was busted and needed to be replaced (Ugh, but only $150).Here's the great thing.  He ordered the $150 part and came out and fixed the fridge, but IF the part wouldn't have worked, he simply would have charged us the $49 fee for coming out, so we wouldn't be out the cost of the new part.  Of course, we would also be looking for a new fridge...but that wasn't their fault.It was a relief to know that if we had to buy a new fridge that we also wouldn't be paying for a new part. However, in the end, the fridge was fixed, and all was happy in the kingdom.
<review# 1419,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/12/2013,1/21/2014,10,68,,10,5>Knocked it out of the park!I've bought flowers from Walter Knoll before, but and have been wanting to give them a wonderful review, but this time they out did themselves.I went in and soon was greeted by Beverly who ask me what she could do for me. I told her the idea, big welcome home and I wanted to get a wonderful arrangement. I have done roses, Stargazers, Tulips, and a few others, but wanted something a bit "different" this time.Beverly walked me back into the refrigerator and spent time with me going over everything they had. She was really helpful in explaining anything I didn't catch onto. I ended up selecting both white and the newly delivered red Asiatic lilies.When I told her how many I was getting, about 10-12 stems of each, she told me she would give me the wholesale pricing which was really nice as it lowered the cost and still allowed me to get about 60 total flowers in the bouquet. In addition to finding a vase that would fit this near small tree (about 3' in diameter), she also gave me another 25% off on top of everything else. It was a wonderful experience and I will be going back! The overall price getting wholesale was much cheaper then I had spent at other places just getting a dozen roses, and this was three times the flowers.Thanks Beverly!p.s. To say the flowers went over well would be a massive understatement, I was very happy and I go back for more from them, everyone was really happy with the arrangement in general.
<review# 1420,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/1/2014,4/23/2014,139,268,4,7,4>The Hot Pot is that "ish" as the young people phrase it. The hubby was down & out with the flu so I used my handy yelp app to locate fresh smoothies that weren't from McD's. I was pointed west and proceeded without haste.Upon entry I found local art adorning the walls, including some old pin ball machines chopped up to look like art...not sure how I feel about that...especially if they are for sale. At any rate, there were tons of interesting things to look at, including the menu. The menu is written in chalk on the ever so trendy chalk board paint, which is handy for many reasons, such as crossing things off as they are 86ed and being widely visible for everyone in line. (There will be a line, but it's pretty efficient).Choices are as follows:  pick a carb (Thai noodles, rice noodles, Brown rice or sweet potatoes), pick a protein (shrimp, crispy pork, spicy beef, tofu, maybe chicken...can't remember), pick from a variety of fresh veggies and finish it off with a sassy Asian sauce. Then grab a seat & stare at the wall art for about five to ten minutes...And then, boom. A huge, beautifully hand-crafted pottery barn bowl filed with fresh, delicious goodness is in your face. Never get ten dollar take out again, unless from hot pot. The portion is remarkable. Change nothing.I've tried the spicy beef with Thai noodles, all the veggies & misoyaki sauce. You bet your sweet ass I dominated that entire bowl of goodness... or like 90% of it and the rest a few hours later. It was amazing. I added a touch of their house made hot sauce... I'll never look back. I also tried the hubs crispy pork with rice noodles & curry sauce. It was also good but needed more curry to be a winner. The smoothies were yummy, as was the cucumber lemonade. Word of advice:  cucumber lemonade it's not meant to be in an Arnold Palmer. Just sayin. Btw, never have I ever visited a public restroom with the recycled t.p. I mean, that's pretty rad. Keep doing your thing, Hot Pot. I'll be back.
<review# 1421,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/6/2014,4/22/2014,90,156,6,7,7>When my boyfriend and I went on our first date, he insisted upon asking me foodie questions (points for him, because clearly, I'm a foodie!) and one of the first questions he asked me was "Best Burger?!". I was kind of stumped... I sat there for a moment, thinking back to the last time I had had an ACTUAL cheeseburger. I have been watching my girlish figure pretty solidly (until I met him and we started going out to eat all of this amazing food. Just kidding, dear, don't worry, I am not going to let myself go.) for a good long while and so it is a rare occasion when I had a cheeseburger!I certainly couldn't answer "Wendy's... I like Wendy's. They are nice!" (He probably wouldn't be dating me.)So, I had to think long and hard, and the last REALLY good burger I had had was at The Block in WG. Very good burger, but the burger seemed... a little pretentious at The Block. I don't know if that is the right word. But there it was, it was a deliciously pretentious burger with a serious tab to show for it. There's a place for that kind of burger.But a charred hunk of meat with good melted cheese, crisp lettuce and table condiments? I had not had such a thing in quite some time... (I was at JFK flying out to head to Africa and we were all starving, quite to death, so I grabbed a cheeseburger from The Shack near my gate - and THAT was a good burger, no lying.) He took me to O'Connell's, since that was his response to the foodie question of "Best burger?!". He took me there on a Saturday evening for an early dinner. We each got the burger and french fries. However, beforehand we shared a salad with the Mayfair dressing. (He had told me about it on more than one occasion before tonight and I was relatively intrigued).  I had NEVER had Mayfair dressing!! Hello? Where have you been all my life, Mayfair dressing? You knew that I loved zesty tangy sauces that make lettuce a happy experience to eat?? Why didn't you find me!?The burger was cooked exactly how I liked it. The cheese was melted (You lose solid stars and get a generally poor review if you serve me a burger with a cold slice of cheese on it, or an unmelted one in general, shows a lack of attention, restaurant owners, watch out for me.) and the lettuce was crisp and cold, and pickle slices and Heinz ketchup in the glass bottle on the table to-boot. We'll be back. Next time I want my own salad and I think I am relatively intrigued about the roast beef after my good experience with the burger.
<review# 1422,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/16/2014,4/21/2014,95,111,,10,4>To quote my husband, "We usually leave from these kind of places and I am starving or we leave and I think, 'We spent way too much money at  that restaurant.'" At 1111, we were full and our tummies and wallets were happy.My husband's happiness may not sound like a big deal but in the 8 years we have been together, I have never gotten him to really like any 5-star New American restaurant. Sydney Street, no. Vin De Set, nope, Farmhouse, not even close. The service was amazing and the food was incredible. The dish that won over my husband was the trout. The dish that won me over was the mussels. Unique and delectable, I can't (and my husband can't) wait to return. It takes multiple trips to be on my top 5 list but 1111 will be there shortly.
<review# 1423,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/26/2014,4/20/2014,158,287,1,10,6>Well - I went last night for opening night and I thought the atmosphere was funky and fun, the bar is huge, and the food was delicious.  We started off with the Brussels and they were really good, especially the onions.  I had the Red fish, my husband had the burger and my grandma has the pulled pork sandwich.  My red fish was really good, it was a little heavier than I usually eat, but the crayfish and the creamed leeks were very good.  The burger was also good, loaded with cheese, arugula and onions.  The pulled pork was awesome - my grandma enjoyed the whole sandwich!  PLUS french fries.  The fries were good.... it was all good.  I want to go back and try the ribs because they looked really good.  The service was a tad slow, because opening night was pretty busy and a large party came in.  I am excited to back though - really good place for a girls night out!
<review# 1424,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/19/2013,4/19/2014,119,513,4,6,6>I wasn't sure after my first visit, but uh, yeah...they're definitely getting 5 stars from me.  They do excel at making burgers and fries.  I would recommend the Gateway burger with cheddar, bacon, BBQ sauce, and an onion ring or the Breakfast of Champions burger, which has cheese, fried egg, bacon tomato jam, and hollandaise (on the side).  The fries are delicious, but if you're not splitting the burger w/ someone else, you may not have room for fries.Rotating craft beer choices.
<review# 1425,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/28/2014,4/18/2014,527,814,1,29,22>There is a new smokehouse in Saint Louis and I am sure it will set the standard for those that follow. It will also, have our already established BBQ restaurants adjusting their game. WildSmoke has entered the competitive STL BBQ market with an outstanding menu, customer service and atmosphere. My drive from the city to west county was totally worth every mile. Today, I was greeted by a cheerful hostess who thanked me for coming in on their first day and explained the flow of their business. I then went over to the counter to order, I already knew I wanted Burnt Ends, so all I needed to select were my sides. My BE's"s came with two regular sides and I selected Root Beer Baked Beans and on the recommendation of the cashier I choose Sweet Potato Gratin. Being extra hungry (no breakfast) and being a fan of Mac-n-Cheese, I ordered a Premium side of Jacked Up Mac-n-Cheese. Once your order is taken, you're given one of those numbered pagers that sit down restaurants give you when waiting for a table. You then select a table or booth and wait for your food. After a short wait, a friendly runner/server brought my food to the table. My device didn't even vibrate, he just knew where I was. All the sides are made in house and you taste the love and creativity that went in to each of them. The Root Beer is made in house and when it is added to their baked beans, it gives a sweet twisted taste that makes these baked beans taste better then any that I have had at any other BBQ restaurant or backyard BBQ. The Sweet Potato Gratin, deserves its very own star on a culinary walk of fame. The thinly sliced sweet potatoes were layered and topped with a crispy brown sugar top. This side was spicy enough to give my throat a little tingly burn and to have a few beads of sweat appear along my hairline and forehead. I want this recipe! I want it at Thanksgiving and every BBQ meal I enjoy. They were so good, I wonder if I need to create a list for Sweet Potatoes here on Yelp. Their Jacked Up Mac-n-Cheese, is made with traditional small elbow macaroni. It is evenly covered in a rich creamy cheese sauce. I normally like it to be backed, but the flavor is good enough, that I didn't mind. Finally, I have found a BBQ that knows how to serve burnt ends. They serve them as burnt ends, as full pieces of meat. I am so tired of some BBQ joints trying to be creative and dicing and slicing their BE's. They sauce and toss their ends, with just enough sauce to coat them lightly. As I enjoyed the tender pieces of meat, I had no need to add additional sauce. I had the opportunity to meet and chat with the owners. I was also impressed with the hustle and bustle of the staff in making sure the opening day went smooth. I was so impressed with this lunch, I taking a friend back tonight for dinner. I gotta try the ribs, corn on the cob, onion rings, red neck potato salad and of course the Bourbon pecan pie.
<review# 1426,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/11/2013,4/17/2014,156,136,3,5,7>This place is the crown jewel of CWE. It does a great job of creating a classed-up location for pizza with a cool, relaxed atmosphere. The pizza is the same great Pi pizza that keeps tempo with the other locations, but this spot has a little more of the feel of this part of town.Every time we have visitors in town, this is one of the spots that we don't miss. Pretty much any one of the deep dish pizzas will do the trick. It's also great to get everyone going on a "who makes the best Chicago style pizza" debate. I can't make that call, but Pi will definitely start the conversation.
<review# 1427,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/18/2013,4/16/2014,384,258,1,11,8>Headed here on my way home on a Monday.  They have new hours on Mondays from 7-4pm.  This cool coffee house is located in the Grove.  Not sure what happened w/ John on his visit....but when I walked in, I was greeted immediately and complimented on my purse....lol.  I wasn't sure what to get but they were very helpful w/ suggestions.  I ended up ordering the Allspice Latte which was VERY yummy without being too sweet.  The place is very eclectic with all sorts of mix and match furniture and lots of upcycled decorations.  A bit "Hipster" but more in an artsy way....not pretentious.  There is a roomy upstairs area where you can find a cozy corner corner to work on your laptop or maybe bring the little ones to play while you get some much needed cappuccino time. On my way out, I ordered a dirty chai and a Kyoto to go.....along with some loose herbal tea to bring home for later.  Things to note.....there is a parking lot so you can save on the meter ....and you can pay using the Wallet app so leave your wallet at home! I added a few photos so you can see how it looks inside. I'll for sure be back!!!
<review# 1428,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/23/2013,4/15/2014,62,183,2,6,4>Boyfriend suggested stopping in after a long (LONG) day of shopping this weekend. We shared the goat cheese app - very good! It was crusted with craisins, almonds, and honey which gave it a different (i.e. sweeter) taste than most goat cheeses. Very interesting. We also shared a flatbread with grilled chicken, gorgonzola, spinach, tomatoes, and a creamy parm sauce. I felt OK about it. Good not great. Maybe it was too rich?I got the south of the border salad and added grilled chicken. Boyfriend got a chipolte bbq chicken salad. At first glance I thought our salads were basically the same, but they actually had their own unique taste. My salad had chicken, field greens, tomatoes, corn salsa, avocado, crispy tortilla chips, shredded cheddar, and low fat chipolte sauce. YUM! I briefly read their little "our story" card about how they use natural ingredients, recycled products, etc.  Nice touch. I would definitely come back. Moderately priced also.
<review# 1429,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/22/2013,4/14/2014,91,379,,7,6>This place probably deserves 5 stars but holding back for a second visit.  When this place opened I drove by and didn't give it a second thought because it seemed just like another Asian food place taking advantage of an empty space (in this case I think a Jack In The Box) but as it kept appearing around Yelp I placed it in my bookmarks to try and I picked it to meet up with my high school buddy.  Very glad I did because I was nicely surprised by the quality of the food.  I had the rib eye steak tacos, excellent food for sure and served in an aluminum to go bottom that works well at keeping the tacos in place.  They had friendly service and get bonus points for having Norah Jones playing on the Ipod station.  This was not a fast food crowd either; it looked like one that knew what good food is and with the limited space they have they use it well for enough seating.  If it is not on your list yet, put it there.
<review# 1430,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/13/2011,9/8/2011,59,303,5,8,8>I never think about buying socks. Not that I could care less; I should care more... But things like socks need to be sold to a guy like me as an event.And I find it at Sock-It To Me, where all my sock needs can be met. This cute little store a few doors down from Kakao has a wide variety of unique socks, complete with fun prints for very cheap. There's also a line of sports socks, and those funny long socks that you see baseball players wear. I overheard the owner talking about custom socks.Maybe it was the lack of variety in my sock-purchasing habits. I mean, living in the city, and wanting to only buy my clothing in the city, means that I don't have much choice outside of Walgreens or Target or some other chain store for consistent sock-offerings.Now I do. The prices are right. The owner is charismatic, and there's something for everyone.
<review# 1431,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/23/2011,9/7/2011,69,117,1,9,5>So a little background on me, I have awful teeth from years of medical issues and I am also by nature TERRIFIED (generally beyond consoling) of the dentist. Any dentist. The smells of the office, the pain, the condescending remarks about my teeth, the anxiety about where the money will come from. Anything and everything about even considering visiting a dentist makes me want to take a double dose of xanax. After visiting a few dentist with no such luck in the past 2 years I asked my doctor who I trust immensely if he had any recommendations and he gave me Dr. Zora Hanko's name/number. It took me a few days to finally call but when I did I was surprised that i was almost immediately put at ease by the incredibly kind receptionist. I briefly told her my concerns and the level of anxiety I generally have and she actually listened, took note and genuinely seemed to care. This morning I woke up 4 hours before my appointment due to an already increased build up of anxiety. It turns out none of this anxiety was necessary. After sitting in the waiting room for only about 5 minutes I was brought back to the exam room by the dental hygienist. I can not remember her name but she was so sweet and kind. Then Dr. Hanko came in and since she knew how anxious I was, instead of getting straight to work she sat down next to the chair and asked me to tell her about my self, what my concerns with my teeth are and what she could do to make my appointments easier. When I was giving her my information she listened, asked questions when necessary and not once made me feel judged. Then she asked if she could take a look in my mouth. Part way through her examining my teeth I realized for the first time ever I was sitting in a dentist chair and NOT shaking with anxiety. I left the appointment with a plan of action for my crazy teeth, another appointment and absolutely no anxiety in sight. Best. Feeling. Ever.
<review# 1432,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/2/2011,9/6/2011,114,218,,8,5>You did me good half and half.Having seen some of the initial reviews for this place, I was really crossing my fingers. This place is brand spankin' new and I know it takes at least a few months to work out the kinks. Needless to say, I was hesitant to dine here so early on in the restaurant's lifespan. Well, the worry was unnecessary as my dining experience was wonderful!The greatest asset to H&H is their coffee bar concept. Quality Kaldis coffee, an amazing barista, and a bevy of 'spro choices makes all my coffee dreams come true!And the food...the menu is both breakfast and lunch items. It was tough deciding which way I wanted to go because EVERYTHING sounded great and the plates that were rolling out to other tables had me salivating. I finally opted for the omelet with cheddar and brussel sprouts. Brussel sprouts on an omelet? Best. Idea. Ever. My omelet came with a side of roasted potatoes, perfectly seasoned and not greasy. My friend went with the chicken sandwich off the lunch menu. Neither of us left a bite on our plates. The ultimate testament to a great meal (or perhaps, a power hangover).I should also probably mention that our server was excellent and the wait time on food was acceptable.
<review# 1433,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/13/2011,9/5/2011,72,204,,7,4>Wow. I considered giving this restaurant that simple, 3 letter review, but decided it just wouldn't be fair to you, or this fantastic place not to go into detail. Me and 3 others visited Ernesto's as part of the Yelp Eats week. We were not disappointed!! The location is adorable, and a bit small, but we walked in and were seated immediately. We did look like we lowered the average age of the restaurant by a few years, but I can't imagine why more people haven't tried this place?!!The house-made chips with truffle oil were incredible. They were seasoned just right with a bit of a salty kick, crispy, and quite a large portion for an appetizer. My friends really enjoyed the shrimp rouille. As an entree, most of the table decided on the bacon wrapped, prosciutto stuffed chicken and a red-wine risotto. Yes, it was as amazing as it sounds. Seriously one of the best meals I've ever had at a restaurant. As a side note, someone from Yelp must've spelled the menu wrong describing the risotto because it said "corvine" risotto. My very knowledgeable about food/cooking friend and I had never heard of this before, so we googled it. Turns out, corvine means "crow or raven." I don't know about you, but I didn't really plan on trying the "bird of prey" risotto. That's gotta be bad luck or something! As it were, apparently the dish is made with corvina, which is a type of wine. MUCH BETTER!Anyway, back to the meal. For dessert we tried the chocolate lava cake and O.M.G. amazing. The chocolate flavor was decadent and rich, but not so sweet that you'd be sick. My husband who doesn't love "too sweet" desserts practically licked the plate. After I almost did, of course. With the 50% discount, our bill was ridiculously cheap and we left feeling deliciously full. The service was outstanding, the food was outstanding, and I will definitely return. Let's consider this a win, Yelp Eats. Please make this an annual event! I'd love to find a new gem next year!
<review# 1434,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/17/2010,9/4/2011,30,38,3,5,5>This place is perfect, especially for the college crowd.  It opens and closes late at night, so it is actually the perfect place for a study break.  Or, if you're out of that particular age bracket, I would still urge you to go.  It's imperative.  The donuts, they're amazing.I like to consider myself something of a donut gourmet, since I have been eating them since I was a small child on an almost weekly basis.  My father and brother and I have tried them all, in multiple towns, all over America.  Chain, local, community-oriented, probably front for drugs.  You name it, I've had a donut there.  This place is on the top of my list.  First of all, the apple fritters are actually to die for.  Second, they have old fashioneds, which are these odd donuts that not everywhere sees fit to make.  On top of that, they have them covered in chocolate.  I'm sorry, but that's obviously a sign that someone out there loves us all very much.  Third, they aren't trying to be some nice, brunch place.  They have kitschy stuff on the walls unironically, you can see into the back, and the staff will laugh at you, in a good-natured curmudgeonly kind of way.  It kind of feels like home, actually... Last, all of their other donuts (I have been several times... for science...) are also excellent.  And cheap!  A dozen is something around $7, and they are so delicious it is actually shocking.  In brief, go there.  Eat the donuts.  Enjoy the ambiance.  Then get back to that work you're avoiding by going on a donut run in the middle of the night.
<review# 1435,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/24/2011,9/3/2011,238,242,3,15,11>Saint Louis Halal Meat, Grocery & Baba's Restaurant is a great little hidden gem located in a strip mall on Page. You will pass it up if you're not looking for the address. I passed it twice, but finally found it located next to a closed down petro-station (I think it was a Phillips 66). They offer a small selection of Indian & Pakistani grocery items, but the main reason to come here is for the prepared food. (See photos and drool) So anyway, a friend of mine has been on this quest to find the best biryani in St. Louis since he's been missing the good stuff back at home. Biryani is a rice dish, kind of like a pilaf, with spices and can have veggies and/or meat in it. I'm told that there are different kinds of biryani from all over the world, but here at this place the friendly owner was kind enough to explain that they serve Hyderabadi style biryani. I can't tell you the difference between the various types, but I can tell you that it was damn good here at Baba's or whatever you call this place. We tried two different kinds, the goat biryani for $8.99 and the chicken biryani for $7.99. The goat meat was extra tender and delicious with the chicken being equally good. You can also buy this stuff by the tray for take away. A large tray will cost you anywhere from $65 to $120 depending on what kind you get. The trays are huge and feed something like 15 people. I'm planning to order a tray and have a feast at my place one of these days. If you come, don't miss out on the dessert!!! In the refrigerated section, you will find this stuff called Double Ka Meetha (see photo and drool again). It's like a soggy bread pudding with nuts in it, and it's so good! It's packaged up for take away or you can eat it there. I'd suggest eating some there and buying more to take away....yes, it's that good! The grocery store itself has a small selection compared to other Indian-Pakistani stores in the St. Louis area, but they butcher their own meat, and the goat meat is fresh rather than frozen. There's an area of about 3 or 4 tables for eating in, or you can just get it to go. I'd give the grocery section 1 or 2 stars, but the food itself is 5 stars in my book. It's a must try if you love Indian and Pakistani food!
<review# 1436,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/5/2011,9/2/2011,92,237,,6,6>OK ...Seriously?!!!  "The Paristyle" had me at raspberry.  Those last 3 raspberries at the end of that drink are the closest thing to heaven's nectar.  So a tiny bit good in my opinion.We went during their less busy times and  we were welcomed as we sat at the bar to eat.  Great looking place that is not shaped in a box but is all angles for you to feel like you are in 3 very separate areas when you dine. The front looks funky, like you expect a band to start playing and people to start laughing, dancing. It is such cheerful open place. The middle consists of  tables simply aligned for it's simple purpose, that are cloistered in a way that you can have some semblance of semi-private conversation with friends or your mate. The third area, as I see it, is the bar area, that is big, open and inviting. This is such an easy gathering place.I had the Chicken Cordon Bleu and it was delicious. TLDR: The food is great, the drinks are awesome ("The Paristyle" for you raspberry lovers,) and the atmosphere puts you at ease.  This is a great place to check out.  Go and have fun. This is one going on my keeper list, especially for my mid-20/30 something guests that come into town.
<review# 1437,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/25/2011,9/1/2011,85,110,2,4,3>Love it! As soon as I stepped in to Momo's Ouzaria Taverna I was transferred to another place. A place where you get your Greek on!  I started with the HUMUS (chickpea puree with garlic, smoked paprika and lemon). Great flavor and starter to the evening.Next I ordered there SPINACH SALAD (served with walnuts, greek bleu cheese and figs in a honey-balsamic vinaigrette) I was a little skeptical about the figs but the salad was full of flavor and well balanced. Not your typical Spinach Salad but more!For my final course I got the BEEF TENDERLOIN SHISH KABOBS with steamed broccoli. The sauce the Beef Tenderloin sat in was very flavorful. The Beef Tenderloin was tender and very yummy!Finally there was the Baklava which I didn't have but someone at our table had and I have included pictures of it. Two words: Not Right!
<review# 1438,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/2/2011,8/31/2011,23,185,3,5,3>I've always driven by this place near Kingshighway and Tholozan with its protruding Budweiser neon signage and never gave it much thought.  Maybe it was the thought of finding some place to park, or just that I had never really heard about the place before.  I came here Saturday evening for my friend's birthday.  Naturally I arrived before everyone else to scope the place out.  The bar is original and has that typical 1930s/1940s look to it but what was really cool was the use of the mirrors.  Maybe it was the sign behind the bar that said "We don't serve women.  Bring your own." that kind of sold me on the place as well. The bartender was very nice and took my drink order.  I could tell I was hanging out with mostly regulars because they all knew one everyone who walked in, except me of course.  One guy who came in had been drinking probably for a long time but really brought some life into the place just with his smack talk and attitude.  For enduring a little razzing, I got a free beer from a regular which was awesome.  The place is deceptively large and even has a nice partially covered patio outside, but the one thing that stood out to me most was the smell and the food.  This is a BBQ/smokehouse place and it smelled absolutely amazing.  Later in the evening when the rest of the party arrived we all decided to get some food.  I went with the Half-chicken dinner and Macaroni and Cheese as my side.  The chicken was excellent.  You could just pull the meat right off the bone.  It had a nice smoky flavor to it.  The macaroni and cheese was AWESOME! I joked with the waitress if I could get a 5 gallon bucket of it because it was that good.  It was baked with cornflakes on top and a very spicy cheddar blend I think that was just so good.  The girls I was with ended up with appetizers and said that everything was good, thought I wish I had remembered what they ordered.Another friend of mine had the Pulled-pork and he said it was really good as well.I'll have to come back and try this place out again and maybe, when it is cooler, spend a little more time on the patio to take in all the smells.
<review# 1439,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/8/2011,8/30/2011,80,266,13,6,6>If I ever kill someone, get convicted, lose all of my appeals, get frog-marched down to Ol' Sparky or Ol' Lethal Injector (it just doesn't have the same cute nickname though) and get to request my last meal, I'm having Mary and the gang at Mama Josephine's make me a chicken fried steak, fried okra, and some mac 'n cheese--or maybe some sweet potatoes--before I meet my maker. This is comfort food at its finest.
<review# 1440,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/19/2012,8/2/2012,108,53,5,7,8>I'm gonna throw this out there. And if you don't like it, just toss it right back.Benton Park Cafe, I want to be ON you. BPC is made if win - it's right by my pad, close to Soulard, I-55, and Benton Park (that's where they come up with such an original name). You might come here to grab a cup of coffee, hunker down and finish up that short story about zombie space cadets. What you should come here for, and what I want to share with y'all, is their amazing BRUNCH.Mimosas? Check.Mouthwatering menu? Double check.Cucumber water? Super triple motha flippin' check.I recommend their farmer's omelet or the fresh toast. Don't order the fresh fruit as a side, because you definitely don't want to miss out on their potatoes. Not your typical hashbrowns, these breakfast potatoes are loaded with cheese, seasonings, and sour cream. Truly, truly, delicious. I wish they offered a huge bowl of these as an entree because I would straight up destroy it. Coming with a larger group? Make sure to get there during non-peak hours (9am to 11am on weekends) or be prepared to wait a bit for a table. Don't worry, it's totally worth your wait - and they have a good quantity of outdoor seating.
<review# 1441,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/11/2012,8/1/2012,133,63,12,16,7>Very rarely do I order all four horsemen of the foodpocalypse (drinks, appetizer, entree, dessert), but when I do, it's here. Here's why.**DRINKS**The Caipirinha is a drink you will only find at Brazilian restaurants, because it's made with Cachaca, which is Brazilian rum distilled from sugar cane (as opposed to other rums which are distilled from sweet sassy molassey).  They combine this with fresh limes & sugar and you have a sweet & powerful drink that will knock you flat on your ass. Seriously, sip it slowly.  **APPS**The fried yucca wedges are awesome. They're a pretty basic starchy vegetable, but they are fried so perfectly - crispy on the outside, soft on the inside, & come with a curried mayo (i think?) dipping sauce. The various empanadas are also delicious but they will fill you up so quickly so just keep that in mind if you are ordering these with an entree. **ENTREES**ORDER THE NATIONAL DISHI REPEATORDER THE NATIONAL DISHDried beef, pork ribs, sausage, black beans, rice, collards, oranges. It's fierce & flawless.They also have really good specials, my favorite is the seafood stew. It's one of those dishes that is absolutely completely 1000000% good for you but the depth of flavor leaves you with a complex, convincing yourself that healthy food can't possibly that tasty, right?The beef kabobs & the pork loin are also delicious.**DESSERTS**Three little words: Pudim de CocoTheir coconut bread pudding is insane. It's so good. Omg. It's got toasted coconut on it and this soft, almost custard like texture. It kind of reminds me of flan. I'm not even sure it qualifies as bread pudding but it's so delicious that I don't care what it's called.I'm sure there are other desserts but I can't get past the bread pudding.Some things to keep in mind:1. Don't feel like a douchebag just because you can't pronounce any of the entrees. The wait staff is super kind & helpful and can interpret just about any botching of Portuguese.2. A two person dinner that consists of all four horsemen is gonna run around 100$ including  a 20% tip (which you will tip because the staff is amazing.) Now you can easily cut back on the drinks, dessert, etc and save $$ but why would you want to??? Just don't go in here expecting to drop 30$ and then write a Yelp review about how OMG EXPENSIVE IT IS. WHEN YOU USE EXPENSIVE, FRESH INGREDIENTS, YOU CAN'T CHARGE 5$ FOR AN ENTREE PEOPLE.3. For cost savings, check out their Friday happy hour - from 5-7 you can get 5$ caips and free appetizers. I know a 5$ drink doesn't impress the 1$ bud light types, but it's a GREAT discount for the quality of the drink.
<review# 1442,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/11/2012,7/31/2012,36,74,2,6,4>I love the food here, it's fresh and full of wonderful flavors and spices. For the gluten-free eater, I've found the range of those "in the know" to be a bit spotty. Some waitstaff have been very knowledgeable about what is and isn't GF on the menu while others left me with the feeling that I was playing Russian roulette with my health. To be clear, I've never had an incident here - just the lingering feeling that I narrowly escaped it.  That being said, I have happily settled into a few favorites I know are safe and it is a favorite dining spot for me. If you come at peak time expect a wait. Ask a lot of questions about food prep and what is/isn't marinated or stir-fried in soy sauce. Enjoy :-)
<review# 1443,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/23/2012,7/30/2012,44,83,10,10,9>Dear Pint Size Bakery,I'm on to you. You may appear to be an adorable, creative little bakery, but I know you are secretly a conspiracy to make me waste as much of my time as possible. Why else would you locate yourself on the complete opposite end of the city? You knew I would be compelled to drive ridiculous distances to satisfy my savory scone cravings.Well, you were right.I suspected something was afoot the moment I walked into this place. The cute vintage baking gear lining the walls was the first cue. The chalkboard sign stating your mission to use only fresh, local ingredients was the second. But when I saw that the kitchen is literally two feet behind the main counter, I knew that this was a deliberate ploy to create the perfect little bakery and put it just out of my reach. And just to spite me further, you were incredibly friendly when I come into the store. You pointed out the best baked goods, yelled back and forth in the kitchen about what you should put in the savory scones tomorrow, and were completely delightful to the rude customer that comes in after me.You've overheard me say in other bakeries that I hate making decisions at places like this, so you have several mini-muffins available. I don't even have to choose whether to get the blueberry, banana, or lemon poppy seed muffin - I can get a bite of each. And of course your savory muffin of the day is a BLT and your savory scone is bleu cheese and artichoke. So not only am I going to drive far distances, I'm going to get more pastries than I should. It's all part of your evil plan.And then as the coup de grace, you make sure that every one of the baked goods is completely delicious. The sweet muffins are delicate and rich without being too sweet, and the savory muffin is packed with bacony goodness. And since you know how much I love scones, you make the savory scone the best of the bunch. The wonderful satisfaction of finding a lump of artichoke tucked within the tangy scone? Diabolical. I'm onto you, Pint Size Bakery. So when I'm coming back again and again to try all of the constantly changing pastries you offer, just know it's really to keep an eye on your devilish plan.
<review# 1444,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/21/2012,7/29/2012,15,228,,5,3>Ever wished you had one of those neighborhood restaurants at the end of your block?   The kind of place where you know the menu by heart but don't need to because it's all excellent - you can't go wrong?   A comfortable, friendly place without a trace of stuffy self-conscious attitude?  And the bartender comps you a drink when you show up before the rest of your group?   That is Trattoria Marcella.  It's been a little too long since I've been here.    I'd forgotten its cozy charm.   We enjoyed a good sampling of the menu:  calamari, fried spinach, toasted ravioli (we had someone from Florida at our table so we had to) and I had the Osso Buco.   Skipped the dessert since Ted Drewes is open, but I know that tiramisu is always dee-licious.   And the prices are pretty fair.   The check was roughly $200 before tip for five people, all of whom had wine, salads, appetizers and entrees.   One good sign:   This restaurant has been open at least ten years, and they still draw a big crowd.   I left the restaurant at 7:45 on a Thursday night and there were people waiting on the sidewalk.   Plenty of demand.   If you can get there at a good time and get in, you'll enjoy it.
<review# 1445,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/5/2012,7/28/2012,75,288,,12,4>The best international market (that i know of) in Saint Louis. Better than Jay's because they have meat, eggs and milk.  They have lamb, for around $5/lb, which puts Straub's price on lamb to shame. They have all the spices (including Kaffir Lime Leaves!) you could possibly need. Instead of that overpriced gourmet Greek yogurt, you can get the real thing for $3. They have plantains, and not the crappy ones from Schnucks that never ripen right. Every Asian leaf, spice and mushroom you could need. I've also noticed the last aisle has an impressive stock on Asian candies. I'm also a tea addict, so loose leaf, international mixes and fruit blend, and at a great price- cheaper than Teavana, that's for sure. And they have phone cards too, if that's something you need. I almost forgot the sweets section: chocolates, baked goods, intl candy, some cheaper, some more expensive. So, discovering new fruits and veggies and spices, awesomely cheap lamb, exotic bread, and dessert too=everything I could need to make a meal.
<review# 1446,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/23/2011,7/27/2012,275,429,6,7,7>I had enormous expectations for Half & Half before our first visit and I was fairly disappointed the first go-around, but our second visit was definitely better.On our first trip, we (the hub, the kiddo and I) visited on a fairly quiet Saturday morning.  The music was sleeeeeepy.  There weren't many people there.  The fresh donuts were heavy and totally greasy.  My Clara Cakes (pancakes with raspberry, mascarpone and granola) sounded delicious on paper and looked as much in some local food mag's photos, but weren't really all that great (or as pretty as the photo).  Womp wah.Our visit on Sunday was a hit.  Lots of full tables.  Lively music.  I made better food choices.  French toast sticks with strawberries and cream for the kid--an excellent, if syrupy (read: messy with a 2-year-old) choice.  Veggie hash for myself--spinach, Brussels sprouts, onion, potatoes and sunny-side up eggs, served in a cast iron skillet and made even better with a bit of salt and pepper.  Good and large portioned enough that I ate it for both breakfast and lunch.  Well done, Half & Half.  Both trips, my husband had the Half & Half--two eggs, potatoes and toast.  He's a simple man, what can I say? Unlike some other reviewers, we've had really great, friendly, prompt service at Half & Half and I have no complaints.  I was thrilled to see a variety of folks enjoying breakfast last weekend, from older folks reading their newspapers to young families with kids in tow like myself.  I'm happy Half & Half is nearby and even happier that we had a better experience this time around!
<review# 1447,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/21/2012,7/26/2012,396,634,5,10,7>Divine. This place is really divine! Came here on Saturday night with wonderful Yelper Cherie O. since it was on both of our to-try lists for a while. I made a reservation for 7:30pm and everything went smoothly.Our server, Darius, was really nice and was great at explaining all of the menu specials. They have 3 tasting menus, two different wine flights, and various a la carte items. He was not condescending or rude at all and when I inquired about the extra $5 for the tagliatelle option, he said "don't worry about it" which was really awesome of him. I decided to get the seasonal tasting menu, and so did Cherie. I uploaded photos of all the stuff we ate since I noticed that Yelp was lacking in photos from Acero.My first course was bruschetta with salmon and goat cheese. It was really delicious and the flavors paired quite nicely. Cherie had some type of mushroom soup. We tried each others and we both agreed mine was tastier.Second course was (homemade) tagliatelle with mushrooms for me, and for her, she had the polenta with red sauce on top. I liked the texture of my dish better..the pasta was very soft and thin but not overcooked or mushy. But it seemed to lack flavor. Her dish had great flavor but we were both iffy on the texture since it was kind of mushy. Third course (entrees) were rainbow trout with spaghetti squash for me, and for her, the sea scallops with mushrooms and I think potatoes... I reallllly liked her dish when I tried it. Mine was okay but not as amazing flavor-wise as hers. Also I didn't quite understand why they served my fish upside-down. Appearance-wise, it looked really unappetizing, but when I flipped it over it looked better. Maybe it was to keep the meat of the fish warm before serving? Either way, the trout was very good. It had the great flavor I love of rainbow trout without being too "fishy" and the spaghetti squash (one of the few veggies I really love) was a perfect pairing for it. I think if I were to return, I'd go for the sea scallops instead.For dessert, I had this AMAZING chocolate torte. Oh god, it was so good. I liked that you could pretty much pick from any dessert you wanted no matter which of the two tasting menus you chose because all of the desserts are the same price. I would seriously come back to Acero again for the chocolate torte alone. It was so fantastic! The inside was soft and gooey and HOT and the cold ice cream melting all over it was the perfect combination. It's like the molten chocolate lava cake at Brio/Bravo restaurants only 10x better. It was rich without being too rich and it was dark chocolate without being too bitter. I picked this over the bread pudding (because the b.p. had raisins in it, ick) and I am SO glad I did. Cherie had this odd little combo of an espresso shot with a scoop of what tasted like almond-y flavored icecream (but I couldn't tell exactly) and it was kinda gross in my opinion but I think she liked it. I'm not a fan of coffee-flavored desserts, though, unless it is tiramisu!I had the cheaper of the two wine flights and while all of the wines paired beautifully, I kind of wish I had gotten more for my money.Anyway, to sum things up, Acero was great! I shudder to think of how many calories I consumed on Saturday night but oh well. *blush*I don't think I'd compare this place to Niche unless maybe if their grand chef tasting menu is more "inventive" than the seasonal menu. The flavors were put together nicely in almost every dish but I feel like they lack that "shocking" or "innovative" feel that Niche has. That's not to say that Acero isn't a good restaurant, I think it's probably now one of my favorites (if only for the dessert alone!) it's just different. If you like Niche, true, you might like Acero, but for other reasons. I'd recommend trying Acero either way. You can even order things a la carte if you don't want to commit to the prix fixe prices, although I think they're a good deal if you aren't sure what things you'd like to try, it's a great sampler if you have a notion (e.g. prefer seafood, etc.) Also Cherie informs me these prices are much lower for prix fixe meals than in, say, Chicago, so that's probably another under appreciated aspect of St. Louis--cheaper food. Also the portions were just perfect so I wasn't still hungry or immobilized with a "food baby" afterwards. My only gripe is that certain menu items like the tagliatelle are "extra" dollar amounts added onto the price. If you're going to have a prix fixe menu, make the prices uniform! Hence the term PRIX FIXE. If it costs more to make a dish, then make the portions for the prix fixe smaller. It is, after all, a sampling or tasting type of menu so the portions are not intended to be full sized anyway! Just my 2 cents.
<review# 1448,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/23/2011,7/25/2012,35,68,15,21,17>This weekend I passed through the revolving front door of Blood & Sand ready to have a 5 star dining experience, and I wasn't disappointed. Right away I was greeted warmly by Adam, who led my lady friend and I to a sleek red booth in the middle section of the dining room.I didn't get the light and airy aura of the space that some people mentioned, but I'm sure that's just because I was there at night and they were keeping the place fairly dark. It did, however, feel like one of coolest places in town to have a great meal and awesome cocktails. Big fan of the tall windows and the white and black chandeliers in the different dining sections.For starters we got the truffled tots, which were so damn good. Crisp outside, creamy inside...I was sad to see them vanish so fast. No matter though...I just sipped my Blood & Sand (what else?) and waited for the highly praised fried chicken. Somehow, this was even better than the tots. The skin was crispy and the meat was juicy, and I started wondering to myself how many more times I could get into this private club with the guest pass I had gotten from Tim G. My friend's pork loin was thick and juicy too, and was complemented well by turnips of all things...don't know if I've ever eaten turnips on purpose before, but they weren't bad at all. :PAs a side note I can confirm that the area is a homeless haven. There were something like 6 or 8 of them having a slumber party about a half block away but hey, they have to sleep somewhere. Might as well be near one of the best new restaurants in the city.
<review# 1449,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/4/2012,7/24/2012,527,814,8,12,13>We know that MBMC has good doctors, surgeons, nurses and support staff. We wouldn't expect anything less. After all they are part of the BJC Health Care. I want to sing their praises as a visitor.  My recent experience was as the SO waiting  for a surgery to completed. Once we had all the necessary paperwork and pre-op stuff completed, I was given a pager as if I were at a restaurant waiting for a table.  When the surgery was completed, they'd beep me. The supportive volunteers, explained how long it would be and where I could go within the facility to kill time.  Of course being early morning I asked for directions to the cafeteria. Upon my arrival at the Mayfield's Cafeteria, I was impressed with variety of items to choose from for breakfast. At first I noticed the buffet offering; bacon, sausage, scrambled eggs and a country favorite Biscuits and Gravy.  They also, offered much healthier options, such as oatmeal, cereal and fresh fruits. However, I saw a small line forming in front of a little man and discovered he was working a omelet bar. This omelet bar located in a hospital cafeteria could compete with one for a Brunch in a high end restaurant. They offered a huge selection of savory ingredients and cheese to make yourself a most flavorful omelet. The man working the bar, was a true master of his craft. He cooked the eggs to perfection and his showmanship of flipping his finished masterpiece was impressive.  Also while being a "visitor in waiting", I had the opportunity to shop their gift shop. It was so impressive, I thought I was in a Gold Crown Hallmark store. If you forgot a get well card, gift or a treat for your sick friend, this shop had it all.  What is an added bonus, is the shop is managed by the hospital auxiliary, ran by volunteers and all profits go to programs benefiting patients & advanced medical care.  Good to know your $'s go to a good cause. However, the real treat is a Starbuck's Coffee Cart at the west entrance.  Where you can get your typical espresso drinks and caffeine fix. MBMC not only takes care of its patients, but it takes care of the visitors as well.
<review# 1450,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/24/2013,5/14/2014,57,84,,7,5>Shocked to see that this place is not even listed on Yelp!  That is about to change, right now.  After searching for a dance studio in St. Louis that wouldn't be too intimidating for a girl who hasn't taken a class in three years, I decided to give Central Studio a try after purchasing a Groupon for a month of unlimited classes. Easily accessible off of Forest Park Parkway, I was pleasantly surprised by this studio.  I have attended Contemporary, Hip Hop and Cardio Barre.  All of them were fantastic.  The classes are not too large which is great to get a connection with the instructor and ask questions if needed. The Contemporary class has a great mix of warm up, across the floor and center combination work.  As for Hip Hop, it is a fun class to let loose and learn a routine to one of the top hits you hear on the radio.  As for Cardio Barre, be ready to sweat your a$$ off. This intense hour long class is a great calorie burner that incorporates ballet barre as well as center work to build your core. It is a bit like torture but in a good way!  The only complaint I have is with the class schedule. I would love to take the jazz class but cannot make it there from work in order to attend the 5:30 class time.  Additionally, I wish they had more dance class options during the weekend. Other than that, I am glad to have found a dance studio to get me back doing what I love the most!!!
<review# 1451,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/21/2014,5/13/2014,98,221,2,8,4>3.5 stars. Another Bailey's restaurant success.  The space is lovely- intimate and warm.  The bar is expansive on the first floor, and there is additional seating on the second floor.  It feels a bit like a time warp to the 20s.We started with cocktails, and it appears Small Batch is (obviously) embracing the Whiskey-focused beverage menu trend.  This is a vegetarian restaurant done well.  There is no hiding tempeh and tofu.  The dishes are vegetable focused. We tried the:Arugula salad with gorgonzola, green apple, and toasted almond- perfect dressing, large serving, easy to split between two pplPappardelle- super-wide pasta, and a smidge undercooked, but a delicious mushroom bourguignon; I'd get this again, or perhaps try the carbonara because it sounds awfully similar.   *I'd still pick stellina pasta over this though*Gnocchi- fantastic portion- we only ate half, addictive brown butter sauce, could have used more vegetablesVegan ice cream (coconut milk based) and berry compote- an actual good vegan dessert. hallelujah. Downside: the cocktails had a whole lot of soda and ended up tasting too watered down.Enjoyable dining experience.
<review# 1452,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/17/2013,5/12/2014,81,59,3,10,11>Farmhaus holds a very special place in my and my fiance's heart.  We went there on our first date and have been back many times since.I reached out to Farmhaus asking whether they would be able to help me out with an engagement plan I had worked out.  I wanted to do it at home, but I wanted to have Farmhaus food.Eric was extremely helpful and accomodating.  We discussed menu options and what they had envisioned.  Picked it up the day of, and I was greeted very warmly by both Eric and Chef Willmann.  Their attitudes were fantastic and they were all smiles.  They had everything prepared and wrote down notes on how to finish the fish main course.What really caught me off guard was that Chef Willman had signed a menu congratulating us, and was willing to write another note in case I planned on popping the question after dinner.  Chef Willmann, Eric, and the staff of Farmhaus did not have to do any of this, and could have simply told me to pick a few items I wanted for carry-out.  Instead, they worked with me to design a menu that I could finish in the oven at home.Everything turned out wonderfully (and she said yes).The butcher plate was astonishingly good. Really out of this world.  It might be the best lightish dinner and drinks option around.  The smoked fish dip is fantastic as well.  Finally, the parchment fish with ozark mushrooms and white alba truffles were excellent.Also - if you have never been, the best seat in the house is at the far left side of the bar.Farmhaus - Thank you for making this night so special.
<review# 1453,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/25/2014,5/10/2014,75,288,3,10,7>So delicious! We tried alot of different things, crab rangoon, bbq kabob, boba tea, kung pao chicken and the #9 spicy fried fish. All were amazing. They have a great selection of boba teas, including hot teas, regular and milk teas and slushes too. The kabob was flavored perfectly, and had a good meat to veggie ratio. The spicy fried fish was unique, and the fish was SO tender, like buttah. I love it when veggies are cooked in a way that they aren't mushy, and just tender enough to infuse the dish with flavor, but still a little crunchy. My kung pao was cooked just as perfectly, tender chicken, peanuts and the signature sauce. I've never had crab rangoon that tasted that unique, they definitely have a special recipe, my guess is it includes basil, red pepper and a little of black pepper and a touch of sweetness too. I will definitely be back, and am SO glad that we finally have some real chinese/vietnamese food in CWE/Midtown.
<review# 1454,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/2/2014,5/9/2014,132,135,4,10,6>Some of the best, if the the best, food in Soulard. Sassy Jacs is an unassuming bar that blends in well with the neighborhood. Perhaps that is why i am many others seem to just now be discovering that it has some really great food.I've tried the wings, fish tacos, the surf n swine, the greens and the creamed corn and it was all pretty great.I've been for dinner several times and it always seems to be semi-crowded but not full enough that i've had to wait. Definitely put this one on your radar if you are in Soulard and want some quality  comforting food!
<review# 1455,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/24/2014,5/8/2014,224,200,6,13,9>Scene: frigid day #349761043 (it seems) of the STL Polar Vortex. 0630 I start up my car, retreat back inside to gather my things for work while it warms up, return back out and BOOM, car's gone. Swiped in about 8 minutes.Not only was my car stolen, but my wallet was attached to the keyring, so that was gone, too (this wasn't my brightest moment today, okay?!)Multiple phone calls, police visit, credit card shut downs, puffy cry-face and smeared mascara, claims filing, recorded insurance adjustor statement, exhaustion. Realization that in addition to my car and my wallet went my apartment key. Sh*t.  Perp knows where I live, obvs.Enter: Sure Lock & Key.Referred to them by my uncle, who gets his locks done by one of their locksmiths, Russ. They fit me in, despite a packed day.AJ came out during the time block specified. He was a kind person, and quick and efficient in changing my front door's lock and making the keys. However, I didn't have the full amount of money quoted to me because...MY WALLET WAS STOLEN. AJ made a call to his boss, and I guess they took pity on me. I got a very nice discount. I thought it was extremely compassionate of them.Because of this, they've made a loyal customer out of me. Thank you Russ, Kevin, and AJ. These are good people, y'all. Hit them up for your lock needs....I just hope your experience will be under better circumstances than mine!
<review# 1456,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/27/2014,5/7/2014,11,170,1,7,4>When it came time to plan my birthday dinner, I turned to Yelp for help!  Fratellini was one of the top rated restaurants so I made a reservation.  The restaurant is very unassuming from the outside; it is easy to pass up if you aren't looking. However, that's part of this restaurants charm. I love the quaint, dim lit, romantic, intimate feel of this place. Luckily we made reservations because there was quite the wait otherwise and this restaurant is small. We started out with the goat cheese appetizer and wine. The appetizer was generous to share between four people. I had the lobster ravioli (thanks for the tip fellow yelpers!) and there were a few large raviolis in the order stuffed with succulent crab meat. Mr. G ordered the tortellini which actually came out in a dark sauce. It was very good but not what we expected. I'm not sure if our order was mixed up or if that's how the tortellini is served, we were just expecting a cream sauce. If you are looking for a intimate but upbeat environment to celebrate a special occasion or catch up with close friends, this is the place. On a side note, we tried to visit Bar La Frerse across the street for happy hour but if you don't arrive when they open, chances are you won't get in. It's very small and there isn't room for overflow. The manager or owner was there and tried to help us find a nearby spot for happy hour; he was very polite and friendly. I hope to visit them soon because the establishment was very nice.
<review# 1457,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/29/2014,5/6/2014,54,81,5,7,4>I finally made it to this gem in Maplewood. The boyfriend and I were seated at a tall top table in front near the window. I was expecting to be cold, as it is the Arctic Tundra around here right now. Surprisingly, I was very comfortable. The hostess and server were attentive and very sweet. He had the lamb loin-I'm not a huge meat fan, but it was juicy and tender.I had the Baked Egg-it was a leap of faith for me, but I loved it. Served in a darling, mini, cast iron skillet, it was gooey and cheesy and great comfort food. A small pile of sweet potatoes was my side. We both sharted the shrimp bruschetta as an app-yum! Also served in a sweet small cast iron skillet with crustini pieces to mop up the leftovers.I'm getting hungry just typing this review! We passed on the dessert--there were no chocolate options..really?!I am told the menu changes very frequenty, so I'm sure we'll be back.
<review# 1458,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/7/2014,5/5/2014,72,204,1,11,2>I'm pretty cheap, so paying more than $17 for a haircut sends me into a bit of a panic. I've always been a great clips/fantastic sam's kind of girl. I'd say I leave the salon happy probably 80% of the time and that's just fine with me. Hair grows back. However, I felt like splurging and was interested in taking a risk by dyeing my hair as well. This wasn't something I was comfortable doing myself, so I figure I'd finally go to a "big girl salon" and take the plunge. When I called to set up my appointment, they were very nice and accommodating on the phone. I was able to get a late-ish appointment with Erin, around 6:30. Once I arrived, I was able to sit in their hip waiting area and peruse some of the art on the walls. The building is really cool and it didn't feel pretentious like I assumed it would. Erin walked me through the book of hair color and with her guidance, I decided on one that I truly, truly loved. It was such a dramatic change for me, but it totally worked. The haircut I got was also exactly what I wanted. The only downside is that it's pricey to cut and color hair! That's not anyone's fault, so I didn't deduct any stars, but sadly, it's why I haven't been back in almost 6 months. The prices were decent for what I got, but it's still a bit more than I can afford on a regular basis, so it'll have to be a special occasion when I see her again. I would absolutely recommend this place to anyone looking to find a new salon, or try one out for the first time, as it might be. :-)
<review# 1459,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/7/2014,5/4/2014,5,19,5,10,4>I love places that aren"t like other St Louis places. It has a weird industrial German Beer Hall vibe. Long tables promote sharing among groups. The beer is excellent. They are printing money outta the back of this place, it will do well.  The only negative is the bartenders. The bar itself is huge and the bartenders just stand in front of the taps and expect you to come to them. They haven't quite grasped the concept of actually covering the whole bar and serving their guests.....and its not like they are busy muddling mojitos, they are pouring freakin' draft beer all night.
<review# 1460,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/15/2011,11/19/2011,72,204,2,9,7>What an incredible new addition to downtown! If this weekend's soft opening was any indication of what we can expect from Range, then St. Louis is in for a treat in the form of amazing burgers and ice cream.The highlights:LGBT Burger- Lettuce, goat cheese, bacon and tomato on top of a grass-fed beef burger. Incredible. My husband ordered this one and the only reason I didn't was because of...ABC Burger- roasted apples, bacon, and Camembert cheese on top of a grass-fed beef burger. I had no words. The sweet apple flavor complemented the smoky bacon and cheese perfectly and that burger? I'm no expert on the difference between grass-fed cows vs. whatever else they feed cows, but this burger actually tasted like a better quality meat.Pumpkin pie ice cream- They make their ice cream in-house with natural ingredients and it shows. This stuff really tasted like if pumpkin pie were originally intended to be an ice cream flavor. I think there were even bits of pie crust in it!! It had a perfect amount of sweetness and spice. Other things I tried that were only "ok":- Bailey's ice cream- This one isn't totally fair because I didn't order it. I don't actually like Baileys liqueur, but my husband had it and I figured I should at least try. It REALLY tasted like Bailey's, which he loved and I imagine anyone else ordering it would as well. - Chocolate covered raspberry float- This was St. Louis Framboise and chocolate ice cream. I enjoyed the ice cream part of it, but realized I'm not as big a fan of framboise in general, so I didn't love it. It wasn't bad by any means, and again, if someone loved framboise, they'd probably love this! The flavors worked well together, though I could've used more chocolate. Then again, I could ALWAYS use more chocolate. After both of us having drinks, burgers, fries, and dessert, the bill was still less than $50 (before tip) which is a win in my book. The service was wonderful and even though their "St. Louis Originals" machine wasn't set up yet, they took my rewards card number and the owner said he'd ring up my points over at Bridge. Now that is good service!I already can't wait to go back!
<review# 1461,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/5/2011,11/18/2011,92,237,2,7,4>This was right across the street from Lola's, so perfect to walk over to after a meal there.They are open late and is a bright warm spot in the late evening.The interior is clean and inviting.The chocolate gelato was very good. I was so comfortable to sit with my handsome date aka husband and enjoy the night.It was a perfect place to walk to after dinner and enjoy the quiet. I really loved the interior. So very cute!A relaxing place worth going to have a nice dessert and chill with a friend or mate.
<review# 1462,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/5/2011,11/17/2011,238,242,4,6,8>Yay for Pita Pit! This fast food joint just opened yesterday and they are open till 8pm on weeknights!  True, it is a franchise/chain, but I'm giving 5 stars for staying open on weeknights and the tasty pita I just ate! The Pita Pit franchise is modeled similar to the Subway franchise.  First, you pick white or wheat pita. Then you chose from a list of meats and veggies.  They have a good selection ranging from lunch meats, tuna, falafel, hummus, etc.  Then you pick from the fresh toppings which includes various veggies, sauces and cheeses.  I got a falafel pita for $5.49 and added hummus, lettuce, tomatoes, onions, feta cheese and tzatziki sauce.   This baby was stuffed full and wrapped up into a jumbo burrito-like formation.  Of course I didn't expect the falafel to be an authentic replica, it's fast food, but it was still quite tasty.  Chips and cookies are available and they are open for breakfast at 8am on weekdays.  Welcome to downtown Pita Pit, I hope you continue to stay open on weeknights so I can get a quick healthy option for dinner!
<review# 1463,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/13/2011,11/16/2011,85,110,3,6,6>I so much enjoyed my time at Old Mill Stream Inn. After many trips to Old St. Charles, MO I'm very glad I had lunch here. This place simply keeps it real! A disclaimer on the menu says basically "hey we cook your food fresh so it's probably going to be a little longer than you are used to". I chose their Large Chef Salad for lunch and it was full of fresh greens that you crave when ordering a good salad. Their potato thingies (their version of fries) were addicting!  Even though I had Iced tea I perused their beer selection which was good. Very impressed they had New Belgium 1554.  I loved the old architecture of the building inside with all brick walls. Service was 5 stars all the way! Waiter brought me a cup of ice for my tea and I didn't even have to ask, impressive!
<review# 1464,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/13/2011,11/15/2011,99,408,4,6,5>At last, I've made my way to all three Gerard Craft establishments, with mixed feelings about all three. Niche on a Monday night (Prix Fixe) for me was 3.5-3.7 Star food + 5 Star service. Let me explain. We came to celebrate a special day and had made reservations via phone two weeks in advance. A couple hours before our reservation time, we got a call to confirm the time and we were told that btw it is a prix fixe menu. Upon hearing this, I almost decided to drop the reservation. I will eat just about everything normally but for celebratory meals, I like to have more choices than the chef's "value Monday" combos. But it was 4 PM on a Monday and I didn't want to put up with the hassles of trying to book somewhere else last minute. It may be a commonly known fact that Niche has prix fixe Mondays, but I wish they would have told us two weeks ago as that would have made a difference to my decision.The restaurant was packed and the hostess was warm and lovely. Decor was clean and efficient (like Tim mentioned, I didn't find it romantic, which wasn't a problem at all for us, but just to throw it out there). Our table had a glimpse of the open kitchen bay and we immediately recognized Craft manning the kitchen and handling the plates. Great! Because if we didn't enjoy the meal, then we can say with some certainty that it's not because the star chef was absent. The menu on this evening consisted of a caprese salad, choice of roasted chicken or pork shoulder, and a choice of butterscotch layer cake, a cheese plate, or vanilla ice cream with chocolate for dessert. To be honest, neither entrees excited me. I was disappointed that a seafood dish was not offered as a choice. I ordered the pork while the boy got the chicken. Our salads were large-portioned and quite refreshing, with very fresh mozzarella cheese - great start to the meal. I can't say the same about the pork however. In retrospect, I have gotten pork from Niche, Taste, and Brasserie and I found all three dishes disappointing. My conclusion? I just simply don't care for Craft's interpretation of pork! I like my pork fatty (and I find his dishes too lean); I also like my pork heavily seasoned (but I find his dishes relying heavily on the sauce/puree/goo that's coating the plate under the pork and personally I think there is too much of these extra "goo" to cover up the natural flavors). Moral of the story is I probably should avoid pork in future meals at his restaurants. However, I will say that the pork was well-cooked, as in very tender, and had just the slightest hint of smokiness that was nice.The roasted chicken, on the other hand, was quite delicious! I probably stole more chicken off the boy's plate than I have eaten my own pork dish. It had such perfectly crispy but non-greasy skin and was juicy through and through. It is a small personal quirk/preference that I have never once ordered chicken as an entree at a fine dining establishment (I get my fried chicken from Lee's thank you very much but that's a different story with different expectations). I find "fine dining" chicken....boring, and dry most of the times, but this chicken dish blew the pork dish out of the water. Lastly, the butterscotch layer cake was incredibly moist and creamy. It was however very rich. I was done after half. The cheese plate was decent. I liked the currants the most. I had a Pimm's Iced Tea (aka spiked tea) with my dinner. I wouldn't get it again. It was saccharine at first taste and boring afterwards. At end of the day, for fine-dining, three course at $30 per person is a great deal, but I would have much rather paid more to have more choices and order a la carte. If Yelp has half stars, I would give this meal 3.5. But I'll be nice and round it up to a 4 to make myself look like less of a food snob than I really am.
<review# 1465,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/20/2011,11/14/2011,92,533,,10,8>It's been a long wait since 1991, when this Opera House (then known as the Kiel Opera House) last hosted a public event.  The McKee brothers have, with a couple of others, done a fabulous job of renovating this venerable facility and it's hard to imagine its ever been better.  All the elaborate detail work has been restored, with quite a bit of it covered with fresh new gold leaf.   Just about every seat was filled for the unofficial opening night last night, which featured Ken Burns and Lynn Novak presenting clips from their upcoming PBS documentary "Prohibition."  For most of those in attendance, the presentation probably took a backseat to the opportunity to check out St. Louis's latest gem.  It most definitely didn't disappoint.  The new seats, done in the old style, are comfortable, the Peabody Lounge, just off the left orchestra section, is beautiful.  There were a few kinks in the service, as can be expected for the first night, but overall it was quite an event.Don't miss an opportunity to see a show at the Peabody if you get a chance.
<review# 1466,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/6/2011,11/13/2011,207,169,8,11,9>BBQ without bandanas, tin plates and peanuts? Blasphemy thou are not! The Shaved Duck takes bbq out of the country clown costume, kicks it off the turnip truck and brings it to a respectable, urban neighborhood dwelling. I like that TSD sounds a bit fancy pants, that you don't smell cooked pig a half mile away, and that you don't smell like it coming out.TSD is actually quite intimate, the dining area is small, and the bar area in front is decked in dark woods and tall chairs. The beer menu is excellent; a list full of interesting craft beers with descriptions, which makes them fun to read and fun to order. By the end of the night the nameless one and I sampled about 5, my favorite was the Lagunitas Lil Sumpin' Sumpin'. I love Lagunitas brew, and it's always a treat to find new varieties of it in places you don't expect.We ordered the hush duckies and wings as an appetizer. The wings came recommended by Erin G. so I knew that we had to get them, and they were awesome! I love when wings are dry rubbed and cooked thoroughly instead of those slimy chicken arms. As a side but very important note, if you get the wings you get the mango barbeque sauce with them. This stuff is SO GOOD. Like our waiter said, he would dip a roof shingle in that stuff and eat it. We ended up using that on all of our meats instead of the three flavors at the table. For the main we split the sampler dinner, which had pulled pork, pulled chicken, stl ribs, and brisket. If you are a picky brisket eater, you must go here. I have a hard time finding brisket that I like. At most places, it is thick hunks of fatty meat that you have to cut with a knife. Brisket at TSD was so tender you could cut it with a spoon if you needed and there was hardly any fat in it. It made me wish that I didn't have to share it with boy nameless. When anyone talks brisket I will definitely recommend TSD.Live music is also part of TSD culture. This totally makes the experience for me because I love when small places have a local musician playing in the dining room or bar with you, and, from reading the upcoming set list I could tell they were playing the right kind of music, American, Roots, and Blues. Well at least that week.Leaving the TSD I was envious of the houses next door. I wish I lived so close to a place to take friends and family for an awesome dinner and also just to have a nice relaxed bar to hang out after work with an appetizer and some good beer.
<review# 1467,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/31/2011,11/12/2011,159,623,2,6,5>How the hell have I not reviewed this place yet.This place has definitely served some of my best meals in St. Louis.  However, it's definitely not the best value.Surprisingly, amongst their regular menu stuff (it does change...) is the NY Strip.  I'm usually a rib eye guy, but for some reason I find their strip to be way more flavorful.If they ever have a smoked duck appetizer, get that.  A lot of times, smoked duck is chewy but theirs is juicy and tender.  If they ever have carpaccio, get that.  There's something to be said about fried capers and raw meat... and having had carpaccio at a couple other places now, Annie Gunn's had by far the most flavorful be glory of the meat, alone.Their pork is also a good bet.  I think I enjoy their pork dishes more than their steak.You will easily spend 40-100 bucks a person here.  I hear the lunch is equally tasty and a great deal.*edit:  Oh... for those of you who say this place is better than Peter Luger, I'm going to have to wholeheartedly disagree.  They are quite different establishments, however.  Annie Gunns offers a huge breadth of awesome, where Peter Luger is purely about the steak... and whipped cream.
<review# 1468,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/17/2011,11/11/2011,165,166,13,9,12>Me and finefiance had a bit of a Valentine's Day fail. There is a place we reallllly wanted to go, but we learned the menu for the night was not Lulu friendly. So, we had an "eff it, let's go to Milagro" moment. We called up and there was space for us, so to Webster we went. We were early for our rezzy, so we sat at the bar for a couple margaritas. We went for the tried and true Top Shelf first and they were great as always. But the whole time, I had my eye on the Diablo margarita. So, we took a chance and ordered one. Friends, if you like savory type cocktails, this drink will be your bestie. The tequila is house-infused with habenero. It is so rock and roll.After gettin' our buzz on and chattin with my homeboy Adam, we headed to our seats where we met our server. He doesn't know this, but he's my homeboy now, too. He was great and made sure we had it all. High fives all around.Because of the occasion, I went all out and had the fried baha fish tacos, cilantro rice and street corn. Z had the carne asada. The Valentines Day deal was amazing - 1 bottle of wine, 1 app, 2 entrées, 1 desert. I highly recommend you hit MMM on a night when they're having a special like this. I've been in a constant state of raise the roof since then. It was so great (Can I remind you of our last VDay when it was icy out and we totaled my car on the way home??). Many thanks to Adam, team and the Diablo margarita for making Valentines exponentially better this year. True story: On my way back from the bathroom, I witnessed a girl fling her iPhone into a full bowl of salsa. And then exclaim, "there's salsa in the charger hole!" Dear girl, I feel so bad that I laughed at this misfortune. I hope you got the salsa out of your charger hole and your iPhooey is ok.
<review# 1469,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/20/2011,11/10/2011,56,220,4,4,4>This place really lived up to my expectations.  I had been yelp-stalking it for a few days before my lunch date, I do unfortunately have to agree with the bad review on the noise.  I thought he was crazy, but it's so true!  There is a plastic/glass wall at what I consider the end of the seating area and I think that all of the sound just bounces off of that wall.I have been here twice (and not written the review)  I got to try my second choice entree that I didn't get to try the first time, loved both.  The California Omelet and the Eggs Benedict.  Both delicious.  The second time I went I almost forgot about the potatoes!  DO NOT FORGET THE POTATOES!!!!!  They are so good and cheesy and so much flavor!  Fortunately I did not have to pick between the potatoes and the fruit because my boyfriend didn't want to mix coffee with the fruit.  The fruit had such a great mixture in it... Something I couldn't even recognize and everything tasted so fresh!PS Also love the cucumber water.  :o)
<review# 1470,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/5/2010,1/12/2010,23,140,1,8,5>Congrats to the Moolah for being my 100th review!And congrats to the Moolah for being fantastic! This is the greatest movie theatre in St. Louis, possibly the entire midwest. They only have one screen and each movie runs for a week or two, so if there is something you want to see here you really have to plan in advance. It isn't very expensive though and they serve alcoholic beverages. They also have comfy leather sofas and end tables for your food and drink. It's like if you put a ginormous screen in your living room!One reccomendation: get there HELLA early. The place tends to fill up quickly and if you are like us and typically stroll in and try to find a seat during the previews, you will be stuck on the edges at a weird angle and won't enjoy your experience quite as much.
<review# 1471,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/4/2010,1/11/2010,68,131,,10,5>I've always always always had a gym membership, and that being said, I've been a member at quite a few gyms in the St. Louis area- and know what I like and dislike. St. Louis Fitness Club is hands down my all time favorite thus far. I guess over the years of working out next to people doused in perfume and abusing simple gym etiquette, I've become quite picky about my gym environment. At St. Louis Fitness Club, you will be at a REAL gym. With real people who are there to WORK OUT and not chat to their group of friends while holding up equipment. This isn't to say that the people here aren't friendly- that is not the case at all. But it seems everyone is there for the reasons they should be- get fit and feel better about yourself. Here are some highlights: Towels are always provided 24/7 access for members 6 tanning beds Numerous classes included in your membership fee! Yoga INCLUDED! Juice bar Complimentary coffee Clean locker rooms TVs on almost all cardio equipment! Friendly staff Available personal trainers and nutritionists Top of the line equipment Hard to find equipment such as decline benches, Hammer Strength, etc. I love that this is a GYM and not a "hangout" for people who just want to get out of the house and chitchat.
<review# 1472,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/1/2010,1/10/2010,300,149,2,4,4>My boyfriend and I decided to have a romantic night for New Years Eve and boy, did we! From the moment we entered the hotel, the front desk service was excellent and even upgraded us to a better room. From the modern decor and the huge bathroom and to the bathrobe, needless to say, our stay was excellent!
<review# 1473,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/2/2010,1/9/2010,2,28,,2,2>The perfect spot for beer and and cheap food. Cash only. Over 21 only. Be prepared to wait up to 45 for your food its thats busy. Its not a classy place. Thats why its great. You go to relax and have fun. The place is packed solid. So getting a seat is always a dream. Like some reviews if they are complaing about getting hungry waiting for there food there is free popcorn you can get yourself while your waiting. Its a huge motorcycle hangout.  Its one step up from a dive bar. Its smoke free inside which makes it better. There is an ATM inside to get cash if that helps
<review# 1474,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/4/2010,1/8/2010,50,233,,4,5>This is the best restaurant I've been to since moving back to St. Louis -- I liked it better than Niche, even!What I loved is that it's laid back and not snobby at all for a "wine" place. And the food was all EXCELLENT. We also did the wine flight, which I highly recommend if you don't have to drive home. The selections were all very good and I learned what bottles I'd like to buy for later.We left happy and with several bottles of wine to enjoy at home.
<review# 1475,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/2/2010,1/7/2010,111,674,2,6,3>Sooo good banh mi.  The best banh mi in St. Louis that I've had so far.  My bf & I got this fried shrimp tofu skin appetizer that was sooo delish!  It came with this dipping sauce that was also delish!  Cheap & a bit far down S. Grand.  But, all right with me.  They have more selection of banh mi here.  It's not as good as Ba Le in Chicago, but it's good enough for me.
<review# 1476,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/23/2009,1/6/2010,45,335,3,11,3>First, I'm so glad a new restaurant has moved into the vacated space left by Soda Fountain Square. Lafayette Fire Company No. 1 is owned and managed by actual firefighters and the decor features some authentic fire house pieces. The interior is pretty much set up how the Soda Fountain was and the menu is similar, too. They open at 6 a.m. every day and serve breakfast until 11 a.m. The rest of their menu includes sandwiches, wraps, the usual. One unique menu item is what they call the "supper club". This is a surprise meal and you don't know what it is until it's brought to your table.One of the owners came by our table to tell us a little about the place and how happy he was that we were there. I thought it was really sweet and he seemed genuinely grateful for our business. I'd go back.
<review# 1477,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/28/2009,1/5/2010,457,314,3,3,4>Of all times to go to UB's I went on Christmas.  Yes I am somewhat embarrassed by this sin of sins.  When I went there I ordered the 2x2x2x2.  2 pieces of bacon, 2 sausages, 2 eggs, 2 pieces of toast or pancakes and the ever present side of hash browns.  Egg, sausage, bacon, toast all cooked to perfection.  In fact the bacon they serve is some of the best I have ever had and that my friends goes back 60 years.  Service was fast coffee stayed full and water was always topped off.  I think the bill for 4 people was pretty cheap.  I do know I left a huge tip because of the Christmas guilt thing.  Since I have mentioned this on another review I usually go to a different place for Sunday breakfast after mass thing,  So I have been here over the years maybe 3 to 4 times.  Been good every time
<review# 1478,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/30/2009,1/4/2010,158,287,2,4,4>Despite the 15 minute wait, Seamus McDaniel's was probably one of the best places that I have eaten at for burgers, fries, and a good old fashioned time.  The space is huge! Much larger then I would have thought, and I started off with a few drinks before being seated.  I was with a friend and we ordered chicken wings, which came out very fast and were absolutely delish! I couldn't stop eating them and I knew I had a huge burger and salad coming out as well. We polished off our wings, dunked some bread sticks in the blue cheese dressing (yum!) and devoured our salads and soup (chicken tortellini).  Wow everything just seemed to get better and better.Then our burgers came out. I had a cheddar burger with extra pickles. My favorite!!! And polished off pretty much the whole thing. It was fantastic. It was cooked perfectly, medium rare...and it was great. I couldn't help myself from trying to finish the whole thing even though I was over the top full.YUM SEAMUS MCDANIELS! I highly recommend this place if youre in the mood for some good old American grub. =)
<review# 1479,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,12/29/2009,1/3/2010,25,45,3,3,3>OK...I am SO torn on how to review this place.  I have this weird love-hate relationship with D&Bs...and it leans more towards hate.  But, that is mainly because I'm a non-chain, non-throw-your-money-away kind of guy.  But, I'll say this: D&Bs does a good job of putting a nice shiny face on the things I tend to loathe.First off, the location.  D&Bs is far.  It doesn't matter if you live in freakin' Earth City, it STILL feels like it takes forever to get there.  It is nestled back in the big ol' Earth City park which houses offices, condos, hotels, gas stations, nuclear armories, casinos, blah blah blah.  I mean, EVERYTHING is back there.  (Side note: Don't go to D&Bs if there is a concert at Riverport/UMB/Whatever It's Called.  You'll pay the price!)Upon entering, you will notice the really nice decor.  I'm sure after many, many openings and places around the U.S., these guys have building these things down to an art.  The place isn't dungy or dank or anything.  But, it's shiny gleam covers up some ickiness.Drinks and the bar are nice and suitable, but you are probably going to pay too much for too little.  They are your run-of-the-mill Applebee's-type cocktails.  Fun names and varying flavors to make you think you are getting more than you are.  The food is much the same way.  Flashy menus with pretty pictures hide that it is all glorified bar food with zero healthy options.  If you want a good steak, don't go here.  If you want a quick burger before you spend $100 buying a stuffed animal, you came to the right place.  The service is really average.  Sometimes, the wait staff is super great and attentive.  But, more often than not, they are over-worked, under-trained, and not prepared.  Oh well.  Who came here for food and good service, anyways?  Where are the games!?!?!The huge game room has another bar and seating for food if you really want to have bells and screaming in your ear while you nosh on a hot wing.  The games are good and offer a wide variety.  I'm especially fond of the games where you actually shoot a ball or throw something.  Good aggression killer.Speaking of killers, here come the prices.  The prices for the games vary, and vary so much that you are ALWAYS left with a little extra change on your card.  (That's how they make their money, after all.)  You are going to spend a BUNDLE trying to win stupid little tickets that you can turn in for a clock that breaks or a stuffed bear with a D&B t-shirt.  But, WHO CARES, right?  It isn't about the stuff -- it is about WINNING!  I'll be damned if I throw all sense of monetary and logical reason out the window when I'm trying to score more than 300 points on Skee-Ball...for hours!So...that's about it.  I mean, it is Chuck E. Cheese for adults without the pizza.  There are kids a-plenty, so go late if you want to avoid them.  If you want a really good meal, go somewhere else.  But, if you want an evening of entertainment and don't mind dropping a Benjamin or two to do it, head to D&Bs.
<review# 1480,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/22/2009,2/25/2009,1667,1101,2,7,4>Dog town is not the most exciting place in St. Louis, but at least it has La Gra going for it.  Just outside of The Hill (which I always want to call "La Collina"), this Italian joint sneaks out of the Italian neighborhood monotony.  La Gra takes on the small plate idea (tapas if you will), adds on a pub feel, and then throws a cafe on top of it.  I'd agree, definitely a unique combination (yet not in comparison to many countries where they'll have a laundromat, arcade, and convenience store smashed into one single business, it's not so strange)!  I visited La Gra with a D-T local.  She told me about the $3 Sangrias and I said "Let's go!"  Off we went on the day of the Mardi Gras parade to escape the Soulard crowds.  We later found out that even on the west side it was hard to find an "out."  The bar and restaurant were filled to the max so we took our drinks into the cafe.  There we sat in privacy with the lights dimmed and the smell of coffee and pastries.  Ah, calm and chatting the night away to the music of Spaniard-American Javier Mendoza.  Gosh, he was quite the singer...and not bad looking either.  Overall, it was a pleasant visit but unfortunately I had eaten prior so no food was sampled here to be able to review.  On that note, MAN, the other Yelpers seemed to bash the place so I'll help it out with 4 stars.  Don't be detoured from giving it a try.Awarded Review of the Day in St. Louis, Missouri on 02/25/2009!
<review# 1481,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/18/2008,2/24/2009,22,12,1,11,4>Stray Rescue is a wonderful organization that rescues stray dogs from the city.  Those that can be approached are brought to one of their two shelters (that have limited space) or more frequently are put in foster homes.  The many volunteers that open their homes to these dogs are amazing.  Not to forget those that drive around the city leaving dog food and ice water in the summer and build little homes for these poor animals to stay warm in for the winter.If you're looking for an opportunity to volunteer, I highly recommend Stray Rescue (strayrescue.org).  Even if fostering isn't for you, there is plenty of help needed taking care of the wonderful dogs (and cats) in the shelter and helping out with fundraising and very fun events.
<review# 1482,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,1/26/2009,2/23/2009,1,16,6,4,5>Here is a weird but true little story for you yelpers. I am 33, for 31 years of my life I had a food allergy to poultry. Now this is a weird but true fact, I am aware. I am not sure when it changed, but a couple of years ago at the age of 31 after a new test from the doctor was really the first time that I could eat poultry. To answer these common questions in advance: Correct - No Thanksgiving turkey No hot wings No chicken strips, no chix pastas, no chix sandwichs...nothing Yes I am the only one that I have ever heard of with this Yes I could always eat eggs, good question Anyway - given a green light to go buck wild on some bird's butt, I did. First things first - I went for some hot wings...then fried chicken. After spending the last year or so getting caught up on what I had been missing for so long I went to Hodak's. I don't like the cornmeal thing - It is like a fried "casing" for a piece of chicken. Like an dense outer-shell, perhaps an exoskeleton that needs to be cracked to get inside to the chicken. I want to like Hodak's, but just can not do it. Quick facts: Fried chicken - I will use the word "overrated" yet again The slaw is nasty Prices are cheap Lines are ridiculously long You will have a heart-attack on your 100th visit (but you get a T-shirt) Hodak's is for some, not all people, try it once and you will know. Even a scripted endorsement from everybody's favorite bubbly friend-to-food, Rachel Ray could not get me to really like Hodaks (yes it was featured on $40/day - she is a shitty tipper.)
<review# 1483,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/22/2008,2/22/2009,85,427,15,3,9>have you ever been sitting around, shooting the shit with your imaginary friends and said, "Hey, Ben Franklin, you know what we need to do? We need to drop acid and take control of Tim Burton. Then we need to get him to build us an amusement park out of found shit in St. Louis. Maybe throw in a thrift store, the world's largest pair of uncomfortable underwear, life-size rock'em sock'em robots, some beers and a seven story tall hamster tunnel that adults will get stuck in."And then Ben Franklin turns to you and says "Dude, you are so fucking high right now."
<review# 1484,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/15/2009,2/21/2009,45,144,6,6,6>For a little over a hundred a night on a Saturday with a AAA card, we were in the perfect location for a Blues game. The front desk person was very nice and friendly. The parking was convenient, less than other hotels in other downtowns, and you could park and come and go as you pleased for about the same cost as special event parking for the game itself.  The room was also spacious and clean.
<review# 1485,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,2/17/2009,2/20/2009,83,298,6,4,2>I'm so confused!First 609 was Asian fusion. Pretty tasty, although a little pricey. Soba noodles with spicy seafood dish was a pretty awesome standout.Then 609 became an 'upscale' Chinese restaurant. Overpriced but OK-especially for lunch fare.NOW, 609 is back to being Asian-fusion? And they have a new menu? One that doesn't even work online?Oy.Make up your mind!
<review# 1486,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/16/2009,2/19/2009,41,46,2,5,3>Booster's is the first really tasty breakfast I've found near Wash U.  I wandered in here on the recommendation of a friend and had a basic pancakes and sausage breakfast.  It was simple and it was great.  The pancakes were of medium size, somewhere between silver dollars and manhole covers.  They were pleasantly tangy and cooked to a nice fluffy perfection.  I received some individually wrapped packets of butter (typical) which were not, I repeat, not frozen to rocky hardness (a miracle!).  I also got a link of sausage.  These are not your usual little brown links but a single link of really good stuff, spicy and interesting rather than just tasting like fat (not that I mind things that taste like fat).The staff (maybe the owners?) were an older couple and they were some of the nicest people I've met in St. Louis.  This place is small and homey and made me think of eating at my grandparent's house when I was a kid.  I'll be going back.
<review# 1487,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/14/2008,2/18/2009,15,74,4,3,5>I've had a major jones for some good falafel from a quick, order-at-the-counter kind of place for about 18 months.  Obviously, the jones couldn't have been that debilitating, since I didn't actively seek out any falafel.  Still, when one day at work Stefanie E.'s review popped up on my welcome page, I rejoiced.  I work in a library, so I rejoiced quietly.I finally (6 days later) made it over to Al-Tarboush today.  It's precisely what I'd longed for:  tasty, fast, friendly, AND locally owned.  And chickpealicious.  The owner is a jovial and personable Lebanese silver fox.  He could melt you with those eyes, and he's a nice guy to boot.  Disclaimer:  I know nothing about falafel, except that I've never known a falafel I didn't like; ergo, I can't tell you anything about Al-Tarboush's quality relative to other places.  However, I was satisfied.For a $4.99 falafel wrap in under 5 minutes and for some positively scrumptious baklava (with three flavors to choose from!  Walnut, almond, and pistachio.), head over to Al-Tarboush.  You'll fall in love.  I can't wait to go again and try the shawarma - I have a definite soft spot for shawarma*.------------------------* I was thrown off by this spelling.  I'd only ever had shawarma in Holland, where those crazy Nederlanders spell it "shoarma."
<review# 1488,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,1/13/2009,2/17/2009,65,65,15,8,7>Bobo Noodle House is exactly what you'd expect a noodle shop opened by white guys across the street from the Danforth campus to look like--slick. Not SLICK-slick, but slick enough to warrant mention of its slickness. Wait, what? Whatever, you know what I'm saying. The price is what gets me. I've heard from people that went before me that the portions were huge. They're large in size, but I can get exactly the same amount of food, if not more, for substantially less money at authentic Asian restaurants. The lady friend had the vegetarian pad thai, and it wasn't good. At all. I had what they called the red curry pho, and it was delicious, but confusing. Nothing about Bobo's "pho" was actually pho-like, save for maybe the vermicelli noodles, and I'm not totally certain that even that was correct. I liken it to my love of chicken McNuggets. I hate McDonald's, and everything in it, save for the McNuggets. And I don't like chicken nuggets with real chicken texture and taste, I like the processed "chickeny" taste of McNuggets (god, that last fragment almost made me vomit). So Bobo's pho, is like my McPho. It doesn't taste like pho--in fact, I feel like I'm cheating on pho, who has loved me so well over the years--but it doesn't change the fact that it was good. I'll always love real pho more, but every once in a while, I know I'll swing by Bobo, if only because I'm a cheating bastard.Overall, I wasn't very impressed with the restaurant. I think it's overpriced for what it is, their staff was terrible (save for the guy at the counter that took our order) in their service, and I think it's absolutely ridiculous to have your sauce for sale before you've even made a name for yourself; it's like bottled hubris staring you in the face, saying, "take me the fuck home for $9.99." Normally, I'd rate Bobo a 2 (an actual 3, but man, the service was terrible), but because of my fascination with the faux-pho (nice!), I'm bumping it back up a star. You're welcome white people that own this Asian noodle shop.
<review# 1489,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/10/2009,2/13/2009,165,166,5,4,6>What other place do you know of where you can have a beer next a lawyer, and a homeless guy? J&A has been party to many-a-night of my own personal self-destruction. Not only can you buy smokes at the bar, you can also buy bottle liquor to take home with you.At J&A, there's no pressure to look nice, sit like a lady or keep your voice down. A diverse place full of good, dirty fun.
<review# 1490,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/25/2010,9/16/2010,24,68,3,6,6>Great spot and great experience even before dinner.  I initially made reservations for a smaller table before my plans changed (don't they always) and I had to increase the table size significantly (to 9) and change the time.  The gentleman that took my call was very helpful and did let me know that we'd be sitting in the "bar area" and then described what that meant (aka there's still no smoking and there aren't any loud TVs, etc.)  I appreciated him running that by me even though the space sounded just fine.We arrived for an early dinner and were seated right away at a table by the beautiful front window.  My sister and I started out by sharing a summer vegetable salad which was beyond fresh with zucchini, tomato, fennel, beans and beats, topped with goat cheese and served with a light vinaigrette.  Then we had the poached escolar which was served with prawns and asparagus.  It was very light with a delicate sweet flavor and a great texture...definitely a keeper.  We also split the Breakfast which was my favorite dish of the evening.  The corn blinis had great flavor from the maple butter and paired perfectly with the pork belly.  The poached eggs and maple sausage completed the dish.  I agree with Andrew R in that I'm not sure I can go back to regular breakfast ever again.The prices were very reasonable but do note that portion sizes aren't HUGE so even light eaters will probably want a salad along with an entree.  If you're a big eater it might make sense to order two entrees or just decide to order family style.Food was great, service was great, and atmosphere was wonderful.  I'll be back for sure whether its with a big group or just to grab dinner at the bar.
<review# 1491,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/18/2010,9/15/2010,129,280,3,7,6>When it comes to Greek food, I had no idea the Midwest had it so well. About five years ago, I went vegetarian. With that switch, I went from a strictly chicken-fingers-and-french-fries kinda chick to a full-blown let-me-try-every-new-genre-of-food-under-the-sun kinda lady. Luckily, I had a friend who introduced me to Sushi, Indian, Thai, and then: GREEK! My first taste of spanikopita sold me instantly - and it was Apollonia that offered my first bites up!Then...I moved away. No Greek food anywhere satisfied me in the way that "Apollonia back home" did....and no place offered up much vegetarian selection at all outside of one dish (the spanikopita!). Years later, I still prefer Apollonia to all of the fancy-schmancy Greek food that is so prevalent in our city.  Upon moving back, I took my new-to-STL fiance here on one of our first "date night" dinners. We had a BLAST! I like the way this place is arranged with two levels. The art on the walls screams "I opened in the early 1990s and my posters are sun-bleached." The tables and chairs are basic, but comfortable enough for dinner. Our server was a very nice girl, and she was prompt, knowledgeable, and courteous. I don't remember being frustrated about water being empty or any of that, but I was also sippin' on some Greek beer (we tried a lager and a red ale - both served in the bottle and both were fine...we only got them because they were Greek). We decided immediately that we would have to get an appetizer and it was hard to pass up a dish that promised "flaming cheese," so..well..that's what we got. She brought the dish out, squirted some lemon juice on the cheese, lit it on fire and slightly yelled "OPA." (It was hokey and I secretly wonder if the waitresses cringe whenever the flaming cheese dish is ordered...but we liked it.) The cheese itself was fine. It was served with pita bread. I didn't think the cheese had much of a strong flavor at all, and it just bogged me down a bit, but my fiance seemed to really like it and that made me happy enough. I think I would go for the spinach dip or hummus if I were to choose an appetizer there again, though. The cheese just weighed me down.For dinner, he chose to get a Veggie Gyro and I got the Spanikopita (could you have guessed!?). My spanikopita was served with FAR too much yogurt dill dip. Seriously...I used MAYBE 1/4 of what they served it with. If you were to use ALL of that dip, you would completely drown out the taste of the spanikopita itself and then what is the point? The spanikopita was good, but a little light on the filling. I could have used more spinach and feta and a little less phyllo dough. Otherwise, it was great. His gyro was also very good, taste-wise, but again seemed a bit heavy on one thing and could use a little of another (too much lettuce, not enough sauteed veggies). Overall, though, we were both VERY happy with the dishes we each ordered, and barely a thing was left on our plate. We were too full to try some baklava, but I'll have to go back and return to report on my dessert findings!From start-to-finish, we were there all of about 40 minutes...which seemed super quick! We both walked out absolutely stuffed and, well, rather useless. Greek can be so heavy on the body...but NOT on the wallet! Our entire meal (drinks, appetizer, and two entrees) was $30 and a slight bit of change pre-tip. Quite frankly, that's madness if you look at the price of similar dishes at other local Greek spots. Sure, there's no "flair" or "modern, hip" feel...but when was Greek ever about that!? This is the kind of place you can come have a family-style meal at - lots of talking and social activity...the way the Greek folk like it! Also: there is parking in the back!
<review# 1492,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/7/2010,9/14/2010,68,131,2,5,3>I feel like I should have something witty to say about this place, but I'm just going to lay it out there. They make some damn good food. And. They are nice. On the couple of trips my other half and I have made to Nora's so far (soon to be many, many more trips), I've had the portabella sandwich, the potato party soup, the potato salad, and the hemp salad. It was all sooo fantastic, and I think this place could win some amazing soup awards. The party potato soup is rich and creamy- please don't tell me the calorie count. What I don't know can't hurt me, right? I had the wheat bread on my portabella sandwich- it was so fresh and tasted the way bread should taste. My meat-loving boyfriend even adored the help salad and I wouldn't be surprised if one day he orders it on his own. It's huge, so lucky for him I had enough left to share. The potato salad is just about perfect- no extra nonsense that you don't need. Just good old potatoes, mayo and mustard. MMMMMMMMM. Serious comfort food. He's had the Hangover and the Pete's Sake sandwiches on wheat. Needless to say, Nora's is now his favorite sandwich place of all time and he's vowed to try everything on the menu. A bowl of the chicken tortilla soup stole his heart and now he's considering asking the owner if he can move in. I might have to beg for the recipe! Nora, we'll be back tomorrow. Monday's suck even more now knowing you're closed.
<review# 1493,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/2/2010,9/13/2010,36,255,,6,6>Winslow's is UNEXPECTEDLY delicious!!!!Decor: It's like a General Store, full of organic things and all things good for you and the earth. So imagine a medium-sized room chock-full of knick-knacks of the sort.. with the ordering of food at the back. It's great to browse while you wait for your food. And because of the General Store/Coffee Shop atmosphere, it's good to meet up with someone over a meal or even study.Service: They're super nice. They don't bother you much once you serve your food (you get your own iced water inside), but they're very friendly.Food: AHHH, YUMMINESS! My friends had the following that I had a bite of:- Brisket Sandwich: Dude, I don't know what seasoning they put on/in it, but it's like sweet and lasts in your mouth. The brisket was pretty tender, but it was the seasoning/sauce that blew me away. - Grilled Cheese: My friend got this and I had a bite. It was pretty good, not anything like blow-your-mind, but the bread was flavored of some sort, if that helps.- Tofu Sandwich: It's like a seasoned tofu patty sandwiched with some greens and stuff between two pieces of panini-looking bread. It was pretty good, though I didn't enjoy it as much as I though I would have.- Torta Rustica: This is what I got for myself, seeing this big hunk of pie of cheese/spinach/mushroom/bell peppers--- uhh, can anyone say YUM? The outside was nice and flaky-pastry like with all the gooey cheese and everything nicely flavored/seasoned.Another thing I like about them is that they are EXTREMELY close to where I live and they help donate to some causes. Though a warning, the sandwiches are sorta pricey- one entree is about ~$9. Bottom Line: I am SO SAD I didn't discover this place sooner or try the dessert! So needless to say, I'm coming back here again for sure!
<review# 1494,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/9/2010,9/12/2010,21,91,5,5,5>Looking for that perfect place to take little Johnny after his little league pitching debut?  Then don't come here.  But if you're looking to have a fun time in one of St. Louis' most unique bars, then the Venice Cafe is a must.My first Venice Cafe experience was nearly 3 years ago, and I have been intrigued ever since.  I only recently stopped by for a second visit and this is, hands down, the most quirky bar in St. Louis.  I think the comparisons to City Museum are accurate.  It seems like the place was just kinda thrown together from the estate sale of an eccentric liberal arts professor in 1972.I didn't get the chance to try any of their food but it looks like they have a good selection of carribean items.  The clientele is exactly what you would expect in a place like this.  Dreadlocks, tattoos, piercings, and the like.  No worries though, the bartenders are all great and nobody will look at you weird if you come dressed liek Alex P. Keaton (and I would know).My only real complaint is that there is usually a cover and it gets loud inside if a band is playing.  It's worth it though.  There aren't enough places like this that really stick out.  I applaud Venice Cafe for being so thoroughly different and unique.
<review# 1495,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/3/2010,9/11/2010,23,140,3,6,3>Until further notice, this is my favorite bar on The Hill. In fact, it is probably my favorite bar in all of St. Louis. The only problem is that it was 14 degrees yesterday and I don't play winter bocce.Growing up an Italian kid in an Italian neighborhood in Cleveland, all we did at family functions was play bocce. My dad and I were even in a league with a bunch of 60-70 something year old Italians (team name = Ball Busters) once our rec center put in some courts similar to these. I still haven't mastered the court game, but we plan on being there plenty this spring once the weather breaks so I'm going to try.
<review# 1496,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/31/2010,9/10/2010,41,76,7,7,4>What an adorable little place! Okay, I'm not familiar with North County at all, and had never even seen Old Town Florissant- so I guess you would consider me a "non-local"... It's laaate (3pm) on a Saturday and I'm with a friend who wants to check out lunch here... It's located in an adorable neighborhood... we walked by a lovely patio filled with tropical plants, small garden waterfall feature, huge fan blowing to help with the heat... but we sat inside. Also very nice inside, I walked around for a bit and spied where the piano/live music is supposed to be played on certain nights near the bar. I can't wait to come back and check out the atmosphere. We were seated fast (the place was practically vacant at 3pm - with the exception of a bridal shower occurring on the shaded patio section). Waiter: SO helpful and kindof adorable (in a "wow you're young" type of way)Ham & Swiss sandwich on a marble rye bread: excellent, though no dressing on it. I adore ham so much that I ate it plain. 1/2 Harvest Salad with honey mustard dressing: just your normal house salad, but with the darker and more nutritious lettuce pieces. Sidenote: it's a pet peeve of mine to get a salad and only have iceberg lettuce. It's not even filled with nutrients. Why should I waste time and shove it down my throat? So anyway, yay good lettuce!! Lemonade: umm nothing special. It might've been Minute Maid for all I could tell. Caramel Apple pie: YUMMMM. I was instantly transported to my favorite season of fall. FYI- I've decided that to come back here in Fall, and have a glass of wine on the patio, will be SO perfect it might become a weekly occurrence. I mean the neighborhood is so cute, I feel like I'm in New England or something. As we walked to our car, the church bells from next door were clanging. How picturesque :)
<review# 1497,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/24/2010,9/9/2010,457,314,4,4,4>When I can't decide between a star rating I will go to the higher star.  I went with my wife Donna, The Famous Chip K. and his wife Bridgett.  I don't know if I started my slow service myself or if it supposed to be a dining experience.  The server came up and told us about the specials and if we had any questions.  I said could we please have an Amuse Bouche of Gougeres cheese puffs and some fromage which was a "platter" of farmstead cheeses.  I did not sample the cheese puffs but I did sample the cheese platter and for $12.00 I was not pleased with the amount or the selection.  4 very small slices of cheese with raisin bread and grapes.  When I  say small I mean small.  Very overpriced for what was there.  We finished the cheese puffs and cheese in short order and it was 15 to 20 mins before our server came back to take our order.  Hmm did I cause that?  Maybe.    The famous Chip K ordered the 3 course dinner, our wives ordered hamburgers, and I ordered the Bib lettuce and the  Bouillabaisse.  The three course consisted of salad, Coq au Vin, and dessert called a floating island. The hamburgers were tasty as I had a bite of my wife's.The Bouillabaisse consisted of mussels, calamari, cod fish in a nice broth.  It was $18.00.  See where I am coming from on the fromage platter?  I have had many types of Bouillabaisse and this one was very middle of the road.  Not the worst and not the best.  The portion seemed a little small but then so was the price. So not a problem. I am sure The famous Chip K will review so you can read about his supper when he posts.  Observations.Loud impossible to hear and converse.Trendy in a good way.The person I assume was the chef kept coming out from the kitchen and gathering up servers to bring the food out.  It was really weird.  Why did he have to keep doing that?Age group was all over the spectrum.  Was nice not being the oldest for a change.The valet parking was slow we never did see the valet so we parked over on the  expressway.  Not a big deal just one of those hmm.Not really a "French" restaurant but still had some good dishes.
<review# 1498,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/21/2010,9/8/2010,53,95,,21,11>I am about as un-American as a born and raised citizen can get. I guess living in the midwest I miss the cafe culture of New York's west village or Europe. Wow Rue Lafayette is a perfect fix. This quaint spot just off the park is the perfect way to spend a Sunday morning. The various tasty quiche, croissant, and omelet options will tantalize the foody in you. The staff is friendly and motivated to suggest recommendations. I had a sweet croissant this morning that was as the best one I've had west of Saint-Germain-des-Pres. Don't forget to wander the great boutique attached that is chock full of incredibly unique Parisian-inspired items for you and your home. Très délicieux!
<review# 1499,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/3/2010,9/7/2010,25,38,8,8,7>Coming from New York, it's possible that my biases slope towards Lower East Side style eateries -- neighborhood restaurants with a bit of edge, a touch of old world taste and style, and the promise of something pickled, boiled, and/or smoked. If St. Louis can't have Russ and Daughters (Houston between Allen and Orchard) or Schiller's Liquor Bar (corner of Rivington and Norfolk) at least we have Kopperman's.On one recent Sunday brunch, while a friend and I waited impatiently for two others to arrive, we were offered coffee, freshly squeezed orange juice, and a large bowl of sliced ripe strawberries with cream. "Just a suggestion." Why, yes. Yes we would like that. The entrees are food-coma good, and come with all the accouterments you want -- nay, need -- on a weekend morning. Twice I've ordered the classic lox, eggs, and onions (LEO) with toasted English muffin and extra crispy hash browns. Next time I'd like to branch out to other dishes -- the huevos rancheros are stupid good, and I'm guessing the Eggs Tenderloin is a decent choice as well -- but I doubt I'll find the strength to pull myself away from the LEO. With a nice drizzle of Louisiana Hot Sauce, it's damn near perfect.My dining partners have sworn by Kopperman's bacon (don't tell Bubbe) and have considered a Catholic-to-Jewish conversion over their latkes with homemade apple sauce. To quote James Bond in The World is Not Enough -- I thought Chanukah* only comes once a year?*** He may have said "Christmas," but it was loud in the theater.** Sorry. Had to do it.
<review# 1500,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,2/17/2010,3/8/2010,32,37,3,2,2>I've been to Sage twice, and thoroughly enjoyed both times. I mean, the place has warm Gus' pretzels as an appetizer. Hello, I am there. And hogging the soft pretzels.The service and food were great both times, and I really tried to pay attention because shortly before returning to Sage, I read some pretty scathing reviews on another review site. Those guys don't know what they are talking about. The only thing I want to mention is I think they put andouille sausage in damn near every dish. But whatev, that stuff is good!My husband and I went for Valentine's Day this year. The service was great and the place was pretty full, despite the heavy snow falling outside. Whatev to that, too, it was super romantic. The atmosphere was calm and cozy and the food was great. I also love the location: right by the brewery and right on a corner spot. Did I mention the Gus' pretzels?
<review# 1501,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,12/15/2009,3/7/2010,165,166,10,3,3>Well, the draft beer selection at The Stable gives me a total nerd boner. They have beers on tap I've never even seen outside of a bottle. Oh, my lady parts! Why eat food when you have so many meal-in-a-glass options? Ambiance is great and the service is surly and tattooed. I was at The Stable for a party, so we were quarantined upstairs. We even had our own slightly crabby bartender. I didn't partake in his drinks, though. I wanted draft beers, which I had to walk my happy ass (in 3.5 inch patent leather sling backs, I'll add) down the stairs and to the bar. I'm looking forward to trying out some of the liquors that are distilled in-house. But I will tell you, I would have been a hazard to society drinking the hard stuff that night, folks. More soon. I need to go back when I'm not getting crunk.
<review# 1502,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/19/2010,3/6/2010,34,50,8,13,5>My name is Diana and I am a pizza junkie. That being said, this is the place I go to feed my addiction. Mr. X is amazing. I'm led to believe it's a Bosnian establishment, and they're doing a bang-up job as far as I'm concerned. I would guesstimate that Mr. X pizza finds me two to three times a week. I go over to a friend's house, "Oh, you're just in time for Mr. X," or I come home from work "We just ordered two large pizzas from Mr. X. You like Hawaiian, right?" I'm not complaining. Everyone should be so lucky to have pizza communists for friends and roommates. Plus, the pizza is always hot and they deliver basically all over. They're located on Morganford but deliver as far as Cherokee St. Their hand-tossed crust is chewy, cornmeal-y and amazing. The cheese is quality, and most importantly, it's cheap as hell. A large two topping pizza is $12.95, and delivery is free! I can't say enough good things about this place. Give up your Papa John's and chain pizza joint habit and try Mr. X. And it's Provel-free for the anti-Imo's set (I will never understand you people).
<review# 1503,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/21/2010,3/5/2010,38,48,4,4,2>If you want the best buttercream frosting in town on your wedding cake, best be getting it from Cravings.Although I was won over by another baker in town for several other reasons (more competitive price, better design), absolutely no one topped Cravings buttercream. It's insane. It's like ice cream. It's more buttery than sugary. Methinks it's Italian? I don't really care if it's from Pandora, it's freaking unbelievable.The food at Cravings is always exquisite, too. Please go. Please get a dessert. Please.Also... please, someone get your wedding cake here and invite me to your wedding. Please tally in at least 4 pieces for the guest you don't know. That would be me. Eating your cake with the craziest buttercream everz.
<review# 1504,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/26/2010,3/4/2010,152,421,4,4,3>You know you've had a good night when you end up at Uncle Bill's at 2:30 AM. Your feet are sore from dancing, your stomach is empty, and you have less than $10 to your name. Don't worry, Bill will hook you up. One of my favorite things to order is the buckwheat pancakes. Buckwheat! That's not something you see every day, is it? I've had no problems with cleanliness or service here. It's all good. But still, I'm not sure I'd come here during the day. Might ruin the mystique for me.
<review# 1505,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/6/2010,3/3/2010,59,303,6,10,8>Go here. Now!Bittersweet was my breakfast stop before embarking on a road trip and I stood at the counter dumbfounded. Everything on display seemed to be made with all the love and attention a proper pastry shop should put into their product, and then some.Since it was breakfast, and since it was me, I immediately went for something savory: a chorizo quiche. It was served with some field greens on top, and was delicious! It certainly featured the chorizo, with some roasted red bell pepper. Absolutely lovely.I had one complaint, though. The dish was too small, and my clumsy sasquatch hands had a little trouble cutting the pastry, while still keeping it on the plate. But that's just me in the morning, pre-caffeine and super hungry.Bittersweet has a very comfy, homey atmosphere, with seating that's meant to be shared with other groups. I suggest sitting at one of the tables instead of the director's chairs that line the window counter. Again, I'm a little clumsy in the morning and I didn't fare so well with those chairs.For a new establishment, the service is quick, personal and SUPER friendly. Ask about one of their pastries and they'll go into great detail; which is a good thing.Anyway, I'll certainly stop by during my next sugar craving, or on my way downtown from South City. I mean, it's right next to Hodak's, close to Blues City Deli, and IMHO has the potential to rank among those places as one of the great St. Louis eateries.
<review# 1506,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/15/2009,3/2/2010,35,62,2,3,2>The newest place on Washington St. just opened in style. My first time visiting was during the All-Star game, and I couldn't have picked a better spot to start.There are TV's literally on every inch of all the walls. It is impossible to have a bad view or miss a moment of the action. Even in the outside beer garden there is HD projection on the wall.The bar is quite upscale, but still very comfortable. Nice lounge area in back, but there are larger tables in the main room for larger groups.I didn't eat, but the general consensus of those who did said the food was mediocre. I will give them the benefit of the doubt since they just opened, and it was All-Star week.
<review# 1507,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/20/2009,3/1/2010,153,307,2,6,3>So I ventured to La Pizza last night after seeing all the 5 star reviews. First this place is very nondescript...if thats even a word. I literally passed right by it! The little pizza shop is very cozy to say the least. I was shocked more people weren't there seeing as it was a Saturday night. Oh and they close around 8:30 which seems a little weird because people usually want pizza around wee hours of The night. Anyway....I ordered two slices of pepperoni and olive (why didn't someone tell me the slices were huge!! i would have just gotten one) Nevertheless I sped home so my huge slices wouldnt get cold. I got home and tore into my slices. I love new york style pizza and they definitely satisified my craving for it! Customer service was cool. Overall good people, ample parking, great pizza, and reasonably priced!
<review# 1508,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/23/2009,2/28/2010,129,341,5,5,5>I'm the type of guy that can eat the same thing over and over.  My wife demands variety on a daily basis.  Nothing wrong with that, but after visiting here Monday night, when asking her where she wanted to do lunch today, without hesitation, she said "Tortillaria."  Methinks she's been hooked.I'll touch on both past and present in this review.  Monday, I had the potato and chorizo tacos.  These were flavorful, but admittedly, the potato and crema overwhelmed the chorizo.  Lest I sound too negative, a major plus with a heaping topping of cilantro on top of each taco.  I swear I could probably eat a cilantro salad if some place offered it.For lunch today, I had the enchiladas verdes  These were excellent, tasting very fresh and packed with flavor.  An another plus with our server not batting an eye when we ordered a pitcher of their margaritas.  Thank goodness I'm not scheduled to perform surgery until 2:00.The salsa bar is a major plus -- while the house salsa is OK, the smoky chipotle is pretty damn wonderful.  I'll confess to filling up a couple of cups of it and sneaking them into our to go box.Oh, and for sides, do not pass over the smashed pinto beans.  While they may resemble at first glance the typical offering of refried beans at other places, these are light, smooth, and again, delicious.We are both looking forward to our next visit.
<review# 1509,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/16/2009,2/27/2010,17,68,5,9,6>The market runs once a month on Saturday mornings from October to April: In 2010 it will be on Jan. 9, Feb. 13, Mar. 13 and Apr. 10 from 9 to 1 in St John's Episcopal Church on Arsenal, just west of Grand.Most people don't realize that this market continues right through the winter, and this morning, as I was scrambling some local eggs with sunflower-yellow yolks and pouring a glass of fresh apple cider, I though what a shame that is. Of course, the selection is more limited than in summer.But picture this: last Saturday, I'm buying a farm-fresh chicken and as it's being wrapped up, I'm told that I can get a great bargain on homemade sausage. Well, it seemed too good to be true. "Where's that pork from?" I asked. In reply I got a shocked look, "These are our own pigs!" she said, holding out two pounds of sausage, "This is Charlotte and Wilbur!" My heart and my appetite were touched. I bought the sausage. Now that's not going to happen to you at Trader Joe's.Of course, the guys from Salume Beddu, with their homemade sausage, caponata, and guanciale are there, too. So is the lady with the vast assortment of teas. And the farmers with their winter vegetables and herbs. And the couple who sell their own granola and pecans. And the chocolate-maker. And it's all fresh and local! Have I convinced you yet? Just go and feel glad you live in Missouri.
<review# 1510,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/8/2011,10/29/2011,81,110,4,3,4>My boyfriend is sort of a sno cone connoiseur, so when I found out Oh Lolli Lolli sold sno cones, I surprised him with a visit.  This is a very cute little candy shoppe with a seemingly great selection of candies.  They had some things that I hadn't seen it years.  This trip was all about the sno cones though. Based on a recommendation from the very young and perky employee, I went with wedding cake/champagne mix for my flavor.  It sounded just as strange to me, but the employee said it was one of her favorites and that she was sure I would like it too. Turns out she was wrong. I wasn't a huge fan, but the ice was really snow-like.  My boyfriend chose a more standard flavor, peach, and it was delicious.  It was the best sno cone I have had in St. Louis yet. I will be back for a sno cone, but I will definitely stick with a flavor I know that I will like and probably pick up some candy too!  :)
<review# 1511,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/29/2011,10/28/2011,45,335,2,9,5>How can you not give Art Hill five stars?? It is one of my absolute favorite features about Forest Park. No matter what the season there's a reason to hang out on Art Hill:Winter - Sledding! Ok, granted I haven't actually been sledding on Art Hill since I was a kid, but I still remember being terrified every time I went down, sure I was going to land in the lake. They put up hay bails now, but not so sure they did back in the '80s.Spring - Packing a picnic lunch and heading out to Art Hill on a sunny Saturday on one of the few weekends in St. Louis where it's warm, but not yet humid and oppressive is one of my favorite things to do. Even on the most perfect weather days there is always plenty of room to spread out and have your own space. Sit here and watch the dogs run around and the kids fly kites.Summer - Not so great to hang out here during the day without melting, but do come at night when they are showing old movies on the big screen. Bring your blanket/chair and snacks and enjoy a night under the stars.Fall - My absolute favorite event is the SLSO free concert in early September. It's the event to kick off the symphony's new season and is so much fun. The weather is almost always perfect and the symphony plays well-known and loved pieces so it's great for the whole family.
<review# 1512,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/27/2011,10/27/2011,91,379,2,5,3>This was definitely an interesting experience. I couldn't quite figure out parking though (there is a garage for the hotel right??) so we ended up parking at the stadium east garage ... $15 on a game night. When it was too late, I thought I should have just opted for the valet parking, which I think was $17 for 4 hours or so. Next time I might. You enter the lobby of the hotel and walk up to the elevator, which is manned? (womened? :) to control access of course. At around 8pm, there was no line at all. When we left, there was maybe 50 people but the "man" (what do you call someone who is attending an elevator ... attendant I guess?) had commented to someone that the line moves fast. Anyway ... getting off the elevator you are immediately engulfed in sound and activity. Of course, you want to walk around and see where everything is and the views ... although, getting close to the outside edge of this space may be hard to do and when we tried we actually gave up. It was pretty much impossible and like I think Christine said ... well, you would literally have to squeeze past and push people so you better like being touched and felt up by strangers. It is a very cool space and definitely worth seeing and we lucked out, only being there 5 minutes we happened to walk past a table that was being cleared off and to our amazement, no one was claiming it. Table\booths (these were on the stadium side) are not really meant for two people I am sure but as it turned out and as suggested by the busboy, people sometimes share booths, so we eventually asked a group of 4 if they wanted to sit (which they did). We were leaving soon anyway. So ... LOTS of people walked by and looked at our nearly empty booth but said nothing ... don't be afraid to ask. All they can do is say no and you might make some new friends.  Of course, if you find yourself as two with a big booth you don't have to share, or share with just anyone (and the four were very nice).I don't think you would go here just for the food, no, don't do that. But do go knowing they will probably have something you will be able to eat and enjoy. For us, the fish tacos were a stand out, the hummus was decent, the cheese board acceptable, and the chicken spiedini not so great. I also tried the cheesecake crostini ... I would pass. Couldn't quite figure it out. It had kind of a keylime taste to me but not quite ... don't order it thinking you are getting anything too close to cheesecake.  The pizzas looked like they would be pretty good.Service was excellent and pretty fast, the space was excellent and the crowd while leaning towards the younger set (don't forget, I'm an old guy) was a decent mix. Dress was all over the place ... from jeans, to dresses, to whatever ... so you can go how you are, although I would want to (and did) dress nicer somewhat. So not your typical bar and nothing like it in St. Louis I have seen.Go here, but, go really early if you want to easily get a place to sit.  Otherwise, expect to walk around or stand for awhile.  Service is fcfs.  Bathrooms are down the stairs near the elevators.
<review# 1513,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/20/2011,10/26/2011,11,77,3,7,4>I love Merbs!  If you've never tried a Bionic Apple, I'm sorry and I pity you.  Did you not see the billboard they had on Hwy 44 this year??  The Bionic Apple is--in a word--perfection.  They start with an apple, but this is not any ordinary apple.  It is the biggest, tartest, crispest (that is apparently a word, go figure) Granny Smith that I've ever had.  They get their apples special.  From where?  Some orchard of the gods.  Then on top of the apple, there is the creamiest caramel and crunchy nuts.  The combination of tart, crisp apple and creamy, sweet caramel is worth every penny of the $5 they cost.  They also sell them without nuts, and they sell tubs of the caramel, which are very, very tempting though I've never bought one.  The only way to successfully eat a Bionic Apple is to buy multiple, because if anyone sees you with them, you will be forced to share.Also, my family and I have been buying Bionic Apples for years, and we'd never had a bad one until this year.  This year we bought 6, but the apples were bad.  My sister brought her 3 back and explained.  They immediately gave her 6 new ones that were fresh and perfect.  They were very nice. I love Merbs!Edit:  Apologies to those of you, whose taste buds I teased, but Bionic Apples are unfortunately only available in the Fall.
<review# 1514,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/12/2011,10/25/2011,21,91,3,4,5>Hell yes.  The best coffeeshop in St. Louis has a new downtown location.  There are places downtown to get coffee but none rival this new Park Ave location.  This is what downtown really bad.They picked a great spot on 10th street between Washington and Locust.  Easily accessible to both my office and a place I bypass all the time when I'm jotting around town.  The menu is identical to the main location as far as I can tell.  They even were fully stocked with a million varieties of Gooey Butter too.Space wise, it's a bit on the small side.  They don't have the large backyard patio of the other location.  There are some tables out front but they overlook a parking garage...not really as scenic as Lafayette Park.   I kinda feel like I have to deduct a star for the lack of nice outdoor space.  A bike rack would be nice too. This place is perfect other than that though.I'm just thrilled downtown has a great new coffeeshop that's already far superior to anything else.  I will definitely be stopping in often.
<review# 1515,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/4/2011,10/24/2011,140,254,8,8,9>Confession: Until about a week ago, I'd never been to a gay bar, which is crazy, considering how many gay friends I've had over the years. I came here with a group after a friend's farewell dinner, and OH MY GOD AWESOMESAUCEFUNPANDEMONIUM! We came on a Thursday. When we arrived around 9:30, there were only about 8 people at the bar, plus two bartenders and a super-young ID checker. We took our group of 8 guys and girls around the giant bar in the center to the pub tables in the back. The folks who had been here before went off to say hi to everyone, while the rest of us looked through the karaoke books.Everyone ordered drinks, and we moved up to the front of the bar once our names began to be called for karaoke. I LOVE that there's a little stage with lights here, and everyone - all bar patrons, the bartenders and the karaoke show runners - cheer you on LOUDLY while you're singing. Super awesome for we applause hogs. :)The bar got more and more people from about 10:30 forward, and everyone was super friendly. The crowd was mixed - mostly gay men, but some gay women and straight people of both genders and those in between, as well. Strangers were complimenting my outfit, my voice, my song selection and my friends. And when a someone pulled my friend who was moving from St. Louis up onto the stage for a song, the whole bar sang along and clapped and wished her well. Seriously, EVERYONE seemed like they were friends with everyone here, and instead of making us newcomers feel excluded, they welcomed us with open arms and a squeeze of the tushie.Awesomesauce: The bar is nonsmoking, and it's in the Grove on Manchester, so it's easily accessible via bus. Otherwise, there's street parking.I'm totally, totally begging my gay boys to bring me back here. Lovedlovedloved it!Note to karaoke lovers: The karaoke songlist books are pretty thin; I'm used to a wider selection. If Lady Gaga and musicals are your thing, you'll be in heaven. If Alice in Chains and Garbage are more your style, you might have a hard time finding music. But it's obvious that the songlist is tailored to the audience.
<review# 1516,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/6/2011,10/23/2011,144,692,5,6,5>Psst. Yeah, you. Come over here. I've got two words of advice: BLACKENED TUNA. Right over there you can see the 15 taps. The server will tell you all about the apps. You can smell the pizza baking. But buried deep in the menu is a cast-iron-skillet-blackened tuna steak sandwich. If you're like me, you will enjoy it very much.  Three more words: RARE, EXTRA AIOLI. That's what I'll ask for next time, because if I can see more pink on the inside, and taste more of that lemon dill flavor, then "very good" will become "excellent."
<review# 1517,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/31/2011,10/22/2011,413,665,27,15,17>It is what it is.I know that's one of those annoying, overused sayings that doesn't really say anything profound, but it's so true! You can't get mad at Black Thorn Pub for not being what it's not. It is what it is, and it's great at being what it is. Here is a flowchart to help you decide if Black Thorn Pub is the place for you tonight:1. Are you in a rush? If no, please see 2. If yes, there is a Taco Bell three blocks from here.2. Are you lazy and need to be waited on? If yes, go somewhere on South Grand. If no, please see 3.3. Are you broke? If yes, please see "Little Ceaser's". If no, please see 4.4. Are you a prissy little princess who needs "ambiance"? If no, please see 5. If yes, please ask someone else, because obviously I have no fucking clue about anything in that department.5. Does someone have to kiss your ass and practically give you a handy in order for you to feel like you got good customer service? If no, see 6. If yes, just stay at home and make your own dinner, you impossible-to-please son-of-a-bitch. 6. Do you trust Tracey W.? If so, see 7.7. Do you like good food? If yes, see 8. If no, see "Imo's".8. You should go to Black Thorn Pub. Now. Sooooooooooo good. Amazing, flavorful, unique sauce, balanced out by shit-tons (lactose intolerance jokes never get old) of cheese and Atkins' worst nightmare of a doughy crust. The ambiance is "bombed out tunnel under a bridge" meets "Seattle dive bar circa 1991". Being pissed that Black Thorn Pub isn't what you want it to be is like marrying a dude and thinking you can change him.
<review# 1518,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/2/2011,10/21/2011,9,16,11,11,10>The Hubs and I had reservations here on Saturday at 7pm. We arrived a tad early, so we settled in at the bar and each enjoyed one of their signature cocktails. The Parisian was terrific, but the rum based drink The Hubs had was just...eh (I can't even remember the name of it). When our table was ready we followed the hostess to one of the very last tables in the room next to the kitchen. It was a cozy two-top situated next to another four-top, which incidentally, held 4 of the most annoying people I've ever had the displeasure of eavesdropping on. Sheesh. They thought they were better than everyone else in the world, spoke crazy-loud to each other about said greatness, and ordered the stinkiest seafood EVER...very annoying. I'll never know why people order seafood in the middle of the country. We're land-locked, people! It isn't fresh! Their meals made our area of the restaurant smell like the penguin house at the zoo. As we perused the menu I noticed that The Hubs didn't have a napkin and mine was soiled and folded awkwardly. And let me tell you, it's all in the details for me. If the table is a mess, what's the kitchen look like, ya know?? I don't really mind when a place uses butcher paper to cover the tables. That is, if they are changed after every diner leaves. Gross. Ours had chunks of food still stuck to it and upon further investigation, I realized we didn't have spoons in our tiny salt and pepper dishes that sat open on the table. Seriously? It really made me wonder how the people who sat here before us seasoned their food (with their hands...gasp!). All in all the table was a mess, but our night was about to get much, much better. We received new napkins and new salt and pepper, and then the server announced the specials. We settled on the goat cheese tart as an appetizer (special) to start. WOW. The cheese wasn't all goatie and funky like it sometimes can be, and the crust was buttery perfection. Even the small salad of greens and sweet beets was delightful paired with the creamy, salty cheese. Score one (finally) for the chef. I ordered the frisee salad and it was also phenomenal. The egg was cooked perfectly and the oozy center spilled out and mixed nicely with the crispy chunks of bacon and croutons. And what could make a salad with bacon even better? Bacon vinaigrette, of course! Delish. 2 points now, for the chef. Once we decided on our entrees, we also ordered a half carafe of their house red wine (Cabernet) and it was very good. Not great, but just what we were looking for in that price range ($7!). That's 3 points, for those of you keeping score at home. My cassoulet arrived in its own cast iron skillet, and was piping hot (a good sign!), as did my cauliflower gratin. The pork belly was silky and rich, the house-made sausage was perfectly garlicky, and the duck confit fell right off the bone. Amazingly prepared. The cauliflower was good, but I didn't particularly enjoy the nutmeg. Bleh. Guess that's what I get for ordering a veggie. Cassoulet = major points The Hubs ordered the Bistro steak and fries, and was instantly swept up in memories of his own trip to France and the wonderful steak he had in a cafe similar to Brasserie. Bravo, chef. Point for you. All in all the food was 4 stars, but the table setting and fellow diners (not the chef's fault) were at about a 3. Luckily, it's mostly about the eats for this foodie! I highly recommend this place, but be sure to make reservations...it was packed!
<review# 1519,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/11/2011,10/20/2011,65,153,6,8,5>Thanks, Yelp!  You helped me find a great place for dinner!  Don't you love it when stuff like this frickin' work?All right, so Las Palmas, whattya got?A whole lot of unexpected character, and some tasty treats!...yeah!...that's right...I'm still feeling my margarita...mmmm...The wife and I were grubbing on a Friday after work, and she and the miniture person in her belly were jonesing for Mexican.  The result was a great evening at Las Palmas.Don't let the location deter you from pulling up and coming in.  Yes, it's in a fairly barren strip mall on a street that is full of airport hotels and other barren strip malls, but you gotta trust me, it's great on the inside.The restaurant was cozy, colorful, and packed full of people.  There was a wonderful vibe of laughter, and it felt like everyone was just happy to be there.My margarita was good, and it apparantly did the job.  I ordered the combo plate with a burrito, chimchanga, and an excellent tamale.  The plate was as colorful as the decor, and it was delicious.  In retrospect, I should've stuck with only two items on the combo, because I hit my threshold.  But oh well...it was a tasty lesson learned.The price was right, and the service (although at times choppy) was very friendly.  Come check this place out!  You will walk away smiing...or at least a little tipsy like I was.
<review# 1520,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/28/2010,7/26/2010,159,623,4,3,2>PEOPLE NEED TO KNOW THAT BIG FOOT'S HOME IS HERE.It's an icon.It's been the imaginary source (the real one being me) of VROOOOOOM a lot from way back when.Get a pic with the original.   Too bad they don't let you sit in it :(
<review# 1521,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/8/2010,7/25/2010,60,35,4,7,6>As I was searching for places to stay while apartment hunting in St. Louis, I found that there was little to no cost difference between a hotel and a B&B.At first, I couldn't stop connecting Napoleon's to Napoleon Dynamite &  all that I could think of was tater-tots & unicorns, but after researching the different B&B's around St. Louis, Napoleon's was a winner.Napoleon's is located in the historic Lafayette Square down the street from Lafayette Park. Michael & Jeff are the innkeepers, but we interacted with Jeff the majority of the time-my mom & I stayed for 3 nights.Breakfast was always a surprise, in a good way. I loved waking up every morning to a healthy home cooked meal and freshly cut flowers on the table. Fruits were always fresh, there was a choice of tea or coffee, & juice was also served. Every morning we met new people at the breakfast table either vacationing or passing through St. Louis.Jeff was really helpful in helping us decided our dinner plans each night-Vin de Set & Eleven Eleven Mississippi were some of the nearby restaurants. He also told us of the great attractions around St. Louis-Missouri Botanical Gardens, Gateway Arch, etc.The room was cleaned everyday, and the location is really peaceful. Street parking was always available. I can't forget the peonies that were in full bloom out front!Napoleon's is definitely the perfect retreat! I would definitely recommend it to anyone who wants to avoid staying in a typical hotel.
<review# 1522,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/7/2010,7/24/2010,108,92,1,5,2>Another great visit, this time, for my birthday.  Had the Gyro Supreme (I think; has tomatoes, lettuce as extra).  Tasted excellent.  Few praises:-Pepperocini on gyro - Nicea!-Nice amount of feta and tzatziki sauce.-Helpful cashier.  Recommended Doner Kabob.  I have read about this too on here.  OK, OK.  I will get one next time!Few complaints:  -I dined in for the first time and was dismayed to see plastic utensils.  I hate plastic utensils.  Maybe I should bring my own?-Could have use a little more tomato.  Maybe next time, I should just ask for more.-Wish there were some nice beers for sale.  Oh well, Coca-Cola on tap is OK too.
<review# 1523,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/2/2010,7/23/2010,102,258,5,6,5>Swings. Tapas. Mojitos. Yep, that's a win.I will never get over the novelty of the swings. It's just not going to happen. Those swings are cleverly designed, too -- they're anchored to the floor, so the swings don't go all willy-nilly and knock over the staff or patrons. Still, they're fun.As for the food -- if you're into fusion (specifically, Cuban-Cajun-Caribbean fusion), you will definitely find something that you like. I'm always a fan of whatever's chalked onto the specials board, but the beef tenderloin is to die for. A bit of advice for first-timers: if you order a full-size entree, don't expect to be able to finish a small plate (or two) as well. Stick to either a big dinner or a few small plates, unless you want to be rolled out of here.As for the drinks, they're a bit pricey, but totally delish. It's entirely possible to sit on the swings with a pal, sipping mojitos, and lose 3 or 4 hours without realizing it. In a good way, of course. Those mojitos are tasty!And you're drinking them on a swing. Come on.
<review# 1524,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/6/2010,7/21/2010,80,266,6,10,7>Sometimes there's just a little hole in your middle that can only be filled by gumbo. You ever get that feeling?Then go to the Gumbo Shop. Grab a bowl, dip in some of that French bread, go to town. Get a shrimp po'boy (fully dressed, don't skimp) and inhale.Then go walk it off. Now that's a good afternoon.
<review# 1525,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/7/2010,7/20/2010,175,44,19,9,8>My Friday night was better than yours.  Oh, you don't think so?  Well let me ask you then:Did you spend your Friday night in the lovely historic downtown St. Charles?Did you sing along to cover songs performed by a band called Midlife Crisis?  Did you drink PBR?  Oh yeah?  Well was it on tap?Did you watch drunken 40 somethings busting out dance moves not unlike those of Lady Gaga?Did you laugh so hard you had a headache?Did you get to hang out with the members of Midlife Crisis for an hour after the bar closed and hear jokes like, "if I have one more of these shots I'll be seein' double and feelin' single!" ?Yeah, I didn't think so.  I didn't see you at Rumples.But don't worry, Midlife Crisis is the house band and they play twice a month.  My friend's uncle is the bass player, so we will be back for sure, and I have a feeling we'll find some of those fun-loving inebriated folk putting the rump in Rumples on the dance floor every time.
<review# 1526,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/16/2010,7/19/2010,55,255,4,10,3>The last time I had Mexican food, which was at a place in Crestwood called El Agave, I almost felt like throwing up.  I am literally sick of eating at regular old St. Louis Mexican restaurants.  They all serve the same so-so food prepared in the same so-so way, and I'm just sick to tears of them.  The prospect of never eating at another Mexican restaurant again sounded just fine to me.Then, thanks to Yelp, I discovered that Cherokee Street has a string of Mexican restaurants that offer apparently better fare.  My wife and I really wanted to try Neveria La Vallesana, but it was raining... so we chose Tower Tacos, which has indoor seating.The salsa was the first clue that Tower Tacos was going to be a little different.  Instead of the beaten-to-a-pulp watery liquid you get at most area restaurants, their salsa had actual chunks of tomatoes and big pieces of cilantro in it.  Pretty tasty.The menu was different than what I'm used to at local Mexican restaurants... notably, they have a decent selection of seafood entrees.  I'm not a huge seafood fan, though, so I continued to look.Unable to make up my mind, I ordered four tacos: One steak, one pork, one chorizo, and one tongue.  The tacos are served a la carte and are $1.75 apiece.  I also ordered a side of rice.The rice was better than your average Mexican rice, and it didn't taste as greasy as rice at other Mexican restaurants.  The tacos were a bit on the small side, but seeing as I ordered four of them, that was probably a good thing.  The corn tortillas were probably the best I've ever had, and unlike many other corn tortillas I've experienced, they didn't crack and fall apart while eating.  The steak and pork were very good, and the chorizo had just the right amount of spice.The tongue ... well, I've never had tongue before.  It was unlike anything I've ever had.  It seemed kind of fatty, and it was very tender, but it was very strong tasting.  It's kind of difficult to describe, but I didn't like it all that much.  I don't know why I keep ordering organ meats off of menus, because I never like them, but my curiosity always gets the best of me.  Still, I can't blame Tower Tacos for the fact that I don't like organ meats.All in all, though, Tower Tacos was better-than-average and, unlike my last Mexican restaurant experience, didn't leave me feeling disgusted.
<review# 1527,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/29/2010,7/18/2010,156,339,33,14,15>CHEESE-OLOGY!Although the owners have been Stringing us along regarding the grand opening for a while, this brand new restaurant on the Delmar Loop really Bleu my mind.  As we walked out of the summer Bries and Headed into the restaurant, we knew we were in for a great time.The line was a little bit long, but we understood it was the grand opening and didn't get Feta up.  We dropped our Cheddar and ordered our meals and began to Edam --  I ate my food so fast I felt like a Muenster!  As soon as I saw there was an item on the menu called "Bacon Bacon," my eyes glazed over and I ignored the rest of the menu, because that's what I wanted to eat.  It was traditional mac and cheese, more or less, with a hearty sprinkling of bacon on top.  Needless to say, it was very very Gouda.Other members of the party ordered "The Hill," which featured salciccia (sausage) and marinara sauce.  It had a sharp and tasty sausage taste that permeated the entire dish -- delicious!The one thing that got my Goat were the prices, which seemed a little high.  A small helping, which is practically a side order, runs about $6.00 or $7.00.  Large orders, which are almost three times as much food, can't be found for under $10.00.  The food didn't really come out at one time, but we all ordered separately and that's about as good as you can get for a fast casual (i.e., no table service) restaurant like this; it's Nacho fault, Cheese-ology.A lactose-intolerant friend who was along for the ride was pleased to be offered a Lactaid pill before digging into her noodles.  That's unusually generous of the management, thumbs up for that!Definitely stop by Cheese-ology as soon as you can.  This restaurant is the Cream of the crop and surely an excellent addition to the Delmar Loop.  Not checking it out would be simply... un-American.
<review# 1528,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/13/2010,7/16/2010,82,85,3,3,3>This place is so cool!  The girl that did all my wedding stationary works with Rock Paper Scissors to print, so I came here to pick up my invitations.  We also had some artwork we were wanting to use for table displays/favors, and Denise was so nice and helpful in brainstorming with us to think of creative ideas to display them.  She ended up showing us a way to have the artwork attached to little frame boards that raised it in a 2-D design, and they turned out perfectly!  I really don't have anything to compare the price with, and I do think they were a bit expensive, $400-$500 for the supplies and labor for 175 favors, and we had already paid for the artwork separately.  But for me, having a one-of-a-kind, meaningful favor for our guests, with friendly, efficient service was worth it!  *And* our guests were able to take something unique and very "us" home with them that night instead of a bottle of bubbles :)We also ordered paper for our welcome letters, and they have a nice supply of lots of cool paper.  I would love to do a workshop in the basement of the store sometime to try and to bring out my inner artist!
<review# 1529,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/12/2010,7/15/2010,207,169,14,10,12>I visited this place last Friday after reading a review of it on the river front times website. I was intrigued because while it's name promised something fancy and upscale, I knew that it was just a south city watering hole and I appreciated this juxtaposition by the owners. Nestled in the "Bevo" area of Gravios, TSB was close to what I expected. I think it bills itself as a pinball bar, but I only saw one pinball machine from where I was sitting. All of the bartenders were nice and attentive. Food is served there, and is as one bartender told me, "Gourmet Street Food" which from the menu looked like hyped up hot dogs and hot beef sandwiches and the like. From what I saw other people eating it didn't look that bad. My first drink was the Slutbucket because the reviewer for TRFT wrote about it in her article. While it tasted fine, I unlike her would not drink two, it's much too sugary with not enough alcohol to live up to its namesake. I also ordered a shot that was on special, which didn't pack a punch either. It wasn't until I ordered a Manhattan that I was satisfied. The bartender claimed not to have made one in two years, but she actually made it very well. One thing to note is that this place is heavy on the dudes. At one point I think I was one of maybe 3 girls in the whole place. Dudes were everywhere, and every type of dude was representing. Hipster dudes, I'm with the band dudes, dorky dudes, sports dudes, regular ol south city dudes, they were all there. So ladies, if you're looking to find a dude, take your other single friends and head out to the Silver Ballroom where the PBR's, Stag, and Weach in a Can are aplenty, and you'll be sure to find someone nice to talk to over the full color Hustler matchboxes you'll find at the bar!
<review# 1530,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/29/2008,10/15/2008,159,623,10,8,6>If you're not familiar with what kolaches may be, they're pretty much pirozkes or knishes.  If you're not familiar with that, refer to Rob C's review :PSo there's this chain up in Chicago called "Wow Bao" that I refuse to try.  They freaking bastardize the Chinese steamed bun by having other fillings like freaking kung pao chicken and beef and broccoli.  What next?  General Tso's!?Then comes around Kolache factory, yet another chain place that serves some typical stuff and other "Americanized" forms like a philly cheese steak.  The sad thing was... I thoroughly enjoyed them.  I enjoyed them all.  My favorite by far is the spinach.  The rancheros are also strangely addictive.My big question is:  where're the cabbage ones?  Or the potato ones?  THAT's what I think when I think yummy goodness baked in a dinner roll.  Maybe I'm just too old school.  Maybe I'm going to have to try that stupid Wow Bao place.Damn it all to Hell.
<review# 1531,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/30/2008,10/14/2008,11,23,4,6,4>How has this place not been reviewed!?!Man, I can't even explain how good this place is.  Best soft serve in the STL area, hands down.  AND they're the only one who has coconut hard shell dip.  (Try it, it is amazing!)  They're very accommodating if you want to add or omit anything from your ice cream concoction too.  I may be biased, but I swear they have the best caramel I've ever had.  Oh, and their pecans for their turtles are buttered and salted... heaven!Oh yeah, its also the cheapest around.  If the ice cream isn't enough to get you there, they have delicious charcoburgers.  Don't even bother with the regular hamburgers, make sure you get the charcoburgers.  They are a different patty and they are chargrilled.  Yum!  Their fries are amazing too, they use some special seasoning mix on them that is great.  Don't get those confused with the 'seasoned fries' which are actually curly fries.  I also highly recommend the fried cauliflower... its cauliflower and cheese breaded and deep fried.... be still my heart!Its only open spring-fall and closes when the weather turns bad.  It gets packed in the summers at lunchtime and night, but it worth it.
<review# 1532,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/17/2008,10/13/2008,83,213,7,8,7>I drool every time I think of this place. I live in San Diego and would give my right thumb (yes, I am right handed) to have Spiro's in my hood. Smallish place in a "strip" of about 5 businesses.I don't know about the other "Spiro's" in the St. Louis area, but here works Spiro. I even make sure that my visits to my parents in Columbia are punctuated by a stop here before leaving.What do I love? Spiro! What do I love to eat? Flaming Saganaki. I wish I could order 3 portions for myself, a loaf of bread, a Greek salad and I'd be happy for weeks... But, I also love his Moussaka with the green beans (even though  they are "canned" beans, they are just so good). That's it, that's is what I order... Probably a good thing there isn't a Spiro's in San Diego, because I don't think I'd ever leave!GOD LOVE SPIRO! (and the flaming Saganaki)...
<review# 1533,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/13/2008,10/12/2008,56,371,,4,3>How have I not reviewed this place?Yummy fondue in an atmosphere that's romantic enough for a date but not stuffy like Melting Pot.  Also, you can actually afford to eat here, unlike Melting Pot.The service is hit-or-miss, after several visits I still can't decide whether I expect fabulous, personal attention or careless forgetfulness.The martini menu is extensive and everything on it is tasty, as long as you're in the mood for sweet, sweet, sweet.
<review# 1534,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/3/2008,10/10/2008,428,1216,2,6,7>Absolutely gorgeous, 95-year old diner/soda fountain in the middle of the 'hood.  The plain old turkey club had the most amazing tasting turkey and bacon ever.You must try the ice cream - prepared right there in the shop.  We also bought a bunch of chocolates for the home folks.My favorite part was the old-fashioned phone booth.Sadly, I forgot the camera.  But these people didn't: flickr.com/search/?q=cro…
<review# 1535,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/26/2008,10/9/2008,107,151,4,4,2>BEST pizza in St. Louis. However, this pizza is not for locals who elect to eat Imo's. That is not pizza. It is melted, waxy cheese on a cracker. Pi gives you real pizza. This place opened just a week or two ago and Wash U med students got invited for a sponsored lunch after the highly anticipated match ceremony. Unfortunately, I wasn't able to find out the hours, or phone number, so fellow yelpers will have to fill that in once it becomes available. The pizzas were brought to our tables, hot out of the oven, but I was sure to ask the name of my favorite deep dish, although I'm not sure I remember it accurately: The Western Expansion. Chicago natives (along with everybody else) will enjoy Pi's deep dish selections.There were also some excellent thin crusts pizza, one with thin slices of zucchini, tomato and feta stands out in my memory. Divine. I heard great things about the hot wings and there was a delicious baked garlic, butter and bread appetizer that I'd recommend to any garlic fans. I hope to return as a paying customer and take a gander at the full menu. In the mean time GO HERE and enjoy what is easily the best pizza I've had in St. Louis!
<review# 1536,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/10/2008,10/8/2008,275,429,16,13,14>Hallelujah, praise the lord!After an incredibly disappointing raspberry jelly-filled donut at our first stop on the Donut Crawl and a soggy cruller from our #4 stop, The Donut Stop ensured that the Crawl would end on a very high note with its tremendous raspberry jelly-filled.This donut was DELICIOUS.  It was perfect.  Just the right size, dusted nicely with sparkly sugar and filled to explosive proportions with sweet, tart raspberry jelly.  That was my fifth donut in the course of a couple hours (maybe only an hour and a half?  God.) and I COULD HAVE EATEN MORE of them... except for the fact that I might've snagged the very last one.  The Donut Stop is clearly well-loved and not exactly a secret to St. Louis donut whores.  If you want to partake in the goodness and have the best selection, get your heiney there early.P.S.  The Donut Stop also has those lovely fried pies and I can only assume that since their jelly-filled donut kicked the crap out of World's Fair's, the pies might just do the same (which would be orgasmic and mind-blowing, I'm sure).  I'll have to find out.
<review# 1537,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/13/2008,10/7/2008,5,19,5,4,5>Really?  If you haven't eaten here you should be ashamed!  Ashamed!  Love the turkey sandwich with provolone - side of gravy.  Seating is limited but you should really be taking your sandwich back to work with you and making your coworkers jealous.  Something else I didn't know - they open super early so you could theoretically pick up lunch on your way to work.  Score.
<review# 1538,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/6/2008,10/6/2008,33,66,,3,3>I expect my cities to have late night dining options, and st. louis doesn't really.  banh mi is probably as close as we'll get.  its near to my boyfriend's apartment so if we decide at 10:30 that we need bubble tea, we can have it.  I've only gotten drinks and crepes there, except the first time when I got a gyro which was delicious.  I'll definitely be back!
<review# 1539,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/13/2008,10/5/2008,68,103,3,5,4>Though I have only eaten a couple of times at the grill, I am quite fond of it. The food is solid grill fare; I think I had the reuben last time I was there and it was delicious (and also GREAT BIG).But the real star of the show for me is the root beer and cream soda. You can get a bottomless frosty mug of the stuff pretty cheaply, and it's some of the absolute best stuff I've ever had! Made with sugar, not high fructose corn syrup, so it tastes great and is a little better for you, too. You just can't get that stuff down here in Springfield, Missouri (except at the Moxie theater for $3 a bottle!) and those rare times when I am in town, or know someone there is coming down to Springfield, I have them buy a couple of cases for me. I could order a pack shipped, of course, but the cost of the packing materials is way prohibitive.It's also neat to watch the bottling machine in operation, when it's going full tilt behind the glass at the back of the room. I could just sit there and watch it for hours--as long as they kept the root beer coming.Any time I'm in St. Louis, Fitz's is one of the places I make it a point to visit.
<review# 1540,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/4/2014,10/1/2014,91,379,6,7,4>I might have known this but was off guard when I saw this was the old Salt building ... which was always nice on the inside.   On a date this night it was a great spot for one especially sitting at the bar which we both liked.   We walked in right when some music was about to start so a nice touch with a couple of guitars playing some nice vibes.   The bartender was definitely hopping as a few more people came in to the bar, some to eat and some to just drink but he was right on top of everything and did an excellent job of setting up our area and taking and bringing what service items we needed.   We ordered the Rockbridge trout dish and the pan roasted chicken dish, both excellent.   I also ordered the side kale caeser salad (fresh and excellent) and eventually the lemon tart (pretty good stuff).   We also got a cup of cold asparagus? soup.  It was pretty good too.  Starting it all off was a glass of Spellbound red wine and the Good Thymes bourbon cocktail (and very excellent ... would normally have had more but limiting myself this night).Not sure why I'm not giving it 5 stars but it probably deserves it ... beautiful setting, high quality feel, very good food, a place I need to visit again for sure.   Not too many places in town with as nice a décor.
<review# 1541,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/26/2014,9/30/2014,103,317,5,5,7>Two years and a day later:I still like this place. Hilariously, it's our default eatery when it's like 11 PM, midnight on a Friday or Saturday night and we are hungry after some event. It's because I don't know of anywhere else to go at that time that's not on Washington Avenue or has something that everyone will like or a diner or a bar. Everyone loves late night pizza, duh!1) I still love how it's attached to ITap, but you don't have to be in ITap.2) Service is always hit or miss.3) I actually really don't like the garlic knots. They're kinda nasty. 4) However, their buffalo wings are awesome! They're meaty and yummy! And they come with sliced cucumber!5) Don't order the subs. They're small and not really tasty. 6) While the pizzas are not the best I've ever had, they are pretty good. Especially if it's late at night.7) I might walk off with that corkboard one night.And I love how Epic just attracts different people...last time we were there...there were people just out of the Cards game and people who just were at the Blues game and people who were just out drinking...and us...just out from the Fox.
<review# 1542,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/29/2014,9/29/2014,185,117,4,7,6>Wowza!This place is goooood!  Hands down one of the best establishments in Old Town St. Charles and the best restaurant on Main St! And the manager April, is every restaurant owners dream manager!  Super nice, friendly, accommodating, knowledgeable and just all around kick-ass hostess!The food and wine were top notch!  They also have chef's tasting events (usually around $30 4-5 courses and wine pairings included - great deal!) and other cool events that they host...I can't wait to get to an event there!  Drink we sipped:Velvet Seduction  - x-rated, peach schnapps, chambord, tito's vodka, splash of champagne OMG! Pure alcoholic deliciousness! Brachetto - La Romantica - Sweet frizzante red with raspberry & strawberry notes - So good, we sprang for a bottle!Here's a list of the food we noshed on (there were no duds here folks!): Spinach Artichoke Dip w/ pita chips - Really nice flavor & texture! One of the best I've tastedWhite Bean Hummus w/ pita chips & veggies - Very Tasty!Cheese & Meat Board w/ grain mustard - strictly for the cheese lovers! if you're on the fence about cheese and/or don't like "stinky" cheeses this may not be the board for you. But for those of us "real" cheese lovers, this is a very nice board.Chorizo Stuffed Dates - Dates, sausage, bacon, maple syrup YUM!Crab Stuffed Bella Mushroom Cap - Nice portion, I could have eaten these all night!Calamari with a Saffron Lemon Aioli - Different approach, but goodCajun Pan Seared Tilapia w/ risotto, shrimp, tomatoes, garlic shrimp sauce - This is a meal and a delicious one!Pig and Fig Salad - Greens, prosciutto, pancetta, dry figs, bleu cheese, pecans, apples, fig vinaigrette - Really tasty Salad!  Chicken Spedini  -  This was probably the least favorite of the group, but it certainly wasn't a dudFlash Fried Spinach, Rock Shrimp and Mushroom Flatbread - Very good!Everything was great!  I had no room for dessert but did snag a bite of the cherry cobbler...yeah, it was pretty amazing!!!  So was the raspberry gooey butter cake! I truly can't complement this place enough...we had a wonderful evening! I am sure I missed a few dishes, but I'm sure you get the point!
<review# 1543,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/11/2014,9/28/2014,54,226,6,6,6>Make sure you know a good roofing contractor after you hire these guys, BECAUSE THEY WILL BLOW THE ROOF OFF YOUR EVENT.  First if you're even contemplating hiring another DJ, just stop.  Stop right now, pick up the phone and hire them.  Can I rate these guys a 6 out of 5?  Professional?  Yes, Responsive?  Of Course.  Flexible? Check, Value?  Is that even a question, it's like filet mignon for the price of a happy meal.  How about the question where they'll play exactly what you want them to play, won't play anything you don't, and still make every guest feel like their request was important.  As MCs there's just none better these guys could call a Cardinal game and cover a radio station at the same time.  Top 3 highlights from my event personally, first not only was my DJ the DJ, but he was also my waiter.  He asked me all throughout the night and got me drinks from the bar, second every idea we had was a great one, he made them all feel like we were the first ones to think of it and that it was the best idea ever.  Third, I don't like the word "flexible" above, these guys really were AGILE.  They new how to take on any surprise elements and turn them into positives.
<review# 1544,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/29/2014,9/27/2014,185,237,3,5,5>Making the Saint Louis Craft Beer Week rounds!I've been a patron of Six Row Brewing Company on and off.  Having once lived in the CWE, the brew house was just a few miles down the road.  Even though I enjoy the beer, I've developed a love/hate relationship with the brewery.  Here are the pros and cons.First of all, Six Row makes quality beer.  They are definitely not my favorite, but very good.  The brewery is fairly circulated through the STL area, with their signature Whale Ale and Porter available all over the place.  However, sometimes you just to go to the source to see what else is brewing.Since it is Saint Louis Craft Beer Week, I swung by the brew pub last night to sample some staples and seasonal craft.  I ordered a sampler of eight:  Whale Ale, Double IPA, Porter, Honey Weizen, Killer Whale, Belgian IPA, Imperial Black IPA, and Sunshine Slowdown.  Six Row has the dark beers down.  The Porter and Black IPA were both solid effort.  Of course, the Whale Ale is always good on tap.  However, my favorite of the night was the Sunshine Slowdown, a seasonal cream ale.As for the service, it can be hit or miss, but the bartender last night was by far the best that I've had there.  With Craft Beer Week in full swing, the place was buzzing with life and friendly conversation.  Frankly, you can just tell when someone is genuinely a good guy.However, you might not be so fortunate with the service every time.  There is one particular bartender who I like to avoid whenever I go there.  He can get a little pretentious and mouthy sometimes.  For example, he was talking poorly about Schlafly for no apparent reason.  Every time I go in, I think that maybe they've fired him, but he's always there, which the same could be said for last night.  He didn't wait on me, doing something in the back, but he would come up front to complain to the other bartender about something going on in the back.  Some people are better suited for little customer interaction.With that said, Six Row Brewing Company can be a delightful place to try new brews and socialize.  However, don't expect consistency from the service.
<review# 1545,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/9/2013,9/26/2014,38,98,2,9,7>Although we typically enjoy deep dish pizzas, we decided to give Pi 2 Go's thin crust a try. While waiting on the order, we purchased a bottle of wine and each enjoyed a small glass in the waiting area. Nice touch! One half of the pizza was Lincoln Park (mozzarella, garlic olive oil, zucchini, fresh tomatoes, feta and fresh basil) and the other half was Maplewood (mozzarella, house-made spicy italian sausage, cherry peppers, fontina, fresh basil). Both were good, although I preferred the Lincoln Park. We'll be back to Pi 2 Go, simply because of the convenience (and the tasty food, of course).
<review# 1546,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/12/2013,9/25/2014,119,108,3,7,8>I rode my bike here to get in some exercise and bec I needed a tire cap. I love that you can walk in a place sweaty... and let's face it, probably a tad smelly too from the ride on a hot day, and no one even blinks an eye! They even hold the door for you as you roll your bike in! - on a side note I love that you can carry your bike, stroller, dog, whatever you are toting at the moment into the store. I am mainly writing my review today based on the customer service. I walked in for the first time as a "solo" customer. Worked my way to the bike accessory area and was very nicely greeted.  i mentioned I was merely out for a ride and stopped in to purchase a new cap for my tire bec mine had cracked. He jumped to the back of the wall where parts are kept, and pulled out one for me and said "Here ya go! Anything else?" I asked if I needed to pay, he said, Noooo, we have a ton of those! :)   It may have been a cheap small part but it made my day! This led me to ask him about cycling glasses and he let me over to their display rack and I started trying some on. He even listened to my reasoning why I needed a new pair (women/eyelash thing) I was surprised that he actually seemed engaged in my story :) ha. Anyway he stayed with me and helped me pick out a pair of glasses that suit my cycling day/night rides.I also noted on the way out they were giving away S'mores. Something about National S'more Day. Heh.In summary every time I come to the Alpine Shop I always walk out feeling great!
<review# 1547,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/30/2013,9/24/2014,36,37,12,10,11>This place is awesome, every time we go.  Last night the bar was full so we spent the night meeting the most talented pinball players ever in the second room.  Seriously, I think after witnessing the maneuvers on The Adams Family and Transformers games, I am ready to suggest this become a sport.  I know everyone else was watching basketball (sorry KU:( fans) but pinball is simply marvelous to watch.  Also, I have to say that these people are super friendly.  Last time I was at the Silver Ballroom I overheard a guy using a curse word very loudly, and I just looked at him, not to be nasty, just because.  He was dressed completely in leather and had more tattoos than the rest of us combined, but he mouthed "sorry" to us (a few girls) and seemed to mean it.  I mean, I teach high school and I can't get that sort of response from some of the kids in our top ten.  Last night we made friends with a pinball prodigy named Dennis who apparently programs computers by day.  I think he should quit his day job and become the pinball poster boy.  Highlight of the evening:  deciding which guy in the place had the best hair to turn into a french braid.
<review# 1548,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/4/2013,9/23/2014,101,271,6,11,11>I am still not sure why I ever mourned the Dickey's BBQ place that closed that was in this location?At a recent Yelp event I heard from many people that this place is some of the best BBQ in the STL, so I had to go and try it. Especially Stephen W. who said he was basically the Ambassador for this Place said I had to go, which I would have told him I was going but he still hasn't accepted my stalker oops I mean friend request. Anyway...This was a spur of the moment visit after Running a 10k the day before. So you can imagine I was hungry. We decided to go and I was not sure what to expect mainly because shame on me I hadn't really read any reviews yet on it. We brought our Kids too, and that is a real test of any establishments ability to deal with Chaos, take a 4 year old and a set of 2 year old twins to eat there. Right away you walk in and there was a sign on the wall that was hand written that said 15 minute wait. I assumed that meant that if you are standing here reading this there will be 15 minutes to wait before ordering. Luckily we walked up around the corner and there was about a 4 minute wait and that gave us time to look at the menu and take note that the Excel brand of soda they serve is High fructose corn syrup free and uses pure cane sugar. That is a big deal to me and made me feel good about the place right off the jump. Next we got lost in the menu... wait I mean the 2 menus all scattered of painted on the walls and pieces of paper taped with sides listed. It was kind fun though not like a lost for days not understanding what the heck to order or conflicting prices. I loved the next step you basically got your food on a tray with Brown parchment paper laid out on it. This made me smile and catered toward my eating style of lot of space to mix sauces and what not. I ordered the Brisket, which was cut right in front of me. I wish he would have weighed it because at first I thought it wasn't a lot but then I was thinking maybe I got more than I should have because I couldn't eat it all. The brisket was good but not as moist as I would have expected, but it was so delicious with all the sauces that it didn't matter. I also got the fresh cut fries (the Bomb) and the Gumbo, which was the show stopper. I loved it and would be back for a huge bowl just on its own.My wife ordered the turkey, coleslaw and fries. Her turkey was so moist and full of flavor. The Cole slaw wasn't anything special but my 4 year old ate it before her burger.My 4 year old got a "kids" burger which looked like a regular burger. She didn't eat it but ate all her coleslaw and meats we gave her from our trays. The burger was good, but I think the spices on it were to much for her.The sauces were excellent and I liked the big squeeze bottleful of sauce, made it easy to get as much a you wanted. Like some have reviewed the bottles labels were a bit worn and I couldn't easily tell what some said, so I just tasted them all, yet another great thing about the tray lots of room for sauce. Surprisingly the Coffee sauce was actually really good and my wife liked the Autumn orange and Hana lulu sauce. I did ask if there was HFCS in the sauce and they said the base sauce they use has it in it. I am at this point not ultimately concerned with the condiments. I know I could be but all in all they have less bad stuff overall. And they have Grass fed beef burgers!!So to wrap it up. Yes it is amazing, No it may not be your favorite, Yes it can still be my favorite, its effing delicious, you may not think it is effing delicious, that's ok, more for me.
<review# 1549,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/22/2014,9/22/2014,12,119,2,4,6>One word:  Perfect.We toured almost 20 different apartments and lofts downtown, yet had not found one that would meet our needs.  Our must haves included a place that is dog-friendly with easy potty area access, has lots of light, a gas range, is secure, walkable day and night and within our budget.  We knew it was a lot to ask, but we were determined.  Just when we were about to give up, literally in the 11th hour needing to move ASAP, we met Jenni at The Tower for a tour and...Oh. My. Dawg.  We were blown away!  Instead of a wordy explanation of everything we love about the tower, I'll give you a long, bulleted list of all the reasons why you will want to jump on this place before it's full up:* Brand spankin' new!* 12'+ ceilings* Floor to ceiling windows (with reflective treatment)* Energy efficient, quality stainless steel appliances* Gas range with a fifth middle burner for a griddle (for all you foodies!)*Kitchen islands with bar seating in many units (we love ours!)* Soft close cabinet dampeners (so the cabinets don't slam)* Quality, beautiful finishes - done right, not cheap.* Washer/Dryer in each unit* Walk-in closets* Oversized shower (double stall size)* Amazing, dedicated staff with lightening fast responses to any questions or requests* Secure, secure, secure* Across the street from Culinaria* Less than 2 blocks from 2 different metro stations* Reserved parking available* Wired for modern technology - dedicated U-verse connection (fast!)* Pet-friendly* 24/7 complimentary coffee on demand in the lobby* Every apartment in the building has a view of the Old Post Office Plaza* Food trucks and live music every Tuesday in your beautiful front yard*Farmer's Market every Thursday (June-Oct) again, in your beautiful front yard* Freight Elevator that moving trucks can back right on up to practically* 24th floor Gym with incredible views * 25th floor Fitness on Demand room * Complimentary printing and office area* Package acceptance*Easy online rent payment*Easy online application process* 24/7 on-call maintenance * Two story club room featuring:     o Two bars     o Two lounge areas     o Gas Fireplace     o Gas BBQ Grills     o Sweeping views through the two story windows of all of STL     o Pool tableBut wait...there's more.  Coming in July with the opening of the adjacent Magnolia Hotel, there will also be:* Free Valet* Room Service (for a fee)* Cleaning Services (for a fee)* Private entrance to the hotel's loungeThis place is by far the best deal in town.  What are you waiting for?
<review# 1550,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/28/2010,5/3/2010,175,44,17,5,5>"Excuse me miss, have you placed your order yet?""Yes.""You have?""Yes sir.""You've already ordered your food?""Yes, I promise!"I made the mistake of sitting down at a table at Pappy's without a drink cup, as my mom was getting my drink for me, and the waiter was on me like sauce on a pork rib.  They have a strict rule that you don't save tables, but wait until you've ordered your food to sit down, a system that I absolutely support because it works.  Even if the line is long, it moves fast, and you get your food almost immediately after you've ordered.  If you save tables, it messes up the flow of things.After politely defending my honor, (I knew the guy thought I was lying, next time I will hold onto my cup as evidence,) I dug into some of the best ribs, pulled pork, brisket, and chicken I've ever had (and I'm from Texas ya'll!)  The sweet potato fries and coleslaw were also good.  There was something about the green beans I didn't like, but I was hardly disappointed in this house of heavenly smoked meats.I'll be back again for sure.  Maybe I'll see you there.  I'll save us a table.
<review# 1551,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/29/2010,5/1/2010,55,255,6,7,5>Crown Candy Kitchen is really easy to find at night -- it's one of the only buildings for blocks in every direction that's lit up.  You know that if a place has managed to survive 97 years, including through the utter deterioration of the surrounding neighborhood, they must be doing something right.  The place is definitely charming, and feels like a time warp back to one of those soda fountains from a century ago.We arrived a little before 6 p.m. on a Friday, and the place was just about dead -- somewhat to my surprise.  We ordered the "heart stopping BLT" and the bacon turkey club, and shared them.  My wife also ordered a chocolate shake, and I got the Johnny Rabbit Special (banana malt with nuts and nutmeg).You know those pictures of New York-style pastrami or corned beef sandwiches, where the meat is piled ludicrously high?  That's how the BLT was... except with bacon.  The waitress claimed there's a pound of it on every sandwich.  It comes slathered with Miracle Whip, which actually works surprisingly well.  After eating my half of the sandwich, I had gotten Miracle Whip on my chin, cheeks and nose and went through three napkins.  My wife declared it to be the second-best BLT she's ever had (first place belongs to a portion of the World's Largest BLT that was put together by Iron Barley in the Summer of '09).  In my opinion, it was a very good BLT... but it was still just a BLT.  Even the world's greatest BLT can't elevate itself above four stars, in my humble opinion.The bacon turkey melt was pretty good.  I mean, I'm pretty sure they don't go all out and roast turkeys in-house, but it was probably the best you could do with bacon, deli meat turkey, cheese and bread.  Somewhat disappointingly, the sandwiches were served with Ruffles, which are of course the most mediocre potato chips in existence.The shakes and malts were flavorful; that is to say, the chocolate was very chocolatey, and the banana was very banana-ey.  They bring the shakes out in a gigantic shaker which is enough to fill the glass three times over.  It's extremely hard to get through the entire shake in one sitting.  They have a challenge where, if you can drink five of them in 30 minutes, you get them free.  They haven't had a whole lot of winners in their 97 year history.We decided to check out their candy counter before leaving.  I inquired about what candy was homemade and what wasn't, and the guy behind the counter said most of the chocolate candy was made in-house; the rest wasn't.  That was a bit of a disappointment -- how awesome would it be if they made all those jelly beans, jawbreakers and fruit sours themselves -- so I walked away with a quarter-pound of their homemade "ultimate malted milk balls" and a truly massive homemade peanut butter cup.  Let me tell you, they were a helluva lot better than their mass-produced counterparts.All in all, their candy, shakes (and presumably ice cream) are all top notch; their sandwiches are good, not great.  Be sure to check them out if you've never been... it's a real gem like they don't make 'em anymore.
<review# 1552,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,4/5/2010,4/29/2010,82,85,4,4,3>We stopped in for a quick bite before the Moolah. Even though it was a Saturday, It wasn't too crowded. This didn't seem like an upscale Italian restaurant, even though the website might lead you to believe it was. The decor is in need of updating. Reminds me of somewhere a high school boyfriend would have taken me for a "fancy" date. Luckily, I didn't have to worry about food getting caught in my braces on this night! We had the eggplant parm appetizer, and it was ok. We also got the Wild mushroom pizza and added sausage. The crust was good, and the pizza had lots of yummy mushrooms! I also didn't notice any provel...so the pizza gets 4 stars! Our server was so nice, even when we said we were in a hurry. 5 stars for her....hmmm, maybe I should rethink my rating? Ok, I give it 3.75 stars! I noticed on the website that they have a nice sized patio, and I would be willing to try it again and sit outside.  And I see they have lamb chops! Or maybe pasta and gelato?
<review# 1553,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/27/2010,4/28/2010,42,71,5,5,4>Drunk off the food as much as I am the wine, I'm probably not qualified to give an unbiased review of this neighborhood favorite, but that's not going to stop me from pimping the place as one of the few Italian joints in St. Louis worthy of a repeat visit. That's right, I just dissed St. Louis Italian; I could take or leave most of it. Fact is the majority of it is all the same. Onesto makes up for that by making every single dish unique and insanely good, starting with the legendary garlic knots ("these aren't the dinner rolls you're looking for"), continuing with their ample family house salad bowl (keep eating the salad and they'll keep filling the bowl), and exemplified in the dinner entrees, which cover all of the AmerItalian basics and are supplemented by a hell of a long list of daily specials. My only disappointment is that the amazing stuffed rainbow trout I had on my first visit not long after they opened has never reappeared on the specials menu. It was easily one of the best seafood plates I've ever eaten, and Onesto is definitely a top-ten local favorite.
<review# 1554,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/9/2010,4/27/2010,25,115,4,4,2>So really I think the food is about a 3.5-4 stars, but they get the extra half star for being in St. Louis and on top of a Howard Johnson. Compared to some of the Indian food I have had in San Francisco and at some of my friend's places (yes I know it is unfair to compare home cooked to restaurant food), the food is pretty good but not the best I have had. Compared to other places in St. Louis, it is probably one of the best I have tasted. We had the chicken biryani which was spicy but good, unfortunately it is out of my spice range and I don't remember anything but pain (sorry). The palek bhindi was a new veggie dish that I have not had before, at the time it was awesome, but the next day when I ate the left overs I figured out why it was soooo good - it was like 50% ghee!!!!! oh well you only live once - run the extra mile tomorrow! The lamb rogan josh was nicely flavored and not too strong. And the naan that we had was ok - (I still have to say Naan and curry in SF is better)
<review# 1555,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/12/2010,4/26/2010,13,109,2,6,4>I love a good Brazilian steakhouse, and Bacana Brasil is just that. As one of my friends described it, this place offers "meat pornography" -- succulent, delicious meat carried around on skewers and cut off at your table with sword-like knives. We found that it took a little bit of time for the meat to make it our way, but once it did, we were rarely left waiting for more. Of particular delight to the females in our group was the grilled pineapple, which is also served off the skewer, and brushed in cinnamon. The price of dinner is reasonable for a steakhouse ($32 per adult for dinner, which includes a salad bar / buffet), but we found the drinks a bit pricey. We didn't attempt the desserts (with all that meat, we had no room for it!), but they did not appear to be very distinctive.We got in without a reservation, but the hostess told me that often on nights and weekends, they get full and you need to have one. Unlike other restaurants, Bacana Brasil doesn't seem to have a steady stream of guests; rather, it appears that a wave of diners descends around 7:00, remains and enjoys the experience until 9:00, and then leaves. Plan accordingly.
<review# 1556,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/3/2010,4/24/2010,30,78,,13,5>I cannot say enough good things about Bob's!  Growing up on the East Coast, I was used to eating a lot of fresh seafood and was so worried that when I moved to the Midwest that I wouldn't be able to get anything good.  Well, I was wrong!The seafood at Bob's is so fresh...and what a variety!  I couldn't believe it when I saw skate wing (a personal favorite) there!  The staff is also quick, friendly, and very knowledgeable.  I often walk out with printed instructions on how to perfectly cook my purchase...from searing tuna to cleaning and de-bearding clams.  And I think the priced are really reasonable!I'll never buy my seafood anywhere else!
<review# 1557,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/29/2010,4/23/2010,154,611,3,4,3>Oh Grant's Trail, how I have missed thee during the cold weather! Yes, I may be a wuss for not wanting to ride in the cold, but sorry. I'm just not that hard core.Grant's Trail is right by my house (think 2 blocks) so it's awesomely convenient. Even if it isn't, it's worth the trip and struggle with a bike rack. Even when crowded, you can still get a great workout going. There are a lot of places to park along the trail. I absolutely love going by Grant's Farm and seeing the Clydesdales of different generations.It's great for a beginner because it has a gentle grade. Going north is harder so do it first if you can and the way back is a breeze! It's easy to calculate the distance you go based on markers and the website. Long or short rides are worth it. Pretty scenery along the way- not too many stops except for at the north trail head and thereabouts.I can't wait to have more great rides on you Grant's Trail!
<review# 1558,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/6/2010,4/22/2010,361,578,8,7,7>This place is for (Korean) quickies. There's no foreplay (and by that I mean kimchi or banchan). I can be in and out of this place in about 20 minutes. It's fast and satisfying when you're looking to get your bibimbap on (or bulgogi, chicken, whatever your thing is).  Other places can romance you with their dolsot, but for no-frills Korean, here it is. P.S. The farmer's omelette looks SERIOUS.
<review# 1559,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/26/2010,4/21/2010,26,81,5,6,5>Awesome place for lunch, with 5 or so sandwich places within a stones throw of Pickles, I am and will remain loyal to the ruben or the philly at pickles deli for now and forever.I have had about 4-5 different sammy's there but continually go back to the corned beef ruben while my partners in sandwich eating stick with the philly cheese steak.In addition have these awesome potato chips that I haven't seen anywhere else that are crab flavored (sounds weird but try it.) I recall on one of the first times in after they opened, the owner overheard us querying the crab chips and then he gave us a bag to try free of charge. Just like a crack dealer...the first one's free. (Or so I've heard)Friendly staff that will bring your sandwich after they grill it up, as well as clear the table and bring your refills of your fountain Diet Dr. Pepper, a must stop for lunch if you are south of Lindell in the CWE.
<review# 1560,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/22/2008,12/26/2008,27,69,4,5,5>Man oh man, I too was one of the "Viking" (what's in your wallet) contingent to ravage Sweetie Pies on Saturday and I'm still full.It was c-c-cold or much colder afternoon than we're used to and the southern comfort food provided a perfect stick-to-your-ribs meal. My more than generous plate consisted of 2 pork steaks smothered in good brown gravy with sides of  fried chicken wings, spaghetti,  cabbage, stewed okra and a hunk of cornbread .Like Mark said, knives were totally useless for the chops as they were fall off the bone tender. The cabbage and okra were a nice one-two kicker for the meal and the spaghetti had that rustic home made goodness to it. All that was needed was a couple of splashes of hot sauce and the feasting was under way. Definitely a repeat go to place...
<review# 1561,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,5/22/2008,12/25/2008,278,226,4,4,4>I'm going to give them 3 stars for having the cojones to open a mexican restaurant in St. Louis at all.  There hasn't been a decent mexican place there since Flaco's Tacos and I doubt there will be another one in the near future.
<review# 1562,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/14/2008,12/24/2008,319,681,2,8,5>If you like South Indian cuisine (not to be compared with the North Indian restaurants in town), then check out Priyaa.  Priyaa (meaning dear in many Indian languages) is family owned and is filled with Indian and Pakistani families who consider the food to be authentic.  Some may complain that they have had better South Indian food but, you won't find anything better in St. Louis. The South Indian menu includes items like my personal fav--dosas  ($7-$9).  Dosas are lentil crepes stuffed like a burrito with vegetable curries.  They usually include a variety of sambar (sauces).  These are a tasty value.They also have  North Indian items on the menu.  While the Vindaloos are not noteworthy, most of the curries are decent and when ordered ala carte ($11-$14), they include what most local Indian restaurants don't (rice pilaf and paratha, pooris or Nan). For $2 more, you can get the Thali dinner (entree, dahl (lentil curry), sambar, raita, two pooris, papadam, rice pilaf, chutney, and dessert. They also feature a selection of tandoori entrees, the best being the lamb kebabs.  Priyaa offers a small lunch buffet during the week.  Check it out!
<review# 1563,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/29/2008,12/23/2008,1,33,4,4,4>This is pretty much the coolest place in all of St. Louis! It's great for both kids and adults! I would recommend taking knee pads if you're going to be crawling around outside though, I would also recommend wearing comfortable clothes. My husband and I actually ended up going there at the last minutes to take our wedding pictures after it rained on our wedding day and we couldn't get any good outside shots at the park and the staff was so nice and accommodating to us.
<review# 1564,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/10/2008,12/22/2008,32,37,4,5,4>Well, this place was great. Let me first just say I don't think I've ever been to a restaurant with such friendly staff. And I mean like genuinely friendly, not annoyingly so, like when you go to Bennigan's and the server is covered in flair and gives you "shooter" fingers and like sits in the spare chair to take your order like he's your buddy. I really think that if I went into the kitchen at Terrene the cooks would be like, "Oh hey, thanks for stopping by tonight. Take care..."Our server was Ryan, and he immediately made me feel like I was a friend of his who came in to eat. He wasn't overwhelming, and he was really on top of things. The table-check banter was light and easy and brief. Perfect!Ok, the food. It was incredible. We had a couple of the off-menu specials, and everything was really fresh and perfectly cooked. For appetizers we had the mushroom ravioli which was perfectly al dente, the frites which came with one of the best dipping sauces I've ever had, and the gazpacho soup. I wasn't a huge fan of the gazpacho, but I just don't like chilled soup. Otherwise even that had great flavor and was super fresh.For dinner I had the ribs with cole slaw and grilled corn on the cob (amazing, it's all I can say... perfect and amazing), and my friend had the halibut special. I'm not even a fish person and I loved it. Very light, very delish.Then dessert blew our faces off just as much. Vanilla bean pudding?? Are you kidding me! Such a simple dessert but wow so incredible. So light and fresh and just really awesome. We also had the vegan flourless gooey chocolate cake. Yum. Just... yum.This place amazing. I apologize for the lack of a more creative review with more interesting adjectives, but when you eat somewhere that's so simple yet so wonderful, it's sometimes best to just keep it... simple.**Oh, and extra thumbs up for recycling and reusing and composting and then keeping its customers up to date about it in interesting little blurbs throughout the menu. Go there, you'll see what I mean.
<review# 1565,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/25/2008,12/21/2008,0,39,2,2,3>I've been going to this place for at least ten years now. It's changed hands once or twice, but the core menu remains unchanged. Pita Plus is still the best and only place in West County to get a decent falafal. Hell, it's one of the only places in West County to get decent food at all!Vegetarian and vegan friendly, by the way.
<review# 1566,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/24/2008,12/20/2008,35,62,5,4,3>After driving past this place for months on may way to work, I finally lost the will power to resist. I stopped in got a dozen assorted donuts, and brought them in to work. The warm pastry goo-filled, sugary deliciousness hit the freakin' spot. Everyone loved em'. 7 bucks. Way better than Krispy Creme crap. There's love put into these donuts and you can taste it.They also do decorated cakes, wedding cakes, cookies and some sandwiches. Everything I saw in the shop looked delicious, and the help was nice and friendly at 6:30 in the morning.
<review# 1567,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/8/2008,12/19/2008,65,65,8,10,7>Full disclosure: I used to make my living as a food writer/critic for a city magazine (different city).Because of this, my friends hate to go out to eat with me (funny, when the tab was paid for by my company, they loved it); I am constantly underwhelmed. So its of no surprise that my friends were frustrated with me on a random Saturday night, looking for a "decent" restaurant on the Hill. We actually attempted to eat at Cunetto's, but after being told there was a 2 hour wait (at 8:00pm!), we promptly left (note: I still have yet to eat at Cunetto's, so I know nothing of the food, but the smell in the restaurant was terrible.). We drove around the neighborhood, looking for anything that looked promising, and that's when we drove by Anthonino's."Stop." "Why?""Here, we're eating here.""It looks like a mom and pop dive bar.""Its perfect." Anthonino's looks like a place that serves good food. There's nothing fancy about the place--after all, cooks aren't interior designers--its just a giant room where people eat and drink. I'll take good food over ambiance any day.Now, I must admit, I had my doubts when they dropped the menus on the table and I saw "Greek and Italian Food." Its normally never a good sign when a restaurant attempts two different cultures (Ever eaten sushi at a Chinese restaurant? I rest my case). But Anthonino's did a very decent job. Their calamari was the best I've had in St. Louis (on a follow up visit, it didn't taste as fresh, but was still better than the other sad examples of calamari I've had in this town), and the pasta dish I had, while not necessarily "authentic," was delicious. Also, Anthonino's is the first place where I've actually enjoyed the toasted ravioli (every other time I've had St. Louis' famed toasted ravioli, it tasted like standard fried bar food). It was homemade! (I later learned, from a place down the street. Mama Something...)The only problem I had was with the service. Our waitress literally came to our table a total of four times (greeting, drink order, food order and check--she didn't actually bring us anything). She didn't ask how anything was, nor did she bus our table as plates continued to pile up. My friends say its because I have a "look," about me that makes people in the service industry think "oh crap, not 'this guy,'" but I also have crappy friends, so, whatever. The other thing, as noted in a prior review, is that there are a TON of kids here. I'm the type of person that likes to drink away stress, so a few Peronis, and I didn't even notice them; I suggest you do the same. Also, on the aforementioned second visit, a busy Friday night, I found the service to be excellent. But then again, maybe it was due to my successful attempt at appearing "lookless."
<review# 1568,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/26/2008,12/18/2008,31,174,2,2,2>I am really on the border at a 4.5. The case for: This place is awesome. It really probably hasn't changed appreciably in 50 years. They make their own Ice Cream and excellent Hot Fudge (sort of sticky and sugary, a nice and divergent take). The wait-staff was really friendly and the banana chocolate malted that Randy S. consumed was very, very good and probably could have fed a small Central American country for a week. It's a really unique place in America. One of the great old-time spots that still exists and hasn't updated and ruined itself. It also has a tremendous assortment of candies and all that to go if you want.The case against: While the shake was really good, the ice cream was pretty middle of the road and whipped. I am not a fan of whipped, airy, ice cream. The hot fudge sundae was good, but it was fake whipped cream and in a place that goes to the trouble to make it's own whipped cream, there could have been some extra effort here. My pastrami sandwich for lunch was a 3 (but I'm not really using that too heavily). All in all it probably deserves a 5 because it's a really unique and interesting place. It also gets kudos for standing unharmed in a Compton-esque area of the Lou. Okay, I'm going with 5. Just go there, get a shake and don't worry so much.
<review# 1569,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/27/2008,12/17/2008,0,3,2,2,2>Pizza is great and only part of what is superb about this place. The whole crew is friendly, smart about the food and drink and actively engaged in making sure this is a good night for you and your dining buddies. Add to the great food and service the many, many things that are done to make this an eco-responsible place and it rates with the best of the best. I have taken clients, students, friends and my son to Pi - all have liked it a lot. My son was especially impressed and glad to see that the old man is getting it about carbon footprints. Thanks to you all.
<review# 1570,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/27/2011,8/18/2011,86,568,2,4,5>JF's is quite hidden, but quite worth the hunt.  I discovered it via Hot Sauce and took my out-of-town brother for some quality dining.  After giving our order, the owner came over to introduce himself.  We talked for a few minutes, but when he learned I was parked on the street around the corner, he implored me to move into the attached garage and tell the attendant "Joe sent me."  It worked like a charm and I was treated to some free, downtown, indoor parking.  I took an elevator back to the restaurant.  Not too shabby.We continued to experience excellent service throughout the evening, but before leaving the owner came by again to make sure not just the meal was satisfactory, but to make sure my brother was enjoying St. Louis.  There's a guy who cares about his customers, I'll be back for sure.
<review# 1571,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/9/2010,8/17/2011,213,311,,5,6>Came here for lunch with Mom and thought it was great! The place looks sooo cool! Bright colors and art all over the place. They have a nice fireplace with seats nearby, which was perfect on such a chilly day. The menu is small, yet diverse, and I chose to have their California BLT club and it was very good. Never thought to put avocado on a BLT before and I'm a fan! Also the garlic mayo dip for their pomme frites (fries) is a must try! Since their dessert menu is their signature it is a must try as well. I tried a huge mug of their homemade cinnamon apple cider and mmm mmm good! They have a large outdoor seating area that I would love to come back and try when it gets warm again! A great place for a date, birthday dinner,  or a girls night! I heart Cyranos!
<review# 1572,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/27/2011,8/16/2011,98,1037,7,3,3>Let me first state that I came to Joanie's after a long night of drinking in Soulard.  I'm trying to write a fair review, but for the life of me I don't remember all the details.  Here's what I do remember...I chose a hand tossed pizza with chicken, onions, & mushrooms.  Well... I'm actually not sure if I choose it or if they just brought whatever they thought would sober me up.  The pizza was simply awesome.  The marinara sauce that came with the garlic cheese bread was memorable... even in my drunken stooper.  I loved it so much that I must have bothered the waitress about it... my togo box has an extra side for crust dipping later.  LOL... it looks like I remembered to take a Yelp pic before devouring.  There are large chunks of the night that I don't remember... so the fact that I remebered the meal I ate at the end of the night speaks volumes. Service was very good.  I'm sure I was a handful to deal with but the waitress was very friendly and attentive. Don't ask me her name... I don't have a clue.
<review# 1573,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/24/2011,8/15/2011,119,513,1,7,4>The main reason for the 4-star rating is the service.  We were greeted enthusiastically by everyone we encountered on our way in, and between the hostess and the lady that served us, absolutely nothing was lacking in the customer service area!  I would give them 5 stars on customer service alone.  Friendly, checked on us often, great appearance!  Made us all feel like we were regulars even though they knew this was our 1st visit.The space is nice inside, and we were able to sit on the patio.  There was plenty of room on the patio, and it did not feel overcrowded like some outdoor spaces can.For appetizers, we tried the BBQ bacon-wrapped shrimp poppers ($8) and the Pizza Dough for Dipping ($4), and both were really good.  Our server said the shrimp was her favorite, and we could see why.  It came with 8 pcs, and while you could choose other sauces, the BBQ sauce was very good, and I would get that again but more so if the price came down $1 or $2.  The Pizza Dough is basically pizza slices with no toppings - just dough - and comes with marinara and vinaigrette.  This was good to get an idea of the taste of their unadorned dough, but I probably wouldn't get it again, only because it's too much bread for one sitting considering the size of the pizzas.  This app came with about 6 slices.OK, so then the pizzas arrived.  They are pretty good sized; they use medium-sized boxes for to-go orders if that gives you an idea.  After a 1/4 share of the appetizers, I was able to get through only 3 slices, leaving plenty for another meal later.  I did the Make-Your-Own with garlic sauce, mozz cheese, chicken, mushrooms, and artichoke hearts ($9 basic + $2 chicken + $1 ea for veg = $13).  Some sauce choices were tomato, garlic, and BBQ.  Cheese choices were mozz and bleu.  They also had standard pizzas, which my friends ordered.  One had the Canadian bacon and pineapple "PiPi" on BBQ sauce, another had the jalapeno and chorizo-laden "Gringo Starr," and I can't remember our 4th.  All pizzas were quite tasty - a very light and crispy dough, fresh toppings.And while I didn't have a beer, I'm very interested in their draughts from local breweries and look forward to coming back to try those - although a $6 price for draughts might limit me to only one.  On this visit, I had Iced Tea ($2.25).So my only complaint...The menu is small.  I'd like to see a little more variety here.  I'm not sure if this menu we saw at lunch is the same as the one for dinner, but I think it is.  There was maybe a single steak and single seafood offering, a few appetizers that might double as entrees, and maybe 6 signature pizzas, and a couple salads (the small Signature looks good for $5).  The signature pizza choices seemed ok, but none of them struck a cord with me in particular.  I'd like to see more variety in the pizza choices, too - maybe some unique takes on some classics.They did have a bacon cheeseburger special, which has ketchup, mustard, and lettuce on it.  It sounded ok until the ketchup and mustard.  But I'm sure they'll have other specials in store.We also checked in via Foursquare and Yelp and viewed the Facebook site.  It would be nice to see some specials or coupons or something, utilizing the internet/electronic media.
<review# 1574,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/18/2011,8/14/2011,743,1115,,8,5>If you are looking for a venue for a group of your friends and you to hang out for a late night but not too late, come here. Mandarin is a 1am bar/club/lounge that has an Asian-fused ambiance with a great patio, a few reserved tables, 2 fully loaded bars, and dance floor space. Mandarin is kind of hidden off the rest of the Maryland Ave. path. It is on the rooftop overlooking the fountain in the Central West End. With boasting rights of being located there for its fifth year now, Mandarin continues to grow strong and brings in a decent crowd every Friday and Saturday night. These are the only times I've ever been, and it is never boring. As for the rest of the week, I can't review for that.Earlier last week I had contacted the manager Scott to make reservations to reserve a table for a group of about 15 people I had coming for a night out. He was very accommodating. Though he couldn't reserve it since we didn't have bottle service which is $150, he did give my whole group free admission. Usually it is $5 cover, but never more than that. Plus he said we could sit there until the next group got there. They didn't get the for an hour and a half, and by that point my group had already gotten up for dancing, and made their way out to the patio since it was a little warm in the venue. The patio was covered when we went. I am not sure if they covered it because it was raining that night or because it was still cool outside, but either way it remains functioning with a little area where smokers can go out and smoke. Another thing that just crossed my mind is that it is possible that they have covered the patio permanently because of the new smoking ban. If they keep the patio covered, that gives patrons more room to enjoy the non-smoking environment. Personally, as a non-smoker, I enjoyed the open patio where I could enjoy the night sky, but I can see from both views.We were there from 10:30 until closing. The music I think has a 2 hour rotation because we were there long enough for it to repeat itself once over. Music is top 40s with a few throws of 1990s. All of it is dance music with a lot of fun with the floors being packed.Drinks are decent. They are the typical prices you would expect at an upscale establishment. With its New York style meets St. Louis prices, I think they are fair to charge $8 for a martini especially when they are strong. What I don't agree with is how crowded and congested the bars get. There really isn't a set line of who gets what first. It's a flip of a coin really on how long you will be standing there. Prep yourself for up to at least 5 - 10 minutes. I got stuck there for about 10 minutes while I was there. She saw me, but it seemed as if she kept going to the next customer who held out the cash versus the credit card. Once again, that's to be expected when there is a ton of people in this place.Dress code and people types: Dress to impress. Mandarin is a classy place who want classy people. Young professional types aging from 25-40. Not very many college aged types which I am grateful for. Women were there with jeans on and a cute top or cocktail dress attire with heels. Guys were dressed in slacks and nice button downs. I didn't really see many guys with jeans there, but that doesn't mean that you can't wear them, obviously.Overall, I enjoy this place. It is a nice venue that I hopes to remain open awhile. Check it out.
<review# 1575,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/22/2011,8/13/2011,81,110,,4,2>I went to Tami for a cut and color after a recommendation and yelp review from Jackie W.  I was not disappointed. My color looks great.  It's exactly what I asked for and she used this amazing bleach with bees wax that didn't fry my fine hair. Usually right after I get my hair bleached, it tangles really easily because of the damage, but I was shocked as she easily pulled a comb through it. Tami was really sweet and easy to talk to. She was really honest too, which I appreciated. I showed her a picture of the cut I wanted and she said she would do a variation of it, but because of my fine hair she didn't think the exact cut would look right.  It turned out great.  She had feathers in her hair and I just couldn't resist, so she put some in my hair. She said they could potentially last for a month or two. You can curl them, flat iron them, shower with them.  They are pretty jazzy.  Best of all, she did my hair in two hours. While I love my hometown hairdresser, it takes her 3+ hours to cut and color my hair.  She is such a perfectionist and there were times that I would have over 70 foils in my hair by the time she was done with my color. That always meant a fantastic end product, but finding 3 hours in my schedule can be tough.  Tami did a great job in a fraction of the time. It is pretty pricey and I feel a little guilty about how much I spent, but I am really happy with how it looks.
<review# 1576,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/4/2010,8/12/2011,38,146,5,3,5>Holy Ice Cream Martinis, Batman!For that reason alone, I could live here. Decadent, delicious, and alcoholic, much like myself.I loved the dill pickle soup, but some might find it odd.  Also my sandwich was phenomenal.  Downside was a huge group came in (apparently prior to a show at the Fox) and took up the whole dining room, even stealing our chairs and table rather rudely.  The servers apologized and gave us a coupon. score. More ice cream martinis!
<review# 1577,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/3/2011,8/11/2011,42,129,2,6,6>I heard that Di Olivas was opening a second store in my neck of the woods - St. Charles.  I was really excited to stop by because I'd never had a chance to check out their store in West County Mall.  The new store has room to move around in and is decorated very nicely.  The oils and vinegars are all displayed in an aesthetically pleasing manner. I had an awesome first experience!  Robert, the owner, and Valerie, one of the shop assistants, were so helpful, accommodating and nice.  Since I was a "virgin" (oh, puns are so funny), they helped answer all of my questions (for example, what is the difference between white balsamic vinegar and darker colored balsamic vinegar?).  Valerie walked me through the tasting process and offered a ton of pairings, food suggestions, uses, etc.  This was much appreciate because there are so many different types of oils and vinegars here, it's a little daunting at first! I found some great combinations (especially for salad dressings) and ended up buying 2 bottles of vinegar (cranberry-pear balsamic and strawberry balsamic ) and 2 bottles of EVOO (blood orange and sweet basil).  The cranberry-pear balsamic and blood orange EVOO taste so awesome together!  After leaving the store, I promptly hit up the grocery store for some salad fixins and other goodies to use with my new purchases.While oils and vinegars are their main products, they also offer an array of pastas, tapenades, salts and hair/skin products.I will most definitely be back to Di Olivas!
<review# 1578,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/8/2010,8/10/2011,21,91,4,4,5>If Schlafly were a rock band then I would definitely be one of their groupies.  And just any groupie either.  I'd be the one who knows a little too much about the band and posts obsessively on their facebook page and knows weird facts like the name of their first pet or where they went to grade school.Wait, what?  Ok my point is that I REALLY love Schlafly.  Not only do they make amazing beer, but they contribute to the community, have amazing festivals, and support other local breweries.  Even better, their beer is now a ubiquitous presence in the St. Louis area.  I can't think of a single bar that I frequent that doesn't carry their beer.So of course that means I love the Tap Room too.  It's a really great space that's bigger than it looks and is very well utilized.  This is a great post-dinner drinking spot.  The fantastic bartenders will let you sample any of the beers before committing to a pint.  And since this is the capital of the Schlafly universe, you can try most of their beers on a given night here.Food wise, I like it but it's not really amazing.  Like I said, this is a favorite POST dinner drinking spot for me.  To be fair, I've only sampled a small portion of their menu but nothing really jumps out at me.  I don't really hold this against the Tap Room since I view this place as one of my fave watering holes so I don't expect gourmet food.  There are plenty of places nearby for that.Parking is free and they have a large lot right outside the door - very uncommon for downtown.  So if you love beer, you pretty much have to come here.  There are a few other really good microbreweries in town too.  In fact, there is one microbrewery that I actually like just a smidgen better than Schlafly, hence the 4 stars.  Nevertheless, the Tap Room is a great space that you owe it to yourself to check out.  Viva la Schlafly and craft beer in the STL!
<review# 1579,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/26/2011,8/9/2011,140,254,3,5,5>I've been a bad St. Louisan and hadn't visited Eleven Eleven until recently. Oh, how I'm going to make up for lost time!Jenn C., Lisa K. and I recently had one our girly, gabby dinner nights here, and we could have spent the night and turned the joint into a slumber party. The restaurant was just THAT cozy and THAT accommodating. Honestly, with its low lighting, small tables and window views, Eleven Eleven is best suited for romantic evenings out with your beloved, but we girls still enjoyed the hell out of it, threatening to make out in the wine vault. (kidding!)We began with an introduction and recommendations from our fabulously social and attentive waiter, whose name I unfortunately can't remember because it's been a few weeks! But he was awesomely candid about what the best dishes were (and not just shilling the most expensive) and was quite in tune with what kinds of foods each of us liked.We started with some complimentary bread, oil and cheese (the bread wasn't dusted with sage like other Yelpers said - maybe they've changed it?). The bread was pretty soft and airy. I normally don't do the oil/cheese thing, but there was a LOT of cheese soaking up the oil, so I was ok with it.There were a bazillion things on Eleven Eleven's menu that I wanted to try. As a vegetarian who usually gets the shaft in fancy places (Pasta? Again? #SadPanda), I was ecstatic to taste all kinds of vegetables and grains prepared lovingly and creatively. I couldn't settle on one thing, though, so I made a meal of side dishes. The goat cheese polenta, highly recommended by our server, was out of this world. It was heavy and filling and completely stuffed with creamy, delicious chevre. Hands down, this was my favorite dish at the table. I also had the parmesan/butternut squash risotto, which also was creamy, and the garlic and chili pepper broccoli. Oh my gosh, the way this broccoli was fixed puts "fancy" lemon juice-drenched broccoli to shame! Who knew that chilis would combine with this vegetable into such a mouth explosion? The portion for all of the sides were very generous, so I had plenty to take home, and everything reheated quite well.My friends ordered entrees, and I managed to sneak a few bites of Lisa's assorted wild mushrooms - WOW! SO good! I'm going to have to nix the sides and try this next time! Moreover, Jenn was uber-excited that Eleven Eleven provided plenty of gluten-free options and even had a gluten-free menu. How do you like that - a restaurant made sure that a gluten-free diner AND a vegetarian were as loved and welcomed as meat-eater diners! Other restaurants, take note!We finished our meal with some flourless chocolate torta (again, props!), gooey buttercake and cinnamon ice cream. By this point, we needed that button expander thingie for our pants (infomercialspace.com/vid…), but we still shoveled in the treats like there was no tomorrow. Interesting note: The restrooms are in a corner on the second floor. I was on crutches, but Eleven Eleven has a funny "lift" near the front door that took me up so I wouldn't have to jump up the steps. It was like a slow metal elevator that had no top, and Lisa and I cracked up as I ascended. Still, the lift is on the opposite side of the restrooms, so if you can't walk/hobble far, you should know that.Admittedly, this dinner was not cheap - tasty, well-prepared food costs more than your typical sit-down meal. I don't have the cash flow to make Eleven Eleven a habit, but I sure as hell am happy to spend my bucks here for frequent special nights out with good company. Make-out session or not. :p
<review# 1580,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/10/2013,2/2/2013,120,145,2,4,4>Tools, tools and more tools.  This place has just about every possible tool that you could ever need in your garage.  Power tools, air tools and hand tools.  They also carry many other items like small trailer tires, lights and wiring.  Tarps, band saws, gloves, home and garden items.  You name it they probably carry it.Did I mention cheap?  Well they are extremely cheap.  Way cheaper than you can find most anywhere else.  The downside? They are cheap made.  Now, I'm not saying don't buy because they are a lower quality grade tools.  They are fantastic for your home. If you were buying tools to use every day like a carpenter, or technician, then you pay the big buck for high quality tools.  But for a guy like myself that needs them around the house, to put in the back of my truck and use a couple times a month or sometimes a couple times a year, they are perfect!  Hell, most of my tools I end up loosing after the first use, so being able to purchase these items fairly inexpensively knowing that I will end up loosing it anyway or leaving it outside in the rain or whatever, it's the perfect place for my to buy.  I purchase from this location on a regular basis.  The employees are normally very helpful and easy to work with.  They are also very helpful with helping you load larger items without having to wait, indefinitely at some places.If you haven't been through, you should stop by just to wonder the isles.  It's impossible to not find something you need.
<review# 1581,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/15/2012,2/1/2013,185,117,2,10,6>Okay, so I'm pretty much an honorary Filipino...I practically grew up on Filipino food and cook it quite well myself.  So when I heard that there was a Filipino restaurant in St. Louis, needless to say I was pretty intrigued.  Mark my words...Filipino cuisine will be the next big culinary discovery...so glad the rest of the world is now beginning to catch on!The moment I stepped into this restaurant I knew that they were doing something right...the smell wafting  from the kitchen was right on!Their Lumpia is a total hit!  They even make their own Spicy Banana Ketchup Sauce!  I could eat these wondrous fried bites all day, everyday!Their Pancit Bihon Guisado was another great offering!  Squeeze a little lemon juice and add a splash of Patis and you've got yourself a meal that you will continue to eat well past your fill point.  The amount of food they give you is literally enough for three meals. Also, tried their Chicken Adobo...Excellent job! A must try if this is your first visit.For the most part you can't go wrong with any choice you make...I certainly haven't yet! For the price and the amount of food you get...this place is a keeper!  So glad to have a local Filipino restaurant that I can rely on when I get a craving and don't feel like cooking!
<review# 1582,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/3/2012,1/31/2013,123,106,3,5,3>Bobo Noodle House is one of my favorite restaurants in St. Louis. The average entree is priced at about $12.00 and the food portions are large enough to share.  My husband and I do takeout frequently and split one entree.We've tried the grilled curried chicken with roasted peanut sauce (yum!), the coconut curry seafood pasta (ahmazing but very spicy) and several of the soups--including the seafood soup. The seafood soup is my favorite.  It has lumps of shrimp, scallops and mussels.The atmosphere is very chic and intimate.   It's next door to Kayak's Coffee in U-City and is the perfect spot for a first date ... or just a really great meal.
<review# 1583,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/10/2012,1/30/2013,18,87,1,9,5>Amazing!Kari Eakers took over the barber shop when her dad passed away and does an amazing job.  My husband and three year old son both go to her for haircuts -- the little one is autistic and she does such a great job with him.  Even on the days that he doesn't get his hair cut, she puts him in her chair and pretends to cut it and he lets her.  Then he hops down, goes over to the candy box and grabs a tootsie roll :-)  She opens at 6am on Saturday and there is always a line of old guys waiting for their social hour, I mean hair cuts. ;-)  It's a true barber shop experience and you won't find better in the area.  Don't forget it's cash only, no appointments and if you get there too late and she's too full, she will unashamedly turn you away and tell you to come back some other time :-)
<review# 1584,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/4/2012,1/29/2013,44,83,,9,6>Best spice shop I've ever been to.Their house spice mix, the Soulard Grill Mix, is a reason to go in itself. This mix goes great on EVERYTHING - eggs, potatoes, meats, you name it. They've also got other great mixes, like their smoke rub, cherry ribs rub... basically anything you're supposed to rub on something. That's in addition to their very comprehensive spice catalog which contains pretty much everything you'll ever need in lots of different sizes.This place can get pretty busy, but once its your turn to be served the super friendly staff always treat you well. They will let you taste any of the spices, so if you need convincing before you buy you can always ask. Best of all, this place is completely affordable - way cheaper than the spices you'll get in a supermarket. If you like to cook at all, you need to check this place out.
<review# 1585,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/8/2012,1/28/2013,148,199,8,11,8>If this place is famous, then it's a awkward-little recluse, like McCaulay Culkin. Note: This place is now in Jefferson Plaza, in STL's "China Town", off Olive Blvd. Dishes are interesting and complex, with this interesting spice/pepper bang that sends you to the corner fridge for a sweet tea. Make sure you share - the Egg Drop is enough for 4 I'd say, and the Won Ton soup is a nice portion for two, or as an entree. Enjoy the cuisine, and don't get all uppity about the Italian/Asian/French yardsale decor or the big screen with Chinese Music Videos. They only just moved out of a snowcone stand a few months ago, so give them a break on the ambiance. The only thing I'd like to see are more appetizers like spring rolls, egg rolls or dumplings, but maybe that's not the way a true Szechuan rolls.... $ cheap date $
<review# 1586,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/5/2012,1/27/2013,130,56,4,9,8>You have to check out this diner!!  I have been looking for a new breakfast place and this is it.  They actually cook real food, how about that!   'Ive had the biscuits and gravy.  Homemade biscuit's. Yeah!   The omelets were great- the potatoes.  Well, I bet I could get Tracey W. to write a short story on these.  They use REAL potatoes.  They slice them and then fry them with onions.  None of those  weird hash browns over cooked to a crisp thing.  These are like what your grandma would cook or you would cook at  home.  Everything Ive had has been great.  I think about going there around Wednesday afternoon and plan my weekend around a Saturday and or Sunday visit.So, yes maybe its a bit far for some of you.  Who cares,  get down to the Carondelet diner-Tell them you are a Yelper.  They love Yelp.
<review# 1587,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/30/2012,1/26/2013,108,53,8,9,9>Much like City Museum, Busch Stadium, or the Fabulous Fox Theater, Randall's (dare I say), is a St. Louis INSTITUTION. This is my go-to liquor store in South City. With bargain prices, and a jaw-dropping selection of wine, beer, mixers, scotchety scotch scotch and the like, Randall's is booze central. Conveniently, Johnny Brock's, the party supply warehouse, is right next door - this makes for a quick and dirty 1-2 punch for any Mardi-Gras, Halloween, or St. Patty's Day shindig. If you go to Randall's during primetime (aka 5:30 on a Friday), you'll be greeted by friendly staff, friendlier alcohol reps, and yes, even a half-decent DJ. If free shots, dubstep, and beautiful women doesn't get you ready for a weekend of debauchery (or an extended date with your DVR), I don't know what does.Buyers beware: they don't have a ton of chilled beer - you're better off getting that at a nearby gas station or at Schnucks.
<review# 1588,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/4/2012,1/25/2013,396,634,4,13,10>Wow, I really love this place. I have been back a few more times since my previous review. I am always impressed with how delicious their lunch buffet is. I can't even try to explain the different things I have tried here because they are all good and I can't remember the names for the life of me. But I will say that the cashew dish is my absolute fave. Mmmffff! Also the owner is really nice and he brought my friend and I some "Indian nachos" to try when I inquired about one of the buffet items. When we came for the dinner buffet they were playing the movie "My Name is Khan" and we got to watch that while dining. (It's a really good movie.) I want to come back here a thousand million tiiiimes! I have never loved vegetarian food so much in my whole life! o.o;
<review# 1589,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/24/2012,1/24/2013,48,157,15,19,19>Ok, I won't lie, I was a little more than excited to finally get to check out Blood & Sand, but I was also intimidated as hell. A member's only restaurant? Valet? Dressy? These are all things that send me into a mild panic attack. I literally spent the entire day in nervous anticipation. Finding this place is not easy. I work two blocks over and still almost got lost. And yes, the alley/street it's on is sketch as hell, but don't mind the homeless guys, they're mostly harmless, I promise. I only knew where to stop because I saw the valet guys standing on the corner. Now on to the important stuff... their drinks are spectacular in a sneak up behind you and knock you on your ass yet you really don't care kind of way. I had 4 over the course of the evening (we were there a very long time mind you) and each one was unique and delicious. Those bartenders know what they're doing. The food here is fabulous. We started with the truffle tots and then moved on to burgers, which I admittedly felt weird ordering in such a nice place, but dear god am I glad I did. Hands down the best burger of my life. It was delicious! The entire menu looked amazing, you can really tell they take care in crafting it. The atmosphere here is really great; dark yet inviting. The owner (well, one of them) came by our table on multiple occasions to see how everything was and even mixed a round of drink for us himself. It was really a great experience.
<review# 1590,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/6/2013,6/24/2013,92,533,5,11,10>We love this little store.   It's in a very cool old building, which was probably a market in the 30's and 40's (I seem to recall reading it was a Tom-Boy grocery at one time).  Very inviting.  They have a great selection of wine, cheeses and other specialty foods.  I assumed everything would be high-priced, being in such a cool spot in Clayton (I think).  We were pleasantly surprised to see a great selection of wines in all prices.  They also had a few bottles open for tasting - all new to me and all very good.  The staff was very knowledgeable on wines and got us to a few bottles in the style and price range we preferred.  We didn't ask about anything else, but I'm guessing you wouldn't get a dumb look here.  It's clear they put a priority on quality. We bought a few bottles of wine and some local honey.  We also left wishing we lived closer.
<review# 1591,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/6/2013,6/23/2013,185,237,4,10,9>Can a cupcake be savory?Or perhaps the question is whether or not a cupcake should be savory.  Well, I can tell you, my Yeeps, that a cupcake most certainly can!  And this cupcake resides at The Sweet Divine.We were doing laundry at Soulard Soap.  Normally, we drop off our loads and find something to eat and/or drink.  The laundromat owner suggested Sweet Divine across the street, having opened since our last trip to the mat.  Cupcakes for lunch?  That's crazy, right?  More like crazy sexy cool!The Sweet Divine is a simple shop, nothing that really stands out about it.  However, the flavors are unique.  Single cupcakes start at three dollars, similar to the Cup in the CWE.  However, four cupcakes cost ten dollars.  We wanted to get a sample, so we went with Red Velvet, Chocolate Chip Cookie Dough, Banana Cream Pie, and the Drunken Pig!They were all solid efforts, but nothing compared to the Drunken Pig!  Here's the wesbites description:  Newcastle Beer & sharp cheddar cheese cupcake, sharp cheddar cream cheese frosting, topped with BACON!!  Frankly, it sounds gross.  I love all these elements separately, but together?  Unless you're a vegetarian, this cupcake is absolutely perfect.  It was more like breakfast than a cupcake.  The Drunken Pig gives off a muffin vibe, but it's still semi-sweet.  And the texture was still very cupcake-like, lacking the graininess of a muffin.  What struck me most was how the Newcastle didn't make it bitter.  I don't know how else to describe it.  However, I wanted another one almost instantaneously!I will be coming back later this week.  I'm really impressed.
<review# 1592,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/6/2013,6/22/2013,117,126,4,15,9>Definitely a great addition to downtown. I visited MX Movies last Sunday to catch Life of Pi while it's still on the big screen and thought it was a pretty cool place to see a movie. It being a Sunday and downtown, the theater was not crowded at all. Ticket prices are on par with any other theater, and they offer matinee prices for earlier showtimes. The nice surprise was that concessions weren't outrageously priced. With the tablet ordering system, fancy pants menu and it being brought directly to your seat, I figured we'd be looking at room service prices. But $4 for a small popcorn, $8 for a gourmet sandwich and house made chips, etc. seems more than fair to me. They feature lots of local products, like oatmeal cream pies from Pint Size, Kakao and Crown Candy chocolate, and more. The tablet was neat. We didn't have any issues with it, except the calibration was a little wonky. Our food and drinks came out quickly and quietly. The theaters themselves are super nice. Great screens and sound. Big comfy seats. I do wish they'd put a big sign on the garage you're supposed to park in to get the $1 voucher. I may have just missed it, but ended up parking in a different lot for a few bucks more. I'll definitely visit again.
<review# 1593,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/21/2013,6/21/2013,10,68,3,5,4>Stopped in here one night to meet up with my friend before a late meeting.Two great things to point out. Strongbow and the Pizza.First of all it's a nice little bar, I didn't look around too much, but sat at the bar. They have some game machine in the back, and plenty of seating if you don't want to be at the bar.First, they had Strongbow, which a lot of bars don't carry, one of my favorite beers. The bartenders are fast and friendly. As we sat and talked for about 2 hours, they always made sure we were taken care of and provided me with a smile when I changed my minded a few times.Second, since it was getting a bit late, and I was getting a bit hungry, I saw they had a offer for a slice of pizza and a beer for just a few bucks (don't remember the exact amount, but it was cheap). Thinking I would just get a cheap slice of pizza, I just wanted something to fill up my hunger. I have to say, it's really one of the best slices of pizza I have had in a long time. I've been to Pi, Dewey's, Peel, and several other places that have good pizza, and I have to say, with the exception of Peel, this seriously ranked. It's fantastic. Not fantastic for "bar pizza", but for pizza in general. Will be returning in the future!
<review# 1594,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/27/2013,6/20/2013,172,101,3,5,5>I have been to TwinOaks numerous times, and will continue to go back! Casey has really made this place standout with the wonderful staff and lip smacking good food!They have a 3-2-1 Happy Hour that my friends and I always take advantage of, and their Fired Fare Pizzas are so delicious. I highly recommend their "When in Rome" which has prosciutto and mozzarella cheese paired with a garlic sauce, topped with lightly dressed arugula and parmesan cheese! If you might be leaning away from carbs I suggest their Wings and twinOak Signature Salad that has mixed greens, candied walnuts, roma tomatoes, fresh berries and bleu cheese crumbles and their signature vinaigrette!
<review# 1595,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/1/2013,6/19/2013,99,408,2,5,4>Surprisingly good tapas from a place I've never heard of! A bunch of us came for dinner while looking for a "tapas" place. Overall, I find the tapas scene in the Lou to be seriously lackluster. The big namers are either over-rated (Barcelona) or inconsistent (Modesto).I was impressed by what came out of the kitchen on this non-weekend night. The chef definitely knows good flavors. - The grilled octopus was a great appetite-opener (a bit too citric-y on top but tasty overall)- The Lamb kebob was juicy and delicious; the side salad was refreshing and well balanced- The Lamb Tagine had a velvety combination of butternut squash, orange rinds, and apricot and went really well with the couscous. - The Tuna Souvlakia was just a hair overcooked, but the steak was juicy, thick, and well-marinated. - Chorizo Rollo was almost a sister dish of Spanikopita (Vegetarian version). Both have crispy shells and creamy fillings The prices were slightly higher than normal tapas but this was appropriate given the size of the portions (also bigger than normal tapas). Another highlight were the drinks! The sangria was good and we all loved the Dark and Stormy. It had the perfect ratio of rum and ginger beer.  Well done Joyia! What an excellent new tapas place! We ate so much we didn't have room for dessert, but we'll be back!Now if they could bring razor clams and grilled Padrón Peppers onto the menu....I'll love them forever!
<review# 1596,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/28/2013,6/18/2013,114,218,4,8,7>Holy moly...this gal's got a new favorite restaurant in town and it's this place! Came here with the BF Friday night for no special reason. Neither of us had been but had heard great things. We were seated in the back room: lots of brick, dim lights and oh-so romantic. Started off with cocktails. I had the Benton Park and for him the tequila with the burnt orange (forgot the name). Both were nice and strong...what better way to get our appetites going.Our waiter went over the appetizers with us and we knew immediately that we wanted to share the lobster turnovers. Best decision as a couple yet (jk jk)! They arrived shortly along with those amazing butter rolls. Think beignets without the powdered sugar. It took everything in me to not run into the kitchen and snatch the entire stockpile. Apparently, heaven is just a buttery ball of carbs. For entrees the man friend got the wasabi steak and I got the monkfish special. We both got salads to start- house for him and the arugula for myself. Every. Single. Bite. Was perfection. It is one of those meals where as you're taking the last bite you wish you can do it over again (and again, and again). And of course we couldn't leave without ordering dessert. We opted to share the "snicker": a deconstructed snickers bar. Light, fluffy, crunchy, gooey, chewy, sweet deliciousness on a plate is what the menu should list it as. We practically scraped up every last bit. Overall, a well deserved 5 stars. I look forward to my next meal there!
<review# 1597,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/22/2013,6/17/2013,133,63,12,12,5>There are three kinds of places that sell old stuff.1. The places that sell old stuff, know it's old, and call them antiques making it so you can't afford them.2. The places that sell old stuff, know it's old, but also know that just because something is vintage, it doesn't mean it should be overpriced.3. The places that sell old stuff, don't have a clue how old it is, charge almost nothing, but who people like me never go to because I don't have the patience to spend 3 hours rooting through racks of clothing to find a $2 sweater that looks aight. Retro 101 is definitely in the second category. If you like vintage clothing, this is a great place. I could walk in, close my eyes, grab a handful of dresses, and fall in love with all of them. They know what they're buying and they know what they're selling. Do people still watch Mad Men? It screams Mad Men, it screams mod, it screams whatever it is that people used to scream back in the day. Pro Tip: get your old issues of playboy here.They don't just sell clothing, they have an entire basement of weird retro decor. I keep saying retro because honestly I don't know any synonyms for retro. Funky lamps, wall art shaped like things that aren't actually shapes, neat ol' furniture, etc.It's just an all around fun place. Pro Tip #2: Bring cash, and you might be able to get away with cutting a deal. Don't tell them I said this. God I hope they don't read this. I'm just sayin, they might give you that 25$ dress for 20$ if that's all you've got in cash....As far as price is concerned, I think they're totally reasonable. 25$ dress? Where else do you get 25$ dresses? Forever21, so you can wear it twice before it rips? Do people not realize that a lot of the older clothing is made SO MUCH BETTER than a lot of clothing today? I've got stuff from there I've worn so many times I should be embarrassed, and we're talkin dresses that are 50 years old. I'd trust them to protect me during the apocalypse more than I'd trust a bomb shelter ok!We don't have a lot of stores like this in the city, so just get off your bum and go ok!
<review# 1598,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/26/2013,6/16/2013,384,258,3,7,6>Stopped in here by chance one day on my way to Cheap Trx since I had time to kill.  Such a cute shop with all sorts of wonderful things from Indonesia.  There was beautifully painted furniture, many made from wood reclaimed from fishing boats.  Wonderful silk scarves, beaded jewelry, purses, soy candles.....it just goes on and on.  This would be a perfect place to come and get a gift for someone or a gift certificate so they can come themselves.  I ended up getting a pendant type light that had fish on it and some earrings.  I later came back again and bought a huge piece that was made of palm tree leaves all in a circle like a sun with a mirror in the middle.  (See photo)The owner here is extremely friendly and helpful w/o being pushy.  He even carried my purchase out to my car parked at the end of the block. I added a lot of photos of everything so you can see how cool this shop is.  Prices for everyone.Highly recommend!!
<review# 1599,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/14/2013,6/15/2013,90,156,2,6,3>The other reviews have said everything I wanted to say, so far. We came in late in the evening, roughly an hour before close on a Saturday night and it was still packed to the gils. We both got the burger and we were both very pleased. The texture was not like regular meat, it was fall apart in your mouth - brain confusion. My brain could not comprehend that what I was having was indeed a beef burger. It was delicious! Definitively one of the best burgers I have ever had to-date. The burger was evenly cooked as well which is very hard to find. Properly done. Across the board. Fries were a bit too salty for me, but they were not seasoned with just salt. They were kind of garlicky. And I love Garlic! I still ate them!Had a glass of one. Ambiance is definitely unique, butcher / restaurant? Very interesting design and interior decoration. I really liked it. The house chardonnay was a nice option. We will be back.
<review# 1600,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/5/2010,4/15/2011,65,153,17,11,9>YES!  Eat it!  Love it!  Don't look me in the eye!  Just eat it!!!  Oh God, I can see my ancestors looking down (some looking up) at me and nodding their head with approval!  Gimmee more!Good stuff.  My wife and I have driven by this place many times, and we kept saying, "Man, we gotta go here sometime!"  But it was always in the evening when it was closed.  However a stroke of genius and an alarm clock brought on a glazed moment of truth when we woke up one day and grabbed us some goodies from Tony's.The doughnuts here are great, but what's even better is the atmosphere.  This place is tucked away in a slowly-dying strip mall, and you may miss it because it's not in a high-traffic area (although it's ironically near the I-270/I-70 intersection).  Upon entrance, you are smacked in the face with a delicious baked smell of goodness, and you just want to sit down with Wilford Brimley or Ben Matlock to enjoy a pastry or three.Great prices, good coffee, great atmosphere.Small, local doughnut store.  Come here and bring a dozen of these treats to work...it's completely up to you if you want to share.
<review# 1601,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/23/2010,4/14/2011,129,181,9,7,5>Gosh... um, jeez.  I don't know how to come out and say it without my face turning red so here goes:Even though I'm not a stoner, I could eat this (STL-style) pizza every freakin' day of my young, pathetic life. Pick one up at Local Harvest grocery (though on their website they list a billion other local spots that carry their 'zas) and un-freeze in the warmth and caring of your hearth tonight.This frozen pizza is no joke:A homemade St. Louis style pizza, full of oregano and spices with an insatiably crispy, layered crust.  This pizza puts many restaurant-made pies to shame.Some typical flavors like veggie, sausage and pepperoni; Some non-typical flavors like buffalo chicken.I highly suggest the next time you get the urge for a lazy-lady night of frozen pizza and boxed wine (though I really don't recommend boxed wine, unless in dire emergency) try Dogtown Pizza.  It really is the real thing, and that's not the herb talking.
<review# 1602,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/19/2010,4/13/2011,100,105,3,12,11>Thank you Nora's!!!  A great deli that's centrally located, has fresh ingredients, smokes their own meats, AND.......has gluten free bread!!!!  I literally did a happy dance.  Not only do they have gluten free bread, but it's really excellent bread from FreeRange Cookies in Ferguson.  The people were really friendly and while the place is tiny it has a great vibe.  I got the Pete's Sake and J got the Layton.  Both were excellent.  Potato salad is from a container but it's really decent.Not sure of the specifics but they have a deal that between 5pm and 7pm you pay the amount for your sandwich that you arrive at the restaurant.  Get there at 5:15pm--you pay $5.15.  Get there at 6:45pm--you pay $6.45.  You get the picture!  I think that's a pretty cool incentive to get people in the door.Check it out if you're in the mood for a good sandwich!
<review# 1603,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/29/2011,4/12/2011,396,634,9,9,6>Great shop, and wonderful piercing/tattoo parlor. I like going there for last minute uhhh fetish stuff like tights, shoes, lingerie, toys, etc.  ;-)I also decided to get my ears pierced for the first time ever at the piercing half of the shop back in September. I am SO glad I went to Cheap Trx and not some scummy mall piercing place. They use actual hypodermic needles to pierce...and they are SHARP as they should be....not dull/blunt/worn down piercing gun tips. *shudders*  The guy who pierced me, Stan, has been piercing for a reeally long time, like 20something years or more? Anyway....he was really helpful in providing all the info. I needed to keep my piercing clean and to help it heal faster. Also the staff in the shop part are very helpful too, they even offered to special order me some boots because they didn't have any in stock in my size. I love their penis shaped muffin pans. Just sayin'.
<review# 1604,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/29/2010,4/11/2011,193,50,2,6,3>When you look at things that make a great St. Louis business, you have to you look at everything from customer service down to a quality product. Schlafly does that and more. The Bottleworks is the heart of Schlafly Beer. Schlafly Bottleworks use to be a Grocery store a long long time ago. Now it has been turned into a beautiful facility were the local beer is created and in addition there is a bar and full restaurant available as well. The menu at the restaurant is pretty impressive considering there is no deep fryer. Chances are you will find your favorite after multiple visits but the Pulled Pork with Billy Goat Chips are my favorite. Also in addition to the beer they have other soft drinks available. But folks who eat meat and love veggies should have no problems finding anything to eat.The bar is your standard bar for the most part and the bartenders are really attentive and enjoyable. But the highlight would the special brews that are on tap only at Bottleworks. I recommend the Blueberry Cider if you get a chance. Surprisingly delicious. Also the prices aren't a lot either. And they are smoke free FTW! Now if you are a person that likes to get a little more out of there visit to a Bottleworks, there is always the Schlafly Bottleworks tour. Outside of the main brewing area, you can look at the mini beer museum and learn about the rich history of beer in St. Louis. The tour guides are very knowledgeable and some are even home brewers so there is rarely a question that will stump them. Plus they can explain everything in terms everyone can understand. And the beer tastings are the best part (if you are of age). Plus if you want to take a piece of Schlafly home, you can go to the gift shop and take a growler or buy a shirt.Between the tour, the food and the bar you have a great place to go. And I haven't even touched the fact that they have live music on a regular basis plus a weekly Farmer's Market and other events that go on there. If you haven't been to Schlafly Bottleworks then you should go as soon as possible. If you have gone before, then you should come back soon. It's just that awesome.
<review# 1605,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/10/2010,4/10/2011,144,93,3,8,8>I have a friend. She is one of those go-getter kinda girls that loves culture and enjoys learning (Weird, huh? Who enjoys learning? Hehe..) about history and the arts. Needless to say, I had been living in St. Louis for about a year, and she happened to visit one weekend. That weekend, she came in on a train with a mission. Her mission? Navigate through the Citygarden!! I humbly asked if I could tag along on her quest! She decided to let me be a part of the learning experience, and I am so happy that she did! Citygarden was a great experience! There are different pieces of artwork on display, and the coolest part? There is a phone number you can call to learn more about each art piece as well as the artist! They have awesome narrators like Murphy Lee from the St. Lunatics, Kurt Warner from the St. Louis Rams, and so many more. After spending your time walking around the citygarden, there is also a small fancy restaurant called "Terrace View" right smackdab in the middle of it that is great for intimate conversation and catching up. Overall, Citygarden was a grand experience. It could be a fun date-place if your significant other enjoys a nice walk and is interested in art. It's definitely worth checking out!
<review# 1606,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/22/2010,4/9/2011,60,293,5,5,5>I really should have reviewed this before now, so I'm going to jump into my hot tub time machine and go back a few months to yelp about this great restaurant. Went here with Stephanie B and her dad for a nice meal out. Pretty much everything I had here that night was great, and the duck still makes my mouth water when I think about it. We started off the night with a few appetizers, the blue cheese tart, pot stickers, honey mustard shrimp and lobster turnover. They were all fantastic, and it would be hard to declare a winner out of those four.  When it came down to entrees the applewood smoked duck caught my eye. The waiter was quick to point out that it was fairly smokey tasting so I knew what I was getting myself into. I still went with it and wow, am I glad I did. It was by far the best duck I've ever had and when I go back it will be hard to not repeat my order. Yea, it was that good. I didn't possibly see how we could eat any more, but the dessert menu was calling all three our names. From the dessert menu we each selected something and shared. The white chocolate turtle brownie, dark chocolate turtle brownie, the root beer float and some kind of cheesecake, chocolate I believe. The turtle brownies were amazing and I literally could not stop eating them even though I was beyond stuffed. As Stephanie B mentioned there was something peculiar about the root beer float. My cheesecake, while pretty good, unfortunately fell short of satisfying my craving for cheesecake. This was not the cheesecake I was looking for. All in all this was a fantastic meal, service was spot on and the ambiance of the back room was nice. I won't hesitate to go back to Sidney Street Cafe as I know I will walk away satisfied.
<review# 1607,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/8/2010,4/8/2011,18,55,2,5,5>Fitz's Root Beer is renowned for being another example of excellence in Saint Louis cuisine. Chances are if you grew up here you already know the name and have the warm and fuzzies for this place. But does it live up to the hype? Judging by the stars up there, you can safely say it does for me!The place is huge, featuring a soda bar on the main floor and a windowed room looking into a portion of their assembly line. I don't think I've never seen it in operation though- maybe it's been decommissioned? A flight of stairs takes you to the next level which features another soda bar and chairs crowded around the atrium railing- giving you a great vantage point for people watching. Let me just start by saying that of all the root beer out there (A&W, Mug, Barq's, Jones, IBC) I think Fitz's is the best. It's extremely smooth, doesn't have too much head and has a rich root beer flavor. It's even better when it's being served to you in a chilled glass mug, which is EXACTLY how they serve it here! There's something really refreshing about an endless supply of ice cold root beer, with a slight head of foam in a frost covered mug. Ah! I had the black and blue burger- and what Fitz's online menu doesn't say is that you can substitute the patty for a veggie burger- which is exactly what I did. Please understand how much of a risk it is to eat healthy. When the average person thinks 'veggie burger' they immediately think 'bocca burger' which, in my humble opinion, doesn't even really constitute food. It's like a filler. Like nutritious packing peanuts. So imagine my elated surprise when the burger came out and NOT ONLY did it look awesome, it TASTED awesome! Crispy! Juicy! MEAT FLAVORED, MEAT TEXTURED manna from heaven! Color me impressed! And what goes great with a burger? You guessed right, a huge pile of fries!  Which I am ashamed to say I punished my stomach by eating every last crumb. For a hearty, filling meal, for the exquisite root beer and for their culinary prowess regarding faux-meats all for just over $10 bucks, Fitz's lives up to the St.L hype in my book.
<review# 1608,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/27/2011,4/7/2011,11,77,5,7,6>I like fries.  I like fries with ketchup, with mayo, with chili, with cheese, with bacon.  I also like breakfast.  I like biscuits and gravy, pancakes, French toast, bacon, eggs.  And after going to the Bleeding Deacon, I've learned that I LOVE breakfast on top of fries.  The Fries and Shine is green onions, a fried egg with a soft yolk, and breakfast gravy on top of crispy, golden fries.  I busted the yolk with a fry and dipped the fries into the warm, oozy goodness.  This is the hangover breakfast you wish you'd thought up.I also ordered the 'Wich Came First, which is a sandwich with grilled chicken breast, bacon, fried egg, swiss (though I substituted mozzarella), and red pepper sauce.  The sandwich was alright-ish.  It was kinda messy so I ditched the bun and just ate it with a fork and knife.  Also, the egg on my sandwich was not cooked very well--the yolk was runny and good but the whites were burnt a lot on the edges.I picked smoked mac & cheese as a side.  I can't say no to mac & cheese, and this was smoked.  What does that even mean?  I don't know, but I had to try it.  It was really good.  Smokey, white cheese sauce and green onions on mostaccioli noodles.I also ordered a beer.  But Amy, it's only 1:00.  So.  What of it?  I was looking at their list of beers on the wall, and it was fairly long with more than just the standard stuff.  I ordered my go-to beer, Boulevard Wheat, but the taste wasn't quite right.  I decided that was a sign that I shouldn't be drinking 3 hours after waking up.The feeling of the place is interesting.  I've driven past it a lot, and I kinda ignored it for a long time.  I thought it must just be another dive bar with nothing special.  I mean, it is next to Simple Pleasures Boutique.  Even when you walk in, it looks like just another south city bar.  But then I heard La Roux playing.  And I see a younger cook and waiter/bartender.  The waiter was friendly and helpful (and not mildly hostile to new people like in some bars).  The menus are on old record jackets, and they offer a pretty nice selection.  This is not just another south city dive bar.  I completely underestimated it.  This is a place where I think it would be fun to be a regular.  (I don't drink enough to be a regular anywhere, but if I did, I'd want to hang out here.)
<review# 1609,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/25/2011,4/6/2011,238,242,3,9,6>A friend of mine was going on and on about how great their food is, so I pulled up the reviews on Yelp.  After seeing several that proclaim it to be the "best Mexican food in St. Louis" I knew I had to go right away.Upon arrival, we were immediately seated by the friendly staff in this cozy and dimly lit establishment which was busy for a Monday night.  The compulsory chips came with a trio of different salsas.  The chips were fresh and perfectly salted, and the salsas were good, but not outstanding in my opinion.   For what it's worth, I tend to give extra points for cilantro and extra spicy types of salsa.   From the appetizers listed on the menu, I ordered the Quesadilla Del Mar, or seafood quesadilla, for $9.25.  This thing was loaded with cheesy filled goodness, but a little light on the seafood which consisted of small flakes of fish as opposed to huge chunks of prawns.  I enjoyed it nonetheless and would have actually been satisfied with this as my meal.  I ordered the small "create your own" combo plate for my main course at $9.25.  You get two choices for the small combo or three for the large.  Options include: tostada, enchilada, tamale, sope, flauta, or gordita.  I tried the chicken enchilada and the cheese and jalapeno tamale.  The enchilada was delicious, probably one of the best I've had, and the tamale was quite good although I wish I would have tried the pork tamale.  When I go to a Mexican restaurant, I always have to order a side of pico de gallo ($1.50).  Pueblo's pico de gallo (or pico de callo as listed on their menu) is some of the best I've ever had!  Additionally, I always have to try the guacamole and I'd say that this was also top notch fresh and delicious!I can't declare this place to be the best Mexican food in St. Louis just yet, but it is worth 4 stars and some future return visits for further evaluation.
<review# 1610,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/12/2011,6/17/2011,72,204,4,6,2>I almost feel like I'm cheating on Pi for posting a 5 star review for another deep dish pizza joint, but man was this stuff good!! To justify my infidelity, I'll just say, that Black Thorn and Pi are equally as amazing, but in different ways. I visited Black Thorn on Saturday night while catching up with family. Between 7 of us, 2 pizzas were plenty. The pie was big and loaded with toppings. The bread was thick, crunchy on the outside, soft on the inside, and the cheese was plentiful, and the sauce was perfectly seasoned with a bit of a kick. The atmosphere is a pretty typical dive bar, but there is a fun kitchy-ness to it with all the wall graffiti. They even have darts and shuffleboard which was a favorite among the men in the group. You order at the bar and when your food is ready, your name is called over the PA system set up in the building. Loud and obnoxious? Yes. Effective? Absolutely.   Now, the next statement I'm going to make might have a few people gagging, but I'm not too proud to admit it:Sometimes you just want greasy, heavy, "not good for me" pizza to satisfy the junkiest of junk food cravings. This was a winner. I didn't feel sick or uncomfortable afterwards, but you knew you just ate more than your day's worth of calories. WORTH IT!
<review# 1611,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/23/2011,6/16/2011,108,53,4,7,6>For those that don't know the story behind the Lemp Mansion, I encourage you do so before you read this review, a lot of cool background there. Semi-related, can you even remember life before Wikipedia?But I digress. Our department went to the Mansion today to celebrate a co-workers 15th anniversary with the company. She claimed that she never had a problem ordering different things on the menu since everything was delicious. Most of the entrees were between 8 and 13 dollars, which was fair. The waiter started us off with some fresh rolls with honey butter (I'm a big fan of that salty sweet combo). A few of us ordered the Szechwan Pasta with either chicken or shrimp. It came with steamed broccoli, parmesan and provel cheese, and a cayennne/cream sauce. I had no complaints with the dish - except I wish it would have had more chicken.Another co-worker ordered roast beef (dipped in au jus) and swiss sliders that came on wheat pretzel rolls. It looked delicious!For dessert, they had everything from New York cheesecake, to lemon meringue pie. I ordered the carrot cake (which came without raisins or walnuts, thank you!) with cream cheese frosting. The mansion also features Murder Mystery Dinners for small groups and on Sunday's they have family style meals where they bring out large portions of chicken, glazed ham, potatoes, green beans, etc. You can also order a few of the beers produced by the Lemp Brewery, including their Jurassic Dark beer. If you're a lover of haunted places, old mansions, and/or great food, stop by the Lemp Mansion. With hauntingly good eats, a spooky atmosphere, anyone in St. Louis would kill to be here.
<review# 1612,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/22/2011,6/15/2011,207,169,4,9,12>Kilt me I'm Scottish! My current Boyfriend Nameless is an intermediate scotch aficionado and has never been to TSA so I decided to take him there for his birthday last Friday. Before going, I emailed TSA and asked if they put together whiskey dinners on request. My brother and his wife go to TSA all the time and I've heard of them putting on whiskey dinner nights. The owner Alistair replied to inquire about price point and my boyfriend's tastes and told me he'd put something together. When we got there, the owner came over to our table and wished Boyfriend Nameless a happy birthday and told him he'd be taking care of his whiskey choices for the evening according to what we ordered. This really made the dinner feel extra special. And, it helped us out a lot because the whiskey selection is huge and none of us there knew enough about whiskey to know what exactly we were ordering. Our waiter was also very friendly and helpful in answering all of our questions.I ordered the fish and chips and was so glad I did. I got a huge piece of fish with the best fries ever and the lemon caper sauce was amazing.  I could dunk anything in that stuff. After two apps, two entrees, scotch samples, dessert, and a handful of beers between us, I was shocked by how affordable our bill amount came to! I did see on the bill that they gave us a discount for "birthday." Cutest and nicest thing ever!! Thank you Ali and TSA!!
<review# 1613,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/21/2010,6/14/2011,92,533,2,7,6>A soon as I walked in the door at Pueblo Nuevo, I knew I was going to like it.  It kind of looks like a restaurant you'd find in a small town with it's vinyl tablecloths and tables all in rows, but the aroma here is like no other place in town, and it really seemed very familiar.  I've been to so many Mexican restaurants over the years, I couldn't place it at first.   After a while it came to me, though: my first job was at a Mexican restaurant and this place had the same smell.  I'm guessing the cooks here must have come from the same part of Mexico, because the food I ordered - chicken enchilada in verde sauce plus beans and rice - also brought back memories.  Pretty sure those guys were all from Mexico City.  The style of cooking appears to be different than some of the taquerias around town, but not in a bad way at all.  The deep red salsa was awesome - HOT, but so tasty I couldn't stop eating it.   It's been a while since I left a restaurant with my tongue in so much pain - you might want to ask for a glass of water along with your drink.  That enchilada, though, WOW.  The best I've had in St. Louis hands down, maybe anywhere.  The beans were very good also.  Rice seemed to be a higher quality than usual, but not much flavor.  Bottom line - if you like Mexican food, go try the chicken enchilada verde today.  It doesn't get any better than this.
<review# 1614,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/28/2011,6/13/2011,159,623,12,13,9>There was something that caught my eye about this former coffee shack on the side of Manchester... that fact that it actually called itself out on serving Szechuan food... the fact that it's run by a lone old lady... and the fact that it's in a freaking coffee shack building.I was going to just do the drive through but she convinced me to eat in... at a stainless steal table where she's also preparing food on...This place has even more of a feel of a street vendor than the Chao Zhou place.  Here's how the conversation started (entirely in Mandarin)Lady:  "Where are you from?"Me:  "Oh I was born in New York..."Lady:  "ooooooh ABC ah!"Btw, ABC stands for American Born Chinese.So yeah this place just opened up and since it's just one person doing everything, you can't expect the food to come out quickly.  She was super nice and shortly after my food was on the table, these two Chinese UMSL students came in and bantered with her like she was their mom (she wasn't... she told me her life story shortly before...).  If you aren't comfortable with eating IN a small kitchen, I suggest that you call in your order and get stuff to go.  She dooooes accept Discover, but cash is definitely preferred.As I thanked her for the food, I stepped out... Lady:  "He's an ABC!"UMSL Student girl:  "Yeah I figured...."Onto the food, which is almost all under 6 bucks, btw...The Dan dan noodles were quite awesome.  It had all the flavor I was looking for.  I have absolutely no need to even bother ordering this anywhere else.  Same for the spicy wonton (hong you cao shou) soup.  These are two dishes I have tried over and over all over St. Louis and was never satisfied until now.  I am totally coming back here to try everything else she has.*edit:  Brought the wife there aorund 8pm and the lady was like "why are you eating so late?!""Black Sauce Noodle" (za jiang noodles) which didn't really have black sauce... but was freaking yummy and I'm definitely getting this next time... Beef Noodle Soup - more noodles than soup but that's how I like it and it's a great not-too-big portion size for $4.99 too.Sweet Dumpling Soup (tang yuan) - freshly pinched rice flour dumplings in that slightly sweet fermented rice soup thing.... delicious.
<review# 1615,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/15/2010,6/12/2011,165,166,6,13,12>I was one of the lucky few that got to go on a cemetery tour with St. Louis author Carol Ferring Shepley.  Shepley wrote a wonderful book called Movers and Shakers, Scalawags and Suffragettes: Tales from Bellefontaine Cemetery, so you can imagine that this tour was out of the ordinary. We were on the tour for two whole hours and I felt like we barely saw anything. We stopped by a couple of the famous graves (I didn't even know William Clark was buried in St. Louis!), but her real specialty was a little more off the beaten path. With her connections with St. Louis history and restoration, she was able to get us access to a few of the mausoleums. She told us delicious stories about the Wainwrights and the Lemps. See, the Wainwrights built their mausoleum on top of a hill with a view of the river.  Before prohibition, the Wainwrights were brewers in competition with the Lemp brewers. Because of this long-standing family feud, the Lemps built their intentionally taller mausoleum across from the Wainwright's, blocking their view of the river. Oh snap!We were allowed access to both structures. The Wainwright tomb was probably one of the most amazing things I've ever seen. It's all mosaic from the floor to the middle of the ceiling. The material in the mosaic is so rare now, they couldn't even restore broken pieces with the accurate stone. We were also granted access to Henry Clay Peirce's mausoleum, which has authentic Tiffany stained-glass windows. Shepley was an incredible story teller and kept us captivated the whole way through. She told us way more that I can even fit in this review. I believe there are maps to the cemetery and markers on the graves of historical figures, but the whole area is full of that morbid beauty that fewer and fewer cemeteries have these days. We saw so little of the cemetery; I look forward to going back in the spring to hike around on foot like a bonafide tourist.
<review# 1616,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/5/2011,6/11/2011,457,314,6,18,11>My wife and I took our CCW class here. 8 hours of class time was looong.  But you finished and you can make a clear decision on whether you want to continue to get your concealed carry or not.  At first I was not sure I wanted the responsibility of the carry thing.  Things happen for a reason and I chose to move forward with the process.I have used the range 3 times to date and find it to be a great place to practice your shooting skills.  On my last visit my wife shot for the first time a bigger caliber gun ie not a 22.  One of the instructors was in the range and was kind enough to show her a few tips to help correct mistakes.  Very nice man.  It has been noted that some of the people here are snobs.  True.  But on each visit I have met some employees that really seem customer focused.  Thanks goodness they are the majority.  After shooting here for my qualification part of the CCW I joined their club.  It seems to be the most inexpensive way to go here.  With the club membership you also get discounts on shooting supplies and guns.  Note the guns here are priced very competitive and the extra discount means a good deal just becomes better.Some people choose to clean their shooting areas while others don't.  They do have available the equipment to clean up after yourself and it only takes a few moments.  Since this is the only club I belong to other than Sam's and Costco I kind of feel responsible to keep my area clean and try to be on my best behaviour.  If you want a clean, safe place to hone your skills try it.  As noted in other reviews this place is kind of "far" away but with the highways I can get there in about 20 mins.  not bad coming from Manchester.
<review# 1617,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/23/2010,6/10/2011,42,71,9,6,10>There's a scene in the Muppet Movie that I think about every time I go to Pop's; the one where Fozzie and Kermit walk into the Presbyterian church where Dr. Teeth and the Electric Mayhem are practicing and Fozzie turns to Kermit and says, "They don't look like Prezbyrtarians to me."The first time I came here I glimpsed an audience of 20-something math nerds, neo-hippies, and trucker-types all grooving to the same Rob Schneider lookalike who was making love to a guitar with tassels tied to the tuning knobs. I ordered a beer and took a seat at one of the five or so tables squeezed into the place and found myself sharing particle board with a talking Dean Martin statue and glancing at family photos and postcards pasted to the side of a typical household fridge from which the bartender was frequently grabbing longnecks to serve to the cash-only-paying patrons at the bar. I lingered. And lingered. And lingered, entranced as much by the old Budweiser bubble lantern thing hanging from the ceiling as I was by Rob's endlessly shuffling feet up front. And then I lingered some more, because that's what you do at Pop's. Time seems to stand still, and you refuse to step away from the Dean Martin statue or the postcards or the Presbyterians. Because why would you want to?
<review# 1618,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/12/2011,6/9/2011,56,220,2,4,4>When I go to Cherokee, I frequent a different restaurant and this was maybe my 3rd time at Neveria, something was just ON this time, my torta was perfect, and way too big! I was excited that it was too big, because I was starving and did not want to go home hungry.I did order horchata however, and this was so sweet that I couldn't eat my normally scheduled Sunday ice cream.  The service was prompt and friendly and the place was pretty full.  Even though we sat actually in the window of the store, it was one of the last tables available.The next time I'm craving mexican food, I will go out of my way for Neveria.
<review# 1619,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/28/2010,6/8/2011,29,78,2,5,3>My boyfriend and I went to Luciano's last night.  I expected it to be quite full and busy, however maybe about a quarter of the place was filled, most likely with people staying at the Ritz.  The place was also much nicer than I expected; glad we had decided to dress up!I had the caesar salad and it was great (and huge).  For an entree I had the bistecca steak with a potato gratin and asparagus.  Everything was perfect, and the portions were large enough for me to be enjoying everything again tonight.  The steak was the most expensive thing on the menu - $16.50, so their prices are very reasonable.The service was very good as well; we were in the back corner but weren't ignored.I would highly suggest Luciano's as a great place to go out with friends as a slightly upscale place without the cost.(Also, be forewarned:  they do not accept Mastercard.)
<review# 1620,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/15/2011,6/13/2012,162,304,4,7,5>Since the bf is from Chengdu in the Szechuan province of China, as soon as he finished his medical boards yesterday (he's so Asian), I brought him here for a congratulatory dinner after discovering it on Yelp (thanks Yelpers!)It was one of the weirdest experiences I've ever had in Saint Louis but still pretty fun.There was another couple sitting in there and eating and at first we thought we'd just eat it in the car because it didn't look like we could fit in there (the only table in there is half used as her cooking area), but they somehow made room since the lady insisted our food wouldn't taste good to-go. The place smelled just like every street food stall in China so I knew that was at least a good start.I had the regular wonton soup while the boyfriend had the dan dan mien and the spicy wonton soup.I tried some of the dan dan mien and from one piece of noodle, my mouth was burning. My boyfriend was sweating like crazy by the end of it, which his family marks as a sign of a great meal. They love those numbing szechuan peppercorns and this lady packed them on.As for me, I found the wonton soup too salty for my taste... I would have like to add some water but I didn't want the lady to see me do it. She was very talkative/animated to the bf, referring to me as "his old wife" in Chinese (ugh).But it was still pretty awesome to see her make the wontons from scratch while we were there, folding them up and everything. Another guy joined us and we ended up making friends at the little table! So random yet highly amusing.The bf is itching to go back, and I will probably return as well... the beef noodle soup looked delicious!There are a lot of Chinese grad students at WashU who frequent this place, and she said summer is an off time but the rest of the year there can be up to a 2 hour wait. Since the kitchen is ridiculously tiny and there is only one of her, I would really not like to come here during peak hours.She didn't charge us for the water but we left a good tip. It felt like being back in China, although I haven't had wonton soup outside of China that's been comparable. My bf was in heaven and said it was a little taste of home.
<review# 1621,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/7/2012,6/12/2012,23,185,5,5,5>Ok, so the Pub Crawl ended at Colorado Bob's.  I have to say I love the name and the theme inside this freaking awesome dive bar.  Now I know why they call it Ship of Fools because we were all acting like fools by the time we were ready to leave for the after party. The inside of the bar looks like as if someone took the sets of Bikini Bottom and Hook and threw them inside a dive bar.  I had the Sponge Bob Squarepants theme in my head most of the night as I was drinking here.  The place isn't that large but somehow we filled the place up and had a great time.  The bartenders were great all night and the bar manager was super cool to talk to about Hockey, too bad the Blues lost 3-1 that night.   When will my next cruise aboard Colorado Bob's Ship of Fools happen? Who knows but I'll be as drunk as the rest of the crew!
<review# 1622,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/9/2011,6/11/2012,108,88,2,9,6>I love this place and it's pretty close to home!  JJ's has really great burgers and pizza.  The burgers are fresh and made daily and never frozen.  Even the bison burger isn't frozen.  There are lots of specialty burgers to choose from, which I like.  They have a really good blue cheese and bacon burger, called the Black and Blue (I think).  The other menu items not too not worthy, but not terrible.  Just your standard American fair for those who don't like to venture out of their safe place.  The french fries are regular ol' crinkle cut, but I love them so it works out for me.  Onto the pizza.  I ordered a personal size pepperoni and mushroom, my standard.  It was awesome gooey cheese-y, gooey-ness.  They probably use provel and that is fine by me and thin crust.  The personal pizza was enough for me to be full.  A small salad might have been nice, but the pizza was already $9 or so.       Breakfast is good.  It's been over a year since I have been for breakfast, but it is your standard eggs, bacon and pancake type stuff.  It's definitely time for another visit.I've visited for lunch and was in and out.  I like it when I don't have to ask for the check.  I've also walked in a half an hour before close and was treated just as nice as if it was opening time.  We didn't realize they closed so early so we hurried up, but there was no rush at all.  Our server was so nice and helpful!  I asked her lots of questions about the burgers and pizza and she had all of the answers and was nice about it.  That makes me so happy.     Everyday JJ's has a special, it's listed on the board as soon as you walk in.  They're good specials, too!  Like all you can eat fish and chips and kids eat free.  I can't remember the specific days for them.  The decor is like a run down Applebee's with a car theme.  Everything is old, but I like it some alter ego way.  JJ's hosts car shows once a month or so from 4pm-8pm (I think).  The parking lot is full of old cars and their owners waiting for you come come by and take a look.  The restaurant and bar offer specials on those days spacial for the car show.  JJ's is an all around cool place.
<review# 1623,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/9/2012,6/10/2012,116,75,1,5,4>Like walking into a serene spa that serves up the best Indian, Nepalese and Korean food in St. Louis. Everything at Everest is healthy and homemade. The owner has a real commitment to the city of St. Louis and the people of his home country Nepal. So visiting here supports both communities To Try:Vegetable MoMo (like a steamed samosa)Chicken Bolgoke (comes with traditional Korean sides including Kimche)Any of the traditional Nepalese dinnersThe lunch buffet!I know I am echoing what many of the others have said that this is a fabulous restaurant, great food, friendly service...but if we are all saying it, it must be true! Make sure to visit either the downtown location or the Manchester restaurant soon!
<review# 1624,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/2/2012,6/9/2012,56,220,,8,3>I know they want the cheesecake to bring you in, but since De.lish is so close to work we come here for lunch, and now we can do breakfast too!  They just started selling their breakfast sandwich "The Starter"  and I have yet to try 2 of the sandwiches. My favorite is the Louie, the roast beef is so tender and melted with the cheese and the pepperoncinis and the spicy au jus... I may have to go there for lunch today!  Nope, they are closed on Mondays, I guess they deserve a day to rest.They recently added the Inferno which is a spicy sandwich, I have not gotten to try yet, but I'm sure it is fantastic, they have not let my taste buds down yet! The McGregor is the original chicken sandwich, I have not tried it yet, but I have heard rave reviews from my co-workers.If you do have a sweet tooth, I have not tried any of the cheesecakes, but I have tried some of the cookies.  My favorite and should be Florissant's official Cookie, is the Sweet N Salty!De.lish is worth the drive from anywhere in St. Louis, add them on your facebook so you can see what the menu is each day!  They also have different soups and quiches every day, except Monday!
<review# 1625,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/11/2012,6/8/2012,6,34,6,8,6>It's official: Nadine's is our go-to neighborhood bar. Here's the problem: the boyfriend and I live next to McGurk's. There is...a difference between the people who live in Soulard and many of the people who come to Soulard. DON'T PRETEND YOU DON'T KNOW WHAT I MEAN. Anyway, the point is, I've always wanted to live next door to a bar but this is not the one I envisioned. So we gave Nadine's a shot, since it's only a block away, and we're sold. It's low-key, a little dive-y, but kind of special. For me, anyway. To wit:-they allow smoking inside (sorry, guys, but I love my horrible habit)-they have a pretty patio with local artists' sculptures and a little, gurgling pond-they have the best, cheapest, biggest amounts of bar food, my favorite kind of food-comprehensive selection of liquor and beer-very chill, local clienteleSeriously, this is my personal bar quintfecta (not a word? It is now). The bartender (I want to say Todd, but by the time I got his name, my BAC was somewhat above the name-remembering stage) was great; friendly, really quick, and gave us two drinks on the house when he learned it was our first time there. He said himself that Nadine's gets a different crowd than some of the big bars on Russell. Oh, and they have the internet jukebox thingy where you can download the app and select songs on your phone, so you can play Garth Brooks' "Standing Outside the Fire" and a bunch of Nicki Minaj and no one will know it's you, like...uh...a friend...did last night.
<review# 1626,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/15/2012,6/7/2012,45,301,3,9,7>I didn't think it was possible to have a better meal than one I had last time I was at Farmhaus, but I was wrong.  This meal exceeded what I thought was a near perfect meal.Standouts this time were the porchetta sticky buns, which were like a punch in the mouth full of deliciousness, and the grouper with herb gnocchi and spring vegetables.  I've never been much of a fish person, but that dish was pretty much perfect.  The Human Nature cocktail was one of the best gin-based drinks I've ever had.My only complaint is that it was nearly impossible to get someone to answer the phone to make a reservation.  It took me three days and thirty (30!) attempts before someone answered the phone.  The line was busy the first 29 times.  And yes, I called during their normal business hours.  Do they have a problem with someone knocking the receiver off the hook?  I don't know.  Perhaps they need to invest in a phone with more than one line.  What I do know is that they're lucky their food is so spectacular, because there are very few restaurants that I would try so hard to get a reservation for (at least in this town).
<review# 1627,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/12/2011,6/6/2012,238,242,5,15,7>Heads up to all downtown dwellers, workers and visitors, there a new soul food restaurant downtown on Delmar just near the City Museum. Mom's Kitchen opened up about a month ago and it's the place where I fell in love with a chicken wing. Let me just tell you about this delicious chicken wing which must have been slow cooked over a charcoal grill and basted to BBQ perfection. I can't stop thinking about the smoky flavor in those tender sticky wings. It makes my mouth water just thinking about it. An order comes with three full sized wings, choice of two sides, and cornbread. I chose the mac & cheese and seasoned cabbage for my sides. The mac & cheese was the standard that you find at most soul food restaurants, but when I doused it with some hot sauce, it was transformed into a perfect match for the wings. I love hot sauce and especially enjoyed adding a little to the BBQ wings which nearly sent me into a state of nirvana. The seasoned cabbage and chunk of cornbread also hit the spot. The cafeteria style setup at Mom's Kitchen offers a variety of items, but don't expect to find as large of a selection as the infamous Sweetie Pies. On my last visit, offerings included baked chicken, rib tips, spaghetti, baked fish, okra, beans, and several other things that I can't remember. Special order items are also listed on a menu and might require a little waiting time. Meals were only $5.99 during the grand opening special, but may have increased a little since then. My first visit was with a friend who grew up on Mississippi soul food and was all excited about trying this place. He gave his 5 star stamp of approval and insisted on going back for breakfast the next morning....yes they even serve breakfast! I honestly don't expect the breakfast thing to last unless they pick up business. Anyway, we actually did try the breakfast and had eggs cooked to order, sausage, bacon, biscuits and gravy, grits and fried potatoes. It was all good, but I'll probably just stick to lunch and dinner service. I really hope the word gets out about this place. It's nice to see something different open in the downtown area. A few words of caution, I returned on a recent Saturday to find a sign on the door saying "Closed until Monday". It's a new restaurant, so I'm willing to overlook it once. I just hope they keep regular hours. I'm going to give them the benefit of the doubt and go with 4 stars for now.
<review# 1628,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/20/2011,6/5/2012,69,117,,10,8>The food item that I probably crave most often is a good burger. I really really really love burgers, so I was extremely excited when I realized Bailey's range would have another soft opening from Wed-Sun of this week. I was in a predicament though, the Cards game was on (which I refuse to miss) and when I called Bailey's the guy who answered was very apologetic in explaining to me that they don't have their tv's yet since they didn't realize the season would still be going on when they opened. He did however say that I could place a carryout order and they would have the food ready for me in 15 minutes. Sweet. I placed my order and by the time I got downtown and found a parking spot my food was ready. When I walked in, I was immediately impressed with the use of space. The decor was cute, unique and intimate. I was greeted by 3 employees within a matter of seconds who directed me to the bar where my order was waiting. The bartender rang us out quickly and was friendly as well. Everything smelled so delicious that the 5 minute drive back home seemed like a lot longer. Once we got home we dug in and were NOT disappointed.I got the Thai chicken burger which according to the menu is: ground chicken patty, shredded cabbage, daikon slaw, cilantro aoli, peanut sauce, lettuce and tomato. The chicken burger was super moist and the sauces complimented it perfectly. J got the blackened blue and by how quickly it disappeared I'm guessing he enjoyed it. We also got an order of fries (super delicious, seasoning was spot on) and I tried 2 of the sauces: honey mustard and rooster. Both were yummy but the rooster sauce is pretty thick and I probably would like it better on a burger. J tried the caesar salad which came topped with fried white anchovies. Of course I snuck a bite of his salad and I was pretty impressed by the flavors. I only finished about half my food before I was pretty full so I know I have something to look forward to for dinner tonight.On a side not, one random thing I loved was instead of styrofoam all of my carryout items were packaged in 100% compostable containers (even the sauces!) and my order was packaged in a paper bag. I can't wait to go back and dine in so I can try that bourbon, candied bacon and salted caramel ice cream shake that's calling my name.
<review# 1629,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/25/2012,6/3/2012,109,200,,6,3>I love the Bridgeton Community Center.  They have a great indoor pool, a large gym, a cardio room, a weight room, a rec room with billiards, ping pong, and table hockey, and 2 racquet ball courts... All inside.  They also have numerous lighted tennis courts outside.  Generally there is ample parking.  The people who work here are always nice to me and generally the place is kept pretty clean.  The Bridgeton Aquatic Center is also on property and is a pretty cool place for the younger ones and if you are older and just want to cool off in the summer it works well also.
<review# 1630,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/22/2012,2/12/2013,51,573,2,4,3>Someone on Yelp suggested to me to try Anthonino's for a gyro.  I also wanted to have a pizza there so Ms T and I stopped in on a Friday night after going to the Best of Missouri Market at the Botanical Gardens.This is a busy, cosy, noisy local neighborhood place with a great feel.  We had a beer at the bar while waiting for a table.  I really liked being there and would love to have a place like this that we could walk to in our neighborhood.  We ordered a medium pizza with a gyro chaser.We are very predictable in our pizza orders; Italian sausage, Kalamata olives and green olives.  A lot of places don't have green olives and few offer Kalamatas.  Anthonino's offers a great selection of ingredients.  The pizza had a very good crust, not too thick, not too thin, with a nice crisp bottom.  The cheese was browned nicely so overall there was a great texture.  I could have used a little more sauce, but I prefer less to too much.  It had a touch of sweetness.  I probably would not order Kalamatas again.  They made it too salty when added to the green olives, so obviously they were generous with the toppings.  I felt the Italian sausage needed more seasoning, especially fennel.  I really liked the overall texture of this pizza.  The cheese was chewy and the crust was very nicely done.  I just felt the whole thing was missing depth of flavor and I can't really put my finger on it.  Perhaps it was the sausage seasoning, but I think it needed more sauce and perhaps a more seasoned sauce.  Don't get me wrong, I'm not sure I have had any better in St Louis of this style and I would definitely order pizza here anytime.  I'd say 3-1/2 stars.  They have plenty of other stuff to offer and I'm rounding up for the atmosphere and the gyro......The gyro was very good, as recommended by whoever sent me the comment.  The meat was well seasoned and the tzatziki was very good.  The bread was excellent, soft, not dry or overly thick.  We always order no onion and I felt this was one of the best I have had in these parts (along with Mediterranean Grill and Olympia).  We ate the gyro and took half of the pizza home, where it warmed up well as a left over about 3 days later.
<review# 1631,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/10/2012,2/11/2013,220,464,2,13,9>First steel framed building or "skyscraper" from 1891 is in St Louis & still used today.There are few earlier "skyscrapers" that used iron for an internal skeleton for support, but they have not lasted. (Sorry Chicago)Each time I see this building & think that it was completed in 1891- I am amazed.  For architecture, The Arch & Eads Bridge are more well known.  But, this little beauty marked a huge change in the skyline of cities.At closer inspection, the quality and intricate mason work on the outside impresses me.
<review# 1632,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/20/2013,2/10/2013,149,141,2,4,4>It's been a year since this restaurant opened, and I've been there many times since then. The menu gets bigger and better every time. One great addition is the big wall of martinis - everything from Red Velvet martinis to traditional. I know you'll find at least a dozen you want to try!We went on St. Patrick's Day, and they had great drink specials and a tent set up for fast service. One new item on the menu that is very popular is the "horseshoe." It's two pieces of thick bread, your choice of meat (including lamb bangers and corned beef) covered with fries or chips, and their famous beer cheese sauce. Decadent and delicious!
<review# 1633,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/30/2012,2/9/2013,317,728,4,15,6>I needed a little appointment to investigate a meniscus tear. Two, actually, in the same knee. Both little devils.The X-ray showed one torn. The MRI showed two torn. I thought this was duplicative until I saw the additional insight the MRI showed about the knee situation.Ridiculous pain. So I saw Dr. Rick Wright, orthopedic surgeon, on Monday (November 26) at this facility, which is a well-oiled machine, yet terribly personable folks working here.Today I had surgery. This place is amazing. Everybody who works here loves their job. You can tell by the way they treat their co-workers and their patients.Everything was smooth-running, including making arrangements for the cooling apparatus I needed for continual icing of the surgical site.And my sister, who accompanied me, was given a voucher for a free beverage at the coffee shop across the foyer.Debbie Reed, who checked me in; Joy, my nurse; Debbie Patterson, my intake nurse; Dr. Gibbons and Dr. Wolf, both anesthesiologists; Dr. Wright, who saw me before surgery and saw my sister after surgery; the surgical nurse who gave me happy juice and antinausea meds through the IV; the woman who helped me get dressed; the lovely man who took me out to the car and helped me in, who was so personable and friendly.I know I'm missing a bunch of folks. Please forgive me!! Everyone was fabulous and knew what they were doing.Everybody I saw introduced themselves and told me what they were there for and what they were doing the entire time. Knowledge is helpful, establishes expectations and incites calm!The nurse who gave me instructions about after-care about medications, icing, things to look for in the way of complications was so thorough -- even my sister was impressed, and she's a nurse.This place is up on a big hill, but patient parking is up-top on a flat surface, so don't be concerned you'll have to mountain climb to get to the front door.P.S. Dr. Wright is a knee specialist, and he's physician to The Blues and The Rams. I disguised myself as Lance Armstrong to get to see him. AHEM!!
<review# 1634,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/5/2012,2/8/2013,13,109,,13,6>IN SHORT: A nice (though pricey) option for herbivores,and even if it's not perfect, it's a restaurant that's sorely needed in St. Louis with the potential to be something great.IN DEPTH: I've been a vegetarian for a few years now, and one thing I've really had difficulty with is how few true vegetarian options there are out there aside from grilled cheese sandwiches, meatless pizza, wimpy salads, awful wraps and *shudder* "vegetable melange" dishes. Were I a vegan, I probably wouldn't even attempt to eat out, so limited are the options.So it's nice to know that Frida's Vegetarian Deli has my back with a menu of completely vegetarian, vegan and raw entrees, sides and desserts. I honestly had trouble choosing what I wanted for lunch because there were several choices that sounded great. On the staff's recommendation, I tried the Mushroom Reuben. I was not disappointed.Where I would offer a bit of critique is that the food (particularly the soup) did require a little bit of seasoning, and fortunately, the restaurant has an assortment of sauces available for those dining in. For those getting take-out, it might be a good idea to have some salt, pepper, creole seasoning or other fine-tuning condiments available if you find the food a bit bland, because my initial reaction (particularly with the faux beef stew) was that the dishes were missing that kick I tend to infuse into my own vegetarian meals.I'm not disappointed, however, because I know how vegetarian restaurants tend to be. One thing I'll say about any vegetarian restaurant is that it's important to go in knowing what to expect. Vegetarian and vegan food is not particularly flavorful in the sense that most people are used to, and that's because many vegetarians and vegans actually like the taste of vegetables and don't want to overpower them with seasonings or sauces. Much as you would not go into a Chinese restaurant expecting chicken to be prepared like you'd find it in a steakhouse, you should not go into a vegetarian restaurant expecting the same sort of food you'd find at a place like Chili's or Applebees. It's important to be open to the experience and not to allow yourself to be disappointed when food is not seasoned heavily or served with a side of fried potatoes.Vegetarian restaurants are a tricky business because they have to appeal to several constituencies, all of whom are difficult to please. There are the ovo-lacto vegetarians like myself who simply don't eat meat. Then there are the vegans (who avoid all animal products) and the raw food vegans (who don't eat food that's been processed or conventionally cooked). Beyond that, there are the flexitarians who avoid meat, but who like vegetarian food, and then there are the health conscious folks who eat meat, but who also try to eat things that are good for them.Frida's has something to offer all of these people. Appealing to all of these different groups is rough, and I'm sure Frida's Vegetarian Deli has its critics who feel that the restaurant is not up to par in some way or another. But I'm impressed that they are willing to try to make all of these folks happy with a variety of options and available upgrades.  I will add that the staff was nice and enthusiastic, and the owner (I presume?) was so proud of her desserts that she wound up talking me into trying a flourless chocolate and peanut butter confection that was quite intriguing, if a little expensive. Seating is terribly limited and could get cramped; I would not bring children here unless you absolutely want them to suffer, because the menu (despite having three options for kids) and the seating are not really kid-friendly.The assortment of beverages was also a little on the high-minded side (and lacking many popular choices). It might be good for Frida's to embrace the folks for whom this experience is rather new and at least stock some canned or bottled sodas and some bags of chips, even if more progressive drinks and kale chips are the featured items.The prices are also on the high end for lunch, but it's hard to argue with a restaurant where the staff can tell you where every ingredient came from and how it was prepared. In the end, I figure you're paying for quality and attention, which is important. Food service may seem to be about the product, but it's really about the preparation and the ingredients. That's worth an extra buck or two if you're on a vegetarian or vegan diet.Normally, I'd give a place like this four stars for being a little too specialized, but I really liked Frida's, and I think it's deserving of five stars for managing to serve vegetarian versions of steak sandwiches, crab cakes and reubens along with the more conventional veggie burgers and falafel. I hope they'll be around for many years to come, and I look forward to going back to try more.
<review# 1635,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/26/2012,2/7/2013,319,681,3,10,7>Elaia is a great new restaurant located in a 1930's filling station in McCree Town on Tower Grove Ave, just blocks from the MOBOT (Botanical Gardens).  The owner runs the amazing Salume Beddu on Hampton and has really made an investment in an area that bridges the Shaw and Southwest Garden neighborhoods to The Grove. The decor is industrial meets fine dining.  They have a wine bar (Oleo) connected on one side and a new bakery that is set to open across the street (the bakery may be owned by someone else?).  Elaia has some of the crafted meat and cheese platters that you can find at Salume Beddu, as well as fresh food and great wine list.  I actually ate before I got there.  So, I only had a small sampling, but I plan to come back to try more of it so that I can give a more detailed review. In fact, I can't wait to get back!!  The entire menu looks awesome!  I definitely think that this is a restaurant worth trying.  The menu is small and consists of mostly cheese and meat plates, salads, some seafood and sandwiches.  They have a braised stew on the dinner menu.  This is a very small fine dining establishment better suited for a night without the kiddos.
<review# 1636,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/14/2012,2/6/2013,172,294,1,5,4>This is pretty much the cutest little bakery!Fellow Yelper Amrita R. kept on telling me to come here so I finally did when I went on a companion bakery outlet run. The space is SO CUTE! Chalkboard menus, small counter space, little nooks for coffee service and oh so many adorable treats!I picked up a savory scone and two coffee cardamon chocolate biscotti. YUM. They also had madelines, sweet muffins, savory muffins, quiche, cookies, and CUPCAKES! So many things to try! So little space in my tummy. hehehe. If i'm in the area and they're open, I'll definitely stop by. I love this place!
<review# 1637,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/11/2012,2/5/2013,107,82,11,12,6>Holy cow, I can't tell you how wide the grin on my face was when I stepped in here. My boyfriend took me here after I spent almost a week feeling sorry for myself and being homesick (I just moved here from Atlanta a few months ago, and I've been craving some fried mac 'n' cheese like you wouldn't believe). Unfortunately, they didn't have that, but my spirits still lifted immediately at the smell, which hits you as soon as you walk in. Undescribeably amazing.My favorite thing about this place was (aside from the fact that it serves soul food) the very friendly serve staff. Even though the place is done cafeteria-style, an employee came up to me while I was paying at the register and carried my tray to my table for me. Mac 'n' cheese was delicious, and I'll even call it healthy since it wasn't fried.I do have a few complaints, though ... The food is undeniably overpriced for what it is, and they don't have Tabasco sauce. That may seem petty, but let me assure you that what I'm about to say next is the truest thing you'll ever hear: Collard greens are nothing without tabasco sauce. That shit would not fly down South.All in all, I was very satisfied and I would definitely like to come back.
<review# 1638,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/27/2012,2/4/2013,156,339,2,9,4>First impression:This space is one to watch. The Cheshire is set to make a huge impact in St. Louis -- if initial appearances are accurate, this location has good food, great service, and a fantastically beautiful dining room that will be pulling many residents from Downtown, Richmond Heights, Demun, etc. for a fine meal.The interior, at the moment, is the most spectacular feature of the restaurant. Designed by the same folks who did the 360 at the Ballpark (another gorgeous establishment), they're currently two for two (soon to be three, if Basso downstairs looks half as good as the pictures). It's a huge interior that's made extremely cozy by thoughtful design.Although I only sampled the cocktails and desserts on my first visit, if they're any indication the food will follow suit. The two sweet treats we tried (bread pudding and a peanut butter soufflé) were decadent and almost -- almost! -- too rich to down. The drinks contributed to the sugar rush. I look forward to returning and sampling more savory items.Our waitress, Kim, was extremely friendly, making sure to check in with us at just the right times. We felt very welcome in our comfortable seats next to the fire.Bottom line, I can't wait for an opportunity to come back for a full dinner. I may have an extra little something happening this week that may be worth celebrating... next weekend's not too soon for a return visit, is it?--(Reviewer's note: I write "first impression" articles for restaurants that have only been open a little while or for those that I don't feel qualified to fully review quite yet. I update them when I get the chance, after enough visits!)
<review# 1639,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/29/2012,2/3/2013,193,50,1,9,7>The historic DeBaliviere Place neighborhood is a location that has been very underused by local businesses. While 2Schae Cafe, Atlas Restaurant and St. Louis Italian Restaurant & Pizza Company (Formerly Talanya's At The Park) have been long time staples, there really haven't been a standout here especially right next to the Forest Park Metrolink Station. Yes, the neighborhood had Velocity Cafe and Bike Shop and for a brief time Wing Xpress but those businesses had there faults and eventually closed. The Kitchen Sink has come out of the gate as not only one of the best new additions to the DeBaliviere Place neighborhood but one of the best new restaurants in St. Louis this year.First off, The Kitchen Sink is not a large place, it can feel crowded with five people in there. The inside is a great improvement over what was formerly Wing Xpress. It has a modern look to it with two big screen TV's on the walls. I find that there can be a bit of a wait when ordering but the owner and crew are very nice people who are looking to give you quality service. You do have the option to order ahead or deliver which can help alleviate that issue for those in the neighborhood. The place is pretty clean and looks nice. Also if you need to sit around for a little bit, they do have free wi-fi.The menu is simply tasty. If you are a fan of Cajun then this place has it in spades. Also there is a breakfast menu which looks quite good. I had the Chicken and Waffles which tastes so sweet. I should add you can choose your Waffles to be Vanilla, Chocolate or Strawberry flavored (yum!). If you have read the other reviews, the food is definitely greasy and full of carbs. So if you're on a diet then it might not be the place for you. This is the neighborhood that I have called home for the past few years and I am happy to see The Kitchen Sink here. The owner and chefs are all passionate about making this business the best place to eat in St. Louis. It is a great location, and it will be interesting to see how it works during the spring and summer with all the events in Forest Park. If you need to get your greasy food fix, The Kitchen Sink might just be your best option.
<review# 1640,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/19/2012,9/3/2012,123,204,2,3,5>OK so we threw an outdoor 'event' last weekend, and the wife insisted upon having pulled pork BBQ at the last minute.  I wondered on Friday AM....where in the hell am I gonna find 5+lbs. of pulled pork short-notice?  Well, the very kind Sausage King of SoHa (Pete Manzo) who runs the Italian market down the street directed me to Boodles.  By the way - Pete Manzo is super, super nice, and you should check out his store...Manzo Meats in the Macklind District.  So I trek over to Affton and check out Boodles.  They were SUPER helpful and did not think I was crazy for ordering so much meat on short notice.  They took my info - gave me options - helped me finalize a huge order and pick out the sauces.  No sides this time so can't speak for any of those.  The pulled pork was honestly amazing!  The sauces...equally just as amazing and went well with everything else we cooked up that night.  The meat was very tender and literally fell apart - we even took it home and kept it on warm in the over before guests arrives...no sign of dryness or flavor loss at all.At any rate - I think we may have to venture back out to Affton and give the rest of their menu a try. I am not a huge meat eater so cannot promise any updates soon, but I will certainly give them the props they deserve for taking care of our short-term party pulled pork needs.  Very kind and helpful staff - no wait when I came back the next morning to pick it up and even had assistance carrying everything to the car.  Thanks Boodles for making the Mrs. happy!
<review# 1641,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/2/2012,9/1/2012,18,53,10,6,4>Florissant, MO... I only know you as the home to Flo-Rida (assuming the flo is for flo, and not FLA) and Bigfoot.  Now I know you for something much better.  Pearl Cafe, you are the heat seeking missile of Thai food.  Even more so, the atom bomb of micro brews.  Yes, you read my review correctly, Pearl Cafe has one awesome selection of bottled craft/international brews.  The beer selection alone would have me hooked.  The massive amount of beer to choose from is huge for any restaurant, considering this place is so tiny, it has per capita the most beer selections available in the world.  This is a fact. Although it's my opinion I am writing it down, and calling it factual.  Whats really cool is you can do the sushi boat equivalent of beer (order a bucket, they pick the beer).  Really, really awesome.The food was outstanding!  The taste, presentation, and freshness was impeccable.  Although combined with the small sitting area this was a very bad thing...  I could see everyone's plates, and I wanted what they had, even though I initially ordered by looking at the table next to me.  Everything looks so good.  It's like being in Wonkaville, but with Thai food!  Seriously, if everyone was cool with it, I would have liked to go from table to table doing a Taste of Pearl.  Hmmm.  Probably don't want to call it Taste of Pearl, but you get the idea.I passed on the challenge, however I was with three amigo's who will be using baby wipes tonight.  Two guys were doing the 50, and one the 25.  How challenging is this challenge you may challenge me to answer.  Well this challenge is so challenging I wouldn't do the challenge if you challenged me for a million dollars.  I probably would for a million...  For starters, the waiver you sign, and the list of can's and cannot's is enough to deter those with even the strongest of digestive systems.  Combine that with the server actually discouraging trying the challenge, and it's enough to make anyone tap out.    The trio all knocked out their dish, but not without sweating, and one guy looking like he was going to have convulsions.  Nice work fellas.  Regardless of visiting for today's challenge I will still be a patron of Pearl even if that means not watching my coworkers torch their buds.
<review# 1642,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/24/2012,8/31/2012,152,162,,7,4>I think that I may have a new favorite pizza.I absolutely love this style of crust. The edges bubble up high, have some charred spots here and there and is quite chewy. The crust in the middle is soft and thin, Jersey style. I tend to eat pizza like this with a fork since it's floppy and wet too hold. The menu is limited and there was a note on it that they don't allow substitutions/additions. This is not the place to go if you are looking for a traditional build-your-own pizza by selecting from a list of toppings. But, if you are adventurous, then you really should give it a try. I ordered the special of the day with pesto sauce, fresh mozzarella and mushrooms. Wow. Great pizza. We also split a Caesar salad...plenty for 2. To top it off, the decor is just up my alley. Very indie with a great patio and friendly staff. I'll be back.
<review# 1643,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/22/2012,8/30/2012,92,533,5,8,6>I'm pretty impressed with the time and effort that obviously went into the concept here.  My first impression was it was part of a chain, but no.  I hope they do well, but there are some minor issues that could stand in the way.  One of the big downfalls is the location at the end of a strip mall.  We drove by maybe 30 times after they opened and never noticed it until they put a big balloon on the roof.  I couldn't read the Delicatessen sign from the stoplight where I would have turned in, so I wasn't even sure it was a restaurant.  A couple days later, I pointed the place out to my mom, she saw Delicatessen and asked if there was a place to eat inside.  There are lots of older folks in this neighborhood, so I wouldn't be surprised if they haven't come in because they get their lunchmeat at Schnucks. Despite these minor logistical issues, we liked the place.   We tried a pepperoni pizza and a chicken philly.   Both were very good, although the philly was a little dry and could have used some pickles or something.  It might not be "authentic" then, but it's a CHICKEN philly, so who cares?   The pizza was a decent STL style thin crust and Provel.  The prices are a bit high for the area, but if they're putting out quality food, I guess it's okay.  Our sandwich was big enough to split.The folks working the counter were friendly and helpful.  I agree with another review that said the menu print is too small and cluttered.  I found it very hard to read.    Bottom line:  I wouldn't buy stock in the place, but I probably will go back for another sandwich.
<review# 1644,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/24/2012,8/29/2012,185,117,2,9,7>Great Food, Great Service, Great Value!The food they prepare has Flavor!!!!  Nothing here is bland!I set up a dinner here for my dining group and everything was perfect!  There were ten of us foodies feasting on:Egg Rolls - Very yummy!Fried Chicken Wings - They looked odd, but tasted great!Grilled Beef Salad - Must try! So fresh, clean tasting & flavorful, ordered a second plate!Simmered Spare Ribs - Fall off bone yumminess!Fish in Clay Pot - Another fave of the group! Rich, spicy, sticky, sweet & melt in your mouth goodness! No one guessed it was catfish!  Most everyone thought it was salmon!Salt Pepper Shrimp - So good!Special Fried Rice - Very tasty!Sweet & Sour Fish Soup - Not really a fan favorite, but good! Catfish again, but tons of little fish bones & the pineapple made it a tad much on the sweet scaleOverall, exceptional!
<review# 1645,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/27/2012,8/28/2012,51,252,4,6,5>I'm glad Christina liked it so well but I'm not sure I'd put it above BreadCo in quality or price...although it was good. If I could give 3.5 stars I would but I'll have to use my "teacher's privalege" of rounding up since they have a good attitude.When I arrived at noon on a Wednesday, the place was close to full. About 2 dozen customers with only 8 tables. Since I felt guilty taking up a table for myself I sacrificed and sat at the window counter. The service was friendly and the wait was less than 10 minutes for food  delivered to my seat on real serviceware (kudos!).The wrap and the salad were good, no real wow-factor for anything original, but definitely done right and extremely fresh. Fresh is good!Even though their signature  drink is obviously tea, I didn't order any on this visit but went for the water which was tastefully displayed in a clear jar  with lemon slices.2 pieces of advice to the new place: take time to wipe tables even when you are busy and put some decorations on the walls - they are completely bare and with 25-30' ceilings, there is a lot of "nothing" to look at. But the place does look fresh  and new.I'll be back for breakfast and write another review. Oh, one more thing...I'm surprised I beat Edwardsville's prolific Yelp Emeritus - John H. - on reviewing this place!
<review# 1646,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/27/2012,8/27/2012,202,207,4,7,8>I might as well review this place while it's still fresh in my mind. I haven't had a tamale since... since... I moved from California. So it was a surprise to me when I stumbled upon Mami's Tamales in a local paper. What the heck? Where have I been?Location: It looks pretty much like a house with tons of parking in the front. Swing around the back and go to the basement entrance (yes, basement!). It was a bit dark and strange but I was relieved when I saw a few tables being occupied. Food: While waiting for our food, the server gave us some complementary chips and salsa. I ordered a carne asada plate and a pollo verde tamale on the side (yeah, I'm a piggy so what). My plate came with beans and rice. Carne asada was ehh. Definitely not one of their strong dishes. I finally decide to dissect my tamale, and there in it's glory, was shredded white meat chicken surrounded by corn goodness. Ask for extra salsa verde (it's spicy and heavenly) to lightly coat your tamale - just trust me on that one, okay? Anyway, I will be back, for 2 or maybe 3, er, 4 tamales!
<review# 1647,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/3/2012,8/26/2012,194,81,,14,10>This might be the weirdest review I have ever written.  I mean serious, who write a review about a pet cemetery? I guess I just did.Imperial Crown Pet Cemetery dates back to 1924, but most people have no clue it is event there.  It is tucked behind IHOP on Lindbergh in Florissant.  It is actually on one of these trips to IHOP that we decided to walk back to the cemetery and explore.As an owner of 2 dogs, it was truly a moving experience.  There are dogs, cats, and other pets buried here and the dates go back almost a century.  Some have ornate headstones, others are buried anonymously.  No matter what, the love that the owners had for these pets is very apparent and moving.  I challenge you to walk through the cemetery without getting a little teary-eyed.  The property is surprisingly large and features many trees and other landscaping. The volunteers that maintain the area do a great job.  I haven't yet had to deal with the decision of what to do with my dogs once they pass away, but we are seriously considering having them buried here.
<review# 1648,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/23/2012,8/25/2012,213,311,3,7,7>Two words...Mom's Special. This was one finger licking good sammy, no lie. Very messy but oh so good. It was absolutely gigantic and made an excellent lunch and dinner for me. Try a homemade pickle, but it was cost you a few cents extra. I was surprised to find that it was not only a sandwich shop but a little old school style market and meat shop too that also sells alcohol. They are cash only so be prepared.Service is quick and friendly. Enjoy your sandwich at home or grab a seat at one of the few tables out on the porch or sidewalk. I be seeing Mom again soon!
<review# 1649,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/28/2012,8/24/2012,132,135,2,7,5>Taste is officially my favorite for food and drinks in STL. I'm always looking for people willing to come to my hood and enjoy it with me. Kate B., next time you go, ping me...i'm in! :DFavorite foods right now include: the beef tongue and the scrapple. how was i ever a vegetarian? thanks to the G's or else i don't know if i would have tried scrapple! Don't miss these dishes if you eat at Taste.My absolute favorite drink is the In a Pickle which is not currently on the menu. They will make it for you if you ask, but its more of a summer drink anyway. Off the current menu try the Shaw Blvd Fizz - a delicious combo of gin, lemon, grapefruit, honey, egg white and ginger beer! nom!Also, the server i mentioned in my previous review is now a bar tender and her name is Shannon and she is fantastic. She has not steered me wrong on a drink recommendation...so thanks, Shannon!
<review# 1650,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/28/2014,4/3/2014,140,254,2,10,7>I reviewed Culinaria shortly after it opened, and I still love it. But because I don't really keep food in my loft anymore (No time to cook, no time to eat), I use it for two major things: salad/soup bars and the wifi cafe upstairs (I can't tell you how many times I've bought salads and enjoyed eating them upstairs in the wifi cafe, where the internet ALWAYS works). Culinaria is the best grocery store in the area for both. I love the Culinaria salad bar so much that I actually was motivated to email one of the Schnucks brothers directly about it. I'm lazy, so I'm just going to update my review with a copy/paste of that email:Mr. Schnuck,I'd imagine that many emails from customers are about things Schnucks stores could do better. I'm happy to, instead, message you about something one particular Schnucks store is doing very right.Culinaria is one of my favorite grocery stores for many reasons -- the exclusive containers with the grapes/strawberries/mandarin oranges combination, the antipasto bar with plenty of varieties of mushrooms and olives, sweets from local chocolatiers -- but two things really stand out: the salad bar and a few varieties of soup.The salad bar is the cleanest and freshest in the St. Louis area. Everything is very well organized in a flow that makes sense. The options are fresh, the onions are chopped to small sizes, and items are arranged in a thoughtful manner (Vegetarian items usually are in back instead of vice-versa, so there's rarely meat contamination in the veggies). Moreover, there always are several variety of beans, which is an important protein source for vegetarians that other grocery store salad bars lack.I'm also very pleased that Culinaria usually makes certain that at least one all-vegetarian soup is available at the soup bar each day, and that the soups are labeled as being vegetarian or not. As you may know, it's important to be aware of what ingredients may trigger allergies or illness, and Culinaria does very well at identifying items within its prepared foods, both at the soup bar and at the deli/sandwich area. In particular, the spicy corn chowder, moroccan vegetable and summer tomato vegetable soups are outstanding for both vegetarians and non-vegetarians alike.As a vegetarian who lives in the loft district, I've been visiting Culinaria since it first opened. Staff always are friendly, and I appreciate the upstairs dining area where I can eat my dinner while working online or watching a Cardinals game. But the salad bar and vegetarian soups are what keep me coming back and choosing this store over other Schnucks locations and other grocery stores in general. Please commend the staff in these areas and thank them for their excellent work.Thanks for reading.
<review# 1651,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/9/2013,4/2/2014,58,133,3,8,8>I think I owe an update because I am now a weekly visitor. Go to Blues City. Just go. Don't be afraid of the lines. It moves quickly and is usually the sign of a worthy establishment. Also don't be afraid if you are standing in line and a firetruck, St. Louis PD swat and multiple EMT's show up. Chances are no one is in trouble, they are there to eat. New favorites: The Big Tommy, Chicken Shack Ranch, and basically any special on the board. Also the chocolate chip cookies have that wonderful crispy edge gooey center thing going on. In summary: Go to Blues City. Stand awkwardly next to people while you all wait in line. Eat all the things. Repeat weekly. ----------------------Another one of those places which has been on my list of St. Louis eateries since I moved here over a year ago. I'm now depressed it took me this long to go. I somehow managed to avoid the crazy lunch time crowd everyone warns against. Maybe Mondays at 11:15 is the secret down time? Even though the restaurant was full there was no line and I was in and out with my lunch in less than ten minutes. Great service and friendly waitstaff. I ordered the Chicken Shack Ranch because I feel like bacon, cheese and ranch are where a person should always start. Man it was good. Like so good I have already planned to come back and order it again the following day good. I've also started a list of other sandwiches I want to try. No doubt each sandwich will be better than the next. Anyone want to come with me? I feel like this should be a group effort. Take a break from that semi local chain and eat at a real local place who is doing it right.
<review# 1652,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/15/2013,4/1/2014,32,155,1,11,8>This place is simple -- messy area behind the counter, small inside, no tablecloths, but man do they cook up some good food. We went here for breakfast on a Friday (only open for breakfast on Fri and Sat mornings) and it was delicious.  I had the savory crepe -- scrambled eggs, cheddar cheese, andouille sausage, tomatoes on a homemade crepe and it was delicious. We were the only ones in there and they were super accommodating.  Fair warning -- if you want lasagna and plan on going for dinner, they need a 24 hr warning.  Some may think this is annoying, but for such a small place, I understand their need for this. Also, it takes them 12 hours to make their lasagna....so you know it has to be incredible. I haven't been here for dinner yet, but it will be a must-try in the near future for dinner. Pros: really inexpensive, great breakfastCons: small place, simple
<review# 1653,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/10/2013,3/31/2014,117,126,,15,8>First thing to know is, this place is breathtaking. They did an amazing job building the space out into a beautiful, elegant cocktail bar. I swear if they threw a couple of bookshelves in here I'd think I was in one of those crazy awesome libraries from a fairy tale. But with booze. That's MY fairy tale.We went on opening night, and had no trouble finding two seats at the downstairs bar. Meaning that, yes, there is an upstairs bar. More drinks are offered upstairs, but I loved the experience that seemed to be designed for visitors. Start downstairs. Have a drink or two and some food. Make your way upstairs to finish out the night. Perfect.I started with a brandy alexander from their "classics" list. This is my new favorite. My boyfriend went for their take on a Manhattan, which was delightful. Food options are limited to a few snacks and a few large plates, but what we had was excellent. We did half truffle/half hot buttered rum popcorn and the duck burger. The duck burger would have been 5 stars, but the pumpernickel bread just did not match the rest of the flavors. We both put the bread to the side and enjoyed the rest. More cocktails were ordered and soon we moved upstairs. It's a small, dark, incredibly romantic room. All of the windows are covered with heavy curtains, so it's easy to lose track of the outside world. Unless you're me, and keep peeking out every five seconds because it's snowing. :) Service was attentive. The bartenders are alums from different respected establishments like Salt and Sanctuaria, so rest assured that your drinks will be handled with care. Price-wise, you're looking at $8 for classics and $10+ for the others. While I'm a huge fan of happy hours and can get a pretty decent classic cocktail at a few other places for $6-$7, it's hard to beat the Planter's House atmosphere. There are plenty of nice places in this town to spend your hard earned money. This one should move to the top of your list.
<review# 1654,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/28/2014,3/30/2014,68,108,2,12,9>It's funny how you can drive by a place quite often but never really notice it is there....thus the story behind Longview Farm.I have driven past Longview Farm so many times but I have never really noticed it.  This past Sunday we took a family outing to take advantage of the amazing weather.  Since the weather in the mid 50s, it was perfect.This is not a huge park.  If you are looking for wide open spaces in West County, check out Queeny Park or Castlewood.  However, what Longview lacks in size, it makes up for in amazement.When you first enter the park, you will notice the parking lot is small.  This is a great advantage for a small park.  You are greeted with a great playground for the kids and the barn for the equine therapy horses.  The barn is open from time to time and kids can visit.  Just be careful to have the kids respect the horses.The rest of the park is amazing.  The paths are fun that allow tons of exploration.  The water features are amazing and I promise I will be back when it it not dreary.  I was very impressed with the whole park.
<review# 1655,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/11/2013,3/29/2014,148,364,4,9,6>I am so glad Cherie O. introduced me to this Diner! It was a great experience with some delicious food and the company was pretty great too! I arrived around 11 on a Sunday. The place was packed, the streets were packed, and the sidewalk was filled with people. I mean seriously, I think the entire city of STL was here. Okay, it wasn't that bad. I knew that I needed to get our name on the list so I waited patiently to get inside (there was a line) and then I gave the hostess my name and she stated that it would be about a 20 minute wait. No biggie. I was waiting for my PIC (partner in crime) anyways. The hostess was moving so quickly-kudos to her for keeping everything straight. I don't know how she did it. There were so many people inside even I was beginning to feel claustrophobic. Needless to say, I made my way outside to the street corner and waited with others. The crowd was pretty friendly and I could tell people really like this place just based on the conversations I was hearing. I couldn't wait to get inside so that I could eat! By the time Cherie O. arrived we only had a few minutes to wait, but instead we decided to go in and steal some seats at the bar! Good idea! Our server came quickly and provided us great service. Cherie and I looked over the menu and placed our orders. I ordered a strawberry shake and some pancakes and what a great combination it was! The shake was really delicious and I loved how they gave me so much whip cream! Thanks for that. My pancakes were huge and I knew I was not going to be able to eat all of them, but I tried. Cornmeal pancakes have won my heart.Our server was checking on us as often as she could given the large crowds at the bar. She even offered my a to-go box when she noticed I was slowing down on my meal. At that time I also placed a to-go order to bring back to my bf. He needed to experience the Southwest Diner too (even if it wasn't in person). I am pretty sure they know how to pack their to-go orders because by the time I got the food home it was still warm and damn, it smelled delicious! Overall, the conversation was great, the company was awesome,  and the food was delicious. I liked the feel this Diner had and I really want to go back one day to try something else from the menu.
<review# 1656,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/17/2014,3/28/2014,81,165,3,11,9>I have to admit I haven't had much Lebanese food before but had the opportunity to try Layla thanks to ISC!  It is a little different than I expected but then also somewhat what I expected.  I wasn't really expecting thick juicy burgers made with different meats and with explosive colorful toppings along with milk shakes with rose water at a Lebanese restaurant... but I was glad they had them.  We started our meal with the grape leaves appetizer which is similar to the dolmades in a greek restaurant.  These were stuffed with couscous, raisins, and goat cheese.  These had a wonderful taste but the grape leaves may have been a little under cooked.  I sure didn't mind.  I also ordered the Beirut burger which included a slice of lamb on top of beef topped with apricot ketchup, sumac onions, flash fried kale and lemon garlic mayo.  I almost had to unhinge my jaw to take a bite but of course I managed.  The burger was extremely juicy and flavorful.  The flash fried kale trumped standard lettuce easily.  Definitely a winner.  You have to try the Beirut burger if you come here.  The only hiccup of the night was the internet went down for a period of time delaying our ability to pay with a credit card.  Did I mention they have private parking!!!  Always a plus in the Grove.  Overall, thank you Sarah and the ISC for bringing me to a place it would have taken me months to years to try out on my own.  Layla is definitely on my short list to return!
<review# 1657,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/22/2013,3/27/2014,72,94,4,16,10>Fleming's is five-star all the way... from the food, to service, to atmosphere. You just KNOW you're in for a good meal as soon as your reservation is made. The little touches they add just make it so special. When I asked the hostess for a booth instead of a table, she mentioned that no booths were available at the time, but it would be noted in our profile that we prefer booths for next time. Wow, okay! When our server comes to the table, we are greeted with "Good evening, Mr. and Mrs. H." The bus boys pay attention to every last detail when setting the table... wiping away the slightest smudge on wine glasses and ensuring that the table looks impeccable.The food here is AH-MAZE-ING!!! I cannot stress enough how good it is! I'll start with the bread... it's a warm loaf served with two specialty butters, one blended with feta cheese and the other with sun dried tomato. They are equally tasty. My husband and I really carb out when we come here, thanks to this bread. We both opted for a special pre-fix during last night's dinner. For our starter, we each had a classic wedge salad. Although, this salad looks anything but classic... it looks more like a work of art! A crispy piece of bacon and a block of blue cheese, both ready to crumble, lean against the lettuce wedge that is drizzled with blue cheese dressing and topped with tomato. The entree was a bacon wrapped filet, served with two jumbo crab stuffed shrimp and a mashed potato side. Both of our filets were cooked to perfection and were topped with a light peppercorn sauce. The shrimp we were served must have been on steroids. These things were HUGE! Both the shrimp and crab stuffing had a hint of spiciness to them. Our server was nice enough to let one of us swap out our mashed potato side. The sides here are big enough for two people to share and that way we had a bit more variety. We chose asparagus instead. We were carful not to finish everything on our plates so that we had room for dessert. Dessert here is a must! My husband and I each have our favorites, and the desserts can easily be shared, but when you're each craving something different, might as well go big or go home, right? That being said, my husband enjoys their chocolate lava cake. It has a warm and gooey salted chocolate center that spills on the plate after the first bite is taken. It's served with vanilla ice cream, homemade chantilly whipped cream, and raspberries. I've tried a bite or two each time my husband orders this and it is VERY good. My personal favorite is the carrot cake. Carrot cake is my absolute favorite dessert, and the cake served at Flemings is superior to any other. I dream about it at night. It is so moist, includes chunks of pineapple throughout, and has layers of cream cheese icing in every bite. I would go for this carrot cake alone if I could.If you're looking for a nice place to enjoy a special evening, Fleming's is tough to beat. Go now!
<review# 1658,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/19/2013,3/26/2014,317,728,14,21,16>I just had my hair done two doors down, so this was incredibly convenient.I had another problem with the same pair of glasses. The nose piece on the left side actually broke my skin, so some adjustment was needed.I was jovially greeted by the same woman as before, and she seemed to know me. So that was nice.I explained the situation, and she suggested new nose pads. I'm not familiar with eye-speak, so I was envisioning some pad that looks like a corn pad you'd put on your grandmother's massive pinkie toe.But that's not what it was.However, it turns out, my nose pads were hard plastic, difficult to replace, and she had to engage the assistance of another person to make it happen.Once the nose pads were replaced, she had me try the glasses on, and I looked like a goober. So she made an adjustment, and all was well.And she gave me back the nose pads she'd taken off of my glasses.So, I tried to pay. And she said, "No, all adjustments are free."Can it get any better than that?!?!
<review# 1659,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/23/2013,3/25/2014,111,674,1,7,6>I came here last night for dinner with a bunch of Yelpers for a UYE.  The ambiance was airy & gorgeous!  The food was delish!  The servers were attentive.  The one thing that stood out in my experience of this fabulous place was the interaction of the chef and the customers.  He came out to make sure that everyone enjoyed their food.  I have seen this on Top Chef & have rarely seen it when dining out (or maybe I have I just forgot).  I got the shrimp with spicy marinara.  The marinara had enough kick to it not to linger.  I got the spaghetti and meat sauce.  Delish!  The sesame bread rolls were insanely awesome.  Foodgasm after foodgasm.  I would definitely come back here to try other things.
<review# 1660,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/24/2012,10/23/2012,44,83,1,6,3>I'm just gonna go ahead and throw my two cents on top of everybody else's pile of two cents and tell you that the mussels at this place are fantastic. Not so much the mussels themselves (which are good), but the green curry sauce that they come with. Be warned that this sauce is spicy - you're gonna want to have something on hand to cool your happy, happy tastebuds down. My friends and I have started trying the sauce on everything else that we order - shrimp tacos, fried polenta, empanadas (that  particular combo I wouldn't recommend). If you're here and can tolerate spicy, you really should try them.Our first exposure to the happy hour here was bizarre and unpleasant. When we came for the first time, our server asked us if we'd like to sit in the bar or the restaurant. We were a group of five and the tables in the bar only seat four, so we said restaurant. It wasn't until we'd be seated and given water that we were told that the happy hour special only applies to the tables in the bar, to increase bar usage? We actually moved to a table at the bar and pulled up a chair for the fifth person, but the whole thing seemed utterly bizarre to me. We ordered exactly the same thing we would have if we'd been seated in the restaurant. Can someone explain the logic of this to me?Also, while I'm going on about pet peves: if you're going to list "bread and butter service" for 50 cents, make it an actual "service." You actually get one piece of bread and butter. "Service" implies multiple, if not unlimited, pieces of bread. I honestly don't mind paying for it, but just call it "bread and butter."Anyway, the happy hour specials are great - discounted wine, beer, and martinis, along with half-price appetizers. So far all of the drinks we've tried have been good, especially the Passion Martini. The half-off appetizers is the real deal here, since you can easily make a meal out of sharing several appetizers. The empanadas are very tasty, though I'd recommend asking for BBQ sauce on the side since they're pretty messy. I thought the shrimp tacos were bland, and the avocado on top had a distinct several-day-old flavor, but a bit of sriracha brightened them up nicely. The fried polenta is quite good and veggie-friendly, with a wonderful creamy dill sauce on the side. Despite a few annoying things, this place is one of my new favorite restaurants.  The great specials and delicious food make up for the minor problems.
<review# 1661,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/3/2012,10/22/2012,133,63,8,12,11>THE FLAWLESS SANDWICH HAS FINALLY MADE ITS ENTRANCE IN DOWNTOWN ST LOUIS. I thought Downtown lunch options were basically bread co & some mexican place, so I never venture there from my office, 1.5 miles away. Okay I'm sure I sound like the laziest lunch eater ever, but honestly, crappy lunch options aren't worth dealing with downtown parking.  UNTIL NOWI'm so tired of people treating sandwiches, the greatest food item ever, like they should be some sort of mass produced creation, slapped together in four seconds by a ~sandwich artist~ at Joe's chain sandwich shop.  It's such blasphemy, I just can't believe people have developed such low expectations for sandwiches.So here comes Monty's.They roast their own meats. That news warrants repeating.They. Roast. Their. Own. Meats. Brine their corned beef.Cure their bacon.They use local bread (I think from Companion?)This is exactly what makes an excellent sandwich, and this is exactly what downtown needed.I've been looking for the perfect Cuban sandwich forever, and Monty's has nailed it with the Fidel Castro. The ham and the pork are just so flavorful and fresh,  it's indescribably awesome.For the veg heads, they have a black bean burger that puts your standard veggie burger to shame. I was a vegetarian for five years and if Monty's had been around then, I'd be buying those black bean burgers in bulk if I could.They've got breakfast stuff, salad stuff, side stuff (fresh cut fries of course - get them with parmesan!), soups, chilis, and desserts. MADE IN HOUSE. REPEAT. MADE. IN. HOUSE.You'll have to forgive my excitement but as someone who really does have a love affair with sandwiches, let me tell you that local does not always = fresh. Yeah, we've got a ton of local sandwich places here, but many are just using pre-processed, grade x ingredients in their sandwiches. For about 11 bucks you can get a full meal that will be so glorious that for one delicious bit of time, you will forget about the fact that your job probably sucks and your boss hates you.The staff there is a bunch of sweethearts, not in the "I'm going to be nice to you because the Starbucks training guide told me that I'm required to be nice to you" way, but in the way that genuinely nice people are. The only flaw that comes to mind is the vibe. Because of  the simplicity of the layout, it just gives off kind of an almost clinical setting.  It would be cool if they could create their own atmosphere (whether it's chill/relaxed like Kopperman's or super neighborhood centric like Blues City, or just something that makes the space uniquely Monty's and nobody else's).Overall, Monty's is legit, like super legit. I'm so happy to have found a sandwichery (don't hate on my made up words) downtown that meets my needs.
<review# 1662,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/4/2012,10/21/2012,156,121,2,5,6>This place is delicious and great for vegans / vegetarians as she offers multiple flavors that are diary free. I believe they use coconut milk instead.I tried the blueberry cheesecake and it was delicious and perfect for the hot weekends we've been having lately.I also tried a habenero chocolate flavor because spicy chocolate is a good combo, and holy crap it was actually lingeringly spicy! I can't wait to try more flavors.
<review# 1663,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/25/2012,10/20/2012,51,70,5,6,4>I can't believe how fat I feel after that lunch.  All I had was a pork steak, mac and cheese, mashed potatoes and gravy, green beans, cornbread, and pear cobbler...  Oh, I guess that does make sense.  I actually felt relief when unbuckling my seat belt after the drive home.  The portions are incredibly large, the food is ridiculously good, and the staff is fun-loving and grateful.  I'm about to fall asleep on my laptop.  Note to self:  Get a box next time, dummy.  I couldn't stop eating.  My favorites were the mac and cheese, cornbread, and pear cobbler, but everything was great.  This might be the worst place restaurant in town if you're counting calories (my coworker gaged his meal at about 1,400), but it's a great place to go if you want to fall into a Thanksgiving-like food coma.  Don't let a huge line (of perhaps the most diverse group of people in the city) deter you either.  It's cafeteria-style and it moves quickly.  The staff will be sure to find you a table.  And it's cheap!  $10 will get you a giant entree, 3 sides, and a big piece of the best cornbread you've ever had.  Be sure to plan accordingly though, as you will likely not want to do anything active for hours after waddling out of here.
<review# 1664,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/20/2012,10/19/2012,396,634,5,11,9>Still 5 stars for me!Returned to Blood and Sand a few more times since my last review(s) but the notable trip that stuck out in my mind is coming here with my parents a couple of nights ago for my graduation dinner.I am a little confused about the membership, not going to lie. I actually bought a month-long membership back in October of last year, but I haven't had to renew it since. I keep telling them "I think it's expired and I need to renew" but they never ask me to renew it. Am I not able to renew it in person? Or do they just simply not care anymore about memberships? I got the impression it was more of a thing to get people to commit to their restaurant and see who is committed enough to keep coming back? Oh well *shrug.* It doesn't bother me a whole lot but it's weird that some people have to pay and others don't. I would prefer if they stopped making people pay completely but that's just me. I want to come here but I can only afford to do so about once a month which makes a membership kind of not worth it to me because I won't "get my money's worth." They should have a special membership plan of $0/month for those who just graduated from a 4 year college and who are still severely in debt from school, hah. Anyway. (Can't complain about the bill for dinner the other night since it was my dad's treat!) That rambling aside...! We ordered a bunch of dishes to share. Tater tots, Spanish omelet, rabbit loin, strawberry salad, and Thai pork BBQ sliders. My parents had the punch and I had a Love Burns but I liked the punch just as much if not more. The tater tots--tasty as usual. My mom wanted the roasted nuts from the bar menu but they didn't have them anymore.The strawberry salad was very refreshing and my mom loved it. She also loved that they used "ramps" which are special type of seasonal onion in the salad. I was surprised she knew what they were because I had never heard of them before and I like to think we are both equally crazy foodies. But evidently they grow in Western PA too and my mom sees them at local grocery places in Pittsburgh. Cool. I also loved the Italian pepperoni-type stuff on the salad. Very great balance of textures and flavors.The Thai BBQ Pork Sliders were fantastic! My dad loved them! My mom loved them! And I loved them too. The pork was so rich and flavorful and not too spicy at all. Sadly, though, I think this is what caused my upset stomach the next day but I also think I might have IBS, so yeah...Spanish omelet was good. My dad had to google it on his phone before ordering to see what it was about (although in fairness our server was fantastic! he did a great job of explaining everything for my parents who were unfamiliar with a lot of the ingredients, mostly in the alcoholic drinks.) But anyway the omlet had potatoes in it along with the eggs and it was really filling. My dad loves omelets, potatoes, and eggs so it was perfect for him.The rabbit loin was also spectacular. Really, really tasty. Although the one thing I did not like about it was the cooked cabbage(?) on it. It was way too bitter for the rest of the dish. I did, however, love the cinnamon.Everything was cooked to perfection here. My mom usually doesn't eat meat like rabbit but she tried mine and thought it was phenomenal. It tasted like "mild white meat chicken" and was great in the savory sauce. I want to keep coming back here, but if they end up reading this and getting stricter on the memberships, I might not be able to afford it anymore. I wasn't kidding about the college debt thing. Maybe I will have to find a way to go back with my friends who have a membership already, or maybe just wait until I can find a better paying job (assuming I still live in the Lou.) My parents were truly floored by the quality of service and food at B&S. I think it will definitely be the part of their trip here that they remember the most!
<review# 1665,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/20/2012,10/18/2012,92,237,,16,5>SO glad I gave this place a chance.I really really do not like this strip mall.  I can not think of a good reason beyond it looks sketch to me and there is nothing attractive nor any shop I would go to in this strip mall. Glad I was wrong. The ole don't judge a book(shop) by it's cover(stripmall o.O ?!) got me again.My endless quest to find a nail salon that has nice people, lasting nail polish(my expensive nice place I went to lasted me 4 days before 3 nails chipped horribly,) and a moderate price so that I can make this a habit without feeling guilty about it. (I live to feel guilty about spending money.. not that it stops me. *le sigh*)I get the gel/shellac(They have Opi too) nail polish, of which the colors are displayed on a sample nail wheel so you can see what the colors are like out of the bottle.They have FULL body massage chairs. What I mean by this is that the chairs have leg massaging that feels awesome!I felt comfortable here with these very nice people. TLDR: Full size reclining massage chairs. Regular massage chairs on the pedicure stations. Nice people. Not pushy.  Clean. Guarantee their work for 2 weeks and will fix your nail job for free if your polish chips etc..  Don't let the strip mall fool you.  Easily the best in the immediate area.
<review# 1666,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/22/2012,10/17/2012,54,226,,8,7>When you haven't ordered and you're thinking about what you're going to have next time you come it's usually a good sign in a restaurant.  Scape did not disappoint, with Tank 7 on tap (always a plus) and plethora of martinis for the lady friend we were set on drinks.  I had a delicious east and west coast oyster sampler which was fantastic.The menu was just big enough to make you want a number of dishes, but not vast where you got lost in it.  Our server was incredibly knowledgeable about the menu, the ingredients, and spot on with recommendation.  On a side menu note, they had pancakes on the dinner menu called "It's 7am somewhere."  Classic, and well played.  I however had the braised beef short rib goulash which is currently making my mouth water just thinking about it.  Hearty, rich, and flavorful, beef was so tender and the sauce was exactly what you want from a goulash, thick, deep, and flavorful.I would definitely call this a higher end restaurant, but with so much to offer in class from excellent dishes to fantastic ambiance.  Great outdoor seating in the CWE area right next to a fountain and also an outdoor bar and lounge in the back of the restaurant, which from what I gathered was more of a cocktail lounge than dining area.Definitely a great date location where you can get out of the restaurant without losing your shirt and still having a memorable meal.
<review# 1667,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/10/2012,10/16/2012,100,105,12,8,6>I'm going to keep this short and sweet.  Best apple fritter on the planet.  For real.  No lie.  Perfect ratio of sugar, fruit, and dough.  Pretty sure they're made by unicorns in the back of the shop cause when you bite into one rainbows shoot out your eyes.  True story.It's a small mom and pop that caters to late night donut eaters.  Nothing fancy.  Really good donuts, hot coffee, and the price is right.  Unicorns, people.  UNICORNS!!!
<review# 1668,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/26/2012,10/15/2012,148,364,3,7,6>I had a great time at the Third Degree Glass Factory last Friday night! I was able to listen to some reggae, enjoy a snow cone, watch people play with fire, and finally I got to see some tiny glass creations!I always get nervous when I end up in  places with delicate items all around, but I managed to keep a safe distance and not break anything! The factory has so many beautiful items to look at. I got to see vases, ornaments, paperweights, and so much more. I really enjoyed the giant fruit bowl! I think once day I will own a giant fruit bowl and place tons of fake glass fruits in it...why?...because I can! I really enjoyed the crowd on Friday night, there were so many different ages represented. I can tell that this place is popular among the locals. Now that I've been for a 3rd Friday event I know I'll go back again and again. I was told that each month they have a different "them" so it might not ever get old!
<review# 1669,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/26/2012,10/14/2012,35,209,3,8,5>This was my first experience not only being in a martini bar, but also a first martini. I was surprised at how many different ones there were to choose from,  I was always under the impression that Martini's were bland social sipping drinks, boy was I proved wrong with this excursion.My choice of a Martini (yes I only had one) was called Caramel Apple, it had vodka and apple sour schnapps, and a caramel rim on the glass. omg was it delicious!  I sampled tastes of friends choices,  there was a mango strawberry one, one called  a Sassy Apple, a BB in drag (bugs bunny) Bitch & Mona, and one really delicious one called Stacy's Tea which I believe I will be having one of those the next time I return to this fin establishment.The Bar has been around for quite a while, however the previous owners earned it a bad reputation for a short while before it was closed and reopened. since then all I have heard about it rave reviews, and after spending a couple of hours there I am now convinced I too am a fan!The bartenders were super nice, and the wait times on the drinks was minimal even considering the large crowd that was in attendance. don't worry, if your not a martini fan there are other delicious concoctions available, and they also have a full regular bar with soda beer and liquor, but really, why would you have an ordinary drink when you can have something fantastic... Do yourself a favor and check out Absolutli Goosed you will be so glad you did..
<review# 1670,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/20/2010,6/14/2010,19,43,,5,4>My wife and I woke up hungry with no food in the house last Saturday.  This presented us with a constant problem as she loves breakfast food and I don't like it all.  We decided to try the Mud House in the Benton Park Neighborhood as it serves both.  My wife had the breakfast burrito and I had the meatloaf sandwich.  Both were really good.  Its amazing how few places in St Louis serve a breakfast burrito up to my wife's standards, but the Mud House is one of them.  I really enjoyed my meatloaf sandwich.  I had read on Yelp that they use a Coca-Cola glaze on the sandwich.  While I couldn't really taste the glaze it was very good.  My favorite part of the meal was the side of Macaroni & Cheese that I ordered.  It was very flavorful and is probably some of the best Mac & Cheese I have had since my last visit to the Tin Can.  I only wish you could get an entrée sized serving.  That would definitely be the way to go. Its one of those order at the counter and they bring you your food type places.  Service was good and our order arrived promptly.  Free WiFi is also available.  They also offer a wide range of coffee drinks, which we didn't sample.  All in all is was a very enjoyable experience.
<review# 1671,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/21/2010,6/13/2010,457,314,4,8,8>I don't know if anyone had read in the paper or saw on the news about the breeder hoarder of dachshunds. There were over 40 of them seized and I think about 30 of them made it.  The Humane Society took possession of the dogs in March made them stronger and by May they were ready for adoption.  My DIL the famous Chip K's wife sent me a link that the dogs were up for adoption.  I go on google find this Humane Society is close to my work.  I get over there about 15 mins before they close.  I walk into the place and they took me back to see the dogs.  All the dogs started barking except 2.  I male and one female.  The male was a mix of long hair wire hair and short hair and only 1 year old.  The female was 4 years old and I just don't think she would have worked out.  So I called the wife at work and said I am about to do something stupid.  She says you are going to adopt one of those dachshund aren't you!  Well after 32 years I guess she knows me.  So I bought home this scruffy dog to ad to our collection of dachshunds.  We now have 3..  Everyone needs three right?The people at the Humane Society stayed late for me so I could take Maury home with me.  They were very very nice and helpful.  Very  good and very dedicated people work here.
<review# 1672,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/25/2010,6/12/2010,275,429,7,9,8>Bless me, Father, for I have sinned.  I visited Terrene on a Friday during Lent with the best intentions--ordered the halibut special... and ate the delicious, crispy pancetta that accompanied it.  D'oh.Ah well, the road to hell is paved with good intentions, but at least my taste buds were in heaven.Terrene had been on my list since I moved to St. Louis in '08.  I'm not quite sure why it took so painfully long to get there, but I can guarantee it won't take that long to get back for another lovely meal.My meal was like the embodiment of Spring.  Fresh and flavorful with locally-sourced, in season produce--right up my alley.  The beet salad with house-made ricotta and baby arugula was so wonderful and not at all skimpy.  I'm used to miserly portions of beets, but after finishing my plate, I had to wonder if my teeth were stained pink, so generous was the helping.  And then... on to more beets!  Yes, the pan-seared halibut dish was accompanied by beautiful golden beets, delicate shaved fennel and the aforementioned damning crispy pancetta.  The combination of sweet beets, salty pancetta and herbaceous fennel was so nicely balanced and the fish so perfectly cooked, the meal renewed my faith in the St. Louis fine dining scene.  Just absolutely perfect.Justin doesn't bother with the no-meat Lenten Fridays, so he went whole hog (literally) and ordered the pork shoulder, accompanied by green chilies, hominy, honey and sweet potato fries.  Another revelation in flavor combination and we now have grand plans to include chilies, hominy and honey in our next barbecue.  The pork was fantastically tender and flavorful (what?  I'd already damned myself with the pancetta; might as well try Justin's pig, too) and the sweet potato fries were the best I've had anywhere. Dessert was an orange blossom, white chocolate panna cotta with candied orange peel and an edible orchid.  It was good, but honestly, even though I'm a sugar junkie, I would have liked a few extra bites of my entree instead.Our server was just right--not hovering, but not MIA; personable, but still professional; knowledgeable but not a sassy know-it-all.  Everything about our experience was exceptional, from the soothing surroundings to the terrific service to the delicious meal.  Justin and I fancy ourselves pretty good cooks and don't go out *too* much anymore because we often feel we could prepare meals as good as or better than what we find in restaurants.  Both of us are smitten with Terrene, though, and were more than happy to splurge on a meal we know we can't replicate in our own kitchen.  Even if it means I have to go to confession to save my pork-loving soul.
<review# 1673,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/8/2010,6/11/2010,38,146,5,4,3>Finally I got to try Pi! It lived up to my hopes and dreams. Got there early on a hot date with my man and we got seated right away. I liked the dark, chunky wooden tables and warm red walls. Our server, Spencer (I remember thinking Spencer Pratt! Gross!) was  very helpful, explained the menu well, gave clear and honest answers, and recommended beers for us that we enjoyed.  We split the small bada bing salad, and it was small like George Clooney is ugly. Delicious too- tart dried bing cherries with savory gorganzola cheese, yummmmoooo! And then the pizza. Let's all pause a minute to savor the memory of the pizza. (.......) okay, thank you. We got the large deep dish Berkeley with kalamata olives, zucchini, onions, and red peppers. For as deep as it was, it did not feel heavy and greasy like Chicago style deep dish that, while orgasmic in its own right, sits in your stomach like a milk brick. The crust is crunchy and buttery flavored. the chunky tomato sauce was great- I added a littel red pepper sprinkles to give it some heat and it was perfect. We had at least another meal's worth of leftovers, so good bang for the buck. That's what she said. Oh, and they have good drink specials- draft Schlafly beer (or whatever their seasonal special is) for $3 and house wine for $5 until 6pm. To quote the governator, I'll be back.
<review# 1674,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/3/2010,6/10/2010,120,188,4,5,6>This place is ****ing awesome.I recently went there for my birthday and it was probably the best decision I've ever made.  A couple of my friends and I decided to go later at night so we could hit the bar and then try to traverse through this place.  What a night!There's so much to do that we had no idea where to start.  I definitely wanted to try the huuuuuuuuuge slide that they have here, but I had no idea where it was.  After asking everybody we finally found a guy (who was in a log) and he took us to where it was.  I was giggling the entire way down (giggling... who knew?).  There's stone passageways on the bottom floor, trees and branches on the middle floors with tons of different ways to go and metal walkways, tubes and other contraptions going up to the top floor.It was cold out so we didn't go outside at all and the roof was closed (due to weather) so there's so much more stuff to see.  I'm heading back as soon as I get a chance.  Count on it.
<review# 1675,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/11/2010,6/9/2010,129,181,5,10,5>Vom Fass makes me proud of the European side of my heritage (for once)...This is the most charming store.  As an aspiring cook, and a well-read herbalist and health nut, Vom Fass has things to offer that you cannot find ANYWHERE else in St. Louis.  Amongst a long list here are some highlights:- Wellness oils such as Evening Primrose Oil, which is a female balancing tonic for hormones and has a high level of y-linolenic acid - Their fruit vinegars are made by fermenting the actual juice, not just adding fruit flavor like other makers do- Rare culinary oils like Argan Oil, Pine Kernal Oil, and Pistachio Oil (YUM!)I didn't get a chance to sample any of the liquors, but I will be back with my better half for those (I at least need to wait until after 10am to drink whiskey)
<review# 1676,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/2/2010,6/8/2010,129,341,4,5,6>HoI has been the best, "sitdown" Indian experience I've had in St. Louis.  I'm showing a wee bit of restraint and keeping this at 4 stars, though the beautiful wife is going to chastise me for not knocking them up to 5.Lamb vindaloo - freaking delicious (though I'll probably ask them to kick up the heat just a touch more)Chicken tikka masala - this is really good as well.  There's that extra "zing" which makes it better than most Indian buffetsNaan - huge pieces, yay!Keema naan - again, big pieces.  And again, really freaking good.Only minor  negative was that the service was a wee bit slow at the beginning, but then it started to get into rhythm.  We were even brought the check without asking (and no, they weren't trying to get rid of us).Oh, my first Kingfisher was a little skunky as well, but that's a risk you take with a green bottle beer.But neither of those aspects are keeping us from returning - I look forward to our next visit.
<review# 1677,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,5/6/2010,6/7/2010,18,55,5,5,5>Ted Drewes is a Saint Louis tradition, an institution, and perhaps on some level, a physical manifestation of the culinary spirit  of Saint Louis. I know that Ted Drewes as a company is extremely philanthropic and devoted to giving back to the community through scholarships, assistance programs, etc. And the fact that they've been in business since the late 1920's has got to count for something. Unfortunately, for this Saint Louis native, it doesn't count enough to excuse their gradual decline in quality. I remember as a child going to Ted Drewes for my frozen treat; a Hawaiian Delight, my 'usual' for years. I remember the custard being thick and creamy and the ingredients being fresh. And I remember the attendants holding my ice cream upside down for as long as they wanted, without fear. Fast-forward to Today:Now the custard, while still spectacularly flavorful and creamy, turns to soup in under 10 minutes if you don't eat fast enough... even on a cool day (say, high 60s, low 70s). The ingredients in my Hawaiian Delight are of mixed quality- the bananas are too mushy and the coconut shavings are almost crunchy.  And their patented Ted Drewes, "holding your ice cream precariously upside down" has become a flick of the wrist lasting a microsecond. Try it yourself. Order a small vanilla concrete and hold it upside (presumably over a trash can) for more than that 'flip' of a second. SPLAT!Ted Drewes IS a Saint Louis institution and is to be respected for it's actions as a company, on the basis of it's relationship with the community. However, I just can't believe the hype anymore.Ted Drewes is good. NOT unbelievable.
<review# 1678,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/11/2010,6/6/2010,144,93,4,3,3>It was all set, a dinner at Pho Grand with my beloved small group that I help to lead out near St. Louis University. And then, one by one, I got the response: "Sorry, can't make dinner." Was that going to stop me from going to Pho Grand!? Something get in the way of me and good eats? No way! So I embarked on my solo journey to Pho Grand. I was greeted with smiles as I told them I would be eating alone. I know, but please don't shed any tears for me. After looking over the menu, I decided to go with a dish called "Com Dac Biet." It is a dish that one of my Vietnamese friends had suggested to me. It's a great dish that comes with rice, shredded pork, grilled pork meat, a delicious Vietnamese-style egg-cake and a nice sweet sauce to boot. When everything comes together, it is quite delicious. I've tried this particular dish at other restaurants, and it was pretty good here. It wasn't the best, but still very worthy of the four stars. There are some authentic Vietnamese items hanging on the walls in the restaurant, which added a nice touch. The service was friendly. If you're looking for another Vietnamese restaurant to try, give Pho Grand a shot, even if you have to go by your lonesome. :-)
<review# 1679,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/14/2010,6/5/2010,264,889,,6,4>I love the Humane Society! I volunteer here as well as adopted my beautiful puppy from HSMO. The HSMO offers a variety of volunteer opportunities as well as special events and classes, like dog training and Bark in the Park.Be aware when you visit that the animals are under a great deal of stress and may not act in a way that they would if they had a loving secure home. As far as humane societies and animal shelters go, this is a very nice facility and it doesn't smell too badly. The staff are very nice, but they may not appear to be available...don't let that discourage you, they have a lot to do and their number one goal is to care for the animals not visitors.There are always new animals available, the adoption fee is based on age and bread type. I feel it's well worth it because you can interact with a potential fit before you decide to adopt unlike some adoption methods. Plus, you can feel good about saving a pet that doesn't have a loving home.The shelter has a vet office you may take your pet to as well as a gift shop. The gift shop is not the most extensive but it helps to be able to pick up a few quick things if you didn't plan ahead for adopting, such as leases, collars/harnesses and kennels if need be. That way you don't have to go out with your new dog...or leave it behind to pick up those items the very first day you bring them home.I have never regretted adopting, but do your homework and be realistic about the breed choice you make...be sure your lifestyle matches.
<review# 1680,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/12/2013,3/15/2013,12,169,6,9,7>No matter how good the food was, I never thought that I would enjoy Filomenas. In my opinion, eating your pasta out of a plastic container rates right up there with drinking your wine out of a Solo cup. Boy, was I wrong! The food was outstanding - the best flavors I've tasted in quite some time - and I've been made a believer.We ordered an appetizer, sandwich and pasta and shared it all. First, I was amazed that everything came out piping hot and at the same time. You have problems getting that in many restaurants, much less a fast casual-type place. I'm a sucker for arancici - so we had to get that. And golden, crispy balls of cheesy deliciousness they were! Their traditional arancini kind of surprised me with no meat filling, but they did mention a sausage version that you can order. Next the spaghetti with meatballs - something that I normally would never go for since it just seems pretty basic. Fantastic flavor here! The meat sauce was rich and tangy and the meatballs were perfectly moist and well seasoned. 2 for 2...now on to the star of the show...I'm gonna say it - Carmalina's Hot Roast Beef on cheese garlic bread is the best french dip I've had, probably, ever! Tender shreds of meat, piled on to killer Italian cheese garlic bread with au jous for dipping. I'm still fantasizing about this sandwich.So, Filomena's did it. They managed to use their fantastic food to hypnotize me away from realizing I was eating Italian in a fast-casual environment out of plastic containers. Try it! Now!
<review# 1681,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/5/2013,3/14/2013,68,185,2,8,6>This place has got to be one of my favorite Coffee Shops in Saint Louis, its up there with Winslow's Home. I love the name, I love the decor, I love the brick and the typewriters and the colorfully organized bookshelf. I love the casual intimacy of the tables and chairs. I love that you can end up sharing a table with a random stranger reading a book. Even the fireplace is real and gives off heat. The coffee here was very delicious. I had the Bianca and it was very frothy and rich. I drank my mug dry! I also had a Veggie Sandwich, which consisted of scrambled eggs, tomato, cheese, cucumber and lettuce. It was also very delicious. The staff was friendly and nice. Walking in you immediately felt like a regular!  I can't wait to try all the other yummy goodies they have to offer on the menu!
<review# 1682,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/18/2012,3/13/2013,18,53,2,6,6>Chicago has Lincoln, or Linkin Park (depends on your edginess) and we have Benton Park Cafe & Coffee Bar.  Although the names are virtually identical, Benton Park C&CB is clearly superior.  Although I was there for lunch, and it seems that they are known for breakfast and being a coffee bar, their lunch was very tasty.  I had the grilled chicken sandwich which was great.  Very flavorful, and although it came with dipping sauce, there was none needed for this Yelper... it was good enough without it.  Loved the bacon, shrooms, and grilled onions on the which.  An absolute must try.  Only complaint was that the chicken was a smidgen on the dry side.  Not terribly dry... just a smidgen.Now, they also have what I call party potatoes (holiday potatoes) as a side.  These things are the tits!  I could have eaten a bucket of them!!  Cheesy goodness they were, and I should know... I'm super cheesy at times!I would love to try their breakfast, and or coffee some day(not sure what the and/or was all about, obviously I would be drinking coffee with breakfast).Benton Park keep it up!  Also people who have never been there... there is a whole other side to the place just in case the front is too busy for ya.  Head out the door and around the corner and there is a dining room ready to fulfill your hunger needs!
<review# 1683,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/13/2013,3/12/2013,111,674,3,4,6>I came here with a friend today for lunch.  OMG!  The corned beef is really delish.  Yes, it's true.  This place has the best corned beef I have ever had in my entire life.  Sliced & cooked to perfection.  Tiny little deli, but lots & lots of goodies to munch on.  European biscuits (translation = cookies) & chocolates & Mexican Coke & Pepsi.  Knishes, but limited bagel flavors.  My friend got the pastrami, which I need to try next time.  They even have locally made gefilte fish.  I have tried the jar version of it & didn't like it.  Not too many places to sit down.  They have seating outside.  Just a couple of tables.  Honestly, this is a really good place to try everything.  I mean everything from the sodas to the candy.  Halvah in different flavors.  Looks yummy.  On the list to try the next time I'm here.  Parking in front of the deli is metered & payable by a machine that takes credit or cash.  There's a slot to put your coins in & another to put your card in.
<review# 1684,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/31/2013,3/11/2013,194,81,2,9,5>5 stars for the karaoke, the amazing wait staff (especially Tina) and good drink specials3 stars for the foodI go to karaoke a few times a month for karaoke on Fridays nights.  I usually just order a few beers over the course of the night and have a great time.Occasionally, I have ordered food.  The salads are okay.  Wings are their specialty, but I prefer BBQ boneless wings so I skip that.  I have ordered burgers in the past too and those are good.Tina is usually the bartender on Friday nights and she does an amazing job.  She is incredibly attentive.  And the karaoke?  I heart Allison and her amazing KJing abilities so there isn't much more to say there.It's a fun time. Come on down.
<review# 1685,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/26/2012,3/10/2013,25,86,4,8,8>I really like pizza.  And I eat a lot of it too.  There are those occasional nights when I'll eat Domino's or Pizza Hut or Imo's, but usually, I frequent more upscale pizza joints, like Dewey's, Pi, and Red L.  Now, calzones always look good to me, but they never deliver.  I'm always disappointed, because I'm a sauce gal, and having to dip in this little tiny cup never quite does it for me.Enter Sauce on the Side.  My sis and I have been twice now, and I learned my lesson the first time that I don't even NEED an extra sauce cup.  The flavors are that good.  I ordered the Magic Carpet Ride (mushrooms, garlic, mozz, ricotta, brushed with garlic honey oil, and served with a garlic dipping sauce) with red onion, and a small Smokehouse Salad (corn, smoked cheddar, basil, tomatoes) with no pancetta and extra dressing.  They actually grate their own cheese for the salad (no shredded, bagged cheese here), which is evident in the tiny bits of brown rind from the smokey cheddar.  And even though I'm a vegetarian and not a fan of anything BBQ, they let me try the ranch before I ordered, and it was good enough to lick the cup.  They also infuse their own oils, and I really recommend ordering something with the garlic honey oil, because it gives the dough a hint of sweetness that is "wow" worthy.Many people have mentioned that the plates are problematic, and I can say first hand that they are.  My fork slipped off the sides a few times, finally landing in my lap and staining my shirt.  Hopefully I smelled more like the honey than the garlic in the oil the rest of the day!The service is confusing (in a good way), because even though they don't have waiters/waitresses, all of the guys (owners) have come over to check on us and ask how the food is, and the girls from the counter always ask if we need drink refills, etc.  The last time, Brendan came over, and he informed us that they made the tables in the restaurant by hand!  I thought that I fell in love when I bit into the calzone, but these guys make tables too?  What exactly CAN'T you do, gentlemen?  Awesome interior decorators?  Check.  Awesome table makers?  Check.  Awesome business owners?  Check.  Awesome customer servicemen?  Check.  And most importantly, awesome calzone makers?  Check.Awesome plate pickers?  Oh well...we all can't be perfect.  But where it really counts, this place definitely is!
<review# 1686,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/9/2012,3/9/2013,154,611,5,10,8>I live really close to Malone's on Watson and it's always intrigued me because of its odd location in a plaza with all automotive businesses. I never went there, however, not knowing much about it. Enter Groupon. I bought one and decided to use it last week on a night when I was exhausted. We walked in and it is kind of dark like a typical pub. It has a huge amount of sports memorabilia everywhere, which was cool. I spent time reminiscing about going to the Indy 500 when I was younger as there were lots of pieces of memorabilia from that. We were helped right away from our waitress, who was great throughout the night. I ordered a margarita - one of their specialties. A big fishbowl margarita is $3!!!! Yes, $3!!! Get it flavored (I got frozen strawberry) for only $4. The best prices in town, and it's not even happy hour. Their appetizers are half price during happy hour. Talk about great specials. I'll go back for those. We got the provolone cheese sticks, which they make in house. They may be the best in STL. Perfect coating on the outside, stringy cheese, flavorful, and with a yummy homemade marinara sauce. DO NOT pass these up!I ordered the tostada salad (without chicken) and my hubby got a burger. They came out with good timing after our appetizer. My salad was bigger than my head. It was GIGANTIC. Way too much for me to eat. If I came back, I would've asked for dressing on the side because I couldn't take home leftovers of a salad already dressed. It gets too soggy for me. It was good though! My hubby loved his burger and the fries were perfectly seasoned. Service and food were great, and with the groupon we only owed about $6, We left a 20% tip for our attentive waitress and will be back for sure!
<review# 1687,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/24/2012,3/8/2013,224,200,10,12,9>Thank God I gave up the vegetarian thing years ago.If you're hosting a barbecue, you NEED to go here. Fact.I bought:Package of 5 BBQ pork burgersPackages of 4 brats in these flavors: smoked Bavarian sausage, Chipotle ranch, spinach artichoke, sweet Jamaican jerk, and tomato basil.Total: $29.32. In essence, I fed 25 people for $29 with amazing barbecue. Everyone raved about their food.They also have a million different kinds of pickles, dressings, and various other things like cheeses, side dishes, and desserts. All of the staff were very nice and knowledgeable and illustrated to me the passion and enthusiasm that comes with a local gem like this one.Aaaand they cater. I need to find an excuse in my life to have Kenrick's cater an event for me. I don't care if someone asks me to host a Cat Fashion Show, if it means I get to pick the caterer, I'm all over it.Definitely a wonderful one-stop-shop for all your barbecue needs. Check it out!
<review# 1688,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/3/2013,3/7/2013,330,151,10,13,13>La Pizza, you may be small, but you are mighty. Upon pulling up to this storefront my friends joked, "are you sure this is a sit down joint?" but oh is it ever. We were greeted by two chill looking guys who I felt a little bad for--they were working New Years Eve after all. We took a seat and while we decided what we wanted, I enjoyed humming along to some Modest Mouse.    My two friends and I decided on a Sausage, Pepperoni, and Green Pepper concoction that would keep us happy all through the wee hours of ringing in the new year. My friend Joe was feeling extra hungry and said we needed the 18'....so we did.....and we were brought face to face with what I can only call mammoth pizza. Mammoth Pizza made my jaw drop. Not only from it's large circumference but also from the taste---yum. yum. Yumyumyum.       I had 2 slices (which was honestly impressive) of this New York Style pie and couldn't handle any more, but it was oh so good. Groan worthy for sure. And I enjoyed an empty little restaurant that I still got to watch get tons of take out traffic. This is a spot not to be overlooked!
<review# 1689,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/7/2013,3/6/2013,238,242,,8,5>It's always good to see another business open downtown, but especially when it's open late and delivers.  Snarf's is a great sandwich shop specializing in toasted sandwiches.  Their downtown location just opened in the last few days, but they must be a growing chain because they also have a locations in U-City, Chicago, and Colorado.   I was surprised to see that they are open till midnight at this location.  I hope they can keep those hours! I recently tried the rotisserie chicken with Swiss cheese on wheat. It's available in 7" for $7.65 or 12" for $10.50 and comes toasted. Unfortunately my sandwich came with just meat and cheese, but I'm sure you can request the usual stuff on it. Actually, they should probably ask, but no biggie. I went back up to the counter and asked for some mayo which made all the difference. They also gave us a side of hot peppers which were delicious on the perfectly toasted sandwich. The chicken was good, but the other sandwich I sampled was even better.   It was the special of the day "the picnic" or smoked brisket with BBQ sauce and coleslaw on it.  Yummy! The BBQ beef oozing into the slaw made a delicious combination.   Snarf's features Zapp's chips which come in interesting flavors like spicy Cajun crawtators and New Orleans Voodoo.  I think this is a Louisiana based chip company, but anyway it's nice to have a different offering of chips.  4 tasty stars for Snarf's.  Welcome to Downtown St. Louis!  I'll be back often.
<review# 1690,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/9/2008,3/8/2009,13,63,5,4,5>On any given day if you asked me to rate Morgan Street (or most of the bars on the Landing), I would laugh in your face.  I think when I first became the legal drinking age, I could have never imagined loving ANYTHING MORE than to be groped by some asshole wearing a frat-hat and being in a bar where the number of minutes you have to wait for a bartender to look at you has a negative correlation with your cupsize.  But now...not so much.BUT.  To be honest, on some nights, you'll be in a better mood and be willing to put up with some of the bullsh*t to have one real, true, FUN night out with the girls.  And that finally happened for me at Morgan Street of all places.I think I enjoyed it a bit more because we secured ourselves a table upstairs and were able to converse with each other and have hysterical conversations with drunks of all ages.  Not to mention, beer ONLY comes in monsterous sizes.  Everyone's a winner.Seriously, not a bad time.I didn't eat there that night, but I have before and I freaking LOVE their fried chicken salad.  I mean, it's not good for you...AT ALL, but it's so good and fresh and they make their own ranch dressing.  Delish.  But so's the beer, so there you go.
<review# 1691,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/28/2009,3/7/2009,132,135,1,4,4>I really like Sweet Art.  Went today and it was packed!  The cupcakes were good, but the cookies really stood out.  How can a cookie be you ask?  My definition of the best cookie is crunchy on the edges and soft in the middle.  I had a chocolate chip and a sunshine cookie -lemon w/ white chocolate.  Both were perfect.  I can't wait to try their lunch items-vegetarian and vegan friendly. I really just liked the overall vibe of this place.  Laid back, with a lot of soul.  You can tell the owners really put their all into it.  I wish them much success!
<review# 1692,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/3/2009,3/6/2009,38,48,7,12,8>Although my boyfriend is the one who picks up the seafood (his office is nearby), I'm all smiles when he brings home the clear plastic bag, jammed with tons of ice, a lemon, and the most gorgeous fish I've ever seen.Bob's is truly exceptional.  You will never go back to buying fish at Schnuck's or Dierberg's again... and I mean that.  You just won't.  You'll make snarly faces at people getting fish from the grocery store while you contain the urge to blurt out 'Bob's!  Just go to Bob's OMG!  Don't buy that slimy weeks-old thawed crap!'This is slightly inconvenient, but totally worth it.Everything is so fresh, so full of taste, that you will also become one of those foodie snobs when you go out - because grilling salmon from Bob's seafood at home rivals any upscale restaurant out there.  Seriously.  Just build a trip to Bob's into your schedule once a week from now on, if you like to have fish a couple times a week like I do.Don't say I didn't warn you.
<review# 1693,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/15/2008,3/5/2009,48,424,2,3,2>Delicious thin crust pizza, nice patio.  The interior is pretty small and unwelcoming.
<review# 1694,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,3/2/2009,3/4/2009,22,86,2,3,2>Deluxe is a relatively new spot in Maplewood, and although the official name listed here is "Deluxe: Fine Food and Spirits" everyone I know refers to it as "Deluxe Diner".  The reason I bring that up is because on the one hand it's definitely going for a diner vibe, but on the other the menu wasn't quite what I expected for simple straightforward diner fare.  So perhaps both names are appropriate.Plenty of red, black, and white accompanied with chrome sets up the diner theme...but the light level is kept relatively low and there's a stage up front which hints of late night debauchery and a more sophisticated approach.  As for the food.  Some diner standards like patty melts (which are good), burgers, etc. are mixed in with more unusual offerings like "Rings Of Fire" (buffalo onion rings...which fyi are great), and *really* unusual offerings like Hummus (really?).To be honest I can't really get a handle on this place in regards to what it wants to be when it grows up.  When it comes to the atmosphere there's a fusion thing happening here, but god help me if I know what it is.  Regardless, the dishes I've had to date have been good, and who knows, maybe they make killer hummus and I'm missing the boat.   And lest you misunderstand, I like the restaurant, it just defies an easy label.
<review# 1695,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,2/12/2009,3/3/2009,39,58,1,2,2>Fast and good. Hot Wok is a nice place to get a good business lunch (I've only ever had lunch there) on the fly and on the cheap. The service is fast and friendly, the atmosphere is clean and pleasant. You have to ask for chopsticks, but apart from that it's just what you'd want in a good Chinese restaurant.
<review# 1696,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,1/21/2009,3/2/2009,319,681,1,10,11>The draw for this locally owned chain restaurant (3 locations) is that this particular location sits on the best corner in the Central West End (lots of action, people watching, etc.).  It is especially nice if you are lucky enough to get an outside table on a warm summer night. Another draw is that they have phenomenal happy hours, where most of the sushi, appetizers and specialty martinis are either discounted or half price (only in the bar upstairs). Happy hour runs M-F from 5:00-7:00 PM. On Wednesdays, they offer free sushi and pot-stickers via buffet from 5-6 pm (in the upstairs bar). You need to get there early to get a seat and plan to dine along side a hungry pack of starving college students who are pretty quick to empty the buffet. The down side of dining here is that while they have a large variety to choose from, much of the sushi is average, service can suck at times, and this location can be noisy. Also, they have no dedicated parking. I will admit, because of the location and great happy hour deals, I am a fan. I mean hey, reasonable quality maki for $2.50-$4 ea order ?  Now that's what I call a deal!!  Reservations are a must if you have a group.
<review# 1697,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/27/2009,3/1/2009,5,16,,1,1>I tried Wonton King last night as they are about the only Chinese place that delivers in U-City.  I did this based on a friend's recommendation.  First of all, I was pleasantly surprised with how quick they were to get the food to us.  It was rainy, and messy outside and they were there in 30 minutes or maybe even less.   The food was good, the price was right and overall it was a good experience.  Also, the crab rangoon seemed to be better than I have had in recent years.  I will have to order it again to see if it was a fluke or not but it was delicious.  We were very happy with the choice and would recommend it to anyone.
<review# 1698,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/25/2009,2/28/2009,91,530,7,9,9>Truly outstanding, and hands down in my top ten of best restaurant experiences of all time.From the moment the valet opened my car door and warmly greeted me with a "Welcome to 1111 Mississippi, is there anything you need?" to the moment we drove away I was blown away again and again.  Everyone in my party walked out saying, "wow, that was excellent."I came here on Saturday night with my parents and three friends in tow to celebrate, um, me.  And how awesome I am.  Our reservation was for 7:15, and when we arrived early the friendly hostess directed us to the bar.  We happily settled in at the bar and ordered wine to get things started and the bartenders were friendly and quick, which I always enjoy.  When one of my friends was tardy (seriously, I need more punctual friends), the hostess came over and checked in with me to make sure we were okay.  Nice touch.When our entire party had arrived, we were taken to our table.  No tiny table cramming 6 people in here - nope, we had a huge table in the corner, and it was so big there would be no fighting for table space with food and drinks, but it was still intimate enough to hold our conversations and celebrate.While we're on the subject of the great table, I have to note that as soon as I sat down at the bar and looked around I was taken aback at how *gorgeous* this place is.  The pictures on the website do NOT do it justice.  I loved the exposed ceilings, the decor, all of it.  It is very warm and inviting, and it made me want to crawl up into the ceiling and live there.  And the bathrooms smell so amazing you wanted to grab a spoon and eat it.  I know, gross, right?  But you can't say that, because you just don't know.Our server, Russel, was outstanding.  I can't even put into words how great this guy is at his job - he was friendly, funny, and just amazing all night long.  It's been a long time since I have had a server as fantastic as he was, and there should be more like him.Now, for the food.The warm bread they brought out?  I'm drooling just thinking about its warm softness dipped in the olive oil and parmesan cheese.  Mmm.  Deliciousness.We skipped appetizers in favor of salads.  Everyone at the table except me ordered the spinach salad, and after hearing them ooh and ah over  it (there was even a "this is the best salad I've ever had"), I sort of regretted my choice of the romaine hearts salad.  Except I really didn't, because mine was damn good too.  I have no idea what that thing was on top of my salad but it was delicious, and I would like ten to go, please.For the entrees, we all got a little something different.  I went with the peppered beef tenderloin medallions, which were served up with garlic mashed potatoes, spinach, and a marsala mushroom sauce.  It was DIVINE.  I tried someone's bacon wrapped pork tenderloin, and I must say, I was in heaven.  That is downright delicious, and it will be on my plate the next time I come back here.  Others ordered the cavatappi, shellfish fettuccini, and the rib eye, and everyone seemed to just be very engrossed in how good their dish was.Stuffed as we all were, we were all excited to try the dessert.  We ordered the white chocolate bread pudding and the white chocolate mousse to share, and if I hadn't died and gone to heaven before, I certainly did when I shoveled some of that bread pudding into my mouth.  I had to restrain myself to lick the plate clean, it was that good.One of the reasons I picked this place is because the menu is varied enough that everyone will find something they love, the prices aren't bad at all, the wine list is extensive, and the location is great.  It's like all my favorite things wrapped up in a big red bow named 1111 Mississippi.  I left here with a big smile on my face that didn't disappear for a couple hours.  Ok, sure, that might have been the wine talking, but shhh...  it was the experience here too.  And I'm smiling right now, just remembering how amazing my meal here was.Yeah, I have a major crush on this place.
<review# 1699,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/21/2009,2/26/2009,25,103,4,9,6>If your goal is to gain a couple hundred pounds, clog your arteries and have a good time doing it, this is the place for you! Don't be thrown by the name, this is soul food at its best. Friendly workers, enormous portions and too many great choices. This cafeteria style eatery has a few guidelines. You get in line and always, I repeat always keep your tray on the counter! Meal choices are laid out. You get to choose one meat. I chose the fried chicken wings. You get four and they are the biggest chicken wings I have ever seen. Really tasty too. Then you can pick either two or three sides. The macaroni and cheese deserves a parade and the fried corn was pretty great too. To top off your heaping plate that already weighs about 12 pounds they add an enormous piece of flavorful cornbread! While checking out I asked about the desserts. The nice lady explained that they had apple cobbler and fried apple or peach pies. Fried pie? I had to try this for myself, so I got one to go. Who knew that McDonald's or Hostess didn't invent this idea of the little pie pocket deep fried? After sufficiently stuffing myself and vowing to make this a regular destination, I took home 3 of my 4 chicken legs and my fried pie. Which later on that evening I found to be completely amazing!
<review# 1700,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/14/2011,4/11/2012,108,34,18,13,16>Some young guy was in town from Pittsburgh with his wife, who was here on business. Or maybe he was here conducting recon for the Illuminati. I honestly can't say for certain. I'm not sure who this guy is. He said he was a fan of the blog, and he expressed an interest in barbecue, and I guess he figured I'd know a good place to get some barbecue, because I'm gigantic black guy. But probably also because I famously used to work in the barbecue industry, and I mention eating barbecue in my writing every now and again. It just so happens that the hotel he was staying in was quite literally (but not literally) a hop, skip and a jump from Bogart's. So I figured what the fuck. I needed to have a look at Bogart's anyway, because it's supposedly the new best barbecue restaurant of all time, of ALL TIME.Because Bogart's is kinda off the beaten path, and because I have the kind of life where I can just up and go get some barbecue at 2 in the afternoon (don't be jealous), and because Bogart's still isn't as popular as Pappy's, I was able to waltz right in, place my order for ribs, and have some corn fed, 19 year-old white chick in tight blue jeans (bonus!) standing there with my ribs before I could even decide if I wanted to sit inside or outside. And I wasn't even that hung over yesterday (via "sleeping until noon"). Whereas at Pappy's, you gotta block out an entire afternoon to stand in line with a buncha people who saw the place on Food Network, and then by the time you get to the front of the line they don't have anything left except pulled pork. Fuck that noise, Jack!#noshots at a pulled pork sandwichI found the food to be very similar to Pappy's - which is of course a good thing. I went with the the half slab, with beans and potato salad as my two veg. No Boutros. Bogart's signature apricot glaze mostly just had the effect of making the ribs as sticky as the floor in a pr0n theater. (Sorry, I just had to.) I went through about five full-size paper towels in the 90 seconds or so it took me to scarf down that half slab, and they hardly did me any good. My hands were just as sticky afterwards, but now they had bits of paper towel stuck to them. Not that I mind looking like a down syndrome kid while I eat. I'm just saying. They might want to look into giving out moist towelettes with your order. If they can't afford that at this juncture, maybe they could send one of the umpteen kids just standing around in the kitchen to a local KFC. KFC will give you enough moist towelettes to clean up a crime scene at OJ's house. Especially if you go inside. I guess they just don't want any arguments.
<review# 1701,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/3/2011,4/10/2012,35,68,10,15,8>I had my first visit to 360 this past Saturday night and it was every bit as amazing as I anticipated it would be. This is a one of a kind St Louis experience that I would recommend to absolutely everyone, out-of-towners and city residents alike.So once inside the Hilton, my brother and I took an elevator ride up to the 26th floor with about a dozen or so other people. Interesting side note...even when you're going to a place like 360 in a hotel like the Hilton, there's still no guarantee you won't be stuck in a metal box and made to deal with elevator funk. Thankfully, the ride was quick. And to the person that turned that elevator into a gas chamber...that's just WRONG, man.Upon exiting the elevator, we were greeted warmly by a fresh-faced young woman and were surprised to find out that there was no cover on a Saturday night. From there, it was nothing but swanktitude as far as the eye could see. Waterfalls, fire pits at the bar, night owls dressed to impress. I guess I should elaborate that there really wasn't any pretentiousness, just swank. The VIP areas were all encased in little glass rooms seperate from the rest of the floor and kind of reminded me of giant snake terrariums. I half expected a giant hand to lift the lid off the top of them and drop a mouse inside.The most impressive thing about 360 is definitely the view. Looking out over the city lights at night and seeing Busch Stadium in front of me and the arch looming impressively to my left gave me a distinct feeling of pride. =)Beers were the 16 oz aluminum can variety, and I'm pretty sure they were $7.50. Expensive, but to be expected. I only stayed long enough for two drinks, but I can't wait to go back again. This is one of the coolest additions to the city in recent memory, in my book.
<review# 1702,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/9/2011,4/9/2012,527,814,20,30,26>PASSION x 3 = Blood & Sand. Blood & Sand is where you will find owners, a chef and a staff that are passionate about excellent food, drink and service. Their love and strong enthusiasm is obvious from the moment you enter the door. The ambiance is cool and relaxing. They could film an episode for Mad Men or The Playboy Club here without any adjustments. Passion #1 - The owners: TJ & Adam made it a point to visit our table more then once and to make sure everything was to our satisfaction. As stated in a previous review, they make it a point to know your name and to use it during conversation. Their positive attitude carries over to their staff. Adam's energy explaining their Tasting Table, had me sold on the experience from the get go. Passion #2 - A Chef: My apologies, I forget his name and he deserves a big shout out. He is very creative and passionate about his craft. I was shocked to hear that he not only does the main dishes, but he also creates the desserts.  I can not wait to come back and sit at the Tasting Table and "taste"  more of his creations. Passion #3 - A Staff: Bartenders and Servers who make sure no detail is missed in your dining experience.  You are treated as if you are dining in a 5 Star restaurant. Oh wait, I did give them 5 stars, but you know what I mean. The night I attended  I was a guest of Tim & Erin G.. It is good to be well connected on Yelp. We shared five small plates and two desserts and the servings were plentiful for three Yelp adults. Steamed Clams - I had to remember sharing is the right thing to do.These were some awesome clams.Truffled Tater Tots with Parmesan - A nice change of pace from the typical frites or fries you get at most places. Smoked Trout & Potato Salad - Order two of these, they smoke the trout in house and the potato salad is the perfect complement. Local greens, pickled watermelon rind, goat cheese, pecans and spiced cider vinaigrette - Double the size and I'd be in salad heaven. The size was big enough for three to sample, but it is worthy of being a meal itself. Fettuccine all a Carbonara - Places on The Hill would have someone knocked off to have a fettuccine dish this good on their menu. Once again, the bacon is smoked in house. The chef continued to amaze me with every dish and then I learned that he also does the pastry desserts as well. Chocolate fondant, pistachio creme anglaise - a chocoholics dream. I would love it in a bowl with a scoop of vanilla bean ice cream and my favorite show on TV. That would be a perfect night at home. Local maple syrup panna cotta, toasted pine nuts - the perfect ending to all the fabulous dishes we enjoyed. The panna cotta was rich, refreshing, and light at the same time. It was so enjoyable, I think it would be the perfect ending to every meal. I'd never get tired of eating it. My next visit will be with the SO sitting at The Tasting Table, watching the action in the kitchen and eating the special dishes created just for us.
<review# 1703,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/2/2012,4/8/2012,156,339,1,8,5>I dig this place, because it doesn't pretend to be anything it's not; Courtesy Diner serves cheap diner-quality breakfast, plain and simple.  Just walk in, pick a booth, and order one of the first two things of the menu and a coffee.  Get anything more complicated than that and you're wasting your time and money!I tried the steak and eggs once.  The dish was decent, but didn't provide any satisfaction or utility above and beyond hash browns, scrambled eggs, and eggs or sausage.  All tabs here are going to be $10.00 or less, which is pretty sweet in today's era of the overpriced and pretentious brunch.You'll get all types in here, including some that have clearly been out all night long.  If you want the real adventure, hit the original location, which is on Kingshighway.Can't wait for my next trip!
<review# 1704,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/18/2012,4/6/2012,194,81,,7,7>I love that Hamburger Mary's is now in St. Louis. I have been hearing about it for so long from my friends in other cities and St. Louis is now home to our very own Hamburger Mary's.The decor is over the top and fun. The upstairs features a sports motif. There's a burlesque-ish section and the main section is more reminiscent of a cross between an Applebee's and a gay bar.I ordered the meaty mushroom burger and fries. I really enjoyed it. My friend, Allison, showed up a little later and we asked about vegetarian options. The staff found a couple great options for her.The drinks were a little slow, but the service was excellent. Our waitress was very attentive.  I'm so excited to see the events they have here like karaoke and bingo. I'm also excited to try their full menu.
<review# 1705,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/16/2011,4/5/2012,101,271,3,7,7>I was a Thai virgin until last night!I went to the Spicey Challange with my fellow Yelper's and I tried the Thai Rama at a level 2 with all the other Yelper's trying level 25-50 and maybe even higher. I figured start out low and maybe work my way up if I liked the food. Well I loved my food it was so incredibly awesome with the right amount of heat. It was really fresh and came out in a decent amount of time for all the dishes that were being made for everyone. I will definitely be back to tango with the Spicy challenge and have some other not so spicy things from the menu as well. It was a blast watching people eat what I can only describe as the hottest shit known to man. I tasted from someones plate that didn't make it and I was feeling it all night and the next morning. Kat our waitress was awesome, I really think she made the whole experience that much more fun and interesting. She was really helpful with the menu that was totally foreign to me. I cannot believe that I live down the road and haven't had the balls to go in, I am so glad I did though.
<review# 1706,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/18/2011,4/4/2012,44,94,2,5,5>Yum, yum, yum! If you're visiting St. Louis, Ted Drewes is a must. Order the concrete and get whatever you want mixed in. They also have special mix-in flavors to choose from if you'd like to go that route. Ted Drewes offers sundaes, banana splits, etc., but it's kind of known for the concrete. The custard is just so creamy and rich! In my opinion, the mini size gives you plenty! If you order a larger size, be prepared to have a lot! Ted Drewes gets busy, especially during the summer in the evenings. Don't be discouraged. The line moves quickly, and it's kind of fun to just take in the whole scene and all the people!
<review# 1707,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/22/2011,4/3/2012,13,46,3,9,5>This original Stefanina's location is very popular among families who have been living in O'Fallon for 30 years now. I've been going here with my family since before I can remember and continue to go here for dinner with my girlfriend or friends when I'm in the area. I've been here countless times and can't imagine that changing now or any time in the near future.The pizza is St. Louis style--cracker-thin crust, square-cut with provel cheese. Mmmmmm. My girlfriend, who is not from St. Louis, actually enjoys provel cheese (thank goodness). I understand that most people don't like it; it certainly is an acquired taste. Comparing this to Imo's though is however super unfair. Stefanina's pizza beats the cheese out of Imo's and is actually less expensive by about a couple bucks!The cheese is essentially the same, but that's where the similarities end. Stefanina's thin crust is probably micrometers thicker, but they actually use some yeast and dock the dough so it gets a little airy, yet still crispy and thin. The sauce pairs well with the cheese and has the right amount of sweetness--not too much. The Italian sausage contends for the best I've had on any pizza and is particularly my single favorite topping here. The pizzas are topped very liberally so each bite is full of flavor. Have you ever taken a bite of something and had to stop for a moment because you were smiling uncontrollably? That's what this does to me, and if you've never experienced that with anything, get your butt over here.They aren't limited strictly to pizza, though. Oooohhh no. I've tried probably half of the appetizers on the menu and many of them I'm admittedly addicted to. Almost all of them are greasy, fried breaded foods, but they are too good to pass up. The best ones are their toasted ravioli and their fairly new toasted cannelloni bites. The toasted ravioli is some of the best I've had--always hot and comes with a delicious meat sauce. The toasted cannelloni bites, which are actually probably one of their toasted cannellonis (which you can order as a pasta entree) cut up into pieces, are a godsend!! Served with a side of some orange delicious miracle sauce (the same stuff they pour on the entree version) and stuffed with a savory veal, pork and beef blend. Oh man, my tummy is starting to rumble. :)))Their pastas are also delicious. I mentioned the toasted cannelloni already (which probably doesn't really count as a real pasta, ha), but their regular cannelloni with the same filling (but with a sort of marinara or meat sauce) and manicotti are also favorites of mine. My girlfriend typically gets fettuccine alfredo and adds bacon--something that she finds herself craving from time to time--and also enjoys the pasta con broccoli.I have a couple of other random things I want to mention. Everyone seems to like the provel-topped salads that come with entrees (unless you get a soup). They're typically very big and apparently they have a great house Italian dressing. I'm not much into salads so I pass up on these. My girlfriend sometimes gets the Italian wedding soup instead, though. The lunch specials are decent but I'm never usually here for that. Still, you can typically order a 9" personal-sized pizza if you ask, even though it's not on the regular menu, and a 1-topping is about 5 bucks. Many of the sizes of pizzas come in rectangular pans except for the personal size and 20-inch, which are circular, and they're all square-cut except for the personal size. I'm not sure that last detail was at all worth mentioning but the details in my head are so vivid because I'm imagining their delicious pizza as I type this up, haha.I could go on and on about the menu but you shouldn't take it from me--go try it yourself! The service has always been attentive and friendly, but the food is really where it's at. The location is kinda old with plenty of pictures and homey decor, and always pretty well kept. If you can make it in to any of their "Express" locations, I recommend them as well, especially if you don't need or care for full service (and because they added tables for dining in). I can really only speak for the Zumbehl one but I imagine they're all the same. If you want a great St. Louis-style pizza or pasta and are in the area, please do yourself a favor and stop in!! I've never taken anyone here who hasn't liked it. Enjoy! :)
<review# 1708,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/6/2011,4/2/2012,15,47,,9,6>When it was time for me to purchase a bike, I chose a different store in Edwardsville. That shop has since closed, but the cyclery is still going strong and in its new-ish location. Despite my not purchasing from them, I've always gotten wonderful service.Just recently I had a terrible experience with a bike shop in the City which shall remain nameless. After having my bike tuned up there, my derailer came loose and my chain fell off while riding in traffic. Perturbed, I took my bike to the Cyclery. In five minutes they had identified the problem and fixed it - no charge. It turns out my derailer is a "reverse" one, whatever that means, and the other place had wired it wrong.I moved from the east side to south city last fall; but just like I'm keeping my auto mechanic in Edwardsville, I'm not going to take my bike anyplace else besides the Cyclery, ever ever again. I've learned my lesson. My safety is too important to do otherwise.
<review# 1709,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/1/2011,4/1/2012,37,93,3,5,3>I am only reviewing the bar/restaurant for the Cheshire, I didn't stay in any rooms so I can't comment on that.  The newly renovated hotel and bar/lounge/pool were REALLY nice.  Watch out for the old bear in the lobby.We came in on a cool fall evening to enjoy some appetizers and drinks and ended up staying for dinner!  We tried just about everything on the small menu.  The wings were excellent - big and juicy with very good seasoning and sauce.  The house frites came with an excellent aoili (I'm a sucker for a good aoili) and were fried to perfection.  For dinner, I had the pulled chicken sandwich - which als was a pleasant suprise.  I really liked the barbeque sauce they used.  They had a nice draft beer selection and the bar was really rustic feeling.We sat outside in the courtyard and even though no one else was there they were kind enough to get a nice little fire started in the firepit.  This is a great little Best Kept Secret, but I have a feeling it won't be for long.  Can't wait to go back and hang out in the bar and sip some scotch.
<review# 1710,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/21/2008,9/13/2008,155,179,3,2,2>Great Food, More Vodka than I've ever seen in my life....  There are many little things in my life that just bring a natural grin to my cheeks. Good food and good service are two of them. This place was aces on both. I had an amazing burger, some of the best onion rings I've ever had and gooey butter cake to top off the night. Everyone in the party enjoyed what they got and it was a perfect start to the night.
<review# 1711,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/16/2008,9/12/2008,384,258,2,3,4>Well, we went here for Father's Day Brunch and really loved it.There was a Bloody Mary bar and all sorts of Eggs Benedict.The food was wonderful and so was our service.....unfortunately this was THE VERY LAST DAY they were open!!!I couldn't believe it.....sooo sad too since now we really liked it.Hopefully they will reopen soon....who knows.
<review# 1712,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/18/2008,9/11/2008,7,115,2,2,2>I love it here. I can spend hours and hours surfing through corridors of beautiful paintings, sculptures and furniture. I love taking people with me that I can have a conversation with about the pieces or just quietly browse. I always go around by myself and once I got their audio set tour. It was a nice change. I tend to get a little lost.  And those lines around the rooms on the floor are there for a reason. Don't step over them. You'll get in trouble.
<review# 1713,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/16/2008,9/10/2008,80,266,5,5,5>The pan-fried corn, people. The pan-fried corn.
<review# 1714,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/31/2008,9/9/2008,19,181,5,2,2>My sisters, my parents, my sort-of boyfriend and I came here for dinner after a nice evening stroll in Tower Grove Park. We ran into a ton of dinner choices on this street, a kind of Berkeley or Santa Cruz-esque strip in the middle of St. Louis. There was an Afghan joint, I believe some Iraqi, the lovely Pho Grand, another Thai place. But ultimately we settled on Basil Spice. I got pad kee mao with pork, my sister got pad kee mao with chicken, and my dad got - you guessed it - pad kee mao with shrimp. We weren't that creative, but at least we picked a good dish. Our food showed up piping hot, fresh-tasting, and very spicy. I guess they are true to their name. I had to keep sipping water to make to make the faint burn go away - maybe I'm a pansy - but that's a good thing as far as I'm concerned. My other sister got something so spicy it caused her to remark, "I'm too white for this shit." Finally, the boy's creamy kang pa nang was delicious, with just the right amount of sweetness. I caught him licking the plate. We left with full hearts and tummies. The End.
<review# 1715,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/12/2008,9/8/2008,10,21,2,5,2>I'm not usually loaded enough to stay at the Ritz but, since it's St. Louis, this particular Ritz was affordable. I had heard it was a "Ritz Lite" so I was pretty surprised when I got there and everything was first class all the way. We were greeted every time we walked by a staff member. The bellman even remembered my name. The beds were heavenly. Even the rollaway we got for my stepson was plush. Highlights: We were there for a family event and when we discovered that nobody had made dinner reservations (for 20!) the event planner stepped in and pulled together a full catered meal in one of their banquet rooms, all with less than 8 hours notice. Amazing. Cocktails and food down in the sushi bar - also amazing. And served to us by the most professional, attentive waiter ever. The only negative experience we had was with the hostess at brunch. What a biotch. You know the blond lady in the boutique in Pretty Woman that snubs Julia Roberts when she walks in to buy a dress? The "I don't think we have anything for you here" lady? This was that lady. Except about 40 years older. She actually told my husband's neice to stop bouncing her baby. Gave her some lecture about how his little brain was still fragile. By the end of brunch, all of us wanted to slap her for one reason or another. So be warned, but don't stay away. This place is awesome. Especially for only $200 a night!
<review# 1716,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/15/2008,9/7/2008,3,36,2,3,2>I've been to roughly a dozen venues throughout the midwest and a couple more in TX since moving.  The Pageant is without doubt the best venue I've ever been to.  The sound is usually incredible but it depends on the band.  When I saw Muse here the sound was incredible and they somehow managed to turn up the volume on the last song.  When I saw Deftones here the sound wasn't nearly as good but then again I've heard that Deftones are generally pretty terrible at live performances.The fact that there is a bar on both levels is a plus.  And St. Louis natives can stop at the box office and get reserved seating (for the price of GA) on the balcony level with waitor/waitress service.  The rest of the seating is very limited and first come first serve.
<review# 1717,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/24/2008,9/6/2008,59,303,3,4,2>It's as if a clinically-diagnosed hoarder decided to open a bar. There's a ton of old, rusty license plates, and parts of doll heads littering the walls in their own creepy ornamental nature.It's PACKED on the weekends, so finding a table is the key to success, since I've found myself bumping in and around the crowd due to the cramped walkways. Other than that, Venice Cafe is beautiful. They often have a decent band playing on the main floor in the building, but if you want to simply grab a beer, I suggest going outside on busy nights.
<review# 1718,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/16/2008,9/5/2008,256,157,,4,2>Mr. Wizards is not "the other custard place". Their Wizard concrete is something that will probably win many awards in some frozen custard contest somewhere. It's absolutely amazing.     There was a slight line when I got there, but traffic moved fast, and the orders came out in less than a minute, and everybody was happy and laughing. It's a great atmosphere.    It's about 10 minutes closer to me than Ted Drew's, and I must say... I'll be coming to this place from now on. The prices are comparable, the quality is just as good, and the environment is relaxing and enjoyable to be in. We have a winner.
<review# 1719,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/21/2008,9/4/2008,196,203,3,8,4>Last weekend I went to an art show at Fort Gondo and noticed this place had popped up next door. I thought their mural on the building was so cute and a nod to the neighborhood. Tonight I decided to go back and try it out. My husband and I walked in the door at 9:02pm and noticed nobody was there. We asked when they closed, and they said 9pm but the owner insisted that we come on in. Even when we offered to get our food to go, she insisted it was no problem and we should stay and enjoy ourselves.The food came out fast (maybe because we were the only ones there, haha) and the owner and staff were very friendly. My tostada was a little soggy, so I probably wouldn't get that again. I LOVED the sauce on the beef enchilada, the taco was good. My husband enjoyed his burritos.The rice was delicious too, and I don't usually care for Mexican rice.This wasn't a deterrent for us, but it may be for others - they do not serve alcoholic drinks. So, no margaritas, boo! But then again they close at 9pm so it's not a place encouraging sticking it around while boozing it up.They have an adorable patio outside. We will definitely return.
<review# 1720,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/21/2014,7/23/2014,90,707,7,11,6>Holy freaking moly. This place is kind of amazing. And by "kind of," I mean REALLY FUCKING AMAZING. I came here for a Sunday brunch with a few friends. We were in the mood for some simple breakfast food -- pancakes, bacon, eggs -- you know the deal. As much as I love a fancy schmancy brunch, sometimes you just want the basics, you know? We arrived around 11am, and the place was PACKED. Apparently, we weren't the only ones with the bright idea to hit this place up. After an hour-long wait, we were finally seated. I was pretty hangry at this point, and had high hopes that the food would make up for the absurdly long wait. Well...it did. It definitely did. I went with hash browns, bacon, and pancakes, and the freshly squeezed orange juice was highly recommended, so I went with that, too! Oh, and coffee. Because yes. Everything was fantastic! The pancakes were soft and fluffy, the hashbrowns were crispy and hot, the bacon knocked my socks off, and the orange juice? Whatever $500 juicer they probably used to make this stuff needs to be in my house, PRONTO. The juice tasted like I was drinking from an orange with a straw. Words can't even describe! It was sweet and just amazing. I highly recommend this place. Just writing about it now is making me super hungry, and I sort of wish The Pancake House had evening hours so I could do the whole breakfast for dinner thing. Breakfast for dinner? Yes...I'm 12 years old.
<review# 1721,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/31/2014,7/22/2014,134,153,1,9,5>This is a hidden gem.  Owners are present and working which always gains my respect.   Huge following shows food is high quality and tasty.   Regulars seem to know each other.  Adorable awnings will alert you to it location tucked amongst homes along a quite street.  Piccadilly has indoor, outdoor, and covered patio seating.   They can accommodate large groups during off hours and do take reservations.  The fried spinach appetizer, warm spinach artichoke dip appetizer, short rib pot pie, and fried fish sandwiches are all favorites of ours.  I will try the Fried Chicken at some point, I have heard great things about it.  Good portion sizes, you will not leave hungry.
<review# 1722,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/4/2014,7/21/2014,12,169,9,7,7>I'm in love! After one bite of Vinnie's Italian Beef, angels were singing and harps were playing. I think I left my body for a minute or two. If I could legally marry a sandwich, this would be THE ONE!Do yourself a favor and try Vinnie's before it fully catches on. Because when it does, I don't think you'll be able to get near the place. It's that good!The Italian Beef sandwich was perfection - a heaping mound of thin, flavorful beef with cheese and some of the best giardiniera I've ever had in my life. You're gonna get messy...but it's so good, you're not gonna care!And don't get me started about the potatoes. Holy hell - they are everything I love. Fried potatoes, onion strings and parmesan cheese. Flavor out of this world!The place totally has character. No frills. All the guys that work there look like they stepped out of the Sopranos cast but are the nicest freaking people that you'll ever meet.God, I love this place!
<review# 1723,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/15/2014,7/20/2014,13,98,,9,5>Finally St. Louis is reaching a critical mass of vegan dining options.  There have always been places with vegan and vegetarian options but this is at least the second place I am aware of whose business philosophy is to provide a healthful, plant-based, quality dining experience.  I have been here a couple of times and the food has consistently been of the highest quality and well-prepared.  The last time I went I had the Tempeh Ruben and it was outstanding, it comes as a wrap with Sauerkraut and a vegan dressing, and is served with a small salad and chips.  I paired that with their restaurant-brewed beer which that week was an interesting Doppelbock/Lager meld.The atmosphere here is relaxed and positive and it is in a great location slightly off the main street activity in the DeMun area.  The owner has been there every time we have gone and takes time to talk with his customers.  Everything that is served has been sourced organically--a lot of effort has gone into creating a unique atmosphere for those who appreciate a healthful, plant-based dining environment.
<review# 1724,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/13/2014,7/19/2014,102,98,2,10,2>Beyond ZZZzzzz...Seriously, I was going to branch out and try new places but why fix it if it isn't broke.I tried to get a last minute appointment with Anna Ross but she was booked so I picked Brennan England. O m g. He is fantastic. I HIGHLY recommend him as a massage therapist especially if you are in need of work done for an unknown, or even known, injury. He looks at your body and really understands how to figure out where the problem is coming from. I was tight and knotted in places I would have never guessed but the tightness was pulling on other muscles and made me think the problem was in a completely different area. I have even been to physical therapy and chiropractors in the past. I can't say I'm 100%, yet, but I do feel much better and will continue to return to have target areas worked on.The space is still nice, relaxing, clean, and inviting. The music is your basic massage music and I'm considering asking if I can bring my own next time, lol. Also, they have yoga classes available but I haven't checked any out yet. They also have numerous add on for your massage as well as various packages.I will be back as often as needed and the cash flow allows.
<review# 1725,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/29/2014,7/18/2014,30,100,,6,4>I love Schlafly beer.I would be surprised if you couldn't find a beer you didn't like from Schlafly. They have a very large variety of their own brews, and I don't know if I've really ever had a bad one. I'm from Milwaukee so I'm not adding any St. Louis local brewery bias to my opinion.You can buy their bottled beer for pretty cheap in the merch section, where they also have some schlafly apparel...including their awesome looking bike jerseys. They also serve food and give tours of the facility, but I still have yet to try either of those. I usually just come here for the beer.For the bar, you're likely to find Schlafly beer on tap that isn't currently available in stores. They have bands play sometimes on the weekends and a large outdoor patio for hanging out. I also went to the repeal of prohibition beer festival, which was held in their parking lot, and a great way to spend an afternoon.I guess the only reason to dock this place a star is that in the cold months, like when it is REAAAALLY cold, the space indoors is small, so it gets very crowded, very quickly. If it's not too bad out, they do have heat lamps out on the patio, and I sat comfortably out there in late December.
<review# 1726,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/8/2014,7/17/2014,54,76,,8,3>This review is for catering I had the pleasure of experiencing last night. Our neighbor hosts fabulous live concerts at their house and this was probably for 50 people or so. The bacon wrapped stuffed shrimp were a huge hit. Not only were they huge but the flavor was amazing. I think they were stuffed with cream cheese and jalapeño... Just wow! I could not get enough of the glazed bacon!   Great flavor and not too hard. I also had the coleslaw and the corn bread and both were different than the typical BBQ restaurant. I tried a couple of meats and the root beer BBQ sauce which I really liked.  I did not think this place screamed a chain at all.  I've been to Q's in Chicago a few times which is probably my favorite of all time.  Wild Smoke is on the map of really good BBQ, and I really like the variety and their twist on something a little different. Everyone raved about the food last night! Especially for being so new, everything was cooked to perfection last night. I'm looking forward to bring the family in soon or ordering catering for our next event.
<review# 1727,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/13/2014,7/16/2014,90,156,4,8,3>I've written reviews for the other Fuzzy's in Webster as well.I really like this place a lot. I love that they use a crumbled feta cheese instead of that finely shredded silliness in other places. Butt-burning hot sauce is a winner!This place does not have as wide a drink selection as the other it seems. The photos on the wall did not match what they actually served the last time I went. So just ask before you get your heart set on something.Get the app, save your receipts, earn rewards by taking a picture and uploading it! Get a Coronarita. Their margarita mix for the frozen there is good!New, shiny, and clean. :)
<review# 1728,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/22/2014,7/15/2014,139,268,,8,5>If you want the best diner food in St. Louis, look no further. I am writing this in the warm after glow of my breakfast slinger. Eggs were cooked to perfection, covered in delicious chili served with the world's greatest hash browns. Spencer's can do no wrong. Atmosphere is 50's style yet clean and updated. Service is top notch. The waitresses were super friendly.Did I mention the hash browns? Seriously, they are perfection. Golden and crispy on the outside, moist in the inside. Two huge breakfasts & fresh coffee came in at twenty bucks!
<review# 1729,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/6/2014,7/14/2014,119,513,2,8,4>First impressions...I really love it, and I'm tempted to go to 5 stars, but I'll wait for a 2nd visit.Went for lunch and tried the blue crab mac and cheese for an appetizer (just right to split with another person while leaving room for the entree that came later).  It was light, creamy, and tasty!Then I had the pulled pork sandwich (see pics) with homemade chips.  Both were very good.  The sandwich was huge, and I was pleasantly full.The beef brisket looked super tender, and I was told it was very good.The big hit though ended up being the fried chicken (see pics).  For lunch, they had a special for a half chicken with creamed potatoes and green beans served in a big iron skillet.  Wow, it looked good!  Buttermilk (and maybe cornmeal) breading.  My friend loved it so much, he went back the next day and ordered it to go for dinner and loved every bite!  I can't wait to try it!
<review# 1730,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/18/2008,8/13/2008,77,438,1,3,1>Last time I went the penguin exhibit was around. I always love going here and can't tell you how many field trips I have been on to this place back in the day.  Of all the zoos I have been to this is #1 on my list.  Love checking out the tigers, lions, giraffesAnd as everyone has already mentioned, yes it is FREE
<review# 1731,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/29/2008,8/12/2008,34,90,14,8,7>Yeeeeeaaaaaaahhhhhhhhhhhhh. I have never been so excited to have a cab drop me off in a desolate industrial area in a town I am unfamiliar with. Pulling up to the nondescript, almost scary building, I knew we were in for a treat. We were in St Louis for  trade show and felt it would be just wrong to visit the city without having some local BBQ. Thanks to Yelp, we found Smokie O's. I had the rib tips with bqq baked beans and bbq spaghetti  (yes, I said bbq spaghetti and it was divine!) - holy mother of all things fabulously barbequelious!!!!!!! The boys had the ribs and I have never seen them so quiet and determined - as a mater of fact, everyone eating there was silent and was getting down to business with their ribs. This would be a five star review regardless of the service level, but the staff was incredibly friendly and made me feel even better about patronizing their establishment. HA! - My husband is in the shower at the hotel as I type this and his made up shower song of the day goes a little somethig like this "Ohhhh  Smokie Ooooooooos.....Oh Oh Oh Smokie Ooooooos"
<review# 1732,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/11/2008,8/11/2008,390,441,2,4,5>Walked in to Reggie's before going to see the Opera next door. This restaurant is next to the symphony orchestra building. Not many people were dining, it was around 6:30pm. We were greeted by a lovely hostess who offered us the choice of sitting at a table or the bar. We chose the bar because the bartender was cute.We all ordered gin and tonics. Perfectly prepared. We also ordered appetizers. Two plates of chicken drummers, one plate of baked brie, and one  plate of fried calamari. The chicken drummers were supposed to be a pound but, they didn't look so. Very tasty though. The baked brie came with crostini and carmelized onions. It was delicious. The fried calamari was perfect.We had a good mini--meal before going to the opera. Our bartender was pleasant and the service was great. A great place to stop for a quick bite before going to the symphony next door.
<review# 1733,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/2/2007,8/10/2008,66,30,1,4,3>If Stephy S. (proclaimed buffalo wing enthusiast) had any sense, she would find some time out of her busy Yelping schedule to visit St. Louis, specifically DB's down in Soulard.  When I fly home to St. Louis, a bowl of wings from DB's is one of the first meals I want.  OK, maybe second after mom's pork chops and potato salad.  The one thing I've noticed that really separates DB's wings from others is the amount of breading on the wing.  It's just perfect.  And the sauce? If you like REALLY hot wings, then this place isn't for you.  If you like a delicious combo of sweet and hot (I think they use a little mustard in the sauce) then these wings will knock your goddamn socks off.  Ladies- you might be a little turned off by the atmosphere.  It's definitely a sports bar, and the girls working there are probably on their last stop after getting fired from Hooters, but for the wings it's absolutely worth it.  If you have a guy who loves wings and baseball, I highly suggest going to DB's before (or after) a Cardinals game.  The kitchen is open til 2:30 am.  How can you beat that?
<review# 1734,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/18/2007,8/9/2008,35,318,3,9,6>Before you gasp that I am giving a chain five whole stars, hear me out.  The staff at this place absolutely rocks!  The have food for all day (breakfast, snacks and lunch and provide free wifi.  This alone earns them a few stars.  I was in town for 2 weeks for work and sometimes did not need to be at the offices I was visiting but still needed to get a lot of work done on my laptop.  This was close to the hotel so I checked it out.  Upon my first visit here, I already had a nickname.  The staff was genuinely happy and friendly and they made an excellent latte.  They didn't bother me even though I sat there all day working on my computer (for multiple days).  The breakfast souffles are pretty kick-ass and again, the staff here is the best.  I don't know what they are doing here to have hired such nice people, but they are doing something right.
<review# 1735,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/5/2008,8/8/2008,32,37,7,7,7>This place is a hole. A lovely, loveable hole that is FULL of cow paraphernalia. I mean, there are cows EVerywhere in this place and its tacky as hell. I love it. The food is cheap. I mean ridiculously cheap, and pretty damn good. They have an amazing pie selection too. I recommend their peach pie or the banana cream pie. Or a milkshake. And they have the most amazing chicken fried chicken with mashed potatoes and gravy you will ever find. More good news? This place is now non-smoking! Thank goodness, too, because its so tiny that there was virtually no such thing as a smoking section: if one person smoked, the whole place smoked.The food here is plain, old fashioned comfort food. It's no frills, but it is so good. The servings sizes aren't ridiculous, either. Meatloaf, mashed potatoes, country fried steak, really good burgers, green beans and lots of pie!It's cash or check only, but you probably won't need more than $15 for two people. They are closed on Monday and only open until 3 on Sundays. Also, please watch your language, The Happy Cow is chock full of senior citizens. At 27 and 26, my husband and I were the youngest in there by about 20 years.
<review# 1736,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/22/2008,8/7/2008,0,39,,3,3>I've been coming here for well over ten years, and I think I've only ever ordered one thing - the falafel. It's great, the second best in St. Louis (second to Kabob House in South City). This is a family operation, and the service is always excellent. Sometimes the wait can be long around lunchtime, but "long" in this case actually means five minutes as opposed to one.Anyway, five stars for Sam and his family at Al Tarbousch.
<review# 1737,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/16/2008,8/6/2008,32,344,1,5,3>Fast Eddie's is a treat to go to, a great place for a quick road trip away from the bustle of the city.  On riding over there I wasn't sure what to expect.  I was told that it was a biker bar, a dive bar, and other things, but the constant that of which I was told of the place was that the food is great and it is just a truly fun place to experience at least once. They were right.Now it isn't what I would call a dive bar and it didn't seem like a biker bar because all the family trusksters parked outside. It seemed almost as though it was what you'd see on an Apple Bee's or TGI Friday's commercial, though, the people at Fast Eddie's aren't walking around like they're brainwashed into a mindless smiley mess. The people at Fast Eddie's are truly happy.Fast Eddie's is crowded and loud, a great place to go for some cheap beer, food, and fun.  The cheapness does not take anything away from the taste either.  The food is tasty and quickly served up.Fast Eddie's is an enjoyable place to go where anyone can enjoy themselves.
<review# 1738,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/18/2008,8/5/2008,27,321,2,5,5>Driving down Olive, I Love Mr. Sushi is very easy to miss. Just another cubbyhole in a modern strip mall, you mustn't judge this book by its cover. Despite its humble surroundings, once you step inside the doors of I Love Mr. Sushi, you know you're in for a relaxed but tasty dining experience. It seems that the only thing serious about I Love Mr. Sushi is the sushi itself. And for laid-back mid-westerners who are sometimes daunted by new things, I Love Mr. Sushi has the perfect atmosphere to inspire a sometimes persnickety diner to try something new.And if its new things you would enjoy, you'll love the selection available at I Love Mr. Sushi. Sure the menu there includes the usual Japanese staples, but the rolls at I Love Mr. Sushi are truly innovative, both beautiful and delicious! Get a group of friends together and try a sushi/sashimi boat, perfect for sharing, but make sure you get a couple of rolls to share, too!
<review# 1739,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/5/2008,8/4/2008,35,62,3,13,6>Bob's Seafood is the only place in town to get actual fresh fish, shell fish, and some other..Fresh fish flown in daily is only the beginning to the wonders at Bob's. Delivering to over 180 restaurants daily, you  know they have to keep moving the stuff, so it is always fresh.The best part is that the retail truly benefits. Only top cuts, at the best prices. The quality of the fish is amazing. However consumer beware, the main boss "Barb" can be a little squirly, but she is the nicest person in town.The help knows everything they are talking about. The service here is taken to a another level. After purchase, they pack your fish in an ice bag, throw in a lemon, double bag it, and your out the door. Impressive!Also, if you are having a party, or just really need something, if you phone ahead not only will they tell you weather or not they have it in house, they will also set it aside for you to pick up later.
<review# 1740,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/25/2013,7/4/2013,15,56,4,7,5>THE place for Salsiccia in St. Louis. As someone who's tried them all, I can tell you that you won't find any better than at Volpi. The classic mild sausage is deliciously rich in fennel, while the spicy version is not really 'hot' so much as 'loaded with zip'. There are other varieties too, and since they make them right there, I try to stop in once a week to get them fresh.Every bite of Volpi meats is a sensation. Each time I visit, I have a list for my particular recipes, but I always go 'off-list'. The choices are endless: pepperoni, pancetta, rotola, coppa, salami, sopressata, prosciutto, cured meats of all variety, and so much more. Each one tastes more spectacular than another, and all at such reasonable prices!They also have a cheese case with some beautiful selections. I have yet to find a better price on Provel anywhere (unless you need a 5-pound box of it). Real Provel, not the packaged imitations you find in some groceries -- Those aren't the same. (You want Hoffman's original brand, not stuff whose main ingredients are part-skim milk and flavorings). And yes, if you freeze it for 20 minutes it's very easy to shred.Recently I purchased their recipe/history book. A great little read with some tasty ideas!They've been in business for well over 100 years and know well what they are doing. Everyone that works there is super-friendly (even during crazy holiday rushes) and makes me feel that they 'want' me as their customer ("A third of a pound of pepperoni? Sure, no problem!"). If I could give Volpi more than 5 stars, I would.You really should stop by to see (and taste) all that Volpi, a fantastic locally-owned family business, has to offer for yourself!
<review# 1741,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/1/2013,7/3/2013,95,111,1,6,3>Deep Fried Dive Bar with lots of personality. If you want to experience Dogtown, go to Pat's. Pat's was my first St. Louis pub experiences. It's one of my Dad's favorite places in the city for ice cold Budweiser. I remember going to ball games or to the zoo and then heading to Pat's afterward with my dad. Flash forward 20 years, I am now a citizen of St. Louis and I still love Pat's. I love the friendly waitresses, I love their incredibly small beer glasses, I love that everything down to your undergarments smell like fried chicken after going there, I just love it all. I heard a rumor that Pat's is not doing to well, if this is true, GO NOW. It would be heartbreaking to lose such a great little place in the city that is known just as much for the memories St. Louisians have had there as for its great pub grub.
<review# 1742,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/7/2013,7/2/2013,58,205,2,10,8>There are businesses that you just want to see make it and this is one of them.Food and snack stops just off of the Park haven't had a good few years. Caitlin's Green-Eyed Grill to the west and Veolcity to the north both seemed poised to cater well to the spring/summer crowds, but neither had the social capital that Harrison's engenders after a single visit....and the flavored popcorn is absolutely first-rate.Notes:1) The shop is a walk-up so, unfortunately, there's not much ambiance (...aside from the infectious smell that wafts out to the sidewalk. Butter, caramel, and warm sugar aromas mix and dance intermittently in the air; the wait on a nice spring day is a simple joy unto itself for this reason alone).2) The popcorn is popped on site. If the blinds are up, there's a good chance that you'll see the popper at work in the front window, making it one of a handful of places kids can safely see "the biz" of treat making at work in St. Louis. (As if you'd expect anything less, it's also nice to be able to see how clean the kitchen is).3) Ask nicely and samples of the current flavors are available. As of yesterday, the menu included a Cardinal Red Cinnamon (a bright red treat, coated in a spicy-sweet confection reminiscent of Hot Tamale candies), Butter Toffee Pecan (another rich, candy-style coating with deep toffee notes and crushed pecan pieces; the must-try), Jalapeno Cheddar (more akin to a nacho cheese flavor than an overly hot one; a should-try) and the classic Chicago/Loop Trolley Mix (caramel + cheddar)... among others.To get an idea of which flavors might be available, visit Harrison's website. There's some seasonality and whim to this, so it's probably best to get in touch with them if a particular flavor is needed.4) Tins are available year 'round, but you're advised to ask if you want to order one during the summer.5) Per Harrison himself, the snack will stay fresh for a few days, easily, if kept in its plastic bag and in normal conditions. You'll probably want to eat it right away, but it's nice to know just in case you're thinking about rationing...6) In addition to the popcorn, bottles of soda, gum and a few candy bars are also available.7) For those wondering, "yes: Harrison's is planning to be open for Twilight Tuesdays".
<review# 1743,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/1/2013,7/1/2013,122,63,4,10,6>I absolutely love this place! If you are looking for a quality salon in the O'Fallon area you have to check out Julius Monroe. I arrived a little early for my appointment and was offered a drink and sat in the waiting area for a bit. The stylists were all so friendly and the owner offered to give me a tour. The place is absolutely beautiful. I was just there to get my hair done, but as soon as I saw the spa part I knew I'd have to come back to try it out. I talked with my stylist, Casey, for awhile about the look I was going for and gave her the freedom to try out some new stuff on me. I felt like she "got" what I was looking for, which doesn't always happen with stylists. The color went on quick and I had a great time chatting with some of the stylists while it set. They even give hand massages while your color sets! The rinse/cut/style part went great and she gave me great feedback about what would work and look good with my hair type. It came out beautifully! I couldn't be more pleased with how it turned out and I will certainly be going back!
<review# 1744,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/17/2013,6/30/2013,90,195,4,8,5>This place is  small, cramped, and busy as hell....not usually how someone starts a positive review of a business, right? Well, that's the beauty of Whole Foods...it has so many positive traits, the negatives seem insignificant when it's all said & done. I'm big on fresh meat as opposed to the pre-packed stuff I'll find from closer local chains, and the knowledgeable staff make this a must-do when it's time for me to grocery shop. Whole Foods has an excellent selection of beef, pork, bison, chicken, turkey and lamb....and I've been there often enough to buy a little of everything. Recently discovered favorite? Their spicy Italian chicken sausage! The produce selection is commendable, with an assortment that you really won't find elsewhere....fingerling potatoes, meyer lemons, golden beats, baby bok choy, pomegranates, etc.Oh...and how the hell could I forget the gelato? Dammit, that's good stuff! Cookies & Cream, Pumpkin Spice, Lavender, freakin' chocolate chocolate fudge or whatever....heavenly. If you haven't started driving here yet, stop reading, start going!
<review# 1745,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/10/2013,6/29/2013,179,105,3,6,5>Did you know you get unlimited refills of the breakfast potatoes at First Watch?!?  Neither did I until today and I've been coming here for a while!  That's one of the many small touches today that caused me to come back & change my 4 star review to a 5...and it was all because of my server, E.B. (Yep, that's her name.)I still recommend the "Lean Machine" breakfast - it's my favorite: single turkey patty, tomato slices, english muffin, and 2 cholesterol-free, fat free eggs (I "cheat" and get 2 poached real eggs and add a side of avocado).  Stack everything for the perfect breakfast or lunch!E.B. left a pitcher of lemoned water and carafe of earthy coffee with us (standard First Watch etiquitte), and then convinced us that, in addition to our Lean Machine & Bacado Omelette (Bacon, Avocado, & Montery Jack cheese) entrees we should split the Floridian French Toast we were both eyeing (French toast dusted with cinnamon sugar and wheat germ, and then topped with kiwi, bananas, and strawberries with warm fruit compote on the side).  You should basically trust any suggestions this girl has.  I'll be back (now regularly ordering 2 entrees) and will hopefully never have another server.
<review# 1746,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/18/2013,6/28/2013,76,328,2,6,5>Wow.  We got a lot more than we expected from our first trip to Babbo's!  My husband and I ventured out on a quick Thursday date night, and since my husband was congested and unable to taste, we didn't want to go anywhere too expensive or on our list of must-try restaurants.  We decided to head to the Valley, since we live nearby and I wasn't feeling any cuisine in particular.  Babbo's caught my eye as we scoped out the selection, because a friend of mine had mentioned going a few times.  If they've gone back, it can't be terrible, right?  Right!The feel is trendy Italian - glass bottles of water at the table and open ceiling with black painted ducts paired with embroidered drapery, wood tables, and candlelight.  When you first walk in, there's a spread of wine bottles and glasses to greet you.  I found later, that's the wait station.  Pretty cool vibe.We quickly were given bread and dipping oil that were fresh and delicious.  I was surprised to get "plain" oil with no parmesan or red pepper to dress it up like you'd find elsewhere, but we didn't miss it.  And the bread was soft and fresh - yum!  We politely declined another serving lest I go on too much of a carbo-load.Our server was terse but helpful.  She's was happy to offer me a taste of two different wines when I was deciding on my glass, which was greatly appreciated.  I suggest the Pinot Grigio over the house white.  Same price, FYI.For dinner, my husband ordered the lasagna, because we saw the HUGE slabs on our way in and were curious, and a del Pietro salad.  I ordered two specials - an apple salad and the veal piccata.  The del Pietro was a standard Italian style house salad.  I didn't think it was overdressed at all, as a previous review stated.  Perhaps they've taken comments to heart.  I actually noted how well dressed I thought it was.  I was a nice departure from the overly saturated salads I've come accustomed to in other Italian eateries.  My husband's lasagna was more impressive in size than taste.  I do have to admit my mom's lasagna is hard to compete with though.  It was still good.  I wouldn't tell someone to avoid it.My meal certainly stole the crown for best picked though!  The apple salad was AWESOME!  I was tempted to ordered another with dressing on the side to go for lunch today.  Arugula with Gorgonzola, dried cherries, red onion, almonds, and a balsamic vinaigrette.  Seriously - they need to put this on the menu.  I'd come in all the time just for the salad.  I'm salivating just thinking about it...even after just having ate lunch.  The veal piccata was also excellent.  The garlic sauce was very well balanced, mixing harmoniously with lemon and capers.  I'd definitely order it again.Portions are healthy in size (even the salads), and the price is fantastic, especially with consideration for the aforementioned portions.  My husband and I walked away with two salads, two entrees, a glass of wine, iced tea, and the complimentary bread service for $60 with tax and 20% tip - not bad at all!  We were very pleased with our experience (well...I'm sure my husband would say so with a working nose...) and if you had covered the windows and plopped me down there, I never would have thought I was out at some spot in the Valley.  We will certainly be back when my husband gets to feeling better!
<review# 1747,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/18/2013,6/27/2013,119,513,,6,4>Manicures & Pedicures by Hope Lawyer - so much better than the large, hurry-you-through-and-get-you-out, nail salons!Hope delivered a relaxing and professional mani/pedi in a clean and laid-back atmosphere.  I came out of there with THE best-looking manicure and pedicure I have had in years!  She didn't rush through it, but she also wasn't slow.  In the large nail salons, I have been hurt by nail technicians that filed too close to my skin, that made my cuticles bleed or cut me when they pumiced/shaved the heels, or bruised me with their "massage."The pedicure felt relaxing, and I loved the sugar scrub that was easy on my sensitive skin.  While my toes dried, she did the manicure, and before she started the point, she had me take care of the bill, tucked my shoes into my bag for me (since I had switched into slipper), and had me get my coat on and keys out.  The manicure dried quickly with a flawless shine.All for only $25, too!  I imagine her prices may change seasonally, but if I'm getting the extra care, attention, quality, and relaxation for less or the same price as the big nail salon, I will come to Hope every time!The only downside is if you wanted to get a mani/pedi with your friend.  There is only one pedicure throne, so you'd have to take turns.  The throne also only had vibration, which wasn't the strongest, and I'll admit I'm a little spoiled by the shiatsu chairs.
<review# 1748,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/29/2013,6/26/2013,224,225,,7,6>I managed to take my mom with me to this charming restaurant off of Manchester Rd. right across from the LGBT community center. I have heard a ton of reviews about this place, especially since the restaurant has its own TV show on the OWN network. It was mother's day and the place was packed, I mean rock solid packed. We had to wait in line for quite a bit, for more than 2 hours, and we were worried if the place would close or run out of food, thankfully, neither happened to us.When we were in line, we noticed the waiters dancing and singing to the customers! They were filming the show that day! How amazing just to see a live taping in action! So many people were very friendly too in line and we had some amazing conversations. One lady is a constant regular to the restaurant knowing the owner personally. When we managed to get in front of the line, we both ordered pork chops, mac & cheese, mashed potatoes, I had a pear cobbler while my mom had a peach cobbler. We both chose sweet tea for the drinks. This has to meet the definition of soul food because bite after bite and sip after sip, I was praying to the baby Jesus. This place had the best mac & cheese I have ever eaten from a restaurant. The only negatives I experienced was that I wasn't allowed to add a tip onto my debit card when I made the purchase so I can tip the waitress. Nor when I used to bathroom, there were no paper towels. But to hell with the paper towels: I was there for the food!
<review# 1749,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/1/2013,6/25/2013,69,117,6,14,6>This was my single favorite night of dining I have ever had. Going into the evening I had no idea what to expect, I was hesitant to get too excited about the night fearing I would just end up disappointed but this was a completely unfounded fear. J and I arrived at Meyers Grove about 45 minutes early, grabbed our drinks and headed inside. Luckily there was a table right up front that was still empty so we got some prime seating. The evening started out with Chef Liz and her two sidekicks explaining what we should expect for the evening and they were incredibly funny. The movie playing that evening was "Big Night" so we had a nice Italian themed menu with reinventions of some classic dishes. There were five courses and each course came with a hand crafted cocktail. I'm pretty sure they were trying to get us drunk because man those cocktails were strong. Delicious but strong. Before each course Chef Liz would pause the movie briefly to explain the purpose behind her next dish and how it related to the movie and everything complimented the movie perfectly. We had an amazing shrimp risotto in a sweet onion bowl, some homemade pasta, a delicious take on Caresse salad and so much more. The best was the names they gave to each course, taken straight from the movie like "Bite your teeth into the Ass of Life" and "No! Sh is a Phillistine....Beech!" As we were leaving we were given little boxes of homemade Italian cookies. I left the evening full, a little tipsy and in desperate need of my stretchy pants. Definitely worth the price of the tickets.
<review# 1750,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/24/2010,2/1/2011,154,611,6,13,5>What do you do when it's Christmas Eve and the cops show up your doorstep because a Grinch has called them to complain that your car is parked in front of his humble abode? No mind that you had no choice but to leave it there because you spun out and hit a curb, screwing up the axle on your wheel and can't drive it anywhere, and nowhere is open. Scrooge is having a holiday gathering and wants it gone! Unfortunately it's a private street, which means you have to move it! The friendly officer, who thought the whole thing was silly but was just doing her job, recommended Terry's Towing. We called and they were very nice and helpful and gave us the quote right over the phone. Told us they'd be there in 30 minutes. They were right on time, and got the car up on the flatbed in no time. They even drove the car all the way to Ballwin and left the keys in the dropbox of my dealer without us having to follow and fill anything out in this weather. Score! The friendliness and speediness of this towing company will make me use them again the next time some a hole calls the cops on me on Christmas!
<review# 1751,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/2/2010,1/31/2011,76,328,7,9,6>Mr. Harry's is freaking awesome!!!!  I'm, literally, eating one of his Sno Cones right now, and it's delicious (and inexpensive!).I've been intrigued/confused by Mr. Harry's Carnival Foods ever since I saw it opened right near my house.  "I guess that'll come in handy next time I have a hankering for funnel cake...? WTF...."Then I saw John D.'s review.  Darn.  He beat me to a first to review.  Alas, he spoke of excellent Sno Cones.  I like Sno Cones.Finally, tonight, after teaching at a local marching band's rehearsal, I stopped to get two Sno Cones to go - Watermelon and Tiger's Blood.  Awesome!  The owner also gave me a sample of his favorite mix - Big Red.  Strawberry Cream Soda or Strawberry Shortcake flavor.  Yum!  They also do something (can't remember the name) where you get a scoop of ice cream with a Sno Cone on top.  You KNOW I'm gonna get me some vanilla ice cream with an orange Sno Cone!Aside from awesome Sno Cones, the owner was super friendly and excited about what he does.  I mentioned that I was coming from the aforementioned band practice.  He conversationally asked how many were in the band and gave me 200 certificates for free Sno Cones!  Awesome!  He's just excited to get people in the door and excited about his products.  I'm doing my part with bribing children and you, fellow Yelpers.  Go get some Carnival Foods!And yes, they have "real" food too - hot dogs, sandwiches, etc.
<review# 1752,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/10/2010,1/30/2011,140,254,3,7,4>The boyfriend and I continue to make good use of Hot Sauce and Groupon opportunities. We had a $20+ certificate for Vito's, and boy did we use it.First, I'd like to give a huge BRAVO to Vito's for having a non-Flash, non-PDF menu on their website, and I SWEAR, this makes my return dinner visit inevitable. Other restaurants should take note.I've been eating at Vito's for years, since it's just a few blocks from work. Unlimited pizza buffet? Plenty of cheese and veggie pizzas? Less than $10? AND REAL CHEESE (not provel)? Hells to the yes. But I don't often stick around for dinner. That changed one night before we saw a flick at the Moolah.We parked our duffs on the patio on a breezy night and started with the spinach and artichoke dip. Wow, was this good! The flavor of the artichokes was way more prominent than the spinach, which I like, yet it didn't overpower. The dip was very creamy, and the portion was huge. We had a humungazoid plate of delicious parmesan chips, and we quite nearly couldn't touch our dinner when it arrived because we were so full.For dinner, we split a wild mushroom pizza on wheat crust. There were three kinds of mushrooms on this, all of them pretty mellow and nutty. It was nice to see actual mushrooms instead of those squishy things that come out of jars and cans, like you see at other pizza places. The crust was fantastic -- I could eat that alone! And the sauce at Vito's is ever-so-slightly sweeter than at other Italian restaurants. I love that it actually tastes like tomatoes.Did I mention that they use real mozzerella instead of that weird provel stuff? It's really important, and it's why I keep shoving money into Vito's pocket.We sat outside that night, but the inside is nice too. The colors are warm and the booths are cozy. The layout of the buffet is a little weird (bread is in a wall indentation far away from the pizza, which comes before the salad, which comes before the soup), but that doesn't really matter.Besides pizza, Vito's also has traditional pasta or meat dishes. I've had several pastas, and all of them came in HUGE portions - enough for leftovers for two days.They also have a gelato case, but I have yet to sample any. I KNOW! *shock*Best part? Inside now is smokefree!!!! LOVE IT!Vito's has a tiny lot beside the restaurant, but there are meters everywhere. Several buses also drive right past it. It's a great place for a meal  before an event at the symphony, the Fox or Chaifetz Arena.
<review# 1753,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/25/2010,1/29/2011,275,429,6,10,11>Love love love love love love LOVE!Why, oh why has it taken me so long to get to Brasserie?  I don't know, but I *do* know that I'll be back as soon as I can score more free babysitting from Grandma.Justin and I headed to Brasserie last night to celebrate our 5 year wedding anniversary.  It's not the fanciest restaurant in town, but that's pretty perfect for us.  Brasserie manages to be comfortable, convivial and unpretentious while being stylish and indulgent at the same time--qualities that really define a perfect brasserie.  The place was filled with regulars who were welcomed by staff as though they were old friends, another excellent sign of a restaurant's quality and consistency.  I hope to be one of those regulars in short order.I better start a new exercise regimen.The food, glorious food!  Savory gougeres, garlicky escargot, a frisee salad I could eat at every single meal of my life (unless I'm offered a similar salad from Blackbird, which is still one of the highest dining points of my 30 years)--all were delicious and left me eager for the next course.  What wonderful things would come next?  Outstanding, tender braised short ribs that melted in my mouth.  Potato mash so buttery and rich and flavorful, Justin all but abandoned his pomme frites to steal forkfuls, to the point that I actually got panicky I wouldn't have enough to satisfy my own taste for the dish.  A perfectly cooked steak with perfectly delicious fries (although, apparently, our twosome preferred the mash, as we practically licked the plate clean).  Tarte tatin with creme fraiche and a fig clafouti with spiced ice cream and and and I'm having a foodgasm just thinking about all the deliciousness at Brasserie.Whew.It was good for me.
<review# 1754,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/27/2010,1/28/2011,220,464,1,15,4>This place amazes me.18? shooting lanes of heated, air conditioned and air filtered paradise for any gun lover.  I have fired off rounds and the smoke just dissappears.  This is the best range in the midwest.I can shoot what I brought or rent out another gun.  I can even shoot rifles in this place.This is also a retail store with more new toys than I could imagine.  Just the selection of just flashlights is shocking.  I saw a $350 flashlight!  I was entertained just shopping.They also have classes for concealed carry permits from multiple states (there are advantages to having one from another state).If you are interested at all in guns, a trip to Top Gun is worth it.They have hit the bullseye when they built the new location.
<review# 1755,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/6/2010,1/27/2011,100,105,6,10,8>Mmmm....turkey.  Wait!  Where the hell's the turkey???OK.  I kid.Aya Sofia is one of those restaurants that I always feel like I'm rediscovering.  (In a good way)Service--professional without being standoffishGluten free request--handled very well-the chef came out to the table to assure us that everything would be safeParking--they might be making a silent statement about rampant oil consumption in the U.S.--be prepared to do some street parking folks cause you probably ain't gonna score a parking spot hereAtmosphere--romantic and lush without being cheesy and over the topPre Dinner Cocktail--Meh...I wasn't that impressed with my drink or the one Jordan got--definitely not a deal breaker thoughFood--color me impressed--every single thing that came to that table was excellent and prepared perfectly--on our last visit we had humus with veggies, karides sis kebab (shrimp that practically sings it's so damn good), fall off the freaking bone lamb shank, and steak that rivals some of the best I've had in St. LouisAya Sofia rocks.
<review# 1756,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/27/2010,1/26/2011,65,153,8,6,6>Hmmm?  What was that?  You ask what would happen if Wal-Mart and a Chinese buffet got together and had a baby?  Oh, well then you would have the Ryce Oriental Buffet.This place is gigantic!Okay, the Ryce Oriental Buffet isn't trying to fool anyone.  They are very upfront with what they are peddling.  They have a very large selection of your standard Chinese buffet foods.  If you've had it at a buffet at one time, they probably have it here.  They also have some American food like pizza, wings, and fries if that's what you want.They also have a stir-fry station, sushi, and Dim Sum.  But to be honest, the sushi ain't great.This is a great place to bring a bunch of coworkers or buddies on a Friday when you know the rest of the day is shot to hell.  Throw out any illusions of eating healthy here, and loosen your belt because the Ryce Oriental Buffet is where you go to feel bad about yourself later.And that is just awesome.
<review# 1757,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/5/2010,1/25/2011,193,50,,6,5>If you have never had soul food then this is the best place to become acquinted.Atmosphere:Comfortable is a good way to describe this place. If you're not quite sure how do get around people are always willing to help out point you the right direction. It's usually kinda loud but never overwhelming. Friendly and welcomed are great ways to describe Sweetie Pie's.And it's non smoking in there from what I've seen. Food/Drink:Yams, Mac and Cheese, Greens, Fried Chicken, black eyed peas. I could go on and on about the food. My fellow Yelp'ers have gone into deeper detail on the menu. I would say if you're on a diet then don't go here!! Drinks are your standard fare of sodas, juice and water.Cost:For the amount of food you'll get here it's a pretty good deal. The portions are huge. I don't think I've finished a plate during any of my visits.Overall:One of the best restaurants in St. Louis easily. There are few places in St. Louis that cause my mouth to water when mentioned. If you've never gone then make it a point to go.
<review# 1758,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/20/2010,1/24/2011,144,93,5,8,6>Call me a brute, an animal, a barbarian, whatever you must, but sometimes... Okay, a LOT of times, I get this feeling that I just need to chew on some good meat. I think that this has always been the draw for me to a nice slab of ribs. With ribs, not only do I get to eat meat, I get to eat it right off the bone (this is where Tim "The Toolman" Taylor's man-grunt would fit perfectly). With that being said, I'm a pretty tough critic when it comes to ribs. I've been to Pappy's four or five times since I made the move to St. Louis a half-year ago. I recently took a visitor who shared my affinity for good meat and of course, we got the ribs. They have been excellent every single time. Let me describe it for you just a little bit. The ribs are dry-rubbed with seasoning, and it is simply an awesome flavor that you can taste in every piece of meat you tear away from the bone. It looks like it might be dry from the first glance, but after the first bite, you realize how tender the meat is. Really you could eat the ribs without any sauce, but I prefer to eat it with the Pappy's sweet sauce. Some of my friends prefer the Original and the Hot sauce, but me, I like my ribs sweet.To top it all off, you may go in for meat and find how surprisingly tasty their sides are. Granted, everything that should be healthy probably isn't anymore (DEEP-FRIED corn on the cob), the selection is quite tasty. The sweet potato fries and potato salad are my usual choice, but I've also tried their baked beans and coleslaw as well. Nothing has disappointed thus far. This is a place in St. Louis that I would recommend to just about anybody. If you're a vegetarian, I apologize... I really wish you could experience what meat-lovers experience when they walk through the doors of Pappy's.
<review# 1759,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/1/2010,1/23/2011,129,181,4,8,7>Davide is doing a fantastic job with this place.  There really seems to be something for everyone:Tonight we attended the spring art opening, which included a fun bluegrass/ garage-stompin' good time of a band downstairs, art and a fashion show on the second floor.  I loved the diversity of the crowd.  I looked around me and saw middle aged folk, young urban fashionistas in nerd glasses, artists, Dj's, hipsters, neo-hippie types, bicycle gangs.  It was great.  I've always been into mingling with many different peoples, and Art Dimensions really brought everybody together.  The low-key and complete absence of pretension really makes Art Dimensions accessible for anyone.
<review# 1760,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/4/2007,10/25/2008,50,410,2,5,2>This was one of the first time since I've moved here that I have been totally fulfilled by a dining experience.  It was all just really really good, and very authentic.I love how when we arrived, the first white people to arrive, we were eyed suspiciously.  I could almost hear the Chinese equivalent of "gringo" running through their heads.  When the cart rolled around, we were served safe chicken and pork and beef dishes, until the waitress unveiled my favorite, the chicken feet, and said we probably wouldn't like it.  Once we told her we loved it, all bets were off.  Tripe, shark fin dumpling, stuff brought out from the back, it was all good.  Not only that, but the service was excellent and the waiters and waitresses were so nice.  They even offered to give us more tea after we had paid the bill and were just chatting.  Although they were fairly empty, it was still a nice gesture.  To finish off our meal, they asked if we wanted anything else, like dessert.  At the request of egg custards, we were served 3 small perfectly portioned egg custards, still hot from the oven.  Perfectly crispy outside, custardy, creamy inside.  Because there were only 2 of us, the bill was a little high.  I fully believe you need to try a lot to have the dum sum experience.  I think the same amount of food would have satisfied 3 or 4 diners.  However, the staff was great about wrapping almost half our food up for us!We stopped by the bakery next door for some take home treats.  It looked great, and like a perfect quick take out place.  Roast ducks were hanging from hooks, and the service was the perfect amount of Chinese gruff. We will definitely be back!edit: came here for dinner. Everything was made fresh and delicious.  Roasted jellyfish was surprisingly delicious.  Really, really delicious and complex.  The pickled veggies underneath were top notch.  Roasted duck, and the seafood suggestion (I have no idea what it was, but just ask them to make a non-american suggestion) and some plain old American beef in garlic sauce was great.  The buns and egg custard tarts we brought home from the bakery were a great dessert, too.
<review# 1761,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,1/19/2008,10/24/2008,666,259,3,2,2>So I'm in St. Louis for a seminar and I'm trying to find something to eat. Wanted to find a rib place, but nothing was conveinent. Iron Barley looked like a good place so we decided to try it. Service was a bit slow, but everyone was real friendly. The waiter looked like he had a fun time reciting about seven of the specials for the day which was pretty impressive. The Barley Beef Soup was hearty like chili with chunks of beef, but kept the soup's typical savory flavor. I can't say much for the NY Strip though, it didn't have an adequate sear. I definitely found what I was looking for, a local restaurant that was unique to the city. But sorry to be a buzz kill and ruin a five star rating, you gotta sear a guy's steak right. I'd take another star off for it being asscheek clenching cold, but that's my problem. Californians don't work well in 15 degree weather.
<review# 1762,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/3/2008,10/23/2008,35,109,1,4,3>Short review for the impatient: Fresh food and many margaritas!Longer review...Beso conveniently opened for the downtown living tour, and to thank them for their effort we made a point to stop by during lunch on Saturday. Just inside, a well-stocked bar occupies the first third of the narrow restaurant, and further in Beso holds a surprising amount of booths and tables for a quieter meal. If it's nice out, they've got tables outside as well.Chips, salsa, and water were promptly delivered after sitting at an interior table, and the speciality drink menu is worth browsing for their many margarita options. The medium house margarita was of adequate size and smooth, but I'll probably step up to something richer next time.Entrees include your standard Mexican fare, and are moderately priced between 6 and 12 bucks for lunch, making it another good option for a midday escape from work. The food is fresh and tasty, but not particularly exciting. However, it *is* nice to have new place on Washington Ave that isn't too focused on trendy over practical.
<review# 1763,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/24/2008,10/22/2008,0,28,2,2,2>I love this place! There is just so much to do here! Although sliding down those slides has to be my favorite. I could spend hours here and not get bored for a second. I miss it now that I live in Chicago.Oh and all the boys I have kissed inside the Beatnik Bob's photo booth when I was in high school...
<review# 1764,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/13/2008,10/21/2008,32,37,5,4,4>Not only was this place open later on a Friday, which for some reason surprised me, I then had the most amazing cupcake from here. I couldn't decide between the mocha cappuccino cupcake and the gold rush, so I got the peanut butter cup one. Dark chocolate cake with peanut butter buttercream icing and crushed peanut butter cups on top. When I took it out of the box, I was surprised to find it weighed as much as a small rock, but then I ate it and was surprised to find that it was the most delicious and moist cupcake I've ever had!! My husband got an oatmeal cookie sandwich with a layer of buttercream in between the cookies. Also amazing.In the end, I ate the whole cupcake with a big glass of milk and fell asleep immediately. It was awesome.
<review# 1765,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/6/2008,10/20/2008,0,39,2,3,3>In the days between when people cared about LPs, as Vintage Vinyl's selection of their namesake dwindled to a few bins of questionable selections (multiple copies of the latest Korn and Limp Bizkit on LP), this was the only place in town worth visiting on a record hunt.I thought that nothing would compare to the old Euclid Records Vinyl Shack, but they did a pretty noble service by moving and expanding their selection even further. Their already incredible jazz selection got even better as they have began stocking still more rare and interesting repressings. Euclid also caught wind of the ever-increasing number of "indie rock" record buyers, which seems to now be their specialty, as they always have multiple pressings of every hip new record.I've stopped buying vinyl forever now, but if you haven't and you're not looking to dig through 500,000 unorganized albums (Record Exchange), then this should be your first stop on any record-buying adventure.If you still buy CDs, then god bless your heart.
<review# 1766,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/14/2008,10/19/2008,6,49,1,5,3>While I'm not a fan of Edmounds becoming a Cub, his restaurant has vastly improved since my first visit.I was able to eat dinner here while I was home over Fourth of July weekend. I understand a new head chef started since I had lunch there over Christmas. While lunch last Christmas was good, it was nothing special. The food tasted good, but there was nothing innovative or exciting to make me want to go back.The new chef if playing with a whole different set of cards. While a lot of the menu stays true to the "steak and potato" vibe, he invigorates it with new and interesting sides and appetizers.We started the night with two appetizers: The braised pork belly and the goat cheese fried green tomato. When they came out they looked great and I was impressed with the flavor of both. They were so good we ordered another round.I also had the watermelon gazpacho. It was extremely good. The watermelon added an interesting twist I hadn't had before. I had a few bites of the heirloom tomato salad. I say skip it - there are so many better things on the menu, it isn't a stand out. The filet and roasted chicken also got rave reviews around the table. I got to try a bite of the filet mingon with goat cheese fondue - outstanding! Living out here on the east coast really makes me miss a good cut of midwestern beef! The sides were great. We had the mac & cheese with bacon, creamless creamed corn and the special - blue cheese potatoes gratin. The potatoes were my favorite and I plan to experiment with that on my own at home.Since this dinner, F15teen will be my new number one request when the fam picks me up from the airport!
<review# 1767,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/16/2008,10/18/2008,35,62,4,4,6>I'm a St. Louis native, and AB has been in my backyard my whole life, and I am embarrassed to say that I never took the tour before. I am not a beer connoisseur, but drink enough of the stuff to be interested in the process. So a friend and I went to the brewery, and checked out the entire process.The tour took you as close to the actual brewery as possible. Only a glass window separates you from endless gallons of the sweet nectars made by AB. The tour basically takes you through the entire plant, and the tour guide explains what is happening at each step.The best part is 2 free beers, right out of the brewery. Probably the best beer I have ever had. So fresh, light, cold, and good.
<review# 1768,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/10/2008,10/17/2008,65,65,11,8,6>So I got on Yelp™ tonight, PUMPED about unveiling the secret of the STL Chess Club, only to find that it was just reviewed (Damn you Nowell!). Now, I look over every review that comes through this one-horse town that is STL Yelp™, and I didn't even remember Nowell's review. That's not saying anything bad about the review, its saying something about how people perceive chess. THIS PLACE IS REDONKULOUS. I've lived here for a few years now, and I can honestly say that this is the first thing that's ever really impressed the shit out of me. Arch? Eh. Botanical Garden? Its nice, but I've seen botanical gardens before. Even my girlfriend, who doesn't care/know how to play chess, loved it. You can even go next door to Brennan's, get some booze, and kick it outside and play chess like some bad ass drunk Bobby Fischer. Nowell's review covered pretty much everything that I would say, so go read that. All I know is that this place is amazing. When I was given a tour of the place, I asked the guy how the place was funded, and he responded with "its [I forget his name], who lives in Chicago but grew up in St. Louis; he's a billionaire, obviously."Word.Oh, and for those keeping score at home, this is the only five star review I've given on this biotch.
<review# 1769,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/21/2008,10/16/2008,24,121,2,2,2>I'm a second generation Carl's customer. I remember walking to Carl's when I was a kid and ordering cold root beer floats and crispy cheeseburgers. Well, not much has changed. I went to Carl's for lunch today and ordered the usual: a large root beer float will vanilla ice cream, a double cheeseburger with mayo, lettuce, and tomatoes, and a small order of fries. It runs me just shy of $10, but it is BY FAR the best $10 I can spend to clog my arteries. The meat is crispy, the float is ice cold, and my stomach is in heaven.The seating (about 16 seats) surrounds the middle kitchen area. They cook your order right in front of you. The staff is hit or miss in their friendliness, but today they were really nice. I timed the food (because I'm like that) from order to eating and it took approximately 7 minutes for everything. Wow, I know. Expect to bring cash because they do not take debit/credit cards. They do have an ATM however.
<review# 1770,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/27/2013,8/13/2013,10,36,7,11,7>There is nothing like a fresh donut (or 4) with some hot coffee on a lazy weekend morning. I have taken the past three weeks to find my ultimate donut spot. I'm going through a phase, don't judge me! This was actually my 3rd try, and boy oh boy, did it blow my mind! I'm writing this while gently biting down into a fluffy, warm glazed, savoring the slight crispness that shells a light, airy, cloud-like, melt-in-your-mouth, heavenly, and utterly delectable treat. Ok, so we got a dozen mixed... Just another glutenous Saturday, right?!The Donut Stop puts just the right amount of the dark jelly, you know the "right" kind, not that light red stuff that lacks the real substance you need in donut jelly. The cinnamon globs are good, if you like cinnamon rolls. I prefer a more classic type donut, but I still needed to try these. The cake donuts have a crunch to them, and aren't doused in too much frosting. The chocolate isn't too rich or fudgy (why isn't fudgy a word?), which is great for those of you who don't like a rich, deeper chocolate on your donut. And I suppose not as good for those of you who would swim through a dark chocolate river if you could. My sister is a cake donut kind of gal, and she flew to the moon in joy after one bite of these!The custard quality is far superior to those other joints. Enough said.So the staff is not very friendly and glares at you if you take too long deciding... Can we really have it all?! I felt like I was in the Seinfeld "soup" episode, but I will err on the side of donuts here and accept a bad attitude for these beauties!My faves: glazed Glazed Jelly & just plain 'ol glazed. That's just the kind of girl I am.
<review# 1771,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/20/2013,8/12/2013,202,207,3,7,4>Every now and then, I find myself searching for old CD's I've lost in the past (whether I lent them out or I've sat on them), and the inner teeny bopper in me decides to go to Vintage Stock. Who needs to buy new when you can buy used and just upload them to your computer, anyway?? I probably almost own all The Police and The Cure albums all thanks to V-Stock, and in perfect condition no less. They have a huge selection of TV on DVD series, movies, game consoles, and books. Sign up for their email newsletter and receive coupons on already discounted items!
<review# 1772,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/17/2013,8/11/2013,156,121,5,7,5>I love waffles.I love places with quirky interiors.I love drinking things out of mason jars. I love this place so much!I've been there twice now and had the pleasure of trying the Psycho Monkey (peanut butter and banans) and the Violet Beauregarde (blueberries and whipped cream, I added walnuts). And they were both great.I much much much prefer these waffles to the belgian style, I want a waffle maker like that. I think the price is fantastic for the amount of food you get. It's the perfect amount of fill you up but not make you regret how much you ate.
<review# 1773,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/14/2013,8/10/2013,149,141,3,8,5>We were so excited to try this restaurant, that we booked it for Valentine's Day, despite the couple of less than stellar reviews. I am SO glad that we did! Before we even walked in the door, we were greeted with white and pink rose petals on the ground, and they were all over the floor when we walked in...what a special touch for our special day. The place is small, and very romantic. You can tell that they took great care in choosing each plate, painting, and curtain, to give it the perfect atmosphere. Our server, Jamie, was so nice and explained everything. We asked for information and recommendations, and she answered each in detail and with a friendly smile. The whole night, she really made us feel relaxed and welcomed. We ordered a bottle of wine, and the "Around the World" special - appetizer, main course, dessert and champagne. All of it was super-delicious. She explained every ingredient that she put in the fondues, and even told us the best way to prepare it if we decided to try it at home. At the end of the meal, she brought me a rose. Stone Cellar though of each little touch. It was a perfect evening. We would definitely go back - any day of the year.
<review# 1774,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/2/2013,8/9/2013,305,185,5,11,10>THIS IS WHAT I'M TALKING ABOUT. Bogart's BBQ is where it's at. The experience was wonderful, from the very courteous and friendly treatment by the staff (despite our entire group being decked out in SF Giants gear on a Cardinals v. Giants game day), the mindblowingly delicious ribs, to the great location (in the heart of Soulard!).I ordered the half rack of ribs with applesauce and beans as my sides. I'm seriously getting hungry just recounting this experience, but such is the burden of reviewing delicious food. The ribs were the best I've ever had (which actually isn't saying much, since I didn't eat meat for a decade), and they don't require any post-purchase saucing which I'm a fan of- the glaze with which they're served really speaks for itself. I felt like a wild animal, desperately gnawing at the bones in order to remove every last morsel and make sure nothing went to waste. The sides were definitely up to par with the meat, and they complimented the meal really well. The beans are a MUST HAVE- if you're feeling really crazy, get the beans and the chips and dip the chips into the beans. I mean, you're already eating BBQ, might as well throw caution to the wind. I prefer this place to Pappy's as it felt like the owner and staff really cared about our experience and the entire place was just more boutique rather than assembly line. From the location right by the Soulard Farmers Market (go get a Bloody Mary and some beignets post-BBQ!), the cute yellow facade, and the excellent service, I'm glad I finally made the pilgrimage and tried this place out. Don't miss it if you're in STL.
<review# 1775,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/1/2013,8/8/2013,220,464,5,10,7>Great flavored smoked meat, but other than the excellent white chicken chili... the other sides leave me wanting more of the meat & chili was my impression of this  BBQ pit tent with no seating next to a Pink Elephant & gas station.Two brothers were there running the business.  The quality shows the guys really care about the smoked meat.  Even the name emphasises the idea about knowing about real smoking because you are suppose to be able to pick bones & not have meat "fall of the bone".  amazingribs.com/tips_and… I ate this two days in a row.  The first day was the pulled pork & the amount & flavor was great.  The cole slaw & beans both tasted store bought.The second day I ordered the St Louis tradition Pork Steak.  BUT, this was not the traditional Pork Steak.  This was a thick cut & smoked variety that had a personality unlike off a normal backyard BBQ grill.  While I missed the seared grill flavor, the tenderness & smoke flavor of their version had me in awe of the skillz.  I was able to pull the pork apart with a plastic fork yet was not overcooked.  Again, I was highly impressed by the amount of meat for the price.I, myself, went to order for the second lunch.  I am glad because I saw "white chicken chili".  When I said something about it... The guy in an apologetic tone stated he knows that chili does not belong in a smoke house.  However, he agreed to offer it because his wife won an award for it.  SERIOUSLY, F tradition & get the chili.  I, also, had the mustard based potato salad that visit & it was nothing great.The two brothers know smoking meat & saying yes when a wife is right.  Now they need help with the other sides.
<review# 1776,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/18/2013,8/7/2013,123,204,3,10,6>Finally!  We have anticipated eating here for what seems like an eternity.  There are simply not a lot of vegetarian options in the city, AND the folks at Tree House are actually working hard to create more vegan dishes as well.  We actually missed the soft opening but made it in the day after their grand opening.  I was really glad to see that there were quite a few people dining - considering we came by at a non-peak hour.The menu....this is a work in progress, and I intend on sampling as much of it as possible each time I visit.  We started with the seasonal tamale as an appetizer, which consisted of black beans, masa, and veggies.  I am not a huge tamale fan, but these were actually very delicious and light (unlike the traditional versions I have consumed in the past.)  Our main course consisted of the tree house burger, which was not the typical Matchmeat or black bean base.  It was a nice change as far as veggie burgers go.  As a side, we both had the fried plantains, which were fantastic.  I love that they are incorporating some of the amazing local breweries such as Civil Life, Perennial, and 4Hands.  This just adds to the excitement because I am a big fan of our amazing selection of craft breweries.This is just the beginning for the Tree House, and I hope to see the menu change/expand and business boom.  Excited to have this as a dining option so close to home!
<review# 1777,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/26/2013,8/6/2013,119,108,3,8,4>I recently went here with a buddy since they have reopened as "Fizzy's" vs. the old Dr. Jazz's.  I thought the changes they made to the interior (minor but effective) were nice!It's now an order from the front registerer - they then bring you the food kind of place vs wait staff taking your order at your table service. That I don't mind.We decided to sit at the bar. It looked welcoming!  We looked over the menu and then went up to the cashier and placed our order.  I received my cup and went over the soda fountain/condiment bar across the room and made my soda selection (3/4 diet coke with 1/4 Dr. Pepper- if you were interested) We had a good time watching Fizzy's make homemade soda's and floats behind the bar! I learned you can make an ice-cream float out of ANY soda!!!!! WHOA! Noted for my next visit.We had some good conversations with the staff about menu items, an event going on in the area later that day, very helpful!Our orders came out and there was some confusion on if we got the right order or if they lost ours... but my buddy got his chili dog with my fries, and I received the wrong item. It was a bit too hectic for my liking and I just said, I just wanted a  BLT and fries.  They quickly corrected the situation. (Although it seems as if others around us had the same ordering confusion issues - something they might want to look into fixing. A new ticket process maybe)My BLT came with slightly toasted (perfect for my liking) bread and bacon. I then got to take my delight over to the condiment bar where I loaded it with as much of the chopped romaine lettuce (I prefer iceberg for a BLT) and tomatoes as I liked at the condiment bar.  Went back to the bar and created the perfect sandwich!IT WAS DELICIOUS!!!I informed the manager or owner about how I used the last of the lettuce and she mentioned they don't fill it too full so that the fresh produce does not sit over a tub of ice too long.... smart I thought.Bec they forgot my fries, even on the second take of getting my order right, they had brought me an entire basket of fries.  You can't say we did not have enough food! That is for sure!Overall, I really enjoyed the new cleaned up look of Fizzy's.I enjoy the staff's friendliness and enthusiasm.I think once they work out some kitchen kinks it will be even better!!!!!
<review# 1778,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/27/2013,8/5/2013,51,70,2,8,4>Whenever I have visitors in town, they want to try some world famous (or perhaps infamous) St. Louis-style pizza.  Being the host, it's my job to figure out a cool, non-chain place to take them that serves up a delicious provel-encased masterpiece.  I've actually failed a few times on this assignment, as a lot of local spots either throw a TJ's in the oven or just don't know what they're doing.  But Kevin, this guy knows exactly what he's doing.  I really don't know how to explain the difference between a good and bad St. Louis-style pizza, but I think a lot has to do with the cheese distribution and the bite outcome.  There has to be some sort of science to keeping the cheese from dragging off the slice on the initial bite, which makes Kevin some sort of a scientist.  I think he runs this place by himself too, as he was both our waiter and our chef.  It's located on Antique Row on Cherokee Street in what was likely an old storefront or just an old row house.  The dining area is very quaint and dimly lit with old furniture, photos, and decor throughout.  My brother from New York responded after his first couple of bites, "This is great.  It's just different."  I'm not sure that St. Louis-style pizza will always impress New Yorkers, but the chances of doing so are certainly better at Kevin's Place.
<review# 1779,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/28/2013,8/4/2013,185,117,4,11,7>What a pleasant surprise!I have never be to a Drive-thru Sushi Joint...and this self-professed Sushi Snob would never imagine that I would or even should, but I was convinced to go after seeing some of the other reviews (especially George O and Chris Z...these two DO NOT play when it comes to a food review) so if they says it's a go...then dammit it's a go!I ordered the Tsunami Combo and the Dragon Roll...got a free California Roll to boot!  YEAH, for free sushi!  The Tsunami Combo was Excellent...super fresh fish, tasted better than most of the sushi joint around town charging triple the price for mediocre sushi...ugh! I was a bit caught of guard by the Dragon Roll...usually it's full of fish, but this one was full of veggies...I was very happy with it! Again the ingredients were very fresh and flavorful!Whenever I get the urge for sushi-to-go...this will be my place!
<review# 1780,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/12/2011,5/27/2011,69,117,,7,4>Every day for what seemed like months I drove past this building on Chouteau and saw the sign for PW Pizza and "Coming Soon." Every day that sign teased me with thoughts of a pizza place within walking distance of my apartment and the anticipation kept building until finally this week they opened. I was itching to try it out but worried that maybe I had built up too high of expectations . No worries were necessary because they exceeded every one of my expectations. The ambiance is relaxed, friendly and welcoming. The artwork painted onto the exposed brick gives it a great city vibe and they positioned mirrors in the perfect spots on the walls to create the illusion of a bigger space. We decided to start with some drinks and an appetizer and thanks to Crystal R.'s review I already knew they had Fox Barrel Pear Cider on draft so I didn't even bother looking at the drink menu. I am a sucker for their pear cider and have never been anywhere that had it on draft so I was anxious to try it out. So worth it. I did take a look at the drink menu after my pear cider and was pleased to see the extensive list of offerings they have but the pear cider was sitting with me so nicely decided to stick with that for the evening. For an appetizer we chose the three cheese spinach and artichoke dip with warm pita bread for dipping. I was in heaven. All that ooey gooey cheesy goodness and we hadn't even gotten to the pizza yet. The pita was light, fluffy and of course warm while the cheese dip was a party in my mouth. I don't know how I will ever NOT order that when I come back. For our pizza we decided to go with "The Wolf" and out of the 3 choices for crusts we chose the original. On the menu The Wolf is described as : "tomato sauce, house made fennel sausage, pepperoni, applewood smoked bacon, caramelized onion, green pepper, roasted garlic & mozzarella" When the server brought it out to the table it was visually appealing and then he grated fresh Parmesan on top for us which made it look even more delightful. I really think this was one of the best pizzas I have ever had, while there were a lot of flavors involved not one of them over powered another and the tomato sauce had just the right amount of spice to compliment the toppings and not be completely lost. The crust was light, crispy with a slight chew and oh. so. good. All in all we were only able to eat half of the pizza and half of the appetizer and were stuffed to the gills. For the quality of food and service received the prices were very reasonable as well. Especially considering we had enough pizza for lunch today and it is just as good cold. To make our visit even that much better, our server Andrew gave us fantastic service. He was friendly, engaging and available when necessary but not hovering. Even after we had paid and were finishing our last drinks he still refilled waters and never once did I feel rushed. Plus when we did leave he was near the exit to shake our hand and thank us for coming while a 2nd person handed us a to go menu yet another person opened the door for us. I have definitely found my new favorite neighborhood stop and I only hope the excellent quality of food and service are maintained.
<review# 1781,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/29/2010,5/26/2011,37,228,7,3,2>It's been a while since my last visit, so I couldn't NOT stop in for food while driving by.  Once again, never disappointing.  This time I had the fried pork chop...O M G.  It may be my new favorite.  And of course I couldn't resist the mac & cheese, the best stuff in town!  And lucky for me, a fresh batch of cornbread was coming out as my tray was coming down the line...mmm.The staff is incredibly nice, and one of the ladies took one look at my pork chop and threw in one of their delicious fried chicken wings (still jointed, so really 2 wings!) - she must've known what a secret fat a** I am bc she simply said, "Honey, this pork chop is way too small.  I'm throwing in some chicken for you!"  How can you not fall in love with that?!?!?!  Esp since normally it'll cost you an extra $1.25 for that wing...LOL.Oh yea, I know I already said it, but get that lemonade.  Mm mm mm....Sweetie Pie's, I HEART YOU.
<review# 1782,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/7/2010,5/25/2011,30,78,3,7,4>I must start out this review by saying that I grew up in New Jersey.  When I moved to the Midwest 5 years ago, I swore off St. Louis style pizza (provel, what?).  Needless to say, I've been on a quest to find pizza that most closely remembers that of my adolescent years.Feraro's is the closest that I've found.  Crust is not to thick, not to thin, and just the right amount of chewy.  Toppings are good (albeit a little expensive), and the stromboli is divine!  We've tried a wide variety of pizza from plain to some of the specialty ones, and have never been disappointed.We often order delivery when we get home and have a "what to make for dinner moment", and the staff is always pleasant whether it's the order taker or the delivery person.If you're looking for some good Jeresey-style pizza, this is the place to go....and if you know of somewhere that has better Jersey-style pizza, you better let me know.
<review# 1783,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/27/2010,5/24/2011,144,692,1,5,5>Erin G. was RIGHT about the tuna ceviche. It makes a fabulous entree, after a first course Milagro salad. If asked to duplicate it, I'd probably take a terrine mold, fill the bottom with fresh tuna marinated in lime juice, add chopped avocado, then press in plenty of fresh guacamole, chill, turn  out of mold onto a cabbage leaf, top with chopped mango and jicama (never heard of jicama before today), drizzle with lime-cilantro sauce, and serve with warm chips. I'd probably neglect to add some important spice, and it wouldn't be as good. But this dish isn't about spice, it's about the fatty smoothness of the tuna and avocado. It went well with Bell's Two Hearted Ale, which had just enough backbone to give structure to my meal. Also, there was no difficulty accommodating the two gluten-free diners at my table. In fact, the server not only knowledgeable, but also confirmed the gluten-free status of the dishes delivered to the table.
<review# 1784,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/18/2011,5/23/2011,21,91,3,5,5>This isn't your typical coffee and wifi surfing coffeeshop.  You may get that impression when you walk in since it has that typical coffeeshop vibe thing going on.  But one look at the menu, and you will see that this is no ordinary cafe.You will probably feel a bit overwhelmed.  If you were in the mood for a coffee and bagel you may find yourself considering a sandwich and locally brewed white ale.  Nah let's go with a beignet and a hurricane.Not many places have this kind of menu diversity.  And even better, everything (that I've had) is really good too.  I would rate their coffee and one of the, if not best, I've had in the entire city.  I am one of those "I like my sugar with coffee and cream" types but their coffee is so good I could add just a little cream and sugar and really enjoy it.  Maybe my palette is changing but I think it just has to do with their coffee really kicking ass.Their beignets are so good that it's almost impossible to get just one, and the workers will be quick to recommend you get several.  And yes they will mock you if you come back after getting only one with an "I told you so".  But the staff is super friendly even if you don't come in everyday.  The first time we were here I guess we looked like clueless tourists since we were thumbing through "eleven" magazine and one of the workers asked if we were from out of town.  No guy, we always just look clueless.  But that's a nice touch that you don't see much at coffeeshops.The owners are clearly serious about supporting the community and feature local artists and musicians on a regular basis.  They will also give you a free beignet if you ride your bike in.  This should really be on everyones radar, especially if you like supporting local businesses.  This is an excellent choice for breakfast, brunch, lunch, dinner, coffee, drinks, and dessert.  So pretty much any food/drink related excursion can be satisfied here.  I can't think of any other place I can say that about.
<review# 1785,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/15/2011,5/22/2011,140,254,3,4,2>I can't believe I haven't re-reviewed Cafe Cioccolato. Time to rectify that!When I'm not on crutches (Hobbling since Dec. 1, and yep, I'm sick of it.), I generally stop by Cafe Cioccolato at least once a week on my way home from the 8th and Pine Metrolink station. Some people have daily latte fixes; I have weekly decadent chocolate fixes. There are a good number of chocolates that owner David regularly keeps in the case (Those caramels, raspberry-filled and hazelnut varieties are my faves) but he also orders plenty of new things to try. Josh isn't a huge chocolate fan, but even he has his favorites - he likes the cappucino and peanut butter varieties. And chocolate-covered espresso beans? Josh bought a big bag last night!Moreover, the shop now makes special treats! Sometimes they're seasonal and sometimes they're based around which ingredients David has in stock, but he makes homemade chocolate-covered marshmallows (GIANT!), chocolate-covered raspberries (They look like nut-caramel turtle clusters, but they're filled with whole raspberries!), chocolate-covered oreos and chocolate-covered strawberries. As you might imagine, the strawberries are wildly popular, especially around Valentine's Day, so when we stopped in last night, the stock was fresh out. But when they're available, GET THEM. The berries are huge and fresh, and the chocolate is decadent. They - and all the other delights in the cafe - are a special treat for a romantic dessert or work victory.
<review# 1786,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/22/2011,5/21/2011,413,665,19,6,9>This week's diet and self-imposed restaurant ban has limited my Yelping options. As I sat contemplating my next move (practically forced to review my bank, the post office, or a grocery store I never go to since I eat out so freakin' much), I realized I needed some air. Grabbed my non-Apple MP3 player and stalked my St. Louis crush: Forest Park. I've been wanting to go to Forest Park since I moved to the Lou (shut up, I can call it the Lou if I want to). There are three reasons I have not. They are, in no particular order: 1. Can't compete with all the marathon runners and dog walkers in bike shorts. 2. Too busy watching Kourtney and Khloe Take Miami reruns. 3. I just moved here from Seattle, and I'm pretty sure Disney World itself cannot compare to the parks in Sea Town (shut up, I can call it Sea Town if I want to). The sun was down, and a jog around my good-block-bad-block neighborhood seemed risky. I found myself at the foot of the Grand Basin (which I labeled as "Fountain Plaza" in my GPS). Holy. Mother. of. God. I don't know if it was the amazing warm March breeze, the scores of canoodling Wash U freshmen, or the modest hint of fish in the air, but you had me at Hello, Grand Basin in Forest Park. I walked around the thing, wondering if it counts as a workout if you're wearing jeans. Best fucking park ever. I can't believe everybody here seems to hate it so much. And seriously, I am so over Seattle now. Grand Basin was like my rebound park or something. Problem solved. Can't wait to explore the rest of it. Though probably during daylight hours. Not that after dark wasn't fantastic. I haven't seen that many people having sex in cars since my high school prom.
<review# 1787,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/1/2010,5/20/2011,59,256,3,6,6>St. Louis has an Argo Tea!  Woot Woot!  These are all over the place in Chicago and they're great--you can't even find a seat in their chicago locations because of all the people working and studying and there's one right near Loyola's downtown campus so I'm not sure that tea and studying don't mix like a previous reviewer said. They are essentially Starbucks but for tea.  Any kind of crazy tea beverage is available here or you can just get a plain hot tea if you're not feeling very risky.  I highly recommend the iced Mojitea on a hot day.  It tastes like a Mojito but it's all tea (mint, lime and delicious).  On a cold day you can't beat the Matte Latte--it's really nutty/creamy and is not quite as caffeinated as a coffee but still gives a tiny jolt.  Not being a SLU student the location was hard for me to get to but I had to make the trip to hit my craving (Oh Mojitea! How I've missed you!) I hope they decide to open more around the city. It's a great alternative to a coffee shop when you want a different kind of drink.
<review# 1788,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/4/2011,5/19/2011,317,728,7,19,11>For Pan-Latin, as it describes itself . . . with every dish on the menu ascribed to a country . . . fabulous.My first time here. Dining partner has been here numerous times . . . even greeting her usual server with a hug! Huh?I arrived first, getting a very little table for two in the vestibule (as I would call it) . . . not the bar, not the dining room, but right where you walk in. Greeted upon arrival and given a table with dining partner not at the ready, in fact, I was 30 minutes early.Got a House Margarita ($6), which was lovely with fresh squeezed lime juice mostly, but with some lemon and orange to round out the citrus. Quite fine.Chips were toothesome, thick and snappy. Some had copious amounts of salt, but you needed only to shake them a bit. The salsa was, as others have said, more of a pico de gallo . . . tomatoe and red onion chunky mix . . . and quite tasty.Now for Jackie W . . . the way to eat the chunky salsa not with the homeboy . . . you get your own saucer, which is the way it's all presented. Put your salsa in that saucer. Find a chip that has a lip. Scoop salsa into that lipped chip. Take it to your mouth with cover . . . that being either your other hand cupped under the chip and following said chip to your mouth or the actual saucer under the chip following said chip to your mouth. IT WORKS!! I found the better part of valor being the whole saucer following your chip to your mouth. I get the problem . . . but it's solved. Now if you're out with some dude who doesn't get that food can be messy and doesn't always follow Vogue standards . . . well, who needs him?!!I got the Pollo en Pepian Dulce ($16.95), a Guatamalan dish: grilled chicken breast with a sauce of ground pepitas (pumpkin seeds) and sesame seeds, red bell peppers, tomatoes, onions and garlic stewed in a bitter orange and cinnamon-infused chicken broth, served with white rice, grilled asparagus and garnished with roasted almond slices and Pisco bloomed raisins.This was a ridiculously delicious dish. The cinnamon was obvious, but not over-powering. The chicken was juicy and tender. All the seeds were there, but not over-done. The sliced almonds and raisins rounded out the flavors and textures (and I HATE raisins!!).The white rice was a throw-away. But the grilled asparagus was beautifully roasted, which brought out such a different flavor from other preparations.Dining partner got the  Puerco con Cafe y Chile Marron ($15.95), a Cuban dish: grilled sliced pork loin rubbed with coffee, chile and brown sugar topped with black bean and carna salsa; served with white rice and grilled asparagus.She shared a piece of the pork loin, and it was incredible. I tasted the coffee, but it was an underpinning of the spices . . . and just flowed through the meat. A lovely mouthful.It was a joyously invigorating meal with a lovely to-go vessel!
<review# 1789,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/25/2011,5/18/2011,264,889,5,10,9>On a whim after work we decided to check out a small breed dog I spotted on the Humane Society's website.  All I told my hubby was that it was a miniature pincher (like our other one) and he was game to go "look".  The facility is open until 6pm during the week and we arrived just before 5.  As we walked into the small dog/puppy parlor, I spotted the dog from it's online photo.  She was WAY smaller than I expected, the photo only showed her face.  She couldn't have been more than 5lbs soaking wet.  It was love at first sight for me.  My husband's face nearly fell off when he saw her, perhaps a little to little for him.  But he agreed to a visitation with her in an adoption room.  The adoption form I had filled out a few weeks back was still on file, which saved me the writing.  My application was pulled and an adoption counselor gathered the dog and her background information, i.e. where she came from, what her health history was, adoption fees, etc.  We had plenty of alone time with the dog while the adoption counselor went to follow up on a few questions I asked about her health history while at the Humane Society.Long story short...about and hour and $210 later, I left with a new pup, a leash and a bag of Purina dog food to get started with.
<review# 1790,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/12/2013,10/2/2013,48,157,3,9,7>Like others have said, this place isn't "pretty" or high tech, so if you're looking for a state of the art vet, look elsewhere. What you will find here is a very nice staff with reasonable prices. They don't book appointments in advance, so Harper puppy and I headed over on Tuesday afternoon to get his rabies shot and some Heartguard. The lady behind the counter busted out an index card and typed, yes typed, all his info (love it!) Super old-school, but efficient and it added a sense of family run small town-ness. The tech took us right back and the vet soon followed; both were super sweet and kept Harper calm while they checked him over and gave him his shot. Overall we paid $102 for his rabies shot and tags, heartworm test, and 6 months of Heartguard. I'm a fan for how nice and efficient they were, Harper is a fan because he got two treats.
<review# 1791,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/6/2013,10/1/2013,20,64,2,7,3>Soccer fan?  Tired of other sports bars that only show soccer games once every 4 years during the World Cup?  Well Amsterdam is your place!  This is one of few bars in STL that caters to the knowledgeable soccer fan & airs a good selection of foreign league games.... but you can also get your MLS & US National team fix here too.  Very simple bar, good beer selection, friendly staff & very laid back clientele.  They also have a wicked patio that's surprisingly large given the size of the bar itself.If you're on Yelp looking for "soccer bars" in STL then Amsterdam should top your list.
<review# 1792,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/21/2013,9/30/2013,58,205,,5,5>The best review on this place has already been written: if you've got any questions at all about Bella's, check out fellow Yelper Mark P's concise outline. His treatment of the bright little corner shop near Flamingo Bowl and Flannery's is thorough and fair.While I can't back him up on the banana yogurt option (call me a traditionalist, but Dreamy Dark Chocolate and Tahitian Vanilla options shouldn't be passed up, especially when you're first visiting a froyo shop...), there is one bit of good news that's not been highlighted enough.Wednesday Happy Hour. 50% off. Four until 7p.No coupon needed. No email club to join (aka, get spammed by in exchange for a handful of good deals). No passwords via Twitter. No having to uncomfortably ask for the special (especially nice if you want to treat someone else without breaking the bank).It's the froyo that you'd normally get, for half the amount you'd normally pay. This may be the best deal going in quick, self-serve, frozen desserts (with the punch card at FroYo a distant second?).Froyo isn't new the the area, nor even to Downtown, and it's a little tough to imagine "bad" froyo (think about it: when have you ever had froyo and been ticked off afterwards? If ever, I feel sorry for you). This isn't the place that's going to mess up that track record.Notes:*Outdoor seating: Yes. There's not a ton of it, but there is some.*Cost: About 45 cents/ounce, very much in line with the competition.*Credit cards: Accepted.
<review# 1793,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/22/2013,9/29/2013,99,408,3,6,6>I am always happy to see a new microbrewery pop up. This one is in a great location, near food and other nightlife; I tried the Tamarind Sour Red and the Shizo Session and loved both. They used two of my favorite ingredients, tamarind and mint, in these brews, not to mention they used them quite well. The flavors were well balanced, not overly tart, sweet, or minty. I loved them even though beers rarely excite me.
<review# 1794,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/28/2013,9/28/2013,72,94,2,11,7>The next time you venture to Kimmswick, do yourself a favor and give this place a try. The Dough Depot is slowly gaining popularity because it serves better food (at lower prices) than it's overrated competitor that serves those mile high pies. You all know who I'm talking about... The restaurant is located in an old historic brick home in the heart of Kimmswick. It's super charming inside... like sitting in Grandma's dining room. They have a small shop located in the front of the restaurant where they sell homemade jams, ornaments, small crafts, etc. My mom bought some of the jalapeño jam and said it was spectacular. The one drawback is that it is only open until 4:00 or 5:00, as most shops and restaurants are around there, so plan for lunch or an early dinner. I came here for lunch on a nice mother / daughter day.They are famous for their pretzel bread, and for good reason. They offer a variety of sandwiches served on the bread, pretzel bread pizza, or you can buy the bread plain. They also serve several delicious salads, soups, chili, appetizers, and homemade desserts. Actually, everything is homemade.They offer great soup / salad / sandwich combo deals that are priced no more than $7.50. My mom and I both chose the same combo: a turkey club sandwich served on warm pretzel bread with bacon, American & swiss cheese, and garden toppings; and an Italian salad with pepperoni, provel cheese, black olives, and red onion. The desserts looked fantastic, but we just didn't have the room to try one. A few of the selections are strawberry shortcake, funnel cake sundaes, brownie sundaes, root beer floats, shakes, and malts. No dessert is priced over $3.50. Yes, you read that right. I'll definitely be back here. It's not far from my house, so it would make a perfect weekend lunch spot.
<review# 1795,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/21/2013,9/27/2013,69,117,1,6,4>I am seriously lacking in my reviews lately, silly life getting in the way and all, but I wanted to take a moment to write my review for the newest restaurant in my neighborhood, Tripel. I have been anxiously waiting for Tripel to open since they started construction and was curious to see how they were planning on transforming the previous Fireman's bar. J and I went without a reservation on a weekend evening and were happy to be able to snatch a table in the bar area. I am so glad we did because it gave me a chance to see the beautiful transformation of the inside. Unlike the previous restaurant in the same spot, they were able to utilize all of the space beautifully with different levels of tables, partitions, etc. My favorite part of the transformation though was the extra long, gorgeous bar they installed. I don't remember what cocktails we had (there were quite a few) but I do remember I was impressed by each one. J had a problem with one of his drinks that was made incorrectly and service was fast and polite to replace. We were both in the mood for mussels but different kinds (of course) so we each got a separate order. Let's just say I had no idea each order was 2 full pounds. They were phenomenal and the tomato broth I had was soaked up perfectly by my side of bread. I ate until I was perfectly satisfied and still had a rather large amount of mussels left. From the moment I walked in the door the service was polite, friendly and efficient and I loved the warm, elegant atmosphere inside. I will definitely be walking up there for many evening cocktails for sure.
<review# 1796,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/6/2013,9/26/2013,20,79,7,10,6>I lived in Seattle for 10 years. Walking into Sump feels like walking back into the Pacific Northwest, complete with interesting sophisticated decor, an ipad instead of a register, baristas with attitude and sleater-kinney on the stereo. It happened to be raining during my two visits as well.Being a former Seattleite, I should be used to places like this. But somehow I feel intimidated here. Like, you can't order an iced mocha, for example. You have to order off menu.  The pour-over coffee was not to my taste. It tasted a little weak, actually.  I use soy milk in my coffee and it curdled. I tried a soy latte there once too and it was pretty damn good, but damn expensive.I think this would be a nice place to take a lady on a day time date, if you want to pinky-out on a snobby coffee experience.
<review# 1797,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/19/2013,9/25/2013,148,364,4,8,9>Ricardo's sure did aim to please the other night and I am clearly a fan of this little Italian place located in Lafayette Square. We had dinner reservations for 7:00 on a Friday night; however, our group was running a little late and so I called to see if we could push back our reservations 30 minutes and the hostess was more than happy to accommodate my request! How awesome is that? Our group arrived just around 7:30 and we were greeted immediately by a hostess. She brought us to our table and introduced our server to us. We had water on the table almost immediately and also a basket of bread was brought out right away! Our server came over and explained the menu to us and made some recommendations. I wish I could remember his name because he was really great! We placed our drink orders and then he gave us time to review the menu. By the time he came back with our drinks we were ready to order. I asked for a small order of the manicotti. Others at the table ordered the lasagna and I believe my boyfriend ordered a steak with a side of pasta. We also ordered individual salads for an appetizer. The salads came out rather quickly and I was actually really impressed that they did keep the dressing on the side as I hate when a salad is pre-coated with dressing. Our server offered cracked pepper as well as Parmesan cheese for a topping as well. While we were eating our salads our water glasses were being refilled and a new basket of bread was being delivered. Once we were done with our salads the meals were delivered to our table and it all looked and smelled delicious. I couldn't wait to dig in. The small order of manicotti was just perfect for me. Our server offered Parmesan cheese again and then he allowed us time to try our meals before coming back to check in on us. I could tell we were all enjoying our meals since we didn't talk much. I also think we all ate everything on our plates-this is a good sign! The meals were delicious. Our plates were cleared and now it was time for the dessert order; yes, I was excited to try dessert too! They had a long list of items to try including gooey butter cake, tiramisu, ice cream, and of course a cannoli. I ordered the chocolate chip cannoli and others at the table ordered the ice cream (handmade by Bailey's Chocolate Bar next door). All the desserts were fresh and I really enjoyed the cannoli. I opted to share a few bites with my boyfriend as well and I think he enjoyed it too. At the end of the meal our server came over and made sure we had everything we needed before bringing over our check. What I liked most about this place is that we were never rushed to do anything. It was a very laid back experience for all of us. Overall, this was a great dinner and I can't wait to go again! Who knew I would find such a great Italian restaurant not in the Hill? I recommend checking it out.
<review# 1798,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/9/2013,9/24/2013,23,17,5,21,8>Gym atmosphere - 5 starsAmenities - 4 stars (particulary because of parking and locker room availability).Personal training - 5 starsGroup fitness - 5 starsStaff - 5 starsAmenities:- Towel service- Food Items. I believe they partnered with a nutrition organization that actually can prepare and deliver food to your home. That food was also provided in the gym and includes things like egg whites, fruit, salads, protein options, nuts, and some other food types. There are also beverages available for purchase.- Nutrition expert consultations available for a fee- Massage Therapist available for a fee- And a few others that I can't recallI heard about this gym and saw the opportunity to try it out by purchasing a 3-month groupon special, which included a full 3 month membership, and 3 personal training sessions. I think this deal was valued at approximately $400.This gym is owned by a former Olympic power lifter and he uses that philosophy towards training and fitness. That means there are not a bigillion cardio machines for all you folks that believe in endless cardio as the answer to burning fat and building muscle.This is the type of gym where the regulars know each other and so does the staff because it's pretty small. 189 occupancy, so that gives you an idea of the size. However, I feel that it should Be much smaller. I would say there are 4-5 elliptical machines and 5-6 treadmills. The rest is weight training equipment.Typically I go into a gym with a mean face to prevent people from talking to me because I am actually intimidated by some of the people that work there so I try to show my strong face (go figure).  However, it's not like that there. Everyone has a friendly face. Most patrons also have a face that means business. This gym is structured for personal training sessions. When I come on a Saturday morning and there were approximately 6 personal trainers working with clients. I completed three sessions with a trainer and she was very knowledgeable, motivating, and thorough. I believe her name is Jessica.  I have observed in working with her and interacting with other staff members that their philosophy to proper form is core element to healthy and safe fitness. There are several postings of dynamic warm ups and cool downs that the staff expect for clients to complete before starting any routine. I found it very helpful in properly warming up the body without defaulting to stretching.If you are not into personal training (or can't afford it) then I think the next bet would be the group fitness classes here at the Lab Gym. What I really love about the group fitness classes is that you can sign up at least five days before hand to save your spot online or in person, particularly because space is limited.  Unlike other gyms, the group fitness room only fits 15 (depending on the class) so it doesn't feel that crowded.They will also send emails out to all members if a class has been cancelled or rescheduled at the past minute. The majority of the group fitness classes designed by LesMills and most start with the world 'body'. Body flow (yoga/Pilates), body pump (weight training), body combat (kick boxing), Zumba, and RPM (spinning). The classes listed above are included in your membership. There is one special boot camp class that's taught by the owner for an additional per class fee. I have tried Body Combat and Body Pump consistently during my membership, both of which were good full body workouts so I would definitely recommend taking them. I also tried Zumba once, but wasn't too interested in that form of workout. *Tip - When I was there, the group fitness schedule was often structured (regarding body pump and body combat) to have body pump first, and body combat following. I typically signed up for both classes to get resistance training and cardio in for the day.Women's locker room: really small! One shower (which I never used) about 30 school size lockers, 4 stalls. When there was more than three women using the locker room it felt crowded. Because of this, I would often change before coming to the gym- if I was coming from work, for example. However, the locker rooms were always clean.Parking: there is meter parking, a small 15 car lot that is shared by 3 other businesses, and a smaller non-metered street behind the establishment, which is a little sketch (from a woman's perspective) so I don't park there. Parking lot is typically full by 5pm on the week days (peak gym time) and by 9am on Saturdays. However, I can't speak to other times outside of the ones stated above.
<review# 1799,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/11/2013,9/23/2013,98,1037,8,9,5>First and foremost... if you get a chance to try this place out ask for the waitress Lindsey... cute, friendly, and attentive.This is one of the better places I've tried recently.  They offer really good Italian dishes.  I had the Pork Oso Bucco... it was really, really good.  The shank is served upright so everyone in the whole place is looking at you when it's served.  Yeah... see that tower of pork... that's all mine.  I have to digress a bit... my dining experience was muddled by a barking dog at the next table over.  Yeah... one of those little lap dogs.  The family on the patio thought it was appropriate to bring it to dinner.  And sit it on a chair.  And feed it stuff off their plates every time it yipped.  My rules for dogs and kids in restaurants are the same. If your little creatures can't behave themselves then take them to the park, not a restaurant.  I don't want to hear your dog yipping any more than I want to hear your kid screaming.  What are you thinking.Now if your youngins or pets keep to themselves and act respectable, I'm all good.The table with the pup ran out of scraps.  I swear it was eyeing up my pork shank.  I really wanted to drop kick it like Jack Black does to Baxter in Anchorman.The food is really good here.  Service was great.  And the ambiance minus yippie skippy was open and relaxing.Oh... and they have a lot reserved for dining patrons... a great thing for those of you that hate parking in the Loop.
<review# 1800,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/14/2011,11/29/2011,100,105,1,6,6>I've got a new salon!  So glad that I read reviews on Yelp to find Medusa's!  I made an appointment with Kelly primarily because of Erin G.'s glowing review.  So happy that I did!!!I'm one of those annoying folks who walk into a salon and say, "Help!  I don't know what I want!" and she handled that beautifully.  She assessed the situation, started cutting, mixed up some awesome colors for me, and two hours later I walked out one happy gal.Love the whole vibe of the place.  The cobblestone pathway, the artwork, the wine and cheese, the exposed brick, the furniture and lighting, it all screams Soulard.  And I love me some Soulard!Thank you Kelly!!!
<review# 1801,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/29/2011,11/28/2011,54,83,1,5,3>Pet Supplies "Plus" saved the day! After my husband and I had been working some odd hours last week, I found myself out of premium dog food at 6:30 on a Saturday night and my pups had not eaten since breakfast...I thought to quickly resolve the matter by  immediately heading to the closest store, The Canine Center in Webster Groves, but I was too late, they closed at 6:00pm on a Saturday....very disappointed...I called Treats Unleashed in Des Peres, which was still open, but they did not carry my brand (Taste of the Wild)...They did offer to special order a bag, which was nice, but I didn't have that kind of time...So, I called Pet Supplies "Plus", to make sure they were not closed before I made the long drive down Manchester Road....They were open until 9:00pm on a Saturday! Amazing! My two curious and happy Frenchies walked-in and were greeted with a warm welcome. A young gentleman was kind enough to load the 50lb bag into my cart and my car...It was definally worth the drive.....Thanks Pet Supplies "Plus" for saving the day!
<review# 1802,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/7/2011,11/27/2011,117,126,5,4,5>Note: This review is based solely on drinking at the bar. No food was eaten in the making of this review. Except the popcorn, which was damned delicious.I've wanted to try Monarch for a long time, but I'd labeled it as one of those "special occasion" type places that I'd probably never actually visit. Then I decided that living through the first Monday of Daylight Saving Time was a pretty remarkable accomplishment, so I treated myself to some liquid therapy at Monarch's bar.First impression: this place is beautiful. The dining room was gorgeous and the bar was super nice. I was pretty much the only one there, but that was fine by me. I flipped through the cocktail/wine menu, but I just wasn't feeling a specialty drink even though I've heard great things about their selection.I opted for my favorite drink: an old fashioned. After quizzing the bartender on his method, his background and what exactly his intentions were with my drink, I decided I trusted him enough to go for it. And I'm glad I did. It was very well made and I'd put it right up there with the old fashioned at the Famous Bar in South City.I'm glad I stopped in. The ambiance is very nice and the bartender knows his stuff. Who needs one of those SAD lamps when there's bourbon?
<review# 1803,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/23/2011,11/26/2011,114,218,1,5,4>I also came here for the CMYE on Wednesday night. I had been here once before for drinks last winter and loved the fire pit outside on the patio! Great beer selection, and helpful bartenders that help you make the ever so difficult decision. I got hungry after a bit and ordered the grilled cheese with pesto and tomatoes (no bacon for me). It was awesome! They have a slew of side choices including sweet potato chips, billy goat chips, a seasonal veggie side, cold orzo salad, beans and rice and few others that I can't remember. I opted for the billy goat chips since I am a self proclaimed addict but I barely touched them after eating my entire grilled cheese...bomb.com! Will definitely have to try and replicate it at home. BF got the grass fed Missouri burger with bacon and was thoroughly impressed. I tried a bite and thought it tasted pretty darn good too!
<review# 1804,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/15/2011,11/25/2011,129,341,11,8,8>This is really a 3 1/2 star review, but based on a certain drink I had and the service, it gets bumped up to 4.So last Friday, the beautiful wife and I ventured to Taste for the first time and while I enjoyed the experience, I certainly didn't get a religious experience.We arrived for our 6:30 reservation, walking up to the door where there was some sort of doorman (a.k.a., guy sitting on a stool). I'm not sure if that was part of the "speakeasy" vibe people talk about, but last time I checked, having a doorman makes the speakeasy fairly identifiable. Not to mention the giant "TASTE" sign outside, but I digress.Anyway, there wasn't any cool signal to get in, actually, I don't think the fellow even said "hi" nor anything when the beautiful wife tripped on the unbeautiful, uneven sidewalk.Upon being greeted by the hostess, we were seated at a two top at a front window (which was open to view, which is fine, because it's getting nicer out. Though, I wouldn't have had a outdoor table right outside the window. But then again, I'm a bit bitter because I had to witness some spastic guy air drumming and bouncing his leg like an electrocuted Tommy Lee. And if you're a Yelper, sorry, but please settle down in public).For my first cocktail, I started off with the Duck and Cover (Chinaco Reposado, Aztec of Fire Mezcal, Duck Fat Grand Marnier, One and a Half Vermouth, OJ). Yep, that's one of three (I think) drinks with the duck fat Grand Marnier. And it was tasty -- very boozy, so be warned. It was tasty, but it was one of those drinks that I'd rather just have alone, without food, so I could appreciate it without other influences.On to food -- we started off with the bacon deviled eggs and the pork belly. The deviled eggs were good, but...well, they were deviled eggs that tasted bacony. But, here's my real bitch. Now, I'm not sure if this is because I'm a big fat white guy or if there's some sort of culinary OCD going on, but we got three egg halves. What happened to the fourth half? I couldn't help thinking that at the end of the night, there will be this one, lonely egg half, never having going to join his Gemini twin in being eaten. It just bugged me.The pork belly was good, but had way more fat and way less pork that the belly at Salt (the epitome of St. Louis pork belly for me, for now). Pork belly needs that balance between fat and meat -- if it's all fat, sure, it's delicious in a little portion, but in huge chunks, you go "holy crap, I'm eating big chunks of fat. This is Jabba-esque, not gourmet."We the ordered the carne cruda, the candied bacon, and the cheese board and another round of cocktails. I'll talk about the food first, because my second cocktail was a religious experience.The candied bacon was thick slices of candied bacon topped with pistachios. Nothing overly amazing.The carne cruda _was_ delicious. The quality of the beef was perfect -- with lemon, salt , and topped with some arugula, it melted in my mouth. Delicious.The cheese plate was a Stilton, a French cheese (similar to a white Cheddar), and a French triple cream. It's hard to mess up cheese plates. This also came with some sort of candied (?) fennel, which was tasty, but didn't really add anything interesting.Now, on to my second cocktail -- the GoodFella, consisting of El Dorado dark rum, Cynar, Averna, espresso syrup, Bob's vanilla bitters, Peychaud's. Served in a little coffee cup looking glass, oh good lord. It's a religious experience. I think I actually started to tear up, it's that freaking good.Our server was excellent -- very subdued, but helpful with the menu. And most importantly, which I told him about my epiphany with the GoodFella, he later came over with what I thought was the bill (I was like, WTF? We're still eating?), then I discovered that he had the bar print out a copy of the recipe for the GoodFella so I could have it for home reference. That's worth a star right there as well.Taste, what do I really think of you? I don't know. The food was OK, but there's just so much pork that you can take at once (BBQ aside). The drinks, oh boy, that's a reason to come back (though when we were there at 6:30, the bar was nearly packed).I'm really not sure. It's too good not to go back, but not good enough to put it on my priority list. Go figure.
<review# 1805,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/12/2011,11/24/2011,193,50,,5,4>I'm going to keep this review short because this place is one of my favorite places in the Grand ol' city of Saint Louis and I could go on forever about it.Cafe Cioccolato has a lot of things going for it. First off, they have a lot of fancy chocolates. This isn't the chocolate you'll see at your favorite grocery store, we're talking chocolate that have the ability that could make Willy Wonka jealous. Also the setting is quite relaxing. Light classical music or smooth jazz give this place a very chill ambiance. In addition, I really like the couches there. Very relaxing and calm.I can not vouch for the wine but I did get some pretty good adult beverages during the recent Car Free Happy Hour.Also did I mention Cafe Cioccolato is close to the 8th and Pine Metrolink station? Well it is! Plus the owner is pretty awesome!I recommend this place if you are looking for a nice low-key happy hour or even a wonderful place to get something nice for your significant other.If you are a chocolate lover then you should have been there yesterday. I give this place my highest recommendation!
<review# 1806,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/3/2011,11/23/2011,144,93,,6,6>Show some love to Yogoluv! My friends and I went on opening day, and they had free frozen yogurt until 10PM to draw people in! I'm happy to say that I'll be returning even though it'll be 40 cents per ounce the next time I go in. The setup is the same as other places like FroYo and Red Mango, so my strategy still remains the same. You have to go fruity or chocolatey. I decided on fruity and tried out their peach, blueberry, raspberry, mango and vanilla flavors. I liked peach and raspberry best, but the best part was that the toppings you add at the end were all fresh! They have the fruits: blueberries, raspberries, strawberries, pineapples, etc. And the also have all the other normal toppings like nuts and whip cream and syrups. On top of that, Yogoluv offered different types of mochi, which I haven't seen elsewhere. They had the plain mochi, but also green tea and strawberry flavored mochi as well, which went very well with the fruity-frozen-yogurt combination. All in all, I recommend this place if you want to stop in for some frozen yogurt! There aren't many around the Creve Coeur area, so especially if you live around Yogoluv, it's definitely worth checking out.
<review# 1807,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/29/2011,11/22/2011,95,111,3,10,5>When I moved back to St. Louis from Chicago, I knew what I was truly going to miss about the windy city was their bizarre and eclectic dive bars. Well eat it, Chi-Town because Colorado Bob's Ship of Fools was one of the coolest bars I have ever been to. Colorado Bob's is a perfect reminder that I do not know STL as well as I think I do. I went here a couple of weeks ago with my fiance and two cousins. My one cousin in particular, much cooler than I, had lived in the city about a month and already knew cooler places to go out than I have in my 5 years of living here. I would never call myself a Parrothead, more of a parrot nose or eyes or something. Regardless, I do enjoy Mr. Jimmy Buffett and the Coral Reffers. At Colorado Bob's, it was like walking into a Key West dive bar circa 1982, I was expecting to see Jimmy walk right in straight outta Havana Daydreamin'. It was just awesome. Cheap beers and great people. I did not have the privilege of meeting Colorado Bob but I will not fret because I will be returning. Overall, I wouldn't take just anyone there. It's probably not a crowd pleaser as much as it is an awesome person pleaser.
<review# 1808,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/11/2011,11/21/2011,8,22,4,4,5>Can we talk about how weird Clayton is on the weekend? No foot traffic! Totally dead! And yet there I was, with a 20 minute wait at Half and Half at 2pm on a Sunday. I rolled up on my bike, and despite their cute old cruiser bike being propped up outside to serve as an "open" sign, there are no bike racks. Whatever, I'm no baby so I locked my bike to a meter. Take that, Mercedes SUV driver. The scene is decidedly upscale Clayton parent. Lots of Lulu Lemon, lots of kids in J Crew gear. Lots of weird looks when I came in with my unruly hair and tattoos.Most importantly though, the food is GREAT. I almost never get french toast at restaurants and this definitely avoids the cloying faux-syrup trap like a charm. The eggs are gorgeous, and you can tell that they're sourcing them well. They use my favorite cruciferous greens: kale and brussels sprouts. It's a little pricy, but it is 100% worth the cost of admission, for sure.But here's my beef, Half & Half: your coffee. People have been talking it up like it's the second coming of Christ and I am NOT IMPRESSED. I've been fortunate enough to have the mindblowing drip brew at Blue Bottle and Phillz in SF, and this simply does not compare at all. And the kicker is that it costs about twice as much! IN ST LOUIS. Maybe I would have been more impressed with a latte, but upwards of $5 for a cup of drip coffee (and tipping over the $6 mark with your cloth filters!) is absolutely absurd. I am inclined to say that it is actually some BS.Bottom line: by all means, go for the food. But I will probably not bother with the coffee again.
<review# 1809,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/31/2011,11/20/2011,69,117,3,10,7>This place is seriously awesome. J and I were running errands the other day and he mentioned he wanted to stop at Sports Authority to try to find some running shoes. I have always disliked that place, it's too big, I can never get anyone to help me and I always feel like I paid way to much for something I could have bought at any other discount store. So I pulled up the handy yelp app and Big River Running came up as a suggestion. The store itself is pretty tiny and cute but what it lacks in size it makes up for with the quality of merchandise. They were busy when we got there fitting a few people for shoes but we were immediately acknowledged by the friendly staff. Within 20 minutes J had a new pair of shoes that made his super sensitive feet actually feel good and I had found too many items I wanted to purchase. I am sure I will be back whenever I need any more running supplies.
<review# 1810,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/26/2009,1/2/2010,24,53,2,2,1>A friendly warning:  Chimichanga is not the best Mexican food ever.  It is barely even authentic.However, Chimichangas is my 2nd favorite St. Louis establishment for Mexican, and first favorite for price.I usually get the "Special Dinner"  which comes with more items than I can remember, on two huge plates.  I would not call myself a glutton, but I do like to leave a place feeling full, and Chimichanga does the trick.  Their margaritas are excellent as well.  Everyone I've ever taken here has had a great time, including my aunt who used to own and head-chef at a Mexican restaraunt in Colorado.Chimichanga gets my vote for good!
<review# 1811,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/6/2009,1/1/2010,72,20,1,3,2>For a cafeteria style soul food spot, it doesn't get much better than this. Probably the best mac and cheese I've ever had in my life. Two sides? Double order of mac then.  The smothered pork steaks are worth a call before visiting, as they do not have them everyday.  So tender you could eat them with a dull spoon. The staff is incredible and the prices are very affordable, although so much of it looks good the add-ons add up quick! lol  P.S. I also recommend the cobbler.
<review# 1812,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/25/2009,12/30/2009,110,87,7,4,4>Alright so I've been here about half a dozen times or so before actually reviewing it.  Some of my favorite quotes from customers, friends, and yes my dad and little brother."Doesn't this place belong on the other side of the river?""Holy shit the food is pretty good.""These girls know how to work it.  I now know how that old fogey that Anna Nicole Smith (good rest her soul) married felt like.""How in the hell did you know that Fridays are theme days?""I'm moving to St Louis"  -- My 18 year old brother.  OK so the women look like they are waiting for their next turn to take the stage.  There isn't much to leave to the imagination, especially at the table next to the stairs.  Enough about that.  The food is pretty good.  The portions and selections are big (insert sexist joke here) but prices are slightly high, except for the special of the day.  I recently had a steak, buffalo shrimp, and 2 sides for $10.95.  The sides are all extra but they are huge portions.  My favorites so far include..... The cuban, the chili, the zydeco, and the onion rings.  And yes, there are women who do dine here.  Not many but there are some.  Lunch time.... get there early.  Lines can form out the door.
<review# 1813,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/23/2009,12/29/2009,17,67,3,5,5>I thought this was pretty awesome. I got a concrete with marshmallows and Reese's peanut butter cups. Sort of like a DQ blizzard, only better and thicker. And yeah, like the picture depicted on the T-shirts worn by employees (which I also bought -- I know, I'm such a tourist), you can in fact hold it upside down and it won't come out of the cup.However, what blew me away was the line on a Friday night. There must have been 100 people waiting at the handful of windows. It was just a sea of people. The parking lot was packed. Cars kept pulling in. And everywhere you looked, people were mulling around in groups eating their frozen custard. It was like people were waiting for a drive-in movie, or a ballgame or a concert at the Warfield in SF, not frozen custard. If people wait like this for something new and trendy and expensive downtown in San Francisco (a la Slanted Door), you can bet it's overhyped. If people line up en mass for something old, cheap and off the beaten path... you know there's a reason: It's GOOD!twitpic.com/apzq3
<review# 1814,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/17/2009,12/28/2009,15,11,4,5,5>Where else can you listen to live jazz music while perusing the spice aisle? No where else I've been, that's for sure!In the past week, I must have frequented Culinaria about 5 times. There always seems to be an excuse to stop by and pick up an ingredient. It helps that it's merely two blocks from where I live, but still, even if I had to walk further, I would still find an excuse to visit.There's an upstairs area where the wines and the liquors are sold with about a dozen tables where you can just sit, have a drink, and enjoy the live music. Although I haven't had a drink here yet, there's a cozy feel, quite inviting, actually. After speaking to the sales associate in the upstairs area, we were told that we first had to buy a bottle and they would supply the glasses. There was something said about not being permitted to pour the alcohol, but that they can recork anything that has yet to be poured.I've been pretty pleased with their array of brands and their mid range prices, although they don't have the usual McCormick and Schmicks brand of spices that I'm used to from the East Coast (is it a Coast thing, as UTZ chips are...?)at this particular store. Just something I noticed, but not an essential.The produce is always fresh and they have a pretty big selection of meats and fish, which gets me really excited about trying out new recipes!!Speaking of which... it's time for me to make my daily stop in!
<review# 1815,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,12/18/2009,12/27/2009,42,129,4,8,2>First trip to Hanley's, and a pretty good one.  I'll start with reviews of the 3 different entrees our group had, then add some pros/cons afterwards.I had the Chili-Crusted Cod.  The amount of chili gave a nice kick, but the cod was a bit dry.  The lobster ravioli that sat underneath the cod were pretty tasty.  Could have used more asparagus in the dish than what was really there.  I had a mixed greens salad with house vinaigrette that was really tasty.  The dressing was sort of a sweet balsamic, and worked really well with the salty parmesan shavings atop the super-fresh greens.My husband had a steak with Hanley's signature steak fries, which are unlike any "fries" I've ever come across.  They basically consisted of an entire potato, cut into quarters, then topped with melted Swiss and caramelized onions.  Sounds weird, but they were pretty tasty. When the server was describing them, I swear he used the word "julienned."  These were seriously fries on steroids.  Trust me when I say there was NOTHING julienned about them, LOL.Our friend had the buffalo burger, which totally threw him for a loop because it didn't have any buffalo sauce on it.  Our server explained that the burger is basted in buffalo sauce prior to grilling, and that's what makes it "buffalo."  Our friend said that while the burger was really tasty, the buffalo taste really wasn't apparent.PROS - Large wine and beer selection, and the menu was pretty diverse as well.  The atmosphere is nice and cozy.  Price was pretty appopriate for the food we had.CONS - While the servers were attentive and quick with their parts (beverages, check, etc.), the food took FOR-EV-ER to come out.  Seriously... it shouldn't have taken that long on a Thursday night.  Our bugers were ordered medium-well, and I got fish, but it still took way longer than it should have.  Lucky for us, we had plenty of conversation to help pass the time.Overall, a pleasant first experience at Hanley's.  I'd go back - not only is it convenient when you're shopping, but it definitely a good option when you don't want to deal with the food court.  There were plenty of other entrees that I'd like to try, likes pizzas, pastas, burgers and sandwiches.  The reason I didn't give more than 3 stars was because nothing really "wowed" me.
<review# 1816,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/19/2009,12/26/2009,57,42,3,4,2>Luna Lounge has opened up in the old Dogtown Italiano space.  Many of the same people in the kitchen and behind the bar, so I don't know if there was a change of ownership or just a face lift.  Regardless, I'm really a fan.This place has great drinks, reasonably priced and from the two items I've had off the menu - they have a stellar lineup.The babyback ribs I had were freak'n increadible - fall off the bone, melt in your mouth, enliven the taste buds good.  Really a wow for a place that doesn't focus on BBQ.The Lobster/seafood ravioli is better than the standard fare - a-lot!  nicely sauced, meaty, yummy.Was a diverse, enjoyable crowd with very low DB factor (unless I'm the DB).Way to go guys, I'll be back.
<review# 1817,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/19/2009,12/25/2009,122,33,4,8,5>Foam is a great place to hang out. Whether you are a graphic designer on your laptop or hanging out with friends for coffee. They serve THE BEST coffee in town, homemade hummus and they always have some new treat to share. The staff is great, the owner is in and out all of the time and loves meeting all of the people that wander in. I will also go on to say that the decor and sweet tunes they play, added to the above have made it one of my top favorite places to hang in the city. The wine is an average of $5 and they have a nice selection. I highly recommend it!
<review# 1818,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/17/2009,12/24/2009,72,204,3,3,4>I've only been here twice, but I truly can't find anything wrong with this quaint little tea room. I should probably start by saying I've never had their tea or coffee, nor do I like either. If that were different, perhaps my review would be, as well. No matter; onward!My first visit was a few weeks ago when I had the 3-grilled cheese panini and the strawberry salad. This food was spectacular! I don't remember exactly what cheeses were in this sandwich, but it was savory and sweet with a perfect caramelized onion flavor. The strawberry salad was the best I'd ever had. Walnuts, goat cheese, fresh strawberries, and fluffy field greens. You can't go wrong!!I just got back from my second visit and I couldn't resist getting another strawberry salad, but I switched up my sandwich and got a brie and apple panini. The strawberry salad was still stellar, but I wasn't as big a fan of my sandwich. They put a lime marmalade on the bread and it's a very interesting flavor altogether. I liked it, but didn't love it. I think I'm also not as into Brie as I thought I would be. Overall, still a wonderful experience. The prices are comparable to a place like Bread Company, but the food is far superior. The breakfast and lunch menu isn't huge, but with all the outstanding choices, it doesn't need to be. The staff is very friendly and knowledgeable about their products and I have no complaints about them. The food was brought out very promptly on my two visits which had me very pleased. I'll definitely have to go back for some of the pastries and desserts they had in the display cases. The pumpkin gooey cake looked simply amazing!
<review# 1819,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/16/2009,12/23/2009,152,421,2,4,2>Can't believe it took me so long to check out Pickles. Went today and had the Cuban (delish) with a side of red potato & dill potato salad - definitely some of the best potato salad I've ever had. And the bread and butter pickles they gave me as garnish were high-quality homemade. The staff was very friendly and efficient. The prices are a little high, but you get a lot of portion and flavor for your money, so it's worth it. Can't wait to go back and try a couple different sandwiches. This would be very good hangover-cure food. Too bad they're not open on Sundays!
<review# 1820,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/27/2012,3/21/2012,148,364,2,6,5>Oh Happy Days! Jilly's sure has set the bar pretty high for every other cupcake store! This is #2 on my list of places I had to visit during my birthday weekend (#1 was Sasha's on Shaw). I knew months ago that Jilly's had brunch and I heard people rave about how great it was; I needed to experience it myself. I heard rumors about a "Build your own cupcake bar"-ummmm YES please! Count me in! Let me also mention how I had a living social deal for Jilly's-of course I couldn't use it towards brunch, but that was fine by me. I knew I could find something else to spend it on. When we arrived for brunch I noticed how busy it was, I knew there would be a wait. We were told it would be about 30 minutes. While waiting to be seated I was salivating looking at the cupcakes. The cool part is that they have a viewing window so I could watch them being made! How fun. I wanted to eat a cupcake right then, but I knew I needed the food first. We were seated and our server came over to get our drinks. She directed us to the buffet. Now, the buffet was not at all what I expected. It was almost set up like a pot-luck, but I didn't care. I waited in line and the closer I got to the food the more excited I was. I was astonished at how much they had to choose from. I know it was a buffet and of course a buffet always offers variety, but this blew my mind! Muffins, biscuits, eggs, bacon, cabbage rolls, macaroni and cheese, etc. I wanted it all. Of course I only managed to fill 2 plates before I was down for the count. It was so delicious. When I finally finished eating I had to make my own cupcake. The make your own cupcake bar consisted of mini cupcakes, frosting, and toppings. It was so fun to create my own and pretend to play "baker"! Before leaving I had to use my coupon. I decided to try the 12 mini-cupcake variety and I also picked out a larger cupcake-and let me tell you how hard it was to decide on this. I was overwhelmed. I wanted them all. If you get a chance to visit Jilly's I think you should. Whether you go for the cupcakes or the food I am sure you will be happy that you visited! Oh, and I just found out they now have a 2nd location off of Manchester in Des Peres! I'll be visiting that location soon. Cupcakes, you are my life!
<review# 1821,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/4/2012,3/20/2012,54,226,2,9,5>I've been here twice now and it keeps calling my name to come back for more.  I can just hear a pig and a cow in the back whispering, "Bernie come back."  The smell outside wafting from this restaurant is enough to make you stop in and want to dive in.  The number #1 attribute of this place, the specials.  Every night something different, and every night 4 or 5 different specials, a daily meat cut, daily flatbread, daily soup, and some kind of daily fish.  Diverse menu is an understatement and while they are known for their meats, both their fish and poultry dishes are also fantastic.Must have dish - The potted pig, appetizer with pulled pork confeit served cold amongst some pickles, apple raisin chutney, and some pickled radishes and onions.  Even if it sounds scary, just order it.  It's amazing.The service was great very knowledgeable wait staff, timely and friendly, but between the menu and the drinks you forget about everything else.The best part about this place, the value.  With a cocktail, a soup, and an entree you can get out of here with a 5 star meal for $40 after tip.  The beer menu is medium sized and their wine is list is good, but their cocktail menu is creative and original.from the pulled pork, to the rib eye steak this place is delicious up and down.  Deciding what to order is the hardest thing about coming here.
<review# 1822,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/27/2012,3/19/2012,119,513,5,5,7>I'm upgrading from 3 to 4 stars.  Since our first visit shortly after they opened (see previous review), I have now been here two additional times.On visit 2 for lunch, I had the Angus Cheeseburger, which was pretty good.On visit 3 for dinner, I had the Steak Frites, and it - along with some great drinks and superior bartending - will be the reason I come back next time.  The Steak Frites (see pic) had steak cut into slices served atop tempura'd greens atop of fries with slightly more than a drizzling of some sweet sauce (reminded me of a plum sauce) that went superbly with the steak cuts.  It was really very good.The soundtrack in this place (more so at dinnertime) was fun, too.  I was hearing all kinds of songs I hadn't heard in a while (playing from an iPod behind the bar I think), which put me in a great mood, and I was sorry we had to go.So if there are just two of you, I would recommend grabbing a seat at the bar, chatting it up with the friendly bartenders, and ordering a meal from the cool menu's housed inside record album covers.And how can you NOT like a place that posts their hours in the front window for "School Nights" and Non-School Nights.
<review# 1823,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/9/2012,3/18/2012,59,177,7,3,3>Babler is beautiful and it's an excellent close oasis if you want to take a quickie camping trip right outside St Louis. Most Missouri State Parks are gorgeous and this one is no exception. (Some, however, are almost worthless. I am looking at you, Meramec State Park where we literally had to follow the shade of the one lone tree on our campsite on a hot summer's day.) The campsites are each set in little dips so you seemingly have a little privacy. If you are sitting in your campsite, you can't see the other sites. I like that. I like to enjoy nature when camping, not shirtless Bubba swilling his Bud and cursing, belching and farting. And not the meth couple engaged in a screaming match. (Again, I am looking at you, Meramec State Park.) The last time we went to Babler, we were given a warning after we had camp set up that someone was supposedly attacked by a raccoon in their tent. It was a tense night knowing there was a blood-thirsty renegade raccoon on the loose, let me tell you. But we survived and would happily camp there again. It's a beautiful park.
<review# 1824,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/12/2011,3/17/2012,139,268,3,5,5>Best. Ever.I am going to go ahead and give Tucker's 5 Stars because of my experience at the bar. The bartender is absolutely amazing. She was a non-stop riot of filthy, dirty jokes. We had a steak the size of a small child with a baked potato to match. I also ordered hot wings and they were perfect- crispy on the outside, juicy on the inside and just the right amount of sauce. Customer service was out of control awesome. Food came out quickly and steaming hot! Steak was tender and cooked to order. Everything about this experience was awesome. I am so happy to find a low-key, casual restaurant with good food and service. Ambiance can piss off on this one.We came in the past and sat at a table in the dining room. NEVER AGAIN. Fair warning: the bar is for adults.*Tip your bartender! You may get a nice cleavage shot as a reward*
<review# 1825,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/17/2011,3/16/2012,220,464,4,10,10>Great looking new restaurant with a modern saloon theme & huge patio was worth the visit. (Future 5 star)I read about this place & visualized wagon wheels, but experienced many big screen TVs, a shiny colored floor, lots of neon's, brushed metal sides of the main bar and a stage for bands with a DJ's booth.  There is a large concrete patio outside surrounded by a wood fence... I heard plans of future volleyball courts & washer games.The most interesting feature (I am a geek) was the largest pocket door I have ever seen.  The pocket door separated the main area from a rentable (?) or extra back room.Because I work nights- I did not arrive till after 11 PM so I can only write about the night life aspect.  The DJ played a mix of country, rock and some pop with no hip hop, house or techno (I thought the music was a good change).  The sound system had some kicking bass and very clear sound.I have seen many quick openings of places & must say this one was impressive.  Once I eat here & see volleyball courts I will probably go to 5 stars.
<review# 1826,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/2/2012,3/15/2012,396,634,7,9,5>Damn. This place is now on my list of hotspots in the city! Seriously...best Greek food I've ever had. (Shhhh...don't tell the little old ladies back at the hole-in-the-wall church's Greek festival in my hometown that I said that!) Actually I am not Greek nor am I a person who usually seeks out Greek cuisine everywhere I go...so maybe I am not the most reliable source for this type of judgement. But still...STILL.I came here for the first time at an International Supper Club event via Yelp. You should check it out if you've never heard of it before. It's a really nifty little gathering of sorts that's held (generally?) once a month. It's a different restaurant each month and for January, it was Apollonia. It was a Monday night and the place was kind of dead when we got there but a few other tables filled up near our relatively large one as the night progressed. (We got there at around 7pm.)Our waitress did the best she could with our large group and was great at explaining and making suggestions when needed. I, for one, had issues pronouncing a lot of the stuff and I don't think I've ever ordered a gyro before outside of a church Greek festival/international food fest booth before so it was definitely a new experience for me. I picked the least-intense sounding one on the menu (also the cheapest!) as well as the grape leaves which had a Greek name I couldn't pronounce. Dolmades...or something? Anyway. I got two things mostly due to the fact that the last grape leaves I'd had were from a booth at an international fest in tower grove last summer and they were terrrrible. Ugh. So bad. And I was kind of scared. I secretly wondered if all St. Louis grape leaves were that terrible. But thankfully I was wrong! The grape leaves/Dolmades at Apollonia were FANTASTIC. No, really. Like amazingly good. Rich, creamy, lemony...meat and rice cooked to perfection (but not overcooked like so many grape leaves elsewhere suffer from!) Sour yet perfectly savory and seasoned well. To die for! I seriously cracked up when our waitress told us that if they don't cook the grape leaves *JUST* right, they get totally messed up and the cook has to start over again. And lots of shouting ensues. So if she hears shouting from way of the kitchen, it usually means they messed up, haha. Man!When I took a bite out of one I realized I didn't *need* to have ordered the gyro too. But the gyro was like a sort of back-up dish in case I didn't like the grape leaves. This place isn't exactly down the road from me so I wanted to give it two chances, entree-wise, (since it was cheap enough) to see if I liked it or not! I was glad I did because OMG. Gyro was awesome too. And yes, I had leftovers if you were wondering, hehe. It's even tastier the second day, honestly. I ordered some baklava to go for dessert and I had it the following day as a dessert to go with my leftovers. SO CRISPY. FLAKY. SWEET. Amazing! Also the best baklava I've ever had. Mmm. It was so intensely sweet though (as baklava should be...) so I had to break it into three chunks and eat it gradually. They make their own filo dough here and you can really taste the difference. Anyway, this place gets at least 4 stars from me for the awesome experience. The 5th star will be for the next time (or two) that I go there and still have awesome food....because I really value consistency in a restaurant!! As an added bonus, I finally got to meet the very awesome Tracey W. on Monday night which was kind of like meeting your favorite rock band singer in person. I kind of peed my pants with excitement, a little, but don't tell her I said it! ;)
<review# 1827,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/12/2011,3/14/2012,102,159,3,7,4>I'm surprised I haven't written a review on this place yet so let's remedy this misstep. Shaved Duck is AWESOME! Besides the best BBQ and pulled pork in the city (my humble opinion), I was blown away by...the gumbo! As a N'awlins girl, I don't have high praise for any place I've tried so far that says it has creole or cajun food. Blah, blah blah. It's some weird interpretation sort of like Invasion of the Body Snatchers. Perfect facsimile but on heart and soul. That's my take on my Southern food here in the Lou. However, Shaved Duck threw down some serious gumbo (veggie, seafood and sausage) that rocked my Cresent City world. Hells ya! I moved on to the pulled pork flat bread. Carb coma set in. It was that good. I ended with pecan piece topped with a vanilla ice cream. I should rephrase that...I ended with two bites of it.  In between courses, I taste tested my friend's meatloaf and mac & cheese. Yes. Good to go.
<review# 1828,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/17/2011,3/13/2012,41,62,2,5,4>Ladies who lunch...you best be getting your buns here pronto.I met up with an old coworker on Monday. I hadn't been here in a few years. I had Bill's Salad. It was amazing. Crispy chicken upon a bed of mixed greens and a bunch of other stuff tossed in. Kind of like a jazzed up Cobb. Oh boy, was it delicious. It was a little on the pricey side at $11.99 for a lunch salad, but it was worth it.We got in and got out in about 45 minutes. The weather was gorgeous that day, so we opted for outdoor seating. The waitstaff was quick. The salad was heaven. I think I'll need to come back sooner than later.I'd probably just come here with my lady friends though, there is a level of frou-frou ness that my dear husband would not enjoy.
<review# 1829,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/27/2011,3/12/2012,92,237,,5,4>I have ordered from here so many times it is ridiculous.They deliver to my work so this is the go to place for a great salad or burger. (Oh yes the salads.)Food: VERY Good burger. You build your own with many many many toppings to choose from.  My choice? Gouda cheese on my burger with  Roasted Garlic Aiol. YUM!  From mushrooms to fried eggs(SO Bad for you and quite good.. shh don't tell the diet fairy although I think she knows :/ ) Salad: I usually get the Cobb Salad.(Following in quotes from website) "COBB SALAD  Mixed greens, gorgonzola blue, cheese, eggs, tomatoes, bacon, red onions, avocado and our balsamic vinaigrette dressing."  I take a few items off to fit my needs and then you get to pick your protein, of which I choose the grilled chicken of 5 items to choose (Grilled Chicken, Chicken Tenders, Premium Steakburger, Turkey Burger, Veggie Burger.)  8 bucks is a great price for quality. Sides: Some people swear by the Herbed Garlic Fries but I LOVE the Onion rings, although they really just shards more then rings. I was never a fan of onion rings or onion fried of any sort but these are dangerously good. Be warned! (Greasy goodness)Dining In: Very casual dining experience. They have a big flatscreen television on the wall with simple tables and chairs.  Simple but not folding chairs simple.  There is a punchcard to get a free burger/salad after a set amount of times you have ordered from them.I really love this place. Tony delivers more than once to me and he is always fast, efficient, and friendly. TLDR: Great burger. Good salads. Onion rings(shards) are top notch! In Strip mall, the parking lot is down a little incline from Manchester so it is not visible from the road. It is in the same strip mall as Silky's Custard
<review# 1830,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/13/2013,12/21/2013,6,46,2,5,3>Dark and creepy in the best way! I've been in there 4 times now and the folks around and behind the bar are always nice. There's a good mix of customers from chemical engineers to  sweet old wobbley local drunks and every kind of tattoo enthusiast in between. Happy hour prices are good, the veggie philly sandwich and fries were good and I'm anxious to get there on a night when they have live music. I hear that they book a wide range of music except rap/hiphop and pop. Their immediate surroundings seem pretty safe to so I don't feel like i'm in danger when I go there, even alone. I need unusual atmosphere in my bar and this one does it for me.
<review# 1831,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/23/2013,12/20/2013,76,209,2,10,6>Fozzie's is undoubtedly one of the more unique delivery options in a wasteland of pizza and Chinese food.  It's a very welcome addition to the Des Peres/Kirkwood area.  I waited to order from their new location, to allow some time for them to work out some kinks.I ordered the Club Med pita - chicken, zucchini, red peppers, arugula w/ vinaigrette, and it was outstanding.  The htipiti (feta) dip was very good, but quite strong - it was wonderful on the sandwich!  The pita triangles served with it were still warm, despite the 10 minute drive from the store to my house.Delivery was fast & friendly with a reasonable $2 fee.  Fozzies is definitely my new go to for delivery & I look forward to trying some other offerings from their magnificent menu.
<review# 1832,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/23/2013,12/19/2013,91,379,,7,3>For me, this was a great place to celebrate my 50th birthday.  I am in the Loop more than any other area so it was an appropriate place to be.  The rooftop bar always has a fun cool vibe, the best view of the Loop, especially at sunset.  I am being a bit generous too on this night because service could have been friendlier and the food better so it can be a hit and miss, but on this night, it was a great time.  Get there by 7 and seating should not be a problem (I was there on a Friday).  Come much later, even with the new west roof addition, you may be out of luck, but still go.
<review# 1833,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/1/2013,12/18/2013,156,339,4,6,3>Wow. Amazing new addition to the Loop. I was skeptical when I heard about Piccione but after sitting down in it for a few minutes (and snacking on a cannolo), I was sold. This place reminds me that the Loop is one awesome area.Comfortable seating inside, nice branding, huge display of sweet treats. The coffee was also good. Interesting people watching -- what will they do with the old Church's Chicken building? Right now, the adjoining intersection is a bit of a bear to cross, but wait until Washington University's had its way with it. It'll get there sooner or later.(Who do I have to contact to get a Piccione-Mission Taco collaboration going, by the way?)Can't wait to come back. So glad it's open late. Welcome to the Loop, Piccione.
<review# 1834,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/20/2013,12/17/2013,54,76,5,6,4>I had the water company out to check for a potential leak and they asked for the water to be turned off from the inside. During the process of turning it off the valve broke and then our house had no water. I called my dad who is a retired plumber and the problem sounded a little too complicated for him and he gave me a couple of names. It was after hours and after reviewing Tony LaMartina's website and reading reviews on Yelp, I left a message and filled out their online contact form that I needed someone at my house ASAP in the morning to get our water back on. I talked to Tony and though they were swamped, he thought a plumber could get to my house around 11-12. I was pleasantly surprised when the plumber, Jim, arrived at 10:00. He entered our home wearing booties and was professional. The water was back on and it would require another visit for a permanent fix to the stop waste valve. I was so happy our water was back on! I scheduled the appt a few days later for the valve to be permanently fixed. I scheduled the appt for 7:00 a.m. Jim arrived promptly and did the job professionally. I will definitely call Tony LaMartina plumbing for any future plumbing needs. I helped with my dad's plumbing business during high school and college and I was very impressed with the website, professionalism, and that customer satisfaction is important to them.
<review# 1835,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/19/2013,12/16/2013,119,513,2,5,5>The lounge was super-comfortable with cushy stools at the bar and the cutest popcorn bag candle holders!  There was a wide variety of drinks and beers to choose from.  We had the cocktail-sized version of the Pineapple Upside Down Cake cocktail, which was delicious.  Just before entering the theater, we purchased a large Urban Chestnut Zwickel draft (normally only $4) for only $3 during Happy Hour and were allowed to take them into the theater with us.  What a seriously great deal!Chips and Salsa = 3.5/5, sometimes large tomato chunks were good and fresh but hard to get on a chipFlatbread Pizzas = 3/5 average among all flavors, had several pizzas, my friend loved the BBQ Chicken, Mozzarella and Zucchini & Squash versions were okSouthwest Chipotle Chicken Wrap = 3/5, decent but had a spicy kick I don't think I could handle for more than a few bitesChicken Caesar Wrap = 3.5/5, my friend thought this one was pretty tastyStrawberry Shortcake = 4.4/5, I like their take on this!Popcorn = 3/5, popcorn seemed a little too salty for me, maybe needed more butter?  :)  Also, would be great if the small popcorn came in a cup size that fit in the drink holder in the theater.Zwickel Draft = 5/5, good portion, ice cold, great tasting, a bargain at $3 during happy hour or $4 normallyPineapple Upside Down Cake cocktail = 4/5, tasty enough to be 5/5 but would have liked to see cocktail prices come down maybe $1Once in the theater, the seats were large and comfy in sets of two with a drink holder on both the outer armrests and one in the middle, which would have been perfect for the small popcorn cup had it fit in there.  There are decent size tables connected to each chair that swivel and can be pushed out in front of you or off to the side.  Picture and sound was great.  Using the e-tab to order the popcorn was super-easy, and you could swipe your credit card right there on the e-tablet.  Too cool!  Also, plenty of room in front of you for people to move and don't have to step over people to get out to the bathroom.  So worth it!Every single employee was very, very nice and eager to make the experience a pleasant one!  I'd definitely come back!Oh, and the garage parking is very convenient!
<review# 1836,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/8/2013,12/15/2013,36,74,4,5,5>Last night The Hubby and I joined his parents, uncles and a few distant cousins for a family get-together at Harvest. This was my first time dining here, although I've been meaning to come for quite awhile. It was just as good as I'd heard!  While it is true that the service was on the slow side, it's not from poor service... it's the way they seem to do things there. This is not meant to be fast food, it is meant to be an experience. So go with time to spare and sit back, enjoy the company you are with and the food you are being presented.When I brought up my gluten allergy to the waitress she knew exactly what I could and could not have. Refreshing! Not only did she know about it, she said the chef's child had Celiacs so he was more than aware how to properly cook for me. With that bit of info I picked my item off the menu and let the chef substitute as needed. It was wonderful! All of it. The Chilled Tomato Soup and Roasted Beet Salad to start. The Rainbow Trout with fingerling potatoes instead of the gnocchi. And to finish, the Honey Panna Cotta. Everyone at the table was happy with all their dishes. Beverages seemed to refill on their own. Wine was never left empty. Waitstaff was knowledgable, helpful and very nice. Our large party was handled so smoothly it felt effortless.The Hubby and I left wondering why we hadn't been here sooner. We will certainly be coming back.
<review# 1837,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/13/2013,12/14/2013,396,634,8,12,7>Fantastic new place with a really nifty location. I seriously would not have realized there's a restaurant here if Stewart P. hadn't told me! Not gonna lie, though, there's something that bugs me about seeing the rock climbing people below us....I think it has to do with the fact that I never work out, so I felt incredibly guilty staring down at them sweating and toiling away, trying to scale that massive expanse of a fake rock while my fat ass was lounging around sipping booze and stuffing my face, lol...I digress....but yeah. I feel the need to preface this review with a statement reflecting the fact that the food I had here the other night was partially free....not because I am a Yelper, but because they were doing two free dishes the first few nights after they opened...I guess as a special promotion to get people to try the place. So that being said...I did pay for the cocktail I ordered ($10) and Stewart paid for the 3rd dish (dessert) he ordered.Many things on the menu sounded good but I opted for the lobster (small plate) and the risotto (large plate.) I also opted to try a cocktail which was not included, as I mentioned, but I was excited to try one regardless because $10 is what I typically pay at a place such as Taste or Sanctuaria for a fantastic mixology drink. Unfortunately, I was not impressed with the drink I ordered. The name of it escapes me but it's the one with rum in it (there's only one drink on their cocktail menu with rum, FYI.) The initial sip was great but the finish was...watery. I don't know how that was even possible but I barely even got a buzz from it. Kind of a bummer. It was sweet at first, with a hint of tart which is perfect (in my book) but the finish, like I said, was lacking. Maybe the ice melted too fast? At any rate, definitely not worth the $10, sadly. Maybe I should have picked a different drink? They had a decent beer and wine selection too...The lobster was truly incredible. Very delicious. Tender and buttery and almost melt-in-your-mouth. Unfortunately, there was a rather sizable chunk of shell in one of the pieces I ate and I had to awkwardly pick it out of the chewed up wad using my napkin (sorry for being gross, Stewart) and it was really just...a buzzkill to the texture and overall lobster-eating experience. I didn't want to risk swallowing something that big and that hard, though. (Cue that's what she said jokes!) Also, the portion was TINY. I don't recall how much this cost (there's no menu on their website yet and derpy me forgot to snap a photo for reference later on) but I want to say it was between $15 - $17. That's a lot of freakin' cash to spend on a few hunks of lobster (see photo) ...Albeit amazingly delicious lobster but still... At the risk of sounding like a stereotypical American: I can't say I would spend that much money on such little food!Stewart ordered a beef dish for his small plate (forgot what it was called, but see photo.) It was also incredible and they obviously know how to expertly blend flavors together at Element...something to be said for that.My large plate was the risotto, and it was probably the star of the evening for me due to the fact that there was a bit more food than the lobster which meant that I could enjoy the amazing taste that much longer, (but also cost just as much if not more, I can't remember) and the flavors were equally mind-blowing. Unfortunately I did gag a little bit on the pea shoots/sprouts that were on top of the risotto. Maybe I was just having bad luck that night with swallowing things? (again, cue that's what she said!) or maybe I was just ravenous still since the lobster didn't fill me up and ate too fast. Either way, another buzzkill. Probably more my fault on that one than theirs, though, lol. Stewart opted for the halibut which wasn't anywhere near as good as any of the other three dishes I'd already tried that evening. The textures were good but the flavor didn't really float my boat. It also appeared to be more like a stew and I was surprised they didn't bring a spoon. I probably would have asked for one, stew-art (ha ha see what I did there) but either way, I am glad that he seemed to thoroughly enjoy it.Stewart decided to order a dessert and I want to say it was some kind of apple dessert...it had an AMAZING lemon curd sauce on it which I wish I had the recipe for. Unfortunately, though, the dessert cost around $7-8 and it was TINY. I literally almost laughed out loud when I saw it on the plate. (And they use HUGE plates here so they really dwarf the food and make the small portion sizes look even smaller.) The entire dessert could literally be consumed in a bite or two. Since it was split in half for us to share, I actually did eat it in one bite!The verdict? 3.5 stars. I bumped them up to 4 because the service was pretty good, the location is creative (and I didn't even see the lounge in-person yet!), and  the flavors were incredible!But the bad? Too damn expensive. :(
<review# 1838,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/2/2013,12/13/2013,117,126,11,9,8>Let's get honest - I'm not having a baby any time soon. I'm not even close to entering into the lifelong contract of mutual suffering known as marriage, and I'm still trying to shed stretch marks from the summer of my 7th grade when I discovered soda and snack cakes. So I think I'm going to register at City Sprouts for my 29th birthday, because I want to own everything.in.this.store. For myself.A turtle that sounds like the ocean? I'll take two. An adorable honey bear mobile that plays lullabies? That has GOT to be better for my sleeping environment than passing out to TMZ in a red wine haze. Box it up.Why, look at these snarky little baby t-shirts! Poop Factory? Future Prom King? My 10 lb cat is BOTH of those things and fits into infant-wear quite nicely, which I believe is no coincidence. One of each, please.City Sprouts doesn't make me want to have a child. But it does make me want to buy things for YOUR children. Or for the children I'll never have. Whatever.
<review# 1839,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/9/2013,12/12/2013,185,237,26,14,13>I don't like you , but I love you . . .Park Chop Suey reminds me of an ex girlfriend that you just can't let go.  Sure, she was mean to you.  Yeah, she probably cheated on you with a far-lesser man or men.  Did she steal your favorite t-shirt?  Absolutely!   But you just keep coming back for more.I was in the mood for Chinese, which isn't all that unusual, so I decided to take a chance on Park Chop Suey.  When I arrived in the nearly abandoned parking lot on the corner or Gun Shot and Stab Wound, I was already having regrets.  I hadn't even made an order yet.  I could have ran without any ties to this place.  But I couldn't say no.I entered the empty room to find a giant menu and two chairs placed in the corner for brave carry out patrons.  I could see clearly into the kitchen area, where one worker seemed to be cooking away.  I didn't even notice the other clerk until I leaned over the counter.  I didn't even move when he saw me, just continued to talk on the phone.Meanwhile, I browsed the menu, trying to plot out my order.  Finally, he addressed me after taking another phone call.  I made inquiries, and he responded in broken English.  Once I was satisfied with his information, I made my order, asking for combo plates of Sesame Chicken and General Chicken.  The combo plates came with fried rice, soup, and an appetizer.  He didn't ask me which appetizer I wanted.  "Can I get crab rangoon?" I asked rather pensively."Too late," he snapped.  "It will cost you extra."He showed me a hand menu, which wasn't sitting out, and explained how each combo plate had set appetizers.  Crab rangoon would be 55 cent more each, and the minimum debit card purchase was ten dollars.  He had already ran my card, and I didn't have any cash.Annoyed and hot from sitting in the lobby, I took the food home.  Much to my surprise, the chicken was actually pretty good!  It actually tasted like chicken, and the sauces were better than most that we've come across in our time in St. Louis.  Also, I was a big fan of the rice.Park Chop Suey, I know that we got off on the wrong foot, but, baby, can we work this out?  Maybe next time we can meet at my place, if you're not busy tomorrow night . . .
<review# 1840,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/9/2012,7/23/2012,111,674,2,5,4>I came here with a group of friends & the bf one night for a late dinner.  I ordered the batura on the suggestion of the waiter (who happened to be the owner's son).  Boy, was he right!  It was good!  Kind of tasted like a funnel cake.  Hello foodgasm!  I got the mixed tandoori.  This dish was freaking awesome!  As usual, I got the pappadums & am truly in love with the tamarind dipping sauce.  Many more foodgasms followed upon tasting of the mixed tandoori & pappadums.  Service was great as usual.
<review# 1841,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/26/2011,7/22/2012,54,226,3,7,4>The most interesting part about this is that I complete concur with all the previous reviews and I'm review a public service location.Short wait - YesHelpful staff - YesAbility to accomplish multiple tasks in the same visit - YesAppropriate forms to be filled out on hand - YesTypical of any other experience I've had with the DMV or any public service office for that matter??? ABSOLUTELY NOT.Generally I'd rather go have dental surgery or go to a animal rights rally wearing a meat suit than visit the DMV, but I've been 3 times.  License, Registration, and replacement license, all 3 times I felt like I walked out victorious.
<review# 1842,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/22/2012,7/21/2012,48,157,3,5,6>Um, what isn't to love about our super awesome fantabulous zoo inside of our super awesome fantabulous Forrest Park? Favorite Things:- FREE!!! - Penguin House (and the one time I was in line and the penguins were feelin frisky and bringing Animal Planet to life)- The Hippo even though he wasn't out last week (I miss you hippo, come play)- The new Sea Lion area (yeah, it's not done but it's gonna be AWESOME!- The architecture of of the Primate House and Reptile House - The plexiglass that separates me and the giant boa constructor or whatever the eff kind of snake that thing is. I would be lunch. - Pretty much everything.
<review# 1843,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/12/2012,7/20/2012,35,209,3,8,6>I have been coming here for quite a while, its an incredible little find that is nestled in the middle of the Shaw neighborhood.  if your into home cooking and southern style cooking then this is your place.   I have tried many things on the menu but the one thing that stands out the most is the Chicken and Dumplings.They may take a little longer on getting the food out to you, but with all honesty, it is so worth the wait. not everything takes a while, but if you do order the dumplings they are made to order.  Their menu covers everything from burgers to entrees,  and the prices are equivalent to the portions and again well worth it.The tasty food doesn't stop at dinner either, they have a few of some of the best desserts, ranging from sweet potato pie to the best banana pudding I have tasted since my own moms.They offer take out and delivery and they recently started serving breakfast on Saturdays, which is just one more good thing I can say about this place. a definite favorite place of mine..
<review# 1844,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/16/2012,7/19/2012,66,605,,7,4>Like the other Trader Joe's stores, great selection of cool and good stuff.  My kids love the root beer selection.  The staff are friendly and helpful, and most seem to know a lot about the store's offerings.I visit this location most frequently, in the St Louis area (though, I'm not a 'regular', by any means ... at least, not yet).  Funny story about the cool-ness of the staff.  The other day, I was checking out with my root beer and some snacks, and the woman at the register started singing some song that wasn't the PA system muzak track (she had her personal soundtrack rockin' in her brain) ... singing the lyrics, full on, a cappella.  She got a couple of stanza's into her thing, and then stops and asks if I'm ready for the weekend, and we have a pleasant, short conversation about her plans with her nieces.  Great stuff!  These are the free spirited people I want to go and shop with.The next time I went, and the gentleman at the register - noting that I'm buying root beer - asks if I've ever tried a particular brand, and it happens to be one which the store doesn't carry.  He says its the best he's ever had, doesn't know where to get it, but we both know that means checking the internet.  I like that honest, knowledgable conversation.I realize it is a grocery store.  But, this store is staffed with some great people.
<review# 1845,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/28/2011,7/18/2012,139,268,8,7,5>YEAUUUHI was having a serious meltdown yesterday. Wings and fries were the only thing that would cure my urge to violently attack my boss or anyone in a 20 foot radius of my office. I was cranky and hungry and it was serious.I used MY AWESOME MONOCLE YELP APP to find Wing Stop. It was my first time, and I was a little nervous. I was greeted immediately by a friendly face who recommended a combo. There were 6+ flavors to choose from:  Hot, Cajun, Regular, Mild, Parm Garlic, some sort of Teriyaki and a few more but I can't remember. I went with the standard Regular Hot Sauce Combo. It came with a huge serving of fries, fresh cut and sprinkled with a touch of salt and brown sugar. I got 10 wings, a side of ranch and a medium soda. The whole deal was less than $10. My buffet loving belly couldn't finish all that food!The cashier told me her name and that my food would be up in 14 minutes; I didn't time her but I know it was more like 10 minutes.
<review# 1846,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/9/2012,7/17/2012,36,255,,7,5>I am a sandwich FIEND- I'm actually eating one right now as I write this, lol. And Nora's does it SOOO WELLL!!! Decor: It's a medium-sized place, pretty basic with wooden booths and tables and limited lighting (Come to think of it.. I don't even know if they had lights on in the place when I went; maybe used just natural sunlight). They also have this HUGE chalkboard menu that lists all the delectables that your heart desires :)Service: Order up front, grab a seat and grub on. Takeout is super easy too.Food: I have NEVER been disappointed by their sandwiches- NEVER. Super tasty, compact and just so easy (read: gobbled down quickly) to eat. They have some great combos, i.e. apples and brie with meat, interesting vegetarian options, etc. I've taken friends here who have also been impressed.Overall: If you don't have a full tummy from one, get another!! They're so good you just shouldn't stop :) Quick, tasty and delicious- can anyone say yes please???
<review# 1847,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/11/2012,7/16/2012,50,74,3,6,4>I know, I know... I'm reviewing a hardware store.  But seriously, this place is awesome.  Yes, it's literally 2 minutes from my house, but that's not what makes this place great.  The people that work here are super nice.  I've gotten pretty much everything from Christmas lights to peony plants at this Ace location, and they have been nothing but friendly and helpful during every one of my visits.  I am always asked if I need help out to my car, and since I always seem to leave this place with absurdly large items, it's so nice to know that I won't have to try and lug 6 bags of cedar mulch into my car all by myself.  Westlake Ace, I love you almost as much as I love butter... and that's a whole hell of a lot.
<review# 1848,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/29/2011,7/15/2012,28,97,10,6,7>So I am probably very biased here, but Milo's may be the best bar in STL. First off, it is located at my favorite intersection in the city. The Corner of Marconi and Wilson. NE corner is Amighetti's Deli which has been making unbelievable sandwiches since Jesus wore short pants. On the SE corner you have the beautiful St. Ambrose Church, along with the famous statue of the Italian immigrants. On the SW Corner you have Gelato Del Riso which is owned by a good friend of mine and serves the best gelato west of Rome. And finally  MIlo's Bocce ball and Tavern is on the NW corner. This place is a great gem in STL. First off it has one of the best outside patio area's around. It has a fulled covered, 2 lane Bocce Ball court that is a blast to play on. The neighborhood has become much more, shall we say, "outsider friendly" and you can even sign up for leagues there in the summer, without being a neighborhood guy. The inside is fun and it gets rocking every night. There is a great local flavor here and you are going to run into some great characters. Drinks are very strong and bartenders/owners are wonderful people.If you like STL style provel thin crust, then you will love the pizza. Also don't be afraid to order the grilled wings and the steak sando. Both are excellent.Best story from Milo's:I was pre-gaming here with friends before Game 6 of the World Series and as we were leaving to head downtown, a group of 8-10 Rangers fans were seated inside at a table. My friend and I took a big "double take" and i think I said, "Holy shit" as in that was the last thing I expected to see. Noticing my surprise and disgusted look they start laughing and one of the guys says with a certain amount of South of the Mason Dixon line smugness..."Keep walking, we also brought our guns from Texas"Without missing a beat, a regular who will remain nameless happened to be walking to the bathroom, stops and says"Don't worry, our guns are bigger and we know the spots to bury you with lime in the back room where everything will disappear, including that gay F&^#*#ing cowboy hat. Enjoy the game"I wish I could have snapped a photo on the collective look at the table. Classic. Ended up coming back here after Game 7 and closed the place down. This place is a surefire can't miss for any true St. Louisan.
<review# 1849,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/5/2012,7/14/2012,92,237,4,14,8>They are always very helpful and knowledgable. I have never been to a more knowledgable  staffed nutrition shop in my life.They are always very friendly and help you in a non-pushy way. And how they manage to have really nice, muscled, knowledgeable guys here every single time I come here, a different guy each time, amazes me.Obviously I have been going to the wrong place!TLDR: Very nice, knowledgeable, nad helpful staff with vitamins and supplements. A nice surprise.
<review# 1850,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/18/2010,10/7/2010,80,266,5,6,7>After weeks of Healthy Life Bagels with reduced fat peanut butter, sometimes you want a little bit of bacon. So I loaded Tricia in the car and we headed to Jefferson Avenue Bistro, which is supposed to have a great breakfast. To be honest, the only reason we haven't been sooner is because it's a smoking establishment, and I really have a hard time with cigarette smoke. But damn it, I wanted cheap bacon.As others have pointed out, you really get your money's worth here. I had a breakfast burrito that must have had at least 4 eggs in it besides the other stuff, a side of bacon for a whole buck seventy-five (I think) and some damned good coffee. Our waitress was as friendly as could be, and the cook came out to make sure everything was to our liking. That's what got me...the staff cares what you think.So we'll be back. And with warmer weather coming, we can utilize the outside seating and avoid the smoke.
<review# 1851,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/9/2010,10/6/2010,75,425,7,4,7>There are many little things that bring me pleasure, but more than most is someone having food envy of what I ordered. I'll say it up front, I'm a cautious order-er, I sometimes put more thought into my dinner choice than I do say paying my taxes or what to buy my mother for her birthday. So it pays off when I end up with the best dish at the table. That dish was a grilled cheese. Now this isn't your mom's grilled cheese (as good as that may be). This masterpiece has smoked mozzarella, cheddar, honey glazed apples, rosemary aioli, lettuce, and tomato. The aioli wasn't over powering or uber-mayo-esque, rather it added a little seasoning to the mix of sweet (apples) with savory (cheddar). Now I'm no chef, but I added bacon to this and I should give myself a few stars for the choice. This sandwich was wonderful and I look forward to indulging again. The beer was cold (could have been colder) the hummus app ($3 during happy hour) was delicate and tasty. Wings... well, the char flavoring was lost on me, they just tasted a little burnt. But everything else was great.. did I mention the little back patio? Wonderful little escape.
<review# 1852,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/31/2010,10/5/2010,175,44,6,4,6>I sat through a three hour continuing education photography class on an empty stomach.After class I bolted to the car, fished my parents' GPS out of the console. With trembling hands, turned it on. Search. Restaurants. Fast Food. (It was an emergency, ok?)Burger King? No.Mc Donalds? No.Taco Bell? Hell no.Jack in the Box? Maybe.Hardees? No.Porters? Porters. Porters. That sounds familiar. I think I saw it on Yelp. I think it's local. I think it's fried chicken. Set as Destination.It was raining (I'm with you Craig B., what it is about rainy days and fried chicken?) but I got there in no time. I ran inside, elated to see that my subconscious had been correct, I had seen it on Yelp and it was indeed fried chicken. I asked the girl whether I should get the tenders or the pieces and she responded without hesitation, "tenders." Tenders it was, with fries instead of mashed, cole slaw, and Dr. Pepper (of course.)I sat shivering in a booth (it was freezing inside, but it's an old place and I like that) and waited for my food. When she brought it I wanted to hug her. I ate it as fast as my cold shaking hands would let me. It was delicious. I dipped my tenders in honey mustard but next time I will ask for gravy. It does not take the place of Bush's in Waco for me, but Porter's is a winner through and through.
<review# 1853,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,8/29/2010,10/4/2010,55,255,5,6,3>I went here with my parents, as you may already know if you read "Paul K's" review.  My mother had a good brunch experience at Vin de Set, their sister restaurant, and all of us were interested in trying one of the two restaurants for dinner.  For reasons I don't recall, we chose 1111 Mississippi over Vin de Set (maybe because of the slightly better Yelp reviews).Anyway.  Eh.  It was so-so.We started off with the stuffed artichoke bottoms, which were filled with Italian sausage and other stuff that I forget.  I thought that the artichoke-to-stuffing ratio was skewed too much towards the artichoke, which drowned out any flavor that the stuffing might have contributed.The bread reminded me of angel food cake without the sugar.  It was tall, white in color, and light-tasting.  Different, but good.  And filling.I ordered their salad of the day, which had fried green tomatoes, fresh mozzarella, and a few cherry tomatoes.  Pretty good.  Believe it or not, I've never had fried green tomatoes before, and although they weren't bad I don't see why southerners get that excited about them.Feeling like trying something new, I ordered the braised rabbit.  I was hoping to get some indistinguishable chunks of rabbit in a braising liquid, but just my luck I got what was clearly identifiable as the legs of a poor widdle bunny wabbit.What I remember most about the rabbit was the bones.  On several occasions, I got a piece of a bone in my mouth.  I have yet to find a good way of elegantly removing a piece of bone from my mouth, so I'm sure I looked really classy pulling the bones from my mouth and setting them on the plate.As far as the flavor goes, it was all right.  It tasted like dark meat poultry and was very moist (but it was braised, so I would certainly hope so).  However, it was pretty bland other than that.  The braising liquid didn't seem to contribute a whole lot of flavor.  The cheesy polenta that it came with, on the other hand, was pretty good.I had a bite of my wife's penne and thought it had a fishy aftertaste.  She disagrees strongly with me, and liked it a lot.  But, as I like to say, if she wants her opinion to count then she can sign up for Yelp and write her own review :)
<review# 1854,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/14/2010,10/3/2010,156,339,4,6,5>If you asked me to give you a St. Louis ice cream recommendation, I'd probably be quick to refer you to Ted Drewes.  It's classic, delicious, and deeply River City.  But when I've got a hankering for ice cream, more often than not I find myself heading toward the loop for Fro Yo.Why?The variety!  The selection!  The atmosphere!  The prices!  There's nothing not to like about this place, where you can choose between fruit toppings and brownie chunks, cheesecake yogurt or tart sorbet.  And if you're worried about the enormous and expensive sizes found at other locations, have no fear at Fro Yo-- at $0.40 per ounce, you pay exactly what you care to.What are the downsides of coming to Fro Yo?  I'm not all too sure.  I guess the place can be crowded often, both inside and out.  Lines can be long, too, although they move quickly.  And it's all too easy to go in expecting to spend $2.00 and drop $6.50 on a huge and delicious cool treat!If you're on the Loop, definitely stop by Fro Yo if you're in the mood for dessert.  Then, stop by Phoenix Rising, which is right next door.
<review# 1855,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/31/2010,10/1/2010,82,85,2,6,6>I am a huge ice cream snob, and Serendipity is, by far, my favorite place to get a big bowl of icy, creamy, goodness!  I will work out for twice as long if it means I can indulge in a dish of swiss chocolate chip/cinnnamon afterwards!  I was obsessed with including ice cream in my wedding, and Becky was so nice and easy to work with to help me have their ice cream on our big day.  Even though my wedding was waaay out of the city, they had the ice cream there, frozen, and ready to go without any fuss!  Which, any bride knows, means A LOT coming from wedding vendors!It may be a little more expensive than competitors, but it is worth the few extra dollars and extra calories every now and then!
<review# 1856,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/7/2010,9/30/2010,207,169,11,8,10>What could I say that could enlighten your view of Coffee Cartel that 46 reviews already haven't?How about this?If you read the Evening Whirl, take it to Coffee Cartel in the evening, and sit outside. There, at the crossroads of the melting pot of Midwestern America, sit down, enjoy whatever beverage Bluto helped you pick out, and read aloud the stories of strife, murder, rape, thievery, prostitution, drug trafficking, gangstaz, mobstaz, whirl girls, shootouts, and beat downs.It is only then that the quality of your coffee or the price of your pleasure won't matter.  Coffee Cartel isn't a place for studying, it's for Facebooking, smoking, plaid short counting, and wasting time. The atmosphere is ripe for storytelling, and what better place to consume your evening with killings and coffee than here, the seesaw sidewalks of the Coffee Cartel?
<review# 1857,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/16/2010,9/29/2010,213,311,5,4,3>So my boyfriend is from "The Jerzzzz", so he is the true east coast pizza food critic. I, however, thought the place rocked!! It rocked so much, it's Jersey "fist pump" worthy!First off, the place is just so darn cute!! All the family pics on the wall from the shore and pics of famous people from NJ. It's a small place, but I really loved that about it. They are not trying to impress anyone by the look of it. Good food and friendly service is the name of their game. The owner came out and said hello and we found out that she's actually from the same town in NJ as my bf! Small world!!!We has the authentic "Taylor Ham" sandwich with swiss and a slice of the classic NJ pie. Fingerlicking good! We also tried their zeppoles (fried dough) dessert and those were also deeelish!They serve Schafly beer on tap and have a nice patio perfect for enjoying the wonderful smells of fresh beer from the AB brewery.What was the deciding factor on getting a 5-star review? The paper table cloths and a box of crayons of course! What's better than a mad game of tic-tac-toe or hangman to entertain you while you wait?  Cannot wait to come back and try more!
<review# 1858,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/1/2010,9/28/2010,513,774,4,7,5>Why oh why can't I go in a grocery store for what I come in for?Because Straub's has such an excellent selection that "normal stores" do not have. (But they do not have "normal prices either.")On my list was: Stuffed Porkloin and Citizen Kane SeasoningWhat I came out with is Ciabatta and all the stuff to make Tres Colores, Miss Huitton's cake, which is to die for, Some Nice Italian Wine (which is now my fav), and these amazing little jalapeno stuffed shrimp from the meat department! So if your looking for different or tad bit gourmet this is the place to go. Just make sure you go on a payday.
<review# 1859,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/3/2010,9/27/2010,25,45,6,8,5>So, normally I brunch on weekends at places that serve eggs, pancakes and coffee.  But OH NO.  My friends who were joining me this weekend HAD to have dim sum.  Um...huh?  Yes, that's right.  For brunch (you know, the hoity toity weekend meal with mimosas and eggs benedict?), these peeps needed some good ol' steamed Asian grub.  "FINE," I said, "but not at friggin' Lulu's!"So, we went to Wonton King.I have lived in U. City for, like, six years and have never really noticed this little dim sum joint on Olive.  Well, now I have found it...and papa is goin' back!Now, if you've never done the dim sum thing, like me, you have no clue what to do.  We sat down, and I immediately looked for a menu.  Um, no.  Here at Wonton King, they just walk around with carts and carts and trays full of stuff that you can "purchase" off the cart and eat.  Imagine that...a ROLLING BUFFET!  Totally dig it.  Since we didn't know what was what, we just kinda sorta ordered everything...and it was delish.My faves were the little steamed or baked rolls full of stuff like bbq pork or shrimp.  I also liked the stir fried turnip dish thing.  Um...yes, I know "turnip," but really, very good.  We had a smattering of other wonderful things, and upon return, I'll order them all...except for the pork ribs since it was too greasy for my tastes.The staff was uber-friendly and helpful, the place was busy but not overwhelming, and the food was great.  I probably could have eaten there for a lot less, but, um, why?  It was too good.P.S. There was a little bit of egg in the turnip dish, so I suppose this could officially qualify as a "brunch" place, but whatever.
<review# 1860,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/7/2013,8/3/2013,107,82,4,11,6>This ... this is a happy place.I could say it's a great gym, but it's more like an awesome adult playground where cool kids go to hang out. (What is it about rock climbing that generally attracts the most laid-back people?). The staff are upbeat, friendly, helpful, and most importantly, genuinely welcoming to newcomers. Michelle at the front desk is super nice and great at answering questions.The other climbers are sociable, and there's a neat sense of camaraderie here that isn't present everywhere you go to work out ... People who are taking a water break WILL watch you while you're on the bouldering wall, but you'll know they're rooting for you. I'd say it's a great place to meet people, if you're a gregarious sort of character yourself.As for the facility itself, there's not much to NOT love. A lot of bouldering space ranging from V0 to V12 with corners, overhangs and this weird, giant bulging bubble shape that I've watched a few gravity-defying individuals crawl across sideways. The lead climbing wall is multiple stories tall and looks terrifying. There are even six autobelays, which are a godsend for newbies and those wanting to scale greater heights solo. Those routes range from 5.7 to 11+. Even if you've never climbed using a harness before, a staff member can show you the ropes (har har), and you'll be ready to start climbing with the autobelay.Day passes are $15 without rental (shoes, chalk, harness etc.), but you can get a 10-visit punch pass for $120 ($180 for 10 visits + rental equipment). Basic memberships begin at $59 a month, and I believe they have student discounts for those. They also have regularly scheduled classes for you to learn rope skills, as well as other fitness classes like yoga.Oh, and the busiest times are after 5 p.m. on gloomy weather days. Have fun!
<review# 1861,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/18/2013,8/2/2013,193,50,4,10,8>So the Blank Space...What is it?Really it's whatever you want it to be. It acts as a community space for anyone who needs it. Those needs may include an all vinyl DJ party, movie nights, and even Punk shows. Poetry readings and even public forums are apart of the Blank Space's DNA. I've been several times and have always had an enjoyable experience. In addition, the venue just gained it's full liquor license. So what makes this place special?Well first off, it's a old spilt level house and it looks beautiful. The wall of books along the back wall are very neat (FYI: The books are donated from friends of the venue).  Like other venues on Cherokee Street, you can buy vinyl here as well. The upstairs is closed off but the downstairs and main levels are were the events take place. The basement is well...a basement. It's not a very large room but it is good enough. You'll have the feeling that you are in some kind of exclusive house party. So if you tend not to do well with tight spaces, the basement might not be ideal. Usually the upstairs has a good amount of space but sometimes it can get tight.Pricing wise it can vary. $5 to $15 at the very most and it depends on the acts or type of show. During the day, they serve tea and drinks as needed. I have heard a juicer is coming soon as well for those looking. Drinks are pretty cheap, there is plenty of Stag and PBR on deck also there is a fair amount of hard liquor available if that's your poison. All in all, it's very cheap. Also the people there are always willing to take suggestions on how to run things better. Again, the idea is that it's a community space. Everyone is welcomed.The Blank Space crew have turned the former home of Cranky Yellow into a home for St. Louis artists of all types. The place has a very welcoming  feel to it, the ladies and gentlemen who keep the place running are commended for offering a space like this in St. Louis. I can not think of many places that offer a space to fit your needs, no matter what it is. If you want to see the best local artists in St. Louis, check out the Blank Space on any given night.
<review# 1862,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/9/2013,8/1/2013,116,188,3,9,6>Aww yeah!  Fortel's is pretty freakin great for many reasons.First off is their pizza crust.  It's thin and crispy, yet can stand up to a bunch of toppings, cheese, and sauce. It's made fresh every day.  For me, it's ideal.  Also, they square cut the pizza, which I appreciate.  Gluten-free crust is also available for an extra $5.Secondly .. they offer BROCCOLI as a topping! I am a huge broccoli on pizza fan, and it is nearly impossible to find this anywhere else in this city.  The topping selection is HUGE, and also includes options like eggplant, sauerkraut, spinach, meatballs, and artichoke hearts.  Check the online menu for the full list.Thirdly .. they really pile on the toppings.  I'm a toppings guy so this is a big deal for me.  They are evenly distributed on the pizza, and the toppings/sauce/cheese ratio is just perfect. This is fantastic pizza.  My order with chicken, broccoli, onions, garlic, and mushrooms really satisfied, and almost felt healthy.Fourthly.. They're having an amazing deal for the month of June --  a large w/ up to 5 toppings for just 10 bucks!  This is like a 50% discount.  I am seriously considering making June "Fortels pizza month" by taking advantage of this deal as much as possible.Fifthly -- They have a Ms. Pac Man machine in the store.  That's always a huge bonus.I've had the house salad in the past and it is also quite excellent. They have 6 locations throughout the city/county so there's probably one near you.  I believe the deal mentioned above is only for the U.City location, however.  Fortel's Pizza -- just do it!
<review# 1863,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/5/2013,7/31/2013,172,294,3,13,6>I came here with my bf for his birthday dinner. we wanted a low key delicious pizza meal. That was exactly what we got. we ordered a large chicago style pizza with everything except green peppers and jalapenos. they said the wait would be about 50 minutes -- long but exactly what the reviews said it would be. the place was almost empty when we showed up (6 pm) and it quickly got more and more crowded by the time we left (almost 8 pm). i was STARVING by the time the pizza came out and it was SO GOOD! this is probably my favorite deep dish pizza in all of stl! There was so much cheese and it was piping hot and melty. I loved their sauce (or maybe those were the tomatoes, i don't care, it was delicious!) and everything else was wonderful! I ate a slice fairly quickly and started on my second slice. That was... special... because i realized half way through, i couldn't finish... so my boyfriend ended up helping me finish my slice (on top of eating 3 slices on his own). I can't wait to come back here again for more pizza!
<review# 1864,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/11/2013,7/30/2013,396,634,5,12,8>This place was pretty legit!I think I had it bookmarked from a while ago, but I can't remember.... but yesterday night, we were looking for a new place to eat and randomly decided on this place as I was going through Yelp. I couldn't really tell how 'fancy' the place was based on the few photos alone but it seemed like it might be a mix of upscale and casual. Upon arrival, we noted that it was in a strip mall next to a Dierberg's. Definitely an unassuming location. I had called in advance to ask if we would need reservations but the guy who answered said it wouldn't be necessary. We were greeted by a friendly man when we walked in, and his greeting seemed very genuine.It was fairly quiet--maybe only two other tables there besides us--but it was a Wednesday night. I wonder how busy they get on the weekends... I did feel a bit under-dressed in jeans and a polo, but I didn't feel as though I was being judged for it.Had already stalked the menu online prior to leaving so I knew in advance I wanted the mushroom pasta. Sean opted for a burger. Our server, Clayton, was on the spot with everything. Sean noted this and was very impressed stating that it was, quote, "no joke, fine dining." Whenever we felt like we needed more water, he was already standing behind us, reaching for the glass to fill it up! A+The pasta was amazing. Like woooah mind-blowingly good. I was also ravenously hungry, so that probably made it taste better, for sure. The mushrooms were rich and delicious probably due to the intense flavor from the shallots. There was some cheese on top but not too much. The pasta is homemade here and SO freaking good. Wayyy better than Pastaria's and much better than my homemade attempts too. I'd go back for almost any type of pasta dish alone. The portion was just right too. I didn't feel like I over-ate, didn't feel like I wanted more, and didn't need to take home any excess. Spot-on. The only negative was that I felt it was pretty oily. I am hoping it was olive oil instead of butter though...maybe a tad bit more nutritious. But yeah, really good.Also tried their house cab for $5 not a bad deal.Sean really enjoyed his burger and I liked how they stacked the fries like a jenga game or a log cabin. Cute touch. It was cooked perfectly the way he wanted, and the bacon on it was reeeally good. I was worried he wouldn't like the fries as the menu advertised them with Parmesan on top but everything turned out just right, with a very small quantity of cheese sprinkled on them.It seems most everything here is homemade and you can really taste the difference. Price-wise, not too bad considering the quality and degree of service you get here. $48 was our total after the tip, and that was for a burger, pasta dish, and glass of wine.On our way out, we struck a conversation with the guy who greeted us on our way in, and turns out he's the owner. (His name is Mike.) They've only been in business since February, I think, is what he said. I'd love to have a UYE here, in fact I am probably going to plan one for end of August if anyone is interested. I hope they do good business. I really appreciate being treated with respect in "fine dining" restaurants...doesn't always happen when a young person walks into such a place. So kudos to Gist!
<review# 1865,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/24/2013,7/29/2013,14,57,3,5,5>It was the day after Mardi Gras in St. Louis and the place was totally empty which was awesome news for us, the non-partiers, since we had the run of the place and the menu.We previewed the vegetarian options online and was excited to try this place out and it was so worth it.  The menu clearly marks their vegetarian options with little leaves and there were many leaves to choose from.My wife and I got two different vegetarian pierogi to split/share.  The potato, cheese, broccoli and the cabbage, mushroom, egg, and onion.  These were both tasty and these were in a slightly different style being baked rather than pan fried.  Think kolache rather than potsticker.  We were informed that Russian food is widely interpreted, so it may not be what your grandmother made you, but still tastes like someones grandmother was at the helm!I also enjoyed the Veggie Blinchiki which was basically a filled buckwheat crepe.  Also very tasty, though I was hoping for a more toothsome feel to the veggies inside.  Instead it was more of a mince like the pierogi.To finish off the meal we shared a piece of their blackberry cheesecake.  I'm not normally a cheesecake person since most places serve a flavored cheesecake as a standard slice of NY style cake with a flavored topping.On no sir, this was a blackberry flavored cheesecake on a chocolate crust with some fresh blackberries.  Very homemade and rustic...and not as rich and heavy as a cheesecake can be.I'm looking forward to exploring more leaves on their menu.
<review# 1866,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/3/2013,7/28/2013,162,304,2,10,4>I can't believe it took me this long to finally come here.I love the old-fashioned general store part of it, although some of their products are inaccessible (didn't really want invade the space of customers sitting by the shelves). We chose the corned beef and hash along with the pancakes. I enjoyed both but wasn't overly impressed with either. They were solidly tasty, but nothing fancy.It was also my first time eating corned beef and hash... I think next time I would go for the brisket sandwich instead.However, the goat cheese cookie was rather tasty and unique. I'd never heard of anything like it. It was tangy and sweet and very soft. Points for originality! Even though I wasn't swept away with our orders, I want to come back and try other items on the menu, and peruse their products some more, thus the 4 stars. It's a nifty little place with a nice vibe, worth checking out.
<review# 1867,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/1/2013,7/27/2013,98,87,5,6,6>I've found my mothership.  Chocolate!This is one of my favorite stops in Maplewood. I love that there is always a sample to taste and that they have treats for the various holidays. Need an Easter bunny for that Easter basket? Got it. Want a chocolate Santa? Yep, got it. Need some gourmet tea for Mothers Day? Yeah, they've got that too. The chocolate is delicious, and you can see them making it behind the counter...so cool! The staff are helpful and very friendly. They certainly are part of the 5 Star experience.So stop in and get that gift for your friend or loved one. They've got something for that too. I'm sure. Buy anything with sea salt...or carmel...my birthday is in August.
<review# 1868,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/6/2013,7/26/2013,76,154,3,7,4>I finally checked out Whisk today for the first time and it is such an adorable bakeshop! The interior is decked out with handmade wall decorations, prints, posters, photographs, a comfy couch, and I loved the Beatles music playing softly in the background and the high airy ceiling. Looks like it'd be a great place to study or relax! After reading other Yelp reviews on the yummy scones here, I decided to order an apple cheddar scone and loved it! It was flaky, not too buttery/heavy, sweet and savory, all in the same bite. Next time I'm going to try the bacon blue cheese scone! They also sell icepops, Mila Sweets macarons, cupcakes, and other pastries.While I was enjoying my scone in the bakeshop, a few people stopped by and asked the store owner to hang up posters for a local event. I like that Whisk is really open to other local vendors/events and gets involved in its community!
<review# 1869,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/31/2013,7/25/2013,276,184,6,8,7>+ Great for large groups+ Quick & easy reservations+ Some of the best middle eastern food in STLI held my birthday dinner at Ranoush back in November with a group of 20 rowdy fellow med students. I was impressed with how well Ranoush handled our group, from the initial reservation, to getting everyone separate checks, which is no easy feat especially with people moving around in and out of their seats. I called in only a day or two ahead of my proposed dinner party and fortunately they were able to accommodate us. When I called back the day of to adjust the # in my party, they were able to adjust my reservation without a problem. They ended up seating us in one long row of small tables pushed together against the west wall of the restaurant. Yippee for taking up the entire wall's length of plush bench-style seating! Food and drink orders were taken quickly and efficiently, and food came out without too long of a wait. I love that their appetizers are meant to be shared, especially the VEGETARIAN MEZZA "for two". It can easily be shared between 2-4 people, or even just gobbled up by one hungry greedy person. I had the BEEF KAFTA plate, which came in a generous portion and was richly spiced. What made my night was the KNAFEH dessert, in which you got the best of both worlds - baklava AND cheesecake in a bed of bird's nest phyllo?! I almost melted into my plate. Thanks Ranoush for bringing it out with a candle for my birthday! One of my guests had an issue with their LAMB SHISH KEBAB being rather tough and overcooked (he asked for medium) so perhaps if you are to order it, get it cooked medium rare. I had a marvelous birthday dinner here and I highly recommend it for large groups.
<review# 1870,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/2/2010,7/19/2011,65,153,1,9,6>First thing we all do: Go Burn Down A Fazoli's!  Those guys are to Italian Food what Panasonic is to Gardening...just not in the same category.However, thanks to Il Bel Lago, my faith in the food of Italy has been restored a bit.My wife and I joined  3 other couples as we pulled off a small surprise party for a friend.  The restaurant came through beautifully!Il Bel Lago is located on Olive Street, just west of I-270 (right next to the FedEx Office).  Usually, I would miss a place that is tucked away like this, but I have actually heard of the restaurant through some solid word of mouth.Once you enter, you are greeted with a lovely, relaxed atmosphere.  It's not too dark or bright, and you feel as if you can just let the day trickle off of you.The food is terrific!  I had the Involtini di Poll Bush, which is chicken breast rolled with prosciutto, asiago, and spinach, and then dusted in bread crumbs.  AWESOME!The table also split many plates of Antipasta, as well as salads.  We always had a glass of wine in front of us, and you can't go wrong with their dessert tray.This place is a great experience, and if you get a chance to request a server, ask for Mateo (please excuse the spelling).  This guy (who is either Italian or has a great accent that automatically makes me think he's from old country) is perfect for any occasion, and he really defines what it is to be a fine dining professional.Bring some cash, it can be pricey, but well worth it.
<review# 1871,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/5/2010,7/18/2011,60,293,,5,7>Steph B and I dropped in here last night because A) it was a ong day and didn't feel like cooking and B) we had a Groupon.  I'm glad I didn't read reviews on here as we probably would have gone somewhere else, but I am very glad that we did not.  We stopped in and began persuing the menu when our server came over.  It was his first night on the job and he was a bit nervous.  Everything looked so good that we were havint trouble making any decisions.  Cue in our trusty waiter, who recommended the calimari to start things off.  The calimari came out and it was not yoru typical version.  Instead of rings, or the mini squid that you usually see, this was strips that were about the size of a french fry and it did not come with the typical maranara sauce, it was more of a tartar sauce.  After one bite I was very happy that we listened to our waiter as that was very good calamari, or at least in my book it was.  When it finally came to dinner we were again at a loss for what to order as everything sounded so good.  I ended up going with the expresso rubbed beef filet medallions.  The first medallion I had was ok, but the second was very much what you would expect from a filet medallion, very tender, cooked perfectly and full of flavor.  The asparagus was cooked well and the mashed potatoes were chunky just the way I like them.  I intended to drink my dessert again by finishing off te bottle of wine we got with dinner, but my arm was literally twisted and I ordered the chocolate cake in a cup thing thy had.  It was served in a mug, chocolate cake that had a white chocolate moose filling that was quite good.  Even though our waiter was a newbie (he had previously been a bartender there) he did a great job.  The fact his boss was hovering provided a bit of comic relief for Steph and I.  All in all, I woudl definitely go back as there are a few more things on the menu that sounded very good.  Several people seemed to have not had great experiences here but luckily I can say that was not the case for us last night.
<review# 1872,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/18/2010,7/17/2011,71,61,3,9,7>The first thing to say about this place is it is CLEAN (as in sterile...).  Secondly, everyone is so helpful and nice.  I lost my nose stud and needed to get a new one, so my boyfriend recommended that I check out Cheap Trx.  Honestly, I don't know much about piercings or tattoos, but when I asked questions they didn't make me feel dumb.  I ended up buying two studs, one they had in stock and the other they had to order.  Courtney helped me put in my new stud and told me how to do it myself.  It was way different (and better!) than my previous stud.  My new one is a threadless titanium flatback - oooh la la! Only the best from Cheap Trx!  I walked out of there thrilled that I had lost my old stud and wishing that I had done so years ago. About a week after my nose stud buying experience, my friend from Texas came and visited.  While in STL, I talked her into getting her cartilage pierced (muhahaha!).  Naturally, we went to Cheap Trx.  Stan made the experience so pleasant for us both - he is funny, calming and does a really solid job.  He knows his stuff, that's for sure. My special order came in about two weeks after ordering it, and they gave me a call, as promised.  I had Stan put it in for me to get the end bent correctly, and we ended up chatting for 10-15 minutes.  Great guy. Great store.  Highly recommended to all!
<review# 1873,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/22/2011,7/16/2011,224,200,9,9,7>Oh my gosh! Oh my gosh! Oh my gosh! *SQUEAL*I FINALLY got to go to the Moolah last night, after wanting to go for years!OH MY GOSH!I am so in love with this theatre. The screen was gargantuan!The audio and visual quality both superb.The couches were so spacious and comfortable (and clean and in pristine quality).The bathrooms were closeby and clean. The building, historic and beautiful.The concession stand, heartwarming ("We are proud to support local businesses!" Billy Goat Chips! Ted Drewes! Lake Forest Confections! Yes, yes, and yes!).The bar (though we haven't patronized it...YET) fun-looking and welcoming.The signature drinks specific to the movie, so awesome and creative.The entire concept = AMAZING.I will not go to any other movie theater if I can help it. Totally one of the coolest places in the city.And you best believe I'm coming here for the last Harry Potter movie. THEY ARE SERVING BUTTERBEER FOR CRYING OUT LOUD. CAN I GET A HELL YES.
<review# 1874,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/1/2010,7/15/2011,384,258,3,6,6>Went to Shady Jacks on a Thurs night to hear our friend's play.This place is REALLY cool looking!  It's a biker bar, so there is this side area where motorcycles can pull right in.  Upstairs there is a tattoo parlor and a leather repair shop.  Downstairs there's this cool party room complete with a full bar and stage (even a stripper pole)!The bartenders were all very friendly and attentive and Shady Jack was totally cool and gave us a tour!  They have a store where you can buy shirts and such, and a huge area for musicians.We only came for music and drinks but next time we want to come back for the food.This Sat. Oct 3rd, they are having their 14th Anniversary party!  They have been Downtown for 5 yrs and in O'Fallon for 9.Give this place a try....not too crowded at night, but Jack says that the daytime is their main crowd.
<review# 1875,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/20/2011,7/13/2011,156,339,3,16,6>Brand new upper-end pub that's taken the space of Riddle's Penultimate on the Loop. Three Kings (3K) is going to be a place to watch: the atmosphere here is cozy, the service is friendly, and the decent food and beer selection tops it all off. As a friend remarked during our dinner visit earlier tonight, the biggest challenge for 3K is going to be offering a unique experience relative to some similar locations already on the Loop: Cicero's, Brandt's, Market Pub House, and even Fitz's.If that's the long-term concern, though, the short term appraisal is 3K is positive. The restaurant is mindbogglingly large, which is going to be reassuring when you're looking for a place to just drop in on, and really gorgeous to boot, with lovely horseshoe booths, multi-tiered seating in back, and more. It's dark in here, but not too dark, and occasional flat-screen televisions dot the walls.The menu here is very reasonable, with a full range of dishes from burgers and other sandwiches to more distinguished entrees. I had the Southwest Chipotle burger ($10), which featured pepper jack, pico, jalapeños, and guacamole -- probably a 3-star choice. My friends had the Lemon & Rosemary Grilled Chicken sandwich ($9), which seemed decent, and the Pretzel Melt ($10): the burger, provolone, and caramelized onions on a pretzel roll. This got rave reviews. I was pleasantly surprised with the availability of several vegetable options, and enjoyed a side of asparagus with my meal. Additional props go to 3K for supporting local microbreweries, especially because of the Zwickel on tap from the hot new Urban Chestnut.One downside here, though, is the prices. Everything seemed a dollar or two steeper than it should have been, and the burger and beer plus tip for almost $20 was pushing it for a place that's trying to be a neighborhood joint. Rent on the Loop can't be cheap, but unless the food's head and shoulders above standard pub fare, I think standard pub prices are to be expected.Service here was pleasant -- Sarah took great care of us and was knowledgable about the menu items. There were plenty of other servers floating around, too, doubtlessly because the place is so new. Everyone seemed to know their stuff.Next time friends are looking for a place in the Loop, I'll definitely point them to 3K. I think there's some real potential here and am looking to see how the business evolves over the summer. Cheers, guys and gals!
<review# 1876,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/28/2011,7/12/2011,139,268,6,6,4>Las Palmas has been paying attention. The must have gotten the memo that they were going to go under. My last experience here SUCKED.I'm not going to lie, things are a bit hazy today. I just couldn't resist the happy hour specials. Deals on house margs, imports and domestics and a special on Blue Moon for the ladies.We went to celebrate my best friend's engagement and had a great experience. Our server was friendly, not annoying. Our waters were always full and he kept the beers and margs coming. Three chicas had probably 6 drinks, 3 apps and one entree for about $45. We had guacamole (super fresh and different than most), nachos (fresh jalepenos!) and the most amazing dip ever. It's called the Las Palmas dip and it was creamy, buttery monterrey jack with spinach, artichokes and corn. I wanted to rub it all over my body. DELISH. The bride-to-be had chimchangas...she spoke highly of them and the large portion.After dinner, we went to the bar so we could commence the general debauchery. At 8 pm it turned into hipster haven. Hide your American Spirits, PBR pitchers are $5 ALL DAY LONG. Then the kareoke started.... "When I think about you, I touch myself, la la la"  Well, you can imagine where it went from there. I apologize for not giving you a second chance sooner, Las Palmas, well done. Well done indeed.
<review# 1877,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/13/2010,7/11/2011,123,204,4,12,8>Don't be alarmed when you see the Granite City address.  This place is off the chain, and the owners are super, super nice.  They have outstanding lunch specials and a variety of delicious rolls to choose from.  This is by far the BEST sushi I have yet to experience and beats the hell out of the overpriced chains in St. Louis.
<review# 1878,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/25/2010,7/10/2011,275,429,6,10,6>If you read my previous review, you'll note that finding a stylist is such a stressful task for me, I tend to completely neglect my hair appearance until it's reached emergency status.That's exactly what happened when I heard Erin left V Vegaz.  Instead of just trusting that they'd have another fabulous stylist for me, I freaked out and went into hairdo lock-down, which always ends badly.  Finally, I got sick of my hair looking lame and made an appointment with a new stylist, Ellen.Man, I wish I'd done that sooner.Ellen is, in a word, aMAZing!  I learned she's been doin' 'dos for the better part of a decade, having had a solid client base at a salon in Columbia for 7 years before moving to STL.  She gets to know her clients' hair so she can provide them with the best, most flattering and manageable cut for each individual.  Ellen noticed the paint in my hair, the new regrowth after some postpartum hair loss (yeah, they don't always tell you about that part, ladies) and my wonky cowlick pretty much as soon as I sat in her chair.  All slightly embarrassing things to have noticed, but that's her job--she was getting to know my hair to make my new 'do work for me.And did she ever!  I got a bob with bangs, a huge departure from the hairstyles I've sported for many, many years.  I haven't had bangs since I was eleven years old and was sort of terrified I'd hate them--but I abso-freaking-lutely LOVE my new hair.  And I had a blast hanging out in Ellen's chair, chatting away while undergoing this fun and fabulous transformation.  I've gotten countless compliments on my new 'do and didn't hesitate for a second before scheduling my next appointment with Ellen.See?  Trying new stylists doesn't have to be scary, as long as you go someplace as awesome as V Vegaz!  (But still, Ellen, please don't ever leave!)  :)
<review# 1879,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/29/2011,7/9/2011,194,81,3,6,4>The Clayton License Office is the best kept secret in all of St. Louis.  I started going here when I worked in Clayton in 2000 and I now drive out of my way to get here.  I longest wait time I have ever had at this location is about 10 minutes.  for comparison, I have had hour plus waits at Florissant and Deer Creek before.  Apparently, almost nobody knows about this place.  They recently moved from Central to Forsyth and the new location is much bigger.  Take note of the new address across from US Bank or you will have a few block walk (which isn't the end of the world by any means).They had 3 people working on the last Saturday of the month and no one in line.  I got in and out in less than 5 minutes.  The people working there, for the most part, are still the same DMV people you would find anywhere else.  They seem to hate life, but at least I only have short periods of exposure to their toxic attitudes when I go here.
<review# 1880,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/5/2010,5/23/2010,38,48,8,7,5>Robust! You're my favorite new kid on the block. I was unaware of your existence for awhile, but now that we've become acquainted, you're my good buddy.A few things to note:I am not a wine connoisseur. That being said, I do feel like I have a generally acceptable palate for good wines, and every wine I taste at Robust sets my buds afire. While Robust certainly isn't the first place to invent a wine flight, I do feel like they nail the selections, each sample provides more and more happiness dancing across my tongue.Go to Robust to experience what they do best: wine and appropriate accompaniments (hello there, cheese, nice to see you on my table this evening...) I felt like giving the spinach artichoke dip a high-five. It's the right mix of fresh spinach, creamy cheeses, and flavorful artichoke. It's not overly gooey, not overly earthy. Yums.The house salad with gruyere, bacon, carrots, corn, almond brittle (yes, it's amazing), and garlic vinaigrette and is a total NOM NOM NOM. I paired it with the Robust Chowder (shrimp, chorizo, potatoes, yes) and was really, really happy with this decision.Be aware that if you're bringing "dudes" here, they do not have a full liquor bar (no whiskey, k thanks.) Plus, it's not exactly "dude" food, no large sides of cow on plates here. What I'm trying to say is, this is a nice place to bring your wine-and-salad-loving girlfriends. Keep it on your radar for a lo-key 'Girls Night Out.'Our server, Joseph, was elegant and knowledgeable. *Go Jo-seph, Go Jo-seph......... Go, Go, Go, Go, Go...*The one thing that irked me - our table was right next to the espresso machine, so the moment that bad boy got a workout, our conversation went quiet. We found it kind of funny, but I do recommend they fix this ASAP as it was a real distraction to our otherwise perfect meal.PS - don't miss the well thought-about mini gift shop.PPS - don't forget to secure a sober driver after your visit. The wines are so good that they go down very easily. Be safe, kids!
<review# 1881,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/25/2010,5/22/2010,152,421,5,6,5>I try to visit the Vine at least once a week for their super tasty and wholesome food. If you're really hungry the sandwiches/pitas on their own might not be enough to fill you up, but you can easily find a side dish or dessert on the extensive menu to round out your meal.I'm in love with the falafel here as well as the fettoush, shwarma, mini mana-ish, fresh-squeezed juice, namura, and Lebanese coffee (with cardamom!). I haven't tried any of the entrees yet - something I need to remedy soon. Prices are very reasonable, food comes out fast, and they play great Arabic music in the background at just the right volume. It's a nice place to come solo when you want a small meal or snack and also fun to come with friends or a date to share multiple plates of goodness. Unfortunately they still don't have the falafel bar set up, and I couldn't get my laptop to connect to their wi-fi on my last visit. I really want to see that falafel bar become a reality! And their slogan is the best: "Just for the HALAL of it!"
<review# 1882,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/22/2010,5/21/2010,8,65,7,6,5>SERIOUSLY.....SERIOUSLY, we are SO LUCKY to have this restaurant inSTL.... I talked about their spectacular food last time, and of course, we again had the marvelous food tonight.This time, I'd like to talk about their dessert.When I had a first bite of their Brownies, I felt like I got bitch-slapped on my face twice. It was THAT GOOD. We ordered it because the waiter recommended it, (Thank you so much! You made our day!!) and it tasted like heaven! Chocolate cake-ish warm brownie bottom, gooey buttery filling on top of that, then crunchy thing on top!!Here comes the best part.... They served it with a glass of cold MILK!! I was like "Woooooow, everybody knows that sweet chocolate-y thing go so well with Milk, but I've never seen ANY restaurants actually serve milk with dessert! GENIOUS!!!".Of corse, Milk went SOOOOO GOOOOD with the brownies.....LOVE LOVE LOOOOVE this place!! Everything is wonderful!! Again, it was packed on Thursday!!!!!!!
<review# 1883,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/8/2010,5/20/2010,165,166,7,19,9>Rarely do I find a restaurant that I would revisit. I don't know if it's because I killed all my taste buds doing shots straight out of the espresso machine during my barista days, or if I'm really just that hard to please, but Flaco's has squirmed it's way into my distrustful heart. It's never overly busy. The food comes out a bit sluggishly, but when I go to Flaco's, I have time. Time that I have no problem spending on their amazing patio with a friend or lovah, drinking sangria and being plain ol' content. Since my last visit, they've made even more improvements to their patio, so be sure to consider this place if you are looking for outdoor dining. The only menu item I can really tell you about is the mahi mahi tacos. It's what I get every single time I visit. These aren't your deep friend mystery fish tacos, friends. The fish is pan seared, rather than deep fried and it's topped off with fresh greens for crunch. That and a side of their made-to-order guacamole and you'll be a happy little camper. I promise. Something that still annoys me about the place: They charge you for bottomless chips and salsa. You get one complimentary cereal bowl full of chips and a side of salsa. After that, it's on you to the tune of 3.75. When you're already sipping on a pitcher of sangria, waiting for your fish tacos and guac, you've already spent a chunk of change. Come on, Flaco's, show us some love!
<review# 1884,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,2/26/2010,5/19/2010,37,228,2,5,3>Cute little restaurant, although I was surprised that it was so quiet on a Thursday night (esp after not being able to get a reservation at all our other choices!).  Our waiter was great - very attentive and answered all our questions.Mixed feelings about the food, although prices are reasonable and they also offer 2 prix fixe options: for $27, you can get a small plate, medium plate, and a dessert (or substitute soup/salad).  For $32, you can get a small plate, a large plate, and a dessert (or substitute soup/salad).Food from last night:1) Bread/butter - great and homemade!2) Caesar salad - disappointing.  Some of the lettuce was turning brown...ick.3) Onion soup - a little on the sweet side and practically no soup (all onions!).4) Lobster mac & cheese (special) - not bad...there were a few pretty good-sized pieces of lobster.5) Berkshire pork - the bf was disappointed that the pork was on the fatty side, but that is my preference!  *yay* fat!!!6) Mussels - the others said there was too much garlic, but that's OK by me.7) Chocolate pecan pie - I think it was still frozen or something bc it was rock solid.8) Bananas foster beignets - the group said these were awesome (I don't like bananas, much less bananas foster).The bf said we'd prob pass on coming back for dinner, but he would be OK for coming in for dessert (he was sad they were all out of the bread pudding).
<review# 1885,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/26/2010,5/18/2010,24,184,3,8,6>Started off a 7-bar pub crawl on Saturday at "The Mack".  It was a little after 3 and none of us had eaten lunch in anticipation of the steak sandwich, which was vouched for by a Southampton native.  With the spectacular storm brewing outside we prepared to hunker down for some pub grub and brews.Three ordered the steak sandwich and I went with the 1 lb "Man Burger" (I knew I'd score some of the steak from my petit bride).The burger was fantastic.  If you've read my recent O'Connell's burger review you'll see I was none too fond of their offering.  The Mack's burger blows O'Connell's burger away.  Ironically, O'Connell's was just named the number 1 St Louis area burger according to the RFT.  I challenge anyone to try them side by side and prefer O'Connell's flavorless bloodbath of ground-beef.  Anyway, huge props for this massive, tasty cheeseburger, nicely priced at $7.50.That all said, I should have gone for the steak sammy, as was the original plan.  From what I tasted of my lady's sandwich, it was the best cutlet of steak I've had in all of St Louis.  Yes, it was better than anything I have tasted at Tucker's Place (and I've had a steak or ten there).  Trimmed of fat and gristle, the 5 chunks of perfectly-seasoned steak served between two pieces of cheese garlic bread were a steak-lover's dream.  At $9 for the sandwich and side, I'd challenge anyone to find a better or larger cut of steak in the land.  I have had dozens of mediocre steak sandwiches in my day.  You know the ones where you take a bite and the entire piece of steak comes off in your teeth as you try to bite through the sinew and gristle, then inevitably have to spit a chunk of it into a napkin because there's no way it's fitting down the gullet?  None of that here.  I would estimate that the total weight of the 5 chunks of steak after cooking to be around 16 oz (or more).  This is a bargain by anyone's standards.Golden Tee on the widescreen.  SilverStrike antiquated 2007 version.  Nice side room for steel tip darts (5 boards).  Friendly staff.  Several flat screens.Bon appetit!
<review# 1886,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/30/2010,5/17/2010,17,68,,10,6>Everything here is a couple of notches better than it has to be. When we showed up on a freezing Friday night, we'd have been happy with a nicely roasted chicken, a side of plain rice, and whatever bland vegetable they chose to give us. Instead, we discovered that this place has a real cook in the kitchen!Why have I never had black beans like these before? They were so spicy, I was breaking a sweat in the middle of January, but they were unbelievably delicious. I ordered the stuffed red pepper, which was filled with these luscious, peppery beans and chunks of onion, carrot, and sweet potato. The rice and beans were moist and mildly flavored with broth and onions, and the jerk chicken was suffused with spice. If they have their homemade ginger beer, definitely get that and not the bottled stuff. It's awfully powerful, but so very good.I'll note that the place is barely larger than my living room and when they filled up, service was not fast. But the waitress kept checking up on us, letting us know when things would be ready, and generally taking good care of us. This place is a little gem.
<review# 1887,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,3/30/2010,5/16/2010,59,303,5,7,6>I'm not much of a wine person, and would like a small description of each wine on the menu... But that's just me.Overall, I think Sasha's serves one of the few (only??) wine bars in South City proper (not counting Lafayette Square) and is totally worth it with large groups.The food is simple, grazing fare; and I'm sure if I was personally pretentious enough, I'd purchase an artisan cheese plate and some crackers to go with my wine. However, my visit was later in the evening and we tried a crepe and a chocolate cake. While the cake was made elsewhere, the crepe was tasty enough and was a little on the crispy side. I'm not a crepe snob, so I wolfed it down anyway.The space itself is massive, with hundreds of wine bottles lining the walls. Sasha's on Shaw is also hugely into granite surfaces, which makes the large bench in the non-smoking section seem a little uncomfortable if you can't find a pillow to rest your toosh.My only concern is that since I work late, and my drinking/dining groups usually consist of myself and one other person, we sometimes get this feeling of resentment from servers who are used to serving large, heavy-drinking groups. We felt exactly that from our server, who rushed us through our ordering process, looked twice at our ID cards (hey, we might look young but we're DEFINITELY not underage... I even offered to show a passport) and didn't even offer us another drink even though our glasses were empty for 20 minutes.Again... distractions. I think this place is worth it for some, but just not for me, nor would it be my first choice in drinking/snacking establishments. Talk of BMW's and the secret desire to "go Republican" by some Birkenstock-wearing, habitually recycling, possibly Subaru-driving, pseudo hippie at the table next to us kind of turn me off. The entire place was filled with that brand of yuppness. Not my cuppa.
<review# 1888,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/5/2010,5/15/2010,153,307,2,4,2>This my favorite new lunch spot! I learned about this place from my manager who told me her friend told her that they had amazing cupcakes. I decided to go grab lunch and a couple desserts. I walked in and was blown away by the "cupcake bar", the pastry display, and tasty menu. I decided to order the "you pick two combo" half teriyaki chicken on foccacia with chicken noodle soup. FYI you get a free treat whenever you order the you pick two combo. The combo was very reasonable around 7.25! The cupcake bar has about 9 different flavors mostly with a filling. I decided to get two chocolate with chocolate frosting but they do have carrot, black forest, red velvet, strawberry and a few others. When I made it home I couldn't wait to taste my chicken teriyaki. It was so good. My boyfriend kept trying to take bites and I kept yelling "get away"!!! You have a car...go get your own" )i'm not kidding).  I loved the foccacia bread, red onions, chicken, and lettuce. I saw the little treat on the side but thought nothing about it. Then i decided to taste it and it was AMAZING!!! I don' t know how to describe it...I guess it was a shortbread pastry cup filled with some bomb chocolate frosting or whatever that was. I wanted to go buy and buy 50 of those! I havn't tried my cupcake yet, but my boyfriend said its really good and he thought I bought both the cupcakes for him. I said NO one is for you and one is for ME! no need to be greedy. Needless to say we had a lot of arguements over Pastries of Denmark.I WILL definitely be going back again. Check out the pics!
<review# 1889,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/25/2010,5/14/2010,100,105,6,8,4>Let me just say that I'm not proud of the fact that I was at 3 Monkeys today for well over two hours completely tearing apart their Sunday brunch buffet.  But it is a fact and in my defense I was not alone.  My best friend and I were in the mood to eat and by God we did just that.And we did it well.Here's the dealio...brunch was 15.99 and comes with your choice of bloody mary or mimosa.  Of course I got the bloody and I must admit it was pretty tasty.  It was actually a little too heavy on the vodka (can't believe I just said that) and it could have been a bit spicier for my taste but I just added hot sauce and was good to go.They jam folks into this place and I do so wish they had more room to wait for your table but that's a small gripe in the grand scheme of things.  We were told that it would be a 30 minute wait and we were seated in 15 minutes.  Sweet!They rotated food often and kept the hot stuff hot and the cold stuff cold.  Very much appreciated.Three different stations of food fun.  One--Fresh fruit, chilled shrimp, mussels, desserts.  Two--Pasta station, omelete/fried egg station, pizza, carved meat.  Three--Potato heaven, bacon, snausages, ham, pancakes, waffles, biscuits and gravy, spanikopita, green beans, dumplings, veggie skewers, oh hell you get the picture.Go to 3 Monkeys.  Eat and drink.  Enjoy yourself.  Go home and take a well deserved nap.  You're gonna need it.
<review# 1890,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/15/2014,8/22/2014,44,152,1,8,4>Ok, I'm trying to catch up on a few reviews.  The wife and I went here a few weeks ago to celebrate our anniversary.  We went on a Saturday night, and had a reservation for around 6:30 or 7:00.  They have valet parking out front for around $5.  We used valet as we didn't feel like searching for a parking space.  When we arrived, the restaurant was already starting to fill up.  They have a very nice, and large, bar in the middle of the restaurant.  Everything about this place is first class, in my opinion.  It is decorated like a steakhouse should be.We were seated at one of their booths, which have high backs and helps give you that private dining space feel.  We looked over the menu and each decided to split a salad (caesar), which was around $8 or $10, I don't remember the exact cost.  Splitting the salad was a good idea.  While the portion wasn't huge, at least you don't feel too full before the main courrse arrives.  Keep in mind that they give you bread as well, and it's very good, so be sure not to get too full on that either.  The salad was excellent, as were each of our steaks.  The steaks were about $42 each.  We also ordered two sides; hash browns with cheddar and fried zucchini.  They were great as well.  They have a plethora of sides, so you might have trouble deciding on exactly which one you want.  If you choose either of the sides we picked, I promise you won't be disappointed.  All of the sides are around $8 to $10 each if my memory serves me correctly.  This is an expensive place, but is well worth it in my opinion.  It also helped that we had a groupon to use.  If you see one out there, be sure to grab it as it will definitely save you some money.Overall, we had a great experience at 801, and will most definitely be back.
<review# 1891,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/19/2014,8/21/2014,224,200,5,7,6>This place is such a hidden gem! I've always loved terrariums (or "ter-ray-rays" as Jessica affectionately called them) so I was really excited when there was a Yelp event held here I really love hands-on crafty events, and this one was one for the books. I loved how it was set up as one long table with everything laid out like a little earthy buffet and everyone was able to let their creativity flow. Jessica was very sweet to accommodate me and my friend that were quite late to the party.I loved strolling around the greenhouse and checking out all the elements they have sitting out for terrarium building - crystals, seashells, coral, succulents, beautiful glass vessels of all shapes and sizes. I was in heaven! I was immediately trying to conceive in my head an excuse to get back here to make another.Go to their website flowersandweeds.com and check out the pictures...they do floral arrangement and can transform the greenhouse into a beautiful, rustic, intimate event venue. It's totes Pinterest quality shizz, right there.I will definitely file away this place for hopeful future use!
<review# 1892,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/18/2014,8/20/2014,158,287,4,8,6>What a great new chic restaurant that St. Louis has added to their foodie scene.  Small Batch is located a little off the grid in mid-town on Locust.  The restaurant is very chic and the atmosphere is very fashion forward.  The restaurant is 2-stories and more industrial feeling.  My friend and I ended up dining at this new Dave Bailey joint and shared a bottle of wine, a few appetizers and entrees.  We split the sweet potato fries and the pickled veggie plate.  The sweet potato fries were incredible.  They were on the more well-done side, which I typically do not love, but they were cooked well and had a great dipping aoili mayo that was delicious.The pickled veggies were yummy, and the plate was a lot larger than expected.  The onions were exceptionally good, along with the peppers.My main entree was the Thai Curry Tofu dish and it was incredibly flavorful.  The entree portions were very large, definitely big enough to split if you share appetizers as well.  The Green Curry was awesome.  It was tofu, vegetables and green curry sauce over rice.  You were able to change the heat of the curry with extra spices on the side.  My friend had the mushroom pappardelle and it was amazing too - incredibly filling.  We couldn't pull ourselves away from our plates and ended up finishing everything even though the portions were HUGE.  Fat kids over here :).I will be back to Small Batch to try more of their vegetarian fare, as well as more whiskey drinks... splitting a bottle of wine was no fun at a whiskey house!
<review# 1893,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/11/2014,8/19/2014,154,611,1,9,8>I'm not a huge cake fan but I love me a cupcake. I had cupcakes from the Cup at two different events and loved them, so my friend and I stopped to buy a few to taste as possibilities for her upcoming nuptials. I came to the conclusion that The Cup has the best cupcakes in STL, hands down. Love them! We tried vanilla with vanilla buttercream, chocolate with vanilla buttercream, and red velvet with cream cheese frosting. All three were good. We and my husband agreed that the vanilla/vanilla was our favorite. This place is decadent! I will definitely be back!
<review# 1894,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/23/2014,8/18/2014,172,294,5,6,7>My lab has been trying to come here for lunch for a while. We keep on trying to come on a Monday but they're closed then. We finally made it on a friday and I rather liked this place!I got a banh mi sandwich and it was pretty good. I have a fondness for banh mi sandwiches. :)  The vermicelli bowl that my bf got was ok and so was the pho a lot of my labmates got. What made this place 4 stars and not 3, actually, was the token lab vegetarian's fried tofu. It was super soft tofu with a nice crispy outside that you dipped in yummy lemony sauce. It brought me back memories of eating fried tofu on the top floor food court of a random mall in Shanghai. I can't wait to figure out how to make fried tofu like this. In fact, the last time I tried to make this type of fried tofu, i almost set my apartment on fire! So i guess if  i want to avoid a near fire, i should just come here instead!
<review# 1895,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/10/2014,8/17/2014,238,242,4,6,6>Eleven Eleven Mississippi had been on my bookmark list for years, but I finally made it in for my first visit.   I only wish I'd have come sooner, as my entire experience was perfect from beginning to end.  We couldn't have asked for better service with Russell promptly attending to every detail.  His suggestion for a red wine went well with our meal which started with oak roasted mussels.   Oh those mussels, I'm still thinking about how good they were!  The broth was heavenly, consisting of bacon, garlic and cilantro pesto.  We used the homemade bread to soak up all the extra broth.  Next came the roasted red and yellow beets served with mixed greens, pickled cauliflower and walnuts with a vinaigrette dressing. While it was delicious, I enjoyed the soup of the day even more.  I only sampled one bite of the soup, but I believe it was a butternut squash or something similar.   For my main course, I ordered the fish of the day which was grilled hebi served over a cauliflower puree.  The fish was perfectly cooked and matched well with the amazingly good puree.  Every single bite of everything I had was excellent.  I can't wait to visit again in the near future as this place might just be my favorite restaurant in St. Louis.
<review# 1896,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/21/2014,8/16/2014,44,83,1,10,6>Taste is one of the best bars in St. Louis for cocktails. My favorite time to go there is during their happy hour, Tuesday-Friday 5-7 and all day Sunday and Monday, when "classic cocktails" are $6. The list of "classic cocktails" is huge and organized by date of creation, which I love. I love to let the bartender surprise me with one of these, but if you have particular tastes just talk to your server. They're all very familiar with every drink and can make excellent recommendations. I personally love the Last Word, which I had never had before coming here.The food is a bit pricey but very high quality. The menu of small plates is constantly changing with fresh, seasonal offerings. Everything I've had there always tastes amazing, though I find it's better for a happy hour pre-dinner appetizer than a full meal if you're really hungry. Taste has a funky, speak-easy atmosphere that's well suited to drinks with friends as well as a classy date. If you're looking for a good drink in St. Louis, Taste is a must-visit.
<review# 1897,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/15/2014,8/15/2014,276,184,3,10,6>+ Heaven on earth for tea addicts+ They make tea lattes. Yum.+ Super helpful, knowledgeable staffThe new London Tea Room location is tucked away in a cozy part of Tower Grove South off of Morganford Rd. It has that friendly, inviting, quiet neighborhood feel to it while still being very accessible. You walk in and it just smells delicious. They had just brewed a fruity floral black tea and you could smell its fresh, lovely aroma. It's love at first sniff. I love that they have canisters of their most popular teas available at the counter for you to open up and take a whiff. Jackie, one of the co-owners/managers was so super helpful in assisting me with choosing a tea. I simply told her I wanted a black tea with a higher caffeine content that has floral and fruity notes that would make a good tea latte and she suggested the Parisian ($10 for 2.5oz). I bought some to take home and I have been drinking it nonstop. Their most popular tea is The Naughty Vicar. It has an amazing fruity bouquet in a black tea and it's very affordable at $5 for 2.5oz. It is complex and aromatic and steeps well repeatedly. P.S. 2.5oz will make you 20-25 cups of tea. I had a tea latte made with their cream earl grey to go. This really isn't a place to go to pick up a drink if you are in a hurry - it took 5-10 minutes to make my drink. You have to keep in mind your tea has to steep and if you are requesting a latte, that takes time too. But it was the perfect slow afternoon pick-me-up and I love that they made the latte just the right amount of slightly sweet. I love that they sell tea accessories like tea balls, teapots, teabag coasters, filters, etc. Everything you need to make a perfect cup of tea can be purchased right at their counter.I have yet to come back to sample their brunch/lunch menu but it is definitely on my list of leisurely places to have a classy but casual weekend brunch.
<review# 1898,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/22/2014,8/14/2014,68,274,5,8,9>The stars lined up correctly the other night for us to go on a date, so this was one of the places we ended up.We didn't set out to see a movie here, but they were playing the movie we wanted to see and the theater was not too far from where we needed to go after the movie.Holy GIANT theater complex, Batman!  Okay, so maybe I sound like a small-town girl who's never been to the movies, but I was positively shocked by how big this place was.  18 screens!  No wonder they had the right movie at the right time.  The place was clean and they had stadium seating.  Wasn't planning on eating anything as we had just had a snack (if you can call beer and pretzels a snack), but the popcorn here smelled so good that I just had to have some.  So Husband came back with a bag of delicious popcorn and a gallon or so of soda for us to share.  They also have an IMAX screen, which was big but not as impressive as some I have seen in museums with the dome.Our movie was relatively empty, but we did not experience any of the problems that other reviewers described.  Overall, I would go back here to see another movie.
<review# 1899,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/30/2013,8/13/2014,76,209,5,8,7>Mom's Deli is one of those places that I wouldn't have known about or tried unless I drove past on my way home from yoga, in an adventurous and famished state.It's a lovely break from the sandwich chains, located in an unlikely, mostly residential area off Jamieson.  I was a bit surprised that it was cash only, but happened to have a crisp $20 in my wallet.  Having never been before, I ordered the Mom's Special (1000 Island, roast beef, ham & stuff) because it was the first thing on the menu.  Let me just say that for $5.95, these sandwiches are HUGE (9").  Certainly a wonderful value.  The sandwich was perfectly & efficiently made by a friendly older lady (Mom?  Is that you?).The sandwich itself was really terrific.  The bread was soft & fresh, the toppings plentiful.  I ate all 9" of the damn thing before I even got home.  All in all, I'd eat here again - it was a delightful experience.
<review# 1900,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/21/2014,11/30/2014,18,106,4,6,4>Taste of St Louis moved to Chesterfield this year. I like there is a lot of nearby free parking and a free shuttle.  There are a lot of activities for kids like face painting, many vendors for shopping, and of course the food. A great opportunity to try something from a diverse group of restaurants. It seemed by going early, there's closer parking and the lines are shorter. My favorite food items were the Basso grilled corn on the cob with spicy aioli, corn nuts, and pecorino for $5. Grilled corn is awesome in itself. The aioli and chopped corn nuts combo made it delicious.   I had one that was black along a few rows so that was not cool, but I had another that was perfect. Not too dry at all. Annie Gunns had a grilled Italian sausage with sausage and onions on top loader bun for $6.   The sausage was really delicious, the sandwich moist, I wish it had a few more onions but there were plenty of peppers. The bun was soft and went well with the Sausage.  The Annie Gunns beef tenderloin ($6) was ok. It was not very tender but the carmelized onions were good.   It came with a handful of chips too. Bogarts ribs were excellent. You can buy one for $2 just to try. Or a serving of 4 for $8. You add your own sauce. The ribs were extremely tender and not dry. The sweet sauce was a perfect complement. I also got a free squishy pig!Steve's hot dogs Chicago dog ($5) wasn't to my liking. I've been so excited about trying this place. The Mac and cheese dog looked good.  The Chicago dog did not have a lot of quantity in the toppings and overall it was just underwhelming. Even the bun was not very good. There were other unique items like baby coconut water where they cut the top of the coconut off and provide a straw. I thought there were going to be food trucks too but I didn't see any.  While I didn't see Tyler Flo and Duff, it's great the opportunity was there. Overall, great weather, nice location, and lots of delicious food options.
<review# 1901,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/25/2014,11/29/2014,224,200,2,8,6>I came here yesterday to pick up a sandwich for my dad. I was just at the Festival of Nations, but he's not much of an ethnic food guy (trying to change that given the area in which I live). I chose a turkey bacon club for $8. Above five minutes later a piping hot, made-to-order sandwich with a side of slaw was presented. It looked and smelled delicious. I brought it to my dad, who snarfed it down; I  haven't seen him eagerly eat anything like that in a couple weeks. Today, I asked him what he wanted for lunch. "Another sandwich from that corner store would be just fine with me!"Another point for Grove East.
<review# 1902,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/14/2014,11/28/2014,154,611,4,12,9>I've been holding off for somewhere special for my 600th review, and this is it! I knew right after my delicious meal here that it was deserving. I am a member of blood and sand but just made it here for the first time. Because I work during the week, A weekend was the only time that I can make it here. Now they serve brunch so I was good to go for trying it. The setting is gorgeous and we were lucky enough to come on a gorgeous day so we sat outside. Service was great the whole time. Food was timed perfectly. I started with the hummus and pita. This is a little outside the norm as far as hummus goes because it has some chopped veggies and cashews on top. I liked the twist. The pita was quite possibly the best I've ever had. I ordered extra and was glad I did. It was truly drool-worthy. There was a lot, so I took some home. I ordered a side of fries, which comes with a sriracha ketchup/mayo mix dipping sauce. It was delicious and not too spicy. It was a huge basket and fed two of us with no problem. I also got the homemade yogurt with honey, homemade granola, cashews and fresh fruit. It was a large portion. The yogurt alone was a bit too bitter but mixed with the other stuff it was good. I took some home and mixed a bit more honey and fruit with it and it was perfect! They serve agua fresca here, and I got a lovely honeydew lemongrass one that was very refreshing. The dessert sounded super good but alas, I was full and didn't need it. This place is well worth the money, good sized portions, and I will for sure be back!
<review# 1903,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/6/2014,11/27/2014,144,692,4,10,7>Thanks to super boffo Steven B. for arranging a UYE at Vernon's. In contrast to other BBQ places, I didn't have to wait in a long line (like Pappy's) and I didn't have to park on the street (like Bogart's). The parking lot had enough spaces at 6:20 PM, and the line was only a few people deep. I had a good time with yelp friends!On to the food. I ordered from the "pick 2" meats. The brisket and turkey both were very good, along with "Little Smokey" and "Thai-B-Q" sauces. A couple of sides here were unusual and very good: the tequila-lime green beans and the smoked strawberries. The strawberries were "organic," so maybe the lack of pesticides cancels out any possible carcinogenic effect of grill smoke? Hah! Don't know about that, but the flavors were very good.This is a good place for a casual group lunch or dinner. Easy in and out, not much of a wait between order and delivery, and relatively inexpensive.
<review# 1904,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/1/2014,11/26/2014,68,274,7,10,9>Have eaten here twice now.  The first visit was probably four star but our experience on the latest visit prompted me to write this 5 star review.First of all, the food was outstanding!  I had the chirashi both times.  It came with generous pieces of all of my favorite fishes, a pile of smelt roe, a hunk of avocado, and some variety of radish.  The kids joked that I was eating it like fajitas, wrapping some avocado, smelt roe, ginger, and wasabi in the big pieces of fish and eating it.  I just can't say enough about how much I enjoyed the food.The Teens enjoyed their food as well. Teen 2 claims that she does not like Japanese or Thai food and had a really bad attitude about eating here in general.  Husband selected steak teriyaki for her and it was delicious!  After dinner, the owner came over and talked to us for awhile about the restaurant and her family.  She is very proud of both, and it shows.Highly recommend.
<review# 1905,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/4/2014,11/25/2014,457,314,26,31,27>300/65Very significant numbers.  My 300th review and I turned 65 years old.  I have not written a review in two long weeks because I wanted a special review for 300.  Charcoal house is old very old.  It is so old I know I have been coming with my parents 50 years ago and now with my wife and children.  A little history on Charcoal House.  It was THE place to go on Mondays.  Why?  Because the two major country clubs Algonquin and Westborough  are closed on Monday.  Since the clubs were closed everyone went to Charcoal House.  Nothing really has changed inside or out.  Old and dark.  The menu has not changed still charcoal cooked steaks, twice baked potato, creamed spinach is the mainstays on the menu. I started with escargot then had a bowl of beef barley soup and finished with a New York strip with baked potato.  Yes it is a meat and potato place and it does them perfect.  Around the table my son Chip K. had the same as I Mrs. K. the older had a filet and Mrs. K. the younger had shrimp scampi.  No complaints about the food from anyone.  In fact it was a solid rave from our small group. My steak was cooked to order medium rare and I had it topped with roquefort cheese.  Oh my what flavors!!  It has been mentioned I turned 65 years old I would also like to mention that I was the youngest male in the restaurant. It is good to come to a place for 50 years and still be the youngest.  So there we are 300/65.
<review# 1906,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/7/2014,11/24/2014,56,220,2,6,5>Funny story, I work in two locations and both of their restaurants are right near both of my jobs!  Aside from that, they have this dish that I just cannot get enough of white cheese sauce, shrimp, and rice.  I love it.  Their cheese dip is one of the best, and their rice is not orange fried rice, it's white with veggies in it.  The last time I was in here, the server was telling us that we had to try the beef nachos, the meet was seasoned really good that day and since we were hesitating, she brought  us a sample with our chips.  It was delicious, and all three of us had beef nachos that day!They have also catered for us at work and they can bring a good variety of food.  I have not tried their burgers, but I hear they are delicious also.
<review# 1907,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/17/2014,11/23/2014,44,123,6,7,4>Just went here again the other night and am pleased to say the Sushi is very consistently delicious and fresh.  Our waitress was a bit of a snot, however.  Sunday night at 7:00pm we show up, just two of us.  As we enter the Hostess/Our Waitress asked, "how many?"--"Just the two of us."--"Do you have a reservation?"--glancing around the nearly completely empty restaurant and a dozen empty two tops--"no...do we need one?"--"yeah sometimes.  Let me see what is available"--shuffles over to her computer while we stand in confused silence.  Fortunately the owner came right over and ushered us to an open two top, which aggravated the waitress who was abrupt with us the rest of the night and brought our wine in dirty wine glasses.
<review# 1908,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/10/2014,11/22/2014,111,674,4,5,5>I came here for a networking event tonight.  The Festa Italiano was good, but it was toooo salty for me.  This sandwich made me love muffaleta bread.  The au jus and roast beef were really salty.  I loved it, but the salt killed it.  The bread & the fruit cup were the only saving grace in this meal.  I don't know what it is with me & salt.  But, maybe I am more used to home cooked meals where salt (AKA fish sauce & soy sauce) is used sparingly.  The cookies that I got weren't theirs, but still amazeballs!  My name is Kat, & I am a cookie & cake-aholic.    They have spumoni & Italian ice.  Soooo many Italian goodies.  Note to self, don't come here insanely hungry as I did cuz I ended up spending more than I should.  :P  This place is a hidden gem & is really close to me.  I will definitely be back!
<review# 1909,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/10/2014,11/21/2014,38,70,4,6,6>There is a latte to say about this wonderful little gem!!I finally got to check this place out one morning. I had seen everyone's wonderful pictures and reviews and had to check it out myself.Hands down BEST LATTE I have ever had, really..I mean it. It was sooo smooooth.I even think it's better than Starbucks and for me...that's saying something. :OI had some gluten free toast and tried one their super yummy jams. I even licked the glass jam bowl clean. Did not want to waste a drop. I love the openness of the space. Low counter tops that practically invite you to come over to the other side and stand beside them as they make your beverage but, i wouldn't advise doing that, of course. You may interrupt their flow and ruin the zen like process of working their craft.Perfect place for a small bite to eat and super good coffee & espresso!
<review# 1910,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/11/2009,7/6/2009,4,54,1,5,1>It's dry cleaning, so not much to say.  Except that they were totally professional and my clothes look great.  I've tried 3 other dry cleaners in STL (tip top, demun, and westway) and this one has been the best by far.  No shirt buttons missing or damaged, no mystery stains, no half-assed press jobs, etc.  Just a solid clean and press.  The only downside is they charge more than others but I suspect you get what you pay for.  I will be using them for suits and other higher end stuff I don't want messed up by tip top.
<review# 1911,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/12/2009,7/5/2009,1,2,2,2,1>Came here for their Saturday all-you-can-eat brunch and it was more than worth it. It's not a big selection of items which is nice so I was able to try everything. I was most impressed by the potatoes and savory scones w/ gravy. The french toast and pancakes were also top-notch.I need to come again so I can try some of their delicious looking baked items.
<review# 1912,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/18/2009,7/3/2009,14,17,3,3,3>sat outside, drank amazing sangria, and listened to live music from a place down the street. what else do you need? i'm serious.oh and then we got snacks. chicken fingers, fries, and spin dip. all were pretty dern good. we sat outside for quite a while people watching. effing love it. :)
<review# 1913,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/17/2009,7/2/2009,129,181,3,7,4>Moving back to St.Louis, I've been recently surprised at how many stray dogs and cats roam the streets.  Many of the cats are "feral", but some of the dogs have collars or seem interested in approaching you.  It makes me wonder where all these animals are coming from, and why people don't have a careful eye on their companions.Last weekend, a stray dog wandered into the back of our apartment complex, and she was friendly.  When I held out my hand, she immediately came up and began to lick my fingers and my arm.I brought her inside and gave her some water and then took her over to the Humane Society.  The little dog had a collar, but with no tags.The Humane Society is a great resource because they have an after hours "drop-box" sort of system.  You can go in through the sliding glass doors, you fill out some paper work, and then you put the dog into a two sided cage.  The staff leave blankets, water, and food in all of the cages.  When you shut the cage, it locks behind.  The other side of the cage is open to the animal care staff, so they can immediately take care of the dog or cat at any hour of the night.I thought it was a pretty cool invention.  I used to work at the San Francisco SPCA, and we did not have anything like that.The Humane Society is a wonderful resource for anyone looking to adopt and rescue a companion animal.  These are pets that need homes, and are ready and waiting.  Find a friend today!
<review# 1914,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/18/2009,7/1/2009,384,258,1,4,2>We decided to check out The Good Pie after our friend from Italy gave it high praise.  The place is located Downtown on Olive and the area there is really developing so it's a great spot.The inside is very welcoming and casual....lots of brick and wood and decorated with vintage bicycles.   This is not a large place but there were plenty of tables and even a nice patio outside where we noticed that they were growing fresh vegetables and herbs.Our waitress seemed a little new but was very nice.  We ordered 2 pizzas and a starter of an olive sampler (yum!!)The pizzas were The Good Pie and the Mushroom.  The crust is made there in their oven and is thin but soft and airy.  The Good Pie was our favorite since we LOVE the sauce....and the mushrooms were heaven on the other one but there wasn't any sauce, only cheese....so maybe next time we'll combine them if that's allowed.Everything was wonderful and we'll definitely be back!  I'll post photos later tonight.
<review# 1915,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/7/2008,6/26/2009,65,65,17,8,8>When people attempt to rate something, it's obviously relative. One person's 7 on a scale to 10, could be another person's 5. With that being said, let me note that, for me, a score of five stars means that whatever I'm rating has to be pretty much perfect, because, well, that's what five stars means. I understand what Lam means by "adjusting" his standards, but I guess I'm just an asshole, because I can't do it--believe me, I tried. With that being said, bless you Lam, for letting me know about this ridiculous place. Truc Lam, based on my one visit today, has the best pho in St. Louis hands down--there literally is nothing close to it. The only reason that this place doesn't get a five star review from me is because I thought their spring rolls kinda sucked, which is odd, because they obviously used fresh/quality ingredients. I don't know why, but it just tasted bland. So, as odd as this sounds, if I had just had pho, this place would be a five star (and my first five star restaurant on here), but since I had something else, that wasn't as good, it's now a four. My bad, Truc Lam, for ordering the spring rolls.Oh, and another thing--THIS place is in the ghetto. Yes, there are black people. Yes, there are white people. Yes, there are people waiting for the bus. I find it odd that when I say "ghetto" people automatically reference stereotypically racist things, even though I made no note of what made it ghetto to me. I guess when I say, "ghetto" I mean "I'm worried that black, white and people exercising a public transport solution will steal my automobile." I kid, fuckers. Now back off me, because my shit is hilarious. (On a side note, please be certain to phone in advance of your visit to Truc Lam. I attempted to dine there several evenings prior, only to find that the establishment was closed, refuting the signage on the entryway noting otherwise.) Have a good day!
<review# 1916,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/3/2009,6/25/2009,165,166,6,7,7>It was a cold, cold Saturday evening and I was recovering from a post-Friday-night-of-over-indulgence-sleep-a-thon when the craving for Chinese food hit my like a ton of f-ing bricks. Becoming a vegetarian sort of took the life out of Chinese food for me. So much of the experience is hinged upon those deep fried pieces of mystery meat, that it didn't seem quite worth it to attempt it. I recently have reintroduced some fish products to my diet (Dr.'s orders), and would have killed the sad sap that got in between me and my sweet and sour shrimp. Phoned in my order and was told it would be finished in 20 mins. So, I attempted to make myself look less dead, got my roommate and carted our asses to Delmar. I fretted about parking the whole way there, it being a Saturday night and all. I briefly parked in one of the Shark bike shop spots (don't tell!) and ran into traffic so I could get to my warm, fried, carb party. The shop is aesthetically pleasing, which I am loathe to say, matters to me. Very clean and bright. And the owner was there, who knew my roommate from another business in the area. She was super nice to us and our food was packed, all ready to go! It was about 25.00 for two entrees and an order of crab rangoons. Pretty sweet! So, we scurried home, put on Edward Scissor Hands and ate like a couple of Romans. He ordered the General Tso Tofu, which I was delighted to see on the menu. We ate until we were full and sleepy and we huddled on the couch like gorged puppies, unable to move on account of the contentment. In summary- I was pleased. There were more options for vegetarians than most places and I would go back for the tofu dishes alone. I probably won't order sweet and sour anything ever again (I spilled some of the sauce on the counter and it left two pink stains that are still there!!).
<review# 1917,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/7/2008,6/24/2009,275,429,10,10,8>I never quite fully jumped on the cupcake bandwagon.  I didn't care to wait in line at Magnolia in NYC, I (sadly) missed the Great Chicago Cupcake Crawl of '08... I like cupcakes as much as the next dessert whore, but I generally couldn't justify paying $3-5 for one.Then I met Jilly's cupcakes.It's true, they're not exactly cheap at $4.25 a pop, but they really are huge, delectable works of art, artfully decorated and so... tasty!  I'm so happy Jilly and her crew have eyes for both design AND taste, because I would've cried had something so lovely tasted like a dry piece of crap.I met with a friend for lunch at Jilly's, enjoyed an egg salad sandwich that required a knife and fork and was very glad indeed that I had asked for my cupcake to go.  The sandwich and side salad were plenty filling and it was nice to have a sweet treat later in the afternoon... and then have some more even later... because really, these things are so large, I could've either shared with a friend (or two!), but I decided to be greedy and just indulge my sweet tooth multiple times that day.  I'm looking forward to heading back and trying the big ol' Monte Cristo that my friend enjoyed (she tends to eat small portions, but she managed to eat this whole sandwich, which must mean it was AWESOME!) and have one of their specialty espresso drinks which all sound delicious.The Bee Sting cupcake, with its lemony cream cheese frosting, lemon curd and slivered almonds is a sweet-tart treat and adorable with its sugar bee and white chocolate honeycomb.  I would get it again, but everything else in the shop looks and sounds fantastic, so it may be a while before I get back to the Bee Sting.The shop itself gets crowded at lunch and while I haven't been by for brunch yet, I assume it's a similar situation.  Order in line, grab a table if you can and enjoy the friendly folks who bring out your food.  Everyone I encountered here was as sweet as the cupcakes.  So, Jilly's has converted me to the Cupcake Craze.  Resistance is futile.
<review# 1918,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/14/2008,6/23/2009,32,344,2,5,2>Any place that has the word martini in its name or title will automatically have my immediate attention. Yes, I am one who loves a good martini. Would I call myself a lush? No, just someone who likes to enjoy a nice drink and Van Goghz Martini Bar and Bistro is able to provide just that.At Van Goghz Martini Bar and Bistro, there is quite a lot to choose from in drinks and in food. While there I had a Cajun Chicken quesadilla that was nice and tasty. I always enjoy quesadilla when I am in the mood for something that is nice and simple. The quesadilla had just the right amount of cheese and chicken, the balance between the two was perfect.Van Goghz Martini Bar and Bistro is a nice place to get a bite to eat and a drink or two.
<review# 1919,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/27/2009,6/16/2009,454,790,1,8,6>My wife and I went here Memorial day weekend and it was the best meal we had in town. Beautiful restaurant with great décor, layout and helpful service. Walking in to the crowd I thought they would stick us in one of those uncomfortable two tops stacked right on top of each other. I was delighted that they took us to a back room where we had a great table and we could enjoy the meal and company. We started with salads-mixed salad with candied walnuts, apples, blue cheese and vinaigrette for me and the Mrs. had a spring veggie salad with pea shoots, carrot puree, carrots, radishes, goat cheese and white chocolate vinaigrette. These were both very fresh and excellent starts. It took a long time for the entrees to follow which would be about my only gripe. I had the ribeye with a red wine reduction, served on green potato puree with smoked baby carrots. My wife had seared sea scallops with rhubarb, cauliflower, romanesco and gianciale. Both were delicious. We finished our meal with the molten chocolate cake which spilled all over the delectable whatchamacallit ice cream. This was a nice conclusion to the best meal we had in town. This would hold it's own with any of the top places in Chicago. They also featured an extensive wine list.
<review# 1920,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/3/2011,6/28/2011,100,105,2,12,8>Had a pretty great time here the other night.  The bar is a bit hipster but doesn't feel pretentious.  The space is great.  Half the bar opens up using a garage door.  Hard to explain--you just need to see it.  LOVE that they serve their drinks in mason jars.  Don't judge...I love mason jars :-)  The back half of the bar has movie seats, a stage, and a huge screen.  And best of all.....drumroll.......cheap drinks!!!Go check it out.  I think it's a husband and wife team who opened and run it.  They were incredibly nice and kept the free popcorn coming.  Good times.
<review# 1921,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/6/2010,6/27/2011,396,634,7,7,5>So let me preface this by stating the following: If you DO NOT fancy yourself a thin-crust, Neapolitan style pizza, then there is a high chance you MIGHT NOT LIKE The Good Pie. There. I said it. If you are the kind of person that thinks deep dish is the only way to go, then I would kindly point you in the direction of Pi Pizzeria--some odd number of blocks west on Lindell of the Good Pie. There you will find the succulent deep dish you long for. ANYWAY.....!I have been a huge fan of The Good Pie pizzeria ever since it opened. I do prefer thinner crust'd pizzas but that being said, I love Pi Pizzeria just as much as the Good Pie. And apparently this is unheard of because every time I relay this information to someone, they  wince at me as if I just told them I am a Juggalo and a Hipster at the same time. Yeeeah.So yeah, review. The beer and wine selection is awesome, and the pizza is just to die for. It's really a matter of taste, though, because as I stated above, you are either going to hate it or love it. I rarely see any "in-between" reactions from my friends. They're either like "OMG IT'S LIKE CRACK COCAINE" or "Meh, I don't care for this!" One extreme or another, lol. What is amazing to me, more than anything, is the flavor. You can tell from the very first bite that this pizza is made with high quality imported ingredients. The tomatoes are SO fresh--any time of the year!--and the basil is so strong and savory, and mmm the cheese is just so perfectly milky and creamy, and the pizza has the right balance of soft and chewy, crispy on the edges, and almost kind of "wet" in the middle. The olive oil they use is obviously of a high quality, because it just tastes that way! :D I don't feel "gross" eating their pizza, but I can't eat it every week either because I'd get burned out, but it's a good treat every once in a while.If you're on the fence about it, you should check out The Good Pie. The atmosphere, if anything, is totally worth a visit.
<review# 1922,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/17/2010,6/26/2011,193,50,1,5,3>As Nowell explained in his review, STLTC is a "Combat Athletics" club. Basically if you're looking for a organized class where you bow and you have a sensei then you are in the wrong place. Think of it more as collaborative learning where you'll work different areas of the fight game and you can learn from the people you train with. The people here are easily some of the friendliest I've ever met. They have no egos and are just good people to train with. They're folks who have 9 to 5's who train because they enjoy what they do. The people who have a ego don't last long. The new digs are a bit cleaner but it still has the "old school" boxing club feel. The place it a bit difficult to find but once you get the map it's pretty simple.Also the club just recently receieved it's afflication with Straight Blast Gym and they have started to complete at various tourneys around the country.Even if you visit once you'll gain something useful that you can use. Defintely a gym to watch for in the next few years.
<review# 1923,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/26/2011,6/25/2011,144,93,8,9,10>Two full-grown men with one obstacle to overcome: THE POINTERSAURAUS!!! The challenge was a 28", 10-12 lbs. monster pizza. You have to choose between two meats or 4 veggies. You have ONE HOUR, and if you and a friend can tame this beast, you get your money back + a $500 bounty!! We chose sausage and grilled chicken, and we were ready!! We started out strong, and we had way more than half done by 30 minutes time. But as the food began to expand in our stomachs, we felt ourselves slow down. By the end, there were only 7 slices of the behemoth left, but we could not finish. Still, it was super fun trying!!Not quite the triumphant ending we were looking for, but lets get onto how the food tasted. Now, at the end of eating that much pizza, you don't really want to think about taste. However, I will say, at the very beginning when we just started, the pizza was very delicious. I would definitely go back for a couple pies. Would I get sausage and chicken? Probably not. But sausage and mushrooms? That's the ticket. And maybe, just maybe, one day, I will meet the Pointersaurus again. And I promise you if that day comes, I will be prepared. MUAHAHA! MUAHAHAHAHA!!! (Sorry about the maniacal laughter, it only seemed fitting.)
<review# 1924,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/8/2011,6/23/2011,45,335,,5,5>Pretty much everything everyone else has said is true - this place has some pretty amazing food! I still want to try out their Blue Plate special lunches, but in the meantime I can honestly say that they are a solid 5-star dinner choice. The restaurant is tiny and I'm guessing always packed so reservations are a must. We were seated right on time for our dinner reservation and pretty much had to squeeze into our chairs because there is no room between tables. The dining room is pretty bare and you won't get an overly romantic vibe here, as it's all about the food.For starters, I had the butternut squash soup and my husband had a salad (forget the name). That was by far the best butternut squash soup I've ever had and my husband raved about his salad. Our waiter informed us that everything on the menu was fresh and local (except the seafood) and they brought out the dishes as they were ready, so be prepared to not be served at the same time as your dining partner. I'd heard great things about the escolar so I got that. It came with two prawns. The escolar was amazing and even the prawns were good and I am generally not a fan. My husband got the mahi mahi and that, too, was delicious. They were both cooked perfectly and just tasted so quality. The portions are small, well really small for Midwest standards, but probably normal sized for the rest of Earth. But it was completely satisfying.Of course I had to try dessert and we got a maple pecan cake with coffee ice cream and fried apple pie. The cake was good, but OMG the fried apple pie blew me away. It was delicious! I highly, highly recommend.
<review# 1925,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/19/2010,6/22/2011,22,86,4,9,5>We are guilty, absolutely guilty, of spoiling our dog like a first born child.  Dog-Gone Furbabyz is such a great place for just that reason!First things first:  Every.  Single.  Time. I walk into this place, there is someone from the staff in the dog area playing with them and giving them attention.  This is huge to me, the dogs get close supervision and care.  Second:  They have a "3 Strikes and You're Out" rule for over aggressive dogs.  I am probably over protective of my big white fluff ball of death, but hey, I should be.  They've had dogs that had been there for a year or two, but three incidents and they're gone - no exceptions.They have a huge indoor area for both small and large dogs, as well as an overflow room upstairs (believe me, they get enough business that they actually use it!), and an outside area.  In the summer time they put those little kiddie pools out there for the dogs to cool off, it's a complete serving of doggie awesome.If you need overnight care (example: Oktoberfest last week, the fiance and I were going for all day drinking event, followed by God knows what/where for the after party) you can drop off for the day, and if you can't make it in time (and I hope you've left food for your little loved one) they'll be happy to keep them overnight.  Also, they don't board them, they just bring out cots and they have a little doggie slumber party.  I would recommend this business to absolutely any and everyone.
<review# 1926,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/29/2011,6/21/2011,238,242,6,14,10>I have a confession to make....Fratanga...I've cheated on you.  I've found a new love...De Palm Tree.  Don't get me wrong, I will always love you, but isn't there room for 3 in this relationship?Serving up some kick ass Jamaican Cuisine, De Palm Tree rivals anything I've had in Kingston or Montego Bay.  Located in a strip mall, this little joint is so unassuming but  oh so good! We went on a Friday night and were quickly seated at one of the few remaining tables.  It's a small place and the service is slow as other yelpers have stated, so if you don't like to wait for your food, then don't bother coming.When I try a place for the first time, I like to stick to the basics, so I ordered the fried plantains ($5.49) for an appetizer.  You can cook a plantain in so many different ways, but De Palm Tree's version is the traditional ripe (sweet) plantain fried in oil, slightly crisp and golden on the outside and soft in the inside. It's an absolute must if you've never tried before, and they were perfect here!For my entrée, I ordered the Jamaican jerked pork ($13.95).  Honestly, my expectations weren't very high.  I was in Jamaica a few months back and had memories of the best jerk pork from the world famous Pork Pit in Montego Bay.  I can honestly say I enjoyed De Palm's version just as much.  Marinated in spices and roasted, the pork is served smothered in a delicious jerk sauce with a side of veggies and peas and rice (aka-beans and rice).  I found the spice level to be mild and didn't crack a sweat, but I do have a high tolerance level.  My friend ordered the Spicy Red Snapper and I was lucky enough to sample his.  The fish was cooked perfectly and seasoned well with a crispy outer crust and firm meat inside.  I'm looking forward to trying the curry goat and oxtail stew in the future.  Unfortunately De Palm does not serve Jamaican Rum Cream, but they have a very nice rum punch and of course the traditional Red Stripe beer.  I didn't save room for dessert, but I've got my eye on the banana rum fritters next time, or maybe I'll order carry out sometime as I saw several people doing that.  It was a nice surprise having to walk through the kitchen to get to the restroom.  I was able to watch the chefs in action and commend them for a job well done.5 stars for great food, good vibes and laid back Jamaican service where no one is in a hurry.
<review# 1927,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/11/2010,6/20/2011,92,237,2,8,2>Interesting decor and an older building that gives a feeling of comfort and/or relaxation.LOVED the Cadillac Caip. I swear there was more fruit then beverage but I liked that. As a relative said it was a "drinky fruit" not a "fruity drink"I took the advice from another Yelper, when I ordered this, and it did pack a bit of a punch.My husband enthusiastically agreed that we should have our own meals, rather then share with only a $3 surcharge for sharing a meal, as he wanted to eat my leftovers the next day. hehe. I don't blame him. YUM.Appetizer:  Empanadas de BiféIt was good.  It reminded me of a pot pie that was fried. Who doesn't love pot pie? Waht?!  Don't look at me like that.  *insert nose wrinkle*  It was a very good lightly fried pot pie.  :)Feijoada de Ogum: Wow. What a fantastic meal. SO FILLING!A big pot of black beans with pork. You then ladle this soup onto a bed of rice, mix in the "farofa" ("Toasted manioc (yucca) flour seasoned with sautéed garlic, onions, carrots, raisins, and parsley,") and mix in the collard greens. Sounds like quite an effort but it is very easy and VERY yummy! Kicks a little bit of spice that sneaks up on you! A definite comfort food. You could easily share this with someone and both be very full and satisfied.The soup of the day was a Shrimp Bisque and I was all about that. A very good soup and also a wonderful comfort food.In general it was a very small menu but that doesn't matter if most the food on it is fantastically made...Well until we get to the Dessert part. heh.There were 3 items and not liking Amaretto, chose the Flan. It was meh. I have to add that although I have no idea what kind of coffee they have it was a GREAT cup of coffee!We had a pleasant waitress and it was a slow night as I'm sure all of those not at Oktoberfest were avoiding the immediate area like the plague.  So service was nice and the other service people were up on the water etc... Smiles by all.  This is definitely going to be one of the places we will keep coming back to. This one is going in our favorite list. TLDR: Go eat there!  Nice welcoming place.  Try the soup!!!Small menu. Don't expect to compromise and have something like a burger. The menu is small but good and true to their cuisine.   "Feijoada de Ogum" was featured in the St. Louis magazine and rightly so. YUM!3 dessert items, that's it. Flan was meh. If you are a dessert snob and Amaretto is not on your list, plan dessert somewhere else.  Coffee tasted great!
<review# 1928,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/6/2010,6/19/2011,27,82,,7,5>Crown Candy Kitchen is a blast from the past. It's almost 100 years old and looks like it hasn't really been renovated since then--the booths are for small, non-obese folks--and it's just so cool.Yes, the BLT (because is there a review here that doesn't mention it? No) is incredible. I wonder how many pig bellies are devoured there every day. The ice cream is made in-store. It's tasty and, yes, you must get a shake or malt while there. It adds to the old-school atmosphere.Their candies are also made in-store, and this is where Crown Candy really shines. Chocolates of all shapes and sizes, allsorts, and other treats are offered. The lines for this stuff during Christmas and Easter are out of control.In fact, the line to get into Crown Candy at any given time is usually out of control--be prepared to wait. It's like the Shake Shack of St. Louis. I find it's optimal to be there rightastheyopen or during dinner--people seem to forget that it's open past 5.This is a St. Louis institution, a 'must-do.' Good times--and food--for all.
<review# 1929,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/26/2011,6/18/2011,54,76,2,8,5>I am in the healthcare field, and I have never been a patient myself. I went to the ER recently for severe abdominal pain and was diagnosed pretty quickly with a large kidney stone. I was taken to radiology pretty quickly for a CT scan and the technician was very nice explaining everything to me. They just got a new CT scanner and the technician was very excited about the new technology which was nice to see. Everyone from the nursing staff to the transport person were all very nice.I came back later from surgery and the entire process was very efficient. Everyone was very thorough explaining everything to me. From my anesthesia team to my surgeon all were top notch. My recovery room nurse was wonderful and she was busy but she took the extra time to make sure I had everything I needed. HIghly recommend to all my friends and family for all their needs.
<review# 1930,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/28/2010,10/17/2010,6,39,6,6,4>I came to this place about mid afternoon the other day and to say that I was starving is an understatement. I came through the door fangs bared and frothing at mouth from hunger. I wanted something to fill the void and was in no mood for the standard overpriced burger, wings, fries etc that passes as the quick fix in Soulard. I remembered these guys had opened not long ago.Being the unapologetic carnivore I walked right up to the counter and asked, " which one of your Gyros is loaded with the most meat?"  After staring at me for a second and then laughing the counter jockey said:  "That would be The Doner Kabob and you're in luck as the baker made the flatbread a little bigger than usual today.How much?$5.75.Ya sold me pal, give me one!Now your buddy Ace is always on the look out for the killer deal and this was starting to really smell like one.They filled my order and had me out the door in less than 10 minutes. When I unwrapped this thing the only thing I could say was "WOW!". As stated previously, I was REAL hungry, but I was wondering if I could finish this double fister.The bread that it was on was very fresh and huge. There was just enough Tzatziki sauce which was creamy and seasoned just right as not to overpower the other great stuff that packed this monster: a big layer of meat with lettuce, tomatoes, onion, and Feta cheese piled on it. This thing was so good that I had no problem killing it in one sitting. Also, knowing that I got it at such a great price made it all that more satisfying.So, if you at that end of Russell doing a Soulard pub crawl and looking to score a quick  and filling meal or just looking for something somewhat healthy to scarf down for a solid drinking base before the Suds a Thon at a GREAT price, then these guys are definitely an option worth exploring I gave them 4 stars as they close at 7pm, so at the expense of maybe being called jackass or a horse's keester by some reviewers, they might want to reconsider their hours especially on weekends.Other than that, as Macarthur said, " I shall return"
<review# 1931,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/10/2010,10/16/2010,37,93,6,10,6>Classy.  Great Service.  GREAT food.  Great Atmosphere.  Moderate prices.  Original dishes.  Frazer's has all of these and more, which makes it one of the best restaurants in St. Louis.  I don't even know where to begin, because I love everything here.  The specials.  Frazer's has just as many specials every single night as the do regular menu items, and they are always coming up with new favorites on the menu.  If you are looking for a best kept secret, this place is one of the most underrated seafood restaurants in town.  I've had the Salmon Frazer, and it is excellent - fresh, great flavor.  Another best kept secret at Frazer's is the STEAKBURGER!!!!  Quite possibly the best burger I have ever eaten.  Ever.  Steak and Shake needs to take a lesson, becuase, because this is a real steakburger.  They make it fresh there at Frazer's, and it is juicy, succulent, and full of flavor.  I've had the steak, the duck, the meatloaf, the chicken - and many more and I feel like I haven't even tried half of the great dishes Frazer's has.  What more can hungry guy ask for!?!The wine list is fairly extensive and the drinks are fairly priced, and I've heard the bartender makes a pretty original drink, but I haven't tried it.  I am always so impressed by the servers here.  There is always at least 10-12 specials from salads, soups, and entrees, and the servers can always describe each one in very fine and intricate detail.  Best service staff in St. Louis.  They almost always offer a vegetarian and vegan option, so they cater to all crowds.  With the brewery in the backdrop, this place breathes St. Louis like no other place in town.  I just can't say enough good things about this place.  If I had a restaurant, I would want it to be Frazer's.  If I ever get to meet this person who they call Frazer, my only words would be "Well Done Sir."
<review# 1932,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/25/2010,10/15/2010,73,96,,6,3>This is truly a hidden gem in St. Louis.... especially if there is a burlesque show the night you go! I went with several girlfriends one evening for a Burlesque show evening and drinks. The ice cream martinis are absolutely amazing and well worth the money. You'll only need 1 or 2 anyway. The place is really different from other places in St. Louis and the service is great. Always entertaining. I am really excited to go back here!
<review# 1933,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/18/2010,10/14/2010,51,285,,6,5>AWESOME place to find fresh veggies from Thurs-Sat.  The guys/gals are so helpful and they can be quite humorous and good-natured; very important if you're taking your time looking at all the vegetables and fruits.  hey, i take my own pretty time.  this last week, i was able to get corn (3 for $1, and apparently passed the mom's test when she tasted them), green peppers (big ones for 2 for $1), rather large bunches of garlic (3 for $1), large cucumbers (2 for $1), and lemons (5 for $1).  i was bummed because they sold out of red onions (i went in early Fri. afternoon) and sometimes the chalk writing above the stalls can be too smudged to read; ergo, the 4-star rating.  don't worry:  i'm sure i'll upgrade to 5 when they ALWAYS have what i need!alerted by one of the guys, they try to buy locally from farmers as best as they can, a (+) for me. suggestion:  bring your own reusable bags, so it saves on using the skimpy brown bags provided, it's easier to gather your buys, and it's more gentle on the environment!
<review# 1934,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/1/2010,10/13/2010,102,258,4,4,3>Margaritas as big as my head? Yes, please.Las Palmas offers a selection of delicious margaritas in 16oz AND 32oz servings. Or in pitchers, if you're adventurous (and not driving). I'm also a fan of the array of tequilas. Public service announcement: Cuervo and Patron are NOT the only options in the tequila world. Las Palmas has no less than 20 different varieties, and the bartenders can help you out with your selection if you're not sure which one to try. I recommend Tenoch -- it's the one in the white and green clay jar -- very sweet, with a noticeable agave flavor (as opposed to Cuervo, which kinda tastes like rubbing alcohol). Oh yeah, and Las Palmas also has food. I'm sure it was tasty, but my attention was focused on the gigantic margarita, so I'll have to update this review another time.
<review# 1935,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/24/2010,10/12/2010,100,105,4,10,8>OK folks.  I cannot stress this enough.  If you are anywhere near Yemanja Brasil on a Friday between 5pm and 7pm--YOU MUST GO FOR HAPPY HOUR!!!!!!!!  Phew!  Upstairs they have a one drink minimum ($5) and you get all the yummy food they have so thoughtfully laid out for you.  They do a free appetizer buffet and it's pretty darn delicous.  Last time we went they had fish soup, spicy wings, and nachos.  The soup was amazing with huge chunks of salmon and a really flavorful broth.  The nachos were pretty generic--corn tortillas, fake cheese, jalepenos.  The wings were excellent.  Just spicy enough to make you sit up and take notice but not hot enough to make you curse the cook.The upstairs is also decorated beautifully.  Lots of tables, some couches, fireplace, some great local artwork and interestingly enough, a foozeball table is tucked away in the back out of sight from most of the tables.I really wish more people would make their way here.  It's too good a deal to pass up.  Hope to see you there next Friday!
<review# 1936,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,7/22/2010,10/11/2010,193,50,2,8,3>As a St. Louisan there are a few things you come to learn about this fair city. First, you learn that this is a baseball town more than anything else. Second, what high school you went to has a lot of importance (Hazelwood East High if you're curious). And finally, this is a city that loves it's beer. Not to say that hard liquor people don't have a place here, it's just that beer is more sought after than a lot of other spirits. Enter Six Row Brewing Company to the scene. First thing you'll notice is that this place is located quite close to SLU. Good idea considering college kids (who are of age) love to drink beer every so often. Also it's also within walking distance of the Grand Metrolink station which is nice for those transit folks who enjoy a brew or two. Also something you'll noticed is the place doesn't have a lot of decoration. A few TVs and the menu are the big attractions. It feels rustic but comfy at the same time. The barkeeps are very good at there job. They know the beers and are good for a conversation or two. I haven't had all the beers there yet but the ones I've had so far have been pretty good. The Honey Weizen was really unique. Sweet but pretty balanced. The Extra Pale Ale was solid as well. But my personal favorite was the Porter which is very similar in taste to a Guinness. It's as dark as a lonely night but it's exceptionally good. One gripe is that they only sell pitchers of beer one night a week. Just to warn you now and before you try to look. There isn't a large menu for this bar. This place specializes in beer and drinking beer. Yes you have popcorn available at the bar (which is the best idea ever). Billy Goat Chips, pretzels, pizzas are also available to buy but there isn't a full menu here. You can order food from other places and bring it in but that's about it. But on the upside you can buy growlers of your favorite beer to take home.Overall, I really really like this place. I gave it three stars because of there not being a full menu. A man/woman cannot live on popcorn and beer alone.If you're a beer guy/gal then this will become one of your favorite places to check out. Other than a few small gripes, I would definitely consider a return visit.
<review# 1937,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/10/2010,10/10/2010,159,623,10,10,10>Alright, I might as well get this out while I'm obnoxiously drunk...5:30pm - 3 intrepid crawfish enthusiasts arrive in hopes of beating the crowd.  There were none.  Doors didn't open til 6pm so we pregamed at the Stable.6:15pm - we get to the place and no crawfish yet.  People just hanging around... but there was some awesome corn bread (did one of hte varieties have vanilla?)6:20pm - I spend the time plugging the Gumbo Shop and their po'boy with gumbo and jambalaya in it (the kitchen calls it the "monster" btw... be sure to tip extra if you order it!!!!)6:45pm - First batch comes out.  Their boil was just crawfish that was seasoned after boilage... there were corn and potatoes but were boiled separately?  Dude... I have bigger pots than they do... just say'n.6:45pm - Wife realizes that there are no mushrooms, artichoke, garlic, onions, lemon, or sausage.  Damned straight, you'd better appreciate me now.6:50pm - I just laid waste to a pound of crawfish.  I get 2nds... then 3rds... the other two with me are still on their first pound... it's not about peeling the crawfish... it's about extraction!7:15pm - Crowd heats up.  We were surprised at how many people were here.  It's all good, though, because maybe 25% of the people were actually eating crawfish...8:00pm - by the 3rd batch it's become clear that nobody's quite eating it up anymore.  We go in for the kill.8:10pm - these guys were plugging some sauce... kind of like a creole sauce.... it was ok... but they were serving out some pretty decent stew...8:30pm - The bands inside finally get going.  The wife isn't too big a fan... but we were jsut concentrating on the crawfish anyway.8:45pm - we were just about done... but there were still more crawfish!!  My advice, order 50lbs less crawfish and stock up on the sausage, onions, garlic, and mushrooms... you'll save money and it's WAY BETTER ANYWAY.  Better yet... you should just ask me to help you guys out.  You remember me.  I was that one Asian guy that kept bugging you guys.9:00pm - we're done.  I would say that we finished at LEAST 12lbs of crawfish between the 3 of us.  Two of us take another shot before heading off.  This event's freaking awesome.
<review# 1938,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/28/2010,10/9/2010,60,35,3,6,5>Fortunately, I have some good friends with fabulous taste that won't take 'No' for an answer.Good for Groups: NoTakes Reservations: NoBut guess what? Reservations for 7 at 7:15pm for Lyn B.'s birthday on a Friday night! Score!Make sure to pay EXTRA attention when driving around to find Fritanga. It's a small little restaurant next to an old school barber shop that can be easily missed.I was definitely impressed by the quality of service - it was about a 1:15 server to diner ratio. The restaurant was packed & a group of people were willing to wait  ~30min at the bar until a table opened up. The food takes a while to prepare, but it's well worth the wait. FYI: Some of these aren't the exact names.Yucca Slices with GuacamoleA perfect crisp on the outiside with a soft inside. The guacamole was fresh with onion, garlic, & hard boiled egg. (The egg part was new to me, but it was good for texture.)Carne Asada (Traditional Dish)Chargrilled roasted beef. (Sounds plain, but was definitely juicy, tender, & flavorful)Platano LocoPulled chicken or beef with melted swiss sandwiched in between two crispy plantains. (Tasted good, but I like the my meaty-er dishes!)Each entree came with a side of slaw + rice & beans,Will definitely be trying the empanadas next time around!P.S. You know when food is good when it still tastes good as leftovers!
<review# 1939,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/6/2010,10/8/2010,11,126,3,6,3>I remember this quote from Friends: "What's Joey's favorite food? - Sandwiches". That always killed me.Joey would eat at Legrands. I can't believe some of the combinations this place has for sandwiches, there are just so many to pick from, it's insane. My friend told me to get the Legrand's Club, so I mistakenly told them I'll take the club, they asked me which one?Order at the counter, get some Billy Goat chips and a Jones soda and sit outside and watch the neighborhood.
<review# 1940,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/22/2013,2/22/2014,68,274,4,12,8>Almost could't find this place because of the dang apostrophe in the name.  Nobody could spell it to plug it into the GPS or Yelp.Went for lunch with a coworker.  Had the sandwich with a side of pasta special with their normal sandwich and ravioli.  Added a side of garlic cheese bread.  Not sure what the 'normal' sandwich is...I just said "give me that also" after my coworker ordered.  I have learned to do that with this guy because otherwise I end up with food envy every time.The sandwich was yummy and the sweet bread worked well.  It was ham and salami with american cheese I think.  The ravioli was tasty too - the sauce was meaty and had just enough sweetness without being a "sweet sauce."Didn't really eat the cheesy garlic bread...not into provel.  The server told me she doesn't like it either but its good on their bread so I tried it, but just never met a provel I liked.  Which was a shame because it was a really big portion - I would say that I could have shared with my coworker, but he ate all of his.  The sandwich, specifically the bread, is what would bring me back.
<review# 1941,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/28/2013,2/21/2014,103,317,8,11,13>It's been awhile since I've yelped, so the first review emerging from hibernation needs to be a spectacular one. And I couldn't think of a better one than Pie Oh My!I first came across Pie Oh My! during the Maplewood Christmas Tree Walk. Jane had recently just opened off of the main Maplewood drag, and a bunch of us Yelpers had trooped in near the end of the night. She had made cute little sugar cookies out of leftover pie crust, and it was pretty good. The bite I stole of Mandie M's pie was pretty good too, and I made a mental note to come back someday.Fast forward some months later and I was wanting to treat my team to something special...they always kick butt for me...and usually, I like to bring a little something of St. Louis. And who doesn't like pie?! So they picked banana cream and chocolate bourbon pecan. I'm not a big fan of bananas or um...chocolate, so you should have seen my raised eyebrows. But you know, it's my team...so after being all "What? Pick pear apple! Doesn't caramel sound good? How about pumpkin??!?", I dutifully filled out the online form several days ahead of a Saturday pickup. And didn't hear anything back. I guess it's because with everything you order online nowadays, you get a confirmation back, and I could have sworn that it was written somewhere, but I just checked, and no, there's no assurance that you get a confirmation receipt. So worriedly I placed several calls (because I was going to make a special trip in for this). Jane was actually pretty hard to get ahold of (she did tell me after that she had a special order/event), but she finally did get back to me to reassure me that the pies would be ready. Lesson: Either place your faith in the bowels of the internet or call and place your order. But I think a confirmation receipt would be awesome too.I wouldn't be surprised if Jane thought I was a crazy customer secondary to my repeat phone calls for confirmation, compounded with the fact that I did not realize she closes an hour earlier on Saturday. She had actually even called me after closing to remind me of my pies, but I didn't hear it ring. I got there 20 minutes after close, but she was still there, thankfully. And the pies smelled heavenly.  But the taste!So here we all were on a Monday standing around the breakroom looking at the pies. And they were so beautiful no one wanted to cut into them. I just remember Nora and I taking a bite at the same time of the chocolate bourbon one...and our eyes just popped open at each other from across the room. And she was said, "Oh my..." while I said, "Holy cow! What is this? Crack?!" So now...the chocolate bourbon one is now known in my circle as crack pie. It was...amazing. So was the banana cream actually, but the chocolate bourbon pecan one...just stole the show. Everyone was raving about it...and those pies were gone before 10 AM. So...couple of thoughts. If the pies were that good two days after they came out of the oven, can you just imagine how awesome they must be piping fresh? Yeah, I've salivating a little while I'm typing this. If you're putting in an order or wanting to be sure to get a specific type of pie, do give Jane a call a couple days before dropping in. She does the whole operation...so I can imagine how busy she must get. And she'll be as sweet as pie about it too. Full size pies are $20-$25, five inch pies $10 to $12, tart-sized pies $5, and mini pies are $3. Go to her website for the most current flavors she's baking. You won't regret it.
<review# 1942,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/2/2013,2/20/2014,148,199,8,13,12>My favorite Farmer's Market!Amazing vendors - Baetje Farms (superb goat cheese), Salume Beddu, Whisk (their popsicles are both interesting/refreshing/delish), Double Star Farm, MO Grass Fed Beef, Companion....etc. Food Trucks! - A big fat Holy Crepe or I love love love The Big Cheese - making grilled sandies utilizing all the local ingredients, found at the market - how perfect is that?!Free Yoga! - It's at 9 a.m., and the instructor is f-ing hilarious.This place is just full of activities - yogis, foodies, kiddies, and in summer, usually some live music and/or a wedding happening at Piper Palm House. Best in St. Louis! -  says the yogi who loves fresh foods (is there any other way to get tomatoes and lettuces?)
<review# 1943,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/19/2013,2/19/2014,102,98,6,13,7>Biggie's, Biggie's, Biggie's, can't you see sometimes your burgers just hypnotize me.Oh man.I don't even know what to say.All the sounds that came out of my mouth while eating here weren't even words. The bf seriously asked me if I was going to have a foodgasm while I was chowing down.I ordered a bbq burger($8.50) with soft cheddar and grilled onions. It came on a bakery bun but I was offered it on garlic bread if I had wanted. I also substituted waffle fries for and additional 75 cents.The bf ordered the grilled chicken sandwich with pickles, lettuce, and tomato. It also came on a bakery bun but he was given the same choice of garlic bread. He played it healthy and ordered cottage cheese with his sandwich.I didn't taste the chicken but the bf said it was good. My burger was freakin' fantastic. Seriously. The best burger I've had in St. Louis. Big, juicy, cooked well done as I had requested. The grilled onions complemented the char-grilled flavor and the bbq sauce. The soft cheddar oozed out of the sides. So tasty. Then to top it off the waffle fries were, again, the best I've had in St. Louis. Maybe anywhere. The were seasoned well but didn't taste too salty. They had a nice texture and an awesome flavor. Our waitress was awesome. Friendly with some flair. She was helpful, attentive, and knew the menu and options well.We sat on the "patio" (tables outside of the building) so I can't speak of the ambiance but the weather was great.We will mos def be back and I'll be recommending Biggie's to anyone looking for a good burger.
<review# 1944,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/3/2013,2/18/2014,44,152,4,9,7>My wife and I came here this past Friday night, as we were looking to try a new place.  Cyrano's is located in Webster right off Lockwood.  We like to try new places as often as we can.  I do my best not to fall into the rut that my parents do, where Steak-n-Shake is a weekly dinner venue.  Not that there's anything wrong with Steak-n-Shake, but I digress.We got here at about 8:00, and the restaurant wasn't too busy except for one large group celebration that was going on near our table.  I did like the decor of this place.  Lots of tables and a few booths.  They did have what appeared to be a nice outdoor area, but it was too hot to sit outside.  The only thing that put me off about this place happened right away.  It's a definite pet peeve of mine when I get seated at a restaurant, and then I don't see anyone come to our table for 10 minutes.  This happened here, and my wife and I were quite annoyed.  Once our server arrived, she was very nice and helpful, though.We started off with an appetizer, which was a goat cheese and marinara type sauce that came with bread for dipping.  It was quite good.  My wife and I both commented that we would get it again.  She was even using it to dip her fries in.  For our entrees, I ordered the roast beef sandwich ($7.95), and my wife the BLT (approx $7.95).  If you want fries, that costs an additional $2.  I thought my sandwich was very good, and it was just the right amount of food.  My wife enjoyed hers as well.  After looking at their impressive dessert menu, we decided to split a piece of carrot cake.  I'm not a big fan of carrot cake, but it was pretty good.  I'd probably get something else next time.  Overall, another good experience at a new restaurant.  We'll give this place another shot when we're back in Webster Groves again.
<review# 1945,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/5/2013,2/17/2014,172,294,6,12,7>metal dissection looking trays, old school metal benches, rustic looking space, glass flasks with rubber stoppers, and amazing coffee makes this a fantastic coffee experience. they roast their beans in the back and you can watch as long as someone is roasting! it's really neat and i really hope i'm here again when the beans are getting all caramelized in the roaster. the coffee here is phenomenal -- like Comet Coffee and Sump good! I came in yesterday to try this place because I was so excited and i'm very glad I did! There was a mexico (which my friend got), an ethipian (which i have yet to try), and a kenyan (which i got). The kenyan was really good. I had to forcibly stop myself from drinking that stuff or it would keep me up all night. Finally, it was a great surprise to me when I walked in and the barista knew my name. I'm terrible at remembering people so I had to ask him where he knew me from. Apparently I really did go to Kaldi's too much. It was really nice to feel welcome from the start though, so that was a cool personal touch. I'm really excited this place opened! I'll come back often to try their sampling of coffees. The coffee roaster guy in the back said they were going to buy small batches of beans and try to switch up the coffees every 3 months or so. I can't wait to see what else they'll provide!
<review# 1946,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/7/2014,2/16/2014,457,314,8,12,13>The companies lawyer came by and said lets go to lunch.  I knew where we were going because he has a serious like of Spiro's.  So here we go.  I wanted to order the Gyros but I can't spell tzatziki.  I flipped the lunch menu to the back and saw what I wanted.  The Lamb Shank.  Since I am over 60 and there are rules about soup and 60 I started with the Greek lemon chicken soup.  Then the lamb shank came out.  It was not a shank  it was darn near a whole leg of lamb.  Served with rice and vegetables.  I wish I did not get the soup because the shank was more than enough.  Wonderful flavor cooked to beyond belief tenderness.  Yes I ate it all and I am glad.  I get to Spiro;s about once a year and I wanted to enjoy every last bit of the shank.The usual great service came with the usual great food.  I think this place is every bit as good or better as any Greek place I have been to in Chicago.
<review# 1947,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/19/2013,2/15/2014,56,220,,9,5>Pappy's part deux!!! Same great prices, similar style food with some excellent additions. I had a salami sandwich with two sides, there was so much meat, I couldn't finish it.  The pit beans have their sweet jane bbq sauce and burnt ends in them. Great addition for beans, so much flavor! The sauce flavors on the table are Sweet Jane, Carolina Vinegar and my favorite Cranberry Cayenne. The sweet spicy notes were a great combination with the smoke pepper flavor of the salami.From a person who is not a huge fan of red meat, but a huge fan of flavor Adams is on my roster to bring all of my friends. Oh! And no line! Yet!
<review# 1948,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/25/2013,2/14/2014,85,110,,12,5>A childhood/teenage dream / bucket list item has come true. Seriously, I have always dreamed about going to this place. When you see Bristol from the outside it always gave off a very "expensive" feel to me. I always thought this was a restaurant out of reach. This past Friday I finally got to go. I was completely blown away. Service was excellent. I say that considering I'm a pretty high-maintenance patron. Restaurant and bathrooms were very well kept and clean. Dinner experience was epic. Food came out in a timely manner. Oh, they have a gluten-free menu also (Winning!). Bristol is known in St. Louis for seafood, so I wanted to put this fact to the test. I first ordered the shrimp cocktail. Oh my! Those shrimp were huge! They tasted fresh and were served on ice with a mild cocktail sauce. NOTE: I never could figure out why restaurants serve five instead of six. :)I ordered their spinach and watercress salad (roasted beets, poached pears, candied walnuts, gorgonzola, walnut vinaigrette) salad. It was good and clean in taste and not overpowering. For my main course, I ordered the Bluenose "Butterfish" from New Zealand. Sides were the roasted brussels sprouts with La Quercia prosciutto and mustard (super yum). My other side was the roasted cauliflower with bacon and onion jam (another total yum!).The Blunose "Butterfish" was non-fishy, mild, clean and was cooked to perfection. Overall - what a fabulous dining experience. Thank you  Bristol for an excellent evening. Bottom line: If you are looking for a wonderful, calm, romantic place for seafood go here!
<review# 1949,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/16/2013,2/13/2014,194,81,,11,7>I have been seeing musicals at New Line Theatre since 1998, or so.  Wow, that's a long time.  My first show there was Songs for a New World, which is still one of my favorite shows to this day.  The shows are always the highest quality and the ticket prices are reasonable.  Recently, I had the opportunity to join the tweet seats so I can combine my two passions of social media and musical theatre.  Scott Miller, the artistic director, is truly visionary and his shows never disappoint, even when I walk in thinking I am not going to enjoy a show.
<review# 1950,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/25/2010,2/26/2010,100,105,3,7,4>Normally when I walk into a restaurant and there are no other customers I walk right back out.  I'm a risk taker when it comes to food but there's a difference between risk and russian roulette.  This time I stayed for two different reasons and I'm really glad that I did.  One--upon entering I was met with such a hopeful look from the host/server that I do believe he may have cried had I walked back out.  Two--it was 8:45pm in Creve Coeur.  Ain't nothin' open past 9pm in Creve Coeur folks so to me it made sense that they were empty.  Hence, my decision was made to enter and eat.  J and I shared soft spring rolls.  Very fresh crispy veggies inside.  A bit small for the price but still yummy.  I had the pad thai.  Boring I know but it tends to be my benchmark for rating a Thai restaurant.  This was a good solid pad thai.  Not gonna blow your socks off by any means but a very good value.  Now J's dish on the other hand is what I'm coming back for next time.  Chicken noodle soup.  How simple is that?  A chicken noodle soup that made me curse my pad thai and try to steal from my darling.  It's very straightforward soup--a clean light homemade broth, rice noodles, white chicken, green onions, cilantro, and bean sprouts.  I just know I'm going to wake up thinking about that broth.  Sometimes it's the simple things that grab ya and won't let go.
<review# 1951,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/4/2010,2/25/2010,24,184,4,9,7>Great old tavern.  Some may say "dive bar" and that's a compliment in this age of shrinking family owned corner bars.  "Locals only" would not be appropriate, as all are greeted as treasured guests, but this ain't no college bar  where you'll get away with acting the ass either.You can't miss the place on Morganford and Oleatha.  It's the place with the sailboat in the front yard.  Yes, this little bar has a tiny front-yard and sits amongst the residential area south of the railroad tracks.The owner, Bob (how about that?) is a gem and he treats all of his customers to a warm welcome and departure.  The young barmaids are easy on the eyes, friendly and attentive.  The prices are typical south city tavern ($1.50-$2.00 longnecks/$3 rail cocktails).The decor is Key West Kitsch and heavy mariner, including a massive ship's wheel mounted in the center of the bar.  There are 2 men's rooms and a ladies room for wheel chair access.Bob's little secret is that he has what I consider to be one of the best little bar pool tables in St Louis.  Yes, there is only one, but the roll is true, the sticks well-tipped and straight and there is mostly ample room to maneuver around the table.  Bob doesn't allow leagues, which accounts for the condition of the felt and sticks, so if you're a knucklehead looking to go in and tear a place up with your crew, stay away.  If you want a competitive afternoon of pool with your buddies, this is the place.  Also has HD Golden Tee and Silver Strike Bowling.Lots of old televisions scattered around so you can see most games on broadcast or sports cable if you like...just ask.No food served other than chips or pretzels so the smoking ban will not affect this place for a few years.Doesn't open on Saturday afternoons until after 3 p.m. so if you're looking for a place to shoot pool, adjust schedule accordingly.  Opens on most holidays (Christmas Day/New Year's Day).Sometimes live bands play here (like Poco).In summary, a real working man's (or woman's) kind of place you can go enjoy a drink, a smoke, a game or some good conversation and hospitality without having to spend an hour getting ready for, as noone really gives a $hit what you look like here.5th star is for the change machine next to the pool table.
<review# 1952,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/10/2009,2/23/2010,384,258,3,3,4>Went here for the first time on a Sat. night about 10pm.  The place was PACKED and SMOKEY as Hell....but hey, this is an Irish PUB!  We found our little pocket in a corner near the bar and settled in to enjoy some awesome Irish songs provided by the incredible Brendan.Everyone in the entire bar seemed to know all of the words to all of the songs (not an exaggeration) and everyone sang along while swaying back and forth arms around each other holding their Guinness glasses high. We had soooooooo much fun that this is now my new favorite dive bar.I'm an instant regular!!!!
<review# 1953,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/8/2009,2/22/2010,22,86,4,4,3>First trip to Modesto Tapas last night, and I have to say I had a great meal.  Although I also have to say that my head is splitting right now due to a pitcher of Sangria (for me, not the table, thus the colorful haze surrounding my computer screen right now).Had quite a list of food so I'll dive right in:Jamon Serrano, Manchego Cheese - Let's face it, these aren't the most exciting of ingredients but to start a meal I can't imagine much better.  Their Manchego cheese was perfect by the way, strong and nutty (like me) without being overpowering (not like me).Datiles Rellenos (Bacon wrapped dates) - Stuffed with a cabrales cheese, a spanish blue cheese, these are extremely addictive.  FYI, one of the easiest and most impressive things you can make for a dinner party appetizer.  Just remember to render the bacon a bit first before wrapping or you'll end up with fatty bacon and burnt dates.Albondigas Caseras (veal and pork meatballs) - Had these by the piece off of the happy hour menu.  I immediately said to my wife that they desperately needed some sort of punch and a sauce.  On the real menu I noitced they are supposedly served with Manchego and tomato sauce which would be great, but came out plain for us which made them good but nothing special.Prawns A La Plancha - The only real disappointment of the night.  For multiple reasons.  First, they were called "prawns" and going to be served with their heads on.  Now I don't know about you but when I hear this in a relatively upscale restaurant I'm envisioning huge shrimp (or, god forbid, what is actually known as a PRAWN) and sucking of heads in my future.  So I'm immediately excited as you simply can't find this around here.  Unfortunately what I received were basic gulf shrimp whose shells were extremely fragile (a sign of not great quality shrimp).  Secondly, and more importantly, they just weren't very good, one might say bad even.Bistec A La Cabrales - This was a grilled hanger steak with port reduction and some crumbles of Cabrales blue cheese.  And it was simply phenomenal.Bunuelos De Bacalao - (Salt Cod Fritters).  Served with a little lemon aioli I really liked these puppies.  Creamy and moist inside with a hushpuppie crispness to the outside of the fritter.  Yum.  If I could do anything to improve this dish it would be to go through one more change of water on the salt cod to remove just a touch more salt.  Otherwise perfect.Tortilla Espanola - This was my wifes daily favorite when she lived in Spain.  She thought it was just ok, but not worthy of her memories.  I'm not a huge fan simply because I don't like dishes like this served cold so I can't really judge.  Patatas Dos Salsas - Crispy fingerling potatoes in tomato sauce and a bit of aioli over the top.  OK, two things here.  1) They are NOT "crispy" 2) It doesn't matter because they are still surprisingly very, very good.Churros Y Chocolate - This on the other hand, met all my wifes expectations.  And also illicited some of her anger as I kept reaching across the table to steal some.Pastel De Tres Leches - My first taste was a bit of a disappointment as I like my spongecake to be absolutely soaked, and this wasn't.  But if I'm honest I have to say that it was great as it just might have been the most tender spongecake I've ever put into my mouth.There was also bread brought to the table with a olive, anchovy, olive oil tapenade that was extremely good.As you can imagine, I'm still stuffed 12 hours later.Here's the thing.  It was amazingly cheap all things considered.  What did all of the above, including the pitcher of sangria, cost my wife and I?  Between 60-70 dollars.  How?  Couple of tips.  We went during happy hour and sat in the bar area where they let us order off both the happy hour menu and the main menu.  Several of the items are available by the piece (and cheap) on the happy hour menu so we ordered those from there.  Pitchers of Sangria were half-price.  And by signing up on their website they send you a coupon to get one main menu Tapas free.  So basically the whole meal was virtually half what it should have been.  Will I go back?  You can bet your sweet culo we will.  Now, where'd I put those aspirin and pepcid....(FYI, noticed on the menu that they carry Alonso del Yerro on the wine menu.  If you've never had it you really do owe it to yourself to find a bottle)
<review# 1954,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/29/2009,2/21/2010,41,37,4,6,7>The Bleeding Deacon is a lot like St. Louis itself: easy to ignore, or worse, miss entirely.  It's nestled away in unassuming chunk of south city, in the nightlife no-man's land between South Grand/Morgan Ford and Bevo Mill.  Instead, it's kind of unceremoniously plopped down amongst Chippewa's derelict, semi-industrial clutter, used car lots, a cut-rate sex shop, and what appear to be Vietnamese mob fronts.  It makes a first impression that doesn't necessarily beckon you forth.  I won't lie, it even looks a little scary.  But step over the cracked pavement & wedge open the massive door, and you're treated to a little taste of first division hipster right here on the southside.  But this is still St. Louis, after all.  There is a bit of a "too cool for this planet" vibe mixed in with the haze of secondhand smoke (come on STL, get with it already), but mostly it's all of the fun of the scene without the actual scene.At the Bleeding Deacon you'll get super solid beer prices and selection, everything from cheap, crisp PBR draughts to Schlafly's seasonal offerings to bottles from obscure English breweries.  The only true annoyance is that they don't do pitchers.  Er, wot?  The crowd is a people-watcher's joy: pregnant-looking hipster males testing out the validity of that recent NY Times article about the "resurgence of the beer gut" mix with indie rock chicks, good-looking "oh yeah, I'm in a band" types, and cool, comfortable looking neighborhood folks.  The decor rocks, with old school STL ephemera (the old monochrome license plates!  Mayoral election posters from the '70s!) scattered everywhere and a smattering of those impossibly comfy plush vinyl booths that you don't see nearly enough of anymore.  It's also a well set up space.  The front area, with most of the booths, the bar, and some high tables, is wonderfully tight.  But there's also whole extra section at the back with random tables to handle a rush.  Overall, it sports just the right amount of dank.  It's clubby but not claustrophobic.  The only true negative is that it's seriously loud.  Sometimes that's what you're after, but if you're in the mood to have the words coming out of your mouth heard by other human beings?  This isn't always the best venue.Most impressively, the Deacon's sports the most killer jukebox in the middle states.  Seriously, this is *the* place in the city to rock out to the 'Mats, to spin some old soul and R&B, or to go Brit with a big selection of Echo & the Bunnymen, Jam, Smiths, Stone Roses, Pet Shop Boys, et al.  There's also enough to satisfy your (un)ironic hair metal needs, as well plenty of alt. rock and proper tear in your beer country.  Just flat out the kind of box where you don't think twice about dropping at least five bucks at once and standing there for a half hour poring over the selection and building the perfect playlist.There's also food, and it's supposed to be way better than your average pub chow, although each time I've frequented it's been late enough that I've not seen a menu or any indication that it's still possible to order anything.  But there's clearly a kitchen and a miniature server's station way in a back corner, and it got a more plus than minus blurb in the RFT, so...Far from being merely a "eh, that wasn't so bad", the Bleeding Deacon has become a regular destination, and truthfully, my new favorite local bar.
<review# 1955,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/18/2010,2/20/2010,102,258,7,8,7>Pappy's managed to get 5 stars from me before I even took a bite of my delicious, delicious lunch. After lunch? I want to give it more than 5 stars. First, let's talk about the food. I mean, this is a restaurant review after all. I'd definitely rank this in my top 5 BBQ of all time list, and it made the top 3 once I discovered the delicious mix of Original and Sweet Baby Jane sauces. The BBQ is incredible even without sauce, but I swear, I could drink that stuff. And the side dishes? Don't even get me started. Sweet potato fries and Deep. Fried. Corn. There is a reason that people wait in line here, trust me.Know what, though? The food could be totally mediocre (it's not, though...promise!), and I'd still love this place. The people here are just so nice -- nice in a "the service rocks" kind of way, and nice in a "they're really, really good people" kind of way, too. When we came in for lunch on Sunday, 100% of the sales were being donated to a children's charity. Class acts, all around.
<review# 1956,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/10/2009,2/19/2010,59,177,3,2,3>They should be open on Sundays.
<review# 1957,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/20/2010,2/18/2010,80,266,5,7,4>Did you know that they have a huge conveyor belt in the back that enrobes your goodies in luscious milk chocolate? Did you know that the dark chocolate enrober is upstairs? Neither did I until I attended the monthly Downtown Dutchtown (DT2) event in my neighborhood. I got to send some strawberries and Oreos down the belt, and sample some of Merb's finest chocolates.Valentine's Day is right around the corner (like you need a reason for some chocolately goodness.) Stop in and grab a heart-shaped box. Or some molasses puffs. Or some S'mores. I already did!
<review# 1958,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/29/2009,2/16/2010,11,126,1,5,5>You remember that scene in Vacation where they drive through St. Louis (Well it's supposed to be ESL, but they screwed that up)? Roll em up. Well that kind of sums up my trip to Crown Candy Kitchen.Before you take me for a St. Charlatan or Chesterfieldian, I live in Downtown STL, so I'm pretty used to being not in a room with only white folk. But man, Old St Louis is like Beirut, except with Church's, it was hard to believer the  area was just a few miles from my place. (Sorry wanted to make people aware).Suddenly you see a nice block and nice cars, is this heaven, not it's Crown.Man, I imagine my grandfather coming in here as a kid and it looking the same, I think I saw Wally and the Beav sipping on a malt. Seriously though, this place has the best BLT and Malt I've ever had (although, I don't know what the difference between a shake and malt is , just add malt?). The bacon for the blt is kettle cooked, I'm not exactly sure what that means, but I liked kettle cooked chips, so I assume it's some type of frying. The BLT is as good as they come.The malts, there are so many to pick, but I would suggest sharing it, don't try and be a hero, very rich, so keep up with the water as well.There will probably be a line, so plan ahead, but enjoy a rel St. Louis classic.
<review# 1959,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/16/2010,2/15/2010,159,623,8,11,9>Wow... a lot has changed in the two years since I've been to the Donut Stop...I've changed jobs twice...I drive a different car...Got Married...Bought a house...Got two crazy dogs...A lot of other things too... but you know what hasn't changed?  The Donut Stop.We are rarely ever in this area.  A friend of mine who's leaving for Iraq today was seriously jonesing for a solid donut so we decided to trek down there for donuts and coffee.  Man oh man it was as good as ever.Their sugar twist (I don't know what class of donut it would be...) has that just slightly crispy exterior that gives way to this soft almost creamy fluffy interior.  Man... so freaking amazing.  After having two donuts, we left... hungrier...NOW OFF TO DIM SUM!
<review# 1960,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/27/2014,8/12/2014,111,674,4,9,5>OMG!  This place is really good.  Better than any BBQ that I've had.  I came here on a Saturday night knowing that there was no sports game playing nearby.  Less crowded around 5:30 p.m..  The pulled pork sandwich was tender & delish!  The mustard potato salad was sooo good & crunchy!   Foodgasm after foodgasm.  I am soooo glad that I listened to my friends about this place.  Parking is a bit of a pain in the butt, but totally worth it.  There's an upstairs room that I didn't even try going.  Tiny hole in the wall.  I am sooo coming back here to try other things.
<review# 1961,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/7/2014,8/11/2014,117,126,11,8,5>Getting the bad out of the way first:Please put a sign on your building. I hope it's just in the works. I drove around four times. Which put me into frustrated/crabby mode when I walked in.Is a liquor license coming? A nice Bloody Mary could have quelled that crabbiness pretty fast. OK, onto the good:-The manager/owner (?) sensed my hangriness and like magic, the most delicious wings I've ever had appeared on our table with an apology for any slow service, as someone had called out. Honestly, this turned the whole visit around for me. That was an excellent touch. I try not to even go to a restaurant so hungry I'm crabby, but it happened. And it was like someone gave me a big chicken wing shaped Xanax. So thank you. I love you.For $3, I got a pretty fine 1/4 lb burger. The price was right and it was that good kinda diner burger. Not fancy - just tasty. Dirty fries were just OK. Kinda bland. I'll definitely be back. Once there's a liquor license.
<review# 1962,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/13/2014,8/10/2014,72,204,2,9,5>Best venue to see a show in STL, in my opinion. There's not a bad seat in the house (if you actually want to sit) but the Pit is usually where it's at! I don't mind standing for a good show and you can always get really close to the performer which is fun. I've seen lower key shows like Bela Fleck, but also experienced high energy Chromeo, and everything in between. It's easy to make a night out of it when you go out to dinner first and get drinks afterwards. A great venue in a great part of STL!
<review# 1963,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/19/2014,8/9/2014,148,199,3,8,5>I love Urbies - and this new location is a great big massive beer-hall kinda place. It does feel a little skeletal right now, on account of it's size and sparseness in decor. I think it's kinda cool, they seemed to have opened as soon as they could, to get the beer flowing and people able to check it out. I saw they got their massive sign up a few weeks ago, which looks pretty sick (before the building itself was huge, but you couldn't exactly tell what it was from first glance)!It's still a big fat baby, and it'll need to develop it's personality. :) I can't wait for some large-scale events to start crankin here - there is plenty of room for some beer festivals! Oh, and triple points for having INDOOR bike parking!
<review# 1964,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/6/2014,8/8/2014,29,89,5,9,5>I recently went back for dinner and I had an equally great experience. We ordered a different roll that came to our table in flames--and yes I get it for the cool effect but also because it gives it that wonderful tender taste to the fish. We got the udon entree again--I just can't get enough of this dish!! Their broth is so light but savory--how do they do it? They also bring it to you with that ladle looking spoon and the red pepper flakes which just makes it that much better and more authentic. We also ordered an appetizer--spicy fish salad I think it's called? It's basically fish (sashimi style) with some greens mixed with that korean style sweet red spicy sauce--its the amazing sauce that makes this dish. It's obvious this place pays attention to detail with everything they do.
<review# 1965,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/5/2014,8/7/2014,99,408,,7,4>I bought a Groupon with very little expectation and ended up using all my sessions. I tried Zumba, Sexy Fitness, Flexibility/Body Conditioning, and Hip Hop. The owner Arica taught most of the classes I took. She was amazing, outgoing and super clear with her instructions (and boy can she move on that floor)! The classes always started on time; sign-up and scheduling/checking in was easy and organized; other students are friendly. There are resident dancers participating in a lot of the classes but no need to feel threatened or embarrassed just because your body doesn't twist and turn the same graceful ways. I always got a fantastic workout at end of all my hourly sessions. I can't recommend this studio enough. I will be back for more Zumba classes and maybe eventually will up my nerves for the Tango classes that I've been wanting to take.
<review# 1966,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/27/2014,8/6/2014,224,225,3,5,2>This is one great Antique mall that is hidden off of 94 in St. Charles. However, it is tarnished by a very greedy seller. Let me explain.I cruised Craigslist for people selling vinyl records. I am a newbie in vinyl collecting, so I search thrift shops and antique stores for cheap and hard to find vinyl records. So, I saw an advertisement on Craigslist for $1 vinyls. I had to visit because he was also advertising Beatles, The Who and Led Zepplin and I thought, this was too good to be true. It was. Nothing at this location was priced at $1. The Beatles was at least $20. Some of the vinyls were averaged at $5-$8. Some were $10 up to $20. Typical bait and switch tactics. I showed the management at the Antique shop the Craigslist advertisement and they immediately contacted the seller, who wasn't available and spoke with his wife. I wasn't in the mood to wait for a con artist, so I agreed to pay full price for my records and leave. I was advised to contact the seller by email and I have yet to receive a response. The customer service from the store itself was pretty on par and they have a nice amount of Antiques. The store is amazingly clean and bright. I would definitely recommend, but also be aware of some sneaky sellers. Caveat emptor!
<review# 1967,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/5/2014,8/5/2014,75,288,4,9,5>A friend of mine spotted this as we were on our way to a Fish Fry. What a great spot! Right across from a park - because who doesn't want to go down a slide after a couple of drinks! I had the Jack rose, it was subtle and strong, and I usually don't order anything with Gin. None of the drinks were cloyingly strong, but they were good pours. I tried the bf's purple martin. If they are known for nothing except this drink that would not be a bad thing. The best thing I've had in a while. Our waitress advised against it if I wasn't in the mood for anything really fruity. But I am glad I tried it - it's made of grape soda, lemon juice and grenadine (I think). I do have a penchant for  syrupy drinks (so it that's not your thing you might want to get something else). It was delicious, sweet, but not too sweet, and the lemon juice really evened it out. I had a slice of the garlic mozzarella flatbread, and ended up tasting the freshest mozzarella I've ever tasted. It tasted so different from any other mozzarella I've ever had I thought it was a different cheese. And, the atmosphere was great, the decor is absolutely gorgeous, wood everywhere and plenty of space. One of the proprietors, Brooke, introduced herself, and really welcomed us, one by one. It is a really great place, all the staff was sooo sweet, the food was great, and I can't wait to get back and try another purple martin. They also mentioned they will be doing brunch with bloody mary and mimosa specials. I really appreciated all the personal touches and really being welcomed into the restaurant. Def will be back.
<review# 1968,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/9/2014,8/4/2014,132,135,5,8,7>My mom was in town and we were both having a serious craving for a burger.I had been wanting to try Stacked and I thought it would be less crowded than the Dam (which I also REALLY want to try) so onward south we went!I think we went around noon on a Saturday and it was full but not packed and we didn't have to wait for a table. We met Christine F. and her mom there too which made it even more fun! We all ordered something different, but all got what we came for..burgers. My judge of a good burger is really quite simple: 1) does it have some seasoning (but not too much)? and  2) is it cooked how i wanted, which is always, medium. Please tell me WHY hardly any place get this right??? But guess what? Stacked nailed it! YAY!I got my burger on sourdough which was perfectly buttery and toasty, cheddar and bacon. It was perfection!Everyone else loved their food too. And my mom was in town a few weeks later and guess where she wanted to go?.....and yes, it was just as good the 2nd time around. Can't wait to go back!
<review# 1969,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/10/2014,8/3/2014,180,273,1,6,3>Totally impressed by Filomena's catering. I researched different Italian restaurants to cater a baby shower and Filomena's was definitely the most affordable. We ordered rolls, salad, arancini, and lasagna for 24 people for around $8/person. The lasagna was very soft and flavorful and the arancini balls were amazing! They were a lot bigger than I expected. The best part was they let us borrow two chafing dishes which we needed to keep the food warm. I would definitely cater from Filomena's again!
<review# 1970,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/21/2012,1/2/2013,513,774,2,9,4>Absolutely love this place! We ordered 2 subs. The Hook and Ladder (Monterrey Jack with Ham and Turkey) and the Beef and Cheddar Brisket. OH MY!! That Brisket sandwich was not only different than any other Metro-East sub place, but it made me drool. Seriously spilled hot sauce on my shirt. I'm looking forward to the Hawaiian pulled pork sandwich for next time. The service was quick, especially for being super busy. The manager was cashering and was really friendly. My favorite thing about this place is not only do they have a bar of hot sauces (like about 30-40 hot sauces) but they have their own on the side. This is a MUST TRY!!!
<review# 1971,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/1/2012,1/1/2013,15,47,3,6,4>Don't let the price tag of this place scare you away. I first tried it with a Hot Sauce deal and every bite of the tapas menu was delicious, especially the less traditional items we tried. (Goulash? But omg, it was wonderful; sadly they have taken it off the menu since.) It can get expensive with the tapas but everything they serve is thoughtfully crafted and delicious.So what can we broke, broke people do? Fittingly enough, it's the Shrimp Po'Boy. Lettuce, pickles, tomato, and remoulade on a hoagie - simple enough, but it is one of the most delicious sandwiches I have ever had. The bread is fresh and perfect. The shrimp is crispy and well-seasoned with just the right amount of heat. The quantities of toppings are perfectly balanced, the sandwich is put together with the care would you expect from a nice restaurant - not sloppily tossed on the plate with ingredients sliding out every-which-way. The tomato was a good tomato - you aren't going to get a partly-green tasteless horror here.Just over ten dollars, comes with fries (delicious ones, too) or a small upcharge to get any side, including the famous sexy grits or their andouille & sweet potato hash.  If you want a nice night out, but don't want to break the bank, have a pre-dinner cocktail at home and take your sweetie to Mojo for the Shrimp Po'Boy. You get the fancy atmosphere and a reasonably-priced meal that is so delicious you'll want to go again and again.
<review# 1972,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/7/2012,12/31/2012,60,293,,3,4>I can't believe it took a Southtown pub crawl to introduce us to this place.  Not to be confused with it's shadier looking neighbor, this is a pretty classy place that has some great food.  Not sure if it was a happy hour special, but they had fairly cheap buckets of Bud.  This is another perfect example of bars that have really good food.  They had a smoker going in the back on their great patio.  I had a buffalo pulled chicken sandwich which was really good.  I can't wait to go back and try some more of their fare, and according to Stephanie S I will be trying their wings.
<review# 1973,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/24/2012,12/30/2012,152,162,,7,5>There are 2 things that make me love my new discovery, Vito's. 1) They deliver almost their entire menu to my new home in the Central West End. For years I've been in search of that smart business owner who realizes that if Chinese and pizza places can hit a home run by offering delivery, they can too. Sadly, only a handful of places that offer sandwiches have joined the delivery club. If you are craving pasta or an entree and want it to come to you, you are pretty much out of luck. Vito's, however, sees the value in selling food to people like me who won't take up table space or make any dishes dirty. My phone call inquiring about delivery was welcomed and there was a driver outside my door faster than Domino's guarantee. 2) Their pizza is wonderful! First, I'm not picky about pizza. I like Imo's and Racanelli's. I live Pizza Hut personal pan pizzas and fancy pizzas from The Good Pie.  All of that said, I'm still struggling to find a pizza I can call my favorite since Il Vicino shut down. I'm not ready to call Vito's my favorite pizza in town, but it did bump Racnelli's and Talayna's off the top spots for a New York/hand tossed crust. I ordered a sausage and portobello mushroom pizza....and it was absolutely wonderful. The sausage is exactly the way I like it and the mushrooms are sautéed in something wonderful before being put on the pizza to bake. The pizza is covered in a thick coating of cheese and sprinkled with seasonings that you can see on top of the cheese. Light on the sauce and crust that bubbles up at the edges. All I can say is YUM! I can't wait to try some different combinations. And they get bonus points because they were willing to make me a version of cheese garlic bread using their bruschetta bread. I ended up changing my mind and ordered a Caesar salad instead, but anyplace that will make you something not on the menu to keep you happy wins major points in my book.
<review# 1974,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/4/2012,12/29/2012,109,200,2,5,5>Wow, WOW, WOW!  I tried this place on a whim tonight not even looking at yelp reviews and OMG it was AMAZING!  I really enjoyed the atmosphere of the place, the service was phenomenal and well the food was even better.I ended up ordering 4 oz beef brisket, 4 oz pulled pork, a chicken biscuit, a piece of "crack pie", and a "smoked cookie".The beef brisket and pulled pork tasted great.  They were cooked perfectly and the smoke flavor was delicious!The chicken biscuit was my least favorite thing I ordered. The issue I had with it was the biscuit overpowered the chicken flavor and the breading tasted a little bit too fried.The smoked cookie was good however it was nothing to write home about.  I figured it would have a smoky flavor since they baked it in the smoker however I was wrong.The crack pie was a pie that had gooey butter cake instead of pie filling.  It was pretty good however in my opinion it was a little bit over cooked and not gooey enough lol.  Still it was extremely good and I would order it again.Their condiments are all homemade and taste amazing!  I tried the ones I saw on the tables and I guess I will tell you my feelings on them.Sweet BBQ Sauce- Very good sweet BBQ sauce.  I thought this went great on the pulled pork.  Not extremely thick but had a good BBQ flavor.Hot BBQ Sauce- Not extremely spicy however had some spice to it.  I added it to the Sweet BBQ sauce and thought it tasted AMAZING!Carolina Mustard Sauce- This went extremely well with the brisket.  One of the best mustard sauces I have tried.Ketchup- I had a hard time telling that this was homemade. But it tasted good.Mustard- AWESOME!  I really enjoyed this.  It had a little bit of a gritty texture to it and I really enjoyed it.Sugarfire 47- This BBQ sauce reminded me of ketchup.  Not bad but not my favorite though.Horseradish White Sauce- This BBQ sauce stole the show.  It reminded me almost of Ranch dressing instead of horseradish.  It went great with the fries and the chicken.  I also really enjoyed it with the pulled pork.  I did not think to try it with the brisket but I bet it would have gone very well with it.Coffee BBQ Sauce- I don't know why they call this coffee bbq sauce but it was REALLY good!I cannot wait to go back here.  They have daily specials with stuff that is not on the menu.  I am so happy to have an amazing BBQ place so close to my house.
<review# 1975,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/10/2012,12/28/2012,175,44,3,7,7>Whisk is the newest little bakery in town! They serve the best baked goods I've had anywhere in St. Louis, and after eating their cupcakes at the Tower Grove Farmers' Market all season I was sooo ready for their shop to open. I went for the grand opening today and got the best pumpkin cupcake of my life and some delicious, locally roasted Kuva coffee. Go get yourself something sweet and support these great folks!
<review# 1976,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/23/2012,12/27/2012,117,126,14,13,10>As Tim G. mentioned in his review, this is not the place to go on a Saturday if you want to have fewer than ten murderous thoughts about your fellow man before noon. It's crowded. It's narrow. The produce ain't that cheap. And just because you CAN bring your dog to Soulard Market doesn't mean you SHOULD bring your dog to Soulard Market. Unless you're waltzing him by the pet shop to show him what life could be like if he craps on the rug one more time, leave Fido at home. So why 4 stars? Because it's Soulard Market. And you can appreciate it for all it's worth three other days of the week without entering into the granola/tourist/dog-toting hipster hell that is Saturday morning at the market.If you want a satisfying shopping experience that doesn't require a battle plan, pick a Wednesday, Thursday or Friday. Hell, take the morning off. Get there early. Get the good stuff. Have some friendly conversations with the vendors. Maybe even haggle a little. But not too much. Don't be that guy. If the mini-donut place is open, spring for the dozen. Buy a few spices you've never heard of and make something with all of your fancy new produce. And don't forget the flowers. Or the cash. You're gonna need it.
<review# 1977,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/29/2012,12/26/2012,185,237,5,7,5>So very naughty . . .I didn't know what to expect when I suggested Shameless Grounds for dinner last night, and I'm still not entirely sure what to think.  I wasn't ready for their deviant coffee and sandwiches.I must admit that I didn't do my homework on this place.  Our visit started out like many of my first time experiences, with a barrage of photos trying to capture as much of the landscape as possible.  I noticed some of the burlesque photos right away, which is becoming more common in the "hip" establishments.  Then I jokingly pointed out the "Wall of Shame," a list of people who had borrowed books from SG's library.  However, I started reading some of the books titles, and I suddenly realized that I wasn't in Kansas anymore!  The closed off library had nude photos covering the walls and erotic literature of its shelves.About this time, I started to think about my poor conservative and Catholic mother and what she would have thought about her baby boy standing in an establishment like this.  Oh the places I go, Mom!  However, I quickly got over it.Once I settled my mind, my thirteen year old sense of humor kicked in, and the puns and bad jokes started flying.  My wife didn't seem amused, but I'm used to wasting my good material on her.  When a sex positive place has German sausages and a sandwich devoted to three types of pig meat, then they surely have to expect a little word play.  If anything, they are welcoming it with open arms!The food was good but not great.  I did have their Chauvinist Pig, the sandwich dedicated to the best parts of the pig.  Perhaps our late arrival affected the quality, but the sandwich was a little dry.  Also, the meat wasn't all that tender.  My wife tried a half and half deal with the German sausage and curry pumpkin soup.  She seemed satisfied.As for coffee, I am a novice when it comes to drinking it.  I even burned my tongue on the cappuccino, a rookie mistake.  After the proper modifications, I had myself a pretty good cup of Joe.  My wife had a better grasp on what she was doing and ordered an Iced Irish Cream Latte and had a better results.  Unfortunately, I didn't realize just how strong my coffee would be and ended up tossing and turning most of the night.  Poor timing on my part, but I wanted to try the coffee!With all joking aside, I truly appreciate what Shameless Grounds is trying to accomplish, and I think that our visit was timely with the recent law passed in favor of LGBT rights.  Perhaps I'm not on board so much with the swingers and polyamories, but I do believe that people have the right to choose their lifestyles, even if some like to take a little extra from the buffet of life . . .I really do like this place, and I am ready for another cup of Joe.  Or Josephine.  Whatever comes naturally!
<review# 1978,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/30/2012,12/25/2012,80,266,6,6,4>The ribs are so fabulous that I hugged Skip.I adore barbeque. If I had any kids, they might be named Burnt Ends and Slow Smoked. (C'mon, I know you've heard worse REAL names.) Arthur Bryant's in KC is wonderful. Gates Barbeque is a revelation. Pappy's here in STL is already an institution.And I think Bogart's just might be better than Pappy's. Meaty, succulent ribs slightly sauced. A sausage "fattie" so juicy and full of savory spice. BBQ beans that I could eat as a meal. Deviled egg potato salad? Shut your ***damn mouth! Next time, I'm gonna plant a big, wet saucy kiss on Skip's face.
<review# 1979,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/26/2012,12/24/2012,384,258,1,5,2>Headed here after reading the reviews for restaurants in Bridgeton and this one sounded like a winner.  Granted, this IS inside of a bowling alley....so you walk into the bowling alley and there is a window where you can order the pizza.  The seating area is just like at every other bowling alley....and it can be a bit noisy :).  There is a bar area w/ some tables, but it was REALLY chilly in there.  We ordered the pizza and garlic bread and they wrapped it up (even though we said it was for here....guess they didn't believe us since we weren't bowling. :))  We didn't mind a bit and the girl who brought us the food brought us some plates right away.We were pretty hungry and the pizza was FANTASTIC!  Just like we like it.....not too thick and not too thin.....crispy crust (but not St. Louis style) and the mushrooms were huge, as was the sausage.The garlic cheese bread is 2 loaf halves and was also very, very good.As mentioned earlier....there is a bar inside as well and we ordered a rum and coke and a draft beer....both seemed pretty weak, but we didn't expect too much in that department.The bowling alley looks like a small town type and was pretty diversified....everyone was behaving and it seemed like a place you'd really like to come and bowl w/ the family,....or drop off your teens. :)Outside there is a good sized patio where they posted that they offer sand volleyball.
<review# 1980,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/29/2008,11/16/2008,165,166,6,10,5>Luvy Duvy is owned by the most darling and friendly couple. If the sweet one with the Southern accent doesn't call you sugar at some point, there must be something horribly wrong with you. I'm pretty sure the whole place is staffed by their friends, so the atmosphere is very hospitable and welcoming. A lot of the patrons there are Benton Parkers, but it doesn't feel exclusive. The breakfast food is incredible. I crave their french toast. The coffee they serve is stellar. The thing to go there for is the spice cake. I'm pretty sure the phrase "slap yo' mama good" was first coined because of this cake. I think it won some Sauce award, which is quite an accomplishment for such a new place. There is also a darling patio where they allow dogs. They even have little dog treats you can take when you pay. I don't have a dog, but if I did, I would want to take it everywhere with me. It's nice to know there are places that encourage that. It's a great place for a big, breakfast, some coffee and sudokus and then a nice walk around the park across the street. It's an up and coming area. They always seem to be doing ok when I've gone in, but it would be a terrible shame if they went under. I strongly reccomend you support this place and keep them serving killer breakfast in Benton Park!
<review# 1981,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/7/2008,11/15/2008,25,27,4,4,6>I'm going to commit some culinary sacrilege here and say that not only is Pappy's the best barbeque I've had in St. Louis, but it's also better than anything I've tried in Kansas City. The pulled pork is flawless. The meat is sweet and tender, not very fatty, and smoked perfectly. I could eat an entire sandwich of the stuff dry. For me, that's saying a lot, because I usually won't even touch a piece of barbequed meat unless it has enough sauce to drown Kimbo Slice. Speaking of sauces, go for the Sweet Baby Jane. You can thank me later.After my fifth visit, I decided to take a crack at the ribs (and at my wallet in the process, but not for nothing). Again, I was totally impressed. Style-wise, they're a bit of a Memphis/St. Louis hybrid, but again done to perfection. The meat won't fall off the bone, but it will make the thought of trying any other barbeque in St. Louis fall out of your mind. After eating a few ribs bare, I put some sauce on and destroyed the rest of my meal.Now, I could go about the sweet potato fries, baked beans, hospitality, clean restrooms, and all the other good things about Pappy's, but I'm not interested in putting another hour into writing a treatise about this place. Yet.
<review# 1982,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/28/2008,11/14/2008,38,207,8,6,6>Waffle House is so tremendously outrageous I ate here 4 times in 3 days while at the nearby Holiday Inn for a wedding.  The hash browns and waffles not only prevent hangovers but also add years to your life.Make sure to play some Waffle House related songs on the jukebox, order hash browns smothered, topped and covered and enjoy when the waitress has to call Tank, the night cook, away from "playing kissy-face" with his girlfriend who spends the evenings here to keep him company.
<review# 1983,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/6/2008,11/13/2008,12,168,2,3,2>Cardwell's is a very well-run fine dining experience.  The food is excellent and the service impeccable.  The menu is not trendy or inventive, but emphasizes fresh, quality ingredients.  I don't know much about wine, but there was quite a list of it.  I had a salad, the hangar steak, and I can't remember which dessert.  All five of my companions said good things about their entrees.  The soft lighting and white linen fit the prevailing philosophy of simplicity and quality.  All in all, I couldn't ask for a better place to discuss the Federal income tax.
<review# 1984,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/31/2008,11/11/2008,53,156,,6,5>This is no ordinary theater!  For the same price as those other theaters (and perhaps even cheaper than some), you get a theater with charm and class.There is a mural painted on the walls in each individual theater and wine is served, in addition to all of the drinks and snacks that you normally associate with a movie theater .  They even have an organ player in the "presentation theatre" to entertain you before the movie starts.  It is truly a treat to see a movie here.
<review# 1985,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/10/2008,11/9/2008,85,427,8,4,3>I always felt like getting behind the wheel of our tiny Corolla was like driving a go-kart. Until I drove a real go-kart and realized 78 on the highway doesn't come close to 25 on the track. SAR has a night's worth of activities for every member of your family - even the littlest ones and the scardiest girlfriends. The go-kart track is fantastic. Once you realize you can't flip the suckers, it gets a lot better. The funniest thing is the cars are sponsored by local businesses! I wondered aloud if the #8 Pasta House car drove as bad as their food tasted. The mini-golf is need of a rehab, but it's still entertaining. Bumper boats & batting cages add to the emptiness in your wallet. If you get bored of drinking yourself into a stupor or watching the latest disposable Hollywood drek, head down to Fenton for a few hours of real fun.
<review# 1986,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/22/2008,11/8/2008,26,116,1,6,5>Andy Warhol (Studio 54 provocateur) eat your heart out, HERBIE'S is here.Balabans -the legendary Central West End establishment has re-opened as Herbie's! (In homage to Herb Balaban's 70's-Era watering hole of the same name.)CWE residents have been eager for this infamous location to re-open and bring back some character and history to our great neighborhood. Herbie's delivers on this long waited promise.Tonight was my second visit to Herbie's since it opened its doors 5 days ago.  The service has been impeccable, and the food delightful. The atmosphere is clean and a little more contemporary than the old Balaban's motif; if you're a Balaban's veteran you'll recognize the old place and probably like the upgrade.Go soon, and go often. There's an "Anchor" Restaurant on Euclid again, and his name is Herbie!
<review# 1987,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/25/2008,11/7/2008,4,4,4,4,3>I have lived just down the street from this gem for about six months, and had no idea!  What a shame!One can't walk into this joint and not order a margarita.  The atmosphere is playful, and quite infectious.  It's like dining in a Crayola explosion.  The staff was very friendly, helpful, and efficient.  My food came out crazy fast and piping hot-- still sizzling, in fact.The Chile Colorado is a meat-lovers wet dream; a mountain of chopped beef tips in a thick, robust pepper stew, alongside rice and beans.  Paired with my reasonably priced GIANT margarita, I left feeling warm and happy.
<review# 1988,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,8/5/2008,11/6/2008,31,198,3,4,4>I have to admit that I usually can only handle being at the Upstairs Lounge if I'm already really, really drunk, which really isn't that often these days.  To be totally fair to the establishment, I'm a bit of an introvert, and the crowded club thing isn't usually what I'm up for.  That said, the drink prices are pretty good and they do have specials.  The music varies pretty greatly, so if you care, you might want to know what night is what.  The popular London Calling is every second and fourth Saturday night.  I had my hopes up for that one, but I feel like the music isn't that great, but hey, it gets a lot of people dancing.  Oh, and there is a cover some nights.
<review# 1989,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/16/2008,11/5/2008,72,652,6,3,2>Oh Lordy...another place that brings me right back to my high school days when I would harass freshman to give me their change so I could run over to Ben's and get a bag full of Sweedish Fish.  In retrospect, I'm not really sure how I feel about penny candy that sits out all day for god only knows how long, has small children digging through it with their bare hands, and actually wanting to eat it.  But...you get what you pay for, and here, you pay a penny for it.  Though the candy selection is excellent, it's really not what Ben's is for.  They really do have pretty much everything you would need in the arts and crafts realm of things.  It's like Michael's step-sister.
<review# 1990,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/16/2008,10/4/2008,21,41,3,5,5>We Saint Louisians sure love our Magic House.I am totally baffled at how this place could possibly get anything less than 5 stars???I picked up a flyer last weekend when I took my "little man" for some energy burning, mind stimulating, mom can kick back and relax kind of fun and while there I found a few little facts on the Magic House that I think are pretty interesting..."More than 400,000 people visit The Magic House each year. Zagat Surveys' U.S. Family Travel Guide named The Magic House the number one attraction for child appeal, beating Disneyland and the Magic Kingdom. It has been voted best children's museums in the country by FamilyFun Magazine and it is also named one of the top 12 family destinations."I love this place and it is the perfect place for kids my sons age (4 years old).  From personal experience and time spent here with my son, I can say it stimulates every single one of his senses all while helping him strengthen his cognitive development and having a blast. I love any place that I can bring a great book, kick back on a wooden bench, and occasionally look up to watch my little one bounce up and down in glee while he explores the magical world that is the Magic House. The memberships are soooo affordable - for less than $100.00 I am able to go with the family 5 times a week, year round, if I so feel inclined. I agree that the museum is crowded - we happen to be the most visited museum in the nation with the smallest amount of square footage. The new expansion which is set to open in this winter will hopefully provide a solution to this problem. Every exhibit is amazing and regardless of which you choose to explore, be sure to get the picture taken with the hair-raising ball - and make it into a button - it is a St. Louis tradition!
<review# 1991,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/15/2008,10/3/2008,43,228,2,3,3>This has always been on of my favorite places for both lunch and supper. Yes, if your a bred and born st.louisan then you know the story of lemp mansion and the lemp's tragic story. However this place goes beyond just that for both food and entertainment. If your into dinner theaters then you should come here and check theirs out, it's super fun! The food is yummy and while it's a little pricey it's a nice place to take out of towners and for those special dinners that just scream elegance.
<review# 1992,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,2/26/2008,10/2/2008,5,33,4,4,3>Excellent pancakes and REAL breakfast food (I'm looking at you IHOP). It is good food without being heavy.The service is generally good but patience is required during busy times. Seating can be a bit cramped at times and it isn't the cleanest establishment - but it doesn't feel dirty.Also, be prepared to experience a wide range of patrons, especially later at night.
<review# 1993,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/10/2008,10/1/2008,15,161,2,3,2>I came here last week to shop for furniture, but was immediately distracted by the purses, headbands, and wallets section; totally cool and funky fabric!  I'll be coming back for a $150 dining table (sign up for updates on their website and get 10% off).  They sell all kinds of goodies here, even unusual beverages like pumpkin ale and various food and drink from across the world.  My only complaint is that most of the stuff in the store is either from Asia or Asian-inspired.  That's wonderful and all, but hey, this is supposed to be a "world" market!  They sell beautiful pillows (mostly Indian/sari fabric), and I also found a large antique looking chest that could be utilized as a coffee table for $200.  Not too shabby...
<review# 1994,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/9/2008,9/30/2008,10,157,2,2,2>Seriously cheap drinks! You pay a $5 cover to get in on weekend nights, which may seem like a rip-off, but all drinks (including top-shelf liquor) are all under three bucks. So, this is a great deal if you are looking to get a little tipsy. If you are just wanting to hang out a drink a beer or two, I'd probably go elsewhere, because obviously the five dollar cover would not be worth it in that case.There are over 141 different shots (hence the name...), and they give you a huge menu with all your options. There are some pretty yummy (and dangerous) ones in there! As for the surroundings, they are a little lacking. The pool table area looks like a church basement or something, with the paneled ceilings and obnoxious fluorescent lights. But, again, if you just want to go out and have a bunch of drinks, you probably won't care about the atmosphere that much!
<review# 1995,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/1/2008,9/29/2008,24,74,3,3,3>for $10 a person, you get your pick of 2 meats and 2 sides.  smaller plates start around $8, and there are plenty of larger plates to accommodate heartier eaters. they have a wide selection of bbq'd meats (beef, pork, chicken, turkey, sausages), plus an even wider selection of side items (everything you'd expect from a good bbq place).  soda comes in plastic "souvenir" cups you can take home. the staff was extremely nice, and even brought out an extra batch of okra for us, because i was so excited that it was on the menu.  they've got meat by the pound and sides by the bucket for take-out as well.  on the down side, the sauces were a bit thin and the sides were a bit salty.  the atmosphere was "authentic", which unfortunately meant that there was rather obnoxious old-school country music playing throughout dinner.  because it's so kid/family friendly, it was also a bit loud.  they might have lost a star for the downsides, but like i said, the *brought me extra okra* and that goes a very long way in my book.
<review# 1996,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/6/2008,9/28/2008,65,95,6,7,8>my husband was marooned in the snowstorm on tuesday...he ran his car up over a median that was hidden in the snow on s. outer forty, and the car got stuck there at about 1:45 pm.he trudged over to a strip mall & called triple A for a tow. he doesn't own a cell phone - i advised him not to drive to his oral surgery appointment at 1:00 in chesterfield, since no plows were out - did he listen??? NOT! after all, he grew up in minnesota where there are 2 seasons: winter and the 4th of july.anyway, he found an edward jones guy - Hal - in the same strip mall who was waiting for rush hour to be over before he braved going home. the 2 of them spent several hours talking about politics, vitamins, edward jones, the economy.....until the tow showed up about 7:00 pm........big, tall dude built like a brick dressed in osh-kosh overalls, short-sleeved shirt, no coat, & a gimmee hat....he lifted the camry off the concrete median with the tow truck, drove it around, & declared it to be road-worthy.considering that my husband's tow ticket # was 1,600 (the number of tows that day up to when he called) i thought they did very well. they were also very helpful when i called triple A about 4:00 pm to see if they had an ETA to get to him. coulda been waaaay worse! yes? and thanks, Hal, at Edward Jones on s. outer forty!dan got home about 8 pm......looooooong day!
<review# 1997,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/8/2008,9/27/2008,58,31,2,4,4>There's a lot to love about the Cheesecake Factory.  From start to finish, it's one of the best chain restaurants around, with a HUGE menu that ranges from familiar (sliders and meatloaf) to fairly exotic (ahi tuna carpaccio).  Portions are always generous, and one dish can easily feed two people.  Even the bread that comes with the meals is great -- crusty sourdough or a slightly sweet brown bread.  Yum.The service is fabulous, and the decor is lovely.  It can be a bit loud, and the biggest drawback for me is that because it is SO popular it can be an hour-long wait just to get in.  But no matter, once you're in you're doing good.  The fruit-flavored lemonades are divine.  The afore-mentioned carpaccio really hit the spot for me when I wanted something protein-heavy and tasty.  Every entree I've tasted there has been great -- I especially love their presentation, which is always a little on the artsy side and very eye-appealing.But here's what I never knew: for a chain, they are open LATE.  Midnight-thirty on Friday nights, in fact.  AND the kitchen stays open along with the bar.  Awesome!  Speaking of awesome, their bar is fantastic.  A little on the fruity side, but they can make just about anything for you.  There was no bloody mary on the menu I got, so I asked, and of course I was told that they make them.  My well-mannered dirty martini didn't quite have enough olive brine in it for me, but when I mentioned that to the bartender he instantly went to grab it and fix it for me.  Hence, the awesome.I suppose it's not a Cheesecake Factory review without mentioning the cheesecake, but I'll be honest -- I am not a cheesecake lover.  What I've tried of that dessert, though, has been very good, and the cheesecake-lovin' man at my side seemed thrilled by the slice we got, as had every girlfriend I've gone with to CF.  Personally, I like the carrot cake cheesecake -- it's definitely worth trying if you like a little carrot cake with your cream cheese frosting.Price-wise, you can get out of there on the cheap if you don't go crazy.  But if you do go crazy, you won't regret it.All in all, a great place with a long wait, but there's a reason for that: it's worth it!
<review# 1998,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/9/2008,9/26/2008,111,674,1,6,2>This guy made getting a root canal a breeze.  The best thing he told me to do during the procedure was to close my eyes.  I wanted to close my ears cuz of the scary drilling.  When I felt woozy afterwards from the anaesthesia, he put a cool towel on my head & offered to help me to the sink to rinse my mouth.  Doesn't talk much, but was really caring.  I didn't even cry during the procedure with the exception of getting the shots to numb my mouth.
<review# 1999,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/15/2008,9/25/2008,15,13,,4,2>Fritanga means "little place." And true to its name, this Nicaraguan restaurant probably seats no more than 20-30 people. Despite how little the space is, though, Fritanga delivers large on its food. The maduros, fried plaintains, are simply divine. I've never had them so perfectly cooked. The carne asada was seasoned so well and had a delicious green sauce to accompany.I would give Fritanga its fifth star solely based on its owner and server extraordinaire, Orlando. He's such a charming man and really takes delight in his customers discovering new foods and ingredients. He even sat at our table and chatted us up with stories of his home country. Definitlely not in an intrusive manner, though.
<review# 2000,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/23/2007,11/4/2008,24,137,1,3,4>the haberdashery is a fun little shop with reliable service. the selection and quality are both fairly consistent as far as vintage shops go, though some selections are unpleasantly kitsch. it's definitely one of saint louis's top places to visit if you're looking for unique costuming.
<review# 2001,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/14/2008,11/3/2008,12,22,5,6,4>PERFECT.This is my favorite bar in St. Louis, hands down. Its TINY and you often have to fight for a spot at the bar or a seat at one of the staggeringly few tables or benches, but fight I will. The gals that run this place are talented. They will set you up with a stupidly good martini you'll struggle not to down in one, despite its formidable volume. And they make 'em dirty. This place attracts a wonderfully eclectic crowd. Its on the loop but its hidden, so drunk Wash U types tend not to stumble in and ruin the mood. I am so glad for that. Try the specials, but also get something off the extensive menu. The Marytini is my favorite, but you can't go wrong with a Peartini either.
<review# 2002,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/15/2008,11/2/2008,48,424,2,5,3>This place is fantastic.  It's a franchise that's an imitation of frozen yogurt shops in CA and NY that are imitations of shops in Asia.  They're the hottest thing in CA and NY, but this is the first in St. Louis.It's all self service.  You select from about a dozen frozen yogurt flavors, including options like Euro Tart, Mango, Cappucino, etc.  Everything is charged by weight so you can take as much or as little as you like.  Then you select from dozens of toppings... including mochi balls, fruit, marshmallows, fruity pebbles, plus traditional ice cream toppings like sprinkles, oreos, butterfinger, etc.  The decor is bright and clean looking, and there's lots of seating.  You might run into a lot of kids if you go on a Fri or Sat night though.We love it here - we've visited three times since they opened a couple weeks ago.  Only advice to the owners: - Don't make people ask for sample cups, just give them out - The floor in front of the toppings is often a mess - clean that spot more often - Get the mochi in stock! - Add broken pieces of pretzel to the toppingsOther than that - we love it!
<review# 2003,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,10/19/2007,11/1/2008,11,67,3,3,3>I have to say I was disappointed with Crepes, Etc.  We went off hours in the morning and the service was awful.  I assume this was because they had back off house staff brining the food to the tables.  The servers were auctioning every plate they brought out (ie. who ordered the ham n' cheese omelet?).  The food was great but poor service almost always trumps good food. Also, the place is quite a scene at the moment.       Advice:-Avoid off hours (the service is awful when they are understaffed)-The Expresso is amazing-Hot chocolate is full of spices that most people won't like.-Ham and Cheese Omelet is very good (comes with delicious rosemary potatoes).  -The Crepe au Pomme is also delicious.  I might go back for gellato and expresso after dinner but I will probably find a different place to eat.
<review# 2004,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/18/2008,10/31/2008,77,438,2,4,3>The amount of TVs in Lester's is an absolute site to behold.  I have never walked into a place and felt so overwhelmed by plasma.  Even Hooters can't hold a T to Lester's.The space it is in has been at least 10 different restaurants and night clubs when I was around, but it seems as if Lester has a good thing going with his sports bar.  I have of course had the wings both times I have been here and they are not bad. The brisket chili is really good and worth a try.The odd thing about this place is that the way the inside was built out it gives it no real atmosphere and just feels very plastic and temporary inside.  Hopefully it isn't....
<review# 2005,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/30/2008,10/30/2008,87,125,7,4,3>FREE!!  And their tigers are properly caged so they don't tend to escape and maul visitors like the one in San Fransisco!!!Have I mentioned it is FREE?!
<review# 2006,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/28/2008,10/29/2008,21,98,5,5,5>I'm am absolutely floored this gem hasn't been reviewed.Oh no, is that just because i'm a yelp yuppie?I came with a friend while visiting St. Louis and after some light internet research (because my friends who lived there didn't believe in bbq - wtf?) found Smoki O's mentioned widely and often on some personal blogs.We drove out to what seemed liked the middle of no where, no other restaurants or commerce in sight and not many people were walking around.  Once we opened that little door to heaven people were talking and choosing bbq up.  It's a small restaurant, about 5 other people were inside. We went mid-day on a week day and had no problem getting food. It seemed due to the small size many people were getting items to go.  My friend Julie and I had never had st. louis bbq so we opted for the sampler platter.  The man behind the counter was visibly taken aback, he told us it was for about 2-3 people and was a lot of food. Our option of sides was cole slaw and mac n cheese.The food comes and we couldn't be happier.  The sauce makes you salivate while IT'S IN YOUR MOUTH.  Such a balance of savory and sweet and wtf is that spice? The pulled pork was so tender but somehow still kept form.  The ribs fell off and I found myself sucking the bones.  I wasn't a big fan of snoot - but I imagine if you are into the crackle and pop you would enjoy it.  The mac n cheese was gooey goodness and i loved the sweet sugar vinegar drenching the coleslaw.  I had wanted to order the peach cobbler but that is only on a certain day.  Friends of ours god the pulled pork sandwich and the flavor and texture was also mind-altering.We finished our sample platter and the men behind the counter were impressed, and kind of freaked out.  Julie bought a side of bbq sauce in  a styrofoam cup for $5 (it seems they don't regularly sell it? I could be wrong) - and we poured it over sandwiches and anything with bread for days.i...didn't....want....to leave. why am i not there now? i'm despising my WEST proximity right now.
<review# 2007,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/19/2007,10/28/2008,126,110,5,8,8>I have fond memories of this place.I spent 5 years in St Louis. Three of which I was prisoner in the relationship from hell. I wasn't allowed out of the house. I had no friends. It was really pathetic. What can I say? I was young and stupid.Once I was unceremoniously dumped, I knew no one. I hadn't been out to a club or bar in over 3 years. This was one of the first places I went.The patrons couldn't have been nicer. I met so many great people. I even met a couple of guys at the pool table and we made a regular Wednesday night date for pool (even though I suck, they took pity on me).They had a great jukebox. I used to rock out to Heart and Meatloaf. Ahh youth.I would go back...if it wasn't 2000 miles away.
<review# 2008,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/24/2007,10/27/2008,217,602,2,2,2>Mrs. Seibold does not f*&* around when it comes to making cakes.Mrs. Seibold does not f%^ around when it comes to making donuts.Mrs. Seibiold plain just does not f*%^ around when it comes to baked goods of any kind.Plus, the staff is sweet and the prices are reasonable.
<review# 2009,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,10/10/2008,10/26/2008,15,34,6,6,6>Show-Me's....what an unflattering slice of Americana this place is. Although, unlike Hooters I will give the dump props for embracing that fact that it's disgusting and rolling with it. The Hooters motto is 'delightfully tacky yet unrefined"- Show- Me's is happy just being 'tacky'. So why do you ask would I give a dirty place with less than attractive women strutting around in hot pink underwear 3 stars? Well, we ended up here on the 4th of July after walking down to the landing and realizing that if we were going to make it outside by dark we had better duck into the first restaurant with no line. I didn't realize what the 'show-me' of 'Show-Me's' was referring to until I got inside and our very sweet waitress appeared in very short shorts and a see-through top. AHHH. Now I get it. Anyways our waitress was very attentive and friendly and I think I know why- when I looked around at the other  cast of characters she was serving I realized that she was probably just thankful to have a normal couple in her section. The food is classic bar fare. Nothing great and nothing terrible. My fries and our wings were both actually very tasty........but after about 1/3 or my chicken sandwich I realized that I probably would have been better off sticking with the wings or ordering a burger. The highlight of the night was the drink special which happened to be the biggest glass of beer I have ever seen. Plus one star for maintaining a well priced special on a holiday when they could easily bump up to full price. Would I ever suggest making Show-Me's a destination- no. But if you find yourself on the Landing with a good natured group of people, there are worse places you could end up. Expect decent greasy bar food, a questionable clientele and be prepared to drink to have fun- boozing is a must to make it though a meal here.
<review# 2010,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/19/2011,7/8/2011,131,350,2,5,3>i attended to international supper club on 1-18-2011. first, i got the soup. it was a spicy vegetable soup. it was just OK. i could do without it. it was mostly broth. for a main entree, i got swordfish kabobs and firinda macarna. the firinda macarna is penne noodles, spinach, cheese, and a tomato sauce the is baked. the swordfish was very good. the service was very good. we were in a very large group the wait staff all chipped in to help each other out. the waiter and the lady i assume was the owner and/or manager came and asked several times if things were good and if we needed anything.
<review# 2011,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/26/2011,7/7/2011,202,207,3,9,3>Aww YEAAH!Sushi... GOOD sushi, in Fenton of all places! No more driving to Clayton or in the city and no more going to Dierbergs (yes I'm guilty damnit). On a cold winter's day, I drove by Kyoto Sushi & Grill when they were barely moving in and I almost peed in my pants out of excitement. Going in you'll notice the warm and welcoming decor. They have both tables and booths and -- you guessed it, a sushi bar. I had one of their special rolls, the Volcano, that had jalapeno, asparagus, and tuna inside, topped with spicy tuna. I also ordered a couple of handrolls. I wish I came on a more empty stomach... I could have ordered for 3. Prices are ehhh, could be better, but I'd rather pay that than waste money on ridiculously priced gas. Kyoto, you'll soon see this face more often :)
<review# 2012,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/8/2011,7/6/2011,361,578,6,8,4>It's 9:51pm. I just left the Wehrenberg Theaters in Des Peres. I'm hungry. What to do?!Yelp mobile app time... Joo Joo? Who wants Korean?! I DO! Decent reviews? LATE NIGHT? SCORE! Let me make a quick call to check: ::ring ring::guy on phone: Joo Joo (mumbles)me: hello?guy: yes?me: how late are you going to be open tonight?guy: tonight? maybe 11 or 12...me: oh I see... so if I come right now, I can eat?guy: yesAwesome.It was definitely a lot brighter inside than one might first expect. Decor is lacking, very simple black chairs and tables (and industrial soundproofing tile, like offices), but they have these Asian-style partitions that actually add a little bit of privacy to the dining experiences. Some of the larger tables had the grills set into the table. (I'm coming back for BBQ.) Banchan was delicious - kimchee, sweet beans, radish, garlicky greens, hooray! Dolsot bibimbap had do-it-yourself sauce. Double yay! Minimal meat, but I always love dolsot for the crispy rice. Yum! Fried dumplings were delicious. Vegetable ones were requested, but there was definitely meat in ours. No biggie for us... still delicious. I'm definitely coming back, and it's worth the trek from the Central West End to know that I can have Korean late at night. Also, watch the signs and beware of making illegal left turns into the parking lot. I didn't see the signs, myself! A cop sits there and waits for you so you can get your ticket. (I wasn't driving... sorry Travis S.)  It really is the most annoying strip mall otherwise. Thanks, Joo Joo, for having food good enough to compensate.
<review# 2013,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/18/2010,7/5/2011,55,255,4,7,5>It's been two and a half weeks since I went here, so my memory of the place is starting to fade.  Figure I should write the review before I forget completely.  Not that it wasn't good, it just wasn't so great that I'm thinking about it all that much.We went here for my wife's birthday, in part because we saw on their menu that they have praline bacon.  We tried praline bacon when we went to New Orleans this past spring, and it was ****FANTASTIC****.  So, we figured we had to try it here.It was pretty damn good, almost as good as the sample I had in New Orleans.  Yum.For dinner, I ordered their roasted mushrooms and gnocchi, which came in an herby sauce.  It wasn't the heavy-ish potato gnocchi that I'm used to, but apparently a ricotta gnocchi.  I'm not sure if there was potato in it at all.  In any case, it was pretty tasty.My wife got their "shrimp and grits," but she doesn't like grits, so she got it with mashed potatoes instead.  She liked it; I thought it was more or less what one would expect from shrimp and mashed potatoes.  Which is fine.Portions all around were small -- yeah, it's one of THOSE places where you pay a fairly high amount of money for a relatively small amount of food.I'm not sure if their menu is undergoing a bit of a transition or what, but the menu we got in the restaurant combined their regular menu and their bistro menu, and several items from their website were missing.  Maybe they'll fix this shortly.
<review# 2014,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/23/2011,7/4/2011,220,464,4,17,12>"The Best First Thing to do in St. Louis" was the advertisement & I agree.  As we rode through StL I was amazed at what I did not know & what I have forgotten.  St Louis has many buildings and unique (many times funny) history to make a city proud.  The tours leave Lumiere Casino (tickets at the gift shop or on-line) at 10 AM, noon, 2 PM and 4 PM- except Monday.  This should be an official yelp event soon!The tour driver talked about St Louis river exploration history, trade history, baseball, brick, Blues music, "first skyscraper", 1904 World's Fair and the rebirth of the city (the Loop, Millionaire's Row, Washington Ave, SLU, Wash U, etc).  He showed & talked about the old & new Basilicas (public church- I did not know the meaning).  There was many jokes & funny local stories (consumption per capita of beer & the invention of the toasted ravioli, etc).I would highly recommend this to anyone from first time tourists to old sarcastic know it all like me.  The driver was very interactive and asked many questions.  For the OCD or "devil's advocate" people, he might be fuzzy on a few facts and missed some places because of the short tour route... I would just set back & smile or politely correct (like Wash U not having a good athletic program bearsports.wustl.edu/Ath…  )  Overall, he did a excellent job in the limited time and us being one of the first tours.I was invited for a short preview of this tour to celebrate a friends 70th birthday.  I hopped on the enclosed, a/c and wood lined trolley at the North entrance to Lumiere Casino.  There were a few detours and he allowed the birthday party to talk amongst themselves so it was not the "official tour", but I still walked away impressed.The trolley itself has two large a/c units that almost froze us out till the driver adjusted the settings.  The seats are wood benches with cushions on them and was fairly comfortable for the short trip.  There was a handicap lift at the back of the trolley.As we left, one of the riders made a deal to rent the trolley for another special event.  There are repeat customers already for this new business!Note- Later, at 3 Monkeys for a benifit, I was informed I should check out Washington University Women's Volleyball  bearsports.wustl.edu/Ath… and overall championships  wustl.edu/athletics
<review# 2015,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/29/2010,7/3/2011,75,425,2,6,4>I too had heard good things about the new ITAP so when the opportunity presented itself (in the form of a New Belgium event) I figured 'Why not? It's only beer.' The menu is long and complete with Shiner Bock, loads of Colorado micro-brews and some Californians too (sadly none from Pizza Port). I think one could easily drink their way through the nation and world here. Prices were reasonable and I LOVED that they let me taste before I bought. I'm horribly indecisive when it comes to beer, I never really know what I'm going to get and what I want. They have great specials. Wednesday nights are drain the keg night, $12 gets you whatever keg they are offering and they will keep replacing it until close. Not a bad deal if you ask me. There are other specials throughout the week too. There are only 2 negatives that stood out to me. 1) there is a lot of wasted space here. I'm not interior design expert or anything and I know they are new. But there is a dancefloor-esque open area in the front. It's strange. 2) the first bartender who approached us after we sat down asked what we wanted, listened to us, and then told us to tell another person. What's your job then? Greet me and then refer me? It was strange and confusing- not the way I like my drinking experiences to begin (although they usually end that way).
<review# 2016,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/4/2011,7/2/2011,154,611,4,9,6>We went here with Erin and Tim G and Lesley S and her hubby one Friday night and I can't wait to go back! The decor, as people have said, is very unique. Definitely a must see. We tried several cocktails, including a hibiscus infused one complete with flower. I can't remember the names but I asked for fruity recommendations and I wasn't sorry about any of them. They are pricey, but we had a $50 restaurant.com certificate with a $100 minimum so we were there to spend!We each ordered several tapas, 1 at a time. The service was excellent and everything came our perfectly timed. We had a lot of courses. I started with the mango melon mint salad, which was one of the most unique and refreshing dishes I've ever had! Chunks of yummy watermelon and mango with mint and a spicy dressing. It was a perfect balance of flavors. With it I had the jalapeño cornbread, which came with real butter. It was served warm in a cast iron dish and was also mouth watering good. I had to share! It wasn't too spicy - I can't handle too much kick. It had a great flavor. My hubby had the goat cheese fritter, which I tried, and it was good too. The next thing I got was the Monterrey Jack and guava empanadas, which were gooey and full of cheese and came with a spectacular aji dipping sauce. I wanted to lick my fingers! I was getting full with all the food and drink so I ended up taking some home and they were good reheated too. My husband enjoyed his other dishes, like crab cakes and chicken skewers. I didn't try those being a non-meat eater. We had some money to spend so we ordered some dessert to share with the table: the Caribbean queen cake and the carrot cake ice cream. The queen cake was just ok, kind of dry, and I think it needed something. But the carrot cake ice cream... O..M...G! It was the perfect coupling of two amazing things, ice cream and carrot cake, and was so delicious and rich.One thing that REALLY stuck out to me - I forgot my certificate, and tried to show it on my phone but they said they needed a paper copy - and promptly brought the owner's laptop right to my table so I could print it! They easily could've been assholes about it, but this was above and beyond for me. An awesome gesture that along with the food and drink, are a winning combination to get me back!It isn't cheap but it's a great experience to sit and eat with friends, sharing dishes and ordering one at a time. I am really anxious to go back!
<review# 2017,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/7/2010,7/1/2011,18,55,2,4,3>Everyone knows  that as part of the tradition of anniversaries, you take your signother out to a fancy place to eat. This year I wanted to surprise Steph with a dinning experience from not just any fancy restaurant , but one that featured natural, locally cultivated fare. Turning to Yelp led me to Terrene, so thank you fellow Yelpers for the help! I got mad brownie points for the selection! ^_^The atmosphere of the place was perfectly romantic- soft mood lighting and colors, well spaced tables and a reverent sense of quiet prevailed. We were quickly greeted, seated and had drink orders placed. Contrary to popular opinion (Steph!) I did NOT know what I wanted (lol!) - and it was extremely difficult to choose an entrée because there were so many tempting options. Nevertheless we started with several 'small plates.' A *teensy* tangent regarding the term 'small plates': I have realized, after much reflection, that I HATE the term.  To me, it is a scam implemented by shady, swanky, pretentious tapas bars (*cough*Mosaic*cough*) to offer the customer double the price for half the food. But I digress- to my happy surprise, Terrene's version of the small plates were by NO measure small. Enter the fried calamari, frites and pork belly. All were phenomenal. Excellently prepared, seasoned and equipped with dippables; a peppery anchovy & caper sauce, horseradish ketchup & a something resembling a much improved 'flowering onion' sauce, and a creamy, sweet potato puree respectively. I had agonizingly decided on the special of the day: the pork tenderloin with a side of grits and greens. But the rote description the waiter gave us never prepared me for the succulent, perfectly prepared pork tenderloin, gently reclining in an exquisite splash of buttery grits and greens. I was, and remain, speechless. Though several, very pleased, very primal sounding noises accidentally escaped while eating. As THAT was happening Steph was waiting. Apparently her order had taken longer to prepare than mine. When the waiter placed the mountain of black mussels in front of us, we both made the same 'wtf?' face. Somewhere in the shuffle 'scallop' had become 'mussel.'Which, considering their place in the animal kingdom, is an easy mistake to make. While we waited for the scallops (mere minutes!) we were treated to a free soup of our choosing- which happened to be sweet potato. Unfortunately, it was nothing special in my estimation. Though it was fairly tasty and the texture was VERY silky-smooth it just became less and less interesting to eat. Just like plain old tomato soup. Minutes later Steph got her scallops, gnocci and beets. ALL definitely worth the wait! Everything was texturally on the mark, well seasoned, and at the perfect temperature. I kept stealing forkfuls of the gnocci and scallops like the well trained vulture I've become. The beets were good too... for beets. That ENTIRE meal plus two rounds of drinks were a steal at around $80. So not only was the evening a hit, not only was the food fantastic, both in execution and proportion, but it was RIDICULOUSLY inexpensive in light of the circumstances. You want to score points with your signother? BELIEVE THE HYPE, and check out Terrene. Like, right now. Seriously.
<review# 2018,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/2/2010,6/30/2011,65,28,,7,7>After seeing this place mentioned on a Yelp list for their beef barley soup, I decided to stop in and try the place since it was close to my bank on the Hill.  Michael was at the counter and navigated me through the menu as well as their frozen offerings.  He couldn't have been nicer or more helpful!I decided to go with their 1/2 soup and 1/2 sandwich combo for 6 bucks.  I got the salsiccia sandwich (split salsiccia with marinara and provolone) and their salsiccia chili.  The chili alone is worth going out of your way to try.  I thought it was a perfect blend of meat, red beans (not kidney beans), sauciness, and just enough spiciness; everything seemed well balanced and proportionate in both flavor and size of ingredients.  A hearty champion indeed!The bread the sandwich came on was so freaging good; chewy and soft all at the same time, and you could actually taste the sesame flavor the seeds lended.  The piece of split salsiccia was fresh, had plump texture, and authentic Italian seasoning (plenty of fennel seed!).  Provolone cheese and a drizzle of marinara topped it off.  The cheese was good, as was the marinara, but I would have liked to have a little more sauce on my sandwich (totally personal preference).  I think the balance would have been just right for most people.  Important to note, is that they have a list of 11 cheeses to choose from, as well as a whole host of "toppings" I could have added as well--a customizable meal!I got my order to go and everything was still warm by the time I got back to the office, which was very much appreciated on this chilly winter day.  I ate the half sandwich and part of the chili and was too full to continue.  Needless to say, I am REALLY excited about the leftover chili I'll be having for lunch tomorrow!They have a good sized menu of sandwiches, both cold and hot, as well as salads, pasta, and sides.  They carry Coke and Fitz's beverages, as well as brew fresh iced tea.  You can get Dad's oatmeal cookies and a few other treats, including frozen Snickers bars.  This is probably not the place to go if you are watching carbs or calories.  There are a few vegetarian options, but I didn't see anything vegan-friendly.They also have frozen pastas, speidini, pizzas, etc.  and provide options for catering.  I did happen to purchase a whole frozen brusilone they made in-house for only about $8.50.  Stay tuned on how it turns it!
<review# 2019,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/4/2011,6/29/2011,129,181,4,6,3>Walking into Steak and Rice shushed me into my grandmother's kitchen.  And I don't mean this in a romantic, sniffing chocolate cake kinda way-- it's more the sort of day when my grandma forced me to sit still long enough in the kitchen while she kept a pot of overly cooked soup boiling on the stove, braided my hair, hiked some stockings over my legs and then cooled the soup with ice cubes so that I could eat it before walking to school.  This food is not overly thought out.  It is not gourmet or continental to the regions of China.  Do not go to Steak and Rice for their Cantonese dumplings.  I went to Steak and Rice for a staff meeting today and we paid with gift certificates that were donated by the owners.  They are so generous that they regularly give to our non-profit organization in the best way that they can-- by feeding us.  While sitting at lunch, I was distracted by the owner's adorable daughter who was trying to pass the time during her third (or fourth) snow day from school.  Pigtails and tiny red dress, she pondered in her booth, looking at the snowy banks outside.  Not given their charitable donations, I wouldn't know Steak and Rice.  A smallish restaurant set back from Lindbergh Blvd amongst the box stores, it is easily lost.  It is worth the effort to seek out local establishments in the lesser trendy and lesser hipster areas.  (take ques from NYC folks who are constantly fighting themselves over who can find the next diamond in the rough)  I promise to fight off NYC hipsters if they start crowding Steak and Rice.  You have my word.
<review# 2020,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/10/2008,4/13/2009,275,429,11,14,12>It's the morning after my inaugural trip to Mandarin House and I still have a giant food baby in my belly, not to mention a fridge full of leftovers.  This place serves the kind of food that you just eat and eat and eat and eat far past your belly's capacity because it tastes SO DAMN GOOD.I was entertained by the muzak and decor when we walked in--somehow instrumental "Somewhere Over the Rainbow" doesn't seem like a natural fit with the fountain and its enormous ceramic fish or the stylized pagoda chandeliers, but it works here and added to the fun of the evening.  Our server was sweet and efficient, our food came out quickly and... oh my.  The food.Justin and I let Allan and Anna order for us and thank goodness because otherwise it's likely we never would've tried the beef tendon, shaved thin like prosciutto and mildly flavored with star anise.  Very good!  And then there was the crab rangoon (of course there was)--big crispy pillows filled with crabby cream cheese goodness, these guys were delicious.  And then plates and plates of food arrived at the table--crispy Szechuan chicken without a hint of grease, mildly spicy braised eggplant that just melts on your tongue, tender braised pork with baby bok choy and spicy green beans with ground pork.  Each dish was just excellent--beautifully prepared and flavored, expertly seasoned and generously portioned.  Dessert was... well, I'm not exactly sure what it was except that it had tapioca balls and some sort of grain in a warm sugary soup.  It tasted like delicious oatmeal and was a tasty end to a really phenomenal meal.So, basically, I'm in love with Mandarin House.  It's my new boyfriend.  Which is okay, I think, because I have a feeling it's also Justin's new girlfriend.  It's very gender fluid like that.  Or something.  All I know is, I'll be back again and again, hopefully with large groups now and then so we can really dig into that menu.  It's large and in charge (just like my belly), and I sincerely doubt there's a single bad thing on the menu.  Just awesome.(Special shout out to Allan for introducing us to such a freakin' great restaurant.  I'll blame you when I gain 20 pounds from such delicious food.)
<review# 2021,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/9/2009,4/11/2009,80,266,5,4,4>In the mood for steak? I was the other night, but didn't want to endure the torture of parking in Soulard. (Yes, I know, I'm a big baby.) So we went to the lesser-visited Tucker's in South County. The 10oz sirloin was cooked perfectly, and I think the baked potato was the size of a football. But the best stuff here is the peach cobbler. Fucking amazing. Cinnamony, peachy  goodness. I could bathe in that stuff.
<review# 2022,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/15/2009,4/10/2009,159,623,4,5,4>Alright, so after 3 failed attempts at recreating the mussels at Kemolls, the Lady and Shady Computer Guy have been pestering me to go there again.  Just to have the mussels and absolutely nothing else.I keep refusing.  The three of us have decided, after having multiple entrees, that this place just isn't worth it.  We couldn't stress enough how just about everything we tried could be compared to far cheaper casual establishments with some "specialties" likening to bar food (ie: the artichoke app).But finally, the night before Valentines, I take the Lady to Kemoll's to satisfy her mussels cravings and, despite words of warning, give it another shot at redeeming itself.Since we've last been there, Kemoll's has since moved up to the 40th floor with some great views of St. Louis.  That, alone, might be worth coming out here.  Of course, we have the Steamed Mussels Alla Crema again, and I seriously don't know what I'm getting wrong.  Wrong alcohol?  Too little garlic?  Not enough salt?  Should be using the exact same mussels they're using (typically going for the more common black mussels as opposed to those other ones that you have to get frozen...) Regardless, it's a fantastic dish.  Its description is "especially recommended."  I've read it as "easily recommended."Now that this place is coupled with some amazing views, I can forgive the price a bit more.  However, I'm not going to spend more than 30 bucks on a freaking veal picatta.  So I look for another dish that might be harder to find elsewhere I my eyes lay upon the Petto Di Pollo Conti.  Sounds interesting.  Let's order it.  The Lady just ordered another round of mussels.Now the last time we were here, the Lady ordered the Cannelloni Alla Crema in hopes that it would be very similar to the sauce in the mussels.  It wasn't even close.  It was pretty gosh darned horrendous.So the Chicken that I ordered HAD THE SAME EXACT SAUCE.  Only now, it had crispy prosciutto and olives added to it instead of juice from mussels and boat loads of garlic (powder?).  It was excellent, and to give the chefs credit, it wasn't just the sauce either.  The chicken breast was extremely well cooked.  This was an extreme surprise when it's practically expected to have overcooked chicken breast, even at the finer establishments.  All of a sudden I'm picturing a bit vat of this cream sauce just sitting in the kitchen at room temp just waiting to be ladled over X dish and be finished with whatever.  It made me realize that maybe I'm overcomplicating things.  Also, the description listed "dry vermouth."Back to the drawing board.*edit*  Damnit... I was pretty gosh darned sure it was vermouth... but it says Sherry on it... geez...
<review# 2023,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/7/2008,4/9/2009,21,41,5,7,5>If you think Alice in Wonderland is trippy,  then The Venice Cafe would be Alice in Wonderland on Acid. You could spend weeks inspecting the bars, bathrooms, and patios of Venice Cafe and still come out at the end of week three and question whether the half naked cupie doll hanging from the purple thread was there yesterday?Every square inch of the walls, floors, and furniture in the place have been turned into a smorgasbord of aesthetics. From beautiful recycled glass mosaics to vintage flee market finds Venice Cafe has nothing if not a perspective all of its own. The menu boasts of its "jerk-o-rama" inspired munchies such as Mango Slaw and Sweet Dumplings to keep you from going hungry.  There are enough choices at the bar to ensure you don't leave sober and plenty of fabulous live performances to get you out of your seat. Venice Cafe is one of those amazing destination retreats that you will never forget.
<review# 2024,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/7/2008,4/8/2009,5,19,4,5,4>This is the only place I have ever gone for tattoos.  Between my husband and I, we have four.  We have never made an appointment as all four were spontaneous!  We were both super nervous, especially the first ones we got but each artist we worked with was patient as we hemmed and hawed over size and location for the ink.  Mine was a small letter that took about 15 minutes and boom it was done!  No color or anything - just black ink.  I was and continue to be pleased with it.My second experience was about 8 minutes, a small tattoo on the instep of my foot.  The artist took time to explain the risks of fading due to the placement of the test and let me weigh my options before proceeding.  It's been over a year now and the ink is still going strong! I thought the prices were fair, especially paying for someone's artwork but I didn't shop around for tattoo pricing prior to my experiences at Iron Age.I would recommend this place to anyone looking their first or fifth tattoo.  It's clean, comfortable and there is always something to see!
<review# 2025,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/19/2009,4/7/2009,57,42,,5,5>Wow, I don't generally use terms like delightful, cozy, etc.  So, I'll try and give a description sans these terms.  The map room, while doing what many others have is unique - I'm not sure how or why, but you feel it once you've entered.  The menu sports coffees, teas, wines, cordials, desserts - as well as "spiked" variations.  Comfortable seating inside, games, Wi-Fi, and great service.  While too cold to enjoy the ouside area, I did take a peak and I suspect it'll be a new destination for many during warmer weater.  The Owners have given attention to being green - not paper napkins, 95% of the products are locally produced (they indicated they're trying to find locals for the balance).   We were treated to a complementary spiced wine - kind of a taste test - and it was wonderful.  Later a nice cab (very reasonably priced), and some great conversation.  I'm really, very impressed with what they've done to a cute building and will be returning often.  Oh, yeah, they also have musical entertainment scheduled.  Not just another coffee house.
<review# 2026,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/22/2009,4/3/2009,110,87,4,4,4>The obvious.  TV's everywhere and not just shitty tv's but actual quality ones.  Enough to the point on a day with a lot of different games this place would be an ADD nightmare... or paradise depending on how sadistic you are.  The food is pretty good.  You can't go wrong with the pastrami or the corned beef.  The hidden gem is their macaroni and cheese.  Oh Daddy.  Now to the not so obvious.  Their bar is a great people watching spot.  It's a cougar den, upscale frat boy sports bar, and grey fox spot all rolled into one.  You'll see a group of 3-4 cougars out on the prowel.  You'll see guys in suits coming in for a happy hour drink.  Hell one time I swear I thought I was watching an affair happen right before my eyes.  This place is a must try.  Depending on what you're looking for, either go for the big game or go on just some random Saturday.  Oh if you're going for the big game, GET THERE EARLY
<review# 2027,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/19/2009,4/2/2009,102,258,6,15,8>Dr. Strohmeyer and his staff are total rockstars. Seriously, these people are amazing -- I've been petrified of going to the dentist since I was a small child, and I'm actually looking forward to my next appointment. I cannot say enough nice things about the team here. Kathleen is the Best. Hygienist. Ever. The woman is a genius, and she's also really, really friendly. My last hygienist made me cry, and this one makes me want to bake her cookies (sugar-free, of course). Even though she had some bad news for me (I have cavities), she made the cleaning/checkup totally painless.Dr. Strohmeyer is really nice, and super professional. He talked me through all of the options for my treatment plan (okay, so maybe I have more than just a couple of cavities) and actually made a root canal not sound that terrible. Let me say that again: he made a root canal not sound that terrible.The front desk staff are awesome, as well. Not only were they great about scheduling my next appointments, but when I mentioned that I might be changing insurance plans soon, Ann started writing down phone numbers of the best dental plans she knew of. So yeah. I've found my dentist. Please try not to swarm the office with appointments, because I have a few more cavities to get filled. And that root canal.
<review# 2028,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/28/2009,4/1/2009,4,9,6,5,3>So, here's the skinny: I am 22 years old. I am in the 2nd semester of my senior year of college and single. It's a Friday night and I have no work hanging over my head. Instead of going out, trolling for women, I spend half the night scavenging around my apartment for a coupon for a free Papa John's pizza that I won at a poker tournament 3 years ago. I drive a few blocks to the nearest Papa John's to see if the coupon is still valid, which I learn upon asking that it is. I place my order and am told that the wait will be 15 to 20 minutes. I have nothing better to do than to sit in the cramped franchise and wait. In my time spent there, I am asked no less than 4 times what my name is and if I am waiting on an order. I grow, first,  annoyed, then completely satisfied with the attention from the staff. Ten minutes after my order is placed, my pizza is ready and I return home. Post script: Yes, this is a Papa John's. The pizza is the same at this location as it is at any other. Of the nationwide chains, I definitely prefer Papa John's, so I suppose I am biased to the quality of the food. There's not much persuasion I can provide either way about the food because anyone reading this has most likely made up their minds about Papa John's. On this visit in particular, though, the service at this location was outstanding: quickly made food and attention (something I don't get nearly enough of). I give this place 4 stars because the pizza is about as dependable as one can ask for, and the service was great. So, will I go back? Probably not, though not for any bad reasons; I don't frequently order pizza. That said, I recommend this location to anyone looking to support a large-scale pizza chain.
<review# 2029,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/3/2009,3/31/2009,52,23,11,12,5>I'm going to be as clear as I can when I say this because I don't want anyone to ever be confused about this place. Hand's down the best Greek food you will have in St. Louis. Most likely in the entire state. Absolutely the best Gyro you will ever put to your lips. I'm not kidding its like a religious experience each time I'm there. When I lived in Illinois I would drive here once a month just to get my fix. It is one of my favorite places I have ever eaten and I mean favorite places nationwide, not just in St. Louis.I get so excited when I even think about this place I'm like a kid going to toys r us with his parents and they have a platinum credit card and nothing to spend it on but you. Seriously I'm getting so excited thinking about this place right now I want to punch my monitor in the hopes that somehow my punch will travel through the internet and hit you in the face while your reading this so you know how damned good the food is.On a more serious note; the service is amazing. Possibly the friendliest staff you will ever meet. The owner is the one behind the counter most of the time and he's just a big teddy bear. He always has a genuine smile on his face and is more than happy to help you. I'm pretty sure me and him are BFF's given how much time I've spent there. Unlike most tiny eateries like this, they don't try to shove stuff down your throat to make a sale. And that's saying something considering the world we live in these days. He's not trying to compete with the franchise places and is perfectly happy running a tiny little eatery that probably makes more money than places ten times the size.It's as authentic as it gets and you will NEVER forget the great experience of eating one of these gyros. I'm dead serious, unless you hop a plane to Greece, this is the best it's going to get.Frankly I'm not sure what some of the other Yelpers are talking about when they have given this place anything less than a 5 star review. I mean that with the utmost respect though, they might have had a less than orgasmic experience but given how amazing this place is I hope they give it a second chance. It's worth it. If it's anything less than fantastic I will let you punch my grandmother in the face. That's a promise I intend to keep. That's how much faith I have in this place.
<review# 2030,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/8/2010,7/14/2010,213,311,5,3,4>What do their crepes and M&M's have in common? They melt in your mouth! After much anticipation and reading some great reviews , my boyfriend and I finally went to try this place for ourselves, and boy was it worth it! The shrimp and crab crepe we had was amazing, sea bass was amazing, wine selection was amazing, chocolate mousse was amazing, and the rooftop deck was amazing. Service was great too! Pricing was right on par as you get what you paid for...delicious food! A great place for a date or dinner with a group of friends/family. More Vin de Set, s'il vous plaît!
<review# 2031,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/14/2010,7/13/2010,42,71,16,7,11>Dear Fountain on Locust, We've got to talk. First you start off with your cool historic location and fun atmosphere, with your snazzy dark wood booths and all of that deco stuff you've got everywhere. Then you come up with your inventive spins on traditional salads and sandwiches, like putting brie and apples on a grilled cheese. Then you expect me to wash that down with a ridiculously awesome black cherry ice cream soda? Made without any of that BS high-fructose corn syrup?This must stop, ok? You're making us look bad.   Sincerely, Every Other Restaurant on Earth
<review# 2032,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,6/3/2010,7/12/2010,92,533,7,8,4>Here's a tip:  If the wait staff starts removing barstools as people get up, this means the place is probably about to get pretty crowded.   And here's a second tip:  if you and your targeted new girlfriend find yourselves sitting in the only remaining barstools for about an hour, you might be getting hammered...and everybody around you is noticing this.  The bald guy and his youngish chica at McGurks Saturday night never caught on, but a lot of people were quietly observing as they stumbled out.  In the time we sat and nursed a couple of drinks, the promised crowd never came to fruition.  I will have to say, though, if there is a cooler patio setup in town, I haven't seen it.  I really felt like I was back in New Orleans, except surrounded by St. Louisans, of course.   As to our experience:  We came for an after-dinner drink.  The wife had a chocolate martini, which was great and I had a couple of Smithwicks, which were Smithwicks, while we shared a pretty mediocre piece of cheesecake with Bailey's poured over it.  They put little candles on the tables and turned the lights down and...whoa...played awful classic rock music we've all heard 5000 times just to remind everyone that they were just in Soulard and not an actual special place.  Take away the music and replace some of the common drunks and it really is a pretty cool spot.  So five stars for the look and feel, two stars for ruining it with bad music and two for the very average cheesecake that indicated they didn't much care what they were serving.
<review# 2033,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,1/4/2010,7/11/2010,25,45,12,13,7>Mr. Brunchie Bruncherson here again to tell my tale of Black Bear Bakery or, as I like to call it, "Um...What?"I ventured here on a Saturday morning per a friend's request, and I'm still not quite sure what to make of this place.  It sort of reminds me of Winslow's Home but a little more rundown and SUPER anarchist/hippie/crazy druggie/vegan type of thingy sorta place-ish place.  Honestly, I can't figure out if this is a restaurant, coffee house, bookstore, or some guy's joke on the conformed and politicized world.  But, damn if they don't have some interesting food.So, we start brunch.  I guess these folks just assume you have been here millions of times and know the drill.  Hi, I don't.  At all.  So, after I ordered my food (I'll get to that in a minute) and coffee, I stood there like an f-ing idiot for about 5 minutes wondering where my coffee was.  The hippie-ish "waitress" said we had to serve ourselves out of donated mugs.  Um...OK.  I am not so snobby as to assume I should always be served or have a fancy mug, but give a brother a heads-up.The coffee was OK...typical morning joe.  The food is...different.  It is vegan.  Do you know how HARD it must be to make vegan breakfast food?  Probably really hard, but they did pretty well.  I had an eggless quiche (out of curiousity alone), sweet potato hash browns, and vegan sausage.  My companions dug into some gingerbread waffles.The waffles were quite tasty.  The quiche was OUTSTANDING (I would go back for it alone).  The hash browns were very good, but I could have used double the order.  The sausage was A-W-F-U-L, but it IS a vegan place, so I guess if you are vegan, you just kind of deal.While the food was good, we DID stop at McD's on the way home.  (I mean, I'm adventurous and all, but this puppy needs meat and eggs and stuff.)  I recommend the place if you are of the vegan-anarchy-hippie vein.  It probably will become YOUR go-to haunt.  For me, I felt really uncomfortable near all the "down with government" posters and wearing my too-put-together outfit.  Just not my type of joint, but hardly something you should skip if you want an interesting diversion from typical brunch fare.
<review# 2034,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/6/2010,7/10/2010,30,78,4,9,5>I've been twice to get pedicures at the Chase Park Plaza spa.  It's a very nice and calming space.  When you walk in you are greeted at a desk and then led to a nice sitting area to wait for your pedicurist.  Based on Amanda D.'s review, I knew they had wine, which is a must for me when enjoying a relaxing pedicure.  I bet the greeter at the spa listed out about 10 other things (water, coffee, tea, juice, soda, etc) before I jumped in and said, "do you have any wine?"...and then, phew, she brought me a glass.Once I got back to the pedicure area (there are two stations), I was in heaven.  The woman who was working on me was pleasant, and not overly talkative, so I was able to read a magazine, sip my wine, and really relax.  She did a great job on my feet.  They were soft and the polish job was wonderful.  As a note, it is not the cheapest place to go, but totally worth the money to me.  If you want to splurge a little, give it a try!
<review# 2035,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/20/2010,7/9/2010,154,611,,5,3>Went to Al-Waha last weekend and was happy I did! The decor is interesting, some cool artifacts on the wall. The tables and chairs are pretty spartan, but everything is very clean (A MUST!). The "stage" that a previous reviewer mentioned has a couple table on it, which my boyfriend coveted. I didn't think it was that bad.On to the food- we started with the hummus. It was delicious! Extremely creamy. I had hummus from two places this last weekend and both were yummy, but this place had really nice, fresh pita bread with it. There are a lot of vegetarian options and I went with one that was basically a bunch of veggies in a traditional sauce over rice. It was fresh, tasted interesting (couldn't place the spices, but yummy) and came with a lot of veggies. My bf had beef dumplings and gobbled them all up. The service was awesome. Super attentive, friendly and helpful. Granted, it wasn't all that busy, but the waitress paced our appetizers and meals well and was there to make sure everything was ok.I am surprised that another reviewer commented on this place being pricy. It was less than $25 for my bf and me to get an appetizer (good sized) and two well portioned meals. $7.95 isn't expensive for a meal, even for lunch, in my humble opinion. Maybe in a college town.Bonus! They bring your table a whole carafe of water so you can refill at your leisure and not have to wait for the waitress. My bf is a water-aholic so this worked well for us and we drank the whole thing easily.We'll definitely be back to try some other yummy offerings on the menu!
<review# 2036,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/28/2010,7/8/2010,24,37,2,11,4>Having grown up in Mexico for large parts of my childhood, my expectations of mexican food are quite high. That being said, when I first moved to St. Louis I had been deprived of any real mexican food for 4 years while exiled in Detroit. When I first arrived I searched, questioned, begged and pleaded for people to send me in the direction of a traditional mexican taco. None of this chain crap, pico de gallo, make believe tex-mex.  I was directed to (a not yet discovered) cherokee district. After all of these years I have not felt the need to search any father.I only order the tacos here because on the streets in mexico, that's all you get. This is why I come here, for mexican street food. It is 100% authentic. 100% cost equivalent. 100% the last mexican food joint I will ever need in St. Louis.A friend of mine and I once went through the entire menu of a Taco Truck (which is were you get the good ones in CA) when we were in high school. She told me, eat it and then ask what it is. That way you are never afraid to eat the best part of the animal.I 100% subscribe to that philosophy today and suggest that you do to. You won't be sorry you did.
<review# 2037,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/1/2010,7/7/2010,158,287,,5,5>Well- obviously brunch is an amazing thing, especially for me.  So my girlfriends and I decided to go to Scottish Arms for their Sunday Brunch.  I walked in and the first thing I saw was the Bloody Mary counter, and I immediately was in heaven.  The Bloody Mary bar had pickles, olives, hot sauces galore, it truly was incredible!  I wanted to stuff everything into my drink, even though I wasn't in the mood for anything other then coffee. I ordered the cheddar and tomato omelet and added mushrooms.  My girlfriends had the oatmeal pancakes and the goat cheese and fresh herbs omelet.  Everything was great.  The omelets were AWESOME! Filled just right, and of course the home fries were cooked crispy and deliciously. The pancakes were thin and great as well.Overall, brunch was a check plus in my book and so was the bloody mary.
<review# 2038,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/27/2010,7/6/2010,9,147,2,4,2>For a strip mall joint, this place has quite a good ambiance.  They raised the floors and have quite a good setup.The sushi is quite good.  One of the spicy rolls was a bit over the top spicy, but the tuna/cucumber/radish sprout roll was one of the better I have had.The service was friendly.  We had a bit of a mixup, getting someone elses sushi served to us.  It took the waitress a couple tries to figure out what our order was; we had edamame to nom on while all this was going down, so it didn't bother us.They use crab in most of their specialty rolls, which could be a good or bad thing depending on how much you like crab.It was an overall good experience; I will be putting this one on my list to go back to!
<review# 2039,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/14/2010,7/5/2010,132,135,12,17,9>This is where the Ladue house wife's past season clothing and accessories come to die...how do i know?  because i am carrying her purse.   Actually they have amazing variety and on any given day you really have no idea what you will find. Last time i was in I scored the most old ladyish looking fendi for $50 when they were having a half off sale.  I love it.  it's tan and goes with everything...oh and for the record  - i make old lady bags look cool!  I have also gotten some patent leather black YSL pumps for a steal.  I have also purchased the raddest multi -chain gold and silver necklace that i paid $18 for...i seriously felt like i was ROBBING them.  This very same necklace costs well over $100 at a department store.Okay, okay enough about my great finds...and go get some great deals of your own!
<review# 2040,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/24/2013,8/23/2013,37,91,4,6,4>How I considered myself a Saint Louisan before enjoying LeGrand's is beyond me.  I'll start by saying this, I enjoy spice, so if that isn't your thing, then I'd turn to a more mundane sandwich.  There is a sandwich for everyone, so don't be scared off if you have a more traditional palate.  By my count, they have 46 different specialty sandwiches, so if you can't find something that suits your needs then I don't know what to tell you. I felt it would be sacrilegious if I didn't try the Legends Club on my first visit.  Boy was I blown away.  The explosion of meats, cheeses, and spiciness did a Gangnam Style dance in my mouth from my first bite to the last.  The place seems as if it has been there forever.  I got a little nostalgic walking up to this counter and seeing the high school kids slapping together the sandwiches on a nice lazy Saturday.  I couldn't help but think their grandparents were doing the exact same thing at the exact same place generations ago.  Places like LeGrand's are what make America great.  This place is an iconic part of south Saint Louis.  The old Tomboys of the past have been shoved aside for the Walmart's and Costco's of the world, but LeGrand's has stood the test of time, and after my afternoon session with the Legends Club it didn't take me long to realize why.
<review# 2041,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/8/2013,8/22/2013,151,293,4,14,6>I can see!I can see in the morning when I wake up!I can see in the evening before I go to bed!I can see when in the water!I can see without contacts!I can see without glasses!Seriously, if you're considering Lasik, what are you waiting for? Yes, it's a big investment - but honestly, if you do the math and add up the extra costs for contact lens fitting, contacts, contact solution, and backup glasses every year for years and years - you may see it's worth it in the long run!After wearing glasses and contacts for the better part of my life (over two decades, give or take), and seeing my soon-to-be husband get Lasik and loving the outcome, I decided it was time to take the leap. I had a free consultation, where they measure everything about your eyes (even things I didn't know they could measure), and estimate the cost of fixing them. The cost is definitely a pain point, but after setting up the maximum HSA amount for the year (that's tax free money!), the (small) discount from my insurance, and the promotion they were running, to be able to see perfectly without the aid of anything for at least another 15-20 years (before Presbyopia kicks in) made it worth it to me (plus, I got a lot of points on my credit card!).Everyone on the staff is absolutely great - and Dr. Alban was the best. She is the doctor that actually does the procedure, and I didn't even get to meet her until the day-of. She was personable, calming, and talks you through each step of the procedure - so when you're at the point where you lose your vision for a second (scary as hell), she is talking you through what to expect, what you will feel, and what will happen next. When it was all over, and I stood up from the chair, and I could see - I started to cry and gave her a hug! Yes, getting Lasik was an emotional experience for me! Her call that evening to ask how I was doing was a nice touch.The very next day, you're set up for a checkup - and then on one month, three month, and six month intervals.It's been almost two months since I've gotten Lasik, and I can see just as well as I did with contacts. Once my eyes completely heal, it's possible I will see even better than I could with contacts. I don't have any of the side-effects you hear about, except for mild dry eye, which is slowly going away, thanks to the prescription Restasis and artificial tears. If you're seriously thinking about getting Lasik, definitely check out LasikPlus!
<review# 2042,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/11/2013,8/21/2013,46,275,3,5,5>I finally got around to trying SugarFire.  Its not exactly close to anywhere I visit on a regular occasion, but it was definitely worth the drive.  We got there around 11:30, and there was a line out the door.  However, that wasn't realy anything of concern, because it only took about 10 minutes or so to order.  That seems more than fair, because anytime you sit down and order lunch it would take that long if not longer.  My first moment of happiness is when I got to the soda fountain, and I notice it is all natural cane sugar sodas.  Including one of my all time favorites, Ski!  I really liked how you got that early in line, so you could quench your thirst while standing there.  Very smart move.  I ordered the brisket, and my co-worker ordered the pulled pork. Both in the sandwich variety.  We both really enjoyed the flavor of the meat.  The sauce however, was slightly a let down, when something is labelled as texas spicy, and it was about as tame as a fluffy kitten.  The sauce didn't have a bad flavor, it was just lacking the kick I desired.As for sides, I choose the home cut fries, which are basically identical to what I make at home, so that was good, and my co-worker chose the jumbalaya.  She said it was a bit dry, but the flavor was excellent.  She lived down in New Orleans for quite some time, so she's my cajun expert.  We also tried chicken fried bacon.  Save the $1.50 and put it towards something else.  It was rather bland.Finally comes the dessert course, which is typically my favorite part of any meal.  I chose the smoked chooclate chip cookie.  I was concerned that this might be the best or the worst thing I've had in a while.  Luckily for me, it was one of the best.  Smoking chocolate seems like something very weird, but it turned out to be an absolute delight. The co-worker opted for the key lime pie.  She was very pleased with everything in regards to it.  She got the last piece they had for the day, so we felt very lucky.All in all, it was a rather delightful lunch, but it cannot be something I frequent, only because my meal was about 12 dollars, and my co-workers was closer to 17.  That's a bit high for us, but its definitely a nice once and a while treat.  Will be back!  Thanks SugarFire for bringing some more quality BBQ to St. Louis.
<review# 2043,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/26/2013,8/20/2013,51,573,4,7,4>BBQ Wednesday took Mr D and I to Vernon's.  I had Big Jakes on my list to try, but have decided they must be closed, since I could not get an answer on the phone.  Vernon's appeared on my list in the same general area and ratings looked good.You order at the counter and the food is delivered to the table.  Ordering is easy, meat is separate from sides so just get what you want.  Mr D went for a half rack of back ribs and I did the same but doubled up by also getting a Pick 2 so I could sample the pork and brisket.  I also tried slaw and potato salad.Vernon's is located in a renovated filling station, but is neat and clean.  I don't know how long they have been open, but it is not an old joint. It is a good solid place with some creativity, but that is not overdone and does not distract.  All meats are served without sauce.  They have five sauces to choose from.  I sampled the XXX (hottest) and found it to be fairly hot, but very flavorful with good chile flavor, kind of like it has sambal olek in it.  The sauces seem to be homemade and creative.  Here is what I found based on this one experience.Back Ribs - Well cooked.  They came clean off the bone, but were not overdone mush with bare bones sticking out.  They also were not oven finished.  They have a nice glaze on them but are not served sauced.  They do not need it.  Apparently the glaze is achieved by dipping them in a sweetened juice mixture periodically during smoking.  This builds up the glaze.  They were nicely smoky and very flavorful with a little heat.  My only minor comment was the need for a hint of salt.  Very good ribs, some of the best I have had in St Louis.Pulled Pork - Pulled and coarsely chopped.  Good smoke, rub needs a little salt.  Although I did not eat mine on bread, this will make a good sandwich with some slaw on it.  My serving was just a little dry but not badly so.  This is decent pulled pork, but not up to the level of Sugar Fire.Brisket - This was a first for me having the brisket chopped.  The meat was very comparable to the pork in flavor, rub and doneness etc.  Again, it needs just a bit of salt in the rub, but it was well smoked and flavorful.  I found mine a little dryer than the pork.  So again, decent beef, but not up to the level of Sugar Fire or PM.Very solid work by Vernon's.  The ribs were the clear winner on this particular day, but with a little dressing both the pork and beef will make good sandwiches.  I liked the slaw which is a creamy style with some spices included.  It was not exceptionally sweet and had good balance.  The potato salad has horseradish in it and is made with mayo which are both good ideas, but it really needed more dressing.  I found it to be pretty dry, although it had good flavors.  Vernon's is worthy of a return with Ms T.  She can relive her experience at Ms Paynes in Memphis (dining in a gas station).
<review# 2044,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/29/2013,8/19/2013,103,317,11,12,12>OMG. OMG. The ugly duckling has become a swan!Five years ago, when I first moved to St. Louis and visited SLAM, I would have given this place 3 stars. I thought, "No wonder it's free...who would PAY to see those exhibits?" It was dark, boring, and dull. Not even Monet's Water Lilies or Cornoyer's Plaza After the Rain could save it. My cold heart cracked just a little almost two years ago when they collaborated with Kansas City and Cleveland and showcased the Agapanthus triptych for the first time in over 30 years. I had seen 2/3 of the triptych separately, but together...oh my. It sang. It was just lovely. I went back several times because it was just that beautiful. And Monet is not even my favorite artist. If you missed it, I'm so sorry...it moved the ground in a way that New Madrid hasn't been able to. And just that one panel doesn't really cut it afterwards. I watched with a skeptical eye that black building rise up. It seemed that the $15 parking lot was going to be more grandiose. And kept thinking, WHAT are you going to put in there?? I mean...half your European gallery has one-hit wonder artists!I take it all back. Apparently SLAM had craploads of art in storage and had been holding out like a virgin on her wedding night...and they've dragged it all out in some fantasy Antique Roadshow. It's phenomenal. I hear there's even more. When the Art Institute installed their modern wing, they got a lot of flak because people didn't think that the wing collaborated with the rest of the museum. Yeah, it kinda looks weird here too...but it works. The new building is understated but manages to be soaring and contemporary at the same time without being too avant garde. There's some attempt at continuation with galleries of ancient art and the timeless pieces of Louis Sullivan and Frank Lloyd Wright, along with the pithy random bronzed comments.  And in a way...it's perfectly fitting. Stone Sea? Is that going to be permanent? It better be. The modern wing has a contemporary yet classic feel to it. It manages to teach, inspire, and cause wonder all at the same time. It flirts with a little crazy and innovation but not to CAM's level. They've also punched up their exhibitions a notch by bringing back out their Chihuly chandelier, which I've never seen before, but apparently has been around. And with all that new space, there's more space for different exhibits in the main building: textiles that they've always had in storage, a room for a sole Calder piece, Degas's pencil drawings, and Duerer's wood cuts. Be still, my thumping heart!Admission is still free...and the special exhibits are still free on Fridays. Every Friday in July, they have a movie screening out on Art Hill, in addition to their usual Art after 5 series on Fridays in the museum. They also have random free guided tours during the week so make sure you check that out. They are closed on Mondays.And I just want to ask...what the hell ELSE do you guys have in storage?? Screw the freaking golf course! Aren't there like at least two???! Mow it over! Build another addition!
<review# 2045,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/23/2013,8/18/2013,457,314,9,13,12>We take our staff out to eat once a year and this year I chose Tucano's.  I chose this place because of a Yelp Elite event I attended.  I needed something that would take care of 14 people who all have different food needs.  One Vegan, a few picky eaters and of course me.  I am a meat eater and this place seemed to be the only choice.  We all ordered the lunch special and added appetizers of calamari, nachos and fried onions.  Then we moved on to the salad bar.  Everyone loved the salad bar.  I myself had a bowl of soup as I knew what a tidal wave of food was on its way.  Beef in the form of  tenderloin, sirloin, brisket, and round.  Chicken in a sweet sauce, turkey wrapped in bacon.  Mixed vegetables were also served on the skewer.  Every piece of meat was very well seasoned and had that wonderful grilled flavor.  My favorite was the house sirloin.  It is just fantastic.  After having all sorts of special non alcoholic drinks and soda's I was finished.  The crew?  Nah.  These champs had almost every dessert on the menu.  Huge chocolate cake, fudge brownies with ice cream, creme brulee, apple crisp with ice cream and on and on.  I cannot believe how much food was consumed.  The funny part was how quite the table was getting as the meal progressed.  I guess eating that much food puts everyone in a food coma. On the ride back to work I was pretty sure we were not going to get much more work done for the day which is fine by me.  They all work so hard they deserve a goof off day.
<review# 2046,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/10/2013,8/17/2013,413,665,18,12,14>Ya'll do things backwards, man. Doing a food truck and then getting a storefront is like owning the Playboy mansion and then moving back in with your parents. But hey, the more the merrier. Which isn't always true, but is certainly true when we are talking about Seouliciously amazing tacos. Melville Avenue. Heard of it? Neither have I. It's a teensy capillary that feeds off Delmar. Blueberry Hill made that corner its bitch. But I just kept walking till I found Seoul turf.Sooooooooo... If you've missed the food truck, no you haven't, because this "restaurant" is about the size of a food truck. Make the most of the impossibly awkward door, which couldn't be more perfect for your, "Oooooops, I'm so sorry, didn't mean to bump into you!!!!" pervcapades. Definitely eat here if you've always wondered what it would be like to eat dinner in your own coffin. Otherwise, step out onto the patio for some breathing room, or go eat it in your car, which is probably less pathetic than eating it alone in here. Not that I did that.The food here was *slightly* less impressive than the food from the truck, but I think that's because it wasn't from a truck. Kind of like getting gum from 7-11 instead of from a gumball machine at a Chuck-E-Cheese. Same gum, less glory. I had too much time to think about the taco because I wasn't walking while eating it. But it was still an awesome taco. Awesome tacos always depress me. With each bite I'm like, it's a Goddamn taco, how can it taste so good, and why can't I duplicate this in my own kitchen??? Eating an amazing taco is like eating an amazing grilled cheese sandwich or amazing scrambled eggs. You berate yourself the whole time. I can sing better than that bitch! Oh wait, that's American Idol, not scrambled eggs.ANYwho. The bathroom is worth noting, and not just because it's almost as big as the dining room. It has one of those bowl sinks, and not only that, but the bowl is glitterfied. So, to summarize:-Spicy pork tacos are the tits-From a truck, from a store, doesn't really matter. Still making me broke and fat. Yaaaaay.
<review# 2047,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/26/2013,8/16/2013,109,351,3,6,6>This place was on my bucket list of Clayton restaurants, so I jumped at the chance to go during Restaurant week.  You know the deal, 3 courses for $25.  I lined up some female friends and made a reservation for a Tuesday night.I got there first, it had snowed so everyone else was running behind.  The host was extremely friendly and engaging and promised me I was in for a treat for the evening.  It was a rough start to the night when the waitress apparently decided without asking that I wouldn't want to order anything until my friends arrived.  When I was first seated she asked if I wanted to order a drink, but I wasn't done reading the wine list so I asked for a minute.. ten minutes later I finally flagged her down to place my order for a wine flight.  I gave up on trying to order an appetizer until another 10 minutes had passed and she finally showed up with my wine.  In the mean time I was literally sitting there at a table by myself with nothing but a glass of water.  That's pretty annoying.  Apparently she was too busy fawning over the table behind me, since they were regulars.Once my friends arrived she at least started checking on us regularly.  The food was delicious, I had the seafood appetizer with this awesome tangy mustard sauce.  My beef tenderloin was delicious and perfectly cooked.  Dessert was a chocolate pastry and it was too rich to finish (but I'd still try again!!)As others have said, don't go here for a quiet night.  The tables are really packed in and it tends to get noisy.  I still thought it was cozy, I liked the feel of the space.  It says a LOT that despite the lousy service I'm still giving it 4 stars.  I'll definitely go back and give them another chance.
<review# 2048,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/10/2013,8/15/2013,50,187,4,7,5>if you walk into a chinese restaurant with roasted duck in the window, 9/10 you should be ordering the roasted duck.get either just the roasted duck (can't go wrong) or the rice plate combo with three (THREE!!) kinds of meat:  roasted ducky, piggy, and chickedy.  comes with a pile of bok choy and some garlic sauce, over a plate of white rice.  tea, and then an egg custard at the very end.some things are just not worth the hassle to make at home.  chinese bbq is one of those things, and when wei hong can give you three different types of animals AND a serving of vegetables AND enough carbs to put you into a coma for the afternoon, why not shell out that $8?i'm a fan of this restaurant.  when not ordering the bbq, i've also had the eggplant clay pot, shredded pork with pickled vegetables, and pepper beef.  yes to the first two, meh to the pepper beef.  but take my advice and order some roasted animals.
<review# 2049,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/13/2013,8/14/2013,44,83,,6,4>This is my go-to homebrew store in Saint Louis. The staff are always very helpful and willing to give advice if you need it. I can't speak for their winemaking selection, but they have all the supplies you'll need to make great beer. They have an impressive collection of hops, malts, and yeasts for such a small store, and if there's something you need that's not in stock, they can order it for you. They also have starting kits for beginners, and offer classes throughout the year for different skill levels.Whether you're looking to brew your first batch of beer or your 100th, this place will have what you're looking for. They always have a few beers on draft for sampling, so have a taste while you're there. It's a great way to try new styles or new hops.
<review# 2050,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/14/2013,6/14/2013,213,311,2,6,4>Out of all the small breweries in STL, Urban Chestnut gets my vote for favorite beers (besides Schlafly of course). Zwickel, Winged Nut, Schnickelfritz, etc. All delicious!Aside from beer this place has a kick ass patio. I must remember to come here on a gorgeous summer weekend to experience their patio night life. Equipped with many picnic tables, an outdoor bar, and plenty of space, this place is ready to party. Don't come hungry, but they do have a small selection of food to prevent a beer coma. Great service, sampling options, and knowledgeable staff. And now you sell your beers at my grocery store! UCBC you da bomb.
<review# 2051,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/20/2013,6/13/2013,109,92,4,6,5>I used to live a few blocks from here and I would frequent this place, well...quite frequently. Now I stop in to get a burger and fries to go, as they have some of the best greasy burgers in town. Yeah, I know, you can get a great one at The Kitchen Sink or O'Connel's or somewhere else, but not this quick and not this cheap while maintaining the goodness.The staff is always friendly and who knows why. Some of the patrons are not the easiest to put up with and rarely is it not busy. My hats off to them, for sure!The downfall, in my opinion, is not accepting credit or debit. They do offer an ATM, but the cost is $1.95. Why not increase the prices by 3-5%, no one would even notice. The convenience is worth it. Who carries cash any more? Especially on a Saturday or Sunday morning after being out all night and now you just need some food to soak it all up. My cash is used for tipping, parking, etc. I don't want to have to worry about it.Ok, this is a diner, so expect to get diner food. However, for me, it's one of the best in town. Parking can be limited during peak times, but all in all a great place.Oh, one last thing. They don't take "to go" orders over the phone. I guess they've been burned too often by people not showing up. I always get my food quick, but I would rather just stop, get it and go. No big deal though.
<review# 2052,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/16/2013,6/12/2013,122,526,4,5,5>As a repeat customer I figured it was about time to update my review and add an extra star, I love this place great food and its owned by Steve Ewing of The Urge. The atmosphere is fun, and decorated with some of Steves favorite things. For those that don't know he is a big Star Wars fan, which is evident if you follow the daily magic word, which will help score you $1.00 off your meal.  The food is great, the hot dog buns and hot dogs are all from local suppliers, however the dogs are all smoked before being served. My old favorite was the Gorilla Mac & Cheese Dog, which is a Nathans dog topped with Mac & cheese and fried onions, it's amazing. However it has recently been bumped down a notch thanks to the Storm Trooper Dog, which is a smoked Salsiccia topped with made from scratch Rotini Alfredo, bacon, French's Fried Onion and fresh grated Parmesan! I am getting hungry again just writing about it! Service is top notch, the friendly staff will help you decide and make your dog anyway you like it. Another plus is the soda selection, they offer a variety of soda, however The Empire Strikes Back thanks to the large selection of Empire Soda, which is delicious but I have a feeling it was picked purely for the namesake. Seating is limited, probably about 8 tables inside with an additional 4 outside.  You will often see people getting carry out which is what I will do from time to time. On a side note, during Taste of St.Louis a few years ago I had the pleasure of trying a limited item, the Doganoli. Which was a smoked dog, fried in basically a toasted ravioli like batter. It was amazing, the only problem is that its limited to outside events since they do not have a deep fryer in the restaurant. Overall I highly recommend Steve's Hot Dogs on the Hill, it's a great addition to St.Louis area, and well worth the drive from wherever you may live. PTMFUS!
<review# 2053,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/28/2013,6/11/2013,12,169,3,8,7>What I like about Cunetto's is that they offer the largest selection of pasta on The Hill. After all, it is the "House of Pasta" - and they do a good job to living up to that name. And when I say largest selection, I'm talking a full page, two columns of different pastas on the menu. Sure, it's old school, St. Louis Italian. But that's what I like about it. As a St. Louisan, I need my fix every now and then!Their house salad is divine. Not the same old, same old - but more of an anchovy-based creamy Italian dressing. It's chock full of cheese and topped with crispy prosciutto. You really can't go wrong with the pastas, either. I tend to go for the cream-based sauces - but there's something for everyone. There are also plenty of meatless options. In fact, the Ditalini Con Piselli (small cut pasta with creamy white butter sauce, green onions and peas) is one of my favorites - and I am, by no means, a vegetarian.I would advise against going on a Saturday night. On several occasions, I've seen a line around the block waiting for the doors to open. I recommend going after work on a weeknight to avoid all of that.
<review# 2054,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/15/2013,6/10/2013,46,164,3,5,5>The Chase is a Saint Louis landmark, and I am happy to see it thriving.  I arrived with some friends a couple of weekends ago to celebrate my birthday, having reserved several suites for all of us.  Check-in was smooth and painless, and the lobby was bustling.  I was happy that we had reserved early since the hotel was sold out and had three events going on that night.  Of the rooms, mine was actually the smallest and would have been better being the biggest since I was entertaining in my room before and after we went out.  I had asked for a kitchenette and one of the other groups wound up with that.  Not a big deal, and we could have switched if wanted.  The rooms are well appointed and maintained, but as some other reviews mention, could be updated a bit.  There is comfy furniture, a TV in both rooms of the suite, a large bathroom with an oversize soaking tub and great toiletries that I used both days.  A little office nook and a huge walk-in closet complete the space.  The large walk-in is a bit confusing...you would literally have to move in the room forever to need a closet that big.  I know many of these rooms were formerly apartments.  Just seems that the space could be better reclaimed as something else since it's part of the hotel side now.  We had plenty of seats and room to hang out, and I turned the desk into a nice wet bar.  Got back to the room late, played some music and surely got loud, but no complaints- awesome!  A great reason to have extra space as a barrier between rooms.  The bed was comfy, and it was amazing to roll out of bed and walk downstairs to a top notch brunch.  Had it been warmer, I would have hit their stellar pool.  There is also a gift shop, several high quality restaurants, and a really nice theater.  if it was bad weather or you were just wanting to hole up, there would be no reason to leave here for days.  That's a nice treat sometimes.  If you do want to leave, there are so many options from Forest Park to the Central West End, many within walking distance.
<review# 2055,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/15/2013,6/9/2013,36,102,3,7,7>I thought new restaurants were supposed to have growing pains?!  If they ever had any, Prasino grew up quick!  Prasino is bright, shiny, and new in St. Charles.  I was SO excited to try it because of their philosophy of using hormone/anti-biotic free meats, sustainable seafood, organic produce and eggs.  I was even more excited because they have a bunch of gluten free menu options for my husband. Prasino lived up to my expectations and even exceeded them.I went on a very nice weather day and the bar area was opened to the patio which allowed for a nice breeze to flow throughout the bar.  I went with two other ladies and we tried several of the drinks including the Prasino Fizz, Green, and Summer Thyme.  All three were delicious and beautiful with fresh herbs in them.  At happy hour prices, these were even more delicious!For appetizers, we tried the lobster avocado and a bacon and goat cheese flatbread. The avocado was half an avocado stuffed with a LOT of lobster which was nicely dressed.  The flatbread was also delicious. For dinner entrees, our group tried the pork belly and scallop tacos, the short rib tacos, and the lamb sirloin sandwich with truffled potato wedges (YUM!).  Again, we each loved what we got and swore we'd be back a lot. The décor and ambiance of the place is contemporary but friendly and the service is fantastic.  Our server, Kelsey, was very friendly and helpful with menu selections.  It's good to know that the staff has tried a lot of the food.  I always think this is a sign of a good restaurant.I'm sure Prosino is going to become a favorite in my house.  Can't wait to go back!!
<review# 2056,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/24/2013,6/8/2013,68,185,3,7,6>Just for reference guys Piccione is pronounced (puh-CHOH-nee, Italian for "pigeon) I saw this place on the corner of Delmar and Skinker before they opened. I was so excited that there was going to be a bakery opening up in the Loop!! Despite the horrible rain yesterday we still managed to make it here after work.Its a very nice size bakery. I love the interior design and the red accents. There are plenty of little tables along the window to sit down at. The menu is very well displayed on the back wall along with a coffee/drink menu. The open concept of the kitchen makes you feel like you are in a personal kitchen and not a bakery. The whole atmosphere is very fun and inviting. They had a variety of pastries and cookies and cakes to choose from. We went with the original ricotta cannoli, a cherry cannoli, a puff pastry and the Tiramisu. The Tiramisu right of the bat hit home for me. It reminded me of my mothers Tiramisu. You could taste the hints of kahlua & cocoa. It was not overly sweet but just enough to satisfy any sweet craving.The canonolis were also very delicious. The shell was perfectly crispy and the fillings again were not overly sweet. The Cream Puff was huge first of all, it can easily feed two people. We didn't finish ours. The pastry melts in your mouth and compliments the cream very well. I am in love with this bakery. The owner made my heart melt because he was in a suit and tie helping out his customers! Its the little things like that which makes a place stand out. He gave us some Italian cookies to go, for free, for no reason. I can't wait to go back and try the coffee.
<review# 2057,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/8/2013,6/7/2013,45,113,2,5,3>I landed at the Flying Saucer last night after buzzing the tower earlier in the day to scope out the surroundings.  Currently parking is limited to street, a $3 pay lot across Spruce, and the a lot reserved for guests of the Westin.  Last night marked the second day the Flying Saucer was open.  The whole restaurant/pub is not complete with a party room and outdoor patio yet to be finished. Still, the atmosphere is light, bright and airy.  The proximity to Busch stadium, right across the street, will ensure this establishment is jammed before and after home games. I sat at the bar and enjoyed one of the biggest soft pretzels I have ever seen.  The food menu is currently limited to appetizers and sandwiches.  The pretzels come in an order of two with a choice of two sauces (spicy mustard, nacho cheese, and cream cheese with chives).  I ordered the two cheeses.  The nacho cheese was good and ample for two pretzels.  There was barely any of the cream cheese and I saw no hint of any vegetation in it. The Flying Saucer offers a frequent flyer program called the UFO club.  Drink 200 different beers and you will get a plate with your name on it on the wall.  Club members are only given credit for three beers in a visit to prevent poor flying.  The club costs $18 to join and comes with a t-shirt.There are plenty of local, national and international beers on tap.  The only beers you will not encounter at the Flying Saucer are macro brews like Budweiser.  The website has a complete list of the beers offered. All in all I enjoyed my stay.  I did engage a fellow patron in conversation as to how this new arrival may impact iTap's business.  My opinion is that iTap will serve more of a beer connoisseur/nerd while the Flying Saucer will cater to more of a tourist and sport fan base. Only time will tell.
<review# 2058,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/17/2013,6/6/2013,108,53,2,6,6>Some friends and I hit up Bevo Mill a few Sundays ago for their legendary brunch. At $24.99 (not including drinks) it's a bit pricey, but you get a ton of great food for the price - and you're essentially getting two meals. Bottomless mimosas or their stocked bloody mary bar will run you a handful of bucks more - and no Sunday Funday brunch is complete without them. Between their omelet and carving stations, biscuits and gravy, and dessert spread, I made sure to get my money's worth. I can't say with any certainty that this is the best brunch in St. Louis, but it's on my short list. Our servers were incredibly kind and attentive, the service was second to none.
<review# 2059,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/13/2013,6/5/2013,140,254,6,14,13>I've been going to Rachel at Sunflower for my massages for a year now, so it's definitely time to update my review. I only wish that I could give Sunflower more than five stars!Everyone has different ideas of what a five-star establishment entails. For some, it's fancy decor or luxurious fabrics. For others, it's a lavish meal or perfect service. For me, it's easy: get to know me and make me feel like one of your best friends visiting your home.That's exactly what owner Rachel offers at Sunflower. From the first phone call to the pre-massage chat to the post-massage personal catch-up, Rachel absolutely goes out of her way to make you feel relaxed, comfortable and welcome. There are no giant waterfalls, new-age chimes or super-purified sauna experiences at Sunflower -- and thank goodness for that! Instead, you get the best personal attention I've found anywhere in or around St. Louis.The fabulous massage is almost secondary to Rachel's thoughtfulness. She remembers her clients' careers and interests from visit to visit, and enthusiastically asks detailed questions about your happiness and your well being. You won't find any bland "Hi, how are you?" small talk from this lady. She joins in her clients' excitement and shares her own dreams and successes. During every visit, I feel more and more like we're hanging out at a coffeeshop instead of the lobby of her studio.Speaking of her studio, it's in a cozy Maplewood building that's quite different from the one she initially had on Cherokee. The current place is quite calming, and Rachel's artistry is on display in various rooms. She has plans to expand into the space next door soon (the building is a business duplex) to offer even more space for clients. I can't wait to see what she paints on the walls on the new side!But you want to know about the massages, right? There's only one word: "Oooooooooohhhhhhhhh."Take that in the happy-as-a-kitty way, not the porny way, please. I see Rachel for the 60-minute massages, and she knows exactly what my back and neck need. During each visit, she remembers my stress points and how my posture and activities contribute to my body's aches and wonkiness. She always asks if I'd prefer any particular music (The girl is cool. Appropriate Radiohead, Arcade Fire and Iron & Wine selections? Um, yes, please.) and remembers to avoid my insanely ticklish feet. Rachel's massage pressure and technique are the best I've ever experienced, and she adeptly adjusts them on the fly to what my body needs. I feel completely nourished, pampered, relaxed and loved every time I visit.And that's why I've finally bucked up for the 12-month Sunflower membership. Well, I shouldn't say "bucked up," since the price is insanely inexpensive for what you get. In the 12-month membership, you pay just $40 a month to receive a 60-minute massage. If you want additional massages each month, they're greatly discounted. There are other plans at other prices, too, but $40 for the best 60 minutes of your month is a steal. You know how some of you buy Groupons for $30-$50 massages as new clients at different studios each time, but then pay $80+ for mediocre massages after that intro rate? Yeah, stop doing that. Just pay the $40 and get the best at Sunflower each month.Honestly, I finally joined Sunflower's monthly membership because it's a way to force myself to slow the hell down and relax for at least an hour each month -- something I'm just not good at. I'm absolutely not exaggerating when I say that it will be the best $40 I spend in any 30-day stretch. Seriously, Rachel is *that* good.
<review# 2060,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/16/2014,6/23/2014,109,92,,6,4>My wife and I stopped by for some happy hour drinks and food prior to hitting up a movie at The Chase and I have to say we were extremely happy with our experience.1. The atmosphere is beautiful. When you first walk in, you can tell there is much care taken to create a pleasant feeling of comfort and elegance. Not so much that you wouldn't feel comfortable in somewhat casual clothing, but enough to make you feel like you're in a top-notch restaurant. 2. The service and staff were all extremely attentive and friendly. We initially took a seat at the bar, as we always do. We were greeted by the bartender, Marquis (I'm sorry if I've misspelled his name) because he was awesome. We decided to move to a small table in the bar area in order to have a little more space to ourselves, but he remained our server, so we were happy about that. He was very attentive and took excellent care of us. My wife wasn't sure which wine she was in the mood for, so he brought her a small sample of three different ones. This is excellent service, as he overheard that we were talking about our recent trip to Napa, he brought a few wines that he thought she would like and he was spot on. He, too had just been to Napa, so we shared stories and he showed us some pictures, etc. It was great.  We like interacting with staff at places because they are usually connected with the "know" about either their own place or other places and information is King. The support staff were very helpful as well.3. The food was amazing. We ordered the cheese plate, to start out with. It was a board served with a couple of soft cheeses and toasted cranberry bread with a side of what i believe was said to be king fruit, but looked like apricot spread. I'm showing my ignorance, but I didn't ask again as it tasted great, so I didn't care. It didn't really taste like apricot so I left it at that. I had to order the oysters, as they are one of my favorite foods. I went with the West Coast variety, I forget which they were, but in my opinion, I have not had a good oyster from anywhere but the Northwest. I only ordered 6 and they came with something I've never had before and that was a house made salsa verde and pico de gallo. I prefer my oysters plain and maybe sometimes with fresh horseradish, but I tried the salsa verde a few and it was fantastic. Perfect amount of flavor and spice. The oysters themselves were tasty, but they were just meh. I think it's because I spend so much time in the NW that it's really hard to beat having just pulled them out of the ocean and opened them up. I'm a little spoiled there. They did have the nice briney taste that I enjoy.We were originally there for something small like that, but decided to order an entree to share. We ordered the 8oz filet, medium rare with a side of brussel sprouts. Their steaks have an option of either their house sauce or blue cheese topping, but we prefer ours just seasoned with salt and pepper, so that's how they brought it to us. The steak was amazing. It was so tender and seasoned perfectly. It was done a little on the rare side, but I would much prefer it a little undone than over. This is not a complaint, as it worked perfect because I ate the middle part while my wife ate the end parts that were just a little more done. The brussel sprouts were cooked perfectly and had the fantastic pork belly pieces throughout. The meal came with this dutch potato which is basically a potato middle scooped out, and then piped onto the plate in what looks like a crescent roll. It looked appetizing, but it really wasn't for either of us, so we didn't eat it. It tasted ok, but again, we didn't love that. 4. Our wines were fabulous, too. I had a glass of the Cabernet and  Malbec while my wife had two glasses of the Sangiovese. I was very happy with them because they weren't boiling hot at "room temperature". I get so frustrated when reds are served so darn hot and they tell you "oh it's room temperature". I didn't see how they were stored prior to service, but I was very happy with them. All-in-all we had a great time. We were there from about 5:30 to 7:00, which is happy hour, but we ended up with a little higher bill than we initially planned. However, the wines at $5 a glass is such a great value. Normally, places limit your choices to a few of the lesser wines, but not at Scape. I was having what would originally would have been $15 glasses of wine for $5 so my hat off to them  just for that. Oh, they give you a dish of mixed nuts to snack on while having drinks which I always think is the most amazing thing. I was in the bar business for many years and it just makes sense.
<review# 2061,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/17/2014,6/22/2014,50,74,2,7,3>I recently injured my hand and I required some immediate medical attention. I was leaving work after a long day and was in no mood to handle an emergency room. I decided to go to the Urgent Care up the street from my house, and I'm so glad I did! The staff at this location are very, very friendly, efficient, and thorough. I left feeling very well cared for and respected as a patient. The doctor, the PA, and the Medical Assistants all treated me with kindness and concern. I see a Naturopath as my physician, so when I declined pain medication, they respected my wishes. The next time I'm in need of medical services, I won't hesitate to visit Total Access Urgent Care.
<review# 2062,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/9/2014,6/21/2014,123,204,3,4,4>I noticed this shop along Cherokee shortly after it opened and have failed terribly at stopping in to check it out.  Recently saw a Living Social deal for this shop and decided the time was now so I strolled over one afternoon on bike to do some shopping.  I had browsed their online website beforehand to check out the merchandise.  Their area of focus involves crafty t-shirts with various neighborhood shout outs or slogans - some of which are fantastic.  They also carry a handful of other items such as underwear, dog shirts, and random memorabilia that gives mad love to the City of St. Louis.The owners are very nice and friendly as was all the staff.  It is a cozy space on the corner of Cherokee and Compton.  The majority of the merchandise is reasonably priced and showcases local talent and spirit.  I recommend popping in and browsing through their extensive selection of shirt prints.  I guarantee you will find something you like and plenty of items that will make you chuckle.  I also guarantee it will be difficult to walk out of there with only one item.
<review# 2063,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/21/2014,6/20/2014,54,438,2,10,8>Monday morning: I signed the lease for my new apartment in a new city. Soon the inter-state moving company van shows up with all of my worldly possessions and they begin unloading. Everything goes smoothly until we get to my sofa; it won't fit. The turn after entering my front door is too tight. The movers leave the sofa tucked under a stairwell in the apartment landing. I am not happy.Tuesday morning: I start bright and early and go rent a storage unit thinking I'll stick the sofa in there until I move to a new place. I then call Two Men and a Truck since I can't move the sofa myself. There's a minimum of one hour for labor, which is fine. Moving the sofa to storage shouldn't take more than 20 minute if that long.Soon two young men and a moving truck show up. I show them the sofa and tell them what I want to do. They look at the tight turn and ask if they can try getting the sofa in the apartment. I'm hesitant, This feels like stalling to bill for more time but the mover tells me he won't tart my hour until after they try. They get the same results as yesterday's movers and can't get it in. The other young mover suggests we take it in through the patio. Little did he know my apartment is on the side of the hill and while it's the first floor at the door, the back "patio" is really a balcony 20ft up in the air. They look over the balcony, then to each other. They nod and one turns to me, "We can get it right up this balcony, no problem."Sure enough, they wrapped a strap around the sofa and one guy stood on the hill, lifting the sofa over his head while the other guy pulled it up and over the balcony by the strap. In didn't take long but they were inside my apartment with the sofa, re-arranging the furniture to make it fit best.To put it simply, these guys were fantastic. They did a job other movers didn't want to do and got my sofa in my apartment and made me a happy man.
<review# 2064,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/23/2014,6/19/2014,53,115,3,7,8>After I visited sauce on the side for the third time I figured it was my civic duty to inform everyone of how amazing this place is.Just go, NOW! Drop what you're doing and taste the deliciousness in your mouth asap!The calzones, while I've only tried a few, are so delicious. I recommend the "magic carpet ride" for those who are into shrooms! Even if you don't like mushrooms, you might be surprised by this calzone, it's just that good.  The others I've tried were equally good, but maybe not as unique.  I suggest getting the garlic butter sauce on the side with anything you order. It's just like papa johns garlic sauce, but wayyyy better! Beware that if you're like me, you might need to either save room all day for the calzone, or take the second half of it as leftovers...They're pretty big!The people who run Sauce on the Side are always friendly and super cool. I enjoy the music selection they play at the restaurant and I hope other people appreciate it too! If you're going here during lunch there might be a wait for a table, but rest assured that by the time your food comes out, you will have a table! Trust me!
<review# 2065,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/4/2014,6/18/2014,72,94,3,7,5>I've been here with my family a handful of times now. It's the nicest (and priciest) of the restaurants in River City Casino. It's like stepping into an old-time upscale saloon with its rich tones, stained glass, and gorgeous chandeliers.The menu is your typical steak house menu where the items are served ala carte. The pull-apart bread comes out in a little cast iron skillet and is served with a truffle mushroom butter. It's easy to carb out on. I started off my most recent dinner here with a delicious tomato mozzarella salad. The heirloom tomatoes and slices of soft cheese are served on a bed of arugula and topped with balsamic vinaigrette and a sprinkle of sea salt. I then moved on to a filet with whipped potatoes and sautéed mushrooms for my sides. Everything was prepared and seasoned just right. I admit that I was a bad girl by cheating on my diet and ordered dessert as well. In my defense, they now offer carrot cake on their dessert menu (my absolute favorite so I just HAD to see how it compared) and we still had a ton of money left on a comp, which had to be used up somehow, right? Though I'm still feeling guilty about this, it was worth it. The slice of cake was roughly the size of my head. I barely made a dent in it at the restaurant and then spilt the leftovers for breakfast AND lunch the following day. I liked the tropical twist on it... coated in toasted coconut with bits of pineapple baked in.  I usually opt for a different steak house when given the choice. Maybe the fact that it's located in a casino where you have to park forever away? I honestly don't know. But I will say that the food and service are always very good. If you want a nice meal before you win your retirement at the casino, definitely come here and skip the buffet. ;-)
<review# 2066,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/9/2014,6/17/2014,98,514,11,19,9>I've got a little tradition going that has one more iteration before it ends - go to wood turning class on Saturday morning then stop in the Grove and eat somewhere new.  I usually take Corondolet westbound and pull over just past the Grove sign then check Yelp for what's nearby.  This was week 3 of 4.  It's kinda fun...Apparently I'm the only dumbass in town.  I came to Sweetie Pies for lunch on my way home without having the slightest idea that this place has been on TV multiple times or that there was a reality show based here - the wife told me when I called her to let her know that I now have a favorite fried chicken in STL.  Naturally, I got ridiculed but I didn't really care after the meal I had just consumed.I use the term "consumed" rather loosely.  I ordered the half chicken special with 2 sides for about $10.  I ate half of everything and had the rest packed up to feed to kid 2 when I got home.  I probably could have eaten more but didn't want to wind up face-down on the couch all afternoon - we had things to do, dammit!With the number of reviews already posted for this place there isn't much I can add but here are the highlights:Fried chicken was incredibly moist, flavorful and crispy.  My preference is the bottom half of the chicken but I ate the top half because I knew the kid prefers the leg and thigh.  I'm usually less than please with chicken breast in this country because we don't seem to raise chickens for flavor as much as for size.  With this in mind, I didn't have very high expectations...boy was I wrong!  Juicy, plump and just plain delicious - also huge.  That piece, the wing and the square of cornbread filled me up!  I poked at the sides (yams a& green beans) but the majority of them went into containers to go home to the kid as well.  Crying shame as they were delicious and I wished I had room for more.Great service, very friendly and delicious food all adds up to a place I will try again!
<review# 2067,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/22/2014,6/16/2014,317,728,5,24,11>This place opened Saturday. It's open 11 a.m.-7 p.m. every day.I went for lunch today. It's clean and new with cheerful colors.You order in the back, then make your way up to the register while they make your food.I got a vegetable samosa ($1.50) and a gyro salad with lamb ($8.99).The folks in front of me got gyros, and there is a whole array of toppings from which to select. They got feta, cilantro, white onion, lettuce and tomato. Those gyros were quite large.The vegetable samosa was fresh, crispy and hot. The filling was abundant, and the spices were spot-on.The gyro salad was huge with beautiful greens (no iceberg), tomatoes, red onions, croutons, feta and plenty of lamb. He put some white sauce on as a dressing, and I asked for an extra container of Tzatziki. That just made it perfect.I usually don't like croutons on salad, but these were itty-bitty and gave a nice little crunch factor.Sami, the proprietor, was at the register, so I talked to him a little about the store. He is extremely friendly and thanked me for my patience, although there was no delay.The salad is lasting two meals.
<review# 2068,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/21/2014,6/15/2014,58,205,,5,6>I can't think of the last time that I felt the need to set the scene while reviewing a coffee shop (especially one located on the ground floor of a large but comparatively boring office building).This one warrants it.You can smell the coffee aromas faintly while passing by the credit union a few steps away in the ATT Building's publicly accessible lobby, but the mix of hot water and roasted beans is not uncommon in the morning at an office, even without a dedicated shop. The decoration of the place offers little to write about too: there's a large sign with the shop's name on one wall, plain two- and four-tops for guests, and a friendly but unremarkable palate of color on the walls that aren't glass. Because of the orientation, the shop mostly faces into the building with some, but not much, natural light exposure.Imagine walking up to such a place for your morning coffee as a heroic, cinematic score plays though...While not particularly loud, I could clearly hear a member of Hans Zimmer, John Williams and Danny Elfman's musical fraternity plying his or her trade coyly, adding unintentional drama to the whole affair (or maybe someone at Breve thought that this would be a memorable way to get ready for meetings/finish reports/read the paper?). This odd choice continued for at least an hour, completely bucking the normal coffeehouse vibe of acoustic/jazz/"edgy electronic cool". I liked it!The seasonally flavored mocha was good and quickly prepared, as was a breakfast panini. The sandwich seemed small at first, but was portioned well for breakfast and had some herbs subtly grilled into it (if you're picking a breakfast meat, I might suggest the bacon over the sausage). Though not a regular myself, the service was quick and warm. Regulars got the same elevated level of courtesy, they just didn't have to give their names when placing orders.
<review# 2069,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/11/2014,6/14/2014,26,125,5,5,5>I checked out Howl at the Moon through a friend who won a free happy hour.  There seemed to be several others going on at the time.  (Yay marketing!).  It was a surprisingly small space, though I'm not sure how big I was expecting.  The area bar is in the back corner, while the stage is in the front corner.  Seating is available, but it filled quickly.  There is space in front of the stage where people can dance, but no promises on their skills.The bartenders were great!  Very efficient and great at serving a big crowd.  I never had to wait more than a few minutes to have them help me.  They were also really friendly and patient enough to explain things, saying that they were new to the place, too.  We had a few generic cocktails, as well as their Howlin Punch.  It was good, but it also kind of reminded me of how Amoxicillin tasted when I was a kid.  Not sure what liking that taste that says about me.  The happy hour prices were great, but I'm not sure how interested I will be in the future in buying a beer for $6, rather than the $3.50 I paid with my wristband.  (I know; I'm cheap.  That's why I don't go downtown, guys.)  They do have these things that I am interested in trying: buckets of booze.  Literally a bucket filled with booze.  They said that they are $25, and the sign claims that the bucket serves 4+.  That could be either a great or terrible life decision.Pros: service, atmosphereNeutral: musicCons: price
<review# 2070,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/22/2013,11/1/2013,75,288,6,9,6>Great cafeteria style soul food. We drove by and it looked closed at 4pm, but we spotted some staff outside and they let us know it was open. So, don't be deterred if it looks a little dark inside. If you watch the show then you know the lines can be RIDICULOUS, but at 4, we were the only ones in the line. The inside was not super packed, and there were tables available. But, the important thing, the food. For $22, we got 2 half chicken specials w 2 sides each, and cornbread. I literally had 3 meals worth of food - just from my 1 order. 4 pieces of chicken, sweet potatoes and mac n cheese. The chicken was amazing, crispy, and fresh, especially they just made another pan. And, it wasn't greasy, just delicious, not really spicy (in case that's a concern for anyone). The sweet potatoes are exactly like (or better than) the one's your gramma makes. You know how some people's mac n cheese is literally just macaroni and a crap-load of cheese? Not here. There's definitely some red pepper and black pepper, some butter and some other awesome stuff, AND a crap load of cheese. Then the 2 girls at cash register were the hilarious contrast of a really sleepy cashier and the friendliest person you could every meet. The one swiped the card and didn't really say much other than lean on the register. The other girl made conversation with us, thanked us for coming in and was so ridiculously bubbly that you couldn't help but be a little happier.
<review# 2071,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/23/2013,10/31/2013,132,135,10,9,7>Hi, I'm Joselyn and I went to Bridge and lit a menu on fire.Yes, that actually happened. It was not on purpose though. I was just thumbing through the menu without realizing part of it was in the candle flame. Needless to say, I kinda made a scene. Not embarrassing at all. right? Anyway, our server handled it well and was SUPER nice about it, and i guess it makes for a great story :)Now, despite that dramatic intro I must say that Bridge is pretty laid back little venue with a slightly romantic vibe (which I kill with FIRE!) During the winter I love to pony up to the bar for some day drinking. Bridge is cozy and during the winter it calls my name! I would not recommend Bridge for groups of four or more. Its a small set up and it can get a bit loud so stick to parties of 1 or 2. Four at the most.While I've eaten here before (and I find the food pretty good) the star of the show is the beer and wine selection. I love the 4 oz beer pours which allows you to try a fair amount without drinking a lot. Yay for baby beers! Although the servers have always been super nice and efficient, I've gotten better wine recommendations from the bar tenders. Maybe that is just my experience?  So,if you like wine and want to try some new ones go to Bridge and sit at the bar and have the bartenter recoomend one.if you like beer and want to taste some variety, go to Bridge. if you're accident prone and clumsy, go to Bridge and have them remove the candle from your table ;)
<review# 2072,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/7/2013,10/30/2013,142,167,4,10,13>Thanks so much for welcoming International Supper Club for May! We had a great time!!!Sauce on the Side is one of my favorite places in the city. The venue is relaxed, but not the typical pizza joint kind of place with disgusting carpet, red vinyl booths and the standard order window. Nope! Long wooden tables and individual chairs make this place jump up into their own category. The three owners are all chill and always game for a quick chat. The beer selection is top notch, and the creatively inspired calzones just keep me coming back. My personal favorite is the Figgy Piggy, hold the piggy. I also like to sub provel for the mozz, but I know how people here are with provel. The dough is slightly sweet and 100% fluffy and perfectly cooked. The Balsamic onions and ricotta go nicely with the figs, and the provel adds to that. The top is brushed with a honey butter, and that just sends it over the top in my mind. As the name suggests, you dip it in the marinara sauce.The Nutella Calzone with marscapone and bananas is also super amazing. So good, that even though I really, really had not planned on it, I nearly finished off by myself, save for a few bites to others.If you have not been in to Sauce on the Side, get your ass in immediately!Happy 'Zoning (Get it? Calzone? " 'Zoning"?)
<review# 2073,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/13/2013,10/29/2013,185,117,4,7,7>I fallen madly in love with this place!I love Corned Beef Hash...anytime I go for breakfast at a new place I always order the hash...If the restaurant can make hash and has the right hot sauce on the table...I'm coming back!The prices here are a bit steep, but you are paying for quality, quantity and excellent service!  The hash here was enough for three meals!  A side of bacon carried a hefty price tag of over $4.00, but it was seriously good bacon!  And the pancakes...oh my Lord, the pancakes...the best pancakes I've ever tasted in my life!  I rarely ever order pancakes, but I will from now on...but only when I dine at OPH!  Every dish that came out around me looked delicious!P.S. - The coffee was excellent!
<review# 2074,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/30/2013,10/28/2013,172,294,4,8,7>The dim lighting of this restaurant made me think I would pay two arms and a leg for food here. It has a really nice atmosphere and it would make a really nice fancy date.The reason this place is only 4 stars is that my friend ordered a special that turned out to be $28 and that was almost 2x the price that we had expected. In fact, nothing on the menu indicated it would be that expensive! So it was a bit of a shock to us. I wish they had a way to indicate the price discrepancy (we may not have gotten it then). Granted, it WAS our fault for not thinking to ask but I thought it was worth mentioning. With that said, I did really enjoy the food we had.The free appetizer plantain chips were very good and the sauce that they came with made them that much better. I highly recommend this!One friend go the lomo saltado ($17) and thought it was very good but not as good as the place he used to go to in mississippi (i'll chalk that one up to nostalgia). I got the  saltado de champignones ($14) and very much so enjoyed my food. I especially loved the spices.We also got some sweet plantains. My other friend got the aforementioned special that night. It was beef ans shrimp based (aka there were 3 shrimp), cooked brilliantly, and wonderful. We were all very impressed with her dish until the pricing.All in all, I had a good experience here.
<review# 2075,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/11/2013,10/27/2013,114,218,4,6,5>I remember coming here for drinks when I first started dating my boyfriend. Therefore, I always associate Boogaloo with the warm and fuzzy feeling of new love! Fast forward two years and now we practically live down the street from the joint. We came here for dinner not that long ago on a night where we couldn't decide what we were craving to eat...it was an awesome choice. While I may not fawn over my BF as often or get nervous when I see him, he's still a great guy and Boogaloo is still an awesome place. Some of my favorites include their veggie burger and cornbread (not necessarily together). I love their gigantic pieces of cornbread...so yummy! I've had several of their appetizers and you could make a meal out of a couple of those (tapas style). Service is always on point, good bartenders and great alcohol selection. It's now on the list of go to places when were stuck on what to eat for dinner.
<review# 2076,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/31/2013,10/26/2013,224,200,10,10,9>Whenever I flush out bits of food from my wisdom tooth socket, I can't decide if I feel like a geologist studying layers of rock ("Broccoli from the lunch era....Nutrigrain bar from breakfast....piece of rice from...the Proterazoic period.") or like that dude in the State Farm commercial that pulls out an old cellphone, french horn, and Andre Dawson from the hedges at Wrigley (piece of salmon groggily flops into sink: "What year is it?!"). Despite the disgusting and tedious nature of this thrice daily task, I'm so glad to be healing the way I have, and it's all thanks to the staff at the practice of Drs. Travis and Nolen.After a miserable experience at my general dentist with an impacted wisdom tooth extraction, where I strongly felt that he did not adhere to the standard of care in relation to post-operative treatment, I desperately sought help elsewhere. My boyfriend's mother recommended this office to me, as they were the ones that extracted her wisdom teeth. "They were so kind to me," she gushed.She was spot-on. As I lay on the couch sobbing in the fetal position at 11 o'clock at night, my boyfriend called their office, expecting to just get a voicemail message so he could jot down their hours. Instead it automatically connected to the exchange, where the woman on the other line was very helpful in taking down my information with the intention of getting me an appointment as soon as possible.I didn't want to wait, though, so as soon as I thought they might be open the next morning, I called their Clayton location and laid my sob story on them. That I'm drugging myself to pieces, puking it all up, in excruciating pain, and my general dentist refused to put eugenol packing in. The receptionist was extremely compassionate and empathetic, and asked how long it would take me to get there. "Ten minutes?" "Why don't you come in right now?"Ooh, Nelly! I raced over there (well, my poor boyfriend dragged my Percocet-ridden groggy self as fast as I could move), and the woman I talked to shot me a sweetly pitying look as she handed me my paperwork. I didn't have to wait long at all; before I knew it I was being seen by Dr. Travis and getting packing delicately poked into my wisdom tooth socket. I've never been so happy to see a horribly-tasting, brown, moist, wormlike strip of fabric dangling in my mouth.The pain that I had been suffering from for 6 days was gone within minutes. My juice-pudding-yogurt diet that I would taste both going in and coming back out every day for almost a week was no more. I went home and immediately ate some walnuts. It was the crunchiest thing I could find and I was exhilarated.Everyone here was so nice. Dr. Travis was so sweet, in that kind, grandpa-like way. Like, immediately after my appointment I wanted to go to Crown Candy with him and maybe the zoo and get some balloons and look at the penguins.He's been doing this for longer than I've been alive, though, so I definitely trusted his knowledge, too. I ended up going back I think 5 or 6 times to get the packing changed out. They never made me feel like a burden coming in so often for an un-billable appointment, and they were totally flexible with my appointment times. Basically any time I could stop in, they would see me. They seemed to really take an interest in how I was feeling. Whether they actually were interested or not, I'm totally okay with faking it! Regardless, I felt valued here as a patient.I so wish they did general dentistry, because I'd make the switch in a heartbeat. But for anyone that has more advanced needs, definitely check this place out.Thanks, Dr. Travis and gang! Every time I happily squirt a chunk of leftovers out of my socket and into the sink, I will fondly think of you.
<review# 2077,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/22/2013,10/25/2013,154,611,7,9,7>Five stars for the view alone! Food was also amazing.It really is fabulous.. I went here to celebrate a friend's birthday and show someone from out of town the view, and it really paid off! We valeted our car, which is only $5 if you are going to 360 rather than staying at the hotel. Easy for the downtown location. No problem getting right on an elevator either. The bouncer was nice, actually, and helped my friend who was from a different country. Our friends had gotten a table earlier, which is good because it does get busy on a Saturday night. We had a direct view o the Arch. It was magnificent!!The white pomegranate sangria was fabulous! I also got to try the margarita pizza (YUM), the truffled popcorn (meh.. the flavor was good but tasted a bit stale), the house fries (OMG SO DAMN GOOD with this aoili sauce... wow, might be the best fries in STL..) and the kit kat (as good as every says... delicious!)Our service was really good! Food came out quickly, waitress was quick to get our orders and split checks with ease. The only weird thing was that someone near us got a birthday dessert with a sparkler on it, and we asked for that for our friend, who was joining us and celebrating her bday, and were told that they don't give those out often and conserve the sparklers.. um ok. She said she'd see what she could do, but we never got anything to help celebrate her birthday. It was a bit weird.The people watching here was so great... so many women who are too old to wear tiny dresses wearing them.. cougars perhaps? Lots of douchebag type people, but some normal ones too. A must see in downtown... when it started snowing when we were there, we went outside and it was lovely! I'll be back!
<review# 2078,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/1/2013,10/24/2013,57,84,5,10,4>We ordered our wedding cake from The Cakery. It was so good that I have seriously thought about taking a piece off of our topper that is in our freezer before our one year anniversary. Damn you wedding cake, mocking me every time I open the freezer!!We had such a pleasant cake tasting with the staff and picked out the perfect cake for us. Moist lemon cake with creamy strawberry buttercream filling and vanilla buttercream outside.  A-flippin-mazing!!!  It was light, refreshing and perfect for a spring wedding. We were very simple with our wedding so they listened to that and decorated the cake with eggplant Callia Lilies to match our flowers and color. The decoration was not overdone and very minimal, just how we wanted. I thought the pricing was very reasonable as well.Who made up the rule that you should eat your wedding cake on your one year anniversary anyways???? Pish posh! I'm starting a four month rule cuz I can't wait to eat that cake again!!!
<review# 2079,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/20/2013,10/23/2013,50,74,1,11,4>Have I seriously never written a review of Charcoal House?!? For as long as I can remember, Charcoal House has been a staple in my family's restaurant repertoire.  Before my dad moved his practice to Des Peres, he worked in the Rock Hill/ Brentwood area, and because of his close proximity to Charcoal House, we ate there a lot.  In fact, the owners of this place have been patients of his forever.  Every time we walk in to Charcoal House, we are greeted with a warm smile, a hug, and a basket of those AMAZING toast pieces.  At first glance, Charcoal House seems to be a tribute to a time when my parents were young.  The mirrored walls, the dark wood trim, the old, comfy chairs... everything about Charcoal House screams retro- in a good way.  The owners have somehow mastered the art of retro decor that doesn't make the place feel dingy or in need of updates.  I hope it never changes.  The food at Charcoal House is always just as good as the old-school decor.  Whether you're in the mood for a great steak, perfectly cooked chicken, or a light piece of fish, Charcoal House has you covered.  I've had just about everything on the menu, and I have never once been disappointed.  The steaks are always juicy and flavorful, and as I have recently eliminated meat from my diet, I can say that their fish is equally as good as their steak.  I've had the Halibut the last few times, and each time, it's been either grilled or broiled to perfection.  Add a side of their fabulous Creamed Spinach and you've got one great meal.  For me, Charcoal House is an institution that I hope never loses its ability to serve up a great meal.  The decor, the food, the service... everything is top notch.  I've made so many wonderful memories in this restaurant, and I can't wait to make many, many more.
<review# 2080,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/23/2012,3/25/2013,114,218,4,6,6>I had heard about Treats Unleashed through a coworker who had bought my pooch an adorable treat a few months back. When my dog's 1st birthday was nearing, I decided to call the store and order her a dog cake. They were so cheerful and friendly on the phone as I put in my order. The day of the party I stopped in to the store for the first time to pick up the cake. What an awesome selection of dog treats, toys and other goodies?! If I wasn't in a rush to get the dog party started, I would have spent forever looking around and picking stuff out for my spoiled pup. When checking out, I signed up for their membership/frequent buyer program and they gave me 25% of my purchase! They even have those scan-able keychain cards which I thought was pretty cool for a small shop! Will definitely be back when I find the need to treat Gemma to something cute and most likely delicious!
<review# 2081,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/28/2013,3/24/2013,36,74,4,8,6>We finally did it! My hubby and I got a babysitter and left the child at home. Date Night! With only a few texts and Instagram photos from our babysitter we settled into Home Wine Kitchen for our first adult evening out since .... a ridiculously sad amount of time. I had been wanting to come here for awhile and Home Wine Kitchen did not disappoint. The waiter did not even bat an eye when I told him I was Celiac. With our drink orders taken he disappeared, quickly returning with all suggestions from the chef of what I could eat as-is and with modifications. Yay! Hubby decided on a few appetizers to make up his meal (artichokes, razor clams and foie gras) and I started with the house salad and the pork dish. We were very happy with all of it. We found the atmosphere cozy and unpretentious. The waitstaff was helpful, well informed and an ace at suggesting wine pairings. An all around great experience. I am, indeed, a fan!
<review# 2082,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/14/2013,3/23/2013,384,258,3,8,6>We headed to Joyia today (Monday) for lunch.  We chose this place since we had a Groupon and wanted to try something new.  They are located in the former Mia Rosa building across from Renard Paper Co. in the Grove....on Manchester and Taylor.We were seated right away and our waitress was Emily.  The place is really, really cute and we love the fireplace which helped to make the place cozy.  There is plenty of seating and even 3 private booths that have curtains. :)  We started off with the Spicy Red Lentil soup which really hit the spot....and for six bucks it's quite the deal and with a small salad would be a great meal in itself!  Next we ordered the Tuna Steak kabobs which came with a little bit of Greek salad and some rice.  This was perfectly cooked and the sauce was awesome!  I got a Greek Mediterranean salad which I loved.  I really loved that they added pepperoncinis.....nice touch and I'm going to start doing that at home. I also ordered the Chicken Burger.  I have never had one before and this was soooo good!!!  I will be ordering this again!  I loved the sauce which was a roasted garlic aioli sauce.  This was perfect for someone looking for a different option other than a burger.  The bread was also very, very good.  We ended up getting the Raspberry Tiramisu for dessert and really didn't like it as much and we wanted to since it was beautiful.   It may be just us, but it was a little too much raspberry for our liking or maybe the raspberry didn't mix well w/ the other flavors.  Very nice presentation though and comes with strawberries and blueberries (which I loved but maybe should come w/ raspberries....??)  The owner stopped by to check on us and was very nice. :)  Our waitress, Emily did a great job as well. :)They also do not split up checks so maybe that should be noted before you stop in.There is only street parking so that is the only downfall we noticed, but they can't really help that.
<review# 2083,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/27/2013,3/22/2013,224,225,3,7,5>My friend discovered this newly opened grill and buffet close to where she lives. Since I like to try new and interesting things, I decided, "what the heck". I did come by in a notion of caution because I have been burned previously by buffets, especially buffets like Golden Corrall, where most of the clientele are quite questionable. I was quite surprised to find out that this restaurant quite exceeded my expectations. The host was rather quick in getting the both of us seated and got our drink orders in. This buffet is a tad small, but quality over quantity. This buffet had some nice additions, including healthy options, such as sushi, low fat seafood, and other things.My friend was quite surprised as this was my first outing at a Hibachi grill. There is a buffet exhibit with a lot of different vegetables and protein choices. You hand choose your own food options and the man behind the grill fries it all up with delicious soy sauce. The dessert options were not bad either.The only disadvantage I could think of is that its a buffet and many people pick and choose, leaving all their nasty germs behind. But, the food seems to be served hot and fresh, so its really not that big of a deal. The prices are very affordable and they also offer military discounts. This will definitely be a place worth repeating!
<review# 2084,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/19/2013,3/21/2013,35,209,3,7,7>not a whole lot to say about the place, its a great spot for the LGBT community to hang out, relax & talk. in addition to being a great place for the newer members of the community just coming out and coming to terms with their sexuality and identities to get answers and help to their questions and trials and tribulations.They offer HIV testing which is highly important in this day and age in the commuity. the community center is the city's first real center, and its hopefully has helped make a difference.
<review# 2085,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/11/2013,3/20/2013,144,692,2,13,9>"Yes, you can!" I've said that at least five times to friends who've voiced the mistaken assumption that they can't afford to eat at Cleveland-Heath. For less than fifteen dollars, you can order A.) a thick cheese burger with an ample side of fries and a Lucky Cola, or B.) homemade chips and fresh salsa, crispy wings, and a Wang Gang root beer, or C.) street tacos and a Schlafly pale ale, or D.) a bowl of Manhattan clam chowder, a cheddar biscuit and butter, and a glass of prosecco. You might be so excited by the reasonably priced, high-quality offerings that you add on another salad or appetizer like the baby beets or the brussel sprouts. Yes, brussel sprouts, the vegetable that, when steamed, was the catalyst for wailing and bitter lamentation at many a childhood family dinner is transformed into a work of art here at C-H. In fact, I've been trying to duplicate the dish under the broiler at home, with olive oil and capers and parmigiano-reggiano. My brussel sprouts are pretty good, but don't measure up to those at C-H. My point is that there are ways to make dining at C-H affordable, while still experiencing creative and delicious food. Next visit, I need to leave room for dessert.
<review# 2086,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/10/2013,3/19/2013,45,301,4,6,5>The HI Pointe gets five stars because it's such a fun and unique cinema experience.  They're committed to what they do, and they do it well.I really enjoy seeing movies here.  It's unlike any theater I've visited.  It is like stepping into a time warp, back to the 1950s.  The upstairs bathrooms are a must-visit, if only for the free candy.  Did I just admit on the internet that I eat free candy I find in semi-public bathrooms?  Yes, I did.Oh, and parking across the street at the bank is free after hours, just don't block the drive-thru ATMs.
<review# 2087,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/24/2013,3/18/2013,69,433,4,8,7>I have been having Candicci's (and their sister restaurants) salads my entire life and finally realized it was time to go to the actual establishment and try their menu out.Yum!We went to Candicci's for our Valentine's dinner and we made a reservation through Open Table.  Upon arriving we had heard another couple in front of us having issues with making a reservation so I was getting worried but luckily they had ours and we were seated right away.It was quite busy and it took some time for our waiter to take our drink orders.  We did get them in record time and got some bread and the oil dipping sauce to satisfy our hunger until our meals arrived.We both ordered one of their famous salads, of course, then I ordered the Chicken Jonathan as my entree and my husband ordered the shrimp pasta as his entree.  My portion was huge and very tasty.  My husband ate his entire pasta portion plus part of my dinner as I got stuffed pretty fast.  The waiter was impressed that he finished the pasta.We skipped out on dessert but plan to go back next time and try to make it to that part of the dinner.The live music from the man playing was the perfect setting for a Valentine's dinner.The location is superb, right in the heart of West County.Thank you Candicci's for making my valentine's special!
<review# 2088,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/17/2013,3/17/2013,102,98,3,7,5>"When the moon hits your eye like a big pizza pie'' you're at Dewey's!So bf and I happened to be in Kirkwood and we were hungry. We debated over a few places and finally landed on Dewey's. We parked in a lot a little down the cross street. I'm not sure if that was the best place but for some reason Kirkwood was uber busy on a Saturday around 1:15p ish.Note: Dewey's does not do Provel.We ordered a Greek salad as an appetizer. It was very tasty. It came with a roasted red pepper vinaigrette. Oh my yum. I don't even use dressing half the time but this stuff is worth whatever the calories may be. The rest of the salad was good too: Field greens with Kalamata olives, sun-dried tomatoes, roasted whole garlic cloves, red onions, Cucumbers and Feta.For our lunch we ordered a 13 inch pizza, 1/2 Green Lantern and 1/2 Edgar Allen Poe. Both were super tasty. The Green Lantern had: Red sauce, light mozzarella cheese, minced garlic, mushrooms, goat cheese, artichokes, and pesto. The Edgar Allen Poe had: Olive oil, mozzarella-fontina blend, mushrooms, roasted garlic, Kalamata olives goat cheese, and fresh tomatoes & Parsley after it's baked. Both were freaking awesome. The pesto on The Green Lantern really enhanced the flavor. The highlight of The Poe was the whole roasted garlic cloves and goat cheese. Also, Dewey's "white" sauce is awesome--not thick and weird or too oily and runny. So yummy.The waitstaff was super fast and efficient. Our drinks were never empty unless we wanted them to be. Our order was taken quickly. A box came when requested. Even our check was taken care of super fast. Although, I'm not sure who received the tip because so many different people visited our table.The atmosphere had a modern feel and was bright and open. There is exposed brick and high ceilings. It wasn't too loud. You could hear the music and the person(s) at your table. Which is nice with high ceilings and an open space.I would fo sho go back but I would also like to try the U City location.
<review# 2089,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/20/2013,3/16/2013,109,92,5,5,4>I have to say, I've only been here one time and of course it was on Valentine's Day. Not really my sole purpose for going, but it didn't hurt.I really liked the feel for the place. First, I like that it's a local place and I could actually get some help. I spoke with Tony; he was very helpful. I recently finished a renovation on my house and needed some advice for adding some nice color and scents to the place. I don't particularly have a green thumb, but I do have a fair understanding of plants, etc. Of course, they were as busy as a place could be since it was Valentine's Day. However, Tony was very helpful and took the time to discuss my issues and helped me pick out a nice plant/flower for the fiancee since I couldn't go and come home without anything special.I will be back to finish my consultation of sorts.
