<review# 1,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/26/2012,5/9/2012,103,203,3,5,3>Scialo's County Bakery is your classic italian bakery.Located around the corner from my parent's house, this bakery  has been a family favorite for over 25 years.  I am not really sure how long they've been around...I can only speak to the last 1/4 century.I can tell you that not much has changed in this place during that time...even the ladies behind the counter are the same.  The assistance is polite, but all business.  They are usually busy and they really don't want to wait while you decide between an eccles cake or an eclair.  There are some tough choices in that brightly lit case.  Your best bet is to get a big box of them and try more than just one.You can get loaves of bread and rolls out of the bin behind the counter.  They will slice loaves to order for you if you would like the slices for sandwiches or ready for toasting.My favorite picks:Tuscany loaf - oval shaped bread with a slightly chewy yet crunchy crust with an unbelievably moist and tender bread inside. (Think sour dough without the sour)The bakery pizza WITH cheese - the sauce is tasty and the cheese adds just the right amount of flavor to balance the thick-ish crust.  It is a must for any trip to the beach in the summer - we go for the whole box (ordered ahead of time).White on white cake - white birthday cake, white buttercream frosting.Hermits - soft molasses squares (cut from the bar cookie form) that are loaded with raisins that are perfect with a cup of tea - or my morning coffee...or out of the bag as I pull out of the parking lot.It is located in a neighborhood strip mall that could use a few updates.  But - the bakery is spotless.  Only downside is they close early on Sundays.  I have to plan my cravings accordingly..Definitely worth the short five minute detour off of Route 6 to get some classic bakery love.
<review# 2,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/26/2011,5/8/2012,77,163,2,3,2>I love this place!! I've tried their breakfast sandwich, coffee, ice cream and paninis and have NEVER been disappointed. So delish and inexpensive as well. There's lots of seating and free wifi too. :) Only crappy thing is the parking. Oh and they also have a window you can order from if you happen to be walking your pup and want a quick bite. Love that!
<review# 3,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/19/2011,5/7/2012,105,224,,5,2>I admit it: when I first heard the concept ("a standing room only tapas bar") I was a hater. Who's gonna eat tapas at a place with 5 seats? And why would you stand around at a BYOB bar? Why do I have to go inside before I see the menu?Tapas are my favorite genre of food, so I had to give it a shot. Here's how it works: menu items are on the slate board on the wall. It's all in Spanish, which I do not speak. But I do speak food, and I could sorta figure out what was what. If not, just ask and the gracious staff are happy to explain everything to do. Bocadillos = sandwiches, tortilla = like a fritatta of egg & potato, pintxos are your a delicious bite of something on top of a piece of bread. Then there are a few selections of meats, cheese, olives, and empanadilla of the day. They also do espresso, which I haven't tried but need to.The food is simple but delicious. The family-run atmosphere is very warm and welcoming. When my boyfriend wanted to play the vintage pinball machine, the owner-Dad said "You'll have to challenge me because I have the high score!" So cute. They are open for lunch M-F and dinner Wed-Sat. I have yet to go for dinner because every time I've tried, they are PACKED.
<review# 4,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/10/2012,5/6/2012,54,86,,3,4>I am somewhat reluctant to share this Warwick gem with the entire Yelp! RI community, but on the other hand I would be doing everyone a disservice not to!I have been going here since I was a kid (back when Dave's famous grilled cheese & fries was $1.50) and I never get sick of it. Dave's has come a looong way since then, yet remains very much intact with its original concept. The main difference these days is a massive (30+) selection of draft craft beer. I will not make any comparisons to any VERY nearby beer spots... but let's just say Dave's puts them to shame like it's nobody's business! The pour and the pricing is unbelievably reasonable!Although I am partial to Dave's Famous Grilled Cheese (memories), I must mention their massive menu of American Pub fare and AWESOME pizza. Overall, the scene here is casual. It's a great "after work" spot, and it's open late!
<review# 5,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/21/2012,5/5/2012,30,63,,5,2>It's school vacation week, which meant my parents made a mid-week trip down to see the grandbaby and spent an afternoon at the zoo. You can only enjoy zoo food so many times in a week, so my mum mentioned going here instead. It was a great choice.I love diners as much as the next person, but generally, it's not exactly top notch stuff. The Liberty Elm is a wonderful exception to the rule. I had the portobello swiss melt and, hands down, it's the best I've ever had. My stepfather confirmed this, as he had it too. My mother's grilled tofu was immediately usurped by my daughter, snapped out of her temporary picky funk. Her grilled cheese came home with us and she cheerfully snacked on it all evening.  I dragged my husband back today and the food was just as good. My husband's only qualm was that he could only get bacon as a side order, but you can't win them all. It's not a huge place, but if you've been to a real diner, you already know that. The inside is eclectic and either maintains or has painstakingly restored the interior to mid-century glory. The added on room is a sea of colourful formica tables and chairs. They do have a modern high chair, an old fashioned aluminum one, and I spotted a booster seat in the mix. There's a basket of self-serve kid entertainment (books, crayons, paper), which is a huge plus in my book. The staff is very friendly and made me feel like a regular both times. The diner is woman-owned, which is a definite bonus for me and a lot of the food seems to be sourced locally. The prices are quite good, especially since I've found that a lot of places use local food tend to charge extra for it. The only real downside is that the parking lot is a bit small. I'm certainly hoping to become a regular here.
<review# 6,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/11/2011,5/4/2012,165,268,2,1,3>Surprisingly, the cheapest item on the menu was the best.Found the truck on a rainy Saturday afternoon in Pawtucket - menu was displayed on a white board attached to the right of the ordering area.  Prices - not cheap - gourmet sausage for $7, with hot dogs in the $3 range.Ordered "currywurst" sausage - handmade sausage topped with a sweet curry topping.  Delicate flavors, and overall OK.  However, when eating tubular meat out of a bun, I'm looking for an explosion in the mouth.This explosion is offered by the standard Hot Dog.  Amen.  Delightfully salty with an excellent mouth/toothfeel, addition of assorted pickle relishes and condiments (don't forget to top your dog before you leave!) made the hot dog Best in Show - despite being the low-brow option.Also offers an assortment of sandwiches ($7-8).  I'd like to hit the Cuban the next time around.
<review# 7,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/16/2011,5/3/2012,37,111,,4,2>Took me about ten years to finally come to this place and I regret not having come sooner. The movie screen quality was quite sharp and sized just about right for the "theater" size. Also the sound system was decent. Not sure why I wasn't drawn here more since they serve beer while watching a movie. One of life's simple combinatorial pleasures. I didn't get any food but I'm guessing it's pretty good since they have a take out menu from a cinema. Who has take out from a cinema?? I will definitely come back to watch a movie on comfy chairs with a standard draft beer (aka, bud light, miller, blue moon). Also I would try their food since it's so good people would order it to go...smh.
<review# 8,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/11/2012,5/2/2012,27,99,,5,3>I think this may be my go-to wine store. It has a great selection of wine, without being overwhelming by vast rows of what could or could not be complete crap. On top of this they have a couple of really awesome staff members that have no problem chatting you up about wine options to help you find what your looking for.They definitely have enough to cover all price points, and in addition also have  a fairly decent selection of hard alcohol. Their website also has a wine of the month, which will tell u a little about the wine and give you 10% off if  you go in and try the bottle, and tell them you read about it on the website.
<review# 9,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/20/2012,5/1/2012,66,88,2,4,2>I've been coming here for years. Haruki East never fails to satisfy my sushi cravings.I always start with an order of EDAMAME. For only $4.00 you get more boiled & lightly salted soybeans than you can imagine! Mmmm. Always hot and always delicious. Next up, always an order of SHUMAI  - Steamed shrimp dumplings.  Warm and delicious, be sure to dunk your shumai in the dipping sauce provided. I love their SPICY SCALLOP sushi roll. Heaven in your mouth. My #1 favorite roll is not on the menu; the never-disappointing TSC sushi roll - filled with crab meat, sprinkled with cooked scallops and drizzled in a delicious sauce, this sushi roll is hot! Served warm. Pair with a glass of Riesling and your meal is complete!Always excellent service. Be sure to make a reservation on the weekend!
<review# 10,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/20/2011,4/30/2012,16,80,2,2,3>Since my last post I've grown to become a huge fan of Big Tony. My house orders from them atleast once or twice a week/every two weeks.I totally dig the Itchy Fingers Zambino gangster wrap (chicken cutlet, honey mustard, lettuce, and tomato) and their cheese pizza is pretty damn good too. Definitely something you can't refuse. Love the gooeyness of the cheese and hearty crust and the different variety of topings/styles of the pizzas. I also dig the pizza grease -- not too greasy but just enough to give it flavor. You gotta have grease with pizza otherwise it ain't happening. I'm not really a fan for thin pizza but Big Tony is an exception. The onion rings ain't bad either, neither are the seasoned steak fries with cheese and bacon. Sound good to you? Then I suggest you dial the digits with the four bullets at the end. Capiche?
<review# 11,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/22/2013,1/24/2014,115,164,1,7,5>Wahoo! Dash just opened up a second location in the recently reopened Arcade! Stopped in today to scope it out and pick up a new tube. It's everything you should expect from a small downtown spot - all of the basics to buy like helmets, locks, tires, tubes, panniers, patch kits, and handlebar tape. With juuuuust enough room behind the counter for a bike repair stand for a tuneup or fixing a flat. And storage in the basement for bikes to rent.  Gleeful that tourists can now jump off the bus or train and have a bike rental option right downtown. For bigger inventory and bike purchases, be sure to head to the Broadway location. Such a valuable addition to downtown. Thanks, Dash!
<review# 12,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/31/2013,1/23/2014,37,154,4,8,5>I've gotten my hair cut here twice and I think it's pretty safe to say I don't need to try another salon in Providence - Coiffurium is awesome! I was happy with both stylists that cut my hair but I was most impressed with my last stylist Patti. She cut my hair exactly like I asked and did a great job with the side bangs! She's also one of the most efficient blow dryers I've seen, which is much appreciated because that's my least favorite part of any hair cut. The salon itself is very cute and I'm always offered a beverage while I wait. I also love their selection of hair products and brushes. People remark on the price being too much, but I think it's just right for what they offer. If you're in need of a haircut, I would definitely check out Coiffurium!
<review# 13,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/15/2013,1/22/2014,484,215,5,8,4>What a beautiful little coffee/breakfast shop!I've walked by this establishment numerous times and finally decided I needed to partake. And I have to say, it's really a beautiful, comfortable and tasty eatery.  A brisk day had me wanting a nice hot cappuccino and breakfast sandwich and Metro Cafe did not disappoint. Greeted by a very friendly staff, I chose a bacon, egg and cheese sandwich on a croissant and that hot capp I desired. It didn't disappoint.  Delicious, hot and fresh.  But the decor is what makes me want to return to relax and enjoy.So comfortable! Beautiful antique couches that looked just divine for lounging and enjoying a nice cup of joe and a pastry. An expansive space for a coffee shop, the walls are decorated beautifully, board games are provided around the room and free newspapers abound (Providence Phoenix and The Onion...). I just can't wait to bring my pretty traveling companion so she can write while I read the paper...all while enjoying a hot cup of coffee and a muffin.I highly recommend this place. It's so, so comfortable and relaxing. And for those who enjoy it, they serve beer! Gotta go...really, you just have to go!
<review# 14,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/25/2013,1/21/2014,65,138,3,5,4>I scream, you scream, we all scream for ICE CREAM!!!What a gem of an ice cream shop.  CASH ONLY - keep that in mind.  They carry Bliss Dairy ice cream which is one of my favorite brands of ice cream.  They have the absolute best chocolate peanut butter ice cream - great chocolate flavor with actually chunks of hardened peanut butter (think smooth, not crunchy). Delish.Waffle cones are great and service comes with a smile.  Parking lot is not the best and there isn't much in terms of seating, but ice cream is worth it.  On a hot day definitely stop in for your frozen treat fix, you'll be glad you did.
<review# 15,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/23/2013,1/20/2014,35,88,3,7,5>A few of us came here before going to a movie.  Yes, we were one of those annoying "we have to be quick because we're catching a movie" patrons.  We asked the waitress to recommend dishes that wouldn't take too long.  She was really accommodating and really nice to us about it; she didn't seem annoyed at all by us.  Also, the owner (I think) let us in even thought they were making space for paint night.  Another great thing about this place is it is upstairs from the English Cellar Alehouse.  It's the same owners, so you can order from both menus.    I had the fish and chips, and they were cooked perfect.
<review# 16,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/12/2013,1/19/2014,73,433,3,9,4>Friendly service, delicious appetizers, huge ramen selection, mediocre Shabu Shabu.We started with the Agedashi Tofu appetizer and my husband had a chicken yakitori skewer. The tofu was so good and he said the the skewer was good.We love shabu shabu but we hate driving all the way to Boston for it so we were excited to try something local. The dashi broth was very tasty but the Vegetarian Delight platter was pretty anemic. Also, Ebisu doesn't have any hot pot tables, so they bring over a separate burner that gets placed on the table. It's not too big of a deal, but I prefer the aesthetics of the tables with the built in burner.Overall, we drank all of the broth but weren't thrilled by the veggies. However, the ramen dishes looked amazing from what other patrons were eating so we will definitely be returning for that.I've been to Japan and I'm a pretty seasoned Japanese food eater, but I'd say Ebisu is great for first timers because the waitress was so friendly and proceeded to explain each section of the menu to us. Sometimes these types of restaurants can be intimidating to newbies but not at Ebisu.
<review# 17,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/2/2013,1/18/2014,77,50,,7,2>This review is in regard to Bridget and her awesome baking creations!!  We decided to do cupcakes for our wedding and someone recommended The Duck and Bunny.  We set up an appointment with them and they were very accommodating and let us try a bunch of different types of cupcakes.  If you have never had a D&B cupcake, do yourself a favor and get over there.  They are out of this world!!  I'm not a big sweets person, but I CRAVE these cupcakes.  The staff was very helpful and Bridget, the cupcake master, came out and asked us what other flavors we wanted to try.  She set up a second tasting with us and specially made us the cupcakes we requested.  My 2 favorites were Banana Nutella and Canoli.  My husband loved the peanut butter and mocha flavors.  They helped us pick a nice variety of cupcakes and delivered them to the venue on the morning of our special day.  They were not only delicious, but also beautiful and everybody raved about them!I would 100% recommend working with the lovely people at Duck & Bunny and we plan on stopping there for desert on our 1 year anniversary celebration!
<review# 18,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/9/2013,1/17/2014,203,87,,5,3>I used to go way back in the day, they used to have bands & Dj's on various nights. Before it had moved and been revamped. I recently went 2 times in the last month and I really like the place.  The nights when there is a league is busy & packed, but because the place is so big it doesn't feel over crowded. they seem to do a lot of college & sports events which is cool I guess if you are trying to meet people.  The service is decent, the place it self is cool to look at. I like the food. its definitely better than regular bar food, but don't expect a culinary masterpiece. Its done well ans pretty simple. Not a huge menu but has enough for all different tastes. I will say i did enjoy the fried pickles, for that alone I will return for drinks and to hang out with friends.
<review# 19,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/26/2013,1/16/2014,68,356,2,4,2>Soooo many light fixtures. Went here on Saturday to try and find something for my dining room. Found a lot we liked, but were usually too much money, and the ones we didn't really like were the cheaper ones. Would probably go back though for a second look as they just have so many options.
<review# 20,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/25/2013,1/15/2014,25,99,3,5,4>This past Saturday, we had the pleasure of going to Los Andes, a popular Bolivian restaurant in Providence. My husband has been to Los Andes quite a few times and raved about it, and many of our friends do consider this one of the best restaurants in Providence. I was so excited to try out whatever vegetarian options Los Andes had to offer, although I was unsure exactly how veggie-friendly Los Andes would actually be. Fortunately, I really had nothing to worry about.The restaurant was packed, but we had a reservation and were seated immediately. One thing I noticed was how incredibly hard the waitstaff was working-- they were moving at lightning speed in what seemed like a well-orchestrated dance!I was eager to explore the enormous menu.  In the meantime, our waiter (who happened to be a former student of mine) brought us some fresh bread and olive oil to munch on. The oil was nice and garlicky.I have to comment about the service at Los Andes-- it is impeccable. My husband's friend told the waiter I was vegetarian, and he said they could make me a great plate of food. Since Los Andes didn't have too many vegetarian entrees on the menu but did have lots of vegetarian sides, I was happy to be getting a collection of their delicious-sounding side dishes. A few minutes later, the owner himself came to the table to ensure I would get a nice vegetarian platter, which was very thoughtful. Again, the service was beyond impressive.I did find a few vegetarian apps on the menu, and the one that really stood out was the cheese empanadas. They were fantastic! Brushed in powdered sugar, they tasted like cheese-stuffed doughboys. I could have eaten these for dessert!Soon enough, my dinner arrived. I was presented with a gorgeous plate of cheesy rice, a grilled veggie kabob, potato salad, roasted potatoes,and some regular salad. The cheesy rice is apparently one of their most popular sides and I see why-- it tasted like mac n' cheese, only made of rice! The owner came out to make sure I was satisfied with the selections, and I certainly was. Everything was delicious, but my favs were the potato salad and rice of course.When it was time for dessert, they brought over a tray from which we should make our selections. I knew immediately I wanted to try their signature tres leches cake. Once again, it was perfect-- it tasted like a vanilla tiramisu sans coffee flavor of course. The whipped cream topping was delightful, and the cake itself was moist and fluffy without being soggy.All in all, Los Andes was one of my favorite restaurant experiences to date, which is pretty impressive since it is known primarily as a carnivore's delight. I would return in a heartbeat, not only for the food, but for the excellent service as well.
<review# 21,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/17/2014,8/17/2014,49,36,2,5,3>Stopped in here for only a quick, easy lunch with my girlfriend. This place is in what is easily my favorite down-town area ever. I'm also a little bias because I'm from Bristol. They are in what has housed a few small time business that never seemed to make a go of it. N.M. has seemed to be there the longest so far though. Hopefully that's a sign of their business savvy, and a constantly fresh menu! They share a building with a dry cleaning business. It's great though because the design of the small building is SUPER retro. Very fifties-esque.  Nacho Mamma's adds an eclectic and fresh burst of flavor to a downtown area filled with lunch spots that are good...but monotonous. We found easy on street parking directly in the front and made our way inside. We were greeted by a girl behind the counter who smiled and waited patiently for our order. The music was authentic and added to the atmosphere. I really enjoyed that it had its flair and touch but wasn't made to be corny (i.e. sombreros hanging about, etc.). This place had OPTIONS. So many great options that I feel bad reviewing after only one visit on a simple lunch. I'm sure I'll be back and add to this post later. Not too many to intimidate you though, and that's important.  At the time, my girlfriend was giving vegan a try. So she ordered a veggie burrito and left out the cheese, and sour cream, and kept the guac. she seemed to really like it. She gave me a bite and I have to say that the vegetables were quite perfectly grilled. I am very picky with my cooked veggies as I believe you can turn them into mush all to easily and then disguise it with some toppings behind a pita bread. But this one was done well,  I, on the other hand, gave the shrimp tacos a try. I LOVE that they came in soft shells. Nothing I love more then being able to bite from any given side every time I pick the taco back up. I can honestly say I was pleased, they didn't try to hide behind cilantro, or anything like that. The first bite was REFRESHING! That's what I look for in any kind of seafood taco. It was refreshing, and it packed a mouth full of flavor. NOT a bad deal either with two of them only costing a few bucks a piece.We overheard the owner talk about how they just received a liquor license that is going to allow them to serve outside so there's going to be more seating soon and Bluetooth connection to the speakers that will play some music outside as well.  Bristol is a great little town and having a place like this with fresh, delicious, Mexican food is something I'm personally very excited about . They are going to be a wonderful stop on a summer day when I'm craving some nachos, and a lemonade!
<review# 22,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/25/2014,8/16/2014,136,330,1,8,7>This basement in the middle of Providence's downtown area is far from dingy...the big open space gives almost a warehouse meets gastro pub feel and with private lounges to rent, karaoke rooms, pool tables, shuffle board and a BIG bar you're sure to keep busy...and that's before you even peek at the menu! I suggest starting off with the bees knees cocktail (beer, gin, honey and lemon) it's deliciously refreshing with a kick! We tried a few hot dogs and side dishes like the gravy truffle fries and Mac and cheese and all were good - but nothing beat the Chicago dog, simple and good! I can't wait to head back and try the fish tacos too.Prices are very reasonable and there's quite the variety of small plates, sandwiches, dogs & burgers and entrees.My answer is easy - I'll be back to this speakeasy!
<review# 23,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/16/2014,8/15/2014,226,636,4,5,4>I know people have detailed reviews of Allie's, but here's what you need to know:There are donuts.Then there are the donuts at Allie's Donuts. If you are within an hour to two hours driving distance of here, it's completely, completely worth it to visit. If you live in RI, shame on you for not visiting already.Not to sound clique, but these donuts can change your life. No cash. The potential for long lines. Odd hours. Again, all worth it.
<review# 24,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/24/2014,8/14/2014,18,66,3,3,3>I am a clueless vegetarian diner. I eat meat but sometimes I just enjoy a good meatless meal. All I know is that when I come to Garden Grille, I try things I've never had before and I ALWAYS love what I get. The waitstaff is terrific about explaining dishes and helping you decide what might work for you...there's absolutely no snobbery about newbie vegetarians. I just eavesdropped on the conversation at the next table. Each diner had dietary restrictions AND allergies to certain nuts and seeds. The waiter answered every question and offered different substitutions that he thought they'd enjoy. Not a hint of impatience at what ended up being a pretty complicated order. After the Farmer's Pie (a veggie sort of Shepherd's Pie), I treated myself to the Vegan Coconut Walnut Carrot Cake for dessert. Trust me, you do NOT have to be a vegan to enjoy the moist, tasty sweet layers of deliciousness! Next time I'm off to the Grange, their sister location on the West Side.
<review# 25,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/6/2014,8/13/2014,26,41,6,7,3>Tex Barry's rules.  It's a miraculously greasy little oasis in the culinary desert that is Attleboro.Before stepping inside, you must strip out of your concerns for décor, nutrition, and New Agey foods.  It's chili dogs, fries, and simple burgers.  But damn - those are good.If I were ever on death row, I'd strongly consider it as my last meal.  (And that's coming from a vegetarian.)The guy who runs it, Art, is classy and nice.  He also never forgets a face.  I went to TB's a few years ago with my fiancee, and he said, "Hey, good to see you - your brother used to come in here with you all the time, right?"  That was 8-9 years earlier.Art is also tougher than nails: He'll be cooking in the no-A/C former diner in the middle of the summer.  I mean HE is literally cooking.  Because you and I aren't as cool as Art, I suggest eating at one of the park benches next door (at the park) if it's hotter than about 85.  That also allows you to go back for seconds.
<review# 26,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/29/2014,8/12/2014,29,73,2,6,3>A large group of us went here earlier this month for a birthday and I CANT SAY ENOUGH GOOD THINGS!The food was out of this world, good. Like, I am STILL craving the ahi tuna sandwich I had. It was do savory and HUGE. The size definitely fits with the price. Drinks were great too! I had a dirty martini with pepperocini juice and blue cheese stuffed olives. YUM. A few girls got bloody Mary's and they were SO GOOD. The tab for around 30 of us was around $700. Which equals about to a little over $20 per person. Not bad!!
<review# 27,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/16/2014,8/11/2014,149,382,4,2,2>If you like the food truck, then you will love the taco shop.  Right on the edge of Pawtuxet Village (on the Cranston side), Poco Loco is the yellow beacon of taco-ey goodness.  They have all your favorites from the truck, but also offer specials and are byob. Where the taco truck is more my go-to drunk snack when on the West side, the shop is more my go-to, usually sober, lunch stop when I'm in the area.  I have a couple of friends who live in the village, and I try to stop by when I can.  My favorites waver between the Napalm, the PBJ, BLT, and Green Monstah.  Napalm has a kick with napalm hot sauce, chicken, and jalapenos.  The PBJ is spicy and sweet with beans and bbq sauce.  The BLT is awesome because, well, bacon is awesome.  Green Monstah has delicious guac on it.  Whatever you choose, you won't be disappointed.  The service is always fast and friendly and the meal won't break the bank.  You can have a very fill meal for well under ten bucks, including a drink.  They have a couple of outside tables and several on the inside.  I've never been there when it's super busy but I could see it filling up fast in the evening.  I highly recommend you stop by if you want tacos that, although not super authentic Mexican, are super delcious.
<review# 28,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/2/2014,8/10/2014,78,269,4,4,4>This is property owned and maintained by the Audubon Society of Rhode Island so the trails are well marked and in great shape. Because of this there are a few no-nos.No running. This is actually totally cool and fine with me! As I am enjoying my walk and feeling slightly challenged because I am sort of (read: quite) out of shape at the moment I am not being shamed by pretty athletic things flying by me like gazelles. No puppers. This makes me a little sad, but I 100% understand that as it is a bird sanctuary/reserve, well dogs sometimes go after birds.The refuge offers 3 trails, Orange, Blue, and Yellow all of which connect to the Orange trail and each other. There are some nice boardwalks, bridges and rambling stone wall throughout the area, just make sure you don't land on National Grid's property by mistake. The paths might seem a little narrow to some, but they aren't terribly small, and are clear of things such as branches that could take your head or knees out. An Audubon office (maybe the headquarter?)  is located right next to the trails so when you are finished with the hiking you can go into the building to check out the displays so long as it is not a Sunday.
<review# 29,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/15/2014,8/9/2014,52,134,4,4,2>I followed my stylist Dori to this salon and I can't say enough about how awesome she is. She is the only stylist I have had that will really tell you what styles will or won't look goiod on you based on your type of hair. I previously brought pictures to other stylists and they wouldn't be honest with me and say that my hair was too thick, curly, etc, for those types of styles. Dore really knows what will work and she does an amazing job with color too! The salon itself is nicely decorated too and has ample stations for hair styling as well as nail services.
<review# 30,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/1/2014,8/8/2014,32,50,1,6,4>I just moved about 5 minutes from this place and it would take a lot for me to go anywhere else to eat now, I just love the food that much. I've also taken family and friends here, some who are quite the hipster foodies, and no one has had anything but great things to say about their meals. My favorite dish on the menu is the humble but hearty and wholesome chicken dumpling soup, made with local root veggies and scrumptious chicken dumplings, served with the cutest little homemade buttery biscuit in the center. It's the most flavorful and comforting soup I've ever eaten... the kind of comfort food that transports you to a special warm place but also doesn't leave you feeling sick or stuffed after you eat it. I love this soup so much that I've ordered it takeout a few times when I've been sick... man, there is nothing better!I've had the roasted beet and heirloom carrot salad a few times now and it always hits the spot, as have the roasted chicken and salmon entrees. I have yet to try the burger but I've heard from my guests that it's absolutely amazing. There really is not an item on the menu that isn't a hit.The pizzas are outstanding - crust is about a medium thickness with a nice chewy flaky texture with a hint of sweetness and the toppings explode with flavor in your mouth. Dishes are perfectly portioned, the cocktails are creative and fully flavorsome, and they have a nice selection of craft brews and wines. I'm a huge fan of their emphasis on fresh and local ingredients, supporting local farms, and the pantry next door is chock full of locally made treats for you to take home, including some really delicious clover honey from an apiary just down the street. They also have a great variety of homemade foods that you can pick up and heat up later on for dinner. I knocked it out of the park with their buffalo wings for the superbowl. Love the fresh flowers that are always on the tables, the place is nicely lit and the feel of dining in this refurbished brick mill is really something neat.Expect to get comfy here and stay a while - make reservations and know that seating is limited. So much care and precision goes into every dish in that kitchen, and I wouldn't want to have it any other way. Staff are all so warm and friendly. I really can't say enough about how much I love this place!
<review# 31,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/3/2011,8/13/2011,18,77,,4,1>This restaurant is one of the very best Bristol has to offer. Whether you're in the mood for clam cakes and french fries, or if you are in the mood for some fine seafood, Quito's has it all. It's outside dinning patio is set right on the harbor of Bristol, so the scenery is beautiful. Located right next to Independence Park in the heart of downtown Bristol, you can either walk up to the front, place a takeout order and be on your way or you can go and have a full sit down dinner while overlooking the bay and the best Bristol has to offer. The service staff is always nice and pleasant, the food is delicious, and the location plus scenery make it a very relaxing and enjoyable dining experience. I personally recommend the Lobster Ravioli. It's out of this world! Once the warm weather hits every year, my wife and I frequent this restaurant throughout the spring and summer.
<review# 32,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/29/2010,8/12/2011,19,4,5,6,4>I really wanted to hate Tallulah for inhabiting the home of my old favorite restaurant on Thames, However, after one meal at the 2 week old restaurant, I am SOLD! Pronto? Pronto who? I suddenly remember nothing before Tallulah.This place is awesome. I had the best scallops I've ever had, and everyone at my table raved about their meal. I have absolutely no complaints about the experience from start to finish. Excellent service, creative food, perfect portions, great atmosphere, and a prime location on lower Thames. We were the last people in the place and had the pleasure to talk to the Chef... just when I thought this place couldn't get any better, he informed us that their goal is to source locally, supporting the local farmers as much as possible. I am 100% in support of this, especially in a town that is so rich with restaurants - there are so few eating establishments on the Island that make this a top priority! I am so excited for Tallulah to have arrived, with their fresh look, fresh recipes, and refreshing commitment to supporting the local farmer!A+
<review# 33,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,1/21/2011,8/11/2011,32,94,1,4,3>i am basically obligated out of sentimentality to review good ol sip n dip! i spent the better part of my early twenties drinking their blueberry iced coffees with my best friend jess. and grabbing those nasty but delicious sausage egg and cheese bagel sandwiches after a late night at the bar.  they were so good. and so bad for you.sure, it doesn't have the air of mystique, and sophistication, and contrived artsiness of other "coffeehouses." it is just a down to earth, no frills place for locals to grab a coffee and carb of choice. other things i like about ita) it's  a local chain unlike the dunkb) actually okay coffeec) the pastries are a little eh, from what i remember. but decent donuts and breakfast sandwiches.d) they have an unusual and staggering variety of ice cream flavorse) right off the bike path
<review# 34,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/10/2011,8/10/2011,54,196,2,5,3>Heaven, year round heaven!Legally park your car, either around Butler Ave or on Blackstone Boulevard itself, and get ready for a lovely experience.  Whether you are into a jog, a walk with your four legged friend, pushing a stroller, or a quick catch up chat with a friend, the boulevard is the place for you.  At one end, you face the Lincoln School, with beautiful flowers and a bench to rest or stretch.  Throughout the 1.5 mi track there are various benches, in memory of loves lost, and truly interesting trees and bushes.  You get to jog by houses of grandeur, and also little houses that perfectly depict the artsy stylings of the 50's and 70's.  At the other end of the walk will be a lovely park for little ones, generally accompanied by a lemonade truck or two.  Extremely friendly and pet friendly (pet owners usually clean up after themselves) and there is a bike line on the paved road.
<review# 35,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/12/2011,8/9/2011,69,159,3,5,2>I've been using Wiggimat Laundromat since I moved to Providence two and a half years ago. A frustrating quest to find a laundromat happily ended here - it wasn't crawling with people, it was clean, and affordable. I don't know what was going on behind the scenes with the old management, but it stopped being kept so clean shortly thereafter, and it was a common occurrence to lose a whole 2.25 (it was a flat fee, paid for with a card you transferred money to) on the dryer cycle in a broken machine - no "out of order" sign, no one in sight to reimburse you, no one to let know the machine was broken. I trudged on in this relationship of convenience. Just recently, they've gone under new management. The woman who runs the laundromat now is on site during the week and is very pleasant and helpful. They've changed the machines over to coin-op, making it much more affordable (2.50 for a wash and .25 per 8 minutes of dryer time). She keeps it clean, well-lit, and well-maintained. She has revived the laundry service that had run before I started using Wiggimat. She even picks up and drops off. Reymon's Brother tailoring shop is in the laundromat now too, and he does dry cleaning and tailoring inexpensively. Talk about convenient!
<review# 36,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/25/2011,8/8/2011,10,17,2,5,2>From the outside, it's very unassuming and plain - one would not know of it's existence except for the small sign.  We were unsure of it except for the mostly good reviews we read on yelp and a recent article in Edible Rhody.The smell of feel good food hit our noses as we walked through the door on this cold night, and we were promptly seated by the very polite staff.  Pickled radish, cucumber and kim chi were brought to our table and our drink orders were taken, while we were mulling what to order for food.  There were many offerings for appetizers ranging from steamed/fried dumplings to Korean sausage, and for mains, several dishes that were mixed, fried rice, and soups and stews.  Having our still-sleeping little one with us (4 mos old), we didn't want to take too long, so after a chat with our server (very helpful), we ordered the steamed vegetable dumplings, and one each of a beef and spicy pork Bibimbop.The dumplings - we got 10 for $8, and they were awesome.  There was a savory aspect to them that I couldn't figure out, but I noted that I needed to order this next time as well.  The Bibimbop - a traditional Korean dish of various vegetables, cut neatly and arranged on top of rice, in a hot stone bowl, arrived.  Liz's had beef and mine had spicy pork, each topped with an over medium egg.  What's nice about the hot stone bowl, was that it made the rice crispy on the bottom, and after mixing everything around, everything remained hot.  Both were delicious, and we have found a new establishment to drop in on.As someone else (Corky K) mentioned earlier, this is not your typical cheap Asian hole in the wall, but delicious Korean food at moderate prices.  You get what you pay for, and it's worth it - we will be back!
<review# 37,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/26/2011,8/7/2011,60,80,4,3,4>Brickley's Ice Cream & Cakes has the best ice cream in Rhode Island.  Hands down.  I had the Orange Sherbet.  First, no ice cream place ever has orange sherbet except for Friendly's.  The fact that had it made me so happy.  Second, the Orange Sherbet was A-MAZ-ING.  Yes, i just hyphenated that word and I make fun of people doing that all the time.  That's how good the sherbet was.  Reasonably priced as well.  My Waffle Cone was under $4.  Though I did not get sprinkles.Note, their small waffle cone is NOT a small.  It is in fact a medium to large serving.  I wonder how big the large truly is.  Next time.  And there will be a next time.
<review# 38,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/13/2010,8/6/2011,38,15,,3,3>Dave's: how I love thee.....Do I feel like cooking? NO!! Do I want Pasta, Pizza, Something from the Wok? mmmmm maybe a taco salad.....Oh sorry gotta get back to my review...The pizza bar is great, the Wok station is excellet! If you are in a rush and don't want drive thru this is a great place to get something for everyone! (I would stay away from the salad bar if you are watching your $)
<review# 39,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/29/2011,8/5/2011,21,45,,1,1>This meat machine delivering tasty crave-worthyness in casings is definitely worth tasting. I will be absolutely honest in saying that everything that I've tried here has been the best thing to grace my palate! For me, it all started with a brined slow roasted pork belly sandwich topped with a red pepper relish and glorious sunny side-up egg. It was an unparalleled experience that changed lunch time for me forever. I moved away from the ocean state last year but whenever I find myself in PVD for an afternoon, I'm always checking to see if the lunch truck is scheduled to be out. The truck does amazing sandwiches, excellent sausages, and any new item that pops up on the menu is definitely worth checking out. I've tried everything from hot chocolate and soup to the staple sandwiches and sausages and have never been so happy in my life! From time to time you'll catch the mastermind working the stove and serving up his delicious creations to the people alongside the usual cast of characters that works the truck. They're friendly and usually remember repeat customers (and their usual orders!). Bottom line: Worth it every time, and you won't be sorry when lunch time moves up your favorites list for this delectably crave-worthy truck!
<review# 40,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/13/2011,8/4/2011,16,90,,12,3>My favorite place for drinks in town. I haven't found a place with better drink prices in Providence. They have a phenomenal selection of beer on tap and a full bar. Also, you despite the name you don't have to be a Brown student to be a member.Here is how it works:$5 for a one time membership (i.e. a cover - its not the best deal but if you are going to have a few drinks it all evens out)$30 for a one year membership (best option, if you plan on going several times, and I highly recommend that you do, this is the best option)$0 if you are the guest of someone (normal members can get in 3 free guests and grad student members can bring in unlimited free guests)They do have a $10 minimum for cards so be warned.The atmosphere is a bit divey but the selection is great. During the summer you can always find a table. They have darts, pool, board games, and generally play good music without blasting it.WARNING: During the school year undergrads like to end up there at the end of the night on Friday and Saturday mostly (a little on Thurs but not bad). If you show up at 8 or 9pm there are plenty of tables but by 10 or 11pm there can be a line out the door. I recommend summertime.Also the only person that has given this place a 3 mentions that they were really anal about checking ID. As I understand it, since it is a private club associated with the University they have to check everyone's ID, no exceptions.
<review# 41,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/27/2014,7/17/2014,37,65,1,8,4>I had big expectations for this place after hearing friends recommendations and reading other yelp reviews. I am happy to report that I was still surprised just how good this place is! The cafe is rather small, just a few tables inside as well as two benches in front. Orders are placed at the counter. I've only been for breakfast so far - be warned that by 10am they were sold out of most items! Luckily we were still able to nab two delicious treats: A Black Cherry & German Chocolate scone and a Croissant stuffed with andouille sausage/eggs/cheese/peppers. The boyfriend ordered the scone - a pastry I would not usually choose myself, but wow! The texture was so moist with bursts of tangy cherry and decadent chocolate.. complete with a crunchy dusting of sugar on top. It was perfect. The croissant was so buttery and flaky, I couldn't help but finish every last decadent bite! The filling was so creative - I had never had such a wonderfully savory croissant before. On my second visit I opted for the croque monsieur croissant (ham, swiss, bechamel). SO. Good.I imagine the cafe will be fairly busy most mornings this summer, so go early or call ahead! Since there are only a few tables inside you might want to plan to have your meal to go. Take a walk in any direction from bakery and there are plenty of places to sit down and enjoy the view while you grub. We opted to ride our bikes down to the harbor and watch the boats. Parking is street only, and can be limited. Walking/biking are your best bets.
<review# 42,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/14/2014,7/16/2014,81,361,3,6,3>I've been twice now - once during their soft opening and once last week.  Both nights were quiet with just a few people at the bar.  For the nights that I was there, it suited my group just fine because we could catch up, be chatty, and talk with the bartender.  I do think they need a cocktail list.  It is nice to have something custom made -- but sometimes I don't want to have to think to hard and be able to order off a menu.  That being said, I have not had a bad drink there.  The ones that I've had have suited me for the mood that I was in.  Floral -- gin-based -- tasty.  The artwork (murals) on the wall are beautiful.  Hard to believe that you are in a hotel bar when you stop to think about  it.  It is DARK in there.  Give yourself a second to adjust to the lighting.  Enjoy a booth, a couch or the seats at the bar.  Thank you for the hooks under the bar for my purse...although a small detail, it is a nice touch.
<review# 43,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/2/2014,7/15/2014,37,154,7,9,5>Amazing! I came here for dinner a couple weeks ago and found that Local 121 exceeded my expectations. Starting off the night with complimentary valet is always a plus. It makes the whole experience so much less stressful!I chose a cocktail with St. Germain in it and it was one of the best cocktails I ever had - just a little sweet and totally refreshing. I would tell you the name but unfortunately I forgot it (although it may be as simple as "St. Germain"). My dining companion and I decided to split several small dishes and each one was pretty great. The calamari, foie gras, and pan roasted scallops and squid are all winners. I especially appreciated that the calamari wasn't excessively greasy. And the bruleed grapefruit with the foie gras was a pretty awesome flavor combination.Dessert was sticky toffee pudding and a perfect ending to a perfect meal. I can't wait to come back to Local 121!
<review# 44,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/12/2014,7/14/2014,54,66,3,5,3>Pastiche is one of my absolute favorite spots in Providence, and it is definitely my favorite spot for dessert. Stepping into Pastiche, you feel like you've entered a tiny European patisserie. And the desserts live up to these standards. Back in my gluten-eating days, the fruit tart was my go-to. Oh my goodness, the fruit tart!  I used to ask for a fruit tart for my birthday instead of a cake. These days, I go for the coconut cake, which is a light fluffy, not-too-sweet classic cake or the flour-less chocolate tart, which is super rich and dense. You can take a slice or two to go at Pastiche, but my favorite thing to do is head there after a dinner out or on a whim and sit down to a slice of cake and a cappuccino. How European!  There is table service, and  it is hard to best this experience anywhere else in Providence. If you haven't gone, you absolutely must!
<review# 45,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/11/2014,7/13/2014,231,95,2,6,5>Sometimes, it's just meant to be. My 27th birthday and Boombox went together like sake bombs and Pocky. I decided a few weeks before my birthday that I was going throw myself a birthday and 10 of my closest friends were literally up for anything. When I proposed karaoke and sake, their eyes lit up like it was Christmas morning. I knew that the Boombox was the perfect place for my rowdy group.The prices for a private room were extremely reasonable what was originally supposed to be a 2 hour sing-off transitioned into just over 3 hours. One of the best parts was really the amount of songs you can choose from. Seriously guys, my group went from Salt N Pepa, Frozen, Beyonce and Hall & Oates. Not to mention, every Britney Spears song imaginable. Another awesome thing is that the crowd that is usually at the Boombox is welcoming and always up for a good time. The main area is great to sing along in while you wait for your sake and Pocky. The private rooms has iPads for you to browse the songs by title, artist, category and everything else. Did I mention how awesome the manager is at Boombox? He was so accommodating with our group and even kicked off our party with a duet of "Love on Top" by Beyonce. Would I recommend this to EVERYONE? Duh. Check this place out, I promise it'll be one of the best nights you'll have.
<review# 46,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/27/2014,7/11/2014,6,33,3,6,2>I recently received the gift of a "Frankenbolt" in one of my tires.  I was actually on my way to Roland's to get it looked at when it went flat.  After an hour of rocket science (deducing how to get the spare un-cabled and finding the tire jack), I finally got the spare on and made it there.  All that after minimal bloodshed and only two or three four-letter words.Now I've been going to Roland's for years and have always had great service.  I don't know much about tires but they always do their best to listen to what I need and make their best recommendation.  I never walk out feeling taken advantage of and this time was no exception.I got one decent quality tire at a good price and they ended up fixing the stem on another that was leaking free of charge. The cherry on top was the very next day when I went to re-cable the spare to the undercarriage.  Dreading the session after struggling to take it off the day before, I discovered that they had already quietly done it.Guys, don't change a thing;  you've got my business!
<review# 47,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/22/2014,7/10/2014,26,266,,5,3>They're located in a lumber yard by URI & are only open select Saturdays (for now) but Proclamation Ale Company is definitely going to be putting their stamp on the craft beer scene in RI for years to come.So far they only offer a handful of beers but I've been a big fan of everything I've sampled.  Their Tendril (1& a half IPA) is developing a cult following in RI & is offered in a few restaurants.  My favorite by far is the Zzzlumber Imperial Stout which will be available in bottles this coming fall.Right now they are only selling 32oz growlers on site that are pre-filled.  They do offer a tasting & tour for $5 and they do take credit/debit.  Growlers run $10-12.  Make sure to follow Proclamation Ale Co on their Facebook & Instagram.  They're only open select Saturdays & have sold out in the past.
<review# 48,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/14/2014,7/9/2014,72,146,2,7,3>An instant success! Open a week and a line out the door. Livi's has brought back a Mediterranean sandwich shop to downtown! Fresh Pita, great toppings, and many Pockets to choose from, I know I will be here once a week from now on. I ordered the Falafel/Gyro combo pocket. Both the beef gyro meat and the Falafel were delicious. As of right now the line to order the food is a little chaotic and needs to be worked on. I'm sure another week will solve this. The service was fast, and for a place that just opened, that's impressive! Also there's room to take a seat, eat, enjoy your company or watch the large screen TV.
<review# 49,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/3/2014,7/8/2014,49,108,,5,3>Friendly and affordable!I came here with my family recently and had an enjoyable breakfast. I ordered 'the Frenchie' and I will be back for it. French toast on Portuguese sweet bread with nice scoop of fruit on the top. Portion was not huge, but also only $6 (extra for real maple syrup but i think its worth it).They have New Harvest coffee, homemade cinnamon buns, and a really cute retro high chair for the little ones!  I want to go back soon to try the chicken and waffles.
<review# 50,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/18/2014,7/7/2014,53,149,2,4,2>This adorable locally grown Parisian inspired bakery has won me over. The hustle and bustle of downtown life slows down just a tad when entering Ellie's quaint little bakery. The service are always pleasant, polite and delicately meticulous when retrieving or making your order. They pride themselves on their attention to details and I love that.I love finding a place to unwind where you can enjoy a warm latte and favored sweet item. For me, relaxing with two of their famous french macaroons and their [hot] green tea latte w/vanilla almond milk. Just makes my whole day that much brighter. A combo like that simply cannot be found in any Starbucks or commercial coffee spot. Coming here is a serious novelty and treat for me. My only wish is that the bakery was roomier and could accommodate more than eight people at a time sitting in. This is the type of place I'd rather NOT feel obligated to move or give up my chair due to limited seating.
<review# 51,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/19/2011,11/7/2011,70,481,2,4,2>I've documented many times in my reviews about how inept I am at choosing things and how sales experiences overwhelm me. Picking toppings on a burger takes 20 minutes. Buffets send me into a tizzy. Finding the right pair of running shoes can take me an afternoon.  So when we started shopping around to find the "right" piece of exercise equipment for our home, I knew it would be a difficult process, even more so than the OJ trial.Thank you, thank you, Paul at PFE, for making the process easy! There was never any pressure from Paul to buy and he was cheerful to us for all three visits we made as we tried this piece of equipment and that. He let us work out on them, pointed out the features, sympathized with our aches and pains, gave good performance tips, and was patient and kind as we waffled on what to get. PFE specializes in LifeFitness and Vectra products; some people might find this to be a lack of selection, but I liked that they cared to specialize: it made the final choice easier. Prices were mid--range, with some very expensive selections.We settled on a good elliptical. They came to set up the elliptical in our basement and the delivery and set up were flawless. The guys who set it up were a hoot and it left me with a great overall impression of this company. Now I just need to get up off my ass and go work out. I'll get to it after I eat this box of cider donuts.
<review# 52,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/1/2011,11/6/2011,151,439,3,3,3>Holy balls - - - Bubble Tea House of Providence...you rocked my world.  After only just recently discovering "bubble tea" (little tapioca pearls in cold tea beverage), I was craving a sluuuuuurp this weekend and opted to venture into Providence for such a treat.*Teeny shop in the Federal Hill area (ie: the part of Federal Hill where you can actually find street parking); couches for lounging, tables for coffee-shop chit-chat, but I much prefer to take my bubble bev on the road.  *Take your Bubbles for the road, you say?! - WELL!  B.T.H. VACUUM-SEALS the cup for you for easy, spill-free transportation (....awhaaaaaaaa?!).  -genius-  Just take a massive straw along with you.*The menu can be kind of overwhelming; there are seeeeveral flavors and three "styles": iced/slush, milk, juice (whoa).  You could come here a hundred times and always get something new..  MY selection:the Almond Milk Tea Iced w/ Skim &Tapioca Pearls : Light, sweet, milky treat - and the tapioca balls were the perfect consistency (not too firm, nor dissolved)!  Delicious and a mere 3.25$ (bump it up to a lahhhge for 3.50$...you'll want more than just the small).*Want something other than tapioca to stir up your bev?  Try the INCREDIBLE "Passion Poppers."  My beau got them in a Papaya Juice Tea Iced and thought they were the coolest freakin' thing on the planet (direct quote: "I can't wait to go back and get those juicy balls that pop in your mouth!.....wait....don't quote me on that.").  Another Pearl option: Yogurt.[[the next day]]Update: We have returned to B.T.H. for round two (...there should be a sign warning against the dangers of bubble tea addiction).*Thank me later* Order ALMOND JOY W/ SKIM & TAPIOCA PEARLS - milkshake-like consistency tasting of sweet sweet marzipan with (literal) bubbles of delight.  Note: it assume it was the "slush" version...  ?Weird hours, though: open until 10pm Mon-Sat....but don't open (on Sat) until "around 12"...?!  I NEED MY BUBBLE TEA!
<review# 53,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/14/2011,11/5/2011,51,144,,3,3>I've taken several nice silk blouses here to have them taken in, as well as leather couch cushions that needed to be re-stitched and everything has come back better than I ever imagined. I'm not sure what kind of magic is happening in the back room here, but it works. This is by far the best place to have anything tailored on the East Side. It doesn't hurt that it's a five minute walk from my house, either. They're so sweet and friendly and will do everything and anything in their power to hook you up and help you out (in regards to clothing, of course). I recommend Marysia's to everyone in the neighborhood!
<review# 54,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/4/2011,11/4/2011,11,128,4,5,5>I had a Steak and Cheese grinder from here for lunch the other day.  I got it with Provolone but they did have the cheez wiz option and an American cheese option. (possibly a swiss option if I remember) It was good!  This seems like a solid sub shop to me.  Next time I'm going to try the wings.10-07-11  I went back last night to buy dinner for two.  The wings were cooked thoroughly--no pink, and they were big and tasty too!  My boyfriend had the veggie sub and they grill the mushrooms, onions, and peppers and use romaine lettuce which he was nice for a change.Solid.
<review# 55,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/18/2011,11/3/2011,194,1607,25,26,26>Good food with Klingon lightingThe first thing you notice when you walk into Han Palace is the strange glow. The eerie luminescence that I imagine you would see in an amusement park's haunted house or perhaps on a Klingon battle cruiser. Very dark with a green tint. I enjoyed it but my friend thought it was creepy. Adding to the rather bizarre ambiance are a bunch of those huge electric pictures that grace the walls. Definitely not the usually decor of a Chinese restaurant. The food at Han Palace is pretty typical of an Americanize Chinese place, with lots of the standard things that you would expect. There are only so many ways you can make chicken and broccoli or veggie fried rice but at least all the veggies were crisp and not cooked into oblivion or smothered in goopy sauces. They have a nice lunch special that offers pretty large portions at a surprisingly low price. I didn't see anything really unusual or exceptional on it but the food is good, filling and cheap and the service was friendly, polite and quick. Han Palace has been around for over twenty years and I can see why. Offering good, cheap food with quick and polite service is a pretty successful way of doing business. The Klingon decor is just an added bonus.
<review# 56,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/24/2011,11/1/2011,20,58,,3,2>Best coffee shop around! The staff is completely awesome! They never forget a face and always remember what you order!! They are always very friendly an when the line gets long, they make sure move people along! The bagels are delicious and fresh! They also have great yogurt parfait, muffins and fresh fruit cocktail! They have a great variety of drinks including iced chai and my personal favorite iced green tea with lemons! Definitely a great place to start the day!!!
<review# 57,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/9/2011,10/31/2011,30,63,,1,1>We stopped in here on a whim one afternoon, having a little time to kill. I'm so glad we did. It's lovely inside and just small enough to be intimate without being cramped. There are two rooms; I got the impression that the back room is more for hookah. We sat up front.We ordered a combination platter. It doesn't seem to be listed on the website, but it's mostly what you'd expect for middle eastern fare: hummus, roasted eggplant, grape leaves, and pita strips. What I didn't expect was a roasted pepper dish that was great. The grape leaves were amazing. I am not normally a fan, but these were a wonderful exception.And, of course, we got tea. The prices might look a little daunting, but first, they're on par with coffee shop prices and second, what you get for the price is worth it. The large was enough for my husband and I to refill our glasses twice, as well as share some with our baby daughter.The staff was more than accommodating, explaining items on the menu and service was very quick. We had a great afternoon. It's well worth a visit. Street parking, not usually my favourite, was no problem. It's just far enough from Wickenden Street that it's not hard to find a decent spot.
<review# 58,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/24/2011,10/30/2011,32,28,,4,1>I recently met friends, after a show during Providence Style Week.I had been to The Fez for snacks and drinks upstairs a few times, but I hadn't been in for serious dinner in several years. I was so impressed with the menu, I dragged TEN MORE FRIENDS there, after Style Week the following night!Although, I'm pretty sure the minimal staff was slightly horrified by the size of my party, they were basically nice and accommodating. (Big ups to the dude with the cap--who seemed like maybe the manager?) We had to wait a while for service, and my friends were getting antsy. I was like, SHUT UP and wait til you eat this FOOD.The interior is really hip and cute, with taxidermy animal heads in the upstairs bar, and cute Christmas lights strung around the dining area. The staff is typically-Providence, low-key, art-y, tattooed, pretty chill. A few of us ordered this delish tequila cocktail called Priscilla Queen of the Dessert. And we also got these insane barbecued chicken wings, served with lightly-pickled cucumber spears. SO GOOD. Crab cake BLT is pretty epic, too. I can't remember what else we got, but it was all awesome. Also, the prices are really affordable. Even with apps and cocktails, it was only about $25-30 a person for dinner. Including tip. SWEET.This place would be perfect for date night or hanging out with a few lady friends. Also, the menu changes up seasonally, which is always interesting.
<review# 59,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/20/2011,10/29/2011,315,240,2,5,4>I'm proud to call T.F. Green my home airport.+ Small and clean+ No long waits in line, in and out+ Easy to find loved ones in the lobby when you come in+ Parking is simple and inexpensive+ Easy to drop off and pick up+ Quick drive from anywhere in Rhode Island (like most places)I have yet to use the MBTA into Boston from here, but I imagine it is very convenient for travelers who don't mind commuting in another hour into Boston, especially if flights from Providence happen to be cheaper.I always have a pleasant time flying in and out of here. It is always nice to return home to the Ocean State with this airport welcoming you back.
<review# 60,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/13/2011,10/28/2011,114,236,3,5,3>What a gorgeous setting for PYO berries! From the lovely building with brightly colored, unusual flowers all around to passing through the fields of apple and Christmas trees till you catch tiny glimpses of red in the distant strawberry field. The grounds are just heavenly - farmland laced with those wild, coastal, flowering bushes. And the strawberries! Practically glowing red, firm and almost elastic-feeling... there is no comparison to a fresh, local strawberry. I couldn't stop staring at the pile of them... or "testing" them. The market and cafe are cute with wide open seating. Stocked with fine pantry items and fridges of cheese, meats and prepared foods, it looked good but way steep prices. Saw a sign at the counter for farm-fresh asparagus, but I'm glad I checked after noticing that the rubber band around the stalks read "Canada"; the cashier said the season had been all picked out. We couldn't resist trying the coffee cardamom flavor of homemade ice cream in the freezer, despite the nearly $6 for a wee half-pint. The flavor was OK, but ...ugh, I kind of shudder to even repeat this... there were white chunks of fat left behind in our mouths. "Ahh! Napkins! Stat!" I am a serious ice cream connoisseur and this was a first: both the fat thing and not finishing my ice cream. I hope it was just a fluke batch. I WILL be back here! For the stellar strawberries!
<review# 61,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/3/2013,1/3/2014,95,74,2,5,4>White Electric is right next door to my hair salon, making it my favorite spot to fuel up (or in some cases, attempt to sober up) in preperation for a long day of chemical warfare on my hair. The menu offers a wide variety of choices but I keep it simple with iced coffee and a toasted everything bagel with cream cheese. And I'll vouch for what my fellow Yelpers keep raving about- the iced coffee is out of this world. The staff is also wonderful. They are super kind and gracious, even to a "non-hipster" like me. Be warned, Saturday mornings tend to be busy; combine this with tons of people who like to ask about a million questions prior to indecisively placing their complicated orders and you have a nighmare scenario for anyone in any semblance of a hurry. Only negative is that on more than one occasion, a shared preperation utensil has led to avacado schmutz making it on to my bagel. I don't dig avacado plus I'm a wee bit grossed out by the potential for cross contamination.
<review# 62,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/15/2013,1/2/2014,53,149,3,4,4>I love this library. Mainly because it is a great place to do group work and has tons of quiet study spots to hide away in. This public library is spacious, modern and clean. They have their monthly schedules and weekly activities displayed right at the entrance on their plasma screen TV's. And several public computers for use scattered around the center of the library. Plus wifi for those with personal devices. Yay for us techy peeps!They have long rectangular tables with glass dividers to facilitate group study. And they have a few circular tables surrounding the perimeter of the library for a quiet group study or (if you are like me) a private space to sprawl all your study materials on. This place is so large with numerous rooms for children's activities and even an upstairs I haven't ventured in yet. This place is one of my solid go-to for a place to study or have group work/meetings. I'm not even a resident of Warwick!
<review# 63,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/26/2013,1/1/2014,36,109,,4,5>If you remember drinking at the old Casey's Bar & Grille (which obviously means you didn't drink enough) then you'll be thrilled at the news that it has been replaced by an upscale, new steakhouse. And a very good one at that.Our dinner at the ChopHouse Grille was, simply, excellent from start to finish. We started with my new favorite appetizer -- fried calamari -- which was prepared better than what you'll find at most of the buttoned-up restaurants on "The Hill." And the large cut of tender prime rib that followed was flat-out perfect. And if it is possible to somehow combine s'mores with a pumpkin bread pudding and have it emerge as a stunning culinary masterpiece, then it has been achieved in Wakefield. It's one of the more unique desserts I've enjoyed in some time. Order an extra fork for your date if you must, just don't let it pass by.Casey's somehow lasted for thirty years. Here's hoping the ChopHouse Grille lasts longer.
<review# 64,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/16/2013,12/31/2013,103,203,2,6,4>Getting my avocado bubble tea, of course...Even in the cooler months this un-sweetly bubble is a delight.The pho broth is second to none...no meatballs here...the "works" beef pho has all the beef trimmings (tripe, tendon, rare slices of beef and tender beef round). I've tried other pho dishes elsewhere and they don't compare.Byob, but I always do takeout.  Family owned and operated...
<review# 65,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/7/2013,12/30/2013,55,257,2,7,2>My search for a new dentist started exactly two weeks ago when my mouth was in some severe pain, right in the area where I had two root canals done and didn't get them capped/crowned because I just didn't have the close to $2000 to get the work done.Let's back up for a minute.  I have horrible teeth.  It's a combination of genetics and poor dental work in the past.  I also, unfortunately, didn't keep up with cleanings as much as I should've because let's face it... who really likes going to the dentist.  Every time I sat down in the chair is was bad news.  I was delaying the inevitable. Well, my mouth was screaming.  I hopped on the Delta Dental website in search of a dental office within a close enough radius to work and/or home. I found Access Dental and read some great reviews, so I called and explained my painful situation and they were able to see my that day even though I wasn't a current patient. I was greeted by a friendly receptionist who took me into a comfortable office to ask the general past and present health issues, name, address, dob, etc. etc.  I really love that they do this instead of shoving a handful of paperwork in your face and telling you to have a seat, fill it out and we'll call you in when we're ready.  When all of that was done, I was taken back into the chair where x-rays were taken and Dr. T came in to speak with me regarding the issues which were causing my pain.  She is just wonderful; I have to say, by far, my most favorite doctor ever.  She's patient and willing to answer any questions you have and will thoroughly explain every little detail so that you understand what is going on. After two weeks of an intense antibiotic treatment to rid of the massive infection I had going on, I went in today for my procedure: two extractions and a partial.  I had my teeth cleaned first and then Dr. T came in to do the major work.  She was gentle and sweet, kept calling me "honey" which most of the time I can find annoying, but with her I felt like it was being said with honesty and I found it endearing.  I've found my new favorite dentist and Dr. T is it.  I wouldn't even second guess recommending Dr. T to anyone who is looking for a thoughtful and caring person to treat them.
<review# 66,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/1/2013,12/29/2013,49,108,,3,3>One of my favorite places to drink in RI. Friday nights here are so fun. An eclectic mix of members and "outsiders", but always welcoming. Decent German food, reasonably priced beer and big tables make it a great place to meet up with friends.The special events here they have are always well attended and fun. And the upstairs ladies bathroom is something to marvel at. Gather all of your drinking and wurst eating friends and bring them here!
<review# 67,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/9/2013,12/28/2013,37,65,,7,2>Perro Salado is somewhat of a hidden gem in Newport. The food here is seriously delicious... authentic flavors and fresh local ingredients. I will definitely be taking my friends and family here whenever they visit Newport.The boyfriend and I decided it was time for a proper dinner date out and chose Perro Salado. This place was packed on Saturday night.. and reservations are certainly recommended. We ended up having to wait just a few minutes for our 8:00 reservation. Located in a stand-alone historic home off the main streets of Newport.. the location is fantastic. Inside is warm and rustic... makes for a wonderful dining experience. Though, I could see some thinking it is a bit too dim inside. Service has always been great on my visits.Back to the food, it seems like the menu here changes often to reflect fresh ingredients. Quite often the sope, emapnadas, enchiladas, and tamale will feature something different each visit. My boyfriend and I started by sharing the chili, sweet potato, and cheese empanadas. SO GOOD. It was so wonderful to find a vegetarian appetizer as an option. We also started with a couple cocktails which were delicious. After that, we opted for a small pitcher (4 - 5 glasses) of Red Sangria.. a real bargain for only $12! I requested the duck tamale for my entree, but unfortunately they had just sold the last one! Luckily my back up choice of seared sea scallops with warm mango-habanero salsa, spinach & coconut rice was on point. Perfect combination of flavors and textures. My vegetarian boyfriend ordered of the Taquiera menu. You can pick enchiladas, tortas, tacos or quesadilla with a selection of fillings. We also shared the Yucca fries. Save room for dessert, too.. the sopapillas are authentic and the flan (flavor changes daily) was fantastic.Prices here are average for Newport, perhaps a tad bit on the high side. They also have a quick serve sister restaurant, El Perrito, on Thames Street. So if you are looking for the same quality of food for a cheaper price.. this is your place (its byob!).
<review# 68,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/18/2013,12/27/2013,54,196,4,6,6>If you live on the East Side of Providence, you're most likely lacking one major thing - a big backyard.  Back when I was single, a yard meant nothing to me.  Now that I have a tiny baby - I can understand why parents like some wide open spaces for their tots to roam around.Thank goodness for the Gladys Potter Garden. Its a gated large park, ideally meant for babies through preschoolers.  There are plenty of benches, a picnic table, and paved pathways for little ones pushing themselves on their bikes or kid cars.  You'll find an assortment of plastic toys, sandbox playthings, and several toddler appropriate plastic slides and playhouses.Sure, the song "Island of Misfit Toys" will start playing through your head, because you know all of these items have been passed down from older kids. Maybe the color is faded, or a piece is missing.  But to me, this park is a wonderland where toys and playgrounds get a second life.  In addition, if a toy breaks down - never fear - there are trash bins so that they may pass on to toy heaven.Last, there is a tiny hill behind the swings, and every winter I see children sledding down it.  Its not much, but perfect for a 3 year old ;)
<review# 69,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/3/2013,12/26/2013,65,137,2,5,4>A lovely little shop in Warren full of unique gifts, crafts, trinkets, jewelry, books and more. We stopped in on Saturday and took home super clever temporary tattoos and a gorgeous pinecone Christmas ornament, but I could have purchased SO much more. Absolutely stop by and take some time browsing, you won't be sorry! Shop local!
<review# 70,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/2/2013,12/25/2013,91,416,2,3,3>I came here years ago when I first moved to Providence, before I knew what the state had to offer in coffee shops and bakeries. While I now go somewhere else for coffee and a work session, it's nice to stop in here every once in a while and pick up some yummy treats.  Lasalle is bright and airy inside, with an L shape case of delicious looking desserts and savory treats. They have everything from the RI staple - pizza strips (and even a wheat version) to extra large cupcakes with very ornate frosting.  Last time I went in, there was an employee greeting people at the door with free samples and later I saw her giving suggestions to some of the people waiting in line.  One caveat is that you have to know what you want. The way the line is set up is away from the glass cases, so its hard to plan out your order and then when you have someone waiting on you, there is the stress of deciding in the moment.  I will say that the gentleman waiting on my last time was patient and consistently asked me if I wanted certain items heated up.  Very sweet.
<review# 71,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/3/2013,11/23/2013,73,420,2,4,1>What an antidote to a bad week.   I've been to this market in the summer, but never the indoor winter market.   It was a beautiful morning and driving through the stone walls with the blue skies, the last of the foliage and the the historic buildings just lifted my mood.   I parked in the designated field and began my walk to the barn.  On the way I visited with the baby goats, roosters and an amazing red pheasant.   Yes, I was the crazy lady talking to them all.  Don't judge.   The barn isn't overly large so the winter market is smaller, but I prefer the atmosphere.   Even with less vendors I managed to spend a lot more money and walked out with many more bags.   The local farms are well represented and I picked up some brussels sprouts, perfect looking green beans, arugula and some blossom salads.   I bought a huge bunch of sunflowers for five dollars that makes me smile every time I see it.   The Coffee Guy was pouring a delicious cold brew and I bought a pound of beans that made a perfect cup of coffee this morning.   Cranberry orange relish and the best pumpkin butter I've ever had from Confections?  Yep, bought those too.   Salsa and roasted tomato vinaigrette from Sweet Berry Farm also ended up in my bag.  There was also honey, meats, fish, soaps and alpaca knitwear to be had.  After browsing through the barn, take the time to stroll down the road you drove in on.  You'll pass a pond with swans and ducks and eventually end up at Mount Hope Bay.  I definitely recommend a visit.  It's good for your soul.  I'll be back soon!
<review# 72,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/29/2013,11/22/2013,44,266,,4,2>I am so impressed with Broadway St. In the past 3-4 years they have added so many interesting and trending restaurants. In just one season, Malt has risen to the top of the list for places to eat in Newport. That is extremely impressive. I came to Malt on the last night of summer with my roommates. One of them had been there before and loved it, but I didn't quite know what to expect... With a name like Malt.. it kind of leaves it open to interpretation.The atmosphere: Light, warm, comforting. They have a really pretty window seat with cozy pillows. It isn't necessarily romantic. but its classy and chic. It is authentic Newport. It feels like your friends dining room.The food: Very limited menu. It is sophisticated and upscale. I woudln't suggest going there if you crave something specific, however, they do have a great burger menu. I got a homemade pasta dish (They do not have a website so I cannot get the exact name). It was delicious, except it came with goat cheese. I decided to be brave, and try it. The goat cheese was a little too strong for my liking (only because I don't really like it to begin with). We got the maltball chocolate mousse truffle for dessert. Do I even need to say words to describe it with a title like that? Drizzled with malt flavored syrup and icecream.... It is heaven on your plate and a cloud in your mouth.The alcohol: The place is named after a high end drink. Of course the drinks are good. The wine and beer list is astronomical.The service: Absolutely perfect- attentive, great paced, and offered great suggestions for meals, desserts and drinks.I am extremely impressed with my first visit here. I definitely will be back.
<review# 73,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/4/2013,11/21/2013,466,705,4,5,4>Yup! I saved it for my 600th review!  Besides waiting until this moment came I also had to get in the mood to write a great review and I hope that turns out to be one! One of the first thing anyone has ever said to me when I first came to Rhode Island is that I "must go to Al Forno" 's ! There are about 600 other Italian-esque restaurants in the are and each boasting to be the best in town. I figured I would get a great meal, have a nice time and move on. Instead, I sat dumbfounded at my empty plate and then empty dessert bowl and wondered how so much flavor could be packed into a punch like that!First off, let's start with the setup. You need to know that there is complimentary valet parking which is always a +1 in my book. You don't have to fight with all the other people trying to get to the other restaurant/bars in the area. You want in and you want a seat so you can start munching on food! As you walk in, you have the option of either indoor or outdoor seating. I usually choose inside since the outside is usually always too hot for my comfort. Then as you go inside you have the option of bar vs table. Bar is first come first serve while the table may not always be available but is nice when it is there for you! So many choices already! Just you wait....Now to the menu. You'll find an extensive list of goodies there. Most people consider this an "Italian" restaurant and sure you have your pizzas and pastas but it's much more than that. You have your fine steaks and poultry and seafood all with a twist of ... well I guess... Italian in there. Does it make it Italian? Eh. I'm not sure if I"m technically the right person to ask that question to! In the end, does it really matter if it's good food?Again we encounter my recurring theme of "creature of habit." I came to this state for seafood and this restaurant does not disappoint. The first time I was here, I shared a calamari pizza with arrabiata sauce with my parents while I had a spicy clam entree. The pizza was heavenly with its thin crust grilled pizza (which apparently Al Forno's is known for) and the spicy arrabiata tomato sauce on top. To top it all off (quite literally) is the crispy calamari slightly dusted with garlic which ohh ohh ohh makes it so nice. Put them all together and you'll see why I now order that every time I go there (and I go too often!). Each pizza can comfortably feed 2 people or feed 1 VERY hungry person. They had a steak special which my dad had when he visited and that was not only savory and juicy but ... what's the word... fragrant I guess. It attacked all the senses and made one delicious bite.Remember that before you can finish ordering your entree, you must also order dessert. Each dessert is, yes I said it here, MADE TO ORDER. This of course includes the ice cream. There are few other places (actually no other place) where I would even consider a $15 glass of ice cream. People raved about the desserts so hey what's a day's worth of salary anyways! Each day they have a different flavor of ice cream... I'm told. The first day we had vanilla to accompany our other baked pastry dessert and the second time I had chocolate mint. Let me tell you that each ice cream was unique in its own way but both equally creamy and delicious giving you an amazingly mind-blowing experience! This is a must and you cannot skimp here.I'm proud to have this as my 600th review and I recommend this place to anyone wanting a good meal. You can't go wrong with anything on the menu!
<review# 74,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/15/2013,11/20/2013,53,70,2,3,4>Broadway Bistro is easily in my top 5 go-to spots for a great meal any time of the year.  They consistently dish out tasty, high quality food at very reasonable prices.I've tried all kinds of entrees here - meats, fishes, poultry and every single time the food is top notch.  The starters are also fantastic and include delicious salads, ribs & grits, and some amazing soups.  The recent (but maybe it's been a year?) expansion has added a bar area to the already must visit.  Now in addition to their great wine selection there's a full bar.  That is change I can believe in.
<review# 75,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/21/2013,11/19/2013,30,39,2,3,4>As others have said, I always walk out with a purchase at this store - whether a summer dress, comfy V-neck, bauble ring or a cool belt.  Prices have really great range - you can go toward the higher end of $100+, but the aforementioned summer dress was only $50!  I actually already had a handful of other items and with summer making a quick exit left, I was going to leave the dress behind thinking by it's make and materials it had to be close to $100, and then Natalie nicely asked if I was sure...it was only $50! YES please!Natalie is awesome and she takes so much time to get to know her customers that she knows you outside of the store.  My very first purchase was a vintage dress, and at an event a couple months later she came up to tell me how great it looks and remembered that I lived up the road and invited me to come in just to chat, anytime.This store is the perfect example of why you should shop local!
<review# 76,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/24/2013,11/18/2013,35,23,10,4,10>Wanted to venture out, grocery shopping 'cause we're hungryDecided to make Lamb Kabobs, oh my gosh, so yummy.Needed several spices, which Eastside Market didn't haveWhole Foods didn't either, plus their prices make me sadDecided to drive farther, went into "Not Just Spices" To much delight, they had legumes, veggies, and ricesThe owner was very passive, yet he was a great helpThe store was pretty great, so I've decided to Yelp!The prices were quite fair, the selection was spot onMy mouth started to water when I spotted the NaanSaid farewell to the cashier, we drove home really quickI'll be sure to come back, next time I cook an Indian dish
<review# 77,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/15/2013,11/17/2013,49,95,,4,3>I've been craving deep-dish pizza for weeks now and my husband discovered this place via Yelp! of all places!  While it wasn't what I expected (hard to live up to my small town, hometown expectations) however, it was both the literally heaviest pizzas we've had, but also super yummy, only needed one piece for dinner.  We got the sausage, spinach deep dish, lots of both.  We were impressed with overall options, and option or wheat crust (even if unavailable for deep dish). And the cheesy breadsticks was actually closer to what I was craving in my small town, hometown expectations so I was a happy girl. End result: new pizza delivery place to add to the list, and craving technically satisfied.  All good.
<review# 78,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/12/2013,11/16/2013,83,170,2,3,2>Old speckled hen on draft!!!!Okay, now that that's out of the way...I love me some Congress Tavern. Everything about it, from its chalkboards to its library ladders to its bartenders' willingness to let me do the cotton-eyed joe at 1am on a Saturday night...is pretty goshdarn solid. It's definitely meeting a need in that neighborhood--it's a cool, trendy bar that never seems to be too crowded, too expensive, or trying too hard. The food is typical pub-quality food, so think of this as a place to grab a sandwich if you skipped dinner.I prefer this downtown bar to a lot of others, and considering I don't venture far from the East Side establishments, that's saying something.
<review# 79,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/1/2013,11/15/2013,28,68,3,5,5>This place is awesome. I've already been here 3 times in their first month open.... not just because I'm a vegetarian, and not just because I live within easy walking distance, but because the place is really good.My most recent visit was an early Sunday dinner. I took my dad and step-mom here for a "meet the boyfriend" dinner (very exciting). My dad emailed me a couple days later: "We were glad to come out and see you and meet John and have that GREAT vegetarian meal!" So there you go - eating fiddleheads, cauliflower, Korean tacos, and chocolate at the Grange was more exciting for my dad than seeing his darling daughter and meeting her new boyfriend. The food is always excellent. So far I've tried the salad, a couple of soups, the deviled eggs, radish salad, crostini, fiddleheads, cauliflower, po' boy (WINNER), mushrooms, creme brule, and chocolate plate. The beer list is really good too, and they have a little walk-up cafe (called Chicory) attached to the Grange where you can get coffee, juices, smoothies, and baked goods. (For those who are familiar with Wildflour, they have a lot of those same cold-pressed juices. Hooray for the detox juice.) And the decor is lovely. They made great use of the space, with a nice open layout, lots of green growing plants, and tons of natural light.The only complaint that I've seen in some reviews is that the portions are a bit small. Yes they are a bit small. bu that's just a good excuse to try lots of different things. :) You're paying for QUALITY over quantity here. They use a lot of top notch local ingredients, so the plates are not going to be HUGE like those piles of pasta you would get on Atwell's - instead you get a nice little plate of carefully chosen ingredients. You can still have a nice big meal just by sampling a few different things - my boyfriend has "rolled' out of here several times swearing that he will never eat again.They also have a late-night menu which I have so far only seen advertised on Facebook. If you go between 10pm and midnight you can get totally different dishes, such as a Kim Chi roasted carrot dog with Korean BBQ sauce. Definitely worth checking out. Yum.
<review# 80,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/13/2013,11/14/2013,56,129,,3,5>Love. It is a complicated phenomenon, no? Love is sure to have started wars, and ended them; has the infinite power to create, and destroy; drives mere mortals to commit incredible feats, or unspeakable cruelties. Entire genres of the world's films, novels, music, and art, have been dedicated to this idea; and yet, none of them come close to describing my affection for Gracie's.A pre-fix dinner at Gracie's is like watching Diego Rivera paint a mural; it's diverse, it's colorful, and in the end, it comes together beautifully, leaving the observer with a mixed sense of joy, satisfaction, humility, and longing (predominantly, for a larger stomach).I happened to dine here during restaurant week, which in my opinion, is the best deal of the year. Having the pleasure of sharing the experience with my girlfriend, I also was able to try everything she had; so in a sense, it was like getting 6 courses instead of 3. We started our meal with two similar cocktails (i can't remember what they were, save that both contained St. Germain). Both were expertly mixed and served, and a delight to consume.The first food we were greeted with was an array of freshly baked breads; having been a patron of Ellie's in the past (although Gracie's begot Ellie's...way to do things backwards), I knew to expect excellent quality, and I was far from disappointed. The first course consisted of Jeffrey's Baby Greens Salad for my lovely lady, and Russet Potato Gnocchi for myself. This would be a good time to say that I have, for all my life, abhorred anything mushroom related; yet strangely, I found myself delighted by the flavors and textures that the gnocchi had to offer.In between courses, we were given a house-made sorbet, to cleanse the palate; it was crisp and refreshing. My girlfriend ordered the Crescent Farms Duck, which was cooked to a perfect medium rare (as the chef recommends!), and was mind-numbingly superb. I took the risk of getting the market fish, which turned out to be swordfish; again, another example of a food that in the past, I have not been a huge fan of, yet was showcased ingeniously here. A spoonful of fresh vegetables followed, presumably again to provide a sufficient cleanse.I had previously been told of the wonders of the Gracie's Crème Brulée, and if anything, those wonders were understated. I literally laughed at how good this dessert was. My girlfriend was the lucky recipient of the Cloumage Cheesecake, which was also delicious (although if I had to chose, the crème brulée definitely wins).All in all, it is self-evident, that I left Gracie's with the utmost respect and satisfaction. I can not more highly recommend a visit to this wonderful establishment.
<review# 81,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/14/2011,9/14/2011,599,211,3,5,8>"Coffee should be black as hell, strong as death and as sweet as love."   ~ Turkish proverbI'm pretty sure it's the nostalgic atmosphere that draws folks in to see what's brewing at Coastal Roasters since they're one of the last locations around that actually does their own roasting on site. Ahh, the comfort of being at Coastal Roasters wrapped in the chill of winter while sipping delicious fair trade coffee or enjoying an on-the-spot fresh brewed herbal iced tea after a hot day at the beach.Lisa, the owner has been the main skipper behind the scenes as well as, front and center but you'd never know it by her humble gentle pace. Gracefully, you can find her hauling huge bags of beans, chatting up the locals or making a dash delivery in her eco-friendly vehicle. She 'gets it.' I used to think that every lucky town had their own Coastal Roasters but in my travels, I've never been able to find such a great place; when I return, my first stop: Coastal Roasters. There is something uniquely soothing about this place (though it's constantly busy) and it's not just the ginormous selection of loose leaf teas and ethical coffee, the tiny decor, the busy morning honor system for regulars, the selection of cool creations made by local artists or that they're located right on the bay. Hmm... what Paul D. said, yep, that's it.
<review# 82,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/31/2011,9/13/2011,27,99,5,8,7>Ann-Marie is possibly the sweetest farmer...rancher? cow raiser? Whatever. Anyway, Blackbird is a little farm in Smithfield that raises Angus cows that are free of hormones, steroids, and unnecessary antibiotics. Free range, and fed local grain, these cows are happy cows! And as the commercials say happy cows are...tasty cows? The cows are named and loved, and charted straight through to harvest and grading. You know where its been, and why its so damn good! I'm pretty sure they sell at the local farmers markets, but they also erected a farm stand right on limerock/douglas ave. Serving assorted local stuff along with their meats. Sure its a little more expensive, but its nice to know the little moo-cows were happy getting to your plate!
<review# 83,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/18/2011,9/12/2011,564,104,5,8,4>Food Network's Guy Fieri praises R.I. favorites!? Olneyville New York System hot weiners!? OH I gotta check this spot out!Per Wiki "Hot wiener or New York System wiener is a staple of the food culture of Rhode Island. It's typically made from a small, thin frankfurter made of veal and pork, thus giving it a different taste from a traditional hot dog made of beef. Once placed in a steamed bun, the wiener is topped with a meat sauce seasoned with a myriad of spices like cumin, paprika, chili powder and allspice, which is itself covered in finely chopped onions, celery salt and yellow mustard."So I stopped by to have a few wieners after a long night of boozing and flirting. I wanted to experience what Guy Fieri... and WOWzerz! These wieners are awesome! So delicious, I ended up having 8 "all the way" wieners. I must say, it was an orgy in my mouth. Awe-inspiring, remarkable,  breathtaking and simply awesome!  I also had my first "coffee milk" experience here. I recommend this spot to anyone hungry after a late night of partying. :)
<review# 84,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/5/2011,9/11/2011,17,52,,4,3>This place was an Italian joint a few months ago, a new owner and an amazing make-over later, this restaurant is now gorgeous.Smiling owners at the door, polite, quick and knowledgeable staff at our beck and call. We're sushi fans so we sat at the sushi bar but you have choice to sit at the hibachi grills, the bar or a table. The menu is very interesting, some basic Chinese food fares, Hibachi specialties and Japanese fare, a full bar of mid shelf alcohol and a good wine list.We got 2 drinks, me a martini and Chris a kirin beerWe started with a Screaming Maki ($11,95) and a sashimi deluxe (15 pieces for $23,95)The roll was made quickly and expertly, the young chef knows what he's doing. Fresh roe and interesting combination. The sashimi plate was gorgeous with edible orchids and fresh fish ( tuna, salmon, white tuna, yellowfin and bass) which were all excellent, my only complaint was the yellowfin was still slightly frozen. This plate comes with a miso soup and house salad (thousand island dressing~disappointing)The chef then suggested a few things for us to try, the salmon roe and clam, we also tried the pickled mackerel (shimesaba) which was ~delicious~For dessert we tried the fried cheese cake ($5,95) which we got for free~ty!PROs: Friendly, knowledgeable staff, fresh fishCONs: Lack of top shelf booze, no cold sakeIt's a new restaurant syndrome, the dressing and small booze choice will probably be fixed soon, the owner assured us they would get taller chairs for the sushi bar too. We'll go back, we got away paying $92 with a generous tip, for South Attleboro, it's a breeze of fresh air.
<review# 85,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/20/2011,9/10/2011,52,8,3,10,8>On the one hand, I'm loathe to share this quiet, little neighborhood gem with Eastside interlopers; on the other hand, it deserves recognition; on the third hand, yes, come spend your money here.  Ama's is a lovely little jewelbox--intimate yet casual, gracious, comfortable. The main focus is on oysters and bento boxes.  Prices are very reasonable, portions are decorous, and the experience is one of genteel sufficiency--if you're leaving hungry, then perhaps Twin Oaks is more your style.  The oysters are always fresh, the entrees are flavorful and earnest interpretations of Japanese cuisine, if not overly ambitious or complex.  I'd like the food to be a bit less salty, but I find myself saying that at every restaurant.  And, of course, the night's not complete without a digestif at The Avery next door.
<review# 86,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/27/2011,9/9/2011,12,5,,4,2>Great place to see local art and music.  A funky old long and narrow firehouse with simple decor (local artists and photographers), decent beer selection (draughts and bottles), and interesting bathrooms (be sure to check out the toilet art).  There's a random glass opening between the venue and the apartment above.  We saw a little kitty who was jamming out to the bands.  Our show was sold out but there was still plenty of parking around the venue.  We stopped by for the Slackers show last week and were treated by two amazing opening acts.  Be sure to check out the Rudeness (a la Sublime/Vandals) and Boo City (rock/r&b/blues/&SOUL!) if they are in your town.
<review# 87,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/14/2011,9/8/2011,34,45,1,1,1>I'm a huge fan of The Hot Club. Good prices, good people and an awesome outdoor deck. What more is there to say really? Oh right, they have free popcorn. They're also on the water so during the summer months you get a breeze and a nice view of Providence Electric and the hurricane barrier. It's packed most weekends but the service is still usually fast and accessible. definitely worth checking out if you haven't already.
<review# 88,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/9/2010,9/7/2011,86,152,7,4,3>Happened to drive by this place and I turned around and went back, even though I hate the W.F. chicken joint. Really, when am I ever going to be in the neighborhood again?I have no idea what happened next. I must have blacked out. I started piling up baked goods and coffee milk and ordering muffins and I had to go put some stuff back because, really, who the hell is gonna eat all that ?I pared my pile down to muffins, pizza, coffee milk, and shortbread. So far the muffins are my favorite.  I cannot believe the muffin selection they have... Banana chocolate chip? Cranberry apple? WHAT.There's a barn with cows and you can watch them being milked and stuff, but I had to get out of there before I spent my year's pastry budget in one afternoon.
<review# 89,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/28/2011,9/6/2011,323,390,2,3,5>All I can say is WOW!I went on a tour and strawberry picking today at Salisbury Farm and it was amazing.  This place plants between 10,000 to 15,000 strawberry plants a year.  And you know what is funny, it all started because of a high school project in the 80s!The owner Wayne is so sweet, just like his strawberries!  He gave a great tour and told us about the history of the farm, all the way back to 1840.Strawberry season ends in the next couple of days, so get there fast!  You can pick from 8 am to 5 pm, seven days a week.  Raspberries are next so get ready!They also have homemade goods too in the barn!  They looked yummy!
<review# 90,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/1/2010,9/5/2011,242,444,2,6,4>Sophia's Tuscan Grille is a gem of fine dining located in Warwick, RI.  A quick highway trip from Providence, this restaurant is the perfect date location for one or several couples. . . specifically on Wednesdays and Thursdays between 5 and 9 pm!  During these times you can order from a special "Dinner for Two" menu at a discounted price!The "Dinner for Two" special is comprised of:#1  Your choice between the Soup of the Day, a mixed baby green salad, or for an additional $2, a Casear salad.  (I've enjoyed both a potato and cheese soup as well as the mixed baby green salad on separate occasions and was delighted with each plating.)#2  A shared Chef Special appetizer  (Again, on both occasions there were two choices. . . one being a Polenta Al Forno and the other a Mussels dish.  I was not a big fan of the polenta's consistency but to my surprise, the mussels served in a seafood broth were quite tasty!)#3  Two Entrees. . . choices include Shrimp & Risotto, Cod Fresco, Pesto Chicken Penne, Tuscan Grilled Pork Tenderloin, Chicken Romano, Three Cheese Eggplant Short Stack, Pasta Bolognese, and Sirloin Gorgonzola.  (I've had both the pork tenderloin and sirloin. . . while both were delicious I'd personally choose the pork over the steak.  Very juicy, the mix of flavors was perfect.)#4  (Optional)  A shared Dessert Special for an additional $6There are many more options to choose from on the daily menu, though you really can't go wrong with the amount of things to choose from on the Dinner for Two menu.  The dining room is relatively small. . .making reservations is the way to go!!!  Came here twice with another couple and were seated right away.  We had the same waitress twice, and though there were several weeks between our visits, she remembered us, where we had sat, and a good deal of what we had ordered.  She was extremely accomodating, brought us extra bread (the bread served with oil/parmesan cheese is to die for!), and made our experience an enjoyable one.The restaurant is BYOB with a $2 uncorking fee on wines.  Sure beats paying $20+ at other places for this option!  I highly recommend this establishment for a nice night out!  I will definitely be returning here in the future.
<review# 91,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/25/2013,10/1/2013,57,152,2,10,4>Rather than write a 2 star review of a shelter I had a negative experience at recently (Warwick if you must know), I decided to pay it forward and let everyone know of an awesome shelter.  I can imagine that working or volunteering at an animal shelter must be an intensely personal and emotional experience for those that do. Not to mention very physically intense. That being said, I commend the staff at W.W. animal shelter for being upbeat, professional, and engaging with folks that come in. They are also knowledgeable about all the animals, and their ailments.  We adopted our cat from there almost 4 years ago, and she is a happy, healthy addition to our family. I have remained in contact with the nice woman who runs the shelter, and have gleaned valuable advice from her over the years. This place is little off the beaten path, but I urge you to check out their web page, and go in if you are looking to rescue a pet.
<review# 92,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/12/2013,9/30/2013,52,157,2,4,2>OK, so I ate one of Dee's delicious Italian subs almost two months ago, and have been craving one ever since. I literally cannot wait to come back here!The reason this review is 4 stars instead of 5, is because the service kind of sucks. The woman answering the phone and at the counter is verrrry moody. When placing my order I felt that if she could have reached through the phone and strangled me she would have...reason: for placing an order haha! Seriously! I ordered a small Italian sub with everything including oil, salt and pepper. The vegetable were so fresh that with each bite came a nice loud CRUNCH! Heaven...If you are the type that likes a large amount of meat, I would suggest ordering your sandwich with double the meat. Everything was of great quality, and the bread was soft, and held up to all of the ingredients nicely, however, by the time I reached the bottom of my sub (I unwrapped and ate from the top down) the bread was soggy. Simple solution: next time I will eat faster :) Parking lot is small, and there is a steady flow of cars coming in and out, there is also on street parking with plenty of spots available (don't be afraid if you can't parallel park, you will do just fine). The inside is small, so don't just assume there will be a spot for you to eat, you may have to eat in your car or wait until you get home/back to the office. Lastly, I'm not sure that they have real hours. I think once they sell out of bread, they are done for the day.
<review# 93,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/27/2013,9/29/2013,149,382,2,4,2>I love Easton's for a couple of reasons.  The main reason being that I can always find (free) parking near the Cliff Walk and walk over to the beach, which is great not only to get a little exercise but for the fantastic views of the beach on my way over.  I also think that it tends to be less crowded than some of the big South County beaches.  Sure, there is usually a short line to use the bathroom on a weekend day, but I can always find a spot for me to sunbathe in relative peace.  My only complaint is that it always appears that over half of the outside showers to rinse the sand from my feet and legs aren't working.  Not sure why maintenance isn't more on top of this issue in the middle of summer.  It's true, they do tend to have a lot of seaweed in the water, but hey, it's the ocean and I've come to expect red tide at times.  The water is usually a bit clearer towards the cliffs, for those beach bums who need to swim.  I also am a Floridian and tend to think that the water in New England is a bit cold for me anyways, so I'm not usually too concerned. I am a big fan of Newport and my quintessential Newport day is spend a couple of hours on the beach, doing the Cliff Walk and finding a nice place to grab a drink or lunch.  Easton's is close to everything I love to do and I can usually avoid parking fees by walking a short distance.  You can't beat that.
<review# 94,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/1/2013,9/28/2013,95,74,3,6,4>Oh. Ma. Gah. I spent a day basking in the warm glow of paradise in DownCity. While I had visited the Spa at the Providence Biltmore before, this experience absolutely blew me away! My bestie and I enjoyed an entire day of head to toe pampering. Here's the run down of my itinerary to near nirvana (or at least as close as you can get a stone's throw from Kennedy Plaza)!First I indulged in a superb custom facial. The highlight of this service were the gentle, pain-free yet effective extractions performed by the esthetician Julie B. I know, I know, most people wouldn't pick having their pores squeezed until gunk spits out as a the best part of an experience, but it takes serious skills to do it with little to no irritation to my mug. So kudos to Julie B! The scalp massage was also divine.Next up, I spent nearly two solid hours having my bod rubbed and scrubbed by massage therapist extraordinaire Julie. My body melted into the table during my ultra relaxing Swedish massage. Julie applied balanced pressure and gave extra attention to my achy shoulder. After a brief intermission to allow the staging for my next treatment to take place (and two straight minutes of me absolutely chugging the delish cucumber water in the relaxation room), it was time for my invigorating Pure Fiji Hydrating Body Treatment. So here's the rub (terrible puns are kind of my thing). This nearly full body exfoliating sugar scrub is applied vigorously, removed with warm towels and topped off with a layer of rich emollient body butter. My skin felt ah-may-zing! My advice is to let all the juices soak in for as long as you can stand it. I was left a little greasy and a tad gritty, but I refused to shower until the next morning and it was soooo worth it. After re-donning our street clothes, it was time to rejoin my partner in crime for our manis & pedis. And to pop a bottle of bubbly. And by that I mean a split of Procesco each. The pedicure chairs are top of the line. I remember coming in a few years back and not being impressed by them. They were just "meh", pretty standard, run of the mill. Not these bad boys! Total upgrade. So we got our drink on as our footsies got some serious love from our nail techs Ling and Lauren. For the first time ever, I was able to fully relax and enjoy a foot massage because Lauren did it in a way that didn't tickle! Not even a little bit! Wow! That's huge for me because I have ridiculously ticklish feet and have came close to kicking nail techs in the face with my writhing on more occasions than I'd care to admit. After our toes were done, we tip-toed over to the manicure stations. After a soak, exfoliating scrub from finger tips to elbows and a hand massage, Lauren shaped and buffed my nails and even cleaned up my cuticles with out clipping them. My polish lasted a solid 4 days and likely would have lasted even longer had I not tackled a DIY project on Day #4. Needless to say, after nearly 6 solid hours of blissful relaxation my pal and I floated out of the Spa. While I may not be able to spring for an entire day of services again in the near future, I'll be back for monthly maintenance services!
<review# 95,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/19/2013,9/27/2013,52,188,7,5,5>It's funny how the little things keep a hospital staff going during an influenza pandemic or 100+ degree heat wave. The Miriam Hospital cafeteria is certainly no exception.First of all, the Miriam caf staff are really cream of the crop. They should be awarded MAGNET cafeteria. They are SO amenable to custom orders at the omelette and pancake station in the morning. You really can't beat their willingness to try ANYTHING. And by anything, I mean pancakes with chocolate chip AND blueberry, pancakes with chocolate chip and strawberries from the yogurt station, omelets with corn beef hash, omelets with tater tots... (okay, okay, I agree, omelets with tater tots are probably a little Napoleon Dynamite--but don't knock it until you try it).Speaking of tater tots, I don't understand how they get their tots so crispy and seasoned to perfection. I've never been a huge fan of tater tots, but these are like... frikkin nunchuck skills good. And all for LESS than $1.At lunchtime, I'm a huge fan of their panini station. They usually have 3 or 4 options, and you can opt for half or full. They also have a full grill and can make you whatever type of sandwich you want--burger, turkey burger, veggie burger, chicken sandwich, french fries, curly fries... again, all for dirt cheap--LESS than $4 for fries and a burger.But here's my big tip: the gift shop across from the caf has a cafe extension. They make AMAZING Boar's Head deli sandwiches, have cheesecake factory cakes, AND make fresh-brewed ICED TEA!!!!Endless options. Miriam food is more than sustenance. And yes, it's potentially the one thing that could get us to go to the hospital when we're not working. (I have witnessed residents planning brunch at the Miriam on a Saturday morning off, no joke).
<review# 96,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/16/2013,9/26/2013,105,224,3,11,5>This tiny place tucked into the bottom floor of a parking garage feels more like Italy than anything on the Hill. It's an elegantly casual, cozy jewel box of a space. I was lucky enough that it was cool that evening and they had the front window open. Our waiter seemed a bit new, but I forgave him. I ordered a prosecco, which came in a personal split size. He gave it to me as if it were a beer - just an open bottle and it took a little while before I got a glass. He waited on us the 2nd time though and had no issues. It was so great that after the first time, I brought my in-laws the week after. The pizza is as phenomenal as everyone says. The crust is light but chewy and has a great flavor on its own. So good that they offer the Marinara pizza that is only topped with lightly cooked San Marzano tomatoes and basil. The result is really bright and clean tasting. There isn't a menu online so I will try to remember what else I had. I tried the Ricotta pizza - no red sauce, just ricotta, mozzarella, and spicy soppressata. You can tell the ricotta is rich and freshly made. I have also had the Cherry Tomato (their version of a basic Margharita style) and the Arugula with proscuitto. The chef is very good at expressing nuance in the simple ingredients. This is true for everything on the menu, not just the pizza.Not many people have mentioned their small plates, which could be a star tapas menu itself. The sweet and spicy sausages were flavorful and tender. The flavor was great but the texture of the sausage was also beautiful. If you like calamari, you MUST get the calamari. It is not the breaded stuff we are used to. Just fresh squid, given a tiny flash under the flames so that there is a bit of char but the squid remains light and tender. The seasonings were light and the whole dish was in perfect balance. I have to say, I think this was the best prepared squid I have ever had in. my. life.
<review# 97,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/19/2013,9/25/2013,68,635,3,6,1>Americanized Chinese food - checkAll you can eat - checkSushi included - checkHibachi included - checkOkay, so pull up the feed bag and get busy.  All right, so is it the best Chinese food around, no.  Is it the best buffet around, quite possible.  I did make the rounds and did a little sample of a lot of things.  What, I had to take one for the team.  Anyway, I did keep it down to sample sizes.  I only found one thing I did not like, which was the stuffies.  The place is huge, and the staff seems to manage it all.  The sushi has actual sushi as well as various rolls.  The Hibachi is one of the 'load the bowl' type and then hand off to the grill cook.  They do have some of the best crab Rangoon around though.  They also do Pepsi product, which is thumbs up from me.So bottom line for me, it is a buffet which is usually just a step above a trip to the hospital.  This one on the other hand, is very good.  Cost Monday - Thursday is 9.99 and the Friday - Sunday is 10.99.  There is a kids price as well.So for what it is (a buffet), they are getting 4 stars from me
<review# 98,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/18/2013,9/24/2013,34,86,2,12,3>I went here for the pre-opening with my girlfriend, and a couple of friends. This place was incredible!  We loved the newly renovated interior that gives the restaurant a very modern industrial feel.  There is lots of warm wood tones and soft yellow ambient lighting.  With 2 sections of bars, you can bring your friends over to one bar and watch the game, or bring your family to the other room and experience a nice, private moment.  Really made me feel welcome. We were sat at a high top table that was near the bar.  A football game was on on their massive flat panel TVs, but was not too loud or distracting at all.The waitress greeted us and presented us with assorted menus.  Since this was a "Test", each menu had different items to allow the kitchen staff to be properly challenged, an also provide them with an idea of what they will serve in the future, as we were explained by the GM, Jamie.I was most surprised to see that they had wine on tap, which is something I'd never seen.  My girlfriend tried the tap Pinot Grigio, which I tried and thought was good.  I had a Brooklyn Lager (bottle), as I wasn't a huge fan of the draft choices.  They had very standard Guinness, Bass, Bud Light, Sam Adams,etc.  I'm a craft beer snob, so those beers didn't shock me, but I definitely enjoy a Brooklyn. For appetizers, we had fried calamari and boneless buffalo tenders.  The calamari was delicious, as was the tenders.  The buffs had a honey/buffalo flavor, which sets it apart from all others.  I was told by the waitress that the owner of this place also owns Charlie-Os in Narragansett, so they are the same wings.Finally, for dinner I ordered the French Dip sandwich.  It was a massive sandwich packed with shaved tender beef, and littered with the tastiest carmelized onions.  I tried the sandwich without the Au Jus, and I was in love.   Then I hit the sauce, and I nearly fell out of my seat!  The fries were just as unbelievable.  Just the right seasoning... So no real need for ketchup.  My girlfriend ordered the Scallops, which were huge and they sat atop mounds of creamy risotto.  She loved them.  I also tried a bite of the Lobster panini, and I can say that the flavor was incredible.  It was a lobster roll brought to a new level.  I didn't try any deserts since I inhaled my sandwich, but my friends got chocolate chip bread pudding that they said was amazing. The waitresses were very pleasant and took good care of us.  I will definitely come back, and hope to do so soon.  If you are in the area, check this place out.
<review# 99,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/4/2013,9/23/2013,65,137,2,5,3>I'm so happy that Chomp has opened in Warren!! We needed a rad little place like this in the East Bay.I stopped in on Friday for dinner with my mom and we had the best experience, from start to finish. The beer selection is kicka$$, and our amazing server (Andrea, I think) gave us some on point recommendations. We started the meal with Frickles, deliciously fried pickles with a house made ranch to dip them into. They were so good, my mom and I were fighting over the last few bites. Because the sandwich menu is awesome and everything sound so freaking good, we opted to share the Fried Green tomato and Grilled Chicken sandwiches. So, they both rocked, but we agreed that the grilled chicken was our fave. The Cuban bread is soft and soaks up the citrus aioli, giving you a whole lotta goodness in every bite.Let me tell you about the fries and ketchup that come with the sandwiches...you think you know, but you have no idea. The fries are clearly hand-cut and seasoned beautifully, and that ketchup....oh, the ketchup! Homemade, with a unique star anise flavor that keeps you dipping your fries over and over. Dude, seriously. That shizz is crazy good.I can totally see myself spending an evening at the bar, enjoying a beer flight or one (or 5, who am I kidding) of their signature cocktails.So, go to Chomp. Let's make sure they succeed and stay open for a loooooong time.
<review# 100,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/12/2013,9/22/2013,12,38,,5,4>I wish I had the time to go back and change all of my other 5 star reviews to 4 stars just so The Eddy could be my lone 5 star review. It's that good. My overall favorite spot in Rhode Island.Where to start... We'll start with the bartender/owner. Hands down the best bartender I've ever had - He's so good at what he does. Knowledgeable and classy would be my top two words to describe how he works. The mixed drinks are AMAZING. Yes, all caps. I wouldn't even consider myself a mixed drink guy, but you can't go to the Eddy and not have one (or 4).  These aren't the types of drinks you get at your typical bar. It's high quality stuff, perfectly mixed. The Aviation is my favorite, but nothing is bad. Gin and Tonic on tap is just plain cool. And the perfect cube ice cubes? Yes.I've tried all but one thing on the food menu and would recommend them all. So good and really fun to order in waves. The Crostini is my all around favorite. If you're into deviled eggs, don't miss those. All of the sandwiches are great. The lemon infused lobster roll, although seasonal, must be tried.Lastly, the atmosphere. Perfect, simple, relaxing. Awesome date spot in my opinion.I guess I can't fully express in a review how great this place really is. Just go and see for yourself.
<review# 101,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/28/2010,1/14/2011,16,90,3,5,5>This is an almost disgustingly cute breakfast/brunch/lunch spot. It is in the first floor of a classic Victorian home. Each room is busy with a riot of antique tables and chairs. There are no less than three fireplaces to sit near, one in each room. The food is great and I highly recommend their crepes. They are phenomenal. The best one we had was the "Mazzy Star" which is a portobello mushroom and cheese crepe which was superb.Very comfortable and highly friendly staff. It is a very familiar atmosphere which some people might be a bit taken aback by but it works because the staff is earnestly friendly.I will definitely be back as I hear they also have stellar bloody marys but we just had tea this morning.
<review# 102,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/16/2010,1/13/2011,9,243,,3,3>Came here for dinner while my wife was out of town. The "prix fixe" dinner was very good, though I forget its real name. It was soup, a samosa, choice of entree, rice, and rice pudding. Delicious, and I would go back again.
<review# 103,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/3/2011,1/12/2011,5,6,,4,2>I like this place!I come here for Pho and only Pho, and find myself craving it whenever it's gloomy out or I feel a bit under the weather.  I am no Pho expert but I have never been disappointed.  The size "small" bowl is stupid big and comes with plenty of sprouts and lime to add in.  A couple squirts of hot sauce and I'm a happy girl.The decor is pretty crap-tacular but who cares!  The food is cheap and the staff is super nice and I've never had to wait for a table.  My only minor complaint is that it always takes forever to get the check.  But that's okay, I usually need some time-out to park it for a while and listen to the insane amounts of broth sloshing around in my stomach.  Bonus: Right next door is New Asian market.  I like to go here after eating for wicked cheap curry supplies.  They sell the same curry paste at Whole Foods for almost twice the price!
<review# 104,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/2/2011,1/11/2011,80,220,1,3,1>So last night to start off the New Year my girlfriend and I decided to take a little road trip to Rumford, RI.  From friends we've heard so much about USOA and thought why not try a different roller rink from out usual cluster of choices.  We arrived just before 7pm and were greeted with a hefty line that went around the entire entryway.  Mostly consisting of preteens and young kids I could tell that we'd be some of the older people skating other than a couple adults.  USOA had a previous skating session ending from 4:30-7pm ending so patrons of the 7-9:30pm session got in about 10 minutes late.  TIP: Get there as early as possible to avoid a delay.  Unlike other rinks I've been to in Massachusetts USOA gave us adult bracelets like the kind you get at bars or concerts and made us fill out waivers before entering the rink.  Yup, waivers!  That was something new.  Once inside I could tell that people come here not just for the skating but for the laser tag and games as well.  I found a quiet sitting area in on of the corners where I could suit up with my girlfriend.  After a trip to the bathroom I was told a short story how a small group of boys began to admire my girlfriends Riedell skates.  Once we made it onto the track I found the floor to be unlike anything I've experienced so far.  Extremely slick!  However, before this night I hadn't skated in 2 weeks and within a few minutes the slick feeling went away.  Most of my fellow patrons were well behaved and okay skaters.  I say, "okay" because a large number of them kept falling laying themselves all over the track to dodge.  With the crowd we experienced last night it was important to be able to change direction quickly on your feet.  Like most roller rinks there is no racing on the track and skating backwards here is not allowed.  Oddly, you are allowed to skate with drinks and food in your hands...I suppose they've never had an accident on the floor before.  At times I did pass cubes of melting ice on the floor which did bother me.  Sadly, rules here don't seem to be enforced or monitored too well.  Roller rinks all have the standard rule that parents on skates are not allowed to carry small children.  This rule was observed a few times; In addition, a handful of times my girlfriend and I had to dodge non-skating toddlers running again the traffic on the track!  Thankfully, Refs who skate along the track quickly respond to this saving the children from any harm.Overall, USOA gets 4 stars and I'm sure that with future visits planned that the rating will make it to a 5 star review soon!
<review# 105,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/31/2010,1/10/2011,402,2019,,5,4>lucky to stumble upon this one .. in the same plaza with Garden Grille and Rasoi - a nice addition to the veg options in the area. We bought a bunch of baked goods and shared them amongst the group and the consensus was this place is GREAT! decent cupcakes, really good vegan hot chocolate, decent tea with some interesting flavors and they had a bunch of gluten free options in the bakery case too. definitely a place i will return to any time we are in the area. the pour-over coffee looked good and i will get that for sure next time. Place is brand new, so it's super clean. Staff was helpful and friendly. Wish it was closer to home. This is what it says on their site "We are a vegan bakery, juice bar and cafe all in one. We have gluten free options, green smoothies, raw food and pretty much anything else a health minded person with a sweet tooth could want!"
<review# 106,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/30/2010,1/9/2011,3,58,1,3,2>I was hoping my friends might want to go to Luciano's in Wrentham, MA instead of here...but I found out the same guy who own's Luciano's also owns Trattoria Romana. What a suprise as Luciano's is my favorite Italian restaurant! This was my first visit. We got there a little early and had a drink at the bar before our reservation time. When our friends met us for our 7pm reservation we were promptly seated. Service was outstanding. Waiter addressed every need promptly without having to track him down. Interior was neatly decorated. Atmosphere was perfect for a dinner date with our other couple friends. For dinner, I had the Carbonara pasta with added chicken which was fantastic. Calamari was excellent as well. Nice wine list. Only small complaint was almost all the "specials" were like $40...which was more than any entree on the entire menu! I thought "specials" are usually something that's a tad cheaper or around the same price as the regular entree menu items....not twice more?! Nobody at our table understood that. But, we didn't get the specials so it wasn't a real issue and the dinner was absolutely perfect so nobody really cared. I wouldn't hesitate to go back or recommend to anybody! I would also recommend ignoring comments from other reviews that it's "next to a Wendy's" or that it's in a "strip mall". That's either being nit-picky or some people just like to complain in my opinion. None of this took away from the fantastic experience or was a factor.
<review# 107,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/30/2010,1/8/2011,8,22,,3,2>Solid music venue. I attended Narragansett's 120th birthday event here. The bars on either side of the venue made getting a drink easy. The bathrooms were clean and large. There seemed to be some issues with sound for parts of the show, I think it was more to do with the band and not The Met's fault. There was a large decentbeer selection all thought it was limited to 'Gansett product during the event. There was ample parking around the area. I was most impressed by the murals, the hardwood floors and the general feel of the venue. Great venue.
<review# 108,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/27/2010,1/7/2011,2,3,,3,1>Our first visit to this establishment was shortly after it opened. The name led us to believe we'd be be frequenting a small wine bar with flights, cheese plates and possibly tapas. We almost got back in the car when we realized it was essentially a pizzeria. Perhaps it was our unrelenting desire to engage in new culinary experiences, or most likely, our growing hunger, but we went inside and sat at the bar. Nothing really stood out on the menu and the wine list was quite limited. We settled on two personal pizzas and a bottle of Pinot Noir. The idea of personal pizzas was appealing, as it allows us to each order our pizza exactly to our liking (thin crust whole wheat- no cheese, tomato, onion and banana peppers and traditional crust- cheese, pepperoni and banana peppers). The very reasonably priced wine list, albeit limited, was also quite appealing. 25-30 visits later, we are still ordering the same pizzas and often, the same bottle of wine (aside from a pitcher of delicious sangria in the summer and the occasional Sierra Nevada Pale Ale, on draught). When weather permits we sit on the patio, otherwise we sit at the bar. The service has always been great, the pizzas consistently good and the prices very reasonable. $30 for two individual pizzas and a bottle of wine is a pretty great deal, in our opinion. We can't speak for any other menu items, but for the above, it's hard to beat.
<review# 109,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/26/2010,1/6/2011,87,16,,3,1>The Smith Street LaSalle has been an important part of my life since I moved to the neighborhood in 2002.  Beyond the glorious selection of baked goods, it's a great place to take meetings or grab a chai on the go.  I eat the Harvest Bread toasted for breakfast whenever it's in season.Best choices: all the breads, croissants, European Danish, neiman marcus cookies, sugar cookies, cakes, pies, and cheesecakes.I also enjoy their crazy veggie pizza for a cheap lunch--piles of spinach and other veg, sauce, and cheese.  My dad is a fan of the ham & cheese croissant.Nevermind: the muffins are too sweet for my taste and the lemon squares are on flaky pastry dough rather than shortbread.There aren't any vegetarian choices among the ready-made sandwiches, so I can't speak to these.They're conveniently open until 7 or 8 most evenings, but avoid the place when nearby Kennedy Elementary and LaSalle Academy are starting or ending the school day--it gets really jammed.
<review# 110,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/25/2010,1/5/2011,3,10,,6,3>My family & I decided to try TPG at the recommendation of a friend. We walked into the restaurant on a chilly December night and were greeted warmly by the hostess and the cozy decor. The 5 of us were led to a very nice round table towards the back of the dining room, we were very pleased. A round table is so much easier for conversation and I do wish more restaurants had them. Our waitress came over quickly and was very attentive, yet not a nuisance at all, just the perfect amount of attention giving us time to chat, but there if we needed her. Her name was Karen. She knew the menu well and when my husband was torn between 2 items she quickly recommended the Black-Angus Sirloin with Grain Mustard Demi, Gorgonzola Cream & Onion Rings. He raved about his meal from the first bite to the very last morsel. My mom and sister both had burgers and enjoyed them, the sweet potato fries were delicious! A special of the evening was spinach risotto, and the waitress was kind enough to have the kitchen prepare me a side portion to go along with my salmon. Both were excellent! I am not sure I would dine here with younger children as the food is prepared fresh and there is a bit of a wait, although it is very much worth the wait!!Dessert, we just had to save room. I felt their tiramisu was just ok but those who ordered the triple chocolate mousse and flourless chocolate cake were very pleased with both.
<review# 111,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/5/2014,10/6/2014,37,154,3,3,4>Broadway Bistro is my favorite place to take out-of-town guests as it's a cute place with friendly staff and great food/drinks. Their menu changes frequently so while I can't recommend a particular dish, I can say that you really can't go wrong. I will say that if there is gnocchi on the menu, order it! A lot of their meals are pretty innovative, too. One time they had a crispy ramen cake accompany steak. The last time I went they had a paella that was among the best I've had.  Broadway Bistro is a great place to grab drinks and dinner. They don't take reservations, but I've never had to wait for a table (although I did often go on the earlier side).  If you haven't tried this restaurant yet you are definitely missing out.
<review# 112,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/19/2014,10/5/2014,183,84,3,2,2>Delicious? Yes. Friendly? Yup.  Affordable? Quite. My new fave spot in the hood? Def!Finally got to hit up the Elmwood Diner after months of driving by and watching the progress via social media.  The wait paid off!  Welcomed by the friendly staff as soon as we entered.  Grabbed a table in the back.  The coffee was flowing so much I was jittery all day!  Chicken & waffles are bomb!  I need to go back often to try the rest of the menu and fresh baked goods, and I will!
<review# 113,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/17/2014,10/4/2014,72,146,3,5,2>After my vacation to Germany in 2010 I have been wanting a Bierstube in RI. The Fuast has traditional communal tables and regular table seating. The interior looks like you just stepped off the streets of Munich into an established Bierstube (Beer Hall). The food was excellent! I had the chive spaetzle and the bratwurst. The dishes are large and filling, just the way German food should be! All the wurst are served with a side of sauerkraut and fries, both homemade... lets just say the plate was bare when I left the table.Bier... need I say more. A nice selection of German Bier on tap served either half or full liter. Next time I visit I'm looking forward to spending the night at the Dean and a few liters of bier!
<review# 114,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/5/2014,10/3/2014,20,192,2,6,3>This review is written from this perspective:I was 3 months away from my wedding, had never tried a wedding dress on before, had no idea what I wanted, and didn't see the point in spending more than $1000.A friend had told me to try this place, and the fact that it wasn't JUST a bridal shop was appealing to me, as I found the whole idea of shopping for a wedding dress to be very intimidating. After walking through the front of the store, which contained every color and style of dress imaginable, we made it to the bridal section at the back. They took my name right away and set me up with one of the saleswomen (forget her name). She seemed a little daunted by how near my wedding was and how very few specifications I had in mind (my ONE request was no "bling"). After telling me they'd sold the dress I'd seen on their website and liked, she preceded to bring me a bunch of dresses I didn't really like, but I tried them on anyway to see what styles I looked good in. They were all kind of frumpy and I was starting to feel discouraged. Enter Jackie! She swooped in and took over, as the other woman's "shift had ended." I immediately showed her the initial picture of the dress I'd liked on the website, she took a look at what was already in my dressing room and said, "these are all nothing like it!" (I know...), and came back with the first dress that I put on and actually felt comfortable and sexy in. It had a big pop of bling-ness right on the front though, which I wasn't having, so Jackie came back with another. She informed me that it was 50% off, then left me to try it on. It looked a hot mess off, but once I put it on I knew it was the one. It was slightly snug, so she brought the owner over to see if they'd be able to let the seam out at all. She assured me they could, and that even though it was off the clearance rack, a $200 alteration package could be added on. I decided to buy the dress sans alteration package, and a few months of healthier eating and some exercise had it fitting perfectly! I am beyond thrilled. So all in all, I tried on about 8 dresses, found the perfect dress that I never knew existed, and spent $550. Boom. Overall pros: Generally inexpensive, with some great deals on those clearance racks!Nice, helpful salespeople (but get Jackie!)All the regularly priced dresses include the alteration packageNo appointment neededThe only cons I can see are that the dressing rooms were a bit small (I could barely fit in there with some of the dresses), and the majority of the dresses are in bags so you have to root around quite a bit. If you're like me...a bit last-minute, without a specific vision of what you want, and not expecting your afternoon to be like an episode of Say Yes to the Dress with huge couches for your family to gaze up at you from as you stand "jacked up" on the runway, then I'd say this could easily be your spot to shop. I found THE perfect wedding dress and couldn't be happier!
<review# 115,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/4/2014,10/2/2014,231,95,2,2,3>Craft beers and awesome service less than 5 minutes away?! Jackpot!Nikki's has always been one of my favorite places to grab some brews in RI and this new location makes it even better.The new place is right on Branch Ave, has a nice area for their weekly beer and wine tastings as well as every beer imaginable. Seriously folks, their selection is one of the most impressive I've seen. We're going to be so spoiled with so much awesome so close by!
<review# 116,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/8/2014,10/1/2014,222,75,3,4,4>Quick and easy. Hard to find a really great selection in any one place and here has a wife variety of craft beers! Great deals on selecting a mix and matched 6pack, and of course all of your other staple liquors.Quick check out and kind cashier! Definitely will be a frequent stop.
<review# 117,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/25/2014,9/30/2014,63,77,4,7,5>Boombox is the bomb dot com.For the record, I generally avoid karaoke like the plague -- the idea of being in a bar of raging drunkards belting out Journey and Bon Jovi all night gives me conniptions. If that is what you want, for the love of god, please don't come to Boombox.Boombox is cool karaoke, with a tongue-in-cheek nod to Japanese/Korean karaoke joints: private rooms, sake/soju cocktails, a nice selection of my favorite silly snacks (Hi-Chew, Pocky, etc.), and some racist bathroom art (forgivable, I guess). The overall vibe is red-light-district-meets-RIhanna-dressed-as-­geisha. The lighting in all the rooms, including the bathrooms, is bordello red, which I guess makes sense since this building used to be a brothel (the exotifying bathroom art is problematic).I think there are 5 or 6 private karaoke rooms, which range from $40-80/hour (half price before 9PM!!) and seat between 8-15 people. Our room had two mikes, a disco ball, and could comfortably seat maybe 12 people (I think the actual capacity is slightly larger). Anyway, they have a high-tech song selection system that is iPad based, though there are also book sorted by title and artists for you Luddites out there. You can search on the iPad for your song, and it'll pop up on the screen with some totally irrelevant video of SeaWorld or windmills or something. I was pretty impressed by the song selection: the current songs are very up-to-date -- top 40, new R&B, etc., and, and the awesome guy who was helping us out (Donnell?) explained the whole iPad system to us very clearly. It's pretty dummy-proof, and you can queue up to 20 songs on the system.Once you pick out your jam, you can belt it out like Beyonce because the rooms are actually fairly soundproof. If you want, there's also a free-for-all karaoke space next to the bar ($1/song), but then you might actually have to hear Journey.The only reason I'd maaaaaybe dock a star here is that the drinks menu is only wine/beer based -- the cocktails have sake or soju as their main spirit, and while they are all creative and fairly priced (I think most are between $6-9), I kinda want something a little more festive when I'm doing karaoke. But, The Madonna, with sake/passionfruit juice/prosecco/orange blossom water/a lone boba ball, was delicious and fun. Also, there is no waiter service to the rooms, so you need to go out to the bar to get your drinks. Not a big deal, but I figured I'd mention it in the interest of full disclosure.This place is the business, and there's nowhere else like it in Providence. I hope this seriously becomes a group destination for fun people soon, because it still seems to be flying under the radar. That said, it is a little hard to find (it's inside the Dean hotel, and there's a direct entrance to Boombox through the parking lot to the left of the Dean's main doors).
<review# 118,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/3/2014,9/29/2014,24,78,6,4,2>I don't go anywhere else for my manicures or pedicures. They do amazing work, attentively tending to my nails and applying colour with Zen focus and pin-like precision. They're really nice ladies and some of them are cool to talk to (the ones who initiate a conversation with you). As a guy, I do still sometimes get a raised eyebrow or a few words of Chinese/Cambodian/Korean spoken about me. I can only assume it's about the tall black guy getting the navy blue OPI polish but who cares? They still do a great job and take my money afterwards and they're always nice.One thing I will say is they are easily packed and always seem a little flustered when they get walk-ins. It's like a walk-in throws the entire thing into chaos. Also, why do they not do the paraffin wax ALL THE TIME!!!!!???Otherwise Metro Nail is amazing!
<review# 119,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/10/2014,9/28/2014,50,54,6,7,3>I know this isn't a confessional, but, I just ate two ice cream sandwiches for lunch. I didn't plan on it, but I overheard the ice cream guy (for lack of a better name) telling another customer the flavors....Dark chocolate ice cream with a pretzel shortbread cookie sandwich - YOU HAVE MY FULL ATTENTION! I went back for seconds and tried the banana chocolate chip with a peanut butter shortbread cookie sandwich. Nothing less than amazing!This is a mobile food truck (tricycle), to find out its location check out their Facebook page : facebook.com/tricycleice
<review# 120,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/1/2014,9/27/2014,239,181,5,7,2>Ok, if you have been reading my reviews you know I am a bit of a clamoisseur. When I saw Rocky Point, the Rhode Islander inside me got so giddy. Let me paint you a picture, the RPCS is sitting in the middle of an Ann & Hope parking lot complete with a Del's stand to provide you refreshments. Yeah the only way to make it more Rhode Island would be an Autocrat stand selling coffee milk!So let's get this out front and center, this is a clam shack, not Matunuck Oyster Bar. Now the chowder and clam cakes did surprise me. I have been to my fair share of clam shacks and the bite sized nature of the clam cakes are genius. Don't worry about the size though, there are plenty of clams in there.The chowder was also very delicious, right amount of cream and clams. Most places will load it up with potatoes to mask the lack of clams, plenty of clams in RPCS' chowder.The only odd thing about it is they really adhere to the "shack" nature and use vending machines and the Del's stand for any drinks you want. The shack itself doesn't sell anything to drink.Come for the nostalgia and great seafood. Just a great place to open for the summer.
<review# 121,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/13/2013,3/28/2013,65,137,5,3,3>Mr H and I have been loyal fans of Chez Pascal and their yummy food truck, Hewtin's Dogs, but had yet to try the Wurst Kitchen. We set out last Friday night to fix that problem and were not disappointed!!We were seated at one of the communal tables in the cozy Wurst Kitchen and had a few dirty martinis to get ourselves warmed up. They mix a reallllly nice dirty at the Chez. Our meal started with the kielbasa with baked beans and cranberry grainy mustard, the sweet potatoes with bacon butter (!!) and then we were onto the crispy pork croquettes and little brats with raclette cheese bread pudding. OMFG. The little brats and raclette bread pudding was so good, I swear I left my body and rode a unicorn across a rainbow. Maybe that didn't really happen, but you know what I'm saying.For dessert, we had the divine warm almond & chocolate pithivier with coffee-vanilla bean custard sauce,coffee ice cream and warm chocolate sauce (yes, I copied the description off the menu so I wouldn't miss a thing). Even Mr H, who isn't really into sweets, was pushing my fork out of the way to get at that dessert.You're doing yourself a disservice if you don't get to the Wurst Kitchen at Chez Pascal IMMEDIATELY and eat until you cry.
<review# 122,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/30/2012,3/27/2013,142,225,2,4,5>Space is indubitably limitedBYOB with a $5 uncorking feeHoly MACKEREL is this food heavenlyOn one of the ridiculously good nights i was in here, Mauricio brought out some olives as my special lady friend grabbed a bottle of wine next door, and from there, the whirlwind of awesomeness began.  When he says pintxo quimet - LISTEN UP, CITIZEN!  Honey-drizzled salmon on goat cheese on toast points, with capers?  Friend, you don't even know the taste bud delight in store.Urgelia cheese with salted olive oil, rosemary pie-crust-like crackers were dynamite.  The tomaquet also impressed. I could go on, but seriously, I have yet to find a miss in several tries.  This place - the food is outrageous. And to finish?  A Cafe Bonbon - stir to taste for sweetness, and please enjoy a flan that won't quit. Seriously - try to find fault.  Get back to me - you know how to reach me.
<review# 123,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/17/2013,3/26/2013,38,64,2,7,3>I was very apprehensive about getting a haircut in Providence as I was a recent transplant from Boston, where Newbury Street hair gurus thrive. It's also not easy to find stylists, who can work with sometime unruly and thick Asian hair.  Before my wedding in November, I opted out of a haircut in order to grow out my hair for an updo. Instead, after consulting Yelp reviews, I booked an appointment with Melissa at Flipp for hair coloring services. The ambience and decor at Flipp is certainly cute and quirky. As I have monotonous, "The Ring" style, pitch-black hair, I desperately needed some color depth and tone variation to lighten up my hair in a natural way. I was very pleased with the result as the color helped show off my fabulous wedding updo. Like a close girlfriend, Melissa is also sweet, professional, and pleasant to work with. Like a previous Yelper noted, I found the payment process to be smooth and easy. I simply had to sign an iphone to authorize my transaction and to add a percentage of tip and received an email with my receiptAfter a successful coloring experience with Melissa, I recently booked a hair cut with her. The result...a fabulous, soft, textured bob with side bangs. My once heavy and thick hair suddenly feels light and has a lot of movement. I'm rarely pleased with my haircuts. In fact, I may have truly loved 1 or 2 previous haircuts, but this most recent haircut is one of my favorites :) Next up for spring is a chic pixie cut a la Michelle Williams.I am a new fan of Flipp and devoted client of Melissa's.
<review# 124,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/22/2013,3/25/2013,54,337,2,4,3>We used a Groupon here earlier this week.  At 5 pm, the place was pretty empty, with one person eating in a both and two women came in and ordered right after us. the place was clean and our order was fulfilled pretty quickly.   I ordered the il Padrino (#5)--parma style prosciutto, mozzarella, vine-ripened tomatoes, basic, and EVOO.  As others have noted, the bread was very hearty and stood up to the rest of the sandwich.  The mozzarella was delicious and full of flavor.  The tomatoes were a little pink, but I'd expect that in winter.  My only complaint was that the fresh basil was literally a whole swig of basil, so some bites had a taste of basil and in others it was overwhelming.  The price was very reasonable (about $8) and the sandwiches are HUGE!  Unfortunately, my sandwich had balsamic vineagrette on it and wouldn't keep, to I was "forced" to eat as much as I could (but still couldn't finish it!!). In the display case, the pizza looked pretty good ($1.75 a slice) and the stuffed mushrooms looked delicious. Overall, we had a great experience.  Parking, however, is another story!  Navigating Atwells is always an adventure.
<review# 125,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/11/2013,3/24/2013,163,373,2,6,2>So when I was told the portions were large here I had no idea what I was getting myself into, but damn these portions are ginormous! Tried the Chicken Milanese with a side of Penne Vodka and it was delicious! However I do not recommend tackling this plate alone, so much food. I end up taking the extra food home and getting 2 more meals out of it lol. But based on the price of the food and the portions, this a value not to be beat. Although your probably better off splitting the meal between a few people. One thing i did love was the fresh bread and salad that were included with the meal.I would recommend is making a reservation you plan on coming on the weekend, we came in a large group and instead of waiting an hour with our reservation we were seated right away. This place is a much different experience that anyplace you would find on Federal Hill, but if you are looking for a great Family Style Italian meal Marchetti's if def someplace worth checking out.
<review# 126,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/12/2013,3/23/2013,25,99,2,4,2>Two Saturday nights ago, my husband suggested we go back to one of our favorite, sort of upscale, restaurants in the city that we hadn't been to in a few years. When I saw they had a 8:30 reservation on Opentable, I snagged it right away! To Cafe Nuovo we went!Cafe Nuovo holds a very special place in my heart. My husband and I went there quite frequently in our first year of dating, and we even spent one of our first New Year's Eve together there. Located right in downtown Providence, Cafe Nuovo is a Providence institution, and has been there for as long as I can remember. Serving what I would describe is contemporary Italian food, Cafe Nuovo is definitely a special occasion spot. Our special occasion was just being able to have a date night together!Though we had a reservation, we didn't sit until at least 9:15. It was pretty clear they had forgotten about us because we saw a few other couples with 8:30 reservations made on Opentable seated well before us. It wasn't until my husband revisited the host to remind him of our presence that we finally got seated, which was definitely annoying. Fortunately, the food made up for that snafu.We started with some delicious crusty bread and olive oil, which came complete with some olives submerged in the oil. The bread was almost too crusty, as my jaw really got a workout when I was chewing it, but it was tasty.We decided to order a whole bunch of apps to share because we were starving by this point and wanted all of our food at once.  We ordered a grilled pizza with tomato, arugula, red onion, grano padano (a type of cheese) and garlic and olive oil.  It was really great- the crust was thin and crispy but substantial enough to hold up the flavorful toppings.  I ate two pieces no problem!I also had their bibb salad, with bibb lettuce of course, as well as spiced walnuts, apple, gorgonzola and apple cider dressing.  I always order this salad at Nuovo and it definitely did not disappoint.  I love how generous they are with all of the salad components!  In fact, I couldn't even eat all of the cheese!Of course, fries were also had.  Their fries were above average for sure- they came out nice and hot and tasted quite potato-y, as my husband proclaimed.I love pizza/salad/french fry meals, and Nuovo definitely does this combo right.  Their food is outstanding, and while I didn't order a pasta dish that they are also famous for, perhaps next time I will because I remember from the past just how delicious their vegetarian pasta dish is!  I can't wait to go  back to Nuovo- I am glad we have added in back into our restaurant rotation.I really wanted to do dessert there, but my more practical side remembered I had another Crumbs cupcake at home to devour so I abstained from ordering anything at Nuovo.  Still, their dessert menu is not to be missed!
<review# 127,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/25/2013,3/22/2013,72,146,2,5,5>I was a huge fan Ama's, but North has keep the decor but improved the food. The ancient japanese boat decor is still alive and the seating arrangement is the same. The bar has gained an incredible whiskey selection, I had a Buffalo Trace and was surprised how strong the rye came through. Enough about Whiskey, The place is small so expect a wait if you show up 7pm on a Friday night, hence my deep thoughts on Whiskey. The menu is a sharing menu, meaning it's best if you order lots of items for the whole table to share. The food came fast, a little to fast for my liking. But everything tasted great. First we had a dozen oysters, served with a house chile sauce and a vinger sauce. Then we ordered the Long bean for the Vegetable, Crispy Tonkatsu Ramen, and Kimchi Stew. The Ramen dish was my favorite, the pork was fried with this incredible crunchy sweet crust, that held up to the strong flavored sauce.I'm looking forward to getting brunch here soon. I hope North is here to stay!
<review# 128,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/18/2012,3/21/2013,81,227,6,6,4>Having lived in Washington Park for ten years I've had to listen to my friends in other neighborhoods talk about walking over to The Avery, or down to the Wild Colonial, or even up to the Elmhurst Pub. Meanwhile, within walking distance of my house I had these options: McDonalds, Subway, and the Shell station. Oh, there was also a really crappy bar called the Acores Cafe, which I went to all of one time before my wife decided she was never setting foot in there again. I guess people screaming at the top of their lungs in Portuguese is not the nicest setting for a date night.Well, the Acores has been sold, and has reopened as What Cheer? Tavern, named after the famous greeting ("What Cheer, Netop") given to Roger Williams when he first came to Providence. What Cheer is an intimate space that specializes in local food and beer. The menu is small, simple, and locally sourced. The current beers on tap are Providence favorites Revival and Trinity, along with Newport Storm, Wachussett, Grey Sail and of course, Narragansett. Bottled beers are also available and generally fall into the New England craft beer milieu. Now, as nice as this sounds, it's still Washington Park so they do have $2 Narragansett Tallboys on Thursdays, and some domestic beer and cheap shot options as well. What Cheer Tavern has only been open for a few days, but so far it's drawing an eclectic crowd. You have some of the old neighborhood guys that used to come to Acores, college students from Johnson & Wales, professionals stopping in for a bite or a drink after work, some military folks, and people attracted to the locavore and craft beer vibe. All they need now is some hipsters and they'll win some sort of Providence Bingo.The space itself is cozy - probably holds 20 people comfortable with 30 being a tight fit. However, it has a really nice fenced in patio area that they plan to turn into a beer garden. Given the lack of outdoor seating at most bars and restaurants in Providence, I'm psyched to have such an amenity in my neighborhood. The owner seems nice and friendly. We talked for a bit while I was enjoying my Gansetts, and I always appreciate a bartender who takes the time to talk to a lone patron rather than just texting or cleaning and waiting until you need a refill. You can tell the place is still finding its feet. In some ways, I really like that. I like that it's not so busy that I can actually get to know the owner. I like that they draw an eclectic mix of people. I like that they're an unpretentious place serving craft beer and locally sourced food.
<review# 129,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/30/2012,3/20/2013,202,333,4,4,4>Sooooo much fun, I haven't stopped talking about it since Wednesday (count 'em - 4 days later!).  Get out your boot scootin' boogie, saddle up some plaid, red/white/blue, maybe your closet cowboy hat and come on down to the back woods of Rhode Island for a GOOD TIME!On Mondays and Wednesdays they offer line dancing lessons for a $9 cover charge, and all the kids are doing it.  I saw everything from high school couples, to young marrieds, and seasoned country lovers shaking their stuff to top 40s dance and that twang, albeit modern!  It was merriment all around.  Better then Zumba because you can drink (hello, beers are $4, drinks $6) and I found myself sweating more.  So let's just call this a cheap date I'd like to repeat sometime soon.
<review# 130,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/22/2012,3/19/2013,59,112,2,2,3>Coming from a horrible dental experience getting my braces along with two wisdom teeth removals I expected the worse from almost all dental practices.  Almost 5 years later of teeth neglect I finally had dental insurance and decided to take my chances again of maintaining some pearly whites.  All the staff here are quite professional and though it took a week or so for my first scheduled appointment it was well worth it.  I'm still coming here for over 2 years now for my 6 month check ups.  The place is nice and cozy located in East Side Providence and has a private lot but ample street parking available.  I opt for early morning appointments and never had a problem.  I had three different hygienists and both of them gave my teeth a thorough cleaning with very little pain.  Though if I had a preference I like to stick to my primary one who is always a welcome cause she gives me extra Listerine to rinse with.  Coffee stains and plaque completely cleaned out each time.With relatively painless teeth cleaning I opted to get my remaining two wisdom teeth taken out which had broken out of my gums and caused me great pain as they continued to grow.  I opted for the quick procedure offered here and I believe it was Dr. Rubinstein who worked his magic.  Four quick shots of Novocaine and one pick later, both two wisdom teeth popped right out in less than 10 minutes.  Again completely painless and I was able to go to work afterwards though with a mouth of gauze.  Great staff to work with and friendly phone and email reminders makes this dental office tops.  Definitely a far cry from my early experience and I can't imagine changing dentists now.   I'm definitely glad to make this now part of my routine checkups along with my doctor's.  Dental insurance definitely helps and through my job changes they haven't had a problem with taking Bluecross Blue shield or Delta Dental which I have now.
<review# 131,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/7/2010,8/3/2011,104,60,4,2,6>I have a mancrush on this airport.  There I said it!  I don't care who hears it!  Ha-ha.  Why do I love this airport so much you ask?  Based on my experience with airports, it is by far the easiest to fly in and out of.  In all my years traveling between Orlando and Providence (technically Warwick), I can count on two fingers when the security line was insanely long.  The fares to Providence are usually cheaper than flying into Boston.  I just hop on the latest Southwest flight and roundtrip may cost me between $150 and $250 (prices subject to vary based on dates). Quick tip:  You might want to weigh your options of flying into T.F. Green and renting a car compared to flying into Boston. Especially for short trips.Unlike Orlando International Airport (OIA), T.F. Green doesn't dilly dally (man I thought I'd never actually use those words in a review) with your bags.     I think the longest I had to wait for my bags was 5-6 minutes.  The only upper-hand OIA has on Green is more food options.  You have some slim pickings at T.F.I am sorry OIA that you cannot satisfy me as much as T.F. Green can.  It is not that I don't think you are a great airport.  It's just that T.F. meets my simplistic needs and isn't as complex.  T.F. just gets me!  We will still have Disney right OIA??Oh in case you were curious how the airport got its name...Named after Theodore Francis Green whom served as governor and senator of Rhode Island.WeatherMan Predicts:  70-80% minimal wait time in security lines.  I strongly advise that you eat something prior.  Unless of course you enjoy Dunkin Donuts.
<review# 132,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/19/2011,8/2/2011,55,348,6,5,3>This park is a yuppie's paradise. After struggling through the long, cold, depressing winter months, I know summer is officially here when the farmer's market moves back to Lippit park. Come here with a canvas tote bag, lots of cash, and your sunglasses.  Its best if you just wander around and grab things that strike your fancy. I like getting foods I wouldn't normally buy like beets, parsnips, or oysters. You will find a plethora of vendors selling seasonal vegetables, meats, cheeses, herbs, breads, and even cupcakes! This isn't a huge farmer's market (maybe 20-25 vendors total) so you won't have to spend all morning here to find what you like. About once a month, they also have an arts and crafts market which doubles the number of vendors-- good time to pick up gifts for friends and family. This is a place to see and be seen, so don't come here in your sweatpants! Do your hair and put on an appropriately casual summer outfit from J. Crew. Because about 50% of Providence comes here on Saturday mornings, you are guaranteed to run into somebody you know.
<review# 133,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/25/2011,8/1/2011,149,382,2,5,4>So, I am a new resident of Providence, and was looking for a burger joint to bring my brother and his girlfriend to while they were here on vacation from Florida.  The Ivy Tavern came recommended on Yelp, so since it was in walking distance from my apartment we thought we would give it a try.  I was pleasantly surprised at what a cute place it was.  The waitress (who may have been one of the owners, but I'm not sure) greeted us with a friendly hello and thanked us for coming in (as she had seen us checking out the menu).  The beers were a little pricey for a gal who is still unemployed, so I ordered the cheapest beer (PBR).  They did have a decent amount of beers on draft (if I had more money I would have gotten a dogfish head 60 minute).  I perused the menu (which was also a little pricey, but hey everything sounds pricey when you are on a budget).  The cheapest items were the Ivy burger and the garden burger which were around 9$.  I wasn't in the mood for a traditional burger, and the toppings on the garden burger (aka the accidental purist) sounded phenomenal, so that is what I ordered.  I ordered it with a side of their house made pasta salad.  Everyone else in my party ordered burgers and fries.  When our food came I took one bite out of my "burger" and I was in heaven.  The brie, tomato marmalade, and grilled apples were a scrumptious mix of flavors that could please even the most enthusiastic of carnivores (which I usually am).  I'm sure if you put the same topping on to beef it would be amazing.  The pasta salad was good too, although I added a little bit of vinegar to it because I prefer my pasta salad a bit tangier.  Overall, I was pleased with the service, food, and the price was bearable.
<review# 134,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/21/2010,7/31/2011,92,185,,3,4>I really like Doherty's a lot!  I've been there a handful of times now and have yet to have a bad experience.  The staff is friendly, the menu is big, and the beer list is fantastic!!!  My boyfriend is a member of the beer club, which he'll likely never finish (the beer list is huge!), but it's free and it makes trying new beers more fun!  Also, I love love love the buffalo wings here!  The house buffalo sauce is fantastic!  I would also like to note that a short while back, I called in an order of wings for takeout, and the gentleman on the phone was so friendly, and really made me feel appreciated.  Last night while we were there, the owner (I'm assuming) was talking to the table next to us, and I realized he was the one I spoke to on the phone!  I think it's great that he is that involved in his business!  And it really shows that he cares, because this place is tops!
<review# 135,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/29/2010,7/30/2011,399,1574,2,7,6>I love, love, LOVE Armando's! Besides it being incredibly cheap, the meat is second to none. Even the beef chuck ($2.50/lb) is incredible. You can come in here and get three hefty steak filets for $7. You can get an entire meal for about $12. I'm lucky enough to live across the street from this place so I come here all the time.From the outside, you think.... Bodega? Sure they've got a lot of Goya products, but between the meat and chicken counters and the full-on grocery store, it's a whole lot more than you expect. The meat counter takes up the entire back wall, and is loaded with marinated meats, kabobs, and all different types of sausages and chicken wings. They've got weird stuff like "burnt goat" too, but I'm not that adventurous.Bonus... they have a little deli in the hallway towards the back entrance where you can get sandwiches and different types of lunch.I love Armando's. The meat is always amazing, the produce selection is large and always fresh, they have fresh bread, a cooler section, cereal.. pretty much everything you need. But seriously, get a steak from this place, you won't be disappointed.
<review# 136,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/14/2010,7/29/2011,17,49,3,8,9>When I moved to Providence from the Bay Area, I was utterly unprepared to find myself among hoards of "my people."  I am almost entirely Portuguese, and my mother's mother came here from the Islands--or "The Zilas," as she would say--when she was about my age. I remember my Avozinha as a woman who was always baking, her arms perpetually submerged to the elbows in a basin full of sweet bread dough. She passed away when I was just a kid, and this bakery has all the treats she use to make for me. I've even rediscovered things that I faintly remember from my girlhood--custard-filled pasteis de nata, little tarts filled with bean paste, and rice pudding so thick it's near sliceable. Yum!
<review# 137,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/15/2011,7/28/2011,40,151,3,9,4>We were on our way to Nick's for breakfast this morning when we drove up and found out they were closed... Recently our friend suggested the Liberty Diner to us so we decided to try it out since our favorite breakfast place was unreliable.The Liberty Elm Diner is a hop, skip and a jump from Providence. While driving out there, I was certain that we were not going the right way, but the diner sits a little further away from the road and the sign blended in to its surroundings a litte, but as we approached I recognized the red diner car The Liberty Elm is famous for.The inside is small, but once you are in there it seems to fit a lot of people and not be crowded. We were told we could sit where we wanted and chose a table in the back room. It is painted with blue and yellow metallic paint with a silver strip running through the center of the wall. The diner is known for placing little umbrellas in all the food they serve so in the second room there was some photographs paired with some poetry depicting some manipulated umbrellas. It seemed kinda cheesy, but I guess it was cool that they had some local persons work up. There were a lot of hole in the walls so it looks like they change out the wall decor frequently.A nice lady with pig tails served us and I asked about the house roasted turkey sandwich. She told me the one on the menu came with lettuce, tomato, mayo, etc- the typical sandwich stuff. Then she told me that their diner was featured on the Food Network with Guy Fieri and the sandwich that was featured on their was a turkey sandwich with cilantro mayo, tomato and a baby lettuce blend. Never one to shy away from cilantro, I went for this one. I was puzzled as to why it wasn't listed anywhere on the menu since apparently it is what they are famous for, but whatever...The sandwich was good, but nothing to scream and shout over. My hubby had the grilled cheese with bacon. It tasted exactly like it sounds, cheesy bacon between two pieces of bread. The bread on each of our sandwiches was a little too crispy and it kinda hurt to bite into. Our sandwiches were served with chips. In the end, our bill was $26 for two coffees and two sandwiches. I thought that was a little pricey. In the end, we decided that since it was a bit o a drive from our house, we probably won't come back but that won't stop us from recommending it to others.If someone suggests that we eat there, we would go. But I can't imagine we will go out of our way to eat here again. It was good, but not really worth the drive for us...
<review# 138,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,6/9/2011,7/27/2011,331,340,5,8,3>Im going to do it. Im going to ruffle a few feathers here and just say it... I know, I know, Newporter's will hate me for this, but I gotta do it. Im going to say what Im sure a lot of people are thinking, but just wont say. So here I go: As you will see from my previous post I was in LOVE with this kitchy little place. We went for dinner last night, and um... 45 min for food? When I wait that long for food, I get critical. I got the 1/2 chicken and my mom and sis got their ol' stand-by's the Pad Thai and the Salmon. They LOVED their food. Me? Meh. It was just missing something, and I was STARVING. I was pumped about the caramelized parsnips and got none. Instead, I got caramelized leeks (?). I dunno. The place just seems to be lacking something. And, I guess after 5 months or so of renovations, I thought the whole place was going to be redone. Not just the front room? Dont get me wrong, it LOOKS AMAZING. I was just expecting some greatness after all this time. Sorry guys. Dont hate me.
<review# 139,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/13/2011,7/26/2011,68,635,5,6,5>Crazy?....Like a fox maybe.I was prepared to go there and not like it.  I wanted to go just so I could say, been there, done that.  (he whispers, I will be back)So I do not know the real story on how they got started, and don't care because that is part of the fun.  What we do know is that they are on lots of food shows, they are a point of pride for Rhode Island, they are a pain in the butt to get into during the summer, it is kind of part of the hippy culture, all part of the charm.What I did not know was that they served breakfast.  And if you know me, that is my thing.  So I will be back for that review.  But Alice, off to the burgers.So the two burgers consumed were the: Loco Burger and Whassupy Burger.  No, I did not order them and eat them myself, I had a partner in crime.  First, the Whassupy Burger: Ground beef spiced up intensely with a combination of horseradish, garlic & Worcestershire sauce. Topped with gooey Brie cheese & home-made red onion rings & served on a whole wheat bun. On the side, you'll find some more heat with a wasabi-chipotle mayonnaise.  That by the way is from their menu.  So, sounds kind of crazy right?  I mean, what were they really thinking when this was devised?  It probably went like; "Pinky, I have an idea to take over the world.  Really Brain? Snarf!  Yes Pinky, I will create a burger that is so irresistible that we can drill into their minds and..."  So you get the picture.  This burger, on the face of it, sounds as though it is going to be spicy.  It is spicy, just not hot spicy.  So indulge.  Oh, by the way.  I think whole wheat anything is a crime against nature...but I may be swayed into thinking that maybe they made a deal with Mother Nature on this one.  It was fantastic.So, the Loco Burger.  What little bit I forced my wife to let me taste, was really good.  Hello, I mean really good!  So what was it all about?  Here is the description: Beef, avocado, black beans & cheddar, grilled into a tortilla, with salsa on the side.  Sounds very simple.  Kind of like, shoot, I could do this at home, what is the big whoop?  Well kids, once you go to the house of the master, you will not want to make it at home.  That is all I am saying.  I would tell you what my wife though, but she was not talking.  In fact, she was very focused on the task at had, which was kind of scary come to think about it. So to round it all off for you Rhodies out there that have not yet made the trip...it is WICKED GOOD!So for those that want to know the down side:  You will have to wait to get in.  I went in March and waited about 20 minutes to get to the counter.  I hear in the summer this can be a two hour wait.  I cant confirm that, but it sounds plausible being two blocks from the beach.  No Pepsi.  I think I will start a crusade.  So yes, I opt for water and they do't get the sale.  Free market I guess.  I think I will bring my own Pepsi.
<review# 140,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/11/2011,7/25/2011,44,172,,4,3>Fogland is my absolutely FAVORITE spot to anchor the boat up (or grab a mooring) and spend the night - lulled to sleep by the gentle sway of the water.  It is also a great non-crazy beach to enjoy your Rhode Island summer: boaters and beachers alike.I am personally not a fan of the 'whose music is the loudest' game and 'how many bodies can fit in a 10x10 square' at RI hot spots like Scarborough or ABC...  Fogland is where you go for a peaceful retreat.Off the beaten path on the road towards Sakonnet Vineyards, and an easy stop off to Gray's and the Milk & Honey Bazaar, there are two sides of the beach (or bay if you're in a boat) to choose from: the sheltered water facing north (ie: up and into the bay) or the white sands of the southerly side - not too far from the opening of the bay into the ocean.A few scattered picnic tables and a jungle gym make it family friendly, as well as the more sheltered north beach for tentative swimmers.  Water is warm and (except for after a storm) pretty clear.  Typically there is the option of renting a windsurfer from the 'guy' in the van, including a learners board.Also - a perfect location for a romantic sunset walk, even a not-so-romantic walk on the beach!
<review# 141,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/15/2011,3/10/2012,119,223,,2,3>I went to Jacky's with some family from out of town based on curiosity and a suggestion from a friend that's a local restaurant owner. He RAVED about the decor and the sushi, both of which I have to agree were great. I was SHOCKED by how much thought went into the design and how drastically different this place looked than the Jacky's Galaxie I visited on Mineral Spring Ave. I thought they were under the same ownership. I will definitely be revisiting this place. We started out with killer cocktails and a few apps... of which I ordered the spicy tuna maki roll. Now my husband is not a huge sushi fan and we were practically fighting over the last piece. It's a great place for a fine dining experience with justifiable prices. I am hopeful that people know it's there and choose it over PF Changs...support your local restaurant! You'll be glad you did!
<review# 142,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/5/2011,3/9/2012,55,117,14,4,2>One thing you can say about me is that I do not have my priorities straight. I will pay $5 for a latte, $10 for a drink, $50 for a used alleged designer shirt.... but I balk at the idea of spending money on my hair. Something I wear EVERY FREAKIN DAY! Because of this deep character flaw, in college I had a variety of terrible hair colors my roommate and I concocted over boxed wine. When I was 20 (boxed wine what?) I finally realized this had to stop. I made this brilliant decision because I dyed my beautiful (ish) blonde hair an unflattering shade of blue tinged matte black. Of course, because I was 20 I was pretty darn broke. So I ran to Paul Mitchell Hair School and begged them to fix me. Three years later, I am a loyal follower.Pros: You can walk away with foils, hair cut, blow dry and style for around $50. Your hairstylist (officially titled your DayMaker) does NOT want to screw up, so they try harder. The daymakers are trained on trendy cuts and colors so you'll become a little fashionista. They will fix your box dying disasters for cheap.Cons: You will spend over three hours here and your hair stylist will be at least 15 minutes late for your appointment. They call the hairstylists Day Makers... creepy. Reminds me of Day Walkers. Students graduate in 11-12 months... and don't really start doing hair for the first three so you won't be a regular for long.
<review# 143,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/12/2011,3/7/2012,54,196,2,3,2>The newest fro-yo place in town, and in my opinion, the best!I was super sad when Coldstone on Thayer Street closed, and even though I love the people at Juniper, my husband's non yogurt taste buds were in mourning.  I've heard a few of my friends mention the new Fro-yo world on Thayer street, and finally had a chance to go on mother's day.Walk up to the girls behind the counter and ask for a tasting cup.  It is super small, but will allow you to fill, and refill to your hearts tasting delight. Flavors were delightful - oreo, cake batter, chocolate, vanilla, strawberry kiwi sorbet, plain tart, and more.  You feel like Charlie in the Chocolate factory as you pour the cold mixture into your bowl.  Wanna be crazy?  You can do multiple flavors! Go wild babyNext, you get to add fruits, moochi, cheesecake bits...yes, I said CHEESECAKE BITS...and much more.  The last station has small pieces like yogurt bits, shredded coconut, and my favorite, fruity pebbles.At the end of your stroll of heaven, you approach the counter.  Your fro-yo is placed on a scale, and you are charged based upon weight..I think it was $0.49 per ounce.Generally you will spend about 3-6 dollars, feel like you are 5 again, and squeal with delight as you add various toppings and syrups.Note - you can only use a credit card if your charge is over $5.  And yes, my mom loved it, and said it was the best ending to a mothers day.
<review# 144,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/6/2011,3/6/2012,69,159,,5,2>Yes, I shop at the Price Rite. Why? Because I know fresh meat and produce when I see it... and when I don't see it, I don't buy it. The choices at the Price Rite are limited. They are a grocery depot. At the same time, it's amazing that I can buy as many things as I do for so little money. They say you will cut your grocery bill in half, and that's not just a marketing slogan. My boyfriend's mother buys the tins of Portuguese olive oil I get for $5.99 at the Price Rite for twice that much in Maine (it was her olive oil of choice long before my boyfriend and I moved down here). There are many gems I've found like that. Their deli, although slow, is well worth the wait. There are many known brand choices that are well below normal grocery prices. The greens I can get in the produce department are perfect to feed to my rabbits, because they are cheap and I don't need them to be flawless. Checking out is a challenge on the first of the month and at certain times of certain days. You have to buy (or bring) your own bags and then bag your own groceries. These are all things I've come to accept. Definitely no big deal. Because it's just my boyfriend, myself, and our bunnies, and I buy whole foods for the most part, I spend an average of $100 a week on groceries. I get what I can at the Price Rite, and if something isn't up to snuff or isn't there, I go elsewhere. It has definitely been an excellent resource.
<review# 145,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/15/2011,3/5/2012,12,27,6,6,2>I was hedging on a 4 or 5 star for this place but in reality its one of my favorite places to eat and I get takeout at least every other week. I've been eating here for years and when I lived in NYC for a few years I longed for it as I've never found another Thai restaurant quite as satisfying. I always get Pad Thai, Pineapple Fried Rice and Crispy Zesty shrimp. Then change up with Drunken noodles, Two Lovers, or whatever anybody else wants. The food is always fresh  and delicious. I always get take out because I live a mile away. It can be a bit odd eating in as it isn't ever really crowded but the seem to do a robust business and if you do eat in the service will be great. I am confused why another poster takes issue with the location. Is it in a strip mall next to where Claflin used to be? Yes. Do I care? No. The inside of the restaurant is nicely decorated and always spotlessly clean. I also love that somebody from Cranston thinks there's a problem with the location. Surely there are no restaurants in strip malls in Cranston.......
<review# 146,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/23/2011,3/4/2012,183,84,4,1,3>divey...just the way i like it. Full of old drunks, cheap drinks, and a cheap jukebox. and pool. And you can bring your dog! wear your sweatpants and flip flops, it's cool mang.
<review# 147,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/19/2011,3/3/2012,242,444,2,8,4>Let me start off by saying that I will definitely be returning to this location in the future.  Stopped in here with a bunch of friends on a bar hopping evening and truly wished I had more time to spend.Yes, this is a dive bar.  Is that a bad thing?  Absolutely not.  Captain Seaweed (expertly depicted on the front door of this establishment) must have decorated this place with baubles, paintings, and tchotchkes acquired on his many treacherous adventures across the oceans of the world.  Sharks toting human arms, ancient scrolls, oil painting of ships, tiki roofs, skeletal pirates, and curvaceous mermaids adorn the inner and outer walls of this bar.  Well-lit, the explosion of nautical themed items combined with scattered seating provide for a quirky, interesting, but enjoyable experience.Although it was about 20 degrees outside, many of us went outside to explore and enjoy the open-air seating.  We were surprised to find an outdoor heater and promptly turned it on as we huddled around it.  I would be interested in relaxing out there during appropriate weather and utilize the seclusion it provides from the busy nature of Ives St.  It interests me that there is a residential deck located just above all the action of the outdoor patio for this business. . . I can only imagine what its like to have a nautical/tropical themed backyard as a view.Drinks are ridiculously cheap here. . . offers of $1 Captain Seaweeds Lager and a $2 glasses of mysterious concoctions labeled "Comment" and "No Comment" are sure to go easy on the wallet.  With friends who live in the area, this place is perfect to walk to and grab a beverage.  Who cares about who makes up the crowd?  We are all there to get a beer and maybe enjoy some time with friends.
<review# 148,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/22/2011,3/2/2012,40,151,,3,2>Yes- this is a Providence BEST! If you are a local and haven't been- get your butt over there ASAP! If you want to impress visiting friends or family- take them here!Loie Fuller's is a Louisianan inspired restaurant that really gets it right! Being a southerner living in New Englad- I've been to a ton a places than claim to be southern inspired and honestly- I've never been inspired to revisit them. But Loie Fuller's is top notch! There shrimp and grits are out of this world! Okay, Okay hold on- I'm getting ahead of myself.So brunch- I've had it s few times and everything I've had is soo good. The menu changes so I've had some things that aren't on there any longer but they are all so good. The hash browns are always on the menu and they are sooo good. I know this is going to sound weird but here is how they are best described: they are like a dense hockey puck full of potato! NOM NOM NOM NOM! Most of the Brunch items are served with a small salad of fresh greens and it is always a perfect compliment to your main course.Dinner- alright folks- get ready to have a happy mouth and belly! You can not go wrong if you start your meal out with the cajun shrimp! These saucy little babies are like a big bite of New Orleans! The polenta fries are heavy but if you share them with someone you'll be sure to finish them all! When my husband and I go- we usually get a table full of starters and then order some salads- we love it his way- but the entrees are delish as well- You can not go wrong ordering the Pistachio Ravioli!My favorite things about Loie's though, is the decor. Everything on the walls are beautifully painted and there tables, chairs and bar all match perfectly. If you want to see they style of the place- its kinda Art Deco meets Rococo- go to their website. You can also get an idea of what's on their menu that season!
<review# 149,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/21/2011,3/1/2012,86,152,6,4,2>I cannot believe I never reviewed this place.Okay, sure, the restaurant looks like it was designed by Mike Brady. But in an area that's teeming with generic Greek-style pizza, this place is very special. I just love the large, rectangle pizza... Well done, nice and crispy. I like it MUCH better than Caserta's, which works out for me because Twin's is closer. The wait for a pizza can be long, up to an hour for takeout, so call early.
<review# 150,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/28/2012,2/29/2012,131,218,2,3,1>I'm a huge fan of La Laiterie, so it pains me not to give this place five stars.  And maybe if you're just judging their cheese selection, Farmstead does deserve five stars. But here's the deal on their sandwiches and service:Pros1. Unique sandwiches you can't get anywhere else in Providence (i.e. mole pulled pork, chicken with ginger squash jam, etc.)2. Amazing homemade pickles3. Lard chips. Enough said.Cons1. All the sandwiches kind of taste the same (maybe it's because they all use the same Seven Stars durum rolls?)2. Weird vibe. Seriously, every time I go here, the staff just seems kind of cold and indifferent.  I know they're busy, especially during the lunch rush, but they act like they're doing ME a favor by selling me one of their sandwiches.  Once I asked if I could try the soup of the day before buying it, and the woman who stands at the front podium looked at me like I had two heads.  I ended up getting the soup (butternut squash with bacon, which was amazing by the way), but it was just very strange.Still, a nice lunch spot if you don't mind the 'tude!
<review# 151,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/22/2012,7/20/2012,72,191,,3,3>Stopped by here today with a friend seeing as I've heard only good things from a couple people. I tried the sushi lunch combo which came with a piece of tuna, salmon, white tuna ,mackerel and six pieces of California roll. This lunch combo also came with a soup, all for 9.50. I also ordered a single piece of yellow tail which was amazing. The sushi was tasty and rapped perfectly. The hot and sour soup hit the spot. My friend was gracious enough to let me try a sweet egg bun that she ordered and I'm so glad I did. It was perfectly sweet and soft. Our waters were filled in a timely manor and the service is as friendly as can be. One thing is for sure, "I'll be back"!
<review# 152,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/15/2012,7/19/2012,30,75,6,5,5>Okay, full disclosure: I don't usually shop here. It's a little too far from my house and a little too pricey, over-all. I mean, its not THAT far, nor that pricey, it just so happens that I live very close to a much cheaper place (I.M. Gan on Warwick Ave). But I still like to pop into this place every once and a while when I'm right in the village and in need of libations. They have an impressive collection of "craft" and hard to find beers (seaweed ales, smoked beers, gluten free, etc) The staff seems pretty knowledgeable about their inventory as well. Decent wine selection. I do miss the days when this was Cameron's Pharmacy and you could pick up band-aids, prescription drugs, the current issue of vanity fair, a bottle of Gin, a lotto ticket, pay your over-due gas bill and mail a letter to aunt Clara all at the same time; but alas, that train has sailed. There are precious few places like THAT around anymore -but this place does still have a "neighborhood" feel about it.  The wife and I ran in last Friday evening to pick up a bottle of 'Kelpie' Seaweed Ale, and we ran into what at first blush seemed to be a wine tasting, but upon closer inspection was really a friendly gathering of older suburban ladies getting quite tipsy on free wine. I'm sure it started out as a very proper and informative tutorial and sales pitch- but you know how it goes, it was Friday night, there was all this wine...next thing you know everyone was blurting out off-color remarks rather loudly and spilling Malbec down their shirt-fronts- -it was wonderful!
<review# 153,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/19/2012,7/18/2012,41,226,2,2,3>If I could rate Ky again and again I would! He is an absolute artist and I have never left disappointed! I'm updating my review because I think it's worthwhile to promote the work he does. My latest adventure: going blonde from my nearly black natural color. Ky is a man with a plan: he can assess the situation and put together a plan of attack to get the desired results without compromising the health or integrity of your hair. I walked out Friday with phase 1 of my transformation to blonde complete, and the compliments have been endless. He is the absolute best!Since my reviews have focused on Ky, I do want to take a moment to say there is an amazing team dynamic at the salon and all the stylists are there to help each other and support as needed. Additionally, all are extremely friendly and welcoming, whether you are their client or Ky's.
<review# 154,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/4/2012,7/17/2012,40,40,23,19,18>Oh Beef Barn, I love you so much. I'm only echoing things said by other Yelpers (and said best by my very dear friend Steph F.), but whatever, I do what I want, you're not my real dad.THINGS I LOVE ABOUT YOU, BEEF BARN:- The prices are insane. Oh, hello cheeseburger for less than $5, how are you. Get in my mouth.- The pickles are gigantic and they'll cut them however you want. Chips? You got it. Spears? Sure! Whole? Duh. Shaped like paper dolls all holding hands? Okay, they'll probably draw the line there. - They only have two types of dressing, and those types are "Italian" and "French," and that's really all you need. Get out of here with your damned "Sesame Ginger Vinagrette" silliness.- The chicken coop.- You can order whatever you want "special" which means it comes with a small salad and a small serving of fries on a sectioned plate! A sectioned plate!!- Their milkshakes are to die for.- Peanut butter pie, grape-nut pudding, apple turnovers, omg desserts so many desserts.- The service is the kind I like: leisurely (they'll get to you when they feel like it), brusque, to-the-point, but pleasant. No coddling here. No "my name is --- and I'll be taking care of you." I'm not sure why anyone would expect anything else from a tiny local establishment. Look around and then get over yourselves.- Your food gets to you in approximately twenty seconds. And it's good.THINGS YOU SHOULD KNOW BEFORE YOU TAKE THE EXTRAORDINARILY LONG TRIP DOWN 146 AND THEN COMPLAIN ABOUT IT:- It's cash only. It's cash only it's cash only it's cash only. And it says so on the signs posted all over the place. Don't be a jerk and complain to the waitress when you "discover" it's CASH ONLY.- It's local. It's enjoyed by locals. It's staffed by locals. It's the kind of place where everyone expects you to be a local, too, and therefore looks at you a little funny when you don't know the things they know. Expect it and accept it. It's part of the charm.- Order whatever you want "special." Remember what I said: the servings of salad and fries are SMALL. If you want more fries, order more fries. The prices are cheap. - Nothing comes on the sandwiches unless you ask for it. "Roast beef" is "roast beef," not "roast beef with lettuce tomato mayo onions etc." - PICKLES.
<review# 155,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/11/2012,7/16/2012,53,70,2,3,3>What a fun place!  I love sitting at the bar with the ice trough where my oysters can happily wait for me.  The bartenders have always been friendly and helpful.Food-wise, I've had oysters, some of their bento boxes, and the fish & chips.  All have been top notch though the portions on the boxes are a little small.  Prices aren't very steep though so adding an extra app or sharing an entree is very doable.I love any reason to go to Ama's.  The Avery across the street for a before or after drink is an added bonus.
<review# 156,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/20/2012,7/15/2012,231,95,7,7,6>Fresh chicken, strangely sweet french fries AND all for under $12?! Yes please.When someone first told me that they were taking me to a giant banquet restaurant in the middle of nowhere, I was a little skeptical and even when we got to the place, I was still very cautious.And then I got a nice whiff of that rotisserie chicken in the parking lot, it was absolutely delectable.I've got to warn you all, this place is THE hot spot for this area of Rhode Island. By this I mean expect a wait of at least half an hour on usually "slow" nights and even longer on the weekend or holidays. Also note that they only take reservations for groups of 10 or more.Good thing the drinks at the bar are wicked cheap and they have TV's everywhere.The way it works is pretty simple:- Sit down- Order your drink- Decide if you want unlimited chicken or steak- Chomp awayThey bring out salad, which has a decent dressing and rolls, which are meh.Soon after, they'll bring out everything else: the chicken, the pasta and the ever-so-tasty french fries. The chicken and french fries are the more memorable thing here. Chicken is always fresh and moist while the french fries have a very unique sweetness to them that I'm still trying to figure out. I've never gotten dessert here because I've been too full from eating my weight in chicken.It's one of the most Rhode Island-y things you can do but I promise it'll be memorable.
<review# 157,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/29/2011,7/14/2012,193,262,,4,2>I'd visited the Hose Company about a year ago and had a dinner special. It was a salad appetizer, entree, and sides. This time around, I feel the menu was a bit different. My friend and I opted to partake in their half off apps (at the bar) over dining in the back. I admit I was impressed at their large selection of half off apps! (Maybe only to be rivaled by McCormick & Shcmick's discounted app menu). They offered items like stuffies, pizza, and combo platters -of onion rings, mozzarella sticks, and the like.We ordered a bunch, and turned out to be far to much food. The portions were big.  The quality of the food was suffering though. The BBQ pizza seemed to be topped with Frank's Red Hot, and the chicken was "eh". The Greek pizza was a bit better and the fried apps weren't bad but nothing to write home about. They've got a full bar. I ordered the 24oz house margarita. I'm a small person, so I like to pace my drinking, but I did wish there were more booze in my drink. I like to feel a little toasty after my first drink to get the ball rolling. I ended up following it up with a beer. The Bartender and waitress were very personable. They engaged in small conversation and we had a few laughs. I give Hose Co. four stars for their decor/shtick and for their incredibly (and awesomely, I might add) reasonable/low prices. Just to give you an idea, PBR on tap was something like $1.79. They've got TV's if you feel inclined to watch some sports. I recommend this restaurant if you don't have a ton of expectations and/or are on a budget! :D
<review# 158,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/17/2012,7/13/2012,47,156,1,3,2>I went to my first-ever Bikram Yoga class at OSBY last night, and I was pretty impressed.  I'm actually quite sore today, so I really felt like I got a good workout in.  I've only taken a couple formal yoga classes, and none for about seven years.  Usually I find yoga to be a bit boring, so I never seek it out.  I like the way I feel afterward, but in the moment, I make grocery lists and to-do lists in my head.  This class actually kept me engaged and I felt like a limp noodle afterward.  I don't think this could be my primary exercise (I'm a runner), but I'm going to try to go one-to-two times a week.  The staff were incredibly friendly and welcoming, which was good because I was very nervous.  The facility was clean, well-organized with plenty of changing rooms and cubby holes to stash your stuff.  The class included people of all levels, so I didn't feel like too much of a dumbass, and the instructor was very helpful though a bit hard to understand at times.
<review# 159,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/5/2012,7/12/2012,42,205,,5,4>I'm so excited about the food I was served last night at Persimmon, I'm getting up early to write this.  Certainly the best meal I have had in recent memory. The Scallop Crudo, delicate and bright sweet flavors brought out all the best notes of the perfectly fresh shellfish. Only to be outdone by the just so pink and warm Pheasant. The caramel skin, rich and silky fat, and pleasantly hearty bird married with soft roasted mushroom sauce. Had the rest of my party not just finished their plates as well, I may have ordered a second serving. Bravo maestro, bravo.
<review# 160,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/16/2012,7/11/2012,26,150,2,2,2>This is a great place. My younger sister and I went for restaurant week and it was delish. We had such a beautiful view of the water. It was a really enjoyable meal. So when it came to my birthday I decided I wanted to go there for celebratory dinner. I had the steamed lobster. Holy, Moly! It was so good. I even wore the bib without any shame. Our waitress was awesome she kept the soda water coming. For Apps we had the bag of doughnuts and the crab cakes. Wow. It was very memorable and a great way to ring in a new year.
<review# 161,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/15/2013,2/15/2014,31,80,,7,2>I've bought into the trend for green smoothies and this place makes a tasty green powerhouse for 2 dollars less than wildflour! No complaints on this front. Cozy tables for 2 and magnetic scrabble on an old school fridge lend instant charm. Excellent friendly service, free wifi, and a tempting cafe menu means I'll be back soon :).
<review# 162,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/23/2013,2/14/2014,30,39,2,6,4>This is really a no-thought sort of bar - as in, why not? Let's make it easy, let's do The WC! That is unless you are looking to have more of a "fancy" night because this is definitely a casual dress pub.  And...that's just how I like it these days! The crowd is really all over the place, so anyone will fit right on in.  I love anywhere with a pool table and darts.  I've been to this bar with a group and it was great, and, I've been there alone and had a great time.  People were really eager to talk! Bar service is really quick.Food totally works for what it's supposed to be - bar food, probably best if your focus is on drinking/happy hour and need to eat.
<review# 163,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/5/2013,2/12/2014,231,95,,6,3>So many treasures, so little time!I was introduced to the magic that is RIAM by my boyfriend's mom, an avid antiquer. The first time I visited, I spent about 3 hours just browsing. These days, I've been able to convince the bf (Ryan D.) to make more frequent visits to this trasure trove of old awesomeness. I think that fact that he found a leather-bound Marvel book for $12 made him a believer. The selection is massive. There are so many vendors at this place that anything you are collector of, there is probably a booth filled with it. Word of advice: Know what you need ahead of time. You can get overwhlemed with everything so coming in with a mission helps. Also, unlike antique places on Thayer and Wickenden, this place has massive parking  and it's right off of the highway: win-win.
<review# 164,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/7/2013,2/11/2014,15,113,1,5,4>I love this store! There are always beautiful flowers and cool plants inside, and the ambiance is so fresh and warm and inviting. The staff have been wonderful and Ive been really impressed with their arrangements and their details. I went to a wedding that they had done the arrangements for, and it was stunning, classic and yet modern, and stunning! I saw some of the negative reviews below and they seem very extreme and a little confusing to me given my experience. Not sure what that is about, but I totally recommend these people! They are way underrated!
<review# 165,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/30/2013,2/10/2014,94,40,14,14,10>Lets get this straight. Though you may have had homegirl (thats me,) pegged for having various ethnicities flowing through her veins, truth be told, I have more portuguese in me than Obama's water dog.  With that said, homegirl yearns for that portuguese flavor.  The seafood, the meat, the peppers, the baked goods-i got that picante flavor, and so does Portugalia Imports. I have been to  Portugalias previous location and was a fan from the start.  Now they have a fully renovated store down the street that is absolutely fabulous.  State of the art, yet maintaing the warmth and culture of Portugal/Azores.  They blow away the other family markets in town.  They have everything traditional to quality portuguese food.  Dried beans (etc.), wines, seafood market, meat market, a bakery, pickled goods, traditional platers, and much much more.  And yes, everyone is portuguese.  If you have a problem with that-  go to Wholefoods with your reusable bags, sip your 2 pumps, extra whip dulce de creme, and sport a argyle kerchief.  Homegirl had to get that off her chest.  Today we bought morcela (blood sausage).  It was divine.  Thats right. I just called herbed blood, stuffed in pig intestines divine- and i mean it.  I fell hard for this morcela.  My heart palpitated.  My mouth salivated. After it was lightly browned on the stovetop, I puckered up, took a bite, and turned into a blood sucking vampire.  Had homegirl known that the trade off in becoming a vampire meant hibernation from sunlight, and pan seared morcela by moonlight, I would have joined Team Edward from the get-go.
<review# 166,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/29/2013,2/9/2014,14,54,3,7,4>I cannot say enough nice things about The Grange. We went here last night for a celebration dinner (this kid just got a new job), so we started with some cocktails.  I questioned some of the concoctions on the paper, but decided to try something new. OMG I am so glad I did. I'm normally not a big drinker, but over the course of dinner, I ordered three different cocktails just to keep trying new ones. The Food.  THE FOOD. We shared two small plates as an appetizer - the fried green tomatoes and wok fried green beans. The tomatoes were delicious, perfectly fried, with a crunchy kohlrabi salad on top. I almost wished i hadn't promised to share with my husband because I wanted to keep eating. And the beans were really fresh, and a mix of different type of long beans. For the entree, I got the mushroom risotto. I'm not normally a big mushroom fan, but I LOVE risotto, so I figured I'd try it out. AMAZING. There were crispy peeled rainbow carrots (I think from local Four Town Farm) on top, with some perfectly roasted shallots on the side. The shallots added a really nice sweetness. There was good mushroom flavor without a ton of huge pieces of mushroom (my husband appreciated the bigger pieces...). My husband got the Po' Boy, which he raved about. I was too full for dessert. I absolutely had no room left. But then they brought the dessert menu, and I heard myself ordering the chocolate plate. Chocolate cake, chocolate mousse, chocolate mint sauce, and chocolate brownie ice cream with a little whipped cream. The guys at the table next to us heard us "MMmmmm'ing" and "OMG'ing" about our dessert and said we had convinced them to save some room.  The only thing I wasn't super into was the little piece of cake, but I'm not normally a cake person, so I won't blame The Grange.  (Note for vegans: when we went, all of the desserts were vegan)I left so full, when I got home, I had to lay down. But it was so worth it. Also, I love that they have a cozy waiting lounge with comfy chairs and some swings. It's a really nice touch. The place was hoppin' when we arrived, but we just cozied up in the lounge, ordered a drink, and before we knew it, they had made a table available for us.   The ambiance of the place in general is amazing. Cozy, kind of hip, but not so hip it's unapproachable for a square like me.  Our waitress was super-friendly and very attentive. The food & drinks were prompt, but not so prompt that I felt like I was being rushed. I'll definitely be back!!!
<review# 167,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/25/2013,2/7/2014,46,696,4,13,10>The new Arcade providence preserves a national historic landmark and enhances it with a modern concept.  The first floor of the nation's oldest indoor shopping mall has cute retail shops and restaurants, while the second and third floors will be home to residents of 48 micro-lofts--small, efficiently designed living spaces.A great highlight...no pun intended is the beautiful Center hallway atrium.    This atrium serves as the main thoroughfare for foot traffic between Weybosset and Westminster streets.Currently a nice coffee shop, a bike shop and several clothing and jewelry retail business are open and bustling with customers.
<review# 168,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/15/2013,2/6/2014,81,227,8,9,6>You know how in these days of social media and people with too much time on their hands, someone can upload a funny video to YouTube and within 15 minutes it can become the most talked about thing and your friends will stare at you in disbelief when you say you haven't seen it like it's Reservoir Dogs or something?Well Succotash is like that funny cat video. It went from not existing to being the most talked about breakfast place in town almost overnight. And unlike that funny cat video, when you finally check it out you won't be disappointed.The food is great. It's got a southern theme overall but I don't know how accurate it is. It's more like their spin on some well known Southern dishes but ultimately this is for a RI brunch audience. So you have chicken and waffles, biscuits and gravy, but then all sorts of eggs benedict and other typical brunch fare. Everything I've eaten from here, every time, has been excellent. Being a good brunch spot they also have some boozy options. Thankfully these go beyond bloody mary's and mimosas. I hate everything in a bloody mary except the vodka, and mimosas are a little too girly for me. But at Succotash I can get all sorts of breakfast-appropriate cocktails to begin a good weekend day-drunk.The only downside to Succotash is that there can be a pretty long wait for breakfast, especially on a weekend. This is true of all the popular brunch spots (see Nicks, Julians, Brickway, La Rue, etc. etc.). The last time I was there it was close to an hour and a half between the time I showed up and the time I got my food. I strongly recommend making a reservation on their website before going down there.
<review# 169,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,11/30/2013,2/5/2014,23,268,3,8,4>I'd been hearing great things about Vanity and I drive by this place pretty often as I live close by. So, when I saw a Living Social for this place I couldn't help but give it a whirl. On a Friday night my husband and I were the only couple sitting down for dinner. I wasn't sure if this was a good or bad thing... but we sat nonetheless. I started out with a libation. Meyer Lansky to be precise. It was pretty good but didn't really line up with what was described on the menu. There wasn't much grape to the drink at all but it did have a strong basil flavor. It was good- just not what I expected.To start off we went with the Pierogie Pillows. These were filled with mushroom, brown butter, brussel sprouts, peppered bacon, and sour cream. These were pretty good but VERY rich and a little greasy. Pretty reasonably priced at $10. For my dinner I went with the Chicken Marsala. The Chicken was wrapped in prosciutto, placed atop a bed of mashed potatoes with overdone asparagus and had a mushroom marsala demi put all over the top. The mushrooms seemed like they were dehydrated and then reconstituted and had a weird texture. The mushroom marsala demi was really really sweet, like grape jelly sweet. I enjoyed the mashed potatoes which had just the right flavor and texture. I can most definitely say that I will not be ordering this if I go back again. $22 for a chicken dish my hopes were much higher for this one. I will say our host/server was really friendly and courteous which was pretty awesome. I didn't catch his name but he really did do a great job. He checked in just enough, offered suggestions on what we should eat and shared the specials with us all the while juggling the host desk and the other guests who came in after we did. I loved the atmosphere here too.
<review# 170,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/23/2013,2/4/2014,142,225,,6,4>Maybe it was the heavy rotation of Tribe Called Quest, with a dose of CL Smooth and Luniz thrown in.  Might have been the thick, savory sauces in evidence again.  Could have been the quality portions returning. Possible the full flavors at the fore.  Mighta been the Southern Tier Pumking on tap. But regardless, Harry's seems to have returned to its strengths, and their core competencies make the place enjoyable and repeatable again.  I'm pleased, and I suspect you will be too. I know my kids are, and so are my friends.  That's a pretty fair sample of quality enjoyment.  Come on back now, ya hear?
<review# 171,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/30/2013,4/28/2013,81,361,2,5,3>Love the space!  You feel completely at home even before the door is open.  The porch swings in the lounge area -- very clever touch.  I also particularly like the planters that are stacked on the walls like shelves.  All the details from the tables, chairs, community table and their chairs, and the metal barstools, and the table decore -- all it thoughtfully done.  I loved most the touch of the blackboard above the kitchen that gave information from that day in teh Farmer's Almanac, as well as what the Grange has meant in our society.  The Grange is a place of coming together of community.  The food is vegetarian or vegan.  You do not want to come expecting a steak.  For sipping drinks, I tried the cocktail (sorry I can't remember the name) with lemon and St. Germain with thyme syrup.  It was a delicious taste of spring, almost like a lemonade that you'd enjoy on the porch while watching the sunset.  For eats, I had the beet salad and the deviled eggs.  If I didn't know for sure that there was no bacon in the eggs, I would have thought there was.  Some of the best deviled eggs that I've ever had.  The beet salad that had grapefruit and flash-fried herbs was light, earthy, and delicious.  We treated ourselves to deserts -- one was an apple tart with coconut milk ice cream and the other was a chocoloate tart with espresso coconut milk ice cream .  The chocolate dessert was AMAZING!  I look forward to going back.  Totally a place where you can relax with friends.
<review# 172,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/28/2013,4/27/2013,193,262,,4,2>Fantastic place! Most RI-ers know of Jackie's Galaxy which has multiple locations around the state, but this is their "high end" location downtown. The short of it all is the service is impeccable, the decor is classy, there's a bar, sushi bar, and a dining area (as well as party area), and the food is fantastic! I've been here twice already and want to go back. I can't say which dish is the best, but everything I've had here (about 4 appetizers and several entrees) has been to die for!Great place for a date or a family/friends event!
<review# 173,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/2/2013,4/26/2013,61,120,2,2,2>I needed a little midday pick me up and wandered on in to LaSalle Bakery figuring that I could do some one-stop shopping: get some food, get some caffeine, and get a sweet treat for later. Done, done, and done.My food: an eggplant parm calzone. As I had plans to eat it there, the employee was nice enough to offer to heat it up for me in the back. It came out only semi-warm, but I appreciated his gesture. It was very tough to eat with a paltry plastic fork (and I couldn't even find a knife). I went to grab some napkins, which they were out of, and after asking for some, I finally resorted to picking up the calzone to eat with my hands. I mean, it's a bakery and that is what one does with most bakery items anyway, right?My caffeine: a small hazelnut iced coffee. The employee and I had some confusion over whether I was ordering one or two coffees ("Was it Hazelnut? And Hazelnut chocolate? Just the one? With cream and sugar?"). Fortunately, that all got straightened out. The hazelnut was good, and I am sure that hazelnut chocolate also would have been good had I also received it.My sweet treat for later: an almond croissant. Massively sized so it actually ended up being two sweet treats. It was great, although I like anything with almond. Perfect flaky crust though, so thumbs up for that.Was it a perfect service experience? No, but it was well-intentioned and the product was great. There were a lot of customers coming in and out so they clearly do some solid business. Hooray for the window counter and an even bigger hooray for the outside tables come the spring and summer.
<review# 174,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/18/2013,4/25/2013,73,433,2,5,3>Sun and Moon is a humble little restaurant in a somewhat less favorable section of town but its definitely worth venturing into. The staff are so sweet and friendly and the menu has tons of Korean favorites. It's a good place to meet up with friends, take your date or even the whole family.The decor isn't the fanciest. In fact, it's pretty bare bones and slightly divey but all of that just adds to the ambiance, in a good way.The bibimbap is my favorite even if it is a little pricey but the complimentary banchan help make up for it a bit. Those delicious Korean pickled cucumbers are amazing!If you come for bibimbap, I'd skip the shrimp; it's those tiny little shrimp and not worth the $2 upcharge. The bulgogi bibimpbap however, definitely made my husband very happy.It does get quite busy on the weekends so if you're coming with a larger party, a reservation is highly recommended. Two people can usually snag a seat somewhere at any time.PS It gets HOT in there. Like, ooh I kinda feel woozy it's so warm in here....so dress accordingly if you're sensitive to extreme temperatures like I am.
<review# 175,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/11/2013,4/24/2013,31,133,2,3,2>Breakfast is apparently where it's at for Nick's.  I went here for dinner with some colleagues who were in Providence on business.  Four of us ate dinner and all four of us loved everything we had.  I even tried the monkfish and I'm not normally a seafood eater.  It would seem difficult to find a menu item that is not prepared with an incredible amount of care from soups & salads all the way to dessert.  I'm excited to try the breakfast/lunch items, as I'm sure it will be just as delicious as dinner.  Great little spot on Broadway!
<review# 176,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/7/2013,4/23/2013,183,84,4,4,2>I am basing these here 5 stars on Nam Yaa.  Otherwise known on the menu as "medicine soup," this is my go-to shiz every time.  With the first chill of fall, I got excited to eat this stuff.  I've been sick for 3 weeks.  It would have been 1 week if I remembers to get Nam Yaa right off the bat.  I finally ate some 2 nights ago.  I'm better now.  No joke.  This is my new Jewish penicillin, the new hot & sour, the new go and eat it just because it's delicious and I want it all the time.  It's sweet.  It's spicy. It dribbles off my chin and stains all my shirts.  So that's my review.  5 stars.  Based on soup. Get some, kiddies!       oh, the rest of the menu is kinda take it or leave it.  Like, you know, it's good and all, and super convenient,  but the soup is where it's at.
<review# 177,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/4/2013,4/22/2013,231,95,2,2,3>Quite a little gem on North Main Street! I had no idea this place existed until last month's Yelp Shops Local event. This cozy little shop has some really great items from some unique brands. Natalie, the owner, is one of my favorite people. She handpicks the pieces and accessories in the shop. For you ladies who are looking for Forever 21 prices, this is not the place for you. But keep in mind, these clothes will also not disintegrate the first time you wash them. You're paying for quality and it's soooooo worth it.I bought an amazing dress here from a designer in London (on sale!) for my new job in Boston and I've gotten so many compliments on it. The most impressive part? I saw Natalie at another Yelp event a few weeks later and she not only remembered my name but she also remembered the dress I bought and asked how my new job is going. Love!Oh Shoppe Pioneer, I love you.
<review# 178,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/27/2013,4/21/2013,40,151,2,2,4>Okay, so it took me a while (3 years) to get over to Ivy Tavern to try a burger. I've read so many amazing Yelp reviews about this place, but I never took the time to notice that it is right on Hope St., a mere 5 minutes from my house! This whole time I was thinking it was in downcity somewhere and I would have to struggle to find parking. That is the real reason I've avoided Ivy. If I'd only known how many wonderful meals have I missed all these years!!So here are the deets:This Ivy is a sweet little bar tucked in a strip on stores on Hope Street right next to Blaze and the Pizzeria place. It is very small when you walk in and it sells itself as a sports bar, but according to my husband who is well aware of what a "real sports bar is", Ivy is merely a great bar with awesome food and drinks that you can "choose to watch sports in". What he means is there are only 2 or 3 25" or so TV's in the joint. A REAL sports bar had at least 8 and they are at least 52" according to my cowboy! So, you might be a little disappointed if you go here on a sunday afternoon looking for beer and a game. Most people in Ivy are there for the food.So, speaking of food, we split a hamburger, because they are so big! We also opted for the pasta with the burger and ordered an appetizer of chili cheese fries. There is no reason for two orders of fries, right? (wrong!) Anyway, the chili cheese fries were pretty good. I'd give them 4 out of 5 stars. The best part was that even though it was chili cheese (seriously, sounds like an artery clogger on a plate, doesn't it?) the fries weren't greasy AT ALL! In fact, the chili had so many veggies in it, it tasted more like a vegetable soup than actual chili. The fries were also no greasy! Can you believe that? Seriously, we expected to feel pretty gross after eating them and we both felt surprisingly okay!Now on to the burger. Oh, the burger. I am dead serious when I say that this burger puts all other burgers in RI to shame. The hamburger at Ivy is like the Coco Chanel of burgers. Seriously! My husband and I talked to our waiter about it because this isn't just your plain ol' 80/20 meat blend y'all! And it is too juicy to be 93/7 sirloin. It is definitely a blend of different meats. We aren't sure but we think there is some rib-eye meat in there. That's how it tastes so juicy and clean at the same time. Anyway, if all the positive reviews don't get you over to the Ivy, I don't know what will, but you are missing a true Rhody treasure. Oh, and I agree with other reviewers that the burgers are better simple. We only added cheese to ours and it was so devine!
<review# 179,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/25/2013,4/20/2013,77,163,2,3,2>Definitely my new favorite bar. Such a genius idea to put a speak easy type place in the heart of a shitty area. Low rent = cheap drinks! And I'm not talking any kind of drinks. These are classic cocktails made well with love that you can get for as low as $5. Can't beat that. The decor is beautiful of course, like all of his other bars. The customer service is on point as well. Lots of seating at the bar and along the wall. I just love this place.
<review# 180,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/20/2013,4/19/2013,31,82,,6,4>I love Bottles because I can take my dogs in. Pet friendly = I'm there! They have a decent selection of Wines from all over. The beer cooler is always stocked but its not as diverse. They do although have beers and ciders and other beverages set out-just not cold. I like cold drinks. They also have the hard stuff although I don't cruise that section but it looks nice from the wine department. The staff has always been helpful in my selection process. They also have great deals. I found one of my favorite wines for under $10! SCORE! They do wine and beer tastings every  week AND they have a rewards system. You have to spend a ridiculous amount of money on booze-BUT when you do-it pays off. You don't need to carry a card so you don't have to worry about looking like an alcoholic if someone sees your keys. Just give them your phone number. You can also sign up for emails for Bottles events and other fun stuff. Cheers!
<review# 181,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/23/2013,5/29/2013,40,210,3,4,2>This is my favorite library in the greater Providence area.  The selection is great, and the library feels open, spacious, and clean.  It is easy to find what you are looking for.  Of particular interest to me is that the SciFi-Fantasy section is one of two book types arrayed around the circular computer section in the center of the library, making for very easy browsing.  Either because the library isn't very busy or they are great at keeping up with their book orders they always have an extensive selection of new fiction (which you can only check out for 10 days).There is a lot of seating spread around the library, although plugs for laptops are few. This library has at least 20 computers so there is always space available if you didn't bring your own.  One particularly nice feature is that even though it is only one floor, the teen's section is closed off and the kid's section is on the other side of the front desk/bathroom areas, so the library is quiet even when children are using it.  Bonus:  I've never run into anyone super smelly or shady at this library!
<review# 182,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/12/2013,5/28/2013,239,181,4,4,4>This is the place to really go if you want to spoil your dog. Normally I wouldn't think of going ultra organic for my dog, but hey they love human food so why not, right?Look at those ingredients, you could honestly eat some of this food haha.Service is unquestioned at a small boutique like this, that personal touch is so nice after going to so many big box and department stores.And be prepared to get some extra treats at checkout.
<review# 183,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/29/2012,5/27/2013,28,340,,5,2>Finally got around to trying Boss Man Burgers in their new Middletown location. I thought it was great, they have a good number of specialty burgers and a ton of toppings if you decide to go your own way. I created a double cheeseburger with jalapenos, mushrooms, onions, etc. and it was delicious. It's nice that they put the burger on a decent-sized bun so all of the toppings stay on the burger. I also had their buffalo fries and while the fries were tasty, they glopped the blue cheese dressing on top of them and after eating half of them I started to scrap the dressing off. I think the fries would be better with the blue cheese on the side so you could dip the fries.Service was friendly - you order at the counter, sit down, and they serve your food once it's ready. The associates working the front walked us through the menu as it was our first time, and throughout the meal asked if everything was ok. They don't offer beer but if they did, it would make this place even that much better!
<review# 184,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/17/2013,5/26/2013,27,126,3,4,2>Have you ever given a place 5 stars on Yelp and then soon after found a very similar place that you like even better? It doesn't make you like the old place any less, it just makes you want to give the new place 5.5 stars. Taco La Mexicana is the second taco stand in Pawtucket that I've found after Tacos Don Nacho and while I'm a big fan of Taco Nacho, Taco La Mexicana has it beat on nearly every level. The portions aren't as big, but that's probably a good thing. You get a nice sized, manageable lunch. The prices are a bit better. The menu is bigger. The neighborhood is a pinch less sketchy (I've never had a homeless guy puke on the side of my truck like I had happen at Taco Nacho). The food is a little bit better. The only thing that Taco La Mexicana doesn't have is a fake horse and rider making the stand look like a carriage, so it's a little less noticeable. It's impossible not to compare the two since they are so similar. I like them both and will gladly swing by either for lunch. But if I had to pick between the two I'd go to Taco La Mexicana without hesitation.
<review# 185,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/19/2013,5/25/2013,78,67,3,5,3>A welcome addition to the PVD froyo scene! And right in my hood...They do not have as many toppings to choose from as a certain Thayer Street competitor, but a little over 40 is certainly nothing to sneeze at! There's a nice variety of healthy vs. decadent: lots of fruit options and chocolate/candy type toppings. The staff is really friendly and let me sample 3 different flavors of froyo (all super tasty!) before I settled on one. 8 rotating flavors in all--yum. The store is cute, colorful, and clean, and I love the rainbow of spoons.I can picture many long summer walks happily ending with a trip to Fruitzzy!
<review# 186,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/18/2013,5/24/2013,53,70,4,3,3>Come here for the gnocchi, come back here for the gnocchi.  Seriously, I've been here a bunch of times and I've never ordered anything else because it's that darn good.  Cheesy, meaty, pillow-y, delicious yum.It's also BYOB and those are 4 of my favorite letters.  So go ahead and bring and decent bottle of wine - or any wine! - and enjoy. I think they charge $2/person for the wine service.The waiting area for when they're full isn't so much an area as it is the space right inside the front door.  But, settle in and get ready for some delicious food. I'm sure the other menu items are wonderful but I'm not sure I'll ever be able to cheat on my beloved gnocchi.
<review# 187,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/24/2013,5/23/2013,42,205,2,2,2>Are you the kind of person that finds the smells of smoked meat, caramelizing brown sugar, and ground coriander intoxicating?  Then this is your kind of place. Its not a typical deli, thinly sliced cold cuts laid in a torpedo roll. No, instead the emphasis is on house cured meats, locally sourced greens and salads, a slice of fresh sourdough or rye, and a steamy, hearty soup.  I'd swear the Roadhouse sandwich was made for me. A series of my favorite fatty and meaty, smokey flavors layered one on top of another.  The home cured bacon settling into a bed of freshly smoked and seasoned pastrami, corned beef, a slice or so of cheddar and the clever Swazey Sauce.  A fantastic sandwich, so carnivore it feels a little out of place next to some of the more delicate vegan/vegetarian menu bits, yet there it is, in all its glory.  You want to really enjoy your lunch today, sit down and savor a bite or two of a wonderful sandwich like this.
<review# 188,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/21/2013,5/22/2013,118,260,4,6,4>The pure mention of gluten free pizza has my eyes light up. Do you have any idea how hard it is to NOT eat pizza??? Or how hard it is to find gluten free pizza that doesn't taste like cardboard???The wonderful people of Federal Hill pizza have magically created the solution. They offer gluten free focaccia-style pizza in nearly every variety. It's flavorful and wth crust!!! I can't emphasize how thrilled I was to eat pizza that tasted good.The staff here is super friendly too. I had a chance to meet the owners at a local event and was immediately drawn to their restaurant based - not only by the mention of GF pizza - but by their friendliness. I'm not in the East Bay often, but trust me any trip in that area will definitely include a stop here!!
<review# 189,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/3/2013,5/21/2013,114,236,2,3,4>Allow me to join the choir of Providence Coal Fired Pizza wing devotees and chant of their delicious meaty merits! What they are not: skimpy, greasy, soggy, fatty, slimyWhat they are: flavorful, fleshy, crispy-thin skin, smoky, salt-kissed, herbacously-laced, sweet-roasted-onion-dressed per.fec.tionThe pizza is a thing of simple, coal-fired beauty. Pleasant-to-the-bite crust, crushed tomato sauce, quality cheese - Providence needed this pizza, badly. The place is huge. It kind of has the feel of a chain, but though it lacks a bit in character it's very clean, comfortable, and offers many tables and a wide bar. The open view to the 900-degree oven and pizza dough twirlin' cooks is very cool.Psyched to have a place like this downcity for consistent after-work, before-event comfort food done right.
<review# 190,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/11/2013,5/20/2013,36,74,2,4,3>Napolitano's: the best pizza in RI!As a local graduate student here in Providence, I've been to all the pizza places around the neighborhood: Fellini's, Antonio's, Nice Slice, Domino's, Bob & Timmy's, etc. None of these places, however, are as good as Napolitano's in terms of price and taste. My boyfriend and I randomly stopped here one afternoon for lunch. For about $17, we got a HUGE large cheese pizza and a 2 liter of soda. And it was the best-tasting pizza I've had here in RI! The previous reviewers were right: this looks like a pizza joint in a random strip mall that could be forgettable...but it's definitely not!This is the kind of pizza that doesn't need extra toppings or Parmesan to give the flavor a boost---it's seasoned perfectly! The crust is crunchy on the outside and soft inside, and the sauce itself is sweet and salty with a nice set of Italian herbs. (Apparently, they make their mozzarella cheese in house, too? Amazing!) And for $2.50 slices that are huge New York-type slices, the price point is perfect. Also, the woman who helped us seemed like such a hard-working, nice lady. She was alone in the parlor and slammed with customers, but took everyone one at a time with courtesy and patience.I'm excited that we finally found our favorite pizza place at Napolitano's! It's a little out of the way from Providence, but worth the drive. I suggest checking their website for their coupons and specials! (That's how we got our large cheese pizza and 2 liter soda.) It's also a little small on the inside, so you might need to take your food to go.
<review# 191,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/28/2011,5/7/2011,105,224,2,3,3>Factoring in both quality and price, Hairspray can't be beat. I went to Normand exclusively while I was in college and I always told him "Do whatever you want with my hair." Trusted him completely and I always got compliments on my haircuts from total strangers. Normand was also able to give me bold highlights without bleaching my hair first - something no one else has ever been able to do. And their prices are SO good.The salon also has a fun, laid back vibe with the tunes going and stylists singing, joking, and having a good time. It's a nice place to be.
<review# 192,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,3/20/2011,5/6/2011,44,172,1,6,2>Enjoyed the drag brunch this Sunday for a friend's birthday.  Server (Nick) and service in general - efficient and friendly.  Food was okay, I had the crab cake eggs benedict, others in our group had the same.  They loved, me not as much.  It was a very fried crab cake with a lot of spice.  I prefer a tender, flakier and more crabby-crab cake.  Ordering drinks - don't go with the pitcher of mimosas.  Very little champagne compared to the individually ordered drinks we saw. Always love the queens - but the quality of the show is definitely dependent on your seat.  Our seats were upstairs, barely could tell there was a show going on.They just got graded by Chef Gordon Ramsey on Kitchen NIghtmares.  I had been for dinner before - and truly didn't notice much of a difference.  I liked it before, but wasn't wowed.  I liked the brunch, but again wasn't wowed.  The one thing that will always bring me back?  Their support of socially conscious issues - FYI for those of you who are (liberal) ethical consumers.  :-)
<review# 193,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/26/2011,5/5/2011,12,9,,6,3>Dear Taco Truck . . . I love you.I often stop here on the way back from running my dog Bacon at Lincoln Woods . . . and for a couple of bucks you can't beat it!Being from California and having spent some time in Mexico, I'd been on the lookout for some simple authentic tacos and Tacos Don Nacho DOES NOT DISAPPOINT!  Simple, delicious . . . corn tortilla, a little meat, some onion & cilantro, squeeze of lime and a little crema.  Call me hooked.I have tried the burrito, which was ok.  And the Tamale, but for my money the tacos al pastor are rock'n . . .
<review# 194,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/26/2011,5/4/2011,1,8,2,5,2>This place is awesome. This is a real diner. Everything is made in house..well except the hash. But lets face it, is there really any other hash besides the one from the can? Haha. I've had almost everything off the menu here. Always outstanding, simple, homecooked. The portions are also pretty incredible...just like going to grandmas house. They make sure you don't leave hungry. Service is always great, sometimes a bit slow when its packed but I never mind. Its a place I enjoy to take my time at and drink lots of coffee, get into a good conversation. The owners are always there mingling with the patrons and ensuring a good visit to their establishment. And I should add that these are new owners since Dec '10 . They have done a great job with the place. Soon a dining room and Ice Cream window will be opening. So def stop in this place, get comfortable and enjoy a good homecooked meal...then have some pie and be happy.
<review# 195,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/14/2011,5/3/2011,239,181,1,4,4>As someone who is a fan of Korean BBQ, Sura isn't too bad. I am used to a lot of "do it yourself" Korean BBQ's, so Sura was a little odd for me. They started to prep and cook the meat and then come back and attend to it. I am all about grilling my own meat and I feel this adds to the experience, so I was thrown off a little by this. Other than that slight oddity, the food was pretty delicious. I appreciated all the Korean fixins such as Kimchi, pickled sprouts, etc. I also appreciated some more western style addins like broccoli and garlic (which my girlfriend and I found by accident is great to dip the meat in). If you enjoy spicy meat I strongly suggest the Pork Bulgogi BBQ. You can get it regular, but the extra spice adds just enough flavor. I am disappointed by the lack of Korean BBQ's in the RI area however Sura is a nice restaurant to satisfy the need I have for KBBQ.
<review# 196,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/27/2011,5/2/2011,231,95,7,8,6>I have a pho-bsession. See what I did there? :)From growing up in California, Texas and Florida I have always had a trusty Pho place to go to nearby.It took some exploring when I moved to Providence to find my pho place and Pho Horn's came out victorious. If you've never had pho before, what makes (or breaks) this dish is the broth. Think of it as your favorite chicken noodle soup recipe. Every recipe has something special about it but the one you love is just right. The recipe at Pho Horn's is in fact, just right.The place is kind of a pain to get to, I just so happen to live wicked close to this place (It was meant to be.)I've tried several things from their menu and it's all been fantastic. Their pho, bubble tea and spring rolls are the highlights.My typical order is either the fresh spring or deep fried rolls, a large #19 with extra beef flank. What can I say? I love meat. They bring everything out really fast and it's always hot and fresh. For dessert, I get a Taro flavored bubble tea to go. The best part is all of this is still under $20!Incredibly affordable and it's almost too much of a hole in the wall place. I love it though, the waitstaff are so friendly and attentive. I go to this place so often, by myself mind you, that they ask me about how work is going and if I'm getting the 'usual' stuff for my meal. Unlike Phonatic on Thayer St, parking here is a breeze and the prices are relatively cheaper. Check em' out and say hi to the giant fish in the tank!
<review# 197,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/20/2011,5/1/2011,30,164,4,3,3>I like this place. Being a relative newcomer to RI (10 years) I don't have a long history with the Ocean Mist, but I could, if we both last for a few more decades or so.One of the things that I like is that a good bar should always feel a little edgy. I don't want to go into a place filled with Chardonnay sipping socialites supping on sushi. When I have my drink on, I want a place like this. Give me a beer in a bottle, some loud music, a pool table, a few friends, and I'm happy. All that here, and more.This is what a bar should be like and it reminds me of some places I used to go back in college - places in Boston like Father's Too, and The Pour House.
<review# 198,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/9/2010,4/30/2011,193,262,5,8,1>I've had much debate with people over the years as to which "APSARA" restaurant in Providence is the better one.  Yes, there are 2 of them.  One on Public street and the other on Hope on the East side.THIS Apsara, is by far the better of the two.  And here are my comparisons:Hope St:  Owned by different people (Though, I heard from the same family).  Sure, the location is "nicer" due to being on the East Side, but there's such limited parking and with the already bustling businesses surrounding it, street parking is often scarce.  The menu seems smaller and more limited.  And finally, the food just doesn't have the "Zing" that I get from Apsara (Public St).  And of the few times I've been here, the waitstaff have often been cold and uninviting.Public St:  I'm not one to let a neighborhood define the scope of where I eat.  Some of the BEST restaurants I've been to in LA and NY are in "less desirable" locations.  This said, Public street's neighborhood might not have the best Rep, but the restaurant stands alone, with it's own parking lot, and quite a bit of character.  -The waitstaff have always been on point, courteous, and friendly.-The Nime Chow is to DIE for, and anything else on the menu that you so desire to try is.. downright awesome.  Always hits the spot!I give this Apsara 5 stars (despite my selfish want for them to provide delivery :D)... Love it!
<review# 199,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/30/2010,4/29/2011,36,56,,4,5>We have used Providence Picture for our office on numerous occasions. The folks there are incredibly friendly and helpful.  The company is on a pretty strict budget, and they helped us pick some fabulous pieces to fit the space and the cash constraints.Carl, who came to hang the pictures, is a delight. His work was impecable, and he helped us move a few of our existing pieces. We have loved all our experiences with Providence Picture Frame.
<review# 200,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/15/2010,4/28/2011,32,123,2,3,2>As I sit here typing away on my lunch break, I am currently munching on some chili from Alibi and felt inspired enough to write a review. LUCKY YOU!Alibi is another one of those places that I wouldn't know about unless I happened to work a few yards from it. So whenever I'm craving a really delicious turkey sandwich on fresh French bread, I'm heading to Alibi.I've tried a few things there. I've had my sandwiches hot and cold, with and without bacon, sides of pasta salad, sides of potato salad, sides of chips, and now chili. I can honestly say that I've never eaten anything bad at Alibi. While some of the sandwiches I've had aren't great, and while the bacon is limp and chewy, and while chili really isn't my favorite thing in the world (I hate the beans!), I'm still a fan of Alibi. When you do get exactly what you're craving (my favorite: small turkey sub with cheese and lettuce, slightly toasted) it's one of the greatest lunch experiences ever. That being said, when you get what you are craving, and it's not what you wanted it to be (i.e. the chili - TOO many beans!), it's still good enough to continue eating. There are two fun things about Alibi. There is the counter service where you can just head in and pick up your lunch, and there is the bar. You can get everything at the bar that you would at the deli counter, but this provides a sit down opportunity to watch people drink on their lunch break. Rebels or addicts? You decide.And if you're looking for a drink collection of Coke products, Vitamin Water and Naked (naughty!) Juice, this is a good place to look. All in all, I think you'll have a pretty good lunch experience.
<review# 201,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/8/2011,12/7/2011,81,227,3,6,5>When I first discovered Trinity Brewhouse sometime in the 90s it seemed like this amazingly unique thing. A place that brews its own beer? Right there on the premises? And it actually has decent food? So once you leave Rhode Island it turns out that brewpubs are a thing everywhere. If you're from out of town chances are you have a place like Trinity near you - some place that has good locally brewed beer and simple but satisfying pub fare. You know, burgers, wings, pulled pork sandwiches, and a handful of fancier entrees. Everything a growing boy needs. I'm not a huge microbrew guy, so I can't stack Trinity's beer up against other breweries. I will say that I like the beer, and they usually have a range of 5-6 different offerings from light Pilsner-style beers to heavy stouts. There's a very good chance that you can find one you'll enjoy. The atmosphere is good and Trinity can be a fun place to hang out. It gets really crazy when there are PC games at The Civic Center (I still refuse to call it "The Dunk") or when Christmas Carol is playing at Trinity Rep next door. Upstairs can be nice on a quiet weekend afternoon, but at night it gets a little too hectic and I often feel like I'm sitting at a table with strangers and I need to wolf my food and leave as soon as possible. Downstairs is more casual although there is no table service and it can still get super crowded with hipsters. The biggest drawback to Trinity is the lack of parking. If there is anything going on downtown, you'll likely have a hard time finding parking anywhere within several miles.
<review# 202,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/8/2011,12/6/2011,40,210,,8,3>I am so happy to have access to such a good Ethiopian restaurant!  Although the menu is small, everything tasted great (we got the veggie combo).  The service was friendly, and we were seated and got our food very quickly despite it being a weekend evening. Gluten free diners and authentic food seekers -  they can provide wheat-free teff-only injera if you ask ahead of time!  Apparently the wheat added to the teff flour in the US is just to please our Western palates - but the all-teff injera tasted just as good to me.   A little more sour, and it breaks apart more easily (no gluten to hold it together) - but it was nice to feel like I was eating the food more authentically!
<review# 203,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/19/2011,12/5/2011,2,63,7,12,4>SHORT: Spent $100 and bought 20+ really tasteful and clean looking stuff from blazer jackets to nice dress shirts! Don't come here for shoes. But, for anything else, don't even think about going anywhere else if you're looking to buy second hand clothing. Got a nice light blue Ralph Lauren shirt for $3.99, a Brooks Brothers blazer for $4.99 and nice Madras short for $2.99... LONG: Ever since I graduated (in other words no more dolares de los parentos) I became that bargain hunting, penny saving grandma;  looking forward to saving 5 cents each when I use my grocery bags; occasionally taking the bus instead of driving; going to the sale section at TJ Maxx etc. However, here was my dilemma: how could I save money and not look like a Salvation Army employee ? Well, my colleagues told me about a magical place called "Savers" where one can buy a classy Brooks Brothers navy blue jacket for... $4.99 or a nice madras short for $2.99!! I know you're like "Oh shut up! That ain't true buddy!", but it fortunately is my fellow Yelpers... I bought those two, 3 more jackets, 10 other nice dress shirts, 3 khakis shorts and a GAP sweater for under $100... That is twenty plus tasteful clothing for under hundred bucks!WELL, here is where the five star comes: Not only I was overjoyed at the register with the price I paid for all those awesome stuff, the cashier told me about a rewards card (they basically stamp a circle each time you spend more than $5!) and she told me I would be able to save 30% Off!! Like I needed more to be their loyal customer! Man, this place is awe-some! I really cannot praise it enough! You won't be disappointed if you keep in mind that this is still a thrift store.
<review# 204,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/23/2011,12/4/2011,165,268,13,5,5>An Allie's donut at 8am is spectacular.  An Allie's donut at 5am kinda makes you crave a cigarette.  They're that good.  (Public service announcement: smoking is bad for you.)In North Kingstown, a 46-mile round-trip from Providence, these donuts make driving friends to the airport for AM red-eyes tolerable; the drive home with a dozen amazing donuts (honey-dippped!  old fashioned coffee sticks!) make the trip worthwhile.A recent discovery is that these donuts are even better at the crack of dawn, when devoured within minutes of their hot-oil birth.  Melt-in-the-mouth good, without the upper GI regret associated with hot Krispy Kreme rings.But all is not bliss.  Beware of the cops on your drive down; the Rt 4 exit from I-95 has a sudden speed limit drop to 45mph.  Slow down, lest your donuts cost you a couple hundred bucks and a date with traffic school.
<review# 205,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/24/2011,12/3/2011,105,224,,3,2>I love that I can get awesome service, use a local business, and support a meaningful social cause all in one. My task was to get a catered St. Patty's day dinner for about 20 people. I first called Ri Ra and my phone call & e-mail went ignored. Then a friend recommended More Than a Meal. I got a quote the same day and the price was awesome. (Ri Ra eventually got back to me a over a week later) They delivered my food, set up the room really nice, and were very pleasant and helpful. The food itself was delicious and homestyle. Not fine dining, but I wasn't asking for fine dining at the prices they were charging. The service was excellent and I can't wait to use them again.
<review# 206,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/25/2011,12/2/2011,44,75,,2,3>Where do I even begin with Blake's.  Just a nondescript, semi run down looking Irish pub Down City, but it is somehow more than that.  It is dark like an Irish pub should be, a couple TV's, some tables and a small bar.  Decent selection of beers on tap, and the food is decent.   Nothing i would return for but nothing I have ever been disappointed in.  It's true beauty is that it is neutral territory, in that it doesn't have a set clientele.  It gets a pretty even mix of hipsters, college kids, "street toughs", old neighborhood men, fancy people (the PPAC crowd", people waiting for a show at Lupo's, those either going to or leaving an event or hockey game at the dunk, office people... it is amazing solely for the people watching possibilities here.Other than that the staff is always friendly, the drinks fairly priced.. and the waitresses are usually cute.  It is not chic or fancy, it is as unpretentious a place as I can imagine, and thats why I love stopping in.  Check it out, accept it for what it is, and you'll have a good time.
<review# 207,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/2/2011,12/1/2011,84,176,1,7,4>If this was my first impression of Fall River, I'd think it was a pretty hip place. We came because we had a $25 gift card; I would go back because I am in love with the beer selection, the atmosphere and that mac & cheese.Up front I am going to say the service was lackluster. Our waitress kept touching my boyfriend, which I think bothered him way more than it irked me, and she knew nothing about the beers. Despite that, she was attentive, and service was on pace.The beers... there's about a dozen drafts, with a good four or five devoted to seasonal brews. The only lights you're getting here are Bud, Coors and Taphouse (house water?). They do a four-beer sampler of whichever draft you care to try. I stuck with a pint of the Shipyard Smashed Pumpkin, complete with sugar-cinnamon rim.Menu items cover your typical pub American fare, but it all looked good. I had the buffalo tenders (spicy!) and the buffalo mac & cheese. The mac & cheese was enough for two people to split for dinner plus have another dinner leftover to take home. It was oh-so-good with chunks of buffalo chicken and blue cheese amid ooey gooey elbow pasta topped with just the right amount of breadcrumbs. It hit the comfort food spot on a chilly night.The sesame chicken stir-fry was creative plated in a deep bowl layered with the ingredients and topped with a string of carrot. Again, there was plenty to take home for another meal. The steak tips also got a good review and generous portion.The restaurant is long and narrow with a modern but cozy atmosphere. The area behind the bar is enormous, and I wondered what they kept back there. There is live music several nights of the week, but we were unable to stay and hear the band that was setting up while we were eating dinner.Overall, if I am in the area again, I will definitely go back to the Taphouse -- if only to check out the draft selection.P.S. There is complimentary valet parking if you have trouble finding a spot on the street.
<review# 208,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/4/2011,11/30/2011,77,166,2,3,2>One bite of the jamon y manchego bocadillo and I was transported back to my study abroad days in Barcelona where nights ended at 7 am and days started at noon, (I'm still unsure how I was able to do that for a semester). The bocadillo was purely Spanish in every aspect- size (don't expect a 12" monstrosity filled to the max), flavor (salty serrano ham with sharp manchego) and texture (crusty outer layer, doughy inside). Also, love how the tomato spread seemed to bring everything together. The menu isn't overwhelming and I appreciate that the owners chose to focus on quality and authenticity. The only thing missing from the menu that I would love to see- xocolata amb xurros.
<review# 209,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/30/2011,11/29/2011,37,111,,5,3>The Avery is a very unique experience to say the least. First, there is no big flashy sign that says "The Avery". It is actually a tiny 7x5 (...or maybe it was a 6x4...?) sign behind a window near the door. Totally cool. As you walk in, it is like you just got transported out of the West End neighborhood of Providence and into a bar that has a great atmosphere and decor. I can't say enough how good the lighting is here. Some bars are too bright, some are too dark, but The Avery just got it right. Also the artsy semi-nude outline of women blend in great too. The bartenders are friendly, helpful and knows their menu too. The bar seating is great and one detail that I noticed is that there are hooks at the edge of the bar rail for your coat or purse near every seat! Don't see that too often in a bar. The seating is as cozy and intimate as you make it. There are soft bench seating along the wall and small tables to put your drink and opposite are  pleathery soft chairs. So if coming with a bunch of friends, it is a great place to get to talk and hear them at the same time. ;)I would definitely recommend coming here and soak in the ambiance. Yes I used a pretentious word, but this place is hardly, which is perfectly cool in my book.
<review# 210,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/17/2011,11/28/2011,27,99,,4,4>If you're all about saving some money and the earth all at one time (or if you go through a lot of print ink), this is the place for you! Instead of buying new cartridges each time, they refill your old ones that you bring in to them, FOR HALF THE PRICE!!! They also have a buy 10 get 1 free program as well!Not only that, but you can call ahead and tell them what  you're going to want refilled, and they will have it ready for you when you get there. AND the person working the desk every time I've gone in has been beyond pleasant and complimentary. Thank you for making me feel pretty when I just woke up 15 mins ago and am wearing fuzzy slippers with my dress. AAAAAND! And each time she gives me a tootsie roll pop! Save the Earth, get some candy!
<review# 211,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/8/2011,3/13/2011,202,333,2,1,1>It was my first time here, and you know you're on to something when the girl behind you b-lines for the same piece of furniture.  I'm a fan, in spite of the competition. *Good selection*Fair prices*Seems like they turn things over quicklyOne complaint: their clothing selection belongs at Goodwill.   I will definitely be back.
<review# 212,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/5/2010,3/12/2011,57,152,2,4,1>Went for brunch today; served Sundays, 10-2:30, and in a word, amazing!I got the traditional bennedict and it was the best I've ever had. The price was great at 9.95. The Hollandaise was real, and infused with saffron. Everything was cooked to perfection. The ham was carved, not some rubbery piece of offal. Hash browns were perfect. My dining companion got the lox platter with caviar and potato pancakes and a bloody mary which were both great as well. The bill came to just over 30 bucks. Service-stellar, decor-simple, comfortable, and elegant, and the crowd was medium sized and well behaved. The only frown was the 35+minute wait for the food, which is really no big deal considering the outcome. Parking is ample and easy. Skip all the Providence bullshit and come here on a weekend morn., you won't regret it.
<review# 213,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/9/2011,3/10/2011,13,60,4,4,4>Let's not get out of hand here people, Nacho Mamma's is good, but it's not OMG BEST BURRITOZ IZ HAD IN MY LIFEZ good. That sort of culinary hyperbole only brings out the haters, and there's really nothing to hate on here. It is what it is. Food is cheap, portions are sizeable, it's in Bristol, it's edible. I like it, but I don't love it, and I wouldn't drive to Bristol from PVD for it. Will I stop by if I'm in the area and need a cheap filling snack? You bet! Is it better than Bebop Burrito or Chipotle/Qdoba/Taco Bell? Completely! Is it the best cheap eats in Bristol? Well, that's not much of an accomplishment, but sure, yes!Does it hold a candle to anything in Cali or even No Problemo in New Bedford? Of course not!Keep your expectations realistic and you will not be dissappointed.
<review# 214,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/13/2010,3/9/2011,68,635,2,4,3>Just visited today. It is a little on the 'needs a face-lift' side of things from the outside. The inside is not overly comfortable either. Very 70's fixed in place booths. The service was good. They serve both Coke & Pepsi products, all be it in cans. But you actually have a choice. The family and I decided to spread it around. Hot Wiener apps, the wife had a Deanna Burger and I had their Calzone. The burger was really good (I only had a bite). The wife really liked it and she is hard to please. I loved the Calzone. It was one of the best I have had. It was packed with the cheeses and meats and the crust was fantastic. The Hot Wieners were not NY System or Wien-O-Rama, but they diner quality, which is to say not too bad. Over all I am a fan and will return. They also do great meal deals for the pizza side of things and offer delivery. The prices were very good.
<review# 215,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/21/2010,3/8/2011,23,116,2,4,2>What an amazing restaurant. The decor is nothing special, except that when you walk in to the place, you are hit with the most amazing Indian food smell. You know you are sitting down to something amazing. Everything on the menu - meat or veggie, curry or vindaloo - is fantastic. The naan is heavenly, and even the rice is amazing! A fair price for what you get, and if you leave hungry, it's your own fault.The service is good - just a couple of Indian women clearing plates and refilling water - but they are friendly and attentive. Parking is not a problem, as there is plenty of street parking.If you are looking for homestyle Indian food, then this is the place to go!
<review# 216,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,2/25/2011,3/7/2011,10,44,3,1,2>I dig the Wild Colonial. The spot is a little dark and musty, but the stone walls give a cool vibe to the place and while it's a bit of a hipster scene, it's still a pretty fun time. I mean, hipsters don't argue much, yell, start fights, or act like total douches, so all in all, it could be a lot worse.Beer selection is nice, overall vibe is friendly, and the bartenders even let me steal a dollar from the tip jar to help me settle the score in a particularly contentious pool battle (as long as I reimbursed them on my tab, which I did, about five fold).There is some truth to other yelpers comments about favoring the regulars (can you really blame them) and last call was a really strange experience (at 12:30 but some people were getting drinks right before close?), but it's not a dealbreaker.The Wild Colonial is a solid spot to grab a few Grey Lady's, sign up for some darts and take it easy.
<review# 217,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/25/2011,3/6/2011,42,14,,1,1>Louis is a great place for a hangover breakfast. Gets crowded on Sunday morning but table turnover is quick. Great place especially in the summer when you can sit outside and have a laid back end of the week to recharge for Monday. Have tried quite a few menu items and have not yet been disappointed. Will definitely  be back soon.
<review# 218,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/26/2011,3/5/2011,8,10,4,3,3>I just moved from the East Side -- about 6 blocks from Seven Star -- to The Riverside, where the closest thing to a "coffeehouse" is Dunkin Donuts or Honeydew. After a few days of caffeine withdrawal, I half considered if I should renege on my mortgage and move back to my apartment for a minute. So it goes without saying that I was SUPER excited to discover Providence Coffee Roasters last week. First off and most important -- the coffee is nice and strong and actually tastes like coffee! This is all I really needed to know for it to become my new coffee place, but there are some other pluses as well. One, the location is convenient. Although nothing in Riverside is walkable (can you see my urban withdrawal?), PCR is on Willet Avenue / 103 and this is right on my way to work. It's located in a little plaza with plenty of parking. This will make it easy to swing by for a morning coffee on my way to the office. Two, if I wasn't in a rush, I'd be happy to hang out here. The ambience is very nice and it's both cozy and spacious. They have work of local artists hung on the wall and so far it's been pretty cool. Also, they actually roast the coffee here and you can see the process in action behind a big glass wall. The decor is modern and walls are tastefully colorful. I like their signage as well. As for food, they have pastries in a display case next to the cash register. Can't speak for these, but the owner (?) told me they come from a bakery on the East Side that is "something of a local favorite." It was called Guavos or Guanos or something similar.The only downside at the moment is that this place is largely undiscovered!! So get your coffee-drinking butt over here and keep this lovely place in business so I can continue to drink excellent coffee nearby my house.
<review# 219,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/28/2010,3/3/2011,91,416,,8,4>2nd time at this place after fellow Yelpers led me here and I couldn't be happier.  The first woman I went to left the salon soon after and I could've followed her, but I also wanted to see what else the salon had to offer. I just got back from a much needed cut and color and it was a relaxing, stress free and satisfying visit with Kevin.I was welcomed at the door and my coat and scarf were hung up for me along with a sincere inquiry to whether I  wanted something to drink or anything else.  I was then promptly escorted to a chair where Kevin has a nice consolation with me about what I wanted to do and what he thought would look good on me.  I was happy to be talking to someone who was able to give my some suggestions within and just outside my comfort zone.  I left an hour and a half later with a new color and 4 inches cut off my hair.  My hair feels silky and light and I love it.  Kevin was easy to talk to and made me feel good about my hair, the color choice, and the cut.. All of the staff seemed friendly and if they were not working on a customer were engaged in cleaning the salon - a good sign. Claudia actually was sitting down next to one customer as they were seated under the heaters and was engaged in conversation.  It's nice to give business to a place where you know you'll leave happy and you know who you're investing your money in. Thanks to Kevin, Claudia Salon, and of course fellow Yelpers for the suggestion
<review# 220,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/11/2010,3/1/2011,58,364,3,13,3>I am beyond blown away at some of the negative views here. I'm coming from Boston. AKA land of a million Second Time Arounds. I used to dislike Second Time Around IMMENSELY from my Boston experiences. There was never any good stuff and it was all overpriced anyways. However, I moved to Providence in July and I truly don't think I've bought clothing anywhere else since!This STA is by far better than all other STAs. Everyone I bring here says so and I always hear people commenting about how much better it is at the store (customers) compared to the others. Everything is ordered by color, size, type of clothing, etc. Dressing rooms are large enough to fit you and your best friend and the piles of clothing you want to try on (yes I speak from experience). There's always something I want at this STA. Allow me to tell you about my most recent adventures:Back Versache Leggings that make my ass look BEAUTIFUL and I can dress up or down or all around and I probably wear way too much because I love them and they're so comfortable: $8Brown Velvet Blazer that I can dress up a pair of jeans with, wear to meetings, as well as be casual with: $12Blue Sweater that when I wore it for the first time I got compliments all night: $14Black Dress that is casual enough for friends but dressy enough for family events: $23My closet is now priceless!Stuff is usually on sale. Sometimes they even have some of their sweet 50% off sales. Those are genius! There is an elaborate tag scheme that dictates what is on sale and what is not. But signs all over the store and helpful sales staff make that easy to navigate. Also, the twitter site for for the shop helps keep you updated on cool things that come into the store and awesome sales!I also consign with STA and have been really pleased with the process. I can watch the progress of my goods online not to mention I can make room for the stuff I buy here in my closet! When you shop, they'll give you a credit if you have money in your consignment account or send you a check at the end of the quarter. In short, LOVE this STA. But only this one!
<review# 221,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/21/2012,4/9/2012,40,75,3,9,2>If you are reading this and within 20 minutes of Sullivan's...stop reading and get your butt over there!Great neighborhood spot. Almost didn't want to review it because it's going to get way too popular.Menu is fantastic. Beer selection is very good. Cool vibe. Very casual, very clean, warm, and inviting. Great service. Owned by the same people who own Doherty's East Ave Irish Pub I'm told...some carryover on the menu, but plenty of different stuff.I had the braised cheezus, which was a grilled cheese with awesome brisket on sweet white bread. It was phenomenal. Burger was great too...with jalapeno bacon! Buffalo fries and sweet potato tater tots....awesome.Go. Just go. Now.
<review# 222,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/11/2011,4/8/2012,28,44,3,5,4>No one is more shocked than me that I like this place.  For starters, it's in a worn-down strip center, surrounded by a peculiar mix of shops, divorce attorneys, tax consultants and more.  The shop right next door sells wedding gifts that look like they would be perfect for saying I Do in 1932.  Inside feels like grandma's house--with a lot of people in it.  Dark colors, a fireplace, lots of folks over 70 (many of them regulars who pull a few tables together and sit around and lament the "world goin' down the tubes).The staff is nice...sometimes.  Sometimes it feels like they hate you, your mother, and mostly your face.  I'm a modern kind of gal, who appreciates good, friendly service, so this place shouldn't be my cup of tea...but somehow, somedays, it is.The coffee is surprisingly good and they have a bunch of flavors (my favorite is the swiss chocolate almond, try it!).  They give you a lot of it for a decent price--and it tastes fresh, not watered down.Sandwiches aren't exactly cheap, but the bread is really yummy (cranberry whole grain is excellent) and filling.  I usually just get something simple like tuna salad, and it's always tasty and again, fresh.  Amazing how that's so difficult to find...But I suppose what I like most about Brewed Awakenings is the ample seating (including regular tables and chairs and leather sofa seats), free and speedy wi-fi, and the ability to sit and sip my iced coffee for hours.  No one gives me looks while I'm writing, no one tries to make me feel uncomfortable for staying more than 20 minutes.  In my world, that's a gift.
<review# 223,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/8/2012,4/7/2012,118,260,1,1,1>Who doesn't love Rhode Island's own Dave's Marketplace? I can walk into any Dave's location and expect to run into ten people I know. It's a state staple. And the food ain't so bad either.There's an ease to shopping at Dave's. It's smaller than the mega grocery stores like Stop&Shop (and seriously, why is each one laid completely differently?) and cheaper than Whole Foods. Sure, Dave's isn't as hip as WF but it has its own charm. I like the variety of local, natural and gluten-free foods (they've added to this selection). The prepared foods and pizza are amazing! The butcher shop and seafood are some of the best! (Seriously, the seafood is cheap and fresh). And every location is super clean and friendly.
<review# 224,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/23/2011,4/6/2012,27,126,2,3,1>The genius of running a burger joint is that, unless you're my dad turning the grill into a towering inferno and transforming the beef patties into inedible objects resembling hockey pucks, the food is going to taste great. Some buffalo calamari, a couple of custom designed burgers, and two sides of gorgonzola taters tots later, we left very satisfied with our meal. Upon trying the calamari the girlfriend quickly and unexcitedly exclaimed "Bar Louie's are better". So no points for those. But her eyes lit up when she bit into the gorgonzola tater tots and with a little more enthusiasm she said "These are the best tater tots I've ever had!" I bring her comments into the review because I'm a guy that doesn't really like calamari and the only tater tots I had tried up until that point in my life came from the frozen food aisle. Building the burgers was fun. You get a litlte checklist with the numerous options and step by step you build your perfect burger. I wasn't going for originality when I topped my burger with bacon, caramelized onions, and cheddar jack cheese. I was going for taste, and the burger delivered. I scanned the reviews before we went and saw several mentions of rude service. I'm happy to report that we saw none of that on our visit. The beer is sold in pitchers so we saved a couple of bucks by going down that road instead of ordering a couple of beers a piece. In additional to the typical popular crap on tap, they had a couple of seasonal brews, some Sam Adams, and some Long Trail so there was something for everyone to enjoy. The bottom line is we had a good night. The place is fun and the food hits the spot. We didn't expect to shell out $55 for burgers, but when you add in the fact that we got an app and two rounds of beers and you compare to bill to what we could've dropped at a fine italian place, the bill was a deal for a good night out.
<review# 225,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/26/2011,4/5/2012,107,79,4,8,3>So my GF and I have returned to Thai Taste a number of times since my initial review. The latest occurrence was last night for dinner. Word to the wise: You can't go wrong ordering the Satay as your appetizer. Because you'll receive a decent sized portion of perfectly cooked chicken and beef, barbecued on skewers and served with peanut and cucumber sauces.For my entrée, I chose the Panang Curry with the pork election, though I received chicken instead. The error quickly faded from memory when I first sank my teeth into it. The dish came slathered in a coconut milk concoction with peppers, string beans, snow peas, mushrooms and lemon leaves. I ordered two dishes of white rice just to eke out all the deliciousness.She had the Pad Ki Mow, extra spicy. It arrived as a plate of stir-fried noodles, peppers, string beans, bamboo shoots, onion and basil leaves. She made the pork election and was thrilled with the taste. I'm sure she'll be eating her leftovers for lunch with an ear to ear smile of satisfaction on her face.Main update: Last night, our waitress treated us like visiting dignitaries. So for all appearances, the service issues I encountered in my initial visit have since been remedied.
<review# 226,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/4/2012,4/4/2012,53,195,4,5,1>After a foiled attempt to eat at Al Forno soon after Christmas (45 minute wait and the bar is full?! :(), we tried again on Tuesday night.  The ambience and service were impeccable from the moment we entered and the host asked for our coats.  I loved my booth seat; being not-very-tall, I appreciate a booth that doesn't sink so that my chin is resting on the table.We shared a 22 ounce Pretty Things Jack D'Or - a light but sharp-tasting beer that went well with the food.  The four of us had an all-vegetarian meal -- who knew that Al Forno would have the second-best veggie options in PVD (after Garden Grille of course!)?!  For once we felt like we weren't eating a collection of sides or a block of cheese, but hearty dishes that left one feeling satiated.  Not only that, but our waiter helped us identify eggless dishes and desserts; props to Al Forno for offering many eggless desserts, especially their tarts. (One of our dining companions is not vegan, but doesn't eat eggs, meat, or fish.  Usually eggless desserts and eggless pastas are tough to find).We started off sharing the special pumpkin pizza and the roasted beet and avocado salad.  We loved the authentic thinness of the pizza, and creamy pumpkin combined with cheese.  I would have never thought avocado and horseradish paired well in a salad, but the buttery avocado with the mustard-y horseradish was an ingenious idea.We then shared the roasted eggplant and the roasted veggie platter.  These totally surpassed our expectations; each was a well-thought-out vegetarian dish.  I appreciated Al Forno's take on eggplant parm with the roasted eggplant, and that it didn't have any fried components.  The roasted seasonal vegetables were so good -- brussels sprouts, onions, eggplant, parsnips, carrotts, pickled cabbage.  We stopped lifting servings onto our plates and just kept grabbing off the platter with our forks.  Those were the creamiest brussels sprouts I've ever had.The pear and walnut tart was the perfect way to end the evening.  Also, a shoutout to our waiter Steve:  he is the definition of affable, and his recommendations were very good.What could Al Forno do to earn that fifth star?  Set up a host's station so that on a busy night customers without reservations (Note: no reservations at AF for less than 6 people) don't just see the backs of the waiters' black shirts.  Waiting to eat is hard enough; feeling ignored makes us grumpy!
<review# 227,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/13/2012,4/3/2012,151,439,4,3,3>Ta-ta-ta-ta-ta-TEA! TEAAAAA!  I enjoy channeling my Scottish roots on a daily basis - tea drinking: I do partake.  But in a crazy world of Whole Foods' and mega marts', it can be difficult to find shops which specialize in quality, refreshing,*LOCAL* tea (never mind: a quaint shop with plenty of parking, an animal sanctuary, greenhouses, an elaborate bamboo garden, AND tea).  Well, Mad Hatters....worry not.  You can have your tiny "Eat Me" cakes and eat it, too.The landscape at 7Arrows is beautiful.  Even in the barren winter months of New England, the winding brick walkway to the shop's entrance inspires the imagination.  Flanked by towering bamboo reeds, swaying cypress, and spotted with little conversational nooks along the way - it is my dream garden.  After you thought the "oo-ahh" was over - enter into one of the most calming environments I've found in this community.  The folks at 7Arrows know exactly how to melt away all that occupational pressure (if I could live in their belfry, I would).  The shop is an old two-story barn house turned into a holistic healing destination.  Minerals, gemstones, essential oils, and sage are available to bring purity and positivity to your home.  Spices of all sorts are available whole or ground (sold by the ounce - you get exactly HOW MUCH you want of WHAT you want).  And the tea...the TEA selection is a dream (maybe I really AM Alice!).  Green, herb, and black teas are sectioned off and organized alphabetically; all containers of loose tea are labeled with price per ounce, and most containers are labeled with a taste/ingredient explanation.  My favorites tried thus far: Sunny Afternoon, Patriot Blend, and Highland Morning.  Need containers for that loose tea? -a variety of sizes are available.  Need a cuppa like...NOW!? - simply place a request for a pot'a'tea with one of 7Arrows' most friendly staffers and pull up a seat (no to-go option unless YOU supply the mug).While I'm picking up my favorite teas and spices I always pop over to their baked goods area (a small platter of scrumptious treats - labeled that they were made in a domestic kitchen, gluten-free and vegan options ALSO available!).  My favorites are the lavender or the ginger cookies, though there is also the sweet option next to the register for which the proceeds are directed to an animal support charity.Upstairs: another small seating area, and a gathering of antiques available for purchase.  Outside: green houses and animal shelters.  The other weekend the beau and I met Stimpy the goat and his piggy friend, along with some very vocal ducks and geese.  The owners of 7Arrows (Miche and Judy) are animal lovers and have adopted/saved many (I love this).Not your traditional tea house or cafe, but certainly so much more worth the adventure.  I'm looking forward to a summer of Sunday morning ventures and sunny garden tea-sipping.  When you're feeling restless as the White Rabbit, pop on into 7Arrows to spice up your tea collection (you'll be purring like Cheshire in no time).
<review# 228,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/30/2011,4/2/2012,70,481,7,7,5>Grampy's getting up there in years and he don't git as impressed by things as he usedta. But I admit that the antiques mall blew me away when I walked in. I spent HOURS here this morning and loved it.Other people have described this place fairly well, so I'll skip it, but I'll add that in addition to the amazing selection of items, it's not overly dusty or funky smelling like you'll find in larger antique shops.Coin, comic, record and baseball card nerd alert: they've got some good stuff here!The only drawback today was that one of the employees, an older gentleman, insisted on LOUDLY discussing his political and social views of the world in a negative, contentious way. It made browsing unpleasant...no matter how far away I walked, it was impossible to get away from this guy bellyaching about how much the homeless suck and how they all need to get jobs. But hey, I'm easy. Next time I'll bring my iPod and drown it out.
<review# 229,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/10/2011,4/1/2012,43,40,3,4,1>Here you can get two of your basic Asian food groups under one roof!  My bf and I go here often because they both rock.  He's a sushi lover and orders off the Japanese menu, while I always order Korean.  I've had the kimchi pancakes, bibimbap, den jang chigae, and jap che bab.  All excellent.  He's quite picky about his sushi and says its among the best in RI.  Here we always find harmony for dinner-Japanese and Korean, happily together.
<review# 230,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/5/2011,3/31/2012,70,186,4,2,5>When Abyssinia opened, people completely lost it.  Even your squarest boss was dying to go there.  Providence was severely lacking in African cuisine, and this place satisfied our innate craving for spice, heat, and eating with our hands.I have dined here on many a delicious occasion, and have never been dissatisfied with the service or the food.  The vegetarian medley is everything I need in a dish - salty greens, cold beets, warm lentils and chick peas, plus that addictive injera.The only minus is that it's always blowing up, and in such a tiny venue it can occasionally be a bit of a wait.  Good thing you can drink your BYOB in the little booth waiting area to fight the hunger pangs.  Or you can walk across Wickenden to one of various bars and liquor stores in the meantime.
<review# 231,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/9/2012,3/8/2013,16,82,,5,1>The west side's best breakfast joint!I love Classic, I go here multiple times a week (breakfast is important!) and they are amazing. If you've read one of my other reviews you'll notice good service is very important to me and Classic provides just that.Classic serves breakfast and lunch and closes around 2 PM I believe. Both meals are fantastic from here but I am a total breakfast whore.Not only do they have homemade hash, yup, it's really homemade...they also serve biscuits and gravy, and offer a potato variety unlike any other. Home fries, hash browns or their own potato cakes. The cakes are amazing - a blend of smashed potato, onion, spices and sour cream, compressed into a patty and sauted to a crispy coat. Texture freaks enjoy - the thin, crispy exterior of the cake offers a nice balance to the melt in your mouth mushy middle. Aside from that they have the staples - eggs, omlets, bene, pancakes etc. On the lunch side they have homemade buffalo chips. I would compare them to waffle fry thickness, minus the netted appearance. They are just the right amount of crisy on the outside, soft and chewy on the inside and blessed with the perfect level of heat.Classic has been featured in many different RI hot spot magazines. If you're visiting, local or passing through, make the stop, it's worth it.
<review# 232,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/26/2013,3/7/2013,23,147,2,2,2>Sucks to visit this place a day before leaving Newport for moving day, but just like Pour Judgement, it left a good memory.Take out was again the name of the game in this borderline dive that teeters between a market and restaurant.  But from first taste you know you're coming back.  On this nice we went for the classics including a lobster roll, calamari (plain), and Portuguese chowder.  All were done up just fine.  I think Anthony's would be an excellent joint for a big lunch.  Yeah its away from the beach, downtown, and most other shopping, but the food is sweet.  Go for it.
<review# 233,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/22/2013,3/6/2013,34,137,2,2,2>I cannot begin to describe my excitement when my friend brought me here this past summer.  I go weekly when the stand is open and basically get all of my groceries.  The selection is phenomenal and the freshness makes all of the food taste so much better.  I would highly recommend you stop in for groceries or on the way to the beach for a nice treat.
<review# 234,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/22/2013,3/5/2013,59,106,2,4,2>Pam's has been my local go-to breakfast joint ever since they expanded their hours (now open until 2pm on most days). Growing up nearby, I feel a bit nostalgic toward Pam's and I enjoy stopping in and always seeing familiar faces. The servers and alike are very friendly and chatty, they make you feel right at home.I love the pancakes here. In my opinion, best ones around. The rest of the food is good, I have never had a bad meal, but it is the typical diner fare you would expect. They also offer unique and yummy weekly specials and serve the best coffee. I'm pretty sure they get their coffee locally from Mill's coffee. It has a nice smooth flavor, is strong, and always fresh. The large mugs they serve their coffee in are another plus.As much is it pains me to give some negative critique toward the restaurant, it still has its faults. The interior is old and dated. I recall a sunken in ceiling tile that looked as though it would collapse on a customer at any moment; it has since been fixed but was like this for quite some time. The carpeting is old and stained as well. In fact, the whole place is very dated and the bathroom is the worst part. Although, I do believe some outdated features can be part of a diner's charm, Pam's could certainly benefit from some slight repairs. This diner is also not as cheap as others in the area. Their prices are actually on the high side for most of what they offer, however, I usually don't mind paying a little more since the waitresses are great and the portions are large. In a previous review, the condition of the ketchup bottles was mentioned and although it is only a minor detail it is something I have noticed as well, the bottles are filthy! I'm sure they keep the bottles and refill the ketchup with a cheaper brand. To me, ketchup is ketchup but at least clean the bottles! They have also run out of jam on a few occasions or only had one flavor left to choose from.Despite the few drawbacks, I really like Pam's. I enjoy supporting local business and could never hate on a yummy weekend brunch!
<review# 235,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/5/2013,3/4/2013,179,65,,6,4>I had a completely different idea in my head what this place would be like when hearing about it. I imagined big gyms full of a single trampoline and total chaos (which sounds like a good time to me). What it actually is totally different. It's semi non-chaotic play place (the place was packed to the brim when we were there and I wasn't feeling my typical social anxiety taking over) and it seems to have a good system of how to handle large crowds of children. The trampoline "room" is split into little 3x3 or 4x4 squares linked together for walking between them.  There is lots of room (along with benches) for the parents who are watching kids on the side, right next to the jumping area for easy kid tracking. I will say that the staff isn't good about informing first time visitors on how the place works. My son and I kinda walked around for a bit looking lost until another parent must have seen my confusion and helped me out.Good for all ages, but adults may want to stay away school vacations if they don't like packs of wild children. I'll be trying this place on a normal night, from what I heard from other parents there is that it's much more fun for adults when it's a little calmer.
<review# 236,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/4/2013,3/3/2013,261,199,2,4,3>I've been wanting to try this place for a while-- + it exceeded my expectations! First--- our server Lauren was lovely... I really appreciated that she was attentive to our table but not all up in our grill! They also have runners that clear + bring out the food so that you are always being helped. We were given a carafe of water so our cups never went empty!Second-- our food was excellent. I got the bean soup + bean burger with caramelized onions + cheddar with a side of asparagus. The bean burger was HELLAGOOD. It almost tasted like a burger. Everything was delicious. I was able to substitute the fries for veggies. They have an sweet vegan + vegetarian section on their menu-- check out the back page! My friends got the spanakopita pizza + burger... they both looked delicious but the burger was on the smaller side though. Third---The place is super cozy + warm. They do have a bar area + room for medium size groups. We didn't need to make a resi on a thursday night -- they had room but didn't feel empty either. Fourth-- It was a little pricey-- for black bean soup + a bean burger I paid $24 (including tax + tip). They charged me $1.50 to change out the fries + I think $5 for the soup was a tad much since it was a small cup of beans (tasty but small).  We did notice they had a deal from 5-7pm on thursdays (your burger costs the time you order it... so if you order at 5pm it is $5 pretty sweet!) There is street parking which can be tough in that area but def not impossible.  I'll def be back to this little jem. The only reason they didn't get a 5 was because of the price... other than that-- I'm a FAN!If you want a lil cozy din din in your tum tum on hope st. this is your kinda place.
<review# 237,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/2/2012,3/2/2013,6,75,2,3,2>I F***ING love Tex Mex. that's what i call it.. I've been coming here religiously since they first opened. a lot of late drunked nights have ended here with a fat overly stuffed burrito ending up in my hair ear and lap. but i ain't mad.place is small no doubt about it. especially late at night when everyone is getting out of the bars and got them late night munchies.This place is awesome way better then Chipotle down the street. you ask for a lil extra guacamole they charge you a buck fifty. Not at all here 5.99 for a burrito and as many of the toppings you want in it. and it looks like a burrito when they hand it too you. not a ball like the place mentioned above. I've had most of the meats they offer and they are all very good and flavorful, i personally like the chipotle chicken best (how ironic hah)but this is definitely the place to go when you got those munchies and you feel like you can eat the world but got no monies hit up Tex Mex foooo sure
<review# 238,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/7/2012,2/28/2013,28,340,2,3,2>Grabbed some takeout BBQ for the Pats game this past Sunday. I love BBQ and rate the tastiness of any BBQ by my smile. I like to call it, "Mitch's Smile-o-meter." I had bourbon wings, pulled pork, ribs, mac and cheese, cole slaw, and cornbread.I smiled...I smiled some more...I really smiled...and then I jumped for joy (although that was due to the Patriots beating the Broncos). The BBQ was really good! The bourbon wings were tasty and for $19 they gave a nice slab of ribs w/pulled pork and the sides I mentioned above. Everything was delicious and I'd definitely go there again. My wife enjoyed her grilled cheese (she's getting over a cold so she didn't want anything crazy) and my brother said the baked beans were some of the best baked beans he's ever had. What else is there to say?
<review# 239,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/21/2012,2/27/2013,168,347,2,5,1>Apsara is a dance performed only before the king of Cambodia. Did you know that? I didn't until last night, but now I do. And I'm not likely to forget Apsara in a hurry, because whoa this place is delicious. I came with a group of 10 - we made a reservation a few hours before we showed up, which was a good idea. The dining room is large but not really set up for impromptu large gatherings. If you're just showing up with a few people you should be fine without a reservation. We sat down and were blown away by the extensive menu - it was so hard to choose! Every single person at the table got something different, and everyone loved their food. There was something for every palate and everyone's dietary restrictions. I ordered the nim chow for an appetizer - fresh Vietnamese spring rolls, served with a really delicious peanut sauce. The portion was huge for the price - plenty to share with the table! I also had the chicken bee bong, a dish I have never had before. It was crazy good and very filling.Service was a little slow, but we were a huge party and there was another party of 15+ next to us so they get a pass for that. They more than made up for it with the delicious food and extensive offerings. I'm looking forward to heading back soon!
<review# 240,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/15/2013,2/26/2013,7,105,7,8,6>Best. margaritas. ever. Humongous, made with only freshly squeezed limes (not mix- we watched the bartender make them), and only $7.Also, the burrito that only has meat and cheese (called the "Villa" I believe) is to die for. No lettuce or tomato, just the most delicious pork al pastor you've ever tasted in your life. Definitely enough for leftovers. My boyfriend got the burrito and I kind of wished I'd ordered that.I got the enchiladas with mole, and I'm not sure I would again- the mole sauce was top notch, as were the black beans on the side. But the actual enchiladas barely had any cheese in them (disappointing because that was the whole reason I'd ordered enchiladas- I love cheese), and they were also covered in small diced raw white onions, which I didn't care for and couldn't really scrape off. It didn't say onions on the menu- otherwise I would have specified for them to not be included. So it goes.Service was also a bit odd, since we had to wait for over 40 minutes for a table when there were clearly several tables that weren't being used. I don't know if they were just short staffed or what, but at least we had a good time hanging out at the bar with our margaritas in the meantime.
<review# 241,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/19/2011,12/17/2011,92,185,9,4,1>Ya know... I used to avoid Pawtucket at all costs (with the exception of the occasional PawSox game).  Driving through Pawtucket confuses the heck out of me and I'm convinced all the other people on the road are trying to kill me, plus I've just never thought of it as a particularly desirable place to be.  Then I discovered Doherty's, which became Exception #2.  Recently I've discovered Bella Pasta, which is now Exception #3.We found Bella Pasta by picking up a magazine with a cover story on local BYOB restaurants.  Living only one town over and seeing the positive reviews on Yelp made us decide to check it out.  Last Saturday, after a fairly light lunch and an afternoon of paddling, we found ourselves ravenous for an early dinner and decided it would be a great time to give Bella a shot.  It was only around 5:30, so we were seated right away, and our server quickly popped open our bottle of wine and brought over a bread basket with infused olive oil for dipping, which we quickly devoured.I, of course, ordered the Gnocchi Sorrento (sans mushrooms, please).  I consider myself a seasoned gnocchi critic at this point, and this dish definitely scored very high marks with me.  The sauce was delicious, and the gnocchi was tossed together with little bits of fried eggplant and prosciutto, and absolutely smothered with gooey melted cheese.  I'd almost say there was too much cheese on this dish, except I'm pretty sure there is no such thing.  I managed to eat all of the gnocchi (because I will continue to eat gnocchi until it is gone or I explode), but there was still so much eggplant, prosciutto, and cheese left on the dish by the time I threw in the towel that our server asked me if I wanted a box.  I resisted the temptation of taking my eggplant and prosciutto cheese glob home for a midnight snack and declined his offer.  The boyfriend ordered a chicken and broccoli alfredo dish, which I tasted, and it was pretty solid.  Mine totally wins, though!  To top it all off, our fantastic Italian feast set us back a whopping $30-something bucks (not including the wine we brought or gratuity).Recap:* 15 minutes from our house* We got to bring our own booze (Hehe, B.O.O.B.)* Great service* Very fair prices* Huge portions of delicious foodYep, that's a 5 star review if I ever saw one!  Props, Pawtucket... you've surprised me once again!  Now if you'll please excuse me, I'm off to go daydream about gnocchi for the rest of the day!
<review# 242,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/26/2011,12/16/2011,12,27,6,3,4>My girlfriend and I went here for lunch on a Saturday afternoon about a week ago in our quest to find a replacement for the apparently defunct Chilangos. In the interest of full disclosure this review is being written by a non-Californian who doesn't care about fish tacos. Seriously, go back to California or shut up about fish tacos. Everybody knows, nobody cares...except other Californians. That's not directed at anyone in particular, i just can't stand wading through bad reviews of various Mexican places because some Californian doesn't like their fish tacos. Now onto the food, we really liked it. The headline for me is: affordable, fresh & friendly. Our experience was great, the food was fresh and prepared to order. My GF had three different kinds of tacos (leguna, Carnitas & carne asada) and two different tamales (verdes & mole). I'll say these were the first tamales I have ever liked, they had flavor without being just dry and weird. I had a burrito with the carne asada. The burrito's here are very big. Like a football. I find burrito construction varies from place to place and my ignorance of Mexican regional cuisine doesn't help identifying the variations. That said i enjoyed this one but had total food envy after tasting my girlfriends tacos (yeah...that sounded weird). We also had a plate of nachos to start and loved the guac. It had more cilantro than we're used to but didn't mind a bit. I'd also like to add that it's surprisingly easy to get to. Right over the Pawtucket line into Central Falls. Not having a full bar meant no tequila based drinks but Mexican coke actually made up for it in my book.
<review# 243,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,10/4/2011,12/15/2011,55,257,,3,4>Two words: strong coffee. Prices are high, but the coffee is good.  They offer a bunch of deliciously fresh baked goods to accompany your cup of extra powerful joe. Seating inside and out.  Attracts a lot of college/gay customers.  Free wi-fi.  Regulars will crowd up this place not leaving many seats open.
<review# 244,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/18/2011,12/14/2011,68,635,2,5,2>Okay, so being the committed Yelper that I am and wanting to make sure that when it comes to BBQ, I can speak of what I know, I have just returned from Becky's.  Yes, I did this for you and no other reason...aside from the fact I am from the Great Republic of Texas.  Anyway, I think this is a very safe bet.  The food is great and the prices are really good.So, here is the deal:  Ribs, fantastic.  They are served dry, which is how it should be served, and your sauce is on the side.  They have Tomato, Mustard and Vinegar based sauces.  Tomato is best on ribs.   Pulled Pork, looks strange, but is fantastic and is enhanced with the vinegar based sauce.  Fortunately for me, it was not dry and was very moist.  So given some of the other reviews, I might ask before ordering because dry pulled pork is horrible.  The chicken is probably some of the best smoked chicken I have ever had.  To the sides, the beans are different then what you would expect, but they are amazing.  It is like a three bean thing going on with Kidney/Red beans, navy beans and of all things, Lima beams.  I almost cried fowl at that, but was told to try them and shut up.  Glad I did, but I wont shut up about them.  They were amazing. The coleslaw is a pass.  Not very good and not enough condiments to remedy.  The corn bread is true southern style cornbread, moist and just a hint of sweet.  Nothing like this 'cakey' stuff I am used to finding here in RI.They do offer 'pulled' beef.  This may be a RI thing.  I claim for the Republic of Texas this to be unnatural...but I did ask.  It is just smoked brisket, as I suspected, and instead of slicing, they pull it.  I suspect it is more chopped, which is allowed.  Chopped beef sandwich is in the rule book.Anyway, this would be the place to go if you are in the mood for good stuff at a great price.Oh, PS.  I had some of their pecan pie.  They make is on site.  So this was my first New England pecan pie.  It is not like anything I have ever had.  It seemed more like a big overstuffed pecan soft cookie.  It was good/okay, but not what I would call pie.  It was also a bit pricey for the size of the serving at $2.50.  So take that for what it is.
<review# 245,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/12/2011,12/13/2011,331,340,,4,4>Since moving back to Newport, this is my "place" I take people when they come into town. The food is GREAT. I tend to hang in the bar area as the bartenders, while busy, they are still are still attentive. And Happy. The margaritas are the shiz, and the $7 menu is pretty great as well! Oh, whats that? You're hungover from Saturday night and need a ginormous plate of food to soak up the booze? Yup. Perro does Brunch. Its only on Sundays and it starts at Noon. Get there right at noon, for oa great table in the bar area. Its dark, but thats ok... It will allow you to take your sunglasses off without that major migraine kicking in. ;)
<review# 246,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/2/2011,12/12/2011,40,151,3,5,4>Yes, yes, yes! This is the place if you want a nice meal with a quiet, charming atmosphere. Let me say, when you go- be ready to spend some time and cash! Not because the service is slow or the food is expensive, but because you will want to savor everything that is brought to your table- AND you should try to order as many menu items as you can afford to eat! Everything here is amazing!When my husband and I go, we plan to spend a nice evening and a pretty penny. If they have the zucchini flowers- you MUST get them! They are stuffed with a lemon-mint ricotta that is out of this world. The clams alforno are the next thing to order- simply delicious! We always order a pizza too! Don't worry about it, you WILL eat it all! It is the lightest, most decadent pizza I've ever had.Typically we will order the dirty steak and a pasta as our entree- every pasta is good, but the dirty steak is great! To finish off our gluttony, we order whatever specialty tarte they are making in house that night. You should order your desert early because they make them to order. One night (in the summer) we had the specialty tarte that was an heirloom tomato tarte and tasted like pineapple. To this day, it is the best desert I have EVER eaten!
<review# 247,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/14/2011,12/11/2011,96,508,,2,4>I've been slowly working my way through the major steak joints in Providence this past month and finally got to the Capital Grille. I've been here before (they do amazing amazing amazing burgers and dogs in the summer during water fire). Yay!We made a reservation for the same day which was nice - and unexpected. They were running about 20 minutes late from the reservation though when we got there (it was at 8:45 we sat around 9:05ish) but that's fine. Had a couple of fab cocktails at the bar first. For a Saturday night, this place is bumping!Full disclosure - i'm not a huge steak lover. I can totally appreciate a good steak but I'm the go-to-a-steak-house-order-the-fish kind of girl. My other half is a  HUGE steak fan so ya know what, why not. We were sat at a fantastic table - booth and the waiter was awesome. He was funny and could appreciate that we had a few drinks and were in the mood for a tasty dinner.Started off wit the Crock (a huge pot) of french onion soup, followed by green beans, half order of mashed potatoes and half order of au gratin potatoes and I had the swordfish which was awesome. IT WAS A HUGE PIECE OF FISH! YAYAYAYAYAYAY! I love when you totally get your money's worth. My boyfriend had the Filet and was totally in love with it. Great job Capital Grille! You are by far my favorite Steak House. Nice nice job!
<review# 248,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/26/2011,12/10/2011,44,172,2,3,2>So, we're a tad temperamental.  After one poor experience with management (not the service, not the food), we had not visited in almost 2 years!  After finding out the offender was no longer an issue, La Laiterie was  back into our dining-out line up.  So psyched to have this player back!So much has changed - the renovations, long since complete, give the illusion of a larger space without sacrificing the intimacy or casual elegance La Laiterie has always embraced.  After a little more than brief wait (for a table that was already empty, just not set) we sat outside (Hurricane Irene is still a few days away - enjoy it while it lasts!)  Victoria was a personable and knowledgeable server - describing the specifics of the specials and substitutions with detail and accompanying adjectives.I had forgotten how much I missed the eclectic selections of wines, beers and custom cocktails, and the absolutely delight their grilled cheese and cheese monger's mac 'n cheese brings to my life.  So despite the last chance for their summer menu - we went with the ol' faithful artery cloggers.  However - we did experiment with our app, and got the shrimp and grits with bacon jam: out of this world!There is a reason this place is almost always full - the hype does live up to the experience.
<review# 249,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/1/2011,12/9/2011,6,37,6,8,6>LOVE LOVE LOVE their food.1) I was amazed at their iPhone credit card machine 2) Korean drinks!  Tried a melon soda that was quite yummy3) There's always a line (attesting to its popularity), but the wait for my food has never been more than 5-8 minutes.4) They have different specials all the time, which keep me coming back to try new Korean food!!5) I can see them cook food through the window, so I know everything is clean!6) FREE SAMPLESI love Mama Kim's, and would come here for lunch, dinner, or something in between.  I love their Korean Dumplings made with Kimchee (it was one of their special items).  Everybody needs to try out the food truck revolution!
<review# 250,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/14/2011,12/8/2011,52,188,1,6,1>Okay, I used to have a novel published here about:1) The allergic reaction I had to cupcakes on my first Duck and Bunny visit (I'm allergic to peanuts).2) Apologies from the owner and steps taken to prevent further allergic reactions.3) The cupcakes.But these guys rock at responding to customer feedback, and have implemented a number of precautions for allergic people, including separate utensils for peanut and non-peanut cupcakes. I really feel safe now from any allergic issues. Thank you Mr. Duck!!Now that I've been to Duck and Bunny a lot, I'm going to simplify this. I'm a HUGE cupcake snob and have high expectations for cupcakes. I LOVE trophy cupcakes and simply desserts in seattle, alexandria cupcake in DC, and two little red hens in NYC. I think Duck and Bunny makes some solid cupcakes. The honey lavendar, portuguese sweet bread, and thin mint brownie are absolutely DELISH! I wish they would experiment more with flavors like guinness and irish cream... but I can't complain. They've got some interesting flavors and produce a good texture of cake. The frostings are satisfying, unique--could be a little bolder, but well balanced to cake context.Can I also give a nod to the fantastic brunch these guys have on weekends!? When did they even start having brunch? I thought this was more a late night (date?!) spot than anything else. But the LATKES benedict is ingenious and dare-I-say... more satisfying than the crepes...!?Pair anything with the apricot black iced tea. I think the iced tea alone has one over the addictive part of my brain. And heart.
<review# 251,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/28/2014,8/27/2014,466,705,3,3,3>A beautiful farm just a few minutes away from where I live. I decided that I wanted to go strawberry picking with the BF and so we took the afternoon and travelled here. Can I start out by saying that the day was beautiful with a slight breeze in the air and this may influence my rating?!Upon arrival, you quickly park your car and notice several things: fields and fields of green, greenhouses with customers going in and out of them, a garden nursery and a covered area with freshly picked fruits, vegetables and some baked goods. I think I would have been perfectly content just shopping in their fresh fruits and vegetable section. They had a freezer full of chicken pies and corn bread and baskets upon baskets of fresh fresh fruits and vegetables throughout their little store. After rummaging through that place, we took a tractor out to the strawberry fields.You can immediately smell the strawberries in the air, the smell was THAT strong. You park yourself and carry in your box that was given to you at the door and start picking. There is no time limit and they're there form 9-4pm. The tractor goes back and forth so you can return back whenever your'e done picking. I think we were there for an hour and picked about 10 lbs of strawberries. I think the price per lbs is actually as much as it was to buy the strawberries in the store but it was nice to be outside and pick your own food. Lots of kids there and they had a good time!We have so many of these strawberries that we made everything and still have half left: strawberry muffins, strawberry ice cream, smoothies, bread pudding, cookies. All were great!
<review# 252,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/10/2014,8/26/2014,51,175,,4,2>Got a sandwich here for dinner tonight, delicious! I went with the chicken falafel wrap. Chicken was cooked perfectly, falafel was fresh and tasty. You could tell that they must made it, and it hadn't been sitting around all afternoon. Staff was super friendly. Everything is made fresh right in front of you. Very welcoming place. Plenty of seats to eat in the restaurant, huge flat screen TV, and perfect for take out. Can't wait to go back and try more sandwiches and salads on the menu. This place will definitely be hopping before and after the beach this summer! Side note, they will be offering pizza soon and delivery this coming fall.
<review# 253,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/5/2014,8/25/2014,296,230,,3,5>I LOVE LaSalle!This is their busier location since it's right near LaSalle Academy and RIC, but they've gotten better at crowd management over the years.I hadn't stopped in for awhile, but when I did the other day I was impressed. They finally have roping so that people stay in line and are helped in the order they come in. There were so many days when I used to come here that I would have to fight through the angry mob to get to the bakery counter. The new setup is much appreciated.Their chais are mad good, and they have a ton of flavors that they can do hot or iced. My favorites are the pumpkin and the vanilla. They also have really good coffee.This is THE PLACE to get cannolis. They make the best pistachio ones. Those are my favorite, and most other places don't do them quite right. One time I came in with my boyfriend and they were having an oh-so-dangerous cannoli sale. We ended up with two boxes full and pretty much wiped the place out. I swear they weren't just for us! We were trying to spread the deliciousness at work.When I came in the other day, I noticed a few new things. Kale pies!? I had to give it a try. It was surprisingly delicious. It was much like a spinach pie, except better because I love kale. And they make it in a whole wheat pocket. It was just the right amount of food for breakfast.LaSalle makes awesome soup too. Make sure you grab some from the fridge. I could rave about this place for days. Everything is so good and the service is always top notch. Please just go! Go right now!
<review# 254,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/1/2014,8/24/2014,12,104,3,3,4>A lot of love and passion has been put into this bike path. It starts from Downtown right by the mall and goes to Johnston.  Totals about 6 miles one way I believe.  It includes several playgrounds and a community garden.  There are signs that read "Have a heart. Do your part" and "Passion" and "Have a nice day!"  It's not crowded at all...I biked on a Sunday at 4 PM and there were some others particularly around the playgrounds but definitely not as many people as the East Bay Bike Path.  The path includes some on-road paths so you'll have to bike in traffic.  That's a plus or a minus....sometimes I like to ride in the city and enter the a quiet and serene off-road path....it connects the community to nature.  This is a hidden natural resource on the West Side of PVD.
<review# 255,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/12/2014,8/23/2014,25,68,1,3,4>Thanks to Yelp and a little write up by RI Monthly, Dante's Kitchen was the destination of choice for dinner this past weekend. In my mind, when you can combine BYOB with a menu full of southern flair cooking, you honestly can't go wrong.The place is very tiny and when we walked in there was only one other couple dining. We got seats at the bar which worked out perfect because literally 30 minutes later the place was jam packed (our waitress pointed out that half the restaurant is left for walk-ins, while the other tables are strictly for reservations).While there were many different dishes on the menu that looked very tasty we narrowed our choices down to the oyster po boy, chorizo sweet potato hash and the bacon braised brussel sprouts. The portion sizes were not overwhelming but just right and the flavors of each dish were very very tasty. My favorite out of the three was hands down the brussel sprouts with bacon...I mean lets be honest, who doesn't love their veggies braised with bacon?We finished off our meal with the bourbon bread pudding. It was served with this homemade apple butter and a scoop of vanilla ice cream. I'm not the biggest dessert person but needless to say plate was cleaned off in under 2 minutes.Overall I really liked Dante's. The atmosphere is very inviting, the food was very tasty and our service was great. I also like the fact that they keep your beer and wine chilled for you while you dine (which most BYOB places I've been to don't) but the downside to it which I wasn't aware of until I paid was the added $7 fee on the bill for glasses / corking.Next time I'm in the area and in the mood for some southern cooking, I'll be sure to grab a six pack and head over to Dante's.
<review# 256,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/13/2014,8/22/2014,33,41,4,4,3>First off.... I LOVE a noodle so this place started at 4 stars walking in. Add to it a nice table by a cozy fire, great service, and darn tasty food! My friend and I split chicken pad thai w pho noodles and (based on the servers recommendation) the spicy eggplant clay pot with brown rice. Both were cooked perfectly and so flavorful.  I'll be back pho sure! Haha!
<review# 257,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/13/2014,8/21/2014,11,83,2,5,5>Why isn't anyone talking about their chili? It's filling, tasty, and perfect for a quick cheap meal. Wildflour is definitely in the top three places for me to grab lunch while on break from work.The cornbread and chocolate peanut-butter cup cakes are fabulous. I will say that they  are both heavy/ dense if you compare them to non-vegan varieties, but ( I think) in a good way. If you're looking from something lighter, grab a coffee cake. Many reviewers have mentioned that the staff can be rather cold and I will say that my experience has been pretty 50/50. Some of the people seem happy to be there, others not so much. I'm not surprised that they can be gruff sometimes. On multiple occasions I have seen people shout orders at them when it was clearly not their turn to get a cupcake. Chill folks, everyone will have a turn to ask 30 questions about how the ingredients were sourced. Free infused water next to the cash register if you're like me and can't bring yourself to spend $6 on drinks that don't contain alcohol.
<review# 258,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/29/2014,8/20/2014,27,174,1,9,2>Most people go out for dinner, drinks, and a movie. Route One Cinema Pub combines all of these activities into one wonderful reasonably priced experience. Cinema Pub shows 2nd run movies for the low price of $6 a movie ($8 for 3D) in one of their 2 theaters. Once inside the theater you select your table and seat. The seats are comfortable rolling chairs and then a waitress comes over and takes your food and drink order. They have a wide range of appetizers, sandwiches, your traditional movie staples such as candy and popcorn, and a decent beer and wine selection.The food is great. We got the calamari for an app and then we each got a burger and fries. The calamari was unexpectedly awesome and the burgers were juicy and flavorful. Just an FYI I ordered mine medium rare and it was actually medium rare so be ready for a perfectly cooked burger. We also got a couple of drinks. Just like the movie the food and drinks were very reasonably priced. Similar to what you would pay in a normal pub.The picture and sound quality of the movie were comparable to a standard movie cinema. The only drawback is that the waitresses have to walk by and whisper to take and deliver orders but it is barely noticeable.They also have some awesome specials. Monday and Tuesdays are 2 for 1 ticket night and then Wednesdays is date night. You get 2 tickets, 2 entrees, and a pitcher of beer or bottle or wine for $30!!! I really liked the atmosphere, it is an excellent date spot that wont break the bank. Every aspect of the experience exceeded my expectation. I would recommend showing up 15-20 minutes before your movie starts so you can get a good seat and place your order before the movie starts. What better way to watch a movie than eating and enjoying a few adult beverages? I cant think of many. I will definitely be back!!
<review# 259,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/6/2014,8/19/2014,73,433,2,4,4>A year has passed since my first experience at Bacaro. We took a chance and showed up without a reservation on a Saturday night. The dining room was full for another 2 1/2 hours but luckily the bar area is first come, first served so we snagged the last high top table.The staff were friendly and our server was knowledgeable about the menu and happy to accommodate some weird alterations I wanted made to a dish.We started with the Wood-Grilled Octopus. Holy Sh*t! So good. The octopus was so tender and juicy yet it had the best smoky, grilled flavor to it. It was served on a perfect bed of baby arugula with grapefruit sections and a dollop of olive tapenade. OK, let's just take a moment to salivate on that flavor memory..........Next up, my pasta entree. Here's my issue with Bacaro. It's flippin' pricey. There were two options for a non-meat eater such as myself. Cacio e Pepe or the Pasta Con i Funghi. $26 just seemed like way too much to pay for pasta with some pepper and cheese so I opted for the Pasta Con i Funghi. I had this the first time I dined at Bacaro and it was much better this time since I requested the truffled egg on the side. That way I was able to just add in a little as I wished. But still, this was pricey for a vegetarian pasta dish.Our brownie dessert with vanilla ice cream was the perfect portion since we were both stuffed from dinner. The espresso drinks were terrible. A latte and a cappuccino couldn't be distinguished from one another and the server who brought them to us, didn't know which one was the decaf.So overall, the effort they are putting forth on the back end is apparent but the added costs that are relayed to the customer are a little hard to swallow.One note of mention, I ordered a specialty drink and mentioned I thought it had champagne in it and the server did come back and suggest I get it with prosecco since their champagne is really pricey. They could've just stuck me with a $20 cocktail but I appreciated the honesty and my $11 French 75 was very tasty.
<review# 260,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/2/2013,8/18/2014,62,60,2,3,3>So I've had my reservations with Eastside Market in the past.  Their produce always seems old and bruised and I've had the occasional container of tomatoes or berries with mold hiding at the bottom.  But their staff is always incredibly helpful.  Their deli and prepared foods section is so varied and they are open late- 'til 10pm each night.  On my last visit to the market, it was pouring buckets and I was met in the parking lot by a young man working for the market, holding an umbrella over me and my boys as we ran from the car to the entrance of the market.  He was so polite and asked if my older boy would like to drive the grocery cart with the kids jeep in front.  What a great impression he made on my shopping experience.   Truth be told, Eastside Market is more expensive and doesn't have the same variety of products as a larger market but it's convenient and an easy option for a small shopping.
<review# 261,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/17/2013,11/13/2013,63,77,3,4,4>Providence has some surprising breadth and depth in its variety of cuisine options, and Mi Guatemala is certainly a good example of this. Its unassuming location belies its fun ambiance -- a little kitschy, yes, but it has a fun look and style, sort of like a ranch, and totally unironic.The service is very sweet, and even though they don't speak much English, they are patient, attentive, and helpful. I ordered the carne adobada and a side of platanos. Before my food came out, we were given a platter of house-made tortilla chips with two sauces that were unexpectedly different. What I thought was salsa turned out to be something more like warm marinara sauce, and it was accompanied by a dark chili paste in oil (which the waitress warned was "very spicy" but which I found only mildly so). These two sauces worked nicely in concert. I also liked that they put a wheel of lime on my glass of water instead of the typical lemon.My carne adobada was pretty good -- well-done, as previous reviews have said, but also nicely seasoned, flavorful, and pretty tender, if a little dry. The rice and salad accompanying it were nothing special, but the plantains were terrific -- just the right ripeness, and perfectly sweet, charred, and yielding. We also got tortillas to accompany our entrees, and a small pot of pickled jalapenos that I enjoyed spooning over my rice. The bill for three people came out to around $15 each with tip, which I thought was pretty reasonable given how overstuffed and content I felt as I was leaving. Though there are some other Central/South American restaurants I like a little bit more in this area (El Rancho Grande, Los Andes, El Taconazo), Mi Guatemala is a good find, too, with a strong menu and pleasant service.
<review# 262,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/18/2013,11/12/2013,31,77,,4,3>Usually, I don't review a restaurant with only 1 visit under my belt, but I have to make an exception in this case.The Mrs and I celebrated our anniversary on a Wednesday night and after reading the reviews and brousing the menu, we decided on Red Stripe.Parking was a easy considering it was Wayland Square. We parked 1 street over and found a little alley that led right to the restaurant. The place was jammed packed at 8pm (a good sign we made the right choice). The hostess gave us the last seats in the place. Service was spot on. I informed the waitress it was our first time and she was happy to give a little guidence for our meal.The Sierra Nevada was ice cold from the tap and so good.The moules were crazy good. (they'd better be for 19 bucks..yowzer!) Plump, tender, fresh PEI mussels in a curry and cream broth that was out of this world. (they offer several different varieties of broth) A little extra bread to dunk in after...So worth the $$!I got the hanger steak with frites and she got the seseme crusted tuna with artichokes..both dishes were delicious. Honestly, it was one of the best meals I've had in quite a while. Everything from the bread to the frites to the entrees were prepared with a little love.I loved the decor. The woodwork, the open kitchen, and the black and white classic mosaic tile that reminded us of Caffe Vittoria in the North End.
<review# 263,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/6/2013,11/11/2013,1202,670,7,3,4>Nick's frustrates me. The food is absolutely wonderful, great seasoning, pretty to look at, and prior to the bar expansion a few years back, one particular meal was one of the top 3 memorable meals I've had in Providence in 5 years living here. I drool thinking about how great it was: best soup I have ever tasted, random tasty (free!) amuse bouches in between courses, refreshing (free!) watermelon sorbet course, and a savory lamby concoction that almost made me get all bath salts on chef Derek b/c I just got waaaaaaay too overstimulated for my own good. So damn you Nick's and your tasty goodness that attracts way too many people all the time so that it's damn near impossible to get a quiet, non-claustrophobic, delicious meal anymore with freebie perks and without a ridiculous wait and sometimes unintentionally negligent service because of all the other bastard drooling hordes anticipating encouraging their own cracked out overstimulated messes of selves post ingestion.... and can't you just give me a regular reserved kitchen-side stool with my name on a plaque front and center and let me stroll in at all hours, sit down, have food magically appear and just leave me be to just drool into my undoubtedly yummy meal in blissful peace? So frustrating.
<review# 264,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/2/2013,11/10/2013,36,74,,4,3>Mesa Cafe and Grill serves up so-so American food, but OUTSTANDING, reasonably-priced Mexican food! If you have a hankering for Mexican-anything, this is your cute brekkie/lunch spot! Order now, cause the joint closes at 2 pm, boo! My boyfriend and I needed a pick-me-up after a rough morning (5 am wake-up call to credit card fraud on his account!) and decided to give brekkie at Mesa a whirl. We ordered Mexican dishes based on Yelp recs: Crispy Chicken Tacos and the Breakfast Burrito with Chorizo.Crispy Chicken Tacos....YUM YUM YUM! My new fave Mexican entree here in PVD! For $6.50, you get 5 chicken taquito-looking tacos that are covered in lettuce, pico de gallo, and some sort of queso fresco sauce. This thing fills up an entire plate!The breakfast burrito and hash browns were solid, but it became quite the expensive dish once we added chorizo (8 bucks). If I were a new customer, I'd come for a brunch or lunch and order the Tostadas, Tacos, or Enchiladas. I bet those are delish!
<review# 265,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/4/2013,11/9/2013,29,63,1,4,2>Helllloooo central falls! Thank goodness they delivered to my house in providence. We tried the spinach and artichoke rangoons which had just enough filling and the mozzarella triangles, both were crispy and triangular food taste best! The wings are sauced just right we had the buffalo(im melting) and the bourbo(sweet relief) and the fries are not your average spuds. Of course we had to try dessert. We chose the tres leches cake, it was the cool sweet end to a delisciously crispy spicy meal. And they gave us $5 off so its like dessert is free. :) we will be calling the village again soon.
<review# 266,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/15/2013,11/8/2013,81,227,7,10,4>The West Side Diner was something of a legend before it even opened. Rumors have long swirled around the West End regarding the restoration project that has been taking place on Westminster for years. It was said that this would be run by Mike Sears - the renowned restaurateur who brought us Lili Marlene's, Loie Fuller's, Ama's, and Justine's.It was said that it would be open overnight, filling a great need catering to the bar crowd spilling out of the E&O, Avery, Scurvy Dog and other West End bars.It was said that it would serve liquor in addition to food.I'm pretty sure at one point I heard that Christopher Walken himself would greet you at the door and regale you with stories of his lion taming days.It turns out none of these rumors were true. Perhaps at one time they were going to happen (especially the Christopher Walken thing), but when the place finally opened it was just a regular breakfast-and-lunch diner owned by the same folks who run the Seaplane on Allens Ave.I've gone a few times in the short while the West Side Diner has been open. I found the service to be excellent and very attentive. The first time the waitress was so concerned about making sure we were happy that I thought maybe she was one of the owners. Perhaps as a result of some of the less positive reviews on here they're really working to improve the service, or maybe the early reviews just reflect a little disorganization inherent in opening a new business. The food is good, basic diner fare. It's not really accurate to compare West End Diner to foodie establishments like Julians, Nicks, or Kitchen. The best point of comparison in the neighborhood is probably The Classic Cafe. The menu seems to have fewer options than Classic but it also seems a bit cheaper. I could see being disappointed if you went in expecting Loie Fullers and instead got Haven Brothers, but if you're just looking for a cheap, quick place to grab a simple bite, West Side Diner is worth checking out.
<review# 267,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/16/2013,11/7/2013,32,93,3,6,5>This place was PHENOMENAL!! Only two bites in and my boyfriend and I decided this was a favorite already and we were sure to be back. Located in Wayland Square, we had heard from different friends that this was the place to go for sushi in RI. So we decided to try it, and boy were we happy! The different selection of specialty rolls kept us wanting to try them all.The ambience was great, nothing crazy, definitely family environment. Staff was friendly and helpful, we had one woman (forgot her name) the catering supervisor recommend us a couple of rolls. She was so nice. The 92 bus drops you off 2 blocks from the restaurant, convenient!
<review# 268,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/14/2013,11/6/2013,23,137,2,2,2>Such a FUN store with fabric designs quite unusual for the sort of  "staid" state that is RI.  I frequently bemoan the fact that RI simply does not have places to shop with funky, unusual (yet still tasteful) items.  There are a paltry few of these shops - and Kreatelier is one of them.  Two women got together a few years ago and combined their style and abilities to sew and upholster, and thus, Kreatelier was founded!   I have been going there regularly since they opened - they always have something interesting to look at and/or purchase - be it aprons, artwork on the walls, lunch bags, backpacks  - you name it - made of the most fun fabrics.  I am going there tomorrow to sort through their fabric catalogs because I want to cover a piece of furniture.  Since Kreatelier just popped into my mind, and since I just love this place, I wanted to be sure to stop and Yelp! about - it deserves all five stars (and more!) which I've assigned to it.  RI needs more unique and individual shops - sad that there are so few.  Thank heavens for Kreatelier!!!  (On Hope Street, on the East Side, not far from Seven Stars Bakery - another fave of mine).
<review# 269,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/1/2013,11/5/2013,11,131,3,10,3>Wonderful experience.I'm a cook, so my rule of thumb when I decide to drop money on a restaurant, is I can make myself I'm not paying for it. I definitely cannot make what they are producing in that tiny kitchen myself. This place is obviously a labor of love as the chef and his wife are both visible in the restaurant. Both the bartenders/waitress bring dishes as well as the kitchen staff. Each dish is explained before you get to take your first bite.  They are playing with some fun cooking techniques, so if you're food geek or a culinary student(That means you fellow JWU culinary kids!) it's fun place to visit.  Service is great, and everyone was happy to chat or answer questions. Attention to detail and food preparation is excellent. We enjoyed all the dishes we tried. Everything was gorgeous and tasted even better than it looked. Highlights included the swordfish and the perogies.  I can't say I agree with complaints about the portion, I think portion sizes and prices are appropriate, especially considering the quality of the ingredients and quality of preparation.   Although it's not splattered all of  the menu(which is a huge pet peeve of mine, I love that the ingredients did not come off the sysco truck and have not traveled halfway across the world, but I don't need to know where every single solitary thing on my plate came from), they are using seasonal ingredients from New England and it's being prepared by a crew who obviously knows what they're doing.
<review# 270,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/9/2013,11/4/2013,231,95,,9,6>Sometimes it takes more than one visit to get the full effect of a place. Or in my case, four visits. Here's how it went down: First visit - We had brunch and the place relatively empty. Ryan was swooning over their freshly made apple juice. I was in love with their polenta fries. The services was slow but sufficient. Not bad.Second visit - We came back for lunch. I didn't take advantage of their make-your-own mimosa option but I did have some peach bourbon lemonade that was quite amazing. My burger was meh. Service was still really spotty.Third visit - We came back for brunch and waited by the hostess table for about 5 mins. When she finally came to say hi, she asked how many and said there would be a 30 min wait and then walked away again. Unless she has a great memory, I'm not sure how she knew the order in which parties were being seated because there were at least 6 other groups ahead of us. Needless to say, we walked out.Fourth visit - It was as if Succotash threw a Hail Mary during our meal. Ryan and I came for dinner on a Friday night and the place was packed but comfortable. We were seated pretty quickly and our waitress was wonderful. They do an awesome thing on Friday called "Friday Night Flights" and you can choose between beer or bourbon. We both went with the bourbon and it was wonderful! We ordered the polenta fries again and they were even better than we remembered. Ryan went with their famous Chicken and Waffles with fresh maple syrup. I went with their epic grilled cheese (pretty sure there were at least 3 different kinds) with BACON.We topped off dinner with a pumpkin cheesecake and quickly fell into a food coma. Gotta say, Succotash really impressed me and I hope this means that they're finally ironing out all of the logistics of their place. The restaurant itself is beautiful. We'll definitely be back!
<review# 271,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/20/2013,6/29/2013,19,122,2,2,2>Big burgers.  Tasty sides.  Darn good nachos.Best thing is that you build your own burger.  Pick the meat, bun, cheese, toppings, etc. to get it just the way you want it.  Lots of fun for the kids to pick exactly how they want it.You can even build your own Mac & Cheese, which sounds delicious.And prices are quite reasonable.   Love this place.
<review# 272,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/10/2013,6/28/2013,39,43,2,2,2>Famous Pizza makes me laugh because they're not famous for their pizza everyone loves them for their sandwiches. This place has the best grilled chicken grinder ever. I always get it with provolone, green peppers, lettuce, tomato and mayo. It's the friggin bomb. The guys who work in there are cool too...very chill.Fun Fact: They have no fryolator so don't expect to order fries or onion rings with your sandwich.
<review# 273,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/10/2013,6/27/2013,85,139,12,13,8>Providence Place Mall, a starry-eyed icon of American sin built forth from the ashes of greed and credit debt, rising up like a great phoenix while spreading it's wings of skinny models and seductive pseudo-sales. A beacon to the bottom feeder poor, and the affluent top tier....Sweet mall bro! Seriously though, this is one of the best malls I have been to selection-wise, wealth neutrality wise, and cleanliness..factor..wise.As many have stated, the parking garage setup/elevator system was built by the Faun, Pan, you may have heard of his labyrinth. It is such a convoluted maze, even Icaraus with wings of wax would not be able to navigate.A malls a mall so I'll go right straight to the PRO TIPS:1.) Best views of the city (besides the obvious top floor one you'll walk by on the way to foodcourt) would be on the top level in the cafe nordstrom restaurant. Panoramic amazingness. Some people don't even know this little sit down and eat gem exists! The other view is from the store 'Restoration Hardware'. Check it out, the store is cool and you won't be disappointed by the cool view.2.) Wanted to grab food court but the mall just closed!? Don't worry they stay open an extra half hour in the food court, dunks does not though.3.) You're poor, and the mall closed AND you still want food court AND its almost past the last half hour when food closes down!? The chinese food places pre-pack their last tidbits of food up in mix boxes and will sell to you at a discount AND you can haggle price depending on current customer demand.4.) Been parked at the mall so long you owe over 7 dollars? Maybe a full day rate of 25 dollars?! Go to the ticket service station in the mall next to GNC, tell them you lost your ticket, they'll give you a new one for 7 dollars.5.) You're walking to the mall from the west side/ it's raining out/ its very hot out / you hate being outside? If you get into the dunks center, you can walk inside from there to the providence visitor center, to the Rhode Island Convention center, through a pedestrian bridge walk over the street into the Westin, through another pedestrian bridge walk over the highway to the mall. Over 2000 feet of covered travel! They're all connected!6.) Peepee and boomboom rooms almost all close...at closing, except the ones near D&B. Which also closes after the security guard makes it rain there for his final time.P.S. They have a Dave And Busters which is fun! Though it also just seems like a huge 'To Catch a Predator' trap to me if you know how I feel about them. ( yelp.com/biz/dave-and-bu )Hope this review helped and please remember to vote and subscribe! ::points to upper right corner in a youtube video or something::
<review# 274,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/30/2013,6/26/2013,14,82,2,3,4>Paint & Vino is so much fun!! I went there last night for the CMYE... What a great time! An awesome place for a girls night out, a group, or I'd even go there by myself for a get away night! It is in downtown Pawtucket, and the actual entrance faces the Blackstone River so if you are driving down Main Street searching for it it's a little tricky. They have dedicated parking which is actually on Roosevelt Ave, and a nice convenience. They have a very nice terrace with cozy chairs overlooking the Blackstone River to sit out and enjoy your vino!The art instructor Jessica who was there last night was super fun! She jumped up on stage and showed everyone step by step how to make a lovely painting and walked around the room to encourage us as we created our works of art! Truly a fun time! I can't wait to go back!
<review# 275,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/17/2012,6/25/2013,55,48,2,2,2>I have been wanting to visit Flan Y Ajo for quite some time now, but it always looks way too packed at dinner time, so I went in for lunch today to catch up with a good friend. I love tapas and being of European decent, wanted to find something that reminded me of being back in Portugal or Spain. Let me tell you, Flan Y Ajo did not disappoint! I brought a bottle of Campo Viejo Rioja from my local neighborhood wine store and my server was more than happy to open it for us and bring us some cool wine glasses. During lunch hours they offer a smaller tapas menu as well as yummy toasted sandwiches served with ingredients like pulled pork, ham, eggs, cheese, and the list goes on. Then they are cut into smaller bite sized pieces. delish! Being here set my entire mood for the rest of the day, I was extremely relaxed and content with life. I legit felt like I was in Madrid, not downtown Prov.  Yes, this place is small and yes there are only about 6 seats in the entire place, And yes that's totally cool with me!! Its a tapas bar people!! If you cant find a place to sit the entire space has a nice wooden rail that goes around all the walls, plenty of room for your small plates, bottle of wine, and glasses. It reminded me so much of my dad and how he eats, he always eats standing up and when I used to tell him to sit down at the table he always said," In the old country we rarely ever sit down when we eat!" That's how its done in Europe and that's how its done at flan Y ajo!  I cant wait to return here, everything was just full of flavor and of high quality. The owners/cooks/servers put passion, love, and care into every dish they toss at you! Come with a open mind, come relaxed, and leave snotty attitudes,drama,and the I'm better than everyone attitude at home!! Oh and leave your kids at home too!! This is not a place for kids so leave them with the sitter! best of luck to everyone at Flan!
<review# 276,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/8/2013,6/24/2013,226,1170,1,4,2>This is real Mexican food dammit. A shack in a sketchy area with a Mexican woman cooking for you while you watch Curly Sue dubbed in Spanish. Right on. None of this tex mex nonsense. I stopped in for a pastor taco sans onion, a beef quesadilla, and a chicken tostada. Fresh and awesome. Cheap and still comes with a side of 2 salsas and fresh pico. I like that they have Jarritos pop and lots of parking. The only thing I did not love was the flan. A bit more jello like than creamy and not that sweet. I prefer the flan at El Rancho Grande. But the food overall was very good. Be prepared to wait awhile if there are a few people in front of you, fyiUpdate Aug 2013--Stopped in for a burrito. Very good quality as usual and comes with a lime. no pico this time. Love the green sauce in the fridge. The staff is very nice. They have what is supposed to be apple pop here but it is more of a watered down apple juice with no carbonation, skip it. I've been on the search for apple pop ever since having it years ago in Mexico, but sadly I cannot find it. I've never seen a place not distinguish between carne asada and ground beef though. There is only a beef option and not carne asada for burritos, though carne asada is listed as a weekend special so it must be different right? The girl said it was the same and what I got was definitely ground. Maybe they just chop it up? I don't know. The burrito was good but a bit messy and greasy. Also, rice was not listed as a filling. I would have omitted it had I known. I will continue to come here but I do prefer the steak burritos at other nearby places
<review# 277,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/28/2013,6/23/2013,105,224,4,4,2>The menu descriptions can be kind of perplexing - thrice fried? strange flavor? almost boneless? You don't need to know what it means. JUST EAT IT. The guys who run this place clearly want food to be fun, creative yet accessible, and social. It's hard not to smile and chill out when you're here.
<review# 278,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/12/2013,6/22/2013,202,333,9,9,7>What's better then a night at home with the Real Housewives of Beverly Hills?  Burning up to 1000 calories in one hour while flying through the air at SkyRobics.  Bring a friend, wear socks (they provide shoes), and line those panties because going up means other things are coming down.Burpies, herkies, split jumps, push-ups and partner work - everyone's doing it while chatting, smiling, and laughing.  And a word to the wise - go early, class size is limited and filled the night we went.  See you Wednesday for another round.
<review# 279,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/6/2013,6/21/2013,171,187,10,9,6>In a city that doesn't boast a spate of places to get excellent, authentic Mexican food, Chilango's gets my vote for best in Providence's show. Non-touristy, affordable, cozy and welcoming, Chilango's serves up delicious food that, I have heard, evokes all the comforts of home for folks who grew up eating tortillas, enchiladas, flautas, salsa and tacos whipped up by their parents and grandparents. A meal here is not a far cry from eating in the large dining room of an extended family member, who really knows how to cook. Chilango's gets extra points for serving Mexican soda in a variety of unusual, fun flavors like tamarind. If you've ever wandered down the international food aisle in the grocery store and looked wonderingly at the items on display, you can satisfy some of that curiosity here.  No review of Chilango's is complete without a word about the bar. It has the coolest seats in town: large, real horse saddles. No kidding: these are a built-in sobriety test. As a petite woman, I always struggle with the most refined way to handle these: demurely perch side-saddle upon them, or commit to a full-on straddle? The strategy for this little ranchero is usually directly correlated to my outfit for the evening, along with the number of margaritas I've consumed.
<review# 280,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/14/2013,6/20/2013,19,121,3,5,4>We LOVE North Side Pockets - so much so that we drive out of our way to go here. This is a great family run deli with excellent Middle Eastern food (we think the best in Rhode Island). The beef shawarma is my favorite, my husband loves the falafel and our son always gets a chicken cesar wrap. We never fail to pick up extra hummus and tabouleh to take for lunch later in the week. Although we have favorites, we try really hard to get at least one new dish each trip and are never disappointed.If you are looking for great Middle Eastern food, take a trek to North Side Pockets and give them a try!
<review# 281,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/16/2011,1/27/2011,34,119,4,11,5>I was a little concerned about going here for a dinner date recently because of the mixed reviews it had gotten on Yelp. My date, however, wanted Italian food. I always say that I don't go out for Italian, because I can cook it better (or at least more cheaply) at home, especially in Providence. The Italian food on Atwells always leaves me cold. This place was a compromise - and it turned out to be a surprise and a delight. This is the Italian my grandmother makes. We walked in to a fabulous warmth - amazing in December!  - and the smell of fresh garlic. The waitress was friendly, the service, while not fast, was entirely reasonable considering that you could see them in the kitchen cooking our food from scratch.The cheese ravioli was beyond amazing - possibly one of the best I've ever had. The garlic bread was unbelievable - nothing fancy, but a generous loaf of richly buttered, heavily garlic'd heaven.It's BYOB, which was a nice perk, though the $4 bottle fee was a little steep. The food prices were more reasonable, especially the garlic bread, which, at enough for nearly a meal itself, was $5. My advice? - Ignore the reviews that bitch about the service. Be nice to your waitress and she'll be nice to you. - Bring wine.- Get the garlic bread - even if your food takes a bit, you won't notice or care.- Call for reservations. It's a tiny place, and by the time we left, it was full.- Bring cash - they don't take cards.- EAT HERE.
<review# 282,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/16/2011,1/26/2011,32,94,4,6,5>this park is my zen place; and one of the reasons i don't think i'll ever be able to move from bristol.- my boyfriend calls this place "the disney land of eco systems." there is a small pond, beaches, fields, forests, thickets, pastures... you name it. - cross country trails in predominantly oak/hickory woods. i like to get all henry david thoreau and practically live out here during the summer.- gorgeous, well-landscaped grounds and gardens- historic building on premise- various beaches, the official one is slightly rocky, with calm water in the summer, but very enjoyable i think, and it's right off the bike path.. what could be better than biking to the beach in the summer?- you are never in want of a del's lemonade truck. there is always one or two cruising about, supplying you with delicious frozen lemonade...- infinite picnicking areas complete with tables and grills, again in one of the most beautiful places you can imagine
<review# 283,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/16/2011,1/25/2011,2,8,,1,5>I LOVE this place.  It is special to me.  the desserts are so fresh and it is so quaint.  I don't go very often but it is one of those places that I think about with Fondness!One of my favorite memories of this place:  a week before delivering my daughter, I was having a sweet craving and I had THE BEST home made strawberry shortcake.  I went by myself in the middle of the day and sat at a table and enjoyed this dessert on a quiet April afternoon.I absolutely love their iced cappucinos!!! My husband Loves the banana creme pie and every year for thanksgiving, my sister in law  insists on the chocolate hazelnut cake as the family dessert.   The cream on the desserts is to die for!
<review# 284,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/17/2011,1/24/2011,4,56,,3,2>We visited Faial for my mom's birthday dinner on a Saturday night and it was packed. Definitely make a reservation if you can - they were turning people away at the door.This restaurant has a festive (loud) atmosphere and there was some great live music the night we were there. We really enjoyed it, but it might not be the place for a quiet, romantic dinner...Now for the food. I had the baked seafood platter, which included scallops, sole, stuffed scrod, and shrimp with a side of seafood rice and broccoli. Everything was perfectly cooked and the portions were large (enough for lunch the next day as well). My husband had the paelha, which included a 1/2 lobster, littlenecks, mussels, scallops and their spicy faial sauce. Again - everything was cooked perfectly, lots of flavor, and large portions. We thought the prices were quite reasonable for the portion sizes.Overall this was a very positive experience and we're looking forward to another visit!
<review# 285,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/18/2011,1/23/2011,151,439,4,4,2>FIRE?!  Stop - Drop - and Cup n Rol!....or at least, that's how I felt after I visited this delectable bakery this weekend!  We spotted the unique signage  from down the street (wooden planks kind of stick out in a sea of neon and tin) which beckoned : COFFEE - SMOOTHIES - WI FI - CUP CAKES.  ...the decision was clear: this was to be our breakfast destination.  Totally modern setting - very hipster-chic (modern/deco: wooden floors, white clean-cut tables and chairs, simple display case).  I felt at home, I felt satisfied, I felt....like I wanted seven dozen cupcakes to go.  And so many to choose from - the menu has a daily rotation of flavors (so every day has something new and splendid to keep you coming back for more....and more....aaaaand maybe some a couple more).  Not sure which of the six flavors to choose from?  -why not same ALL SIX, in mini-cupcake form *heart*  This was our plan of attack on Saturday.  My favorite of our six (Classic Vanilla, Classic Chocolate, Cookies n Cream, Natural Red Velvet, Banana, Vanilla Chai - all this +a smoothie all for 12$) was a tie between the Vanilla Chai (perfect blend of spice and sweet - an exotic oasis for my tastebuds) and the Banana (...start up the cupcake-conveyor-belt-to-my-mouth).  Can't wait to return on another day to sample: Earl Grey, PB&J, and Nutella!!!*The cake was moist and fluffy....but the component that really makes this place shine: the frosting - - - I can be picky about cupcake frosting, and this place (mind the pun) takes the cake.  Not gritty or overly sugary, not ungodly buttery, either.  The Banana Cupcake had banana IN the frosting [yum].  And to wash it down: a pineapple-coconut smoothie [slurrrrrp].*Cup n Rol cares: utilizing organic ingredients and CORN PLASTIC MATERIALS!  I exclaimed to the cool'n'calm man behind the counter, Taz Kim, that I was so pleased to see that they were utilizing alternative packaging options.  His response: "Yeah, it might cost a little more....but it REALLY can make a difference, and that's what matters."  Yes it can, Taz....yes it can.  Saving the world, one cupcake at a time.I will DEFINITELY be returning to CnR for their EXCELLENT service, totally hip atmosphere...and, of course to sample additional Cups'o'Cake. Open 10am-8pm/10pm, and you can be I'll be first in line next time I visit Prov-city.  ~Thanks for providing the perfect venue for my 100th review!
<review# 286,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/18/2011,1/22/2011,7,18,2,3,2>If you want "authentic" Mexican food, do not go here. If, however, you want a huge portion of cheesy, sour cream/guacamole-covered goodness, then Rancho Chico is the place to be.All of their portions are huge and range from the classic quesadillas to vegetarian dishes. I love the Spinach Quesadillas since they are not as filling as their meat counterpart, but when I'm hungrier the Quesadillas con Mariscos (quesadillas with shrimp) are the best!If you do get dessert here, definitely try the churros (fried cinnamon sticks with chocolate dipping sauce) or the fried ice cream. I have had fried ice cream before at other restaurants (i.e. Dahra Thai) and Rancho Chico's is much lighter. Rather than deep-frying the ice cream, they cover it in what tastes like a banana-cornflake mixture (a lot like what they do for the french toast for the Tavern at Tower Square's Sunday brunch - read my review on that to find out more).
<review# 287,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/8/2011,1/18/2011,69,159,,3,2>"... and 350 Craft Beers." The sign caught my boyfriend's eye as I was driving us to another destination in Rehoboth. We made a point to stop on our way back. The owners were gracious, and though one of them had been on their way out the door, they took the time to talk to us about their new business, and to lead us on a little tour of their facility. We appreciated their beer-and-wine-geekiness. What looks to have once been a home has been converted very tastefully to an extensive beer and wine store that includes two tasting rooms, a wine nook upstairs, wine and beer coolers downstairs, and a craft beer room to the side. The lighting was warm and inviting in the wine nook. It would have been easy to stay for a while if we hadn't been on an impromptu tour. We were told that they hold tasting parties, providing food, for groups. They have classes and tastings on their calendar. When I suggested they take advantage of social media, we were directed to their website and Facebook pages, both of which are impeccable. We were also invited to their e-mailing list, which we gladly joined.It didn't look like they had all of their inventory out yet, and we were told that they were still going to change a couple of things (add cheese, for one), but their prices were comparable with Yankee Spirits, which is saying something for an independently-owned shop. They do not sell liquor that I am aware of. They are simply beer and wine, and they do it well.
<review# 288,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/2/2010,1/17/2011,66,222,,4,3>I was introduced here by a guy friend. Good place to chill and throw a few back. Food is pretty good, and Irish themed entertainment makes for a good time. Waitress was great, remembers our friend, pulls up their beer tabs with out asking their names... pretty cool. Beer list is unbelievably long anything and everything you can imagine!! A must try for bar hoppers!
<review# 289,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,8/20/2010,1/16/2011,65,186,2,2,2>Dive bar right on the water. I've only been for drinks after work but its always been a nice stop. Waitresses are nice and know the regulars. Beautiful patio to sit outside and enjoy. Parking is usually easy to find especially since they opened up the lot underneath the bridge. Tone down your expectations and just enjoy the patio and people watching with friends and a nice drink.
<review# 290,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/4/2010,1/15/2011,52,122,,5,2>Cambodian food at its finest! My new favorite go to restaurant. A very warm, cozy, and welcoming place.The nam yaa was awesome and loaded with shrimp and chicken, as the small was $5.50 but well worth it. The beef and broccoli were great as well. The Cambodian salad was very tasty and loaded with shrimp and sliced peanuts.They even offer some good tea too. The restroom area is kind of weird, as you have to walk behind the cashier area which almost leads into the kitchen!Prices are very reasonable, especially for lunch.Just an FYI - They do close for a few hours in the afternoon at 3pm and I believe they re-open at 5pm. -- Give this place a try!
<review# 291,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/2/2010,12/12/2010,86,152,6,2,5>This little Mexican chuck wagon is so freaking cute I can't stand it.The quesadillas are chubby with ingredients and the tortillas are puffy. I love the green sauce! The counterpeople are sweet as can be. I love how it used to be just a dingy little trailer and it flourished into a fancy faux-wood food cart, complete with fake horse and fake horseman. I wanna eat a burrito and climb on the horse!
<review# 292,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/1/2010,12/11/2010,1,6,3,5,2>I'm extremely loyal to MSquared and their exceptional stylists.  I have been a client and friend for a decade, before they opened this location on Federal Hill, and have referred many, many, many people here.  Their hair artistry is something they take very seriously, as they understand their clients are walking advertisements.  Beautiful coloring, flawless cuts, and a lively, energetic atmosphere filled with chatter and lots of laughter.  I have literally handed out hundreds of MSquared business cards with my name on the back, because people stop me everywhere to ask about my hair.Run - don't walk - and tell them Beth V sent you.
<review# 293,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,12/1/2010,12/10/2010,75,95,2,7,2>This is a good local dental clinic for the Attleboro area.  I had my first cleaning in quite awhile today, and I was expecting it to be uncomfortable.  Thankfully, the staff at Gentle Dental were courteous, professional, and the visit itself was pain-free.  The hygienist did a decent job, although a bit too "efficient" in my opinion, as my teeth felt a little gritty on my drive home.  Having been to other dentists in the pasts, this felt like a very very basic cleaning.  Not a bad place overall, and for the price it's a good choice for someone who doesn't have a regular dentist and needs to get back into taking care of their dental health.
<review# 294,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/2/2010,12/9/2010,564,104,3,5,3>-=Décor=-Easy parking, clean, booths, tables, bar, sushi bar and asian art! This restaurant even has a rack of chop-sticks for their most frequent customers.-=Service=-BEST Service in Rhode Island. The service was prompt and friendly. The server and busboy relationship is remarkable. My drink was never close to empty and server was very knowledgeable of the menu and the cooking process. At the end of the meal, the owner him self stop by and checked up on us. By doing this, his passion is truly transparent. I love the service! -=Food=-Coming from a city that is boasting so many celebrity and top chefs, Chicago did spoil my taste buds. Since I moved to Rhode Island, I am having a hard time adjusting to new slow yet simple life style. Normally I would have sushi twice a week, some where bougy and some where new. New England is known for their fresh sea food. I need to put this to the test. I'm looking for a restaurant with a sushi expert. GUESS WHAT! YOU I FOUND IT! They also serve different types of asian food outside of sushi. I keep coming back to try something new from the menu and haven't been disappointed. I highly recommend the Kalbi. Kalbi is a grilled dish of Korean cuisine that is made with marinated beef (or pork) short ribs in a ganjang-based sauce (Korean soy sauce). YUM!Want the closest thing to real asian food in providence/Cranston? If so, I recommend this place for you.
<review# 295,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,11/30/2010,12/8/2010,68,141,,3,1>My friend and I happened to be in Rhode Island and saw the huge highway sign saying, "Texas Roadhouse, EXIT HERE!". I figured what the hay because I've never in my twenty odd years of living have never been to a TRH, and we were starving.Awesome: Barrel of free peanuts right in front of the door, nice door greeters, polite and fast hostess that showed us to the meat to see if we just wanted to choose a slab right then and there, and a clean walkway (though it  would've been cool to see the peanut shells on the floor).Good: The potato skin appetizer with REAL bacon and REAL cheese. The shrimp skewer. I ordered the Ft. Worth Ribeye 10oz, and it was pretty good. In all honesty, I'm not a pro steak/bbq eater, but the meat was meat. I can tell you that it wasn't bad. I like how you can chose two sides with your meal, and I ordered fries and a salad.Bad: We never got straws until we asked for them. Our waitress never gave us a bucket of peanuts but did to all of her other tables in her section. Brought out their appetizers before ours, even though we came in a good 15-20 mins before them. Rushed us because she told us she was leaving her shift and wanted us to pay our bill before the next waiter came into her section.No I do not want dessert or an alcoholic drink anymore. Give me my box to take the rest of my food to go. I'll pay my bill after you leave and we'll leave your tip with the next guy and you can hope that he gives it to you.
<review# 296,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/30/2010,12/7/2010,12,75,2,4,2>a friend and were going up to boston over the summer for a show & used rhode island as our hotel location. before we left for the trip north, we were looking up places to go grab breakfast/lunch. i remembered seeing some places in providence on diners, drive-in's and dives, so i did a bit of googling. this place came up & was only 20 min from our hotel. i seemed a little out of place in the area that it's located, but it didn't disappoint once we walked inside. the woman who took care of us was super friendly & the whole interior really set the mood for a comfy cozy time. i got a burger, which was nothing too special or out of the ordinary but good none the less. my companion got the johnny cakes & they were out of this world. i think i ate more of them than i did my burger. i also had coffee milk for the first time & i have now become a believer. i would definitely come here again at any point i was passing through (we actually tried to on another trip to boston, but they were closed that day.)
<review# 297,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/2/2010,12/6/2010,399,1574,2,3,3>As a smoker, I fully appreciate the ability to drink and smoke at the same time, without needing to head outside for a little congregation. If you don't smoke, I wouldn't come here unless you want to leave a little stinky and with a little lung cancer.When I came here, it was the last stop of a Pubcrawl, so my memory is a little hazy but from what I can remember about the food and drinks is that the hotdog plate I got came loaded with good food, and the drinks were good and stiff.As for the people in the bar.... not a hipster scene. We had a couple drunken housewives curating "happy birthday" about nineteen times during our stop in and the rest of the people inside were on the same wavelength. Didn't bother me though, I'll take happy sloppy 40-something year olds over pretentious hipster Brown kids anyday.Overall it's a comfortable place with a pretty big bar menu and a surprisingly good amount of seating. And you can smoke inside. Did I say you can smoke inside?
<review# 298,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/23/2010,12/5/2010,70,481,4,4,2>Friday night concert in downtown Providence. You're hungry and want some good, cheap grub without any pretensions. Ok, maybe you want a dollop of pretension in the food, but certainly not in the atmosphere. Enter the new AS220. The eating area was wall to wall with people and the tickets flew fast and furious on the chef's rail. I ordered a pulled pork sandwich from the hurried but friendly woman at the cashier.She sez AFTER I order: Yah, so we're out of regular bread and only have that on pita.Me: Well, guess I don't have much of a choice.Well. Really. How do you run out of bread?Saunter over to the bar. My experience with the bread-less-ness still stinging my eyes, we were vindicated by the presence of Guiness on draft. Definite extra star there! And they have Stella on draft too! Eventually I make my way back to the counter and watch the cooks. They're busting ass. They're about a half hour behind and I'm starting to consider going up front to cancel my order. However, drama ensued that made this dinner, drinks and a show. Without getting too into it, a very drunk patron sitting at the counter started to make a stink about how he hadn't been served. The guy started yelling at both chefs, who (rightly) threatened to call the cops. Fearing the worst (and lamenting the potential fate of my pork sandwich) I made to get the F out of the way when the owners came over and calmly spoke to the drunk guy and got him to simmer down enough to escort him out without further incident.That type of class on a full-slam Friday night impressed the hell out of me. And lo and behold, my sandwich miraculously showed up at the same minute. Score!Ok, so I slandered the pita (in my brain) at first, but EVEN IN THE PITA this was an awesome sandwich! The pulled pork was flavorful but pleasantly subtle, not dripping in sauce like most places...very vinegary and tasty (was that a hint of coriander in there, guys?) The wrap was finished with jalapeno cheese and baby greens. Good god, it was wonderful. I rushed at it like Augustus Gloop in the chocolate river. The chef, despite the drama of the evening, even took time to ask me how I liked the sandwich. Super thumbs up.I saw all sorts of tasty dishes coming off that line that I'd like to try including some sick looking mussels.I will definitely be back here to try some more of those meals. They look to have a good balance of meat and vegetarian selections, all locally sourced. And most everything is under $10. Diggey! Only real drawbacks I saw here was the wait and the WCW style brutality of the cashier line and the bar may put off some patrons. Aw, just butch up, Sally.You should go here too. Hopefully that drunk dude won't be back at the counter.
<review# 299,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/25/2010,12/4/2010,242,444,2,7,3>Sura Restaurant serves up authentic Korean cuisine in a fun atmosphere.  I was treated here for my birthday and what an experience it turned out to be!  This place was like no other I had been to before.  Each table is equipped with a small gas grill and fan overhead.  The BBQ menu employs the use of this heated surface.We ordered the Beef and Pork Bulgogi BBQ (regular, not spicy) and boy was it delicious.  Once the meat and veggies were done sizzling, cooking, and tantalizing my olfactory senses, I was then instructed on how to partake in the fare.  Take one large lettuce leaf, pile it with purple rice, some peanut-y sauce, and the bulgogi, fold up the edges like a taco, then dig in!  The explosion of flavor I experienced is not one I will soon forget.Served along with the BBQ were an array of appetizers placed in small bowls with no description as to what they were or made out of.  Some were recognizable. . . bean sprouts, salad, black beans in some kind of sweet sauce, fermented (very spicy!) cabbage, etc.  There was also a mysterious bowl of some shredded white stuff, another filled with cubed something-or-other in a reddish clear sauce, and yet another that we decided was some kind of fermented mushroom stalk.  If anyone has any insight into these Korean dishes I'd love to know what they were!I only wish the menus were a little more descriptive for those new to these cultural plates.  Our waitress spoke limited English, and while being very attentive to our meal, was not very informative when it came to what it actually was.  In any case, I would certainly return here to try more items off the menu.  Great atmosphere for a group of friends, unique dinner experience.And according to the website "If there is more than 4 people who want to visit, we can give a ride. Please call to us!"  Interesting. . .
<review# 300,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/13/2010,12/3/2010,94,272,3,6,4>I love this place.  Having been a frequent patron of Sakura's since '97 or so, it's almost surprising that I've never had a single failed experience yet.  I have so many fond memories of skipping out on class during a blustery, winter day for a steamy bowl of soup... or going for a summer stroll with friends for chilled soba and an icy, refreshing coconut milkshake.  As only expected, over the past thirteen years there have been changes here and there (mostly toward the building and presentation itself) but overall, my experiences have been on the whole, eerily consistent.  The most pleasant and welcome difference are the dining areas.  For years the joint was shabby.  Charmingly shabby though.  But shabby nonetheless.  The cracks in the walls were large enough to fit a family of kittens with room to spare.  There were always tons of boxes thrown about or stacked in the corners.  At one point there was a hole so large near the windows of the make-shift tatami room that even the picture they hung to conceal it was a total fail.  On a random afternoon I noticed.. everything was fixed.  Finally.  And nicely done!  The menu hasn't changed much with a few additions sprinkled among the oldies.  Their salad dressing though, is so delicious I can't even begin to describe how finger lickin' tasty it is.  Who cares if it's iceberg lettuce?  Dude, I would seriously eat from a dumpster as long as this dressing was slathered on it.  I've always adore their appetizer selections: the eggplant w/miso sauce is delicious and I totally have to agree with Brian N. on the duck n' cabbage salad.  Pure heaven!  The dinner entrees rock my world.  For less than 15 bucks or so (depending on which one) you get soup, salad, an entree of your choice plus dessert.  Unlike other restaurants, the sides are actually kept somewhat authentic offering a few surprises other than just white rice.  (Shirataki sprinkled with cracked pepper and black sesame?  Shredded, pickled daikon?  I am SO there.) One aspect that's left me slightly confuzzled is the service.  For years I was always treated with a warm smile, nice conversation and little perks here and there, ie, the chef making special items by request, sushi dude making me extras on the house, the waitress remembering my lunch order (as it was almost always the same), fun little B-Day treats, even playing music by request if I brought in a CD.  Our interaction was always very personal making the entire visit special even if I was just stopping by for a milkshake.  And it wasn't just me, either.  The other guests were often treated in the same fashion: eating there was almost comparable to a family type environment.  Then something changed.  I'm not sure if it was due to their make-over but the staff had a total attitude adjustment.  Just as the other Yelpers have stated, going there now gives me a feeling of "get in, get out."  God forbid you need a couple extra minutes looking over the menu.  The waitress will literally stand next to you, silent and waiting.  It's almost a little scary.  To add, seriously forget trying to order outside of the menu anymore: chilled noodles?  Hell no!  Still, their food continues to give the most bang for your buck around, Japanese wise.Sure, Sakura's menu isn't exactly what you'd be served in the Land of the Rising Sun but then again, the McRib also isn't exactly what Clem's BBQ down south would be servin' up either.  Regardless, they both rock my world.  While their service has gone way down hill from the personal, quiet ambiance from years ago, their food is still some of the tastiest around for the price.  Where else can you kick your shoes off, chill on the floor and enjoy a delicious dinner for two under 25-bucks?  If anything, I'll cross my fingers and hope that one day the staff will simmer down and bring back that old school feel.  Otherwise, phoning in for take-out always does the job.
<review# 301,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/7/2012,1/14/2013,115,164,4,7,5>Don't be fooled by the name, the Box Office isn't an office where tickets are sold. Even better! It's an architectural and design wonder - an office building comprised of 32 colorful, recycled shipping containers on the former Harris Lumber site (formerly abandoned).  So why review it? It's a breathing, functional, permanent art exhibit. An architectural and design wonder.  A cutting edge example of urban revitalization and green design.  And it's right here in Providence, RI.  In addition to using recycled steel from the shipping containers, the design incorporates energy recovery ventilation, storm runoff reduction, and light fixtures sensing daylight - encouraging 25% less energy than most office buildings. Current tenants include social enterprises like Maternova, nonprofits like Social Venture Partners RI and the Green and Healthy Homes Initiative, design firms like Morris Beach Design and Kelly Taylor Interior Design, and a handful of other local businesses, including the 3 collaborators who made this architectural experiment possible: distill studio, Stack Design Build, and truth box inc. Stop by, climb the stairs, appreciate the intentional graffiti, take some photos, and dream.
<review# 302,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/21/2012,1/12/2013,142,225,3,3,3>Dark and sumptuousGenerous, delicious drinksCool, comfortable environsSo, you roll up in front for the first time, mildly unsure if you've got the right spot - Lili Marlene's could easily paraphrase DJ Shadow; "self-promotion isn't my strong suit."  But you head for the right door, let your eyes adjust to the cool dimness even on the sunniest summer afternoon, and you take it in - a sturdy bar that draws your eye with an understated bottle selection, a modest beer tap, and a few cool accoutrements, like an old cash register and rotary phone.  A small parlor-style seating area to your left, perfect for reading a newspaper in, or waiting for an accomplice, or for smoking a bubble-pipe contemplatively. Around the corner, comfortable booths with fine capacity for boisterous catching up, imbibing, and other goings-on.  And then, the fine billiard table around which the good people gather and rack 'em. Space-wise?  That's pretty much that - it's a cozy but decently commodious and inviting place.  Location-wise?  A sort of Federal Hill, Olneyville, and Route 6 drive-by vertex situation.  Cocktails are done well here - and they're not stingy with the pours.  A few beers make the scene here - and they're solid offerings.  The food is tasty.  The servers I've encountered have ranged from above-average to among my favorites to trade stories with anywhere. So stop in.  Get used to the lighting.  Order your favorite beverage.  Ask bartender Kevin about his time in Japan, or how long he expects his well-worn sandals to keep providing comfort on his shifts behind the bar.  Order some food.  Be glad you came in, and repeat in the future.
<review# 303,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/19/2012,1/11/2013,23,137,3,6,1>I happened recently to be in the shopping center where Cheng's is located and was surprised to see that Little Chopsticks was no longer there, and that Cheng's was in its place.  Craving Chinese food, my hubby and I decided to give it a try about a week or so ago.   We were very pleasantly surprised to see how bright and cheery the newly renovated restaurant had become.  The wait staff could not have been friendlier or more responsive.  The food was mostly Cantonese, with a little bit of Seczhwan and a bit of Hunan thrown in for good measure.  I personally prefer a little more Asian Fusion, but was still happy with what the menu offered.  The food was bright and fresh and colorful.    We shared some very tasty dumplings, and we each had soup - I had wonton soup and my husband had the hot and sour.  My soup was delicious and he said his was just "OK."   I had a typical Cantonese dish - Chicken Chow Mein - and it was utterly delicious.  A HUGE portion of Chow Mein was served on the old fashioned pedastal dish, enough for about three persons, and it was accompanied by rice - I chose brown which I prefer.  My husband had a Seczhwan beef dish which, again, he thought was just OK. (it takes a lot to make him swoon!)  Actually he thought it was too sweet.  I had some and loved it, and did not find it too sweet at all - but JUST RIGHT!!  His dish was not accompanied by rice so he ordered some separately. The portions of rice served to us were enough for two persons and we could have shared.  Some nice fortune cookies and a pot of tea served as our dessert.  I know I will be going back (most likely for lunch with friends) to Cheng's Gourmet.  My husband prefers Lemon Grass (Post Road in Warwick), as admittedly, do I.  But Cheng's is a bit closer to our home, and somewhat less expensive, so I can't wait to go back for more delicious and really fresh Chinese food.
<review# 304,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/2/2012,1/10/2013,32,85,7,5,3>Hello, yummy! I had a groupon to go the Doherty's for brunch and let me tell you, I am SOOOOOO happy I tried this place. First we need to discuss the mimosas -32 oz. of mimosa! Good morning!! You can't have 32 oz of any other alcohol at that time of day without it being considered "a problem", so enjoy the loophole! They bring you out a couple of mini cinnamon rolls in lieu of, say, a dinner roll and I could've probably eaten their whole batch. For our meals I had the kate the great eggs benedict and the boyfraaand had the blueberry stuffed french toast, and it was all delicious!! I was so full but I couldn't. stop. eating. The great thing is, it would not be very expensive without a groupon so I can definitely go back! Hurrah!
<review# 305,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/1/2012,1/9/2013,202,333,4,7,2>This is exactly what Pawtuxet Village needed - a breath of new (gourmet) coffee air.  The cafe is impeccably designed with amazing hard wood floors, a couple levels of seating, and large windows that open on to outdoor european cafe tables.  Clean, chic, my kind of place.  The coffee is wonderful.  I've had french press every time and shared.  They bring a timer, so it's perfectly steeped.  Music is good, they're open late, and they do BYOB!The pastries could really used some help!  I'm talking get me some that match the high level of design, like say...Seven Stars quality and I'll be in daily before work.  As it stands it's just what you would find at Costco.  Boo.  The other disappointment was ordering the berry crepe.  They let you choose strawberries, blueberries, or raspberries.  I asked for all three which they kindly obliged, but sadface when they came soggy, and bland it was apparent they they were not fresh, but frozen berries.  Boo!  I can overlook this next time now that I know how to order as I love that they are served with greek yogurt and a crunchy granola topping.  Yay!The logo needs some work too.  The graphic, which reminds me of a huge trout swimming upstream, has nothing to do with the chic cafe feel.  Just a few kinks and we've got a winner, winner, chicken dinner here!
<review# 306,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/11/2012,1/8/2013,171,187,5,11,7>As a lifelong bibliophile who's been known to shed a tear upon entering a library of impressive proportions (I recall a particularly embarrassing visit to the Prunxhall in Vienna), I can attest to the Providence Athenaeum's uncanny ability to take your breath away. This library is so much more than dusty books and dead poets (with all due respect to the purists). The fourth oldest library in the United States, it is a rich time capsule filled with centuries of literature and Providence's history. But the Atheaneum, so filled with ghosts and remnants of days long gone by, is also a living, breathing space. It is is staffed by an unbelievably smart and friendly group of people who are the Athenaeum's modern-day stewards; they will fascinate you with their boundless knowledge of all things popular and downright arcane.The exterior of the Athenaeum on the city's historic Benefit Street is the first thing that beckons you to come inside; but that is merely a shell for something so much greater inside - it defies description. The very best of the old world and the new meet here: walk along the creaky floorboards in this magical place, and you'll see grand wooden card catalogs filled with listings etched in spidery script; a team of ravens pointing the way through the highlights of a self-guided tour (this was after all, a favorite hangout of Edgar Allen Poe during his Providence days); the latest in fiction and non-fiction, as well as all of the beloved classics; and an incredible collection of art house, foreign and critically acclaimed films and television series on DVD.This is the only place in the city where you can feel the presence of prominent spirits while chatting with the city's current, foremost champions of the arts, culture and history. The Atheanaeum is a private library; so in order to enjoy the full Athenaeum experience, you must be a member. Members enjoy a robust series of salons and reading clubs, fantastic children's program offerings for young families, a popular and phenomenally challenging pub trivia night, and an annual gala that stands alone on the social calendar in terms of all-out literary fabulousness. Is membership worth it? Yes, dear reader, a thousand times yes.
<review# 307,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,10/7/2012,1/7/2013,81,227,,6,2>This new restaurant in the old Ama's space still has the same decor and is worth checking out for the ambiance alone - that is if you'd never been to Ama's. The menu is difficult to review as it supposedly changes every day. I like this in theory, but in practice it means the menu itself is very limited when you go. It's somewhat more varied than the diner in My Cousin Vinny (which only had two items -  "Breakfast" and "Lunch"), but far less than what most folks would expect to find at a restaurant. We had some sort of fancy pork-rinds, scrapple sandwiches, and some other fried pork dish. The food was decent, but the prices were so high for what we got that it is cost-prohibitive for me to go back regularly.  The service was good. Our server (who for some reason I think may have been one of the owners - but that's just a hunch) was very attentive and took care to make sure we understood some of the more obscure names and cooking terms on the menu. My guess is that self-described "foodies" will love this place, and people who don't think of themselves that way will hate it. I don't see there being much of an in between.
<review# 308,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/24/2012,1/6/2013,59,112,4,5,4>All you can freaking eat Korean BBQ in RI??  Truly unbelievable but BELIEVE IT.  It seems this place went through an overhaul from a restaurant to all you can eat style.  I definitely approve of this change!  The tools of the trade, meat shears, tongs, and chopsticks are all that's really needed in this place.  All the tables are set up with a grill ready to be flipped open and fired up.  Careful when it's on because it gets really hot underneath and brushing your leg will add you to the menu!  Also be warned that you will smell like BBQ for the rest of the day should you choose to come here.Definitely can't beat the lunch special (12 noon - 3 pm) that me and 3 other co-workers went to.  $13.95 per person for 8 delicious choices of assorted meat plus unlimited rice, assorted vegetables and steamed egg.  You also get a nice helping of kim chi and a bowl of romaine lettuce and onions splashed with a ginger dressing sauce.I think we unanimously decided that the best choices are Bulgogi and Chadolbagi which come out nicely rolled up fatty pieces of bacon.  And the next best choices are Daeji Bulgogi and Kalbi.  For those who shy away from the beef and pork, the chicken choices - Buldak and Dak Bulgogi are just as delicious.  I think we were thoroughly satisfied after 10 orders with a bowl of Korean rice (nice and purple) each.  All in all great experience.  Dinner prices are more expensive with an A course ($19.95) and a B course ($22.95) which includes everything in A plus seafood and additional meats.  If you have kids (4-8) they can stuff themselves plump for a measly $8.99No take out of leftover stuff typical of all take out places but will probably charge you if you want.  They also do take out orders that range from $8.95 - $9.95 which offers a decent helping but definitely pales in comparison to the all you can eat.  I can say this place probably makes for an awesome night out given the fully stocked shelf of booze and karaoke availability.  Not sure how that will go when you're drooling and stuffing your face!
<review# 309,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/28/2012,1/5/2013,62,60,3,4,3>Frog & Toad is where it's at.  I love buying local and when I stop F&T, I can find so many things I need and so much more that I don't.  It's a great place to pick up unique gift items like a "Cranston 4 Life" t-shirt, a lovely scented bottle of Rhode Island Soapworks hand soap, some itty bitty baby socks, perhaps a random picture frame, Christmas ornament and so much more.  Many of the items sold here are from local artists which is supercool and F&T staff are a fun and friendly bunch.  On a recent evening, I stopped by after hours while the staff was restocking and they were happy to let me browse and shop.
<review# 310,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/27/2012,1/4/2013,23,55,,6,3>I have no complaints on this one. I was hesitant to go due to some bad reviews. Who wants to risk it at a sushi place? I was convinced to give it a shot and I'm glad I did. The inside looks great. It's completely different from any other sushi place around here. It's clean and spacious. The bathrooms were really clean.I can't comment on hibachi, I was just there for sushi and drinks. A few of us split some rolls and appetizers, had a few drinks and fried ice cream. After all was said and done the bill came to about $150. This is probably a little more than I like to throw around on a friday night but hey, the sushi was amazing, the drinks were good, and the company was spectacular. I can't complain.
<review# 311,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/22/2013,9/10/2013,239,181,2,3,2>Tony's is one heck of a seafood joint. This always was our go to seafood place when my GF worked nearby. Unfortunately we don't get here as often but guys sometimes we will drive to the 'Konk just to get Tony's reasonable prices on seafood. Bar none, they always will have cheap deals on shelfish.But not only are the deals good, the people are extremely helpful. And randomly they have a decent selection of craft beers if you are into that sort of thing.
<review# 312,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/14/2013,9/9/2013,42,205,2,6,3>Well, Marko's is back from Westerly for Round 2 in its original spot on Boon Street.And the move has certainly been met with success.  It busy enough in here on the weekend that you should consider a reservation. The small, and inexpensively priced menu highlights the flavors of the Middle East and Western Asia. Cardamom and Nutmeg, Cumin and Caraway spice grains and chickpeas, chicken and lamb.  Every trip for us starts with Pita Chips w/ Hummus. The pita bread is freshly fried and broken into warm, salted chips.  The hummus is a softer, creamier version of the stuff you're use to.  Closer to the consistency of applesauce, the grassy olive oil and fresh lemon notes really come through if you dip fresh pita bread slices (also on each table) instead.The Greek Salad is fine, but the Fettoush is dressed with a fresh herb, oil and vinegar, with a fantastic red samaki spice.  Adding some chicken, gyro, chickpeas or falafel, it makes a fine meal itself, but trying more than one makes it a bit of a mountain.The Lamb Kabob is served as small, perfectly cooked chops seasoned lightly with cumin, over Mediterranean rice.I found the Turkish Lamajeen a disappointment.  The dry bread, and dried spices weren't great compliments, but there are plenty of other choices that I really do enjoy, so I stick with them.My go-to choice is nearly always the Gyro-Falafel Combo. Its served as a wrap, though I have been meaning to ask to have a "platter" made up with these flavors served over rice or semolina. The homemade hot sauce is a must, its got a spicy heat, but is not blazing hot. Add-ons of feta cheese and tabbouleh, also a requirement.  I'm a big fan of Markos, and will follow to wherever it is that they might go next. Though rumor has it that this is it for a while, and an outdoor dining addition is on the horizon. Its nice to see the dining room filled up; got to keep places like this going strong.BYOB, BTW, and there is a decent wine shop right nearby in the Pier Marketplace.  Don't forget to bring a bottle.
<review# 313,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/12/2013,9/8/2013,27,126,6,8,7>My grandparents, both over 80 years old, love living in "downtown" Woonsocket because their bank, pharmacy, and several restaurants are within walking distance. The other day Memere was telling me about the last time they walked to Ciro's. It's about a half mile walk and on the way there it started to rain. As they were leaving their waitress insisted on driving them home because it was too long of a walk in the rain. If my grandparents could Yelp (their most recent step forward into technology came when they got a cordless phone...not a cell phone, just a cordless house phone. So I don't think Yelp is coming any time soon), then they'd give this place a gushing 5 review. Memere had a huge smile on her face the entire time she talked about their meal and their waitress. My brother is a regular here and when our dad died he asked to rent out their upstairs room for a post-funeral gathering. Their function room really took me by surprise. The downstairs has a dark, tavern like feel to it, but their upstairs looks like the inside of a medieval castle. They opened the place for us hours before they actually opened, served the gathering everything from cheese and crackers to wings and pizza, and when the bill came it was about half of what we expected to pay. They serve some interesting and good beers, they have good food, and I just plain like the look of the place. But the way my family has been treated their elevates this place from a really good place for dinner and drinks to an easy 5-star tavern.
<review# 314,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/11/2013,9/7/2013,30,71,,6,4>Going for the retro-diner feel isn't anything new in the restaurant biz. In fact Johnny's, at first blush, feels a lot like a Johnny Rockets or similar 50s style red, white and stainless steel diner.  Throwing out phrases like "Gandma's recipie" and "like mom used to make"  are also old hat come ons for standard diner fare. What Johnny's does differently however is tie it all together and make it all work.  While there is still just a bit too much shine on the vinyl seats of the booths and ther floor isn't quite scuffed enough to have that well worn local standard feel, the menu sure does.Growing up, Saturday was Frank and Beans night. Not just any old franks and beans, but beef franks, fried up in a pan with little slits cut in the at an angle server on the beans (not next to them) with a side of fresh from the can Brown Bread (rib impressions from the can still intact).  So when faced with Johnny's franks and beans claim they were just like you remembered, well there's a pretty ingrained memory to live up to.Challenge... accepted. Seriously. Right down to the can rings still showing in the brown bread. Staking out a childhood food memory is risky business for any restaurant, because even a small miss wrecks the illusion and takes the comfort out of comfort food. Johnny's got it right on all counts. That's no small feat.It doesn't stop with that one meal either. Chicken and Wafles, which everyone knows is served with maple syrup unless you're from certain parts of the country where you foul them up with gravy were servered with.. your choice. Syrup or gravy. Have it your way. Being a purist I opted for syrup and there was nothing disappointing about it. Sweet, crunchy, chickeny goodness!Shakes are thick and rich, service is fast and friendly, and you can even grab everything to go if you wish. Having a place like this in walking distance Is DANGEROUS.Especially when they make an amazing Waffle Sundare desert. You may wish you'd walked because the guilt will set in thick and fast. But it's oh so good!As if all of this wasn't enough, Johnny's proves its hometown cred with a burger anyone from the area will remember. The Jolly C. A direct homage to the classic Jolly Cholly amusement park burgers. You can still see the rusted out Jolly Cholly sign just up the road from Johnny's. Never had a bad meal here, and always brings back good memories. Worth the trip, especially if you're a 'native' .
<review# 315,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/26/2013,9/6/2013,154,146,,5,2>A personal tap at your table?? Sign this chick up!  SOLD! I think the novelty of pouring your own drinks with friends is a great concept!  There are five self-serve draft tables, each with two taps;  Guinness paired with either Harp, Blue Moon, Narragansett, or Smithwicks. My friends and I sat at the Guinness and Harp table top. It took this novice a few tries to pour my own beer correctly, but once I got the hang of it, black and tans were at my disposal!  The pub food was surprisingly good, we ordered wraps and a burger.   It's a great place to watch a game (the Bruins were on the night we went) and if you stay long enough on the weekends, you'll catch a DJ or live music.  There was a DJ the night I went, and it the music was right up my ally but later on in the night I wasn't feeling the selection as much and could take it or leave it. Either way, I can't wait to make my next black and tan!
<review# 316,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/13/2013,9/5/2013,41,226,,7,3>I really can't say enough about this place. The completely unassuming exterior would never lead you to believe such a gem sat behind those doors.The shop is part deli, part italian grocer. You can pick up frozen pastas/ravioli, various italian treats, and of course order an amazing sandwich. I got one with fresh mozz, roasted red peppers, what they call "salsa verde" which is some kind of pesto-y spread, and prosciutto. The prosciutto was by far the best quality I think I've ever had, with barely a trace of any fat on it and an amazing flavor. And, I don't even know where to begin with those rolls they use...they're like magic.If you're in EP, hell even if you're not, make the trip!
<review# 317,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/25/2013,9/4/2013,72,146,3,6,2>Just what I have been looking for... a local pizzeria that produces a delicious mouth watering masterpiece. An Owner/Chef that puts quality 1st! Sat at the bar and let the Chef make all the decisions for me... never a bad thing! I started off with a nice Caesars salad topped with fresh shaved Parmesan. Then we were served an Insalata Caprese, how do I put in to words how good this was. Fresh, Simple, Balanced, I know its just a Caprese salad but when the Chef uses the highest quality ingredients it transcends  all other Caprese salads. Fine... for the people that don't like reading that much... YUM.The Pizza was amazing. A perfect crust, crisp but chewy. The toppings were a mix of mushrooms, prosciutto, a mild Gorgonzola, and I know I'm forgetting something. One of the best pizzas I have ever had. Beer, 18 taps, and not miller lite or some stupid PBR! Real top notch beers hand picked by the Chef. You won't find these beers on tap at your other pizzerias!Stop eating sub-par pizza, throw out your other pizza take out menus, and start ordering form Federal Hill Pizza!
<review# 318,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/4/2013,9/3/2013,40,210,1,10,2>I am always happy with my visits to Ky Michaels.  Danielle always listens to what I want and is great at giving me either an edgy or a conservative look (depending on what's going on in my life at the time).  I actually don't come as often as I should because the cuts grow out so well that I don't feel like I have to!It is very easy to get an appointment, sometimes even the same day but always within one or two salon business days.  Prices are reasonable ($40-$60 per cut depending on the stylist's experience).  If you 'like' the salon on facebook you can get 20% of a haircut.
<review# 319,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/22/2013,9/2/2013,33,73,2,4,4>I had called Atomic, based on the reviews I read here, just to ask if they did in-house repairs, and while they don't he stayed on the phone with me for several minutes trying to troubleshoot the issue. Would you EVER get that from most places?He gave me a couple of things to try and then shared the number of a repair place that handles the brand/type of appliance I had.Think I'm gonna buy my next appliance at a chain store? Not on your life. Folks, buy local.
<review# 320,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/9/2013,9/1/2013,39,79,2,2,2>Loved it here. I received a gift certificate for a pre natal massage and used it yesterday.  The massage therapist, Cara , was awesome. She was so cool and personable.  Made me feel really comfortable and did  a great job.  She asks all the right questions and is really easy to talk to .  I have been to many places over the years and never have felt like this could be the place I can continually go back to.  I highly recommend it to anyone looking to relax and de stress!
<review# 321,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/24/2011,7/12/2011,239,181,2,4,6>I am writing this as someone who wasn't a huge sushi fan prior to Ichigo. Holy Seaweed Batman is this a great sushi place. Ichigo really awakened my new found love for the flavor of sushi. Sounds pretty corny? Trust me, try one of their deep fried sushi rolls. Yes I just said deep fried sushi. Once you walk into Ichigo you are met with the famously insanely loud waterfall (Famous in my eyes because I find it so ridiculous). Once they sit you down, you are handed a menu that has the weight of the Bible due to the metal book ends. Once you get over the strangeness of these two pieces you are met with a very wide assortment of sushi rolls. I always go for a traditional roll, then a specialty. You definitely get your money's worth in rolls. The go to rolls for me are the Godzilla Roll, Monster Roll, Super Crunch Roll, or the Volcano Roll. I have yet to try the hibachi side yet, but based on the reviews it sounds like a typical hibachi. Guys even if you are squeamish about sushi, this place is the best.
<review# 322,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/23/2011,7/11/2011,231,95,,9,8>I'm no model or anything but Poppy Photography did one hell of a job of making me look like one. As a relatively new photography company, you have your expectations and Poppy definitely outperformed them. First and foremost, when I booked my time slot for their monthly Pin-up Workshop, Brittney Fusco (the photographer) contacted me immediately and was incredibly helpful. Within the weeks leading up to the shoot, I received several emails about how to prep for the shoot and also what type of outfits/makeup to bring to the shoot. These were so helpful and definitely eased my nerves on the shoot. Prior to my shoot, the closest thing I had to done to anything like this is some "before a crazy night out" photo shoots with friends in college. You know exactly what kind of shoot those were. :) They recently moved into a great little space right off the Rhode Island Mall exit off of 95 South. The place is a little tricky to see as they are still working on getting some signage but once you walk into the studio, you automatically feel right at home. The shoot itself was lovely. For a mere $35 (amazing, I know) I was locked into an hour session. The first 30 mins were spent by Tiff (Brittney's sis) doing my make-up and Heather Bettencourt doing my hair. The transformation was fabulous. The last half hour was spent actually in front of the camera with Brittney snapping away at every pose I could come up with. They have loads of vintage clothing and antique items to really make all of your pin-up dreams come to life. I kept it simple and nautical. Brittney is a dream to work with because she makes you feel so comfortable in front of the camera and although it was only 30 mins. I never felt rushed. Not to mention her puppy Purl made the shoot that much more adorable. I left the shoot with a little goodie bag with my name on it and it really was the icing on the cake. The turnover for the photos was relatively quick as well. For the package that I selected, I saw about 17 proofs and picked 4 for her to work her retouching magic on. A few days after that, they were posted and I was completely amazed at how they came out. She truly does amazing work and any girl looking for a little indulgence and should definitely look to Brittney and Poppy Photography to make it all happen.
<review# 323,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/14/2011,7/10/2011,23,55,3,5,2>Had the most amazing beer here last night. I think that everything great about this place has already been covered so I am just going to reiterate:Dimly lit? Yes, very much so. I don't necessarily see that as a bad thing in a bar unless you are on the prowl and want to get a good look at what you're about to take home.Music - played a really neat selection of indie music. One thing I noticed though is that the music is on the louder side and when you are talking loud due to the music, and the music stops, you are most definitely going to be THAT guy yelling something that is probably contextually appropriate/embarrassing out of context in that moment of silence between songs. Food? Doesn't exist here. Move on.Beer - a crazy good selection. I asked the bartender for his input on what to get and I was extremely happy with the choice. Prices were great - I think the 8 beers we had came out to about $38Location - yeah there really is no sign and I drove past it twice before parking my car and crossing my fingers that I was walking into the right place. Overall, definitely a great establishment. I would go back here in a second. It's great for a date or just to hang out with friends. Just eat before you go.
<review# 324,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/23/2011,7/9/2011,193,262,2,3,2>Providence Tattoo: If you can't find it... It's behind the now Striking Beauties (Women's boxing studio) but the old stereo discount store on Angell St.I like to go to an artist who I know will do what I want them to do. I don't have loyalties to particular shops/artists, in fact, I like the idea of representing different people's works.-- Currently, I am getting work done with Dennis M DelPrete, for a quarter sleeve on my left arm. I've been in for 3 of 4 sessions, and every time I'm thoroughly pleased! What an amazing artist! If you're looking for custom and unique work, definitely go in for a consult. I've looked at work from the other artist's books in the shop and am please with what I see from them as well. They take walk-ins, and the shop is very clean and organized. It's a little bit on the pricier side of shops I've been to, but the quality of work will far surpass you expectations. A must go in and check out!Note: There is only street parking. Keep an eye out of signs for 2 hr parking and/or towing.
<review# 325,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/28/2011,7/8/2011,36,56,1,4,7>This place is both historic and magical!! The carousel was closed for the better part of last summer due to renovations - renovations which are sure to make this enchanting little place even better.  Located in the park is a little shack where you can purchase clam cakes and chowder. The food is pretty good, so on a sultry summer evening you can expect to wait at least a half hour for your food.  Across the street is beautiful Crescent Park on the banks of the river.  During the summer, they have live bands that come and play on Thursday nights. Fun for kids, but even more fun for big kids. 75 cents for a ride! Weeeeeee!!!
<review# 326,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/19/2010,7/7/2011,32,123,,4,4>I'll have to be honest with you. My experience at Books on the Square was much different than a couple of one-star comments on this cute bookstore. While I'm not yet prepared to give it five stars - I've only been there once, after all - I am confident in saying that this is a wonderful and adorable independently owned bookstore. I will be returning for all my future purchases.Immediately when you walk into the store you see a wall full of top-sellers for fictions and non-fiction, hardcover and paperback. I stopped into the store on a Saturday morning to pick up the second novel in Stieg Larsson's series, and the store was fully equipped with a full selection of the series. It was easy to find what I was looking for, and it was easy to browse through the other genres and feel satisfied with the overall library of books.There were also some really nice greeting cards, which was perfect since I had to pick one up for a wedding. (The ones in CVS were so incredibly tacky. It's too bad there is no humor in wedding cards. The wedding I went to was for two people who have already been married and divorced. A card that said, "Better luck this time" would have been ideal, but alas, my humor is not the same as those who are paid to write the cards. I digress.) I was able to find a lot of adorable cards that were overly sentimental and cheesy, and finally settled on one that was pretty, simple and sweet without making me vomit.The next thing I was impressed with was the children's section. I love children's literature (it's our first exposure to books, after all) and I get really upset when there isn't a decent section for children's books in a store. I found this one to be nice. It wasn't huge, but it was organized and it offered a lot of our favorites and then some independent, local authors.Long story short (too late!) I highly recommend this bookstore. Why go to Border's when you have a wonderful option right in your backyard? Take a look and check it out. You'll be glad you did :)
<review# 327,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/31/2011,7/6/2011,27,99,,4,3>I kinda have a soft spot in my heart for locavore businesses, because i'm fairly passionate about it. But it's easy to get behind Cook & Brown. I've recently become enamoured with dining solo, i'm all the entertainment i need sometimes...And on a chilly night i found myself sitting at the end of C&B's bar perusing their menu. Despite arriving, pretty much when the opened, and being the only person in there, i felt completely welcome.Started off with a cocktail, which was expertly mixed, and decided i was in trouble. I'm a habitual sharer when dining. Not so easy when dining alone though! Obviously not able to order everything off the menu, i set myself up for a 3 course meal. A starter salad, bluefish fritters, and then an innovative Bolognese. Food came out perfectly time, and it was delicious. I'm not a fan of bluefish, but im a sucker for fritters. I may be a convert now to bluefish as well....Bolognese had a slight taste of game meat cook to perfection. And the pasta tasted fresh, and was a good thickness. Service by the bartender was also impeccable, we had good conversation about what wine to pair, and she even introduced me to creme de violette, after i revealed my love affair with St. Germain. Even got a chance to talk a little about the industry with the manager on duty, who was also personable and really seemed into his job. Overall, big fan!
<review# 328,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/7/2011,7/5/2011,564,104,2,4,4>5 Stars, 'cause this place is always poppin' on any given night... yeah... that's right... even tuesday nights--what I'm just say......This little Lebanese rustic style lounge has an awesome array of appetizers, drinks and flavored Hookahs. Nara is a prime, bougy and upscale lounge on federal hill and it is always packed with beautiful people.I really can't speak much on their food, since Middle Eastern style dishes wouldn't be my forte. But I'll say this much, I am trying to explore their tiny menu and trying something new every time i stop by... I can't stop raving how awesome their food is. Wowerz! They have a full bar with a few specialties drinks... priced very reasonably. I like to play it save and stick to my gray goose on the rocks or jack and coke; just depends on the night. so if you're ballin' on a budget... you still get crunk with style at Nara!Favored hookahs - yum, yum and yum! I think I've tried everything already and I must say, guava would be my fav! Have an open mind and check it out! Hit: don't hold in the smoke, just blow it out slowly... Service is always prompt, friend, interpersonal and awesome. As a new guy in town, they quickly welcome me in, knowing me by first name basis. FREE VALET! Just make sure you tip them... :)I recommend this spot to anyone looking for a nice lounge for your first date. Ideal to have a conversation over a few drinks.
<review# 329,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/9/2011,7/4/2011,599,211,3,5,5>Nicole, the woman who owns Manic Organic r o c k s. Her entire career spans from sustainable farming to cooperative organic sales and now community supported agriculture; the career (so) I envy.Not long ago, we were planning a trip to Africa and since I refuse to stay with nasty corporate hotels, I was searching instead, for Riads, adult hostels or a yurt in which to stay. Over mounds of lettuce and asparagus, I casually mentioned this to Nicole (she exudes worldliness) and before I knew it, she'd connected me with a gentleman living in Morocco who told us everything we needed to know about where to stay, where to go and of course, where to eat. Talk about going a b o v e and be y o n d which wasn't necessary because I already loved this fabulous, doin'-the-world-good woman-owned business.Manic Organic is much like drive through shopping since they're located, as part of the Portsmouth Farmers Market, on a small side street that runs parallel to the main artery of Route 114 towards Newport. You simply pull up and there are lots of helpful farmers market workers available to help you gather your produce, load your car and see that you're back on your way again, as quickly as possible, but who wants to rush a a farmers market? I used to stop on my way to work. They have everything you're looking for, in season, fresh, organic and handled with love.
<review# 330,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/1/2010,7/3/2011,86,152,1,4,2>Why is it that even though my conversational Spanish is pretty decent, my mind goes completely blank when faced with a Spanish-speaking server?In spite of my linguistic ineptitude, the waitress at La Arepa was very patient with me. For my lunch order, I tried assembling an arepa with miscellaneous ingredients off the menu and she pointed out a less expensive way to get the combination I wanted.And that's how I wound up with the Domino Arepa with avocado! It was an arepa stuffed with black beans, cheese, and thick slices of fresh avocado. I thought it would be heavy and fried, but it was sort of delicate and fresh-tasting. The meal came with two sauces: One, a creamy ranch-dressing type sauce and the other, a piquant green sauce that I loved.The drink I ordered was described on the menu as simply "Venezuelan drink", but it is in fact called a "papelon". Sugar cane pulp, water, and lime juice... very refreshing.Very casual and homey atmosphere. Gotta add this place to my weekly lunch rotation!
<review# 331,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/19/2011,4/19/2012,36,109,,4,1>Simply my favorite restaurant anywhere. Yes it is expensive, but it's one of the few high-profile restaurants of its kind that delivers every time. I can't imagine being disappointed by any entree on the menu. In fact, I liked the ambiance of this restaurant so much, that in my novel, "Confessions of the Meek and the Valiant," I used a description of Camille's old mob-inspired decor as the inspiration behind "Americo's"  --  a key location in the book. There are so many perfect dishes, I don't know what to recommend first. However, I believe the "Rhode Island style" pan-fried calamari with hot and sweet peppers to be the best on the planet.
<review# 332,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/10/2012,4/18/2012,202,333,7,11,6>I have been searching high and low in the sate of Rhode Island for the perfect sushi joint.  Tonight, at Wasabi, came pretty darn close.  Newly opened, and more modern decor then its Johnston counterpart, Wasabi Warwick could definitely be considered a sexy sushi sanctuary, even their budda has boobies.  Textures so diverse, tactile, and wonderful I've been newly inspired for a kitchen remodel.  There is a good mix of tables, booths, private rooms behind curtains, private dining coves behind screens, and of course a (long) sushi bar.  The waitstaff was attentive and it's all hands on deck as different servers, busers, and managers breezed by at regular intervals. The fish itself was fresh, serving sizes ample, and a good variety was offered.  I'm still tickled pink because my sushi dinner came with 8 pieces of sushi - TWO of which were my favorite salmon - and a choice of roll.  Who gives choices?  Wasabi does!  It came with the option of either salad or miso soup.   Regular rolls weigh in between $4-$5, which is way cheaper than Whole Foods, and way better.  Specialty rolls were on par at $9-$14.  They have a full bar, hot and cold sake and cocktails all for around $7.I need panko in my spicy tuna rolls for a 5* review and a bit more pizazz in my specialty rolls.  If you don't have these same requirements, Wasabi could make it to 5 in your book.*They are offering 15% off for patrons of their grand opening.  Go and enjoy!*
<review# 333,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/13/2011,4/17/2012,599,211,3,3,4>My very favorite thing about this art store (I say with a big happy appreciative smile on my face) is the glaze firing finishing samples they have hanging in their clay department. It can be very disappointing when you spend days/weeks/months on a pottery project; fire it and the color and/or finish turns out to something other than what you expected. Not a problem here because they have a clay exhibit as representation of how each glaze will look once it's fired. Very thoughtful on their part.
<review# 334,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/25/2011,4/16/2012,84,177,1,2,2>Ever sit at your cubical and think "I sure could use a little spice in my life"? Well I have the place for you; first off put your dirty thoughts aside this is a food review people... I went to Gourmet India! I have had Indian food before and enjoy it so I was excited for this review but at the same time nervous because well, it is in a food court. I was pleasantly surprised once I took my first bite of my chicken Tikki Masala the worry was washed away. The meal was not overly spicy but it was full of bold flavor. The chicken was super tender and the vegetables Daal Tori (fancy for zucchini) paired nicely. As an admitted "carbaholic" my favorite part was the Nan flat bread. There are few things in life as enjoyable as dipping warm bread into sauce. Gourmet India has a lot of options and the people working there were more than happy to offer a sample or explain a dish so even for a novice Indian food order-er like myself the process was painless. I will be going back and I suggest you give a try too when you are in the mood for something different.
<review# 335,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/7/2012,4/15/2012,47,156,1,5,4>I recently bought my first bike since junior high, and I was terrified of the potential hipster pretension of a bike repair shop.  My love of safety won out, and I took my new-to-me bike in for some new brakes and a once-over by someone who actually knows something about bikes.They could not have been nicer.  I had to wait a couple minutes, but the gentleman who worked with me was friendly, thorough and willing to work within my price range.  He explained the areas that needed work, asked how much I paid for it (to get a sense of how much I would want to spend fixing it up), and explained everything.  He gave me used but serviceable parts as much as he could, and the cost for what I got was very reasonable.*Now I've got a bike, and I love it!  The brakes stop me when I need to stop, the gears change when I tell them to, and I feel super cool pedaling to work.*I think, I mean, what do I know, I've never been to a bike repair place before. I just know that I didn't feel ripped off
<review# 336,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/31/2011,4/14/2012,136,330,,11,3>I was so excited to check this place out that we went on opening night. I was not disappointed in the least however, I do think they'll figure out a few things as time goes on - and it's not the craziness of opening night.  This place is a great addition to the providence scene.  The dueling pianists were great and kept us well entertained (with songs and comedy) and we loved singing along.  I was a little shocked at the casualness of the bar tenders and mixed age crowd, but then again it was opening night.  I can't wait to go back with a gang for a fun, singing filled night.  The food was fine, bar food - nothing amazing but certainly no complaints.  Grab a gang or just one or two tag-alongs and check this place out!
<review# 337,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/11/2012,4/13/2012,59,112,1,4,2>After going here 15 times, I figured it's about time I wrote a review about this place.  My girlfriend and I simply love this place.  The first time we came was when a freak snow storm knocked out power all over RI and Ebisu happened to be one of them.  Disappointed, we still tried to come back the following weekend and it's a good thing we did!The food and atmosphere is outstanding and not what you expect given it's location in Providence.  However, getting past that, the moment you step in, it was like another world.  The first dishes that we sampled were the Spicy Tuna Tostada and the ramen dishes, Nagasaki Champon and Sapporo Ramen.  The Spicy Tuna Tostada was exactly what other Yelpers have said.....DELICIOUS.  Even my girlfriend who's not a fan of raw, enjoyed it and we ordered that just about every visit.  The ramen was just as delicious and can't be compared to that cheap Maruchan instant noodles package.  One thing I should mention is that the eggs were soooo good, I wish I knew how they poached them to the point where the egg is hard boiled but the yolk becomes slightly jelly.  Also the scallops they came in were huge compared to what other places gave.  All in all our first visit was astounding and we have always came here at least a few times a month.  We also got to know the owners, X who handles the front of the store during the day but does some of the cooking at night and Kazu who comes up with all the delicious dishes.  So far we tried most of the specials they have listed on their bulletin board as well as the various other dishes including Shabu Shabu and haven't been disappointed.  Everything is well prepared, pleasing to the eye and reasonably priced.  Highly recommended for anyone to drop by and try the place out!
<review# 338,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/1/2011,4/12/2012,76,44,2,4,2>I can't believe I haven't tried Mama Kim's sooner, as a student I frequent K. Plaza on weekly basis, and I can probably speak for all students when I say we are always looking for something quick and affordable for lunch. The same goes to "us" ripta commuters- Dunkin', Subway, and 711's selection of food gets old really fast. Although Mama Kim's is a food truck I honestly can say the quality is more like, well, how Mama makes it. :) Granted I've only tried them twice so far, but doesn't that say a lot?   Okay quick review on my first time trying them out. Their special of the day were homemade dumplings, sadly I didn't get to try them out because I ended up picking up the wrong order. (This was my fault, not theirs. I overheard them call my order # when it wasn't really mine and they didn't doubt I made a mistake). I was in too much of a rush to go back and clarify I just accepted whatever was given to me. I don't know what the name of it was but it was a rice dish w/ beef pieces, it had a really strong, wonderful aroma and reminded me of beef teriyaki sticks "us" Asian folks always have at barbecues. Guess you can say I'm glad I took someone else's order. *insert maniacal laughter here*   Oh! which reminds me I have a long-winded story of trying to find these guys using the gps on my phone one day with no avail. (Not realizing they were a food truck and not an actual eat-in). With that said I really wished they had an actual restaurant with one situated location! Others would probably disagree, but I think this would be a great idea. They would fit right in with the college-y, hipster Thayer scene but be more successful with their prices and regular fan-base.Okay, second time I tried Mama Kim's I had their sweet potato fries. If you haven't tried it already you should. My salivary glands are acting up just thinking about it! Nomnomnom. \(^.^)/ With this side order I had a really nice sweet bun sandwich with that familiar delicious, tender meat from last time. I should also mention I did try one of their Milkis soda drinks and thought it was oddly stimulating... Scratch that, light and bubbly. I want to try the strawberry one. :) Far as my review goes I would have to say I'm a fan! Though on a side-note it seems like they need to visit the Plaza more often! everytime I check they're always @ Thayer/Waterman... booo :(
<review# 339,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/22/2012,4/11/2012,91,416,2,7,4>I've walked the Cliff Walk many times but usually only from Salve Regina to First Beach.  This time I decided to go the other way and I'm glad I had the stamina to complete the whole adventure. Put together1. Amazing ocean views2. Opulent houses to drool over3. Well defined walkway4. Beaches at both ends to take a break5. Free parking and entrance6. Unique sights along the way (Asian style house, lover's tunnel, forty steps, etc)7. A long walk (over 3 miles one way)and you have a great way to spend a spring or fall afternoon.  I don't say summer because you're going to be spending all of your energy avoiding the other walkers and not enjoying the scenery.  If you go, and you should, please keep the place clean and be respectful of the people's private property.
<review# 340,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/21/2012,4/10/2012,15,71,3,3,2>Well its spring time that means time to wash off the pollen and bird turds off the car! This place is right next to Governor Francis on Warwick Ave. if your from the area you have probably drove by it. On a nice hot and sunny day you might also notice the line of cars waiting to use their awesome "touch-less" automatic wash, it is worth it. For just ten dollars you can get the "deluxe" package, I have found this to be the best. You get the under carriage cleaned, 4 rinses and a "blow dryer" for 60 seconds after its all said and done. The blow dry really helps with the water-spots which you get if you just spray your car down and don't dry it, I love my car to much to have all those grey soap streaks. The parking lot where you clean out the interior is a bit dirty, but the attendant tries his best to keep it clean. The lot is bound to get dirty because of the amount of people who visit (I can't talk I usually only clean the inside of my car once every 3 months lol). Overall ten bucks for a touch-less wash is very reasonable, I have yet to find a better automatic wash. (Oh did I mention touch-less? This means no scratches to your car from the hard brushes that other places use). Great find
<review# 341,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/15/2013,11/3/2013,484,215,7,1,1>What a great joint! It's essentially a townie bar that caters to locals. But the food here is awesome, and the staff here is great. But what takes the cake are the local characters. Upon arrival, my traveling companion and I noticed a woman sitting at the bar, drinking a beer and becoming very agitated. We noticed only one staff member was handling the bar and the dining area, so we seated ourselves and patiently waited for her. She waved, told us she'd be right over and indeed she was. And that's when all hell broke loose. The woman to whom I referred went nuts on the staffer, screaming at said waitress because she apparently didn't move fast enough to check the patron's Keno ticket. Yep, that's right dear Yelper, this woman went bat $&@/ crazy because the waitress didn't have time to check her Keno ticket. Epic, epic battle ensued. Waitress then kindly took our orders and apologized for the patron's behavior. Said patron then yelled, "don't $&@/ing apologize for me. Do your damn job. You're a waitress. A $&@/ing waitress. I pay your salary and those two aren't even from around here!"  Annnnddddd that's when the waitress lost her mind. A spectacular battle of wills shouting match ensued, with the waitress beating back her opponent at each turn, and the patron becoming increasingly agitated. Finally, after at least 15 minutes of gut busting, laugh out loud ridiculousness from this amazingly idiotic patron, my traveling companion yells, "will you shut the ever loving $&@/ up? You can check your ticket over there!" And that's when she pointed to the lottery ticket machine on the wall. Applause erupted from the bar flies. Said angry patron was thrown out. The bar applauded on a wild ovation that included a chorus of "NA NA NA NA, hey hey, goodbye". And off she went. Dinner was amazing. My fish and chips was out of sight and my partner's BLT rocked her socks off. A beer or two for the lady and a few soft drinks for me and we were good to go. We happily paid our server and tipped her well. She deserved it. And on the way out, several bar flies made it known we were welcome anytime, which we thought was rather cool. When staying at the adjacent Best Western or Super 8, you must eat here. It's gooooddddd. And you might see the crazy townie with the Keno ticket fetish. On my list for another shot when we return next week.
<review# 342,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/5/2013,11/2/2013,73,433,1,6,3>Mid-week, date night with my husband and Coco Pazzo was dead on a Wednesday but the decor was still so freakin' classic and service was great. Just what the Dr. prescribed during an end-of-semester crunch for my husband.Slammin' Crunchy Oysters with Pesto and a Beet Salad so good I wanted to lick the plate. Topped off with a $4 strawberry margarita and I was a girl in heaven.Husband got the chicken and said it was cooked perfectly and the breading looked oh so, light and crunchy.Too bad I didn't save room for dessert and my butt will definitely be in those adorbs European cafe chairs outside this summer!
<review# 343,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/12/2013,11/1/2013,29,104,3,4,3>A little bit of everything...  Paths to walk/jog/ride?  Check.  Water for relaxing, fishing, or riding paddleboats?  Check. Areas for picnicking?  Check.  Food?  Check. Playground for the kids? And a carousel? Check. Dog park?  (for dogs, people, not for your kids to run around in)  Check. Tennis courts? Basketball hoops?  Check.  Lovely place to spend an afternoon.
<review# 344,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/16/2013,10/31/2013,65,138,5,8,3>If you are a dog owner, you loathe rainy and frigid days when taking your dog outside feels more like a "chore".  Bow chika Wow Town is the solution to all of these problems.An indoor dog park where you can let your loyal friend run wild and fancy free?! Yes please.  What a great establishment.  Employees are decked out in referee shirts, which I find absolutely adorable.  They are there monitoring the dogs and to clean away doggie doo reminants with their high powered steam cleaner.  For an indoor dog park the cleanliness of this place amazes me.  It doesn't even smell like dog!There are plenty of toys for your dog to play with and water bowls placed about.  They have a big and small dog area, for those more timid dogs.  Staff is super friendly and make every effort to learn your dog by name.  It's like Cheers for dogs!The next time its "raining cats and dogs" bring Sparky to Bow chika Wow Town, you won't be disappointed.
<review# 345,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/21/2013,10/30/2013,30,75,,4,2>When my reviews are long, then you need to worry.This is a short review.It's nice in here. Real nice. Dark & quiet, you could actually hold a conversation.The drinks are top notch. (Try the Manhattan) This is a place to come when you Know what you want.If you want a drink, come here.P.s. There are no TVs, so if you want to watch the "big game" then maybe you'd better stay home.
<review# 346,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/18/2013,10/29/2013,51,175,1,3,2>I love burgers. I love cheese. This is a great place for burgers in Providence (especially since Travel + Leisure listed Providence as one of the top burger destinations in the country). You really can't go wrong with a place where you can build your own burger. Two things I need to recommend are the Philly Cheese Steak Egg Rolls. I know other Yelpers have suggested these, which means you HAVE to get them. I think I noticed that they no longer have the gorgonzola tots on the menu (if I remember correctly). They were a bit rich, but definitely delicious! Looks like they are just cheddar tots listen on the menu now.One tip: if there is a PC game (or any event at the Dunk) there is probably going to be a longer wait than usual.
<review# 347,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/10/2013,10/27/2013,61,120,2,3,2>If you're going to Berk's, please for the love of God do it early. Maybe on a weekday. When college is out and the students are gone. Nine out of ten times it's packed so the service is meh and you get so tired of politely repeating "EXCUSE ME!!!" to every other person in the store just so you can move around. However, that one other time you go and have the place almost to yourself is like you have stumbled in to an alternate universe! The store feels big! I can move where I want! I have not one but TWO sales associates helping me! Say what?!Berk's has a decent selection of women's clothing for a shop of their size (I suppose). Many items by BB Dakota and Alternative Apparel. None of the clothes I try ever work out for me though.What keeps me coming back is their shoes. They have a solid selection of Frye boots and some flats, lots of Toms, Jack Rogers, Rainbows, and Danskos among other brands. Fear not, they also have dress shoes and rainboots (and men's shoes if you're a dude!). Recently I got some cute Pink & Pepper wedges and some so-comfy-I-could-live-in-them casual sandals by Eric Michael.A great little spot on Thayer which will stay on my shopping list.
<review# 348,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/26/2013,10/26/2013,26,185,,9,3>Needs to be discovered. . .If you're tired of the same old same old at Seven Moons, or the service issues with Kon, then you should give this place a try.Located where the Fish Market used to be, in an otherwise non-descript strip mall, O Sushi has a nice, modern space.  We were there a little before 6 pm on a Saturday evening and there were very few other people there, which led to us being seated right away.  We opted for a table instead of the sushi bar.  The hostess was friendly and we were greeted by our server quickly.  Drinks were brought soon after we ordered them, and we placed our order - crab rangoon, nime chow, a spider roll, shrimp fried rice for my wife, and the chirashi sushi dish for me.  A choice of salad or soup came with my entree, and I opted for the miso.All the food was brought out at a nice pace, not so quickly that we hadn't finished the previous course, nor so slow that we were left twiddling our thumbs, and was very good.  The rangoons were different than the standard triangle foldover kind you find everywhere else, more of small spring rolls.  The sushi was fresh and tasty and my wife really enjoyed her fried rice and nime chow (I had these leftover the next day for lunch as well).Overall, the price was reasonable and we were happy with our experience there.  We really hope that business picks up for them (but not too much so we'd have to wait to get in) as we love having the option to go someplace other than the previously mentioned restaurants.   Maybe they should do a Groupon or something to get the word out. . .
<review# 349,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/29/2013,10/25/2013,28,124,,4,3>A great go to spot down town.They have a large selection of beer that you would never find at an average bar and they all taste great. Can't make up your mind on what beer to try? Get the sample platter. Besides the great beer, the food is awesome. Appetizers are delicious and well portioned at a reasonable price. I'm always craving the lobster mac and cheese from the dinner menu. They have great entertainment events. trivia, comedy groups, drag queens. Its never a dull night at Trinity Brewhouse
<review# 350,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/5/2013,10/24/2013,202,333,11,5,6>New to town and in need of a master waxer?  It's a special day when you find a true queen that seems totally natural to spread eagle for. I've been following Alex up down and all around the east and west bay before she took her business smarts to my little Pawtuxet Village. Now I can buzz to her hive when in need of some yard work. She will take everything (bunny trails, tail feathers, and even bumpies).  And for all the XYs who are into manscaping - she does ball waxes too. She's super clean: gloves, new stick, and even sanitizes the skin prior to spreading and ripping.  She uses cream wax which happens to be my preferred flavor.She has the best stories and talks the entire time, making even the most delicate of rips feel virtually painless as you gasp and laugh at her humor. (And this is coming from a Hairy Greek.)Reasonably priced, but cash only - so come after you hit up the ATM.
<review# 351,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/24/2013,12/14/2013,20,65,2,4,2>If heaven were a nail salon and spa....Over the last few years, I feel like I have tried every nail salon in all of New England. Granted, this may be a slight overstatement, but when you can't find that special place- a place that not only does something you could easily do yourself (i.e., paint nails), but also provides you with immense pampering and relaxation--it can get rather frustrating. Luckily, I just so happened upon VIP Nails and Spa and found my special place. I have now gone twice and neither time was I disappointed. In fact, I find it amazing just how fantastic they are with the prices they're charging! I got a basic manicure ($15)-but it was no ordinary basic manicure. It comes with a parafin wax, a 5-10 minute neck, shoulder and lower back massage, precise sculpting and grooming of the nails, and then a wonderful paint. Then- when your nails are drying, they may even rub your back for another 5-10 minutes if they have the time! I've also gotten a pedicure, and truly can say that this was the absolute best pedicure I have ever gotten. I decided to splurge and went with the Honeymoon pedicure ($45), which included real honey being spread on my calfs, covered in saran wrap and then covered with a warm towel to soften my skin. They also did a 10 minute massage on my legs and feet, then used hot stones to massage both of the aforementioned as well! It was really quite lovely. Overall, I have to say with VIP Nails & Spa, I'm in Beauty Heaven!
<review# 352,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/27/2013,12/13/2013,25,31,2,4,2>I came here a while ago and remembered being so entranced by the decor and the service that I promised myself I would come back with the girls again. I have yet to return but I am planning on it in the next few weeks because the cocktails & food here, were PERFECT.When we didn't know what to order, the Bartender suggested a few drinks and we loved them ALL. I ended up ordering some food and although I don't remember what vegan dish I got (again, per her recommendation) I remember thinking: Is this real life? Is this dish really this good? Guys, I was salivating WHILE eating, talk about mouth-watering food! Seriously, coupled with the amazing incorporation of Down City, delicious food and perfectly-made drinks and super customer service, it made me feel so high-class and my first impression: This will become a staple for my friends & I.
<review# 353,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/12/2013,12/12/2013,24,46,2,3,3>Such a cute place!   I can't believe I've lived in Providence this whole time and never went before! I got Wrapped Nachos and it was absolutely delicious.  I am not the type of person who likes to put chips in my sandwich but the nachos were not overwhelming and I only got the occasional crunch.  It was delightful.  I even got root beer in a glass bottle! I love any place that I can have soda in a glass bottle, an instant winner.  They gave me so much food that I didn't even have room for ice cream (actually, there's always room for ice cream...)I can't wait to venture back there again and try some ice cream!
<review# 354,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/13/2013,12/11/2013,29,88,4,8,5>The Blind Tailor Caffe is a new spot that just opened up downtown and I'm really digging the concept.  I think it's something that fills a gap in the downtown area and am excited to see something different!  It's a small but very quaint spot with seating for about 15 or 20 at the most.  They have a coffee bar with italian coffees and espressos, sandwiches, soups, salads, a few dessert items, as well as wine and liquor.  For lunch, their offerings are different and something the downtown was definitely missing.  Sure, there are places to get sandwiches and soup downtown, but not of the kind you'll find at the BTC.  I know "fancy" sandwiches are not everyone's cup of tea but if I want a plain sandwich, I can bring that from home.  When I get a sandwich I want something different, with lots of flavor.  The BTC hit the nail on the head with this if you ask me.  They have about 5 or 6 sandwich options (all panini's - my fav!) and the one I've had thus far was the Roast Beef and Fontina cheese sandwich.  It was awesome!  Warm, crispy yet chewy, savory, and really delicious.  I was very impressed.  I've also had the Lobster Bisque, which was a soup special, and this was excellent as well.  It was creamy, flavorful, and indulgent - everything that a Lobster Bisque should be.  I found this to be on par or better than the Lobster Bisque at Hemmenways so that should say something.  This is not soup that comes from a giant bag and is prepared who knows where.  This is homemade and FRESH.  You can definitely tell the difference.  One thing I love about the BTC is that they are open into the evening so if I need to stop in quick and grab something to bring home for dinner, they are an option.  Right now there are no other options besides take out from a sit down restaurant.   I seflishly hope this is an area they expand in because I think this is super convenient and hope other folks downtown catch on that this is an option.  Beyond the food offerings I think The BTC seems like a quiet little spot to grab an after dinner drink, cup of coffee, or even a pre-dinner drink if you can't find a spot at the bar across the street at Circe.  The BTC is admittedly under development and probably technically still under a soft opening but what I've seen so far is solid and I am really excited to see what is yet to come!   Don't hesitate to give it a shot!
<review# 355,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/13/2013,12/10/2013,154,146,2,2,3>Stopped in here to buy coffee beans with a friend for the first time and I loved the atmosphere; cozy, customers looked productive on their laptops, and some enjoying a leisurely chess game.  The selection of coffee beans is impressive along with the many varieties of coffee pots they have for sale. The line was a bit long and it was crowded but I will be back to get my bean fix and maybe some gifts too!
<review# 356,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/8/2013,12/9/2013,136,330,2,4,2>I attended my first class last night and I'm hooked! HOOKED!The people were super friendly and welcoming, the place was state if the art, super clean and had a chic vibe and Trainer Maria was supportive, helpful, funny and I know this studio will be a very happy, fresh start for my new TRX life!From one gymaphobe to another this place looks challenging yet doable and most importantly I felt comfortable and can't wait to go back!If you get a special or package the prices are very reasonable too!
<review# 357,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/15/2013,12/8/2013,34,295,,5,2>I came here recently for lunch with a friend who works nearby.  It was a little chilly but we were able to sit out back on the deck.  Even with the clear plastic tarp around the deck, the view kicks ass.The service was good and more importantly my burger rocked.  It was cooked perfectly and the fries were great.  I would recommend ordering it without the caramelized onions.  I was burping those damn things up all day/night.I can't wait to come back when it's warm out.
<review# 358,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/17/2013,12/7/2013,166,566,3,3,2>Lovely decor, great service, fresh sushi. It took me about two years to get here, but it certainly won't take me that long to go back... It was a little pricy, but I hear there are reasonable lunch specials... I did not try any of the Thai dishes, but the sushi was great. Let's discuss specifics, shall we?Coconut shrimp, while delicious: lightly battered and slightly fried, didn't have very much coconut flavor. The honey mustard dipping sauce was, however, flavorful.Cajun tuna - was a HUGE appetizer.  It was yummy; fresh and tasty. This would be a good appetizer to share amongst a few people. The ponzu sauce was good, but didn't need so much (it was almost drowning in it), not allowing the tuna's pure flavors to stand out on their own.The salmon ceviche sounded wonderful...in theory. It consisted of a combination of many ingredients: mango, avocado, tomato, onion, cilantro and PEPPER. To be fair, there was an illustration of a pepper, indicating the dish would be spicy. But it was one of the spiciest things I have ever eaten. I asked what made it so hot and was told it was Thai chillis. It was good, but I drank 3 beverages while consuming this dish. If you don't like spicy food, stay away! While I sat at the sushi bar, I observed the chef making a plate of sashimi that I would love to order next time. The presentation of all the plates I witnessed the three chefs make were all amazingly beautiful. Aesthetics go a long way with this yelper. I'll look forward to returning soon!
<review# 359,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/19/2013,12/6/2013,123,183,,7,1>Small, homey, cozy, quaint. Food is awesome and feels homemade with love. It's one of those divey places that just makes me smile. We went here for breakfast and noticed that there is usually a wait. Try coming on an off time so you can grab one of the few booths available. If it's packed, come another time, it's worth it!Order anything, it's all very good. I love the blackberry muffin...they will grill it for you :)  Parking across the street! CASH only.
<review# 360,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/12/2013,12/5/2013,14,82,3,4,3>Crepes, Crepes, Crepes!! I was strolling down Federal Hill one night when I walked by Palmieri's. You almost miss it - a little bakery tucked back behind all those chairs and tables - but its there and it's a place you don't want to miss!I have a love for crepes. Not sure why, or how, but I do. I saw their sign for crepes and cupcakes (oh, i love cupcakes too fyi!) like a beacon calling my name, and I dragged my husband over there. We hadn't had dinner yet, but why not have dessert first!?I had a banana foster crepe, which was fantastic!! Pre dinner appetizer? Why not!? He had the nutella one, also delicious. You get to watch the staff make them too, which can be fun. I, instead, chose to gawk at the pastry case and choose my after dinner dessert. I took home some sort of peanut butter chocolate deliciousness. It was decadent, and maybe something I should have shared... You will notice, despite my love for their crepes I deducted a star because both times I've been there the staff seemed truly miserable. We all have bad days, but....
<review# 361,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/15/2014,5/17/2014,484,215,3,4,2>I've been meaning to get into this joint for...well...years! Finally had the chance prior to recently attending a matinee of Wicked at PPAC (good to be back in The PVD). Pretty impressed.  It's a hole in the wall. But from what I'm told, it's a place that's widely known in town as a good joint for a quick sammie. We stopped in, placed an order and chowed down. Geoff's did not disappoint in the flavor department. The three of us ordered our favs off the menu (I had a roast beef sandwich, my son had chicken and my partner in crime had the reuben). Each of us reported a warm, flavorful sandwich that was stuffed with a good supply of meat and the fixings promised on the menu. I can, however, see where some are right when they say the sandwiches can be too moist and soak through the bread (if not eaten immediately). Nevertheless, we took the table by the window and reveled in sammie goodness.  Interesting facts about the place...1. If you need to use the bathroom, be prepared. You'll know why when you ask for it!2. Some report that the service is rude. I did not experience that at all. There were 4 young kids behind the counter, working hard, taking orders and kidding with each other and the guests. 3. They take credit cards.4. Interesting mix of cold drinks available...including milk shakes.5. I was going to buy a t-shirt as a joke, but nobody could "find the key to the locker" in which they were stored. I felt the price was a little strong for what we got, but I have to admit we enjoyed our lunch and agreed we need to go back and try it again. I plan on taking some coworkers here for lunch in the near future as this place gave my taste buds a good show.  Don't hesitate...give this joint a shot. You'll enjoy it.
<review# 362,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/23/2014,5/16/2014,40,165,3,4,3>I really love this place. It's got a cozy fireplace and a bunch of flavors. I use it as bribery with my five year old. "If your good at trader joes I'll buy you froyo." So far so good. I'm boring and always get the pineapple coconut with pineapples, coconut flakes, granola, and honey. Like sunshine in a cup. My lil man switches it up but always adds gummy bears. He loves the chocolate, mango and vanilla with orange. They sell groupons sometimes too.
<review# 363,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/17/2013,5/15/2014,26,103,2,5,2>Strip Mall dining at its best.I decided to visit Pho Horn not because of it's location but because of the reviews of fellow yelpers -- THANK YOU ALL!I never would have sought out this place and upon walking inside I never would have expected the service and the food to be at the level which it was.The server was friendly, helpful and attentive.  I got the Canh Chua (vegetariain version)  soup; it was the perfect balance of sweet and sour and I enjoyed it so much that the large bowl which at first seemed like an impossible amount to eat was almost fully gone when I finally threw in the towel.I can not wait to go back and explore more of the menu.
<review# 364,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/30/2014,5/14/2014,94,40,10,9,6>Taking a "home cooked meal" literally,  Apsara is a now, what was once a house.  Lets take a walk down memory lane: Homegirl gets a lunch invite.  I got my make up painted on, my hairs did, and the bass pumpin.  Im doin my thang driving and listening to the gps.  Homegirls feeling a little uneasy not knowing where she's at!  With the destination ahead, I tell Siri she's on drugs as she brings me to THIS crack house!  None-the-less, I abide by my rules of the three "F's".  Friends, Food, and Free and its Fo me.  I put on my shades and walk it out.  While this place is in need of some serious Fung Shway, they can cook it up.  While Homegirl may not be fair, she's honest.  If a house crack house turned restraunt is their style, then so be it.   With hoy sin like theirs, they can and seat me in the bathtub for all i care.  This place is affordable, and a good place to try out some new flavors.  Can't go wrong with vegetables, thats all i have ordered, once with some sauce up in it.  Good stuff.  Probably the most unappealing exterior I have ever seen.  But guess what, A mother doesn't get to choose what her baby looks like. Take it or leave Aspara.  If you take it, invite homegirl with the three "F's" in mind.  If you leave it, homegirl will have more elbow room to practice her chopstick skills.
<review# 365,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/24/2014,5/13/2014,56,130,,4,2>Plenty of street parking within .5 mile radius in all directions - Parallel parking, so be sure you practice before going...no bumping allowed! :)Small but very cute and tastefully decorated inside. Perhaps seats about 40 (including the counter seats). Waiting area is outside on the sidewalk, there is a bench or just inside the door (only about 5-7 can stand "comfortably" just inside the door). It is seat yourself, but the staff will quickly help keep everyone in line and organized based on first come first serve. As busy as the place was the staff was calm and friendly. They don't accept reservations for breakfast but it is worth the wait!They have specials that you can review while you wait, usually printed on separate papers. The regular menu is available to review while you wait, but I would recommend reviewing the menu online before your visit, because the choice will be difficult on the spot and to lessen the wait for others, be ready to order.The food was fresh and hot and came out quickly. The plating was gorgeous and plentiful (see pictures). The prices were absolutely appropriate for the quality and quantity!  I had the pulled pork hash with poached eggs, potatoes and house made biscuits. Wow, I loved everything about this plate and it just got better as the yoke ran into the pulled pork making it even richer in texture and flavor. Love! My better half had the biscuit with Sausage Gravy with a side order of eggs. The sausage gravy was to die for, the rue was perfect, because it did not have a pasty/floury taste...it was a creamy gravy with quality sausage bits.The wait staff was great. Quick and on point. Carefully watched our drink levels to the point we didn't have to ask. The efficient staff keep this place running smoothly along with the professional kitchen chefs.I am glad that I finally checked this restaurant off of my list "to try". I will keep this one bookmarked, because I can't wait to try something sweet for breakfast...perhaps the Nutella Stuffed French Toast? YES PLEASE.  I love breakfast...I love this place!!!
<review# 366,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/25/2014,5/12/2014,20,64,3,6,2>G-Pub is tucked behind the new luxury apartments on Dorrance, conveniently located in the center of downtown. They're new and still getting their bearings but I thought for a downtown pub, it was refresher from the ever-frequented Trinity or some of its rival bars. Admittedly, I just came in for a drink and an incredibly healthy mid-day snack of french fries, but they were good and I definitely can see myself screaming my face off at one of their large TVs seamlessly integrated into their interior design while my home hockey team unavoidably loses to the Bruins. Yeah, yeah, you had a good season, I get it. It's a good thing G-Pub has a diverse beer menu to drown my sorrows.  Our server was helpful and attentive, despite it being a Saturday and split our checks without even asking, which is a plus in my book because when you're out with a group, you always get stuck paying for someone's corn dogs even though you don't eat meat or covering someone else's bad math. The pulled pork was supposedly very good but looked a little on the small side and I'm excited to try out more menu options in future visits. Also, this seems like a weird thing to note, but their bathroom is awesome. Spacious and with PLENTY of full length mirrors so you're not lingering in front of a sink while someone is trying to wash their hands or wandering out with toilet paper stuck to your shoe sole. There's pool table in the back, too, and I can imagine this place filling up on Friday and weekend nights.
<review# 367,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/16/2013,5/11/2014,61,120,4,7,2>If you're going for ambiance, outstanding service, or haute cuisine, you're probably in the wrong location. But if what you really want is just some classic diner food served up in a casual joint in the wee hours of the morning, well then come on in to Seaplane and grab a seat!In my book, there is not much that is better than cozying up in a booth with friends enjoying some breakfast comfort foods while you rehash the stories of the night and ponder life's great existential questions. The food was good and pretty standard for a diner (just what I wanted), the service was just slow enough that you had time to really get in to the meat of your conversations and extend your night to hit that sweet spot, and the atmosphere was only enhanced by the eclectic mix of patrons. There is nowhere better for people watching than a late-night diner, except for maybe a Wal-Mart or state fair. That being said, the other patrons were probably thinking the exact same thing about my group. But, seriously, you are at a diner feasting on breakfast foods so who cares! It's like the best kind of alternate reality. What more is there to want?
<review# 368,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/3/2014,5/10/2014,296,230,2,8,6>Maybe I'm a little biased because I lived down the block from here when I was a little tyke. Nowadays if I drive by and they're open, I can't help but pull over and stop in.I can't for the life of me find a coffee cabinet like theirs anywhere else. They use their own coffee syrup and have some sort of "secret recipe," according to my dad. They have vanilla and chocolate cabinets as well and they're good, but the coffee is my favorite by far because they're rare to come by.They also still have their old soda fountain so you can get a REAL vanilla coke. Or they'll pretty much mix whatever you ask for, even if you want a squirt of everything (totally gross, but whatever floats your boat dude). This place is also an old school pharmacy, gift shop, and kind of a general store. You can still get penny candy here, although it's 5 cents now.If you can't find parking on the street near here, there's a giant municipal parking area less than a block away.A lot of the friendly faces I used to see here have passed on, but hopefully their legacy continues to live through this little corner store.
<review# 369,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/13/2014,5/9/2014,22,71,3,4,3>How could I argue with another Yelper named "Ryan B."?! Harbor Freight is the Cat's Pajamas of tool stores. I couldn't agree more with his sentiment that it's basically a toy store for dudes. The quality of some items may be lacking, but for most everyday uses their stuff is good enough to get the job done. As the saying goes, if it ain't broke don't fix it. Why would I pay $100 for a service cart if I can get one for $40?I'll tell you why: though the $100 service cart may have a max capacity of 500 lbs if I'm just going to use the thing as an industrial-looking bar cart then why on God's green earth would I pay for more than I need? Do yourself a favor and look for coupons on their website or in a men's magazines before heading there. The 5 minutes it takes could save you a boatload of money. This place is like a DIYers dream come true!
<review# 370,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/21/2014,5/8/2014,28,124,2,3,2>This place is awesome for anyone who does and crafts with yarn. I had passed this place so many times and never gone in. I went with my mom and sister on random afternoon to check it out and couldn't be happier. The staff was great. he was so friendly and a great reference if you need pointers on a project. The space is not huge, but it is larger then most yarn sections in other stores. They have basic yarn, special yarn for projects, and even some left over scraps that are great for random projects. Not a yarn person but want to learn? They also offer classes. Some are basic for learning and some are for more experienced levels looking to learn something new. While I was there I signed up to learn how to knit socks. (super excited) Definitely stop in if you have the chance.
<review# 371,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/5/2012,2/25/2013,53,70,3,5,2>I'm in love with this place.  Finally a decent sandwich option that isn't fussy.  I've tried a turkey sandwich and the chicken salad sandwich.  Every morsel is nice and smoky - why?  Turns out they kept the former tenant's (United BBQ) smoker so all their meats are cooked in house and oh so delicious.  The also make their pickles, chips, and side salads in house.  I hear they'll be making a pulled pork sandwich out of said smoker come football season.  This guy will be there for the first batch.
<review# 372,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/2/2012,2/24/2013,48,138,,7,2>Disclaimer:  I have taken a total of four yoga classes in my life and all of them have been at Providence Power Yoga.  First, the space is unbelievable.  The foyer is calming that is painted with a soothing blue and has great seating. There is usually a smiling staff member at the desk who will answer your questions.  I walked in and explained that I have NEVER taken a yoga class ot even tried a yoga pose.  The owner, JoEllen Hockenbrough, happen to be there at the time and completely put me at ease.  She assured me that I would get great benefits from yoga and that the community is nothing short of supportive.  Most of the classes are heated (95 degrees) and they provided rented mats, sell coconut and regular bottle d water, and offer free yoga blocks and straps for your use.  There are four ample dressing rooms and a separate room for massage (!), which I haven't tried.  In my four classes, I have had a different instructor each time and they all have been very good.  JoEllen (by far!) is the best so far.  She really made me believe I could complete the poses and I *did*!Things to keep in mind:There are no showersThere is some great trial memberships (I am trying the $50 first month unlimited yoga!)It is located in the Brown/RIH triangle, so expect students and healthcare professionalsBut overall- it has been an amazing experience!
<review# 373,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/12/2013,2/23/2013,114,236,2,7,3>None of that Chipotle-style walk down the assembly line BS here... this is where you go for a real-deal, made-to-order, Mexican flavor explosion burrito.Taco Mix looks a little strange from the outside - it's a former KFC with one of those curved wall of windows facing the street  but it's really sweet inside: super-clean, lots of plants and cultural knick-knacks, not sketchy in the slightest. Order to dine in or take out with the ALWAYS friendly person at the counter; they speak both English and Spanish. There are loads of menu options (tortas, tamales, tacos, etc) including house-made drinks like horchata and Mexican sodas, also a full breakfast menu starting at 5AM! including "Mexican Breakfast" and "Guatemalan Breakfast" plates with no explanation; I'm determined to get to bottom of that mystery. No alcohol served.I've had Super Burritos with pork (lots of fat), chicken (TONS of spiced-out chicken), but what has me really cheering ¡Olé! is a veggie burrito which isn't on the menu. As mentioned in another review, what takes this burrito to another level is hunks of pan-FRIED CHEESE.They have their own parking lot - very nice to not deal with street parking on the unpredictable Broad St. in CF.
<review# 374,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/12/2012,2/22/2013,239,181,,4,3>Anyone call for breakfast? Amanda's might look small (because it is) but that doesn't mean it skimps on the taste or menu. Amanda's is guaranteed to fit your needs for breakfast food or even brunch if you roll out of bed around noon (hey some of us have those nights). Amanda's Kitchen set up is cool cause it lets you look in on the master work that is their chef. He works so fast (and you have to when the restaurant is constantly full). Speaking of that, heads up that it is a smaller restaurant and expect to be waiting 10-15 mins depending on the hour. Parking is ok but you might have to find street parking since the restaurant is right in the fork in the road.
<review# 375,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/12/2013,2/21/2013,20,192,,8,2>I'm updating my review...still 4 stars but I discovered a few update-worthy things my last visit.Most importantly: half-priced wine on Mondays!!!!! Both bottles AND glasses. This is amazing because they have a wonderful wine list with a range of price points, making this great for getting an already modestly priced bottle down into the teens OR treating yourself to a $120 Amarone for $60. My party of 3 had 2 bottles at the same price so it was like a buy one/get one free. I'm such a fan! And of course, RI law allows you to take an open, unfinished bottle home as long as it's corked and bagged properly, so don't hold back guys!Their pre-fixe: $22.95 for 3 courses until 7 o'clock (excluding Saturdays, I believe?). Nice options taken directly off their main menu, portions were definitely a smaller version but I'd rather have 3 smaller portions than 1 big one. And such a great price! As with last time, all our food was delicious.A few negatives (none of them a big deal): both times I've made a reservation well in advance but have had to wait to be seated. The first time this was because our table wasn't ready, but this time I'm not sure why because the restaurant was only about 1/4 full. Not that we waited long, but there's really no place to stand that isn't awkward. We weren't offered the coffee or tea that comes with the pre-fixe. Service was off to a slow start (though bread and water came right away), so we weren't told of the specials until we'd been seated for over 10 minutes. At that point we'd already made our decisions. Otherwise, everything was great. Service was very friendly, awesome wine list, good deals, delish food, and nice ambiance. I think I can now safely say this is my favorite Italian restaurant in the state!
<review# 376,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/12/2013,2/20/2013,123,183,2,4,2>Viva Diva's Place! At first glance Diva's looks out of place. Surrounded by restaurants and bakeries the iron gates stand out and the window invites fashionistas. I love stopping by to see what's new. Items are really unique, especially the fur coats. My eyes usually wander towards the jewelry in the center display. I purchased a coat for my mother and the owner mailed it to her in California. The owner also creates all of the art on the walls, and they are for sale! So far so good in my book!
<review# 377,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/20/2012,2/19/2013,136,330,2,6,6>Yum Yum Brunch!First - make sure to say ''I'm wearing my pjs'' and you get a free (YUP FREE!) mimosa or bloody! My bloody even had a jalapeno, cream cheese stuffed olive and pickled green bean garnish!Next I had the Florentine Benedict and it was perfect!  The food was wonderful, there wasn't a line that I had to wait so long that my sugar was so low my blood pressure was dropping (we sat down right away actually!) and the place is super nice and eclectic.And let me mention again, nice atmosphere and you're encouraged to wear your jammies! (Advice, I wouldn't really wear your PJs, but casual attire is appropriate)
<review# 378,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/7/2013,2/18/2013,27,126,2,3,2>We knew this place was small and we had tickets to an early show so we happily arrived a little before 5:30 on a Saturday to this place expecting to easily find a seat. The Abbey was still pretty busy, despite the early hour, but we managed to find the last available table, tucked away in the back. A funny thing happened while we were there. It was always completely full and yet there was never a wait. I can't say how it'd look around 7 or 8, but while we were there it was like clockwork; as one table left, another group arrived. A beer selection always piques my interest so I was glad to try this place. They have nearly 100 beers to choose from, although only about 25-30 are on tap. The selection is above average in size although it's not incredibly impressive if you're adventurous with your taste in beer. I've always believed that if you have something like Corona, Miller Light, Amstel, or Dos Equis on tap at a place that brags about their beer then those selections shouldn't be counted towards the overall number. So there are 25-30 on tap, but a lot of them are beers that you can get in any ol' bar. I'll never turn down a Harpoon IPA or a Sam Adams, but a place whose website is 92beers.com should be able to give me something different. What about a beer or two from Revival, Providence's newest microbrew or some sort of off the wall offering? Anyways, I'm getting carried away with a large paragraph on a minor complaint. With so many beers, you'll probably be able to find something you like. The place itself was great for watching a game. We were there during the NFL playoffs and even though the Patriots weren't on, all their tvs were tuned into the game and the speakers were on. Every seat in the house had a view of what was going on. We started the meal off with the homemade potato chips in a gorganzola cheese sauce. Personally I've never really found a homemade chip that I like. They're never thin, light, or crispy enough. But I know there are people out there who rave about a homemade chip and I know the girlfriend enjoyed them, so I won't knock them. Overall they're not my thing, but if they're you're thing, then give them a try. I was mostly here for the burgers and I wasn't disappointing. My Roadhouse burger (onion strings, gruyere cheese, bbq sauce, and garlic mayo on an onion roll) was fantastic. The size of the pile of fresh cut fries served on the side made me regret ordering an app. The entire plate made me a very happy guys. The service here was also excellent. How do I know? Because when the girlfriend dumped ketchup onto her perfectly prepared burger, the chef didn't come out to slap her. If you're in the area, in the mood for a burger, or want to watch a game while having a few beers then this is as good a place as any and it's better than most. I don't often find myself cruising down Admiral St, but if it happens again then I'll gladly stop in to try a different burger and I'm sure I'll leave the place happy again.
<review# 379,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/7/2013,2/17/2013,45,211,,3,3>Pizza Nirvana. So many different kinds so get ready for a heart-wrenching mouth watering decision. My go to is the chicken quesadilla: pico de gayo, chicken, sour creme, tortilla chips. Sooo good. They are open late, the prices are fantastic and the  staff somehow deals with the chaos that is hungry teenagers, college students and all those that love pizza. It's been far too long. I might need a trip ASAP!
<review# 380,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/4/2012,2/16/2013,37,111,,5,3>Harry's was a wonderful and delicious surprise on N Main in providence. I came here with my girlfriend for one of her friend's birthday dinner. They had a reservation so the table was setup when we got there. We actually hung around the bar area for 15 minutes or so to wait for the others in the party to arrive and the staff was fine with us hanging out at the bar. The friend who booked the table actually booked a room that they have in the basement that just so happens to have a shuffleboard table. However, it did not have any tables to eat on... We were rolling 12 deep and without any tables and just little shelves to put drinks on did not workout. We asked for some tables and in a few minutes time, were than escorted to the second floor (many floors to this establishment) through a narrow stairway from the entrance, where we were seated. The upstairs dining area was smallish in size and it felt like we took up half the upstairs area. But we were all comfortably seated now. So the beer from Harry's is pretty good. They had only three beers on tap but they were fine selections. I had a Sixpoint sour wheat beer and it delish. Oh and don't forget to order the boot glass that is only 68 oz. Only draft selection can be ordered to fill the boot (obvious reasons). So make sure you like the beer!As for the burgers - actually sliders - they were excellent. I had the Fungus Among Us slider and complimented the sliders with Sloppy Harry Chili Fries. It was a pairing like white on rice. My girl ordered the Crunch Burger which they over did it with the fried onion strings. It was overflowing to the floor (maybe not that much). Overall the service was excellent since we had a large party. The food and drinks came out promptly without mess ups. When the bill came, the waiter was nice enough to offer some members of our party to immediately charge their portion so as to make the other party paying by cash easier to split. I would recommend going and would personally be back to taste some of their other burgers.
<review# 381,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/10/2014,7/28/2014,226,1170,,7,2>I stopped in today for a hot chocolate. It was ok, mild. Bryan was very friendly and even asked me if it had enough chocolate in it. I do recommend a bit more but it was nice that he wanted to know. I cannot say I was wowed by the atmosphere, as others seem to be. It was ok, not quite what I look for in a coffee shop myself. The seating would be awkward if there were too many people in there since it is just a long table and couches that face each other in a small space. They have do have some good books on the shelf. I think it is highly inappropriate to have a Playboy magazine on the table so that is not ok. There was a dog tied up next to the couch with food and water. I work with animals so it doesn't bother me that much but it may others since it is in the seating area and not really a place for animals. They do sell quality products and the staff was nice but it's not really for me. I may grab and go if I am in the area.I appreciate Bryan messaging me to very nicely let me know that Bolt has no control over the lobby and seating area. It is just the coffee bar fyi. I hope he finds a great space of his own eventually. On the right track. 5 stars for Bolt then and 3 for the hotels lobby area. Sadly as it is still the only seating area available and still not an ideal setup to hang out, it is what it is for now.
<review# 382,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/9/2014,7/27/2014,89,21,1,9,5>Fabuloso!!!!!  Pretty busy place but we were led to the bank room which was quaint, dim lit. The Sangria was very tasty, however the drink menu looked very interesting and I cannot wait to explore more of it next time---Portuguese rice pudding martini made with Rum Chata, cinnamon. Yummy!!!!!We decided to order 2 tapas each(waiter recommendation)  which was probably 1-2 too many between the 4 of us girls  but we wanted to sample a variety Fresh goat cheese w the pepper jam sauce was spicy but amazing ...so fresh--given with corn bread or pao de trigo. We also had favs, shrimp Mozambique(heads attached), chicken with mushrooms, mixed grille dish, chouricio sliders and empanadas which everything was amazing! The sauces, ingredients were all so fresh. Of course food, drinks quality, taste is very important but the service was great- efficient and answered all out questions. We were excited to try something new out of the hill scene in Providence and sangrias was a great success. Can't wait to go back!!!! .
<review# 383,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/8/2014,7/26/2014,406,196,1,7,4>I've been to Circe for couple times and they are just getting better and better.  Our last visit was Yelp Elite Event hosted there and we had a blast!  The service was top notch!! All the servers there were extremely helpful, friendly and yet sincere!! I like their vibe!! We stayed a little longer after the event was over, we wanna order food at the bar however it was packed and we were debating what to do, the manager was very helpful, he recommended a great dish for us and managed to find us seats when the food arrived! How awesome it is! We ordered the 16oz hereford sirloin with seared bomster scallops on top of the truffle mashed potato.  A good dish to share by 2.  The steak is very lean but the truffle oil gave it a kick, brought the favor to a different level.  Plus they are thoughtful enough to preslice the steak for us, no messy at all! Love the bar service!! We asked them for recommendation for wine, they poured us couple samples to try.  They provided excellent service even thou it was a busy night!
<review# 384,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/6/2014,7/25/2014,60,193,2,5,3>Really nice addition to downtown. Has a great vibe, realy trendy and definitely works for both: cafe and bar-feel. Also, good to have now that Tazza closed.Great, strong coffee but I've mostly stopped in for the old happy hour whiskey and gingerale.Reasonably prcied and offers "flights" so you can try multiple whiskeys, etc.
<review# 385,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/6/2014,7/24/2014,115,164,1,6,5>The crème de la crème of dive bars. $3 drinks in the heart of Atwells. Seriously.  Del's Narragansett. From the can. Outside. Summer has never tasted so good - or affordable. Food menu was basic. Valet parking for $10. Creative enough cocktail menu. Early evening was delightful - I imagine it gets quite a bit sloppier as the night rolls on...It's all in a name. $3 Bar. Seriously.
<review# 386,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/13/2014,7/23/2014,70,106,3,4,3>If you want excellent, fresh wood-fired pizza but in a fun, trendy, sit down environment without the hustle and bustle from a pizza joint, you will like it here at Figidini! It has a gorgeous bar with beautiful lights and if you go at night, it's quite romantic and it's the place to be! :o)I strongly recommend their pizzas as they are indeed their signature dish. I absolutely love the arugula prosciutto where it has the perfect punch from the arugula's spice and is balanced out with the salty prosciutto. The cheese glues everything together. Yum. Their margarita pizza is also out of the world with basic yet the most fresh ingredients and home-made tomato sauce. Make sure you check out the board for specials!It's not a traditional pizza joint in so many ways. Their pizza is not sliced and you have to do the work to cut them up. Their menu has many appetizers options and they are more like bite-size tapas option. They are slightly on the expensive side but I guess the environment makes up for it. They lose one star because their service is slow. I brought my coworker there for lunch and we were the only ones at the restaurant. Our pizzas took almost 45 minutes to make. 45 minutes is no bueno for a lunch break :( The wood-fired grill is boiling hot and I don't know why the pizzas took so long?Anyway, I would surely go back! It's a great place for downtown. Hope the service will get just a tiiiny bit faster.P.S. They must have took some of the reviews here into consideration because they now take AMEX! woohoo.
<review# 387,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/12/2014,7/22/2014,56,81,4,5,4>I hate writing this review. Because as far as I'm concerned the less people know about it the better. I've been going here for years with my family. When I lived out of state, this is the restaurant I requested on my first night home. It's quirky. The food is decent to great. There is a separate waitress for food and drinks. I mean, it is a VFW when it comes down to it. The local color is all over this place. There is very good chance if you're italian ( which I am) you're related to half the people eating that night. And the reaction when you bring out of town guest? Priceless. They love the food. They are shocked at the characters in it. They always want to come back.
<review# 388,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/14/2014,7/21/2014,32,94,5,4,3>This place is an emporium of curiosities and oddities, vintage finds, prov history, and general weirdness!  LPs are a little pricier here than other record stores I find, but it's almost forgivable because everything else about the place is so great! I could probably spend a few hours in this store peering into the different drawers of randomness and rummaging through the clothes racks and book shelves.  The girl behind the counter was laid back and pleasant. Definitely one of my fave stores and really embodies the freaky, funky, gnarly, weirdo mystique that to me is Providence.
<review# 389,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/14/2014,7/19/2014,46,696,1,8,2>This is my favorite Authentic Chinese restaurant in the area.    They offer a great selection of traditional Chinese dishes like Clay pots, Steamed Whole fish, Ginger and Scallions Chicken, Fried Pepper Salt Squid, Peking or Roast Duck, King Tow Spareribs, Fishmaw with sweet corn soup, etc....    For the less adventurous, they have the regular Chicken with Cashews, Broccoli beef, Combination plates, Lo mein, etc...   Their Dim Sum is the best in the area and their Shrimp Dumplings are probably the best I have had (comparing these with meals I have had in San Francisco, Montreal, Vancouver, NYC, LA, Panama City, Hong Kong and Chicago). If you live close by, they offer delivery.    Every year, I take a group out for Chinese New Year and we get symbolic traditional Chinese entrees...   Lots of fun and lots of great food.    Try it out...you will enjoy your experience.
<review# 390,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/16/2014,7/18/2014,62,181,3,8,4>A refreshing new addition to Providence! I came for a private event therefore the fare I sampled was what was offered.  My first impression was that a lot of the options were vegetarian friendly.  Although not logical, this is almost never the case at Italian restaurants.  Vegetarians typically have 3 options: spaghetti with marinara, eggplant parm, cheese ravioli.  I could see just from the limited items presented that this place would be a dream for a vegetarian looking to eat at an Italian style restaurant. Of the 10+ items available for sampling only one or two were meat dishes.  I reviewed the photo another Yelper posted of the regular menu and saw that there is even a vegan "steak" option.  Wow!  I'm so impressed.  I'm not a vegetarian, but know far too many for me not to take note and add this place to my rotation of places to take out of town guests.  I also sampled a few specialty cocktails.  These were great!  The bartenders were able to keep their cool and stay very attentive during the madness of the event.  It was clear that the bartenders were as quality as the ingredients.  I'm excited to head back with friends.
<review# 391,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/25/2012,5/9/2013,25,61,,6,3>I was trying to summarize to my mom how I felt after taking a class here, and I think it was something like post-workout bliss combined with a massage and a warm day at the beach. I felt so limber and relaxed, completely zenned-out. It is challenging and hot, definitely not for those who can't take warm environments. The instructors are completely friendly and make you feel at ease about falling over-- which can happen, but everyone just makes a point to laugh it off. All in all, an ideal place for heat-lovers to re-center.
<review# 392,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/7/2013,5/8/2013,20,65,2,2,2>I've been coming here since I was about 5 years old. Their burgers are fantastic, the beer is home brewed and delicious, and the staff is always nice. I really can't say enough good things about this place. Bottom line: if you're looking for a fantastic burger, pizza, or any other kind of pub food and great microbrewery beer- this is certainly the place to visit! Disclaimer: It can get a little hipster-ish on the weekends, so if you're not into that scene I'd go during the week. But anytime you go, you're going to get consistent service and great food!
<review# 393,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/17/2013,5/7/2013,1202,670,7,6,5>For such a small city, there are quite a few places in and around town to score a very well made cocktail. When I order a sidecar or an Aviator or a gin martini, I fully expect to have the bartender shake the living crap out of that cocktail shaker to create the little shards of ice that ensure proper dilution of my liquor. You know what I mean, if I want to drink something that tastes like rubbing alcohol, I'll pay a buck for it at the pharmacy not $15 at a so-called bar. However, when I factor in reasonable cost, that's harder to find. It's Providence, not NYC, and if I want to pay NYC prices for a very well made cocktail, I'll see you at PDT in Manhattan or at Huckleberry in Brooklyn. Otherwise, I'll see you at the Eddy.
<review# 394,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/11/2013,5/5/2013,65,138,2,3,4>Heaven. Yes, thats right... Heaven.I had never had a crepe or been to Thayer street until a few weeks ago when a girlfriend insisted I needed to go.She dragged me to La Creperie and that is where I discovered my new love. Crepes. As a lover of sweets and dessert I ventured to the sweet side of the menu, plus it was after dinner, so I considered this dessert.I ordered the smores crepe. A crepe loaded with nutella, baby marshmallows and graham crackers.  The nutella was warm and gooey and the marshmallows had melted just the right amount, not runny but not completely solid.  I devoured this baby! Can't wait to go back and try some more! Stop in, you'll be glad you did!
<review# 395,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/15/2013,5/4/2013,56,129,2,8,2>Several months ago, I saw a small chalk sign, eerily similar to the handwritten signs at Flan y Ajo... And made wild predictions of a 2.0 version of perhaps my favorite Downcity locale. Finally, these predictions have been made a reality!To be fair, I am a bit of a wine novice. It is a good thing that the bartenders are both knowledgeable, and willing to share said knowledge in a friendly, non-elitist manner. I shared with them my favorite wine variety, and they were able to give an excellent recommendation.Since beer is usually my go-to beverage of choice, I will have to partake in the somewhat eclectic selection. Also the snacks look delicious.Definitely worth checking out Downcity's latest addition.
<review# 396,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/31/2013,5/3/2013,151,439,4,8,3>Avez-vous une envie de boulangeries françaises?  - Ellie gave me my metro-tiled fix when I popped in for lunch avec une amie this week.A very small shop can make traffic navigation a little bump'n'go - but isn't that just so "Frenchy"!  BAM: first thing you see when you walk in is their tray(s) of macaroons (small bites with a large price: just over a buck for ONE delicate morsel).  While snaking your way to the register you can't help but drool over their petite pastry options, then glorious sandwiches come into view!  Le pain was calling to me from the case and I just couldn't resist; I purchased mozzarella + olive spread on a French baguette ("veggie sandwich").  To wash it down: Earl Grey (LARGE, s'il vous plait!).  And [discretely places hand next to mouth]...for a little sweetness: 2 macaroons a la rue (pistachio + spicy chocolate).  ((total order = $12.54))We pulled up a seat at the bar (wrap-around seating directly opposite the display case) and my friend and I had a good 'ole chat which QUICKLY turned into an "oh my gawd, I'm going to be late getting back to work!" situation - - - cozy warm atmosphere and the smell of freshly baked bread can do that to a gal.  I'd have to say that this is CERTAINLY a great spot to grab a scrumptious lunch and unwind.  Those little cookies will be the death of me, but it's the best macaroons I've had since my last trip to grande Paris and I can't help but love them.[and now, I'd better get back to work!]
<review# 397,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/25/2012,5/2/2013,37,89,4,2,2>During WaterFire, it's a pretty park.A hundred floating braziers hold roaring fires, while Enya/Yanni-esque music plays in the background. Walk all the way on one side, and walk the other bank on your return. Gondolas look fun, but the rides are really expensive. For some reason, I really want to launch a radio controlled shark fin here.
<review# 398,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/15/2012,5/1/2013,44,52,3,3,5>I cannot believe I haven't reviewed this place yet! Los Andes is DEFINITELY one of my favorite restaurants in Providence!  It doesn't look like much on the outside, but inside it is warm and inviting, as are the owners and all of the staff here.  If it doesn't win you over on that alone, the food definitely will.First of all, I have never had ceviche this fresh.They have a Ceviche Martini for an appetizer, and it is chock-full of succulent shrimp, mussels, squid, and tilapia.  Other wonderful appetizers include the Tiradito and the Causa Limena.  The Tiradito is sashimi-grade tilapia on top of sweet potato with roasted red peppers and it is just delicious and so fresh and light!  Cause Limena has whipped sweet potato and avocado with shredded chicken and a lovely cream sauce on top.  It just MELTS in your mouth.  Now onto entrees.... what can I say?  Everything I have had is fabulous!  My favorites are the El Gaucho, which is a rib-eye served with a chimichurri, fried yucca and rice. My other favorite that I dream about the Chimpum Callao, which is half ceviche and half Jalea, which is basically a Peruvian fried fisherman's platter.  But I have to say the pièce de résistance to any meal is the Pisco Sour.  If I could marry it, I would.  This drink is THAT good.  Pisco is a white grape brandy, and it is expertly mixed at Los Andes with bitters, a bit of sugar, lime juice and topped with egg white.  Trust me on this one.  Do it.For me, Los Andes is as good as it gets!
<review# 399,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/2/2013,4/30/2013,34,295,2,3,2>I came in this past Friday and had a great time.  We first sat at the bar for a cocktail which turned out to be longer than expected.  Long story short we withdrew our name for a table and just ate at the bar.I drank Stoli Dolis which are awesome.  We started with 2 different types of oysters which were both delicious.  For my meal I ordered the paella.  The bomb.  There was a ton of seafood packed in this dish.  I ate the whole thing.  My dining companion had some scallop dish with shitake mushrooms.  I had a bite and it rocked.  Service was great at the bar.  Never had to wait for anything and always had a full glass.  The way it should be!
<review# 400,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/22/2012,4/29/2013,37,109,,3,2>What a great wine shop.   The owners are very knowledgeable and take the time to talk about the characteristics of each wine as well as where they come from.    Every Thursday evening they open up 4 bottles of wine for tasting and each is very distinct in its own right.   The best part about Bin 312 is their prices.  I was happily proved wrong when I saw that a recent bottle purchase from a bigger retailer was $2 cheaper at Bin 312.   This is a great addition to Providence.  Sadly I don't live in Providence but I will make a point to stop in on Thursdays for some tasting (and purchasing of course).
<review# 401,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/20/2014,2/25/2014,30,246,,4,4>Beautifully restored historic station that still functions -in fact serves as the base for a pretty busy transportation hub. Trains, of course, but also buses, taxis and commuters use the parking lots (always seem nearly full when I've been there). Also the beautiful bike and walking path is heavily used.The station itself is in great condition and has that vintage feel that I adore. Large windows let in a good amount of light when the sun's out - on a dreary January day, it was quiet and peaceful.We visited on a brisk Sunday to check out the Railroad Museum, housed in a section of the station. Currently it's open only 1-4 pm on Sundays. A very nice docent, Ann, showed us around and explained the history of how the community saved the building. There are a lot of great photos, artifacts and even a model railroad showing the area circa 1948. Why 1948? No idea, but they were careful to get the period detail as accurate as possible.It's a one-room museum, so total time spent really depends on how much reading of old documents and placards you want to indulge in. We were there about an hour and enjoyed it thoroughly.No admission fee - but there is a donation box (don't be cheap - throw in a couple bucks!)  as well as a few items to purchase.
<review# 402,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/20/2014,2/24/2014,102,177,4,6,7>I was introduced to this place by a colleague. What a find! It's now my go-to place when someone wants to meet up. Before I would head to one of the more populated coffee shops, but this is way more relaxing. It just feels like a special treat from the moment I walk in the door.I've only had the jasmine tea, twice now. The first time it was unsweetened and the second time it tasted sweetened, but neither time they asked what I preferred. That would have been nice. I haven't tried any of the food items yet.They also have free wireless, which is nice, especially since I'm usually there for a meeting or for work.Overall, I'll definitely keep returning.
<review# 403,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/21/2014,2/23/2014,28,340,5,9,5>Pros:1. Great service with a special visit from the handlebar-mustache guy (I need a stache like that)2. The classic salad is made even better with fresh goat cheese3. Much of the ingredients are locally sourced from New England4. Beers are reasonably priced, with Foolproof on tap (local!)5. We were having a hard time deciding between the gingerbread and brownie desserts, and that's when our server told us we could order 1/2 sizes, score!Cons1. The greeter asked if we wanted to sit at a table that was a little too "front and center" so I asked if we could sit just one table over and he seriously looked miffed...which was odd as he must have known it wasn't a great table2. The gingerbread dessert was a little too dry for my taste (the brownie was much better)It's worth your time to make the drive here, and listen intently to their specials as the night we were there they had an eggplant pizza (that we added pepperoni to) that was incredible. We brought home some leftovers which I shall be dining on today for lunch.Note - They have a parking lot which is awesome given that Thayer is terrible for parking, but the spots are razor-thin. Not everyone has hipster Smart cars!
<review# 404,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/21/2013,2/22/2014,28,32,9,10,5>I'm gonna lay it out for you, Yelp.Several months ago I went to my beloved Julian's and something was Terribly Wrong. It took me the entire breakfast to realize what it was: the ketchup was different. When I picked up my head, I realized a lot of other things were different too: the wait staff had shifted again, so had the chefs, and Mike wasn't behind the bar, deep in the line, expediting orders or preparing for dinner service."Shit," I said. Also "fuck" and "god damnit" and other similar curse words.I used to go to Julian's every week and sit at the bar, watching him and his crew cook. I learned a lot, I ate a lot, drank waaaay too much, and it was something I was looking forward to when I moved back to the Broadway area. But that didn't look like it was going to happen any more. It's not that the food at Julian's was bad -- but it was different, and it was missing the je ne sais quoi that, apparently, was Mike. Flash forward to this week when one of my coworkers casually dropped the bomb that Mike was behind Barstow, which opened Halloween weekend to what was certainly not enough fanfare. I have included an appropriate gif of my reaction: i.imgur.com/gVky2pL.gifI stopped in this morning for brunch. Apparently they had a great night last evening, but I don't think brunch has caught on yet in this weird, Industrial neighborhood -- there was about ten people rotating in and out in the time I was there. But the decor was modern and simple, the bar was well-stocked, and the servers were friendly. Keep in mind, however: Barstow is not Julian's. The style, venue, and even flavor is different. There's a TV at the bar. They are exploring a different crowd and different locals. It's hard, if not impossible, to compare it to Providence's beloved breakfast mecca. However, Barstow does come with an exquisite attention to detail and years of food experience behind the line, which is more than enough for me to visit. It looks like Barstow is going for a Mediterranean-American style; there's lots of spice, like harissa and chili, on top of what I would classify as American breakfast food that Providence knows and loves. The brunch prices are cheaper than Nick's and Julian's, and the food (no surprise) is just as good -- it's definitely worth the drive to Allens Ave.Like all brunch places, I judge heavily on their eggs benedict. One of today's specials was two poached eggs over stewed lentils, eggplant, and smoked brussel sprouts with a chili hollandaise sauce. Uh, yes? I regret only getting a half-order. Before I left, Mike noticed me as That Girl Who Showed Up A Lot And Sat At The Bar And Stared; he popped out of the kitchen and we formally introduced, having Providence-Known each other for awhile, and we got to chat a little bit about the new place. He's excited and so is his staff. I'm excited now too. Can't wait to check out dinner.TL;DR: Go to Barstow's for brunch, ya jerkfaces.
<review# 405,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/20/2014,2/21/2014,39,141,6,8,7>I first came here in search of over the counter and prescription remedies to a baby ear infection. I walk in the door and what do I discover... MALBEC. Reasonably priced, lovely, Malbec. Needless to say, it was love at first sight. Baby had an ear infection? We have wine for that! They carry all the basic adult and kid OTCs, and have a good stock of various prescriptions as well. And when they didn't have a certain kind of drug we needed one time, the pharmacist (the owner) kindly recommended two different other pharmacies in the area to call to check if they had it. They are fast, consistent, and carry my favorite wines. Done and done.
<review# 406,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/12/2013,2/20/2014,1202,670,5,7,4>Tacos Jalisco (RIP) switched ownership to Tacos Don Nacho a while back. At the time of the change, I made the old owner tell me where he was going b/c I was honestly starting to panic about my tasty taco pipeline. I live in Providence and no place was as consistently good, fast, and inexpensive while maintaining quality as Tacos Jalisco (they paid attention to the little drool worthy things like appropriate spicing on the meats, fresh radishes and onion, 2 different salsas, toasted corn tortillas, etc.) All in all, I'm relieved that I can still get good tacos at Tacos Don Nacho and would revisit when the taco cravings hit. One note: there is a new guy at the window that does not speak a lick of English and had to keep calling out to the owner for help translating (I had to ask for "agua" b/c he didn't understand "water") so break out your rusty high school Spanish if you can.
<review# 407,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/4/2014,2/19/2014,120,208,7,6,3>Really if I could give them 20 stars I would. After trying different Chinese restaurants based on yelp reviews I now know that  no where in RI can even compete with Fu Ming. I have no reason to go anywhere else for Chinese but here..it can't get any better. The portions are unbelievably big, the food is the most delicious I have ever had and the prices are extremely low. Also the service is always fast, VERY friendly and they are always consistent. If you live in RI honestly take the drive and try fu ming you will not be disappointed. I know for myself I will no longer go waste money on food that's no good..this is the spot if your looking for the best in RI!
<review# 408,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/13/2013,2/18/2014,63,77,,7,4>I'm not a snob, and I appreciate quality. I split my grocery shopping between Whole Foods, East Side Marketplace, Trader Joe's, and Aldi -- consistently, Aldi is the cheapest for anything I'm buying (unless WF/East Side are having a crazy sale on something). I've been shopping at Aldi in Germany since I was a kid, and they are under the same ownership as Trader Joe's. There are lots of basics I get at Aldi that are comparable to house-brand items from other supermarkets. No, I don't usually buy fresh meat here, and I'm not someone who tends to buy prepared foods, but for things like cooking spray, sugar, salt, and lettuce, Aldi brand products are nearly indistinguishable from stuff you'd find in more conventional supermarkets, for most conceivable applications. And, you seriously can't beat these prices. A few of my regular purchases include Moser Roth chocolates (German quality, American prices), nuts, the fancy lettuces, frozen berries, and the occasional bag of snack chips. The produce has good days and bad days -- come when they have a fresh shipment, and everything is awesome, but sometimes they've been sitting for a few days and they start showing signs of decay. Their cheeses, as one might expect, can be hit or miss; most tend to miss the delicate or subtle flavors of a more expensive cheese. But for basic things, Aldi is awesome. I've even gotten a Le Creuset-esque enameled cast iron Dutch oven that is holding up wonderfully for about $30.Note that the people at the registers are expected to move customers through at a superhuman rate (they will get pay docked if they scan too slowly), so don't try and make small talk. Bring your debit card or cash, and your own bags (no credit cards accepted).
<review# 409,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/27/2013,2/17/2014,51,175,3,8,3>Alex gets five stars from her clients for a reason. She is no joke. She is professional, courteous, and knows exactly what she is doing. She is sanitary since she'll never double dip one of her waxing sticks. Alex always has a good story to tell, and you'll be done before you know it. Of course getting a Brazilian can be awkward, but this lady makes the process as professional as possible. She has been in business for a while, and this is what she specializes in. I'd be weary of having this process done at salons where your esthetician may not have as much experience in doing a full Brazilian. If you're going to schedule with someone who specializes in waxing that area, this is where you go.
<review# 410,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/2/2013,2/16/2014,341,508,3,6,3>I was seriously impressed by Town Hall Bowling Lane after recently visiting it's ghetto cousin Legion Bowl. The differences between the two are night and day. For one, Town Hall Bowling is in a much better area, the building itself appears newer and cleaner, the bumper guards used for kids are metal rudders rather than foam logs that need to be manually put in place, and the scoring is totally computerized and foolproof (you pretty much don't have to do anything!). It's really so straight-forward and easy. The staff is also really friendly. We had several occasions where balls got stuck and even once when the bumper fell down, and the staff was pretty quick to help us out and even added a few minutes to our clock (the computerized scoreboard lets you know when your time is running out so you can add more time if you need to) to make up for the time we had to wait.Overall, I really enjoyed visiting Town Hall Bowling Lane. The adults didn't actually bowl during our recent visit (just the kids), but from my experience there I'd happily go back even for myself if I was in the mood for bowling! It would easily beat out Legion bowl as the other local alternative.
<review# 411,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/16/2014,11/15/2014,151,439,5,3,3>*glimmer glam glam* that's the sound my hair makes now.  The hunt for coiff-excellence is one fraught with terrors and poor trim jobs (....ugh).  But my trusty Yelp compass has steered me to gold yet again.Let's start with their hostess - most cheerful person on the phone ever (....thank you for being patient as I clumsily scroll through my calendar and bite my nails over timing).  Parking: a breeze on Hope St (...just kidding, it can be tough finding a spot, but who doesn't love a Hope St stroll??!).  The salon: clean, glamorous, and full of light.  Sit in their comfy chairs or peruse their products while you wait for your appointment (B&B, Pureology, OPI polishes - I love it all)Now my most favorite part: Jessica - I love you and your spunkiness!  She's done what no other stylist has ever done: captured my attention AND my style.  She convinced this previous twice-a-year-trim/"I'll use any ole shampoo" gal into a regular customer and firm believer in Pureology Essential Oils conditioner - - - Rumpelstiltskin would be jealous of these locks).  My lady's wash-trim-blowout = $37 (...what?!).I look great.  I feel great.  And now, if you'll excuse me, I'm about to pop over to Rhody Craft, Frog & Toad, and 7Stars to boot.  This Hope St hot spot is a hair "DO".  FIVE STARS!!!!
<review# 412,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/28/2014,11/14/2014,32,121,4,3,3>This is a RI favorite, and it's no surprise. Inside, the decor is so perfectly old school, but not neglected or dirty in the least. We had amazing service from our server, but also every other server that walked by! The girl even called her manager on the phone to find out if she could take my coupon. She didn't want to just assume she couldn't and turn me away. You can tell these folks care about their jobs and about each other. It was great to see. Now for the food -- we ordered BBQ chicken, Buffalo chicken, and meatball/ricotta pizzas. The thin and crispy crust is where it's at. Everything tasted super fresh. I wish I had realized that the "chopped spinach" was frozen, not fresh. That's my mistake. It took away from the glory that is the meatball/ricotta pie. It would be great if the chopped spinach were seasoned with garlic or even just a little salt and pepper. The chicken on the other two pizzas are not breaded, which was exactly what I like. It tasted like it had been marinated and very well cooked -- tender and so flavorful. It had been a long while since I had visited this place, and I'm glad I came back. Of course, I took home a container of their famous house made dressing. So worth a try!
<review# 413,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/16/2014,11/13/2014,25,68,2,4,4>After reading a little while back that Dave's was opening a new place in Providence I was excited to stop in here last weekend and finally check the place out. Dave's obviously makes some great coffee syrup and I really love the fact they now have a local spot like this on South Main.When I first walked in I was really impressed with the setup. Very simple but sharp looking interior (a modern wood and metal decor). One wall was decorated with the Dave's logo and had different products (syrups and coffee accessories) for sale and towards the back of the shop they had a really unique seating area which looked like it would be nice to sit in and enjoy your cup of coffee....and speaking of coffee, the cup I ended up ordering was soooo good! I went with the iced honey latte and it was unlike anything I had before. The sweetness of the honey blended perfectly with the coffee and every sip was even better than the one before it! I also really appreciate the fact that they use locally sourced honey (which the girl behind the counter informed me of as she was making my drink).I really like the simplicity of this place. A straightforward drink menu, accompanied by a small but tasty looking assortment of breakfast pastries and treats (I'll definitely be back for the cheddar jalapeno scones). The servers working were friendly and made you feel welcome the moment you walked in. This place has great potential and I hope they thrive in this location...I know I will definitely be back again soon.
<review# 414,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/29/2014,11/12/2014,49,33,2,3,4>One of the most wonderful, beautiful, and historic libraries in our country. The Athenaeum is the 4th oldest library in the country. Edgar Allan Poe was a regular. They have books that were printed a few decades after the invention of the (western) printing press. That's 1450, people! Before Columbus sailed the ocean blue! There are countless stories of rich history at this place. And, there are countless stories of rich history in this place. (See what I did there?)The nooks and crannies in this place are adventurous. The silence is often deafening. The history is refreshing. The structure is beautiful. Great spot to sit and read, study, or just walk the floors where a history of others have walked. I really want to check out the rare book room. I feel like it might be my heaven. Visit it. If you can, donate a buck or two. If you're daring, become a member.
<review# 415,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/23/2014,11/11/2014,30,75,2,7,5>I just have to say that I may have had the best pizza of my life the other night. Confession: We've been back to Fellini's about 6 or seven times since they opened this location. The food is just that good. Last time we got the "SWEET HEAVEN" pizza. Yikes, that's a good pizza. Also, the wings seem to be getting better every time- maybe the oven is getting "smokier"? All i know is, if you think that you know Fellini's from experiences on Wickenden St  - -you gotta give this location a try!
<review# 416,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/13/2014,11/10/2014,91,416,1,4,4>I hadn't heard of this place till I started searching for a place to do a little strawberry picking.  I was on the later side of the season, so I wasn't expecting much. When I called other farms, they said that the pickings were slight, but that was not the case here. The strawberries were plentiful, sweet, and oh so yummy.   When you get there, you park in the main parking lot and get to take a tracker to the picking fields. There was a woman who greeted us there and led each party to their own row and let us know where to start in the row. Now I know some people might not like to be told what to do and where to go, but having worked at a strawberry field myself, I know that if you leave people to their own devices, they will all go to the same place and thus the picking would not be as good.  It was too easy for me to fill the quarts I set out to pick - what a hard problem that is to have.  After I got back to the main lot, I wanted to venture out and do some fava bean picking - a first for me. The women who worked there happily took my strawberries to put aside for safe keeping and directed me to the adjacent bean fields. When I decided that I should probably get some guidance on what makes a good fava bean pod, one of the woman graciously came with me to the fields to show me what to look for.  Four Town Farms also has a small market with their own and other local produce.  While I found the people at the market not as friendly as the ones in the field, I also noticed a care for their products there as one of the women was going through the basket of cookies to make sure that there were no broken ones.  I will definitely be back for other pick your own seasons and to pick up some great local produce.
<review# 417,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/24/2014,11/9/2014,39,110,2,5,3>What an amazing air museum! We took our child here (who is obsessed with planes), and we all equally and thoroughly enjoyed this fun place to visit. They had some of the air show planes, helicopters, war planes, etc. outside on display to look at and get as close as touch the wings, propellers, etc. There were even two aircrafts open to be able to go inside and sit in the seats, press all the buttons, and imagine you are a pilot (way back when). The history and stories in the museum really shift the feel from ordinary, to a profound and honored peek into the world these pilots live(d). Make sure to check out the story on Thomas J. Hudner's attempt to save Jesse L. Brown, the first African-American aviator in the U.S. Navy who was killed in the Korean War. The man working at the air museum was friendly, informative, and intriguing as he recounted stories of his own during the Korean War, and gave more information about the history of the place and in general. He really helped make this visit special and memorable, while also giving a lot of space to just enjoy and explore this cool museum.We cannot wait for the air show next year, as that is just a spectacular show to see. However, if you want a little taste of what this is like, just stroll over to their runway area and watch as planes continually land and take-off (albeit some seem like students learning how to fly the smaller single engine planes, but that can be fun to watch, too!).Overall, this was quite a fun day filled with our child pointing this way and that way and even up in the sky time after time as planes and helicopters filled our surroundings with excitement and entertainment for the whole family. Our imaginations soared with the history and excitement of both old and new aircrafts, and all that the Quonset Air Museum has to offer.
<review# 418,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/13/2014,11/8/2014,466,705,6,2,2>As you may have gathered from my previous posts, I have two golden retrievers and they are my babies. If you are a pet owner like me who treats their pets like children, then you will understand my post here! I was looking for a place that would allow my dogs to run around freely while they are boarding. After looking around for a bit this place was one of the few (maybe one of 2?) here in the Providence area that offered this service and was by far the most convenient of the places I looked at. A reputable boarding place should be asking you to provide updated information about your pets vaccination status. While it is annoying to constantly update them with that information, they clearly make sure that all dogs are healthy before they are brought for boarding. Of the 4 times that I have brought them here so far, they have not been sick. I choose to board both of them in the same kennel overnight but during the day the play with all the other dogs. At first before you are allowed to board you have to bring your dog in for a "personality assessment" to ensure that they will play nice with the other dogs. After that you are good to go! Book ahead for holidays because they book up very quickly here!
<review# 419,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/25/2014,11/7/2014,81,227,8,6,3>Boneheads is notable for three things: 1. Having approximately 8 million different sauces for their wings.2. Having a name so dumb you're embarrassed to tell your friends that's where you're going.3, Being a place in West Warwick you actually want to go.Overall it has the feel of a standard suburban sports bar, but the different styles of wings are what sets it apart. Obviously there are your standards like Buffalo and Barbecue, but have you had Peanut Butter and Jelly wings? I have. They're delicious. Definitely worth going at least once, just to check it out.
<review# 420,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/6/2014,11/6/2014,65,137,3,5,4>I happened upon a sign outside of Ch'i Spa on Saturday advertising a massage or facial and blowout for $69. Listen up. This gal likes massages and likes good-lookin' tresses. I jumped on that deal like WHOA. I figured if I walked in and they could take me right away, it was meant to be. Indeed they could, and meant to be it was!Ana was at the front desk and introduced herself as my masseuse. She asked me a few questions, had me fill out a form and I was offered coffee, tea, or water while I waited just a few moments in their pretty lobby. I was shortly escorted into a serene, quiet room in the back of the spa, where a cushy massage bed awaited my tired muscles. For an hour, Ana worked out the kinks, soothed, and invigorated my weary bones. When she was done, I was met by Alexia, who gave me a serious va-va-va-voom blowout. My hair looked GOOD, you guys.I absolutely give Ch'i Spa my seal of approval. The $69 deal is good through October, so get on it.
<review# 421,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/4/2012,10/11/2012,341,508,2,5,3>As far as bars in Rhode Island go, you could say that PJ's Pub is my watering hole. If I have a beer in my hand, that's probably where I'm drinking it. Not only is it a very convenient locations for Cranston area residents who don't want to trek too far for a cold one, the atmosphere is good, the food is great, and the drinks are cheap. The first time I ordered a draft beer there and was told it was under $4 I had to double check. I haven't had a beer that cheap in ages!As far as the food goes, it seriously puts other bar food to shame. They have a pretty extensive menu, from salads and sandwiches to many many varieties of chicken wings, there's something for everyone at PJ's. 25 cent wing night on Mondays is a good time to visit if you're a wing fanatic. The list of flavors is impressive. The Spicy Thai Peanut is a solid choice, and the Buffalo is classic, definitely doesn't disappoint.Service is also great. The servers will regularly take notice and ask if you want another drink. No waiting around for decades to keep the drinks coming. They are super friendly and efficient. I'll keep returning to PJ's again and again for this and many other reasons. If you haven't check it out yet, I hope you will stop in for a beer and wings next time you're in the 'hood.
<review# 422,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/16/2012,10/10/2012,28,340,,3,3>What a nice surprise. Went here for a birthday dinner and the six of us all enjoyed our experience. From the reasonably-priced (and delicious) mixed drinks to the reuben sliders to the lobster dumplings to the scallops and risotto to the grand finale of cheesecake, it was a great meal all around. It's not a big restaurant so make sure you make reservations on the weekend, and they also have some outdoor seating which I'm sure is nice in warmer weather.What's keeping this from five stars is that (1) I was a little surprised they didn't serve any bread, esp. seeing as Seven Stars Bakery is right next door, (2) my scallops were nicely seared on the top but the bottom of them weren't seared at all (Gordon Ramsay is a stickler for searing scallops on both sides), and (3) the ricotta donuts dessert had a tasty exterior but a very blah interior. While I would more than likely have the cheesecake again, those that had the donuts weren't very enthused by them and I have to agree. I'm just a little perturbed I didn't try the short ribs; I ordered the scallops as I thought I would be able to grab some steak from my family members, but everyone devoured their meals which shows how delicious the food was. Oh well, I'll be back and next time I'm going for the short ribs!
<review# 423,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/26/2012,10/8/2012,239,181,4,8,5>As a connoisseur of clams (a clamoisseur?) I must say Blount's is a nice touch of Legal Sea Food but with excellent service and better prices/specials. I saw it pop up on Yelp as a hot new restaurant and I was like "wait...a clam shack in Providence?! I must investigate...(Batman voice)"Blount's is pretty darn good, guys. The soup bar alone has daily rotating 5 soups and I had one of their best (Southwestern Corn Chowder). It wasn't too heavy that you couldn't go for a 2nd..or 3rd cup but it was full of hearty flavor. Their clam cakes w/chourico are one of the best clams cakes I have ever had and trust me I have eaten my fair share of them.Word to the wise, when you walk in it might look confusing but you order first and then they give you a number. The waitstaff will bring the food right to your table, pretty easy huh?I am itching to come back to Blount's for one of their fried clam meal options (like I said...clamoisseur).The Jewelry District (Knowledge District) needs more great restaurants like Rick's Roadhouse and I can say Blount's Clam Shack is one hell of a great addition.
<review# 424,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/6/2012,10/7/2012,53,70,,4,3>They do some terrific work here and are always friendly and helpful.  It's called Swedish Motors which is why i first went with my Volvo but they work on all makes/models.I've never felt pressured into any work and they're always giving sound advice.  Years ago they told me the brakes will need to be replaced soon and we've been keeping an eye out on them with every checkup/oil change.  They still haven't been changed as they're still fine.  That gives me comfort that they're not going to recommend doing work simply to make a few bucks.I couldn't recommend them more!
<review# 425,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/24/2012,10/6/2012,231,95,3,6,3>Doherty's gives you two types of experiences: typical dive-y bar with tons of tv's and beer selection with better than average food. Then there's the Irish brunch with giant bloody mary's and mimosas. I've only been here for wing night a handful of times and I remember them being decent. The beers were more memorable at that point. This review is mostly about the breakfast/brunch. Like many other reviewers have mentioned, the service here isn't anything incredible. The food on the other hand, will surprise you.First time around, I tried the "Erin Gobraless." Yup, read that name again, slowly. It's pretty hilarious. The dish came with 2 eggs any style, 2 bangers, 2 rashers, black & white pudding, grilled tomato and toast...all for about $10. Perfect for a hangover breakfast. I honestly don't remember specifics about this dish except that it was huge and I was stuffed at the end of it. If you're absolutely starving, get this dish. The second time was a much tastier experience. The Mamacita is probably one of my favorite breakfast dishes..EVER. Here's what is in it: grilled jalapeno cornbread, chili, cheddar and two eggs sunny side up with a sprinkling on fresh cilantro.Mamacita comes in a small cast iron skillet sitting on a bigger plate with a side of homefries. It's like a tasty Mexican eggs Benedict. The chili is what makes this dish really shine. It's meaty, hearty and fresh. This glorious dish is about $9. Whatever you decide to get, I promise you it'll keep you full for hours. Try Doherty's if you're looking for a different type of brunch joint.
<review# 426,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/19/2012,10/5/2012,136,330,,5,2>An unexpected night out at the lovely Cafe Nuovo hit high on my list!  We sat outside and enjoyed the wonderful ambiance over the river. It wasn't a waterfire night so there was not a ton of commotion.  The service was wonderful too!  To start the night off the waitress suggested a strawberry basil cosmo which I slightly altered (yup, that's my MO) and it was fantastic! In fact, I enjoyed a couple of them...Everyone enjoyed salads and we split the escargot to start.  OMG it was delicious, not too garlicky or creamy and the little snailsies were already out of their shells - I love when I don't have to work for my food.  Next, I got the seafood bouillabaisse which was enormous and seafood perfection.  It was a wonderful shellfish  mix with bites of a steaky fish in a light but flavorful red, slightly spicy sauce.  I had enough for a whole 2nd meal to bring home and my next task was what to create with the tons of leftover sauce that was too wonderful to toss.We split pot de creme for desert and a perfect finish to a nice evening on the town.
<review# 427,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/26/2012,10/4/2012,55,257,,5,1>After reading a Yelp review, I headed to Estate Services to check this place out first hand.  I am a lover of shopping; all sorts of shopping and mostly antique/thrift shopping.  Estate Services is nestled on Factory St., in West Warwick in a huge building.  They have all sorts of fun stuff in there; clothing, furniture, jewelry, house wares, electronics, etc.  There are rows and rows and rows chock full of items; just about everyone is guaranteed to find something that they would like to take home with them. I purchased a dark grey 100% leather mid-century arm chair in PRISTINE condition.  This thing is sleek and comfortable and exactly what I was looking for.  Guess how much?  Just guess?  $45!  Yup.  You got that right.  Talk about a deal!So next time you're in the mood to do a little thrift shopping on a lazy Sunday afternoon, make it a point to stop by Estate Services to check out the great selection of goodies they have to offer
<review# 428,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/11/2012,10/3/2012,40,40,,4,1>The mister & I decided on The Dorrance for dinner after a dear friend's opening, and we are both so glad we did. Drinks: He had the Six $acerac, which combines bourbon, absinthe, sugar and creole bitters. Just the right sized drink with perfectly matched proportions of each ingredient. He much appreciated that it wasn't watered down with ice - it kept its flavor throughout the meal. I had the Harvest Moonshine, Laird's Applejack and Death's Door White Whiskey with muddled apple, lemon and baked apple bitters. It was stunning: cold and sharp and smooth. Exactly what I'd hoped. Bread: Our server brought us a small loaf of fresh-baked pretzel bread with homemade butter; it was indescribably good. Super hot from the oven, crusty outside and soft inside. The butter was salty and creamy and delicious. We had a second loaf, which filled us up just enough for our dinner.Small Plates: Rather than an entree, I combined two small plates - the best idea I've had in a long time. Green asparagus with rhubarb, jasmine rice, escargot and mushrooms; the asparagus was incredibly crunchy and crisp, the rhubarb was an unexpectedly excellent accent, and the escargot was savory and soft. I especially liked the rice, which was slightly sweet and buttery and perfectly cooked. My second choice was the fresh pasta with duck ragout and ricotta. The pasta-of-the-day was gnocchi - our server promised it melted in the mouth, and oh my god, did it ever. The ragout was so fresh - it tasted of tomatoes just picked from the vine - and the duck was a crispy, salty, exciting addition. The smooth ricotta combined with the sauce and the incredible pasta made the whole thing just right.Entree: The mister ordered the suckling pig. I don't know how to describe it, honestly, without writing "perfect" and "incredible" over and over. I can't recall what came with it - potatoes, I think, and probably some vegetable that surely made an excellent addition - because I was so obsessed with the meat. The crispy skin, the melty fat, the just-moist-enough pork: I'm breaking my own heart just thinking about it 'cause I can't have it again and again. We decided against dessert, although everything sounded incredible, because we were the best kind of full and we didn't want to overdo it. We plan to come back for cocktails & dessert someday soon - especially now that we've had the fresh vanilla bean macaroons, which our server brought over with our check. The tiny orange-pink treats with vanilla cream left us swooning!The service was wonderful. David was friendly and engaging without being overpresent; he clearly knows and loves the menu and gave us great suggestions. I can't count how many times we each said "This is perfect" and "I'm so happy" to each other, but it was a lot. I'm so, so glad we finally made it to the Dorrance, and we will definitely be back.
<review# 429,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/31/2012,10/2/2012,42,127,6,6,2>Of course the store is dirty and kind of looks like crap but It's the thrill of getting a really good deal on something. You never know what they're going to have and that's half the fun of it. SO and I frequent places like this just for fun to see what we can find. It is one of those places that are pretty guilt free when you spend money on something completely stupid. For example, they have some pretty ridiculous sunglasses and they're only $2.00 a pair.This place is good for random toys. I've gotten some kids beach toys that I only used once to attempt to make a sandcastle. Even though I only used them once and have no idea where they are now it doesn't matter because they were so cheap.Most importantly ONE DOLLAR SPICES.For people who garden they seem to have a lot of that stuff although I live in an apartment with no yard so I don't spend too much time in that department.
<review# 430,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/24/2012,10/1/2012,30,75,,4,2>I love this place. So many restaurants could take a few cues from this place, and learn how NOT to suck. I think I'll just list all the things that are great about it, and then, to be fair, I'll list off the few draw-backs. Okay, here we go:It's clean and comfortable and you don't have to deal with "Down City" crowds or traffic.The staff are all genuinely nice people.The owner is on hand -as far as I can tell, ALL the time, and she goes out of her way to make sure your experience is all it should be.The food is very decent, and consistent. No unpleasant surprises. Nothing on the menu is over $30. (in this economy, I really like that)The Italian cuisine is neither the current wave of "authentic regional Italia" that can isolate some diners, nor is it that watered down "Americana" sort of crap you get at Uncle Tony's or Olive Garden -no, its REAL old school "traditional" Rhode Island type Italian, the likes of which remind you of your grandmother's house or the family dinner table growing up [ only probably better]. You know, the kind of food you just can't find anywhere else from NYC to California. Look, I look forward to traveling to Italy some day and eating every delicious thing they throw at me - but its certainly not going to be like "going home"....Elizabeth's kinda is.They have great (although non Italian) deserts. Did I mention they're great?Every meals ends with complementary glasses of house-made Lemoncello and Pizzelles!You can choose to sit either in the dining room, at the bar, or even out back on a tiny deck that {sort of} overlooks a nice pond.Now here's why I couldn't give this place 5 stars:It is located in a strip plaza on Post Road in Warwick across the street from a walmart, so it's never going to be a "destination" type place, or overly romantic. It's more of a neighborhood hidden jewel.The food is great, like I said. But its not super-perfect, innovative, or mind blowingly fantastic. (Honestly, when was the last time you eat something that was?) - -That's it, that's all the negative things I can think of.Do yourself a favor and just try it. And when you do, order the Eggplant Rollatini and get their Molten Chocolate Cake for desert. You will not be disappointed.
<review# 431,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/18/2009,12/2/2010,26,185,1,12,3>We had seen this place being renovated and were curious about it since it opened about a month ago.  Went here tonight and had an exceptional experience.  We had early reservations (5:30 pm) and were seated promptly on our arrival.  The menu seems pretty good, as does the wine list (I wish they had an online presence - they have a sister restaurant in NYC, and the menu seems similar).  My wife was disappointed they didn't have a martini menu, but our server said they could pretty much make anything, so she had a basic apple martini and I had my stand-by Tanqueray 10, up with olives.We started with the fried squid, scallops, and shrimp appetizer.  It was very tasty, not greasy at all.  Oh, before I forget, they serve their bread with a whole lentils thing on the side, which remarkably was quite tasty and a nice change of pace from the ubiquitous olive oil.My wife had the risotto, which came with shrimp and peas, and was delicious, and I, on the basis of the first review of this place, had the gnocchi, which was quite scrumptious.  We were pleased with the serving size of the entrees, which at first looked a bit skimpy, but in the end were perfect - not too small, and not so big that we were bloated afterwards.We had the apple tart for dessert, which was also fabulous.A couple of notes about our visit:1) when I called to make reservations on Monday, at first the woman who answered said there were no openings on Friday, but when I asked for something early, like around 5:30, she said that would work, but we would have to be done by 7 pm.  Not a problem for us as we don't lolly-gag over our meals (we savor, but don't linger), but it was a little odd, but not totally crazy I guess since they still have the new restaurant in the area smell about them.2) there was a group of gentlemen at a table nearby and they were quite boisterous.  Not a big deal for us given the time of year, and we're not so fastidious or tight-assed that a little noise bothers us.  Throughout the early parts of our meal, many people were visiting the table and my wife made the connection that at least one of the men at the table had some kind of ownership interest in the restaurant.  Anyway, at some point during the evening, one of the gentlemen (assume ownership guy) tells our server, who was excellent throughout the evening, to comp us our next round of drinks to make up for all the hubbub going on.  Totally unnecessary, but a nice touch.After our meal, this gentleman asks about us a little, introduces us to his partner, and inquires about our meal.  It's all good we say, and since we live right around the corner, we're definitely coming back to try some other items on the menu.Overall, a great experience.  My advice is to make reservations way in advance if you want to go there on the weekend, though, at least until the newness of the place wears off.  Of course, given how good our experience was here, and assuming this is the norm for all diners, their reservation book may be full for quite some time to come.
<review# 432,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/29/2010,12/1/2010,23,116,2,4,5>I have yet to order food to eat in here, so I can't comment on that service. However, I have done a lot of shopping for my pantry and have tried a lot of their cold cuts and cheeses. They have all been amazing. Mortadella, sopressata, prosciutto... oh my goodness.  Domestic or imported, hot or mild - their deli selection is outstanding, and the service has been pretty friendly. There can be very long lines - the place is always packed -  but, while you wait, you can ponder whether to buy the frozen pasta, fresh sauce, gelato, gnocchi, or get another pound of that mozzarella...For me, this is a once-in-a-while treat for when I'm really looking to make something special (even if it's just a sandwich).
<review# 433,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,9/5/2010,11/30/2010,39,20,9,6,4>Step back in time to an era where a greasy weiner joint could be found on every corner of RI.  Have a wein-o-riffic experience may require patience, though.  It has very limited hours.If you've had a hot weiner (pronounced, WEEN-ah) before, then you know what to expect.  For the underprivelidged, here is a breakdown:Greasy weiner meat - you must have it, a blend of god knows what kind of herbs and spices, meat and its natural greasy jous.  Truly, the nectar of the GodsWeiner - No, it's not a saugy. Similar to a hotdog, but smaller.Bun - I'm not going to explain itOnions - What? Are you worried about your breath?  You call yourself a man?Celery Salt - Don't think about skipping the salt.  If you're gonna do it. Do it right.Just ask for it "ALL THE WAY" (preferably several) and watch as that old man back there lines those buns up on his arm and executes his ancient craft with expert dexterity.  If this wasn't amazing enough, your treats will be gift wrapped in a wonderful white wrapping paper! Enjoy.
<review# 434,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/7/2010,11/29/2010,69,185,2,11,2>I've never had West African food before, and I'm still working on getting my head around the menu at this place, but I recognize a good, authentic home-cooking joint when I see one.  Try to flag down one of the younger staff to explain the typo-riddled menu to you, and how to eat the food once you get it.  (You're supposed to dump the sauces on the plate first, rather than dipping...it's not entirely intuitive).  Don't believe them when they say the food is not that spicy.That said, the fish was really good, and I really liked the different textures of okra and cassava, prepared in ways I'd never eaten them before.  Definitely a place for the adventurous.
<review# 435,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/22/2010,11/28/2010,315,240,3,5,6>Nom nom nom nom... can't talk.... eating..... -- Homer SimpsonFunky and beautiful, eclectic burger choices, great selection of various milkshakes / smoothies / and juices, and a good looking menu for your vegan and vegetarian friends to order something other than the usual restaurant iceberg lettuce salad fare!What's fun about this place is that their burger creations are really not the standard sesame seed bun, slab of ground beef and cheese, but much more creative dependent on the ingredients. I'm not vegan, but I enjoy eating off of their menu while I'm there because how often can you get a burger made of cashews, walnuts and lentils?This is a great place to go out with a bunch of your friends. Well worth the drive out to Narragansett, for sure.
<review# 436,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/13/2010,11/27/2010,2102,948,4,8,4>Yummy yummy yummy. These sandwiches are tasty and the ingredients are super-fresh. The staff is really friendly and accommodating to special requests -- Can you melt this? Add that? Swap this?  -- that are always met with a sincere 'YES!!!' I love the huge selection and the quirky combos. You can also go for it on your own and concoct something on a whim to suit your hankering of the moment. The only drawback, as previous reviewers have mentioned, is the run-down decor. Defs needs a spruce-up. But that's not to detract from the sammies, which I love. Scrumps, guys - scrumps.
<review# 437,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/5/2010,11/26/2010,16,80,6,8,7>No spice-craving fanatic can resist coming to the fiery depths of this Buffalo Underworld where the sauce is hot enough to burst your volcanic tastebuds.I ordered myself a Paper Airplane combo the other night with a side of cheese drenched Waffle Fries, which may I add were SUPERB -- but that was not enough for me. I needed spicy wings and I needed them that very second. I am a Spice Lord, capable of handleing even the hottest of the hot without a flinch. Wings' menu of Buffalo sauces called upon me where I studied the list with determination. Five sauces, one choice. The list went as follows:1. Wimpy (for those spice infidels scared of spice, but are bold enough to move onward and take it head on)2. Cruisin' Altitude (where Wimpy survivors meet their next match, a slightly spicier badboy)3. Red Alert (the middle man who packs a fiesty punch)4. Jet Fuel (serious heat for only the survivors of Red Alert)5. After Burner (eat. with. caution.)As soon as my eyes feasted on After Burner, I knew I had to have it. I'm not wimpy when it comes to hot sauce, I need the hottest one available. So I ordered the After Burner Paper Airplane meal with the cheese fries and when I asked for it, the guy gave a chuckle -- apparently not many people attempt to try this sauce. That didn't stop me though. Upon recieving my matchful set of wings, I was handed a bag that contained three cartons of Bleu Cheese and literally ten celery sticks. "You'll need this." I was bluntly told. I shrugged it off, like I said spice doesn't bother me...but it soon would. First wing, nothing. Second wing, eh, a little spice kicked in but no big deal. Third and fourth wing, yeah, now it was getting a little hot in my mouth. By the fifth wing I was facing Hades in the depths of Hell. For the first time in my life I was feeling defeat from spice -- but luckily the celery sticks and fries came to my aid. I went on to wing six and then Hades returned once again. I sat there for five minutes wondering if I was going to go on and eat the last wing, because I was feeling way more than an After Burn. I was in a fiery underworld. My nose was running and my face was beet red. Down to no more celery and fries, it was time to take the last spicy bastard head on, and although difficult, I ate the last wing. If I could have blew a bonfire from my mouth I would have, those wings were awesomely hot! Now I know how Adam Richman must feel when he tackles even hotter wings than those. Aside from the spice, the chicken itself was delicious, and the fries were unbelieveable. This place is kickass and I'll definitely take the After Burn for another ride sometime, maybe even 10-15 wings! FIVE stars for satisfying my hot crave!
<review# 438,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/14/2010,11/25/2010,115,209,7,6,5>This is perhaps one of the most overlooked places in the city for lunch. I know, because I come often and it is always practically empty (that changes after rush hour and dinner service tends to be busy). Take advantage of the privacy! Gorgeous dark wood paneled walls and comfy white leather seating create an elegant space with relaxed atmosphere -  the perfect place to share an intimate mid-day meal with your sweetheart or a quiet business luncheon. Restaurants specializing in locally harvested and organic foods sometimes have a tendency to serve dishes on the lighter side; salads, fresh soups, more salads... yawn... But here at Local 121, the food is full-bodied, flavorful and dare I say, a bit heavy? You can still get your soups and salads, but their main courses and specials are really where they shine. The menu here is small but varied. We opted for the specials of the day - a roasted vegetable sandwich and the house parpadelle. Far from bland, the sandwich was dressed with a sundried tomato and feta spread. The roasted greens with kalamata olives were bursting with flavor, perhaps a tad salty (but I LOVE salt, so I wasn't complaining).The hefty portion of parpadelle was served aioli with crimini mushrooms. It was tasty, but the same flavor could have been achieved with much less oil.The sorbet special of the day was chocolate, which is made in-house and like any human female on day 23 of her cycle, I just can't say no to chocolate! It wasn't hard to convince my lunchmate to share. Within minutes of it reaching our table, there was a battle of clattering spoons as we fought for the last bite. The texture was sublime - thick, fudgey, very unlike most non-dairy sorbets. If you are lucky enough to come on a day when they are serving this, don't hesitate to think about it - just get it!The total for two lunch entrees, a shared dessert, and a large bottle of Saratoga was under $40, very reasonable for the quality and ambiance of what has quickly become my favorite downtown lunch spot.
<review# 439,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/19/2010,11/24/2010,493,313,6,8,8>WOW!I mean, seriously, wow.I saw this place a year ago and it was NOTHING like it is now. The new owner purchased the property in January / February of 2010 and clearly put a LOT of money into the restoration, rehabilitation, desing and furnishings. And it shows.What an absolutely gorgeous Victorian style mansion. A lovely setting for a wedding or just a weekend getaway.
<review# 440,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/10/2014,11/5/2014,23,77,1,4,3>The more I come here, the more I love it. They have won me over and this is now officially my favorite place to get pho. I love the HUGE portions on the cheap!! I also love that the chunks of delicious meat..are huge, bigger than Hons. The flavors are just spot on. They are heavenly, delicious, and I'm becoming a regular there lol!! When I get a certain waiter he automatically knows that we need an extra serving of bean sprouts without me even telling him. He confirms what I want--oh yeah, he's learned my order!! He knows I can't pour my leftovers into a bowl without making a mess so he does it for me lol. Overall...yeah, this place has won my heart, and I love it so.
<review# 441,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/24/2014,11/4/2014,49,36,1,4,4>My girlfriend and I took my mother here for a birthday dinner. We thought it would be cool because it's a change from the usual places you see about town. From the outside this place certainly doesn't seem like much. It's played down but doesn't look run down by any means.   Once we were inside I was really impressed right off the bat with the old world charm this place presented right off the bat. SO much dark wood style and old interior architecture. The music was great as well. Classy, but not corny. I dug the aesthetics a lot. Every time we were greeted by someone new, they were polite, soft spoken,but friendly. Many places you go to with a higher end atmosphere and decor, they tend to give you a inferiority complex. The staff was well dressed, but casually. Which would make me feel at home regardless of my outfit choice that evening.   We were given the customary waters and briefed on the special of the evening. Our server came by shortly after and after a couple of questions we decided to order the Cheese plate, and the Escargot. I really appreciated that the apps were not super typical and bold but still had a selection of things everyone can enjoy. The cheese plate was great and came with a flavor variety that played nicely on the palate. It came with bread as a cleanser and had two little cups of honey, and strawberry preserves that went perfectly with the Brie.  The Escargot was flavored well and plated great. They only downside was that you had to do a substantial amount of digging in order to get to one little bit in each shell. I cannot say whether this is typical or not as I haven't had this dish many other places, but it did create a bit of a nuisance and caused some ruckus when the shell would slip or fall off of plate. Not a huge detriment. Just a minor inconvenience.  The bar, which seemed to have all you could ask for, can make a great martini. I always drink mine Dry with Bombay Sapphire gin, straight up, with olives. They nailed it. Very pleased with that. For the entree I had the skirt steak. I read all the tips here on yelp for it and I definitely noticed that seemed to be the popular choice. I always enjoy a good piece of steak so I decided to go with it. It came with some salad greens with a bleu cheese dressing. I was worried about the amount they'd put on it since it already came with it but they kept the ratio on point. I was pleased. It added flavor but didn't take away too much of the bite of the greens, and I enjoy that. Now let me tell you about this steak. It's been a LONG time since I've gone out somewhere and found a steak to be cooked THAT perfectly. Medium rare is my choice and they certainly got it spot on. Cooked just enough on the outside and warm, red centered. I loved it. The steak was so tender, which can be difficult with skirt steaks sometimes. My mouth is almost watering just thinking about it. The fries that it came with were so perfectly done, and seasoned they almost dont even seem real. They were crispy outside, and soft and golden inside. This entire dish was a delight and a joy to experience and I'll DEFINITELY be back with my girl for a romantic evening. The versatility of this place was wonderful as it provided an atmosphere for a peaceful, relaxing night of drinks, and snacks, or a perfect spot for you and your hunny. I can't wait to go back!
<review# 442,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/13/2014,11/3/2014,27,55,3,4,3>I'm convinced that it is impossible to have a bad experience at this restaurant.  I just want to stress how professional and personable the staff is, and how creative and interesting the food is.  The first time I came to the Cooked Goose, I remember trying to locate the person who made my sandwich so that I could tell them that it was the best sandwich I'd ever had.  The second time I was at the Cooked Goose, I remembered how the french fries were already seasoned and cooked perfectly every time.  And the third time I went to the Cooked Goose, I remembered how the Veggie Burger was extra spicy and how it was basically awesome.The Captain Kirk Sandwich is $9.00 and consists of Chicken Salad, cashews, basil, avocados, lettuce, tomatoes and sprouts, and it comes on a spinach wrap.  They have a sandwich called The Oscar ($10.95) which is basically a Filet Mignon sandwich on a Brioche Roll with tomatoes, avocados, red onions and herb butter.  And horseradish.  Their Lobster Roll is $13.95.  If I was ever up before noon, I would try their breakfast, which looks to be astounding.Your drinks will be filled; your requests will be granted.  They don't seat outside after a certain time, so beware of that.  Otherwise, choosing a breakfast/lunch spot in the area is difficult.  So just go here.Who's "Taylor Swift"?
<review# 443,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/16/2014,11/2/2014,226,636,1,10,5>Being born and bred in NYC, I'm a complete pizza snob. I don't mess with chain pizzerias (unless I'm under the influence), I love my thin crust and if the ingredients aren't fresh, I'd just rather eat somewhere else.And while I haven't tried every pizza joint in the Ocean State, Federal Hill is by far my favorite so far. Shame on me for not coming here sooner, since I'm only a town away but all the hype is true from reviews I've read and recommendations I've received. So just walking in, you feel like you're in a legit, old school pizzeria. Tons of pizzeria shwag on the walls, old school tablecloths, a bare bones bar in the back with a wicked good draft beer selection and it seems like all the servers and staff are either related to or friends of the owner, so you get that family feel to the place. The wife and I came in for lunch and split the Mediterranean dream salad, which is your basic Greek salad, which was above average and the broccoli rabe, which was some of the best broccoli rabe both of us had in recent memory. Not overly bitter or stringy, cooked and seasoned perfectly and served in just the right amount of garlic and EVOO. If a pizza joint is really hyped up, I always like to try their margherita first. My logic is if you can't nail a basic margherita, the hype probably isn't warranted. True to the hype, fortunately, Chef Manzo's margherita is lights out; a light, crispy crust, a red sauce with a little sweetness and tang to it, chopped basil and freshly grated mozzarella. The small size we ordered was perfect to split and we thoroughly enjoyed it. As Jaclyn P. mentioned, so basic, but so so good. And to top it off? $10!Don't get me wrong, I like pizzerias that get creative and inventive, but sometimes you don't want to recreate the wheel and sometimes all you need is a mouth watering margherita pizza and a cold craft beer to cure the hunger pangs.
<review# 444,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/8/2014,11/1/2014,42,205,1,7,3>Read a news piece about the new place taking over the spot of the old Ward Public House, and put it on my list to try.  I should have made an effort to stop in sooner, this place is fantastic.The shabby chic dolled up interior is leveled off by regular folks bellied up to the bar, and cozied up in a comfortable booth to the side.  More a collection of suburban regulars than funked up hipster, and all the better for it.  The menu has a short and broad selection of modern interpretations of casual dining classics, each highlighting a fresh and local set of ingredients.The TV Dinner entree of Buttermilk fried Cornish Game Hen is served on an industrial and functional metal divided tray. One half of a mostly white meat small chicken, cut into sections of breast meat and drum/thigh, then battered and fried to a crispy version of perfection.  The moist, juicy, and flavorful tender chicken is set next to a compartment holding smoked cheddar macaroni & cheese, a salad of crunchy cabbage slaw, a half of an ear of grilled and salted local corn, and a covered with granola fresh peach cobbler.  Hungry man Swanson never had it this good.A grilled Flat Iron steak was served sliced and beautifully cooked, hot red in the center, with a slightly charred crust. Dressed on top with a fresh flavored, but not strongly spiced chimichurri, and resting below on a salad of chopped sweet corn, red bell pepper, edamame, baby arugula and scallions.  A lovely and interesting take on a simple Summer steak and a salad.  I'm going to go back just to order this again.Great place, serving simple, tasty, well prepared food. A+.
<review# 445,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/7/2014,10/31/2014,29,33,3,3,3>Bright clean store with non offensive  acoustic top 40 softly playing. Organic iced and hot coffee, as well as breakfast and lunch sandwiches. Everything's made to order, so expect to wait a little bit. Staff is a little hippy dippy trippy, but helpful and polite. Browse the local, organic, no crap food and snack options they have stocked while you wait. Kind of a mini grocery store, w/o all the GMO garbage to sift through. You do pay for the convenience tho, items are similarly priced as Whole Foods. There are a few tables to sit and enjoy your food, as well as a bar next to the window looking out on Wickenden St. There is no dedicated parking lot, hope you get lucky and find a street spot off Hope/Wickenden. I wouldn't go out of my way to shop here on a regular basis (too expensive), but if I'm already in the area, it's a good spot to grab an organic coffee and a bite and/or some no crap snacks.
<review# 446,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/5/2014,10/30/2014,73,420,5,6,6>What a great path for those that live in the area.   If I lived closer I'd be here all the time.   It's roughly three miles round trip, but we walked the perimeter of Lippitt Park a few times to up the distance a bit.   It's a mostly gravel and dirt path with grass and shade trees on each side that provide a buffer on each side.    My normal haunt is the East Pay Bike Path so here are some pros, cons and observations compared to that. - No bikes!   It's nice to not have bikers trying to run me down- it's wider - there's plenty of room for two people to walk side by side without getting in the way of others, as long as you stay to the right.   You will run into rude people that walk three or four across and won't move though.   - plenty of dog walkers, but no obvious "evidence" on the sides of the path.  - lots of crosswalks.   We ran into mostly considerate drivers that stopped, but there are always one or two that are just in a rush.  - the path is a bit uneven in spots.   The gravel on the edges is much softer than the middle as well.   - make sure you dress in your best workout clothes.   Most people were sporting the latest workout fashions.   I felt underdressed in my yoga pants and oversized T-shirt.   - very limited interaction with those sharing the path.   For the most part if you make eye contact the other person will quickly look away.   I'm used to a nod, smile or brief hello.  I don't have an issue with this as I am anti-social at heart, it's just an observation.All in all it's a great place to get your walk, stroll, jog or run on.
<review# 447,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/15/2014,10/29/2014,34,119,1,8,2>I'm a huge advocate of this place after three visits in a short time frame.I've tried the chicken taco salad and the salmon. Man friend got a burrito. I've tried their margarita sampler tray, the jalapeño infused margarita, polloma, and pomelo (drink much?).All hands down slap ya in the face delicious.They did it right. Decor is nice and they have a patio.Staff is hit or miss. I've had some good ones and some inexperienced ones. They could work on that, but it won't hold me back.
<review# 448,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/27/2014,10/28/2014,26,103,5,6,5>Persimmon is Perfection.You've toured all the fine restaurants in Providence; that is to say you've been Grace-ified, Cooked & Browned and Pascal'd enough to know the "z" is silent. So what's next? Broadway has some great restaurants, but your skinny jeans are getting their annual laundering and while the hill seems the obvious to many, you are a connoisseur and know that what they serve is for the tourists and the Fa-talians. So head south to Bristol and be prepared for a new level of romantic dining. The cocktails are a delight, the dishes are perfectly portioned and the menu always has a fresh look with a selection of dishes to fit all appetites. I enjoyed the Tempura Soft Shell Crab and the Peking Duck (cooked perfectly medium rare). I noted my dairy allergy at time of reservation and I was so pleased that it was handled so graciously. Our meal was perfectly paced at two hours and we would have happily sat there about hour enjoying our Aperol. Eat Well Providence .... Visit Bristol
<review# 449,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/3/2014,10/27/2014,26,36,3,5,2>If the waves of Narragansett Bay swept up and slammed together all the cool upholstery, delicious food, and tasty beer kegs in the area, this would be the result. The building itself is just awesome. The main floor is centered around a giant tree, the top floor is a celtic-style billiards pub, and the bottom floor is a tavern covered in autographed dollar bills (see the pics). It's essentially Rhode Island's Disneyland of food and drink.The food menu is sublime. My fare of choice rotates between the eclectic burgers, massive calzones, and the ever-famous lobster mac and cheese. Though I've never tasted it myself, the pizzas here are served up on a nice platter and quite drool-inducing as well.The famous '69 Beers on Tap' selection includes 69 of the most deliciously ever-adapting brews. I almost always spend more time looking at the beer menu than the food menu. There's also a great wine and scotch selection if you're more into sipping with the pinky out.Not a bad thing to say about this place and my mere mortal words don't do most of it justice. Get yourself down there at all costs.
<review# 450,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/13/2013,7/21/2013,8,62,2,3,2>Oh my!  Sweet Indulgence is my favorite new place for a yummy treat.  A friend of mine recommended I check out the Death by Chocolate cupcake so I went by this evening to pick one up.  Much to my dismay, when I arrived an hour before closing there was only ONE cupcake left in the whole store!  Apparently everyone else in Warwick had the good sense to pick up their sweets earlier in the day.  I ended up buying the cupcake (lemon - it was good but didn't satisfy my chocolate craving) and some macaroons.  The shop woman was very friendly and threw in an extra macaroon to make up for the lack of cupcakes.  The raspberry macaroon is one of the best sweets I've eaten in a loooong time - perfect balance of sweet and tart.  I will DEFINITELY go back for that Death by Chocolate cupcake and to try their other yummy desserts.
<review# 451,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/28/2013,7/20/2013,34,137,,3,2>After trying two other breakfast places on Memorial Day (one was closed and Egg's Up was packed) we stumbled upon this small establishment.  The variety of beverages ranging from coffee to smoothies and more was amazing.  Not only was the list impressive but the drinks themselves were delicious.  They have a selection of pastries and sandwiches as well.  I sunk my teeth into an apple turnover and was not disappointed.  Definitely would go back here for a casual breakfast.  Only downside is that I didn't see any restrooms.
<review# 452,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/26/2013,7/19/2013,48,138,,3,4>I love Pho Horn's.  Love it!  Okay, so the location isn't that great, but I quickly overllok that considering the magic that happens when you enter.  The service is great (they start to remember you quite quickly).  The broths are to die for-  I've tried several different versions of the pho and they are all amazing.  It's a great place to go, grab a bowl and do some work (they gladly lead me to a booth with an outlet) or to go with your people.  They never rush you out and seem...gasp...HAPPY to see you.Hidden gem:  The Vietnamese iced coffee.  It's just a show stopper and completely unexpected.  Love.
<review# 453,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/25/2013,7/18/2013,55,257,1,4,3>Although I've never adopted an animal from the Providence Animal Rescue League, I have, in fact, volunteered here in the past. My volunteer period only lasted approximately a year, I wish it were more, however; being the animal fanatic that I am... every time I left, I felt more heartbroken than the last time.  I would clean cages, play with the kitties, do laundry and take the dogs out back for play and exercise.I have to say that most of the staff weren't overly friendly, but the volunteer coordinator, Shana (spelling?), was wonderful to work with.  I know of several people who have adopted animals from PARL over the years and they've been very happy with the whole process.
<review# 454,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/18/2013,7/17/2013,103,203,3,6,5>Ah. The Flint.  This neighborhood boasts some of the best local character watching in Fall Reeve - and is home to Sam's bakery.I adore the family that works in this place.  They are busy like ants at a picnic running around with precision getting the job done.   You've heard of the pies - yummy and cheap.  My reason for going here is the baklava fingers.  Long crispy fingers of nut and honey heaven.  Yes. Yes, I WILL pay a dollar per piece to enjoy  this other-wordly-like delight.  They are perfectly crisp and lightly sweetened with a perfect combination of  butter,nuts, spices, sugar, honey and rosewater.  On a recent visit, they let me come in with my daugther after their official close.  So nice!I bought some pies and a dozen baklava fingers.  You must get them fresh before they get wrapped in plastic.  They are still good, but just not the nirvana you deserve.Only five baklava fingers made it home.  I am not a sweets eater but I ate SEVEN freakin' fingers during my 40 minute drive home.  I have no regret...except  maybe that I don't live close to that rosewater baklava.
<review# 455,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/2/2013,7/16/2013,168,347,4,7,2>WaterFire is a very unique Providence experience. Before I moved here, people kept telling me I had to go. "What IS WaterFire?" I asked. "Well ... there's fire. On the water. You kind of just have to go see it." Now that I've gone, I know exactly what they mean. It's cool but it's very hard to describe it. I mean, they light the river on fire! Except, it's not really the river. There are these basins, you know? So there's wood. The wood is on fire. But it's *on* the river ... and then I just sound like a rambling fool. I prefer to walk down to the river to avoid traffic and parking. I live on the East Side, and despite Rhode Islanders' penchant for driving any distance longer than a parking lot I find it's quite a pleasant walk. The best views are up toward the north end of the river, where there are basins in a large circular area. The last time I was there, they had someone performing with fire - way cool! it's nice just to walk up and down the riverbank. Some of my favorite spots are underneath the overpasses, where there are some unexpectedly beautiful chandeliers. If you live in Providence but you've never been, you're missing out,. For visitors and tourists, if there's a lighting while you're here - it is definitely worth going!
<review# 456,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/1/2013,7/15/2013,185,680,3,5,4>If you're looking for an angelic mani/pedi at the eleventh hour, Angel Nails is there for your nail salvation. Booking two spots just 30 minutes prior a desired appointment time is priceless...as are the prices (nearly), clean tools, massage chairs and excellent services.As mundane as it may seem, one of the biggest perks of Angel Nails is the working array of massage chairs that customers sit in whilst having their toes poked, prodded and painted. Salons at this price level are usually rife with non-working "massage" chairs with remotes missing buttons or marked "out of order," so it's a pleasant happening that these chairs work to their fullest extent. After all, what's better than a mechanical back massage and real foot reflexology?The nail color selection is nearly endless, and its vastness will probably encourage you to go a bit wild, try a new color layering possibility...or even a new color. With vibrancies ranging from neon to demure, from shimmery to opaque, every persnickety customer will find his or her shade.
<review# 457,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/24/2013,7/14/2013,37,74,4,7,4>I sort of hate this trend of referring to all bartenders as mixologists, because frankly, guy handing me a beer at the bowling alley, you're a guy handing me a beer at the bowling alley.  The folks behind the bar at the Dorrance, however, more than earn the title due to their outstanding mix of skill, alchemy, and friendly manner (possibly the most important skill in the drink slingin' tool kit).The cocktails menu is a thing to behold thanks to its mixture of clever names and sometimes exotic ingredients, and they somehow make it possible to give you an accurate feel for the taste of the drink before you taste it for real.  Pretty neat trick, that.  Fantastic bar snacks menu, too: the deviled eggs with a miso-based filling & a piece of perfect bacon and crab hush puppies with a tobasco honey mayonnaise were big hits with our group.  Traditional bar fare, but upscale.And it must be said, the building itself is gorgeous.  A former bank building, it's a reminder of a time when architecture (business architecture in particular) wasn't just utilitarian, but lavish with spectacle, a reminder that a place can be more than just the function it was built to house.  The Dorrance is a little bit financial district, a little bit Versailles... make an excuse to wander around and take it all in while you're there, it's worth the trip on its own.
<review# 458,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/6/2013,7/11/2013,54,196,,4,2>There is no better way to start off a weekend than by having a great breakfast!  JP Spoonem's is adorable, small, and has a great group of waitresses who have been there for years.  There is plenty of counter space if you don't want to wait for a table. By sitting here, you are sure to always have a hot cup of coffee.There is an incredible amount of options for brunch, and also daily specials. My favorite item on the menu has been their raisin portuguese sweet bread french toast with brown sugar and bananas. It is a sweet explosion!The staff are incredibly friendly, and are always willing to make adjustments to their menu to suit your tastes or dietary needs. My water glass was constantly refilled, even on our recent trip on a busy Sunday morning.My hubby wasn't as pleased as I was with our meal, he said that his belgium waffle tasted a bit off. He did seem to like his eggs, bacon, and fruit cup. There is very little waiting room, so if you come right after church or during a rush time, you will most likely need to wait outside.  The venue is very low-key, so there is no need to dress up. Expect a lot of regulars, families with bouncing children, and a delicious breakfast!
<review# 459,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/6/2013,7/10/2013,65,76,,6,2>Mama parks her truck about two blocks from my office...so it's incredibly convenient and perfect comfort food as well as a nice change of pace for the usual Thayer lunch options.  I've only done the sliders and love their Bulgogi!  I'm not a fan of kimchi in general, by my friends say it's pretty great for New England standards.  I did try the sweet potato fries once, had some sort of glaze and black sesame seeds sprinkled on them.  They were just okay.  I do love how they make most things to order and have a lot of Korean beverage and snack options.  The other winner here is they take credit/debit cards!  Expect to wait a solid 10 minutes for your food but it's great to grab, and then go sit on one of Browns many quads/greens to enjoy afterwards.  If I drive, I park somewhere around George St and walk to the truck, usually around the Waterman/Thayer intersection.
<review# 460,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/11/2012,9/20/2012,70,106,2,3,4>Why is this placed not called "Providence Coal Fired Wings"???After HHH threw the best Yelp party here, I know I have to come back. And I come back for one thing - WINGS. Holy crap, if there is only one meal left before leaving earth, I will come here for the wings. The wings are covered with sea salt, pepper, rosemary, and topped with caramelized onions. I went home and dreamed about them even more.Huge fan! Great job chefs!
<review# 461,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/2/2012,9/19/2012,83,170,7,5,3>Ok folks, here is your key to a sweet New England airport experience: use TF GREEN!I refuse to call it PVD. BECAUSE IT AIN'T PROVIDENCE, people. It's WARWICK. Moving on. you'll get though security in 5 minutes on weekdays, MAYBE 20 on weekends, so plan accordingly. I fly out of here whenever I can (and not just because Logan terrifies the hell out of me, sorry Boston). It's clean, efficient, and easy as pie. Thanks, RI. You might not do a whole lot well, but dammit if you haven't nailed an airport. Hol-ler. Careful: non-RI-ers: they are CRACKING DOWN on pickups. Don't expect your whipped sig others (or dads, whatever) to hang out waiting for you. Airport security will whip yo butts straight to Nebraska. Call when you land and coordinate your pickups.
<review# 462,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/5/2012,9/18/2012,30,246,2,4,3>This is the kind of diner you WANT to find for breakfast. Seriously excellent, addictive home fries! Make sure to ask for them well done though, sometimes they come out a bit underdone (for my taste anyway!).Their 4-egg omelettes are an embarrassment of riches. Lots of meat options like kielbasa, chorico, as well as the usual goodies.I recently had the egg and homemade sausage patty platter. Well hello gorgeous! Yummy crunchy disks of seasoned pork perfection...what's not to love about THAT?!From the menu, I found out breakfast is served all-day except on Friday. Nice!Friendly servers, super fair prices, and great specials. I think I'm glad this place is a bit of drive for me...I could get into trouble here! You can eat outside, but you have to go in and order the food to go.oh yeah, like Greg said, this place won't win any design awards, it's a bit of a dive. I love it! Check out the packed interior, that tells you all you need to know!
<review# 463,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/30/2012,9/17/2012,37,89,7,6,6>This place IS a party. I went here last night for my friends fake birthday. It takes a lot for me to want to go out on a Wednesday night, but I'm glad I did.Pulling up to the address in Olneyville (scary, I know), I could not hear the typical deep bass reverberating from a show. I thought I was at the wrong address, but it turns out they were just getting started. I like the decor, especially a meandering LED display off stage-left.No cover for Funk Wednesdays and The Funky Autocrats played very danceable, high energy set. They playing here every Wednesday up until 9/26/12The bar is very affordable. There is a "$10 minimum for CCs". My tab for 2 Narragansetts came to $4, lol. The bartender was nice and only charged me the $4 on my card., but I made it $10 anyway. The only downside were the 2 strange older ladies trying to touch my hair. I'll wear a hat next time.I'd come back, it's a decent place.
<review# 464,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/15/2012,9/16/2012,151,439,1,4,3>This just in: Local 121 is still phenomenal!  Their spring '12 menu is fresh and full of mouth-watering dishes.  On the eve of May 14th, the beau and I returned to our beloved bistro for birthday celebrations.  On a Monday night, reservations weren't required (there were 7 other patrons other than us), and our server, Emily C, was gracious as ever with her friendly smile and able to deliver solicited entrée advice.  I adore the atmosphere (welcomed and encouraged to take your time and enjoy it all); comfortable seating, intimate lighting, and jazz playing in the background.Cocktails: "St.Germain" (St. Germain, champagne, and orange garnish) and an "Old Fashioned Gin & Tonic."  The G&T came in a white wine glass, which was odd and made sipping around ice cubes difficult, but the flavors were classic and crisp.  The St.Germain tasted like a Parisian spring dream.  Other fabulous mixology masterpieces available; all at a great price considering having been locally-sourced and fully flavorful.Starter&Main: Pierogi stuffed with potato, caramelized onion, and Atwell's Gold (with a rosemary crème fraiche) was an excellent starter and highlights Local's ability to sensibly sear and season.   For my main, I was torn between the special (Rabbit Ragout over fresh butternut squash gnocchi), and the Vegetable Strudel with greens.  I selected the later and was pleasantly surprised by this flaky-yet-savory dish.Dessert: The Strawberry Rhubarb crisp had a cinnamon-y crumble atop a blended and brewed sweet-tart soup.  This is one of my favorite combinations (of all time), so it is understood that there is a gamble when ordering out.  The Local made me hunger for home with this wee ramekin of sweetness.  Emily brought us two small flutes of champagne to wrap up this birthday dining experience - a little bit'o'bubbley is a fabulous way to break in a new year!
<review# 465,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/2/2012,9/15/2012,40,75,8,7,3>Any random night around midnight you'll find people of all ages from all walks of life- politicians, lawyers, homeless guys, cops, taxi drivers, East Side folk, West End folk, suburban folk, drunk JWU and PC kids acting obnoxious, drunk Brown kids pretending they're better than the JWU and PC kids, drunk RISD kids cheating on their vegetarian diets- all lined up waiting for one thing... greasy food out of this freaking awesome chromey trailer. I am fairly positive that the food is not that great if you can't appreciate greasy spoon, but damned if I don't get a craving for this place on a regular basis. If you grew up around here, you know the deal. Love it.
<review# 466,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/3/2012,9/14/2012,118,260,,5,3>I was truly impressed during my first experience at Metro Nails. I had read the rave reviews (Thank you, Jay D.). But was overwhelmed by the fantastic first impression. The place is spotless and welcoming. The staff super friendly, professional and conversational. The owner welcomed me as I walked through the door. She introduced herself and referred to me by name throughout my visit. The handiwork was meticulous. Ching, who worked on my nails, painted them to perfection. I have no fear of these nails chipping anytime in the near future. She did an excellent job! I will most definitely be back again soon!
<review# 467,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/20/2012,9/13/2012,92,185,1,11,4>I'm not sure what it is about this location, but restaurants that move into it never seem to last very long.  This is the third or fourth restaurant I've seen in here over the past several years.  That alone gave me some doubt as to how good it would be, but after seeing Bryan F.'s review stating it rivaled Italian restaurants on Federal Hill, I had to try it!I have to say, Bella Sarno did not disappoint!  Though I do think they have some newly opened restaurant kinks to iron out, overall our experience here was very good!  Our server was very friendly and quick to answer all of our questions, the food portions were extremely generous, the food was excellent, and the prices are fair.My mom ordered the Pollo Sorrento, which was essentially a chicken and eggplant parm, and it it was HUGE!  It came with pasta (not homemade... the homemade pasta is a $1.50 up-charge), and could have easily fed 3 people!  (See attached picture)I do have a couple of minor criticisms that are keeping this review at 4 stars.  If they were to address them, I would certainly upgrade them to 5:- The bread left something to be desired.  It was served cold, which I know is the traditional way Italian bread is served, but the texture of the bread also seemed off.  Rather than serving cold, mediocre Italian bread with cold butter, they should consider some warm ciabatta or focaccia with seasoned olive oil for dipping.- All of the pasta dishes state on the menu that the pasta is homemade except for one: the gnocchi.  I asked our server if it was made there, and she told me that it was not, which deterred me from ordering it.  I'm a huge gnocchi freak, so this made me a little bit sad.- The service at the bar seemed a little bit confused, but I'm guessing that will work itself out with time and experience.Overall, a great experience here, and I'll definitely return, assuming they remain open for long enough!  Keep up the good work, Bella Sarno!  :)
<review# 468,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/20/2012,9/12/2012,163,373,,6,2>Love, love, love it here. Nothing beats kicking butt  at an awesome kickboxing class!Rick does a great job instructing the classes, giving you an awesome workout all while having a great time. Be sure to check out their website for some pretty sweet online deals for the classes. New to kickboxing, don't have no fear, they spend extra time with the new people welcoming them too the program.  No matter how little or much experience you may have RI Martial Arts does a great job making sure everyone gets an equally awesome workout.Def someplace worth checking out!
<review# 469,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/1/2012,9/11/2012,21,77,4,5,4>My wife and I just moved to Providence and we were happy to see a sticker that read "Malachi's- Vegan options"  I didn't expect much because sometimes "vegan options" means a cookie or a muffin. However, I was pleasantly surprised to see that they serve vegan sandwiches! Plus the sandwiches are affordable- I just ordered a vegan grilled cheese and it was delicious! I would strongly suggest visiting Malachi's. Plus the owner is SO friendly and helpful! The other dude that works there (the hipster) is not so nice and comes off as pretentious. I love this place, even with the typical pretentious hipster dude.
<review# 470,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/17/2011,2/8/2012,14,31,,3,5>I enjoy nothing more than a good excuse to eat a cupcake, and City Girl gives the best excuse that there is: charity! Like the cupcakes, the owner, Catherine, is sweet. She donates 100% of her net profit to a different charities, and any uneaten cupcakes are donated to the Ronald McDonald house.The cupcakes themselves are delicious. The cake is thick and a little spongy, and the frosting is light and not too sweet. Definitely a winner and worth the price. Who thought that eating a cupcake would be my good deed of the day?
<review# 471,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/6/2011,2/7/2012,399,1574,5,7,5>Razzle has officially opened and it's glorious. You walk in and you're greeted by a cupcake counter. If you want to take your cupcakes and leave, you can do just that. If you want more, you can keep on walking in and grab a seat at the bar or a table.Start with a wine slush. The strawberry riesling is delicious, but so is the watermelon white merlot. They're a little pricy, but only because you're going to want a few of them.My "vine burger" was inventive and absolutely delicious. A burger stuffed with bleu cheese and topped with a mixture of light cream cheese and grape slices? It sounds weird but it's AWESOME. I licked the bun when I was too full to eat anymore of the burger. Really.Equally as amazing? A side of their OMGIWANTTOEATTHISALLDAY sweet potatoes loaded with butter and marshmallows. There are no words for the yum that came oozing out of this.Things I didn't eat but tried (and were loved by their eaters) was the BBQ chicken wrap, loaded with caramelized onions and again, SO GOOD. The salmon burger was equally as well made and delicious.The food here is way above average for the area, and you might pay a few dollars more for it, but I'd eat here all the time if I lived anywhere nearby.My recommendation is to come in (like NOW before everyone finds out about them), get a strawberry riesling wine slush, a vine burger, and a side of sweet mashed potatoes. DO IT!
<review# 472,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/6/2012,2/6/2012,239,181,3,3,3>Given the proximity to the house, High Spirits is usually a go to place for beer/liquor/wine. However there are other places in the area but definitely the service and selection keeps bringing me back to High Spirits. The service isn't in your face but they are more than willing to help you out with a selection. Most liquor stores I go into it is usually a depressed, old, unshaven fat guy behind the counter who is just there to take your money. That is not the case at HS.As Hilary mentioned, the selection of craft beers is quite nice and can't go wrong with the prices, especially on the inexpensive wine selection. Sorry guys I am not throwing down on a Rothschild if I am drinking a glass or two every other night.Thanks for the service and selection HS. You'll probably see me again...and again.
<review# 473,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/29/2011,2/5/2012,70,106,3,9,2>I love having a butcher shop almost as much as I love saying I have a butcher shop. While my friends go to big supermarkets to buy steaks, I just stroll down to my butcher and have them carve off a few fresh ones. The steaks are great, the concept is great, and the location and prices are really great. The place is a little intimidating if you don't speak Spanish (which I don't), but while everyone in the place is shouting in Spanish numbers, I've never come across an employee that isn't quick to help in English and quick to notice a fearful look on your face if you don't know what the heck is happening at the counter. Grab a number on your right when you first walk in... that's the number for the "beef counter". There's somehow a different numbering system for the chicken/poultry counter and I haven't figured out how that works, but I'm usually in there for steak so haven't needed to yet. When you get up to the beef counter, expect crowds and just watch the number on the display. The butchers behind the counter will yell out the number being served in Spanish a couple times. If they don't get any response, they'll shout once in English so be ready to jump in there when you hear it. If you hesitate they'll move on. Good news is that if you get skipped, they'll happily come back to you with a smile as long as you jump in there and speak up. The prices (probably 20-30% cheaper than supermarket), quality (fresh cuts), and selection (where else can you get ox tail?) are excellent and earn this place a cool 5 stars!
<review# 474,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/14/2011,2/4/2012,93,53,2,7,4>Hey cocktail fans, get your butts into The Dorrance. This is the premier cocktail lounge in Providence. Three of the best bartenders working in the area right now are behind the bar. I've been serving these guys for a while and appreciate all of their sensibilities.The cocktail list is great, but don't stop there. Talk to the very talented folks behind the bar and tell them what you're looking for. Trust them, and they'll give you something great.
<review# 475,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/12/2011,2/3/2012,53,70,2,5,5>I've eaten here twice now - the food and service are hands down 5+ stars.  Salads, soups, and the beef shank I had here this past week were absolutely delicious. We arrived a bit early so they had us go sit upstairs at the bar - but we sat on a very comfy couch and perused the menu.  It was very cozy and warm on a cold December night.  We ordered a bottle of wine that was very nicely carried down to our table with the glasses on a tray by the hostess.So food and service are outstanding - why 4 stars?  1 big reason, 1 small reason.  Big reason = price.  It's really expensive here.  I'm talking NYC fancy shmancy expensive.  $40+ entrees, $15 apps, the same for desserts.  The wine list is pricey - least expensive bottle is close to $50.  They offer a 3 course pre-fixe for $50/person.  So, at $50 for even the "deal" be prepared for a delicious meal, but be prepared to pay for it!Small reason = only beer & wine.  So I enjoy a cocktail.  I knew it going in, but because it was so cold we didn't feel like getting a cocktail somewhere else and then going back in the cold.  For the prices we're paying,  a full bar menu would be nice - though given the prices of everything else, I'd imagine the cocktails would be $15 each.  Oh well.I really do love the place, just not the prices.  It'll be hard to return because of that.
<review# 476,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/18/2011,2/2/2012,30,63,2,4,2>I was very excited to find out that we were getting a coffee shop in Riverside and I haven't been disappointed. For locals, it's near where the old Rickshaw Inn used to be.The coffee is excellent. My husband is very picky with his lattes and they've always been perfectly made. My soy chai was delicious-- probably one of the best I've had. Both owners are very friendly and willing to explain about the coffee roasting process.The coffee is roasted on site, in a glassed in room, so you can watch as it happens. We were told when the next roasting was and were able to get a light roast batch of Ethiopian, something we've always had a hard time getting. The pastries are great, but be warned, the cookies go fast.This place would be right at home on the East Side, but without the mark-up and a lot more parking. Definitely come check it out!
<review# 477,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/3/2011,2/1/2012,193,262,4,6,2>I love Lili's. A great casual date place, or a classy bar to meet with your friends. (Come here on a Friday night and Vanessa will be your server! Cutest chick eva!)I admit it took a while for me to get used how dark it is in here!A few things to love/appreciate:1. The Atmosphere: The lamps, the red wood, the music.2. The good drink prices.3. The employees are always super nice, friendly, and charismatic.4. The Burgers and fries.Everyone always talks about the lighting... The darkness is uncomfortable at first. It takes a long while to get acclimated to the dimness. But there's a charm that it provides as well. It makes it very easy to have a private rendezvous or hang out by yourself and not be bothered. I occasionally come here, sit at the bar, and enjoy some time to myself.About once a month I crave a juicy, delicious Lili's Burger. I order it medium rare, with a side of fries and a Guinness. I'm not sure what it is, but the burgers are so scrumptious! If you're new to this town, come check out Lili's. You might see me in the corner stuffing my face with yummy beef. :p LOL
<review# 478,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/17/2011,1/31/2012,231,95,4,3,6>I'll admit, part of the reason I gave this place five stars is because my friend works there and he straight up hooked us UP.Before you think I'm going to be giving this place a biased review, that is simply not the case. The food, ambiance and waitstaff were fantastic.I got a text from my friend Saturday morning about doing dinner at White Horse Tavern in Newport and I figured, "Why not?" I really had no idea as to what type of restaurant it was. When I heard tavern, I thought we were having some burgers and wings. Nope.When we got there, we were seated in a cozy little room that was illuminated with about 4 candles. Wicked romantic yo. I'll admit that it was one of those places that you know is haunted. I was informed that it was the oldest tavern in America. Yup, definitely haunted. I didn't mind it though, it added to the whole experience. The food though, I must say is expensive. High quality ingredients and well-executed cooking is the reason for this and if you don't care for those two things, then this place is not for you.Upon looking at the menu, we thought we'd be getting one or two appetizers for the four of us. My friend who is a chef there had other plans as he came out with about 6 of the appetizer items and it was all complimentary. From a cheese and sausage tasting to steamed clams and deep fried lobster risotto, it was all fantastic. Something that's great too is that about 75% of the ingredients they use to make the food comes from local vendors. Snaps for using local peeps.My main dish is something that I don't see in menus too often: Beef Wellington. This was one of my favorite things to make during my time at culinary school. Basically, it's a filet topped with foie gras and then it's wrapped beautifully in puff pastry and baked to perfection. It's wicked old school but when done right, it's magnificent. My friend told me that the recipe hadn't changed in decades and that's why it's flavors are so in sync. Dessert was a classic dish too, house made creme brulee. Now, this brulee was well done too. I'd like to think of myself as a brulee-xpert and this was one of the best. Overall, this place exceeded my expectations. I know that my friend cooked all the food but it was still well-executed.Remember folks, this is a date night kind of place. Wicked pricey and wicked fancy.Oh and the Newport Ghost tours come by every once and awhile...so it definitely adds to the ambiance.
<review# 479,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/10/2011,1/30/2012,599,211,6,4,6>This is the kind of place you dream of after a licentious night of drinking or during a hangover. Nothing pretentious here, just a nice group of down to earth folks who are eager to see that you have a delicious meal and a nice experience. I don't drink coffee often but their diner brew is satisfying and I needed the perk.I showed up just as they opened and in my sweaty yoga gear; I was thoroughly embarrassed but starving and couldn't wait another minute for food. No dirty looks, no presumptuous notions and no melodramatic 'where are you from?' talk.  Lovely flowers all around the exterior, clean and welcoming decor and wicked-inexpensive deals for breakfast. I like that the funny 'Hot Wieners' sign is unplugged. Be sure to read about their history in the stories posted on the wall.
<review# 480,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/20/2012,7/10/2012,202,333,4,7,8>So here's the dealio - when I first moved to RI, I sampled cupcakes far and wide.  At the time I found The Cupcakerie kinda of 'meh'...beautiful and well packaged, but expensive.  When I saw the sign "now open for breakfast" last week, I decided to give them another try.  And, let me tell you, this place has quickly become the JOY of driving up Broad St. through Cranston sprawl to get to 95.As early as I will ever be up (7:00 AM), I can make a stop at this precious, clean, earth-conscious cupcakerie, which has become so much more!  Yogurt, scones, muffins, and of course cupcakes (my personal favorite being the carrot cake number).  Service is done with a smile and they also serve New Harvest coffee, hot or iced, which has been good 3/4 times.  Also available for purchase by the pound.  While not exactly located in 'the village" (pawtuxet village), close enough to be considered my favorite coffee-and-a-treat spot in my hood!  Add eggs and butter croissants and you've got a 5*rating.Dog friendly RI tip: Dog treats are made here, but your pooch must remain outside.  They've provided a fresh water dish for him :)
<review# 481,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/29/2012,7/9/2012,136,330,1,8,6>I've enjoyed lunch at Beehive a few times now and it is wonderful! They menu is extensive and there's a little bit on there for everyone.  Sandwiches come with either a salad of fried chickpeas - try the chickpeas, they're addictive!I've been a little naughty every time I've gone here and typically get something with extra thick bread, lots of cheese and perhaps once with a little bacon.  YUM!  They also have super yummy salads, a mediterranean plate (can't ever refuse a meditterannean plate!) and smoothies too!I love bringing my laptop and plopping upstairs for an afternoon of yummy food and enjoying Bristol's finest!
<review# 482,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/18/2012,7/8/2012,84,177,5,5,5>Just tried Ichiban for the first time the other day. I had been waiting and anticipating and I have read and heard such great things. I adore sushi and this place does a nice job. I had take out for lunch on Friday and it was really good. I had two rolls, once sweet potato tempura and one spicy salmon. Both were well made and had a lot of flavor. The prices were spot on. I am excited to go there and sit down and try a few of there other items. They also have a nice Korean menu so I cannot wait to report back on that aspect. One thing I will say is there online menu does not go a good job of explaining what their sushi rolls are made up of making it difficult to order.
<review# 483,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/14/2012,7/7/2012,111,125,1,3,1>Swedish Fish drink is my favorite! Frothy pink greatness. This is one of my favorite places to go for comfort food. I honestly only get the nachos (unless there is a good Facebook Deal) and then a salad because they drench the tortilla chips in the classic toppings so it makes me feel better to get some greens in there. Remember to 'Like" them on Facebook to get some special outrageously cheap. deals! With the "password of the day" you can get things like their Sicilian pasta or Mahi-Mahi Sandwich for $0.99 ! Just for saying something like, "Luke, I am your father!" and buying a regular priced beverage! WOO!!
<review# 484,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/29/2011,7/6/2012,31,133,,5,4>When I first moved to Warwick I had trouble finding good, local pizza. This place has been hiding from me for the past two years. Tried it after noticing them on my way to another store in their plaza. We ordered a large cheese and large bacon pizza. My wife had a spinach calzone, which she said was really good. The large pizza is rectangular with a cut down the middle, one can feed more than your average large pizza. Everything about it was excellent! The sauce had a great taste and the portions of ingredients were perfect, for my taste. Had a few friends over and everyone agreed that it was REALLY GOOD pizza. The next day a few of us joked about wanting to order it again. Can't wait to try some other toppings. Tried them again, just got another cheese pizza but it was amazingly good again.  Also got some chicken tenders which were alright.Would have been 5 star rating but no french fries on the menu and no delivery and they don't take AMEX.
<review# 485,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/18/2012,7/5/2012,73,433,5,8,4>Oh, Mama!Even though you can be dodgy in questionable weather (you won't melt in the rain, I promise, it's just a little water, try it sometime) I'm still giving you 5 stars.I'm not Korean and I don't even have it on good authority whether this is authentic Korean food but I don't care because it's delicious. they've always got some great special happening and they have plenty of options for vegetarians and a few for vegans, even.Favorites are the veggie dumplings and the sweet potato fries. I am just waiting and wishing and hoping for them to add the hodduck dessert special to the regular menu. It's seriously on my top 10 list of favorite foods ever!
<review# 486,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,6/5/2012,7/4/2012,72,146,,4,3>I'm a huge fan of Coal fired Pizza, and now it has finally landed in PVD. The Pizza is fresh and the variety is nice. I ordered the mushroom pizza and the warm olive app. they present the pizza on a stand like many NYC joints, leaving room on the table to navigate. The crust was only missing one thing... SALT. I hope this was a one time thing because I want this place to survive. Btw the cheese and mushrooms were excellent.The decor is very upscale for a pizza restaurant. But I think it a great location to go after work for drinks, there are lots of tables and it's a very open layout. It can get loud but thats not a problem, its just not going to be a first date place, but who would take out someone for pizza on a first date, just saying...This place is very new, so I will give them some time to improve, but the portion sizes are too small. Pizza dough is cheap, I expect a large pizza when I go to a coal fired pizzeria. Across town Fellini Pizzeria is expensive but the portions are large.
<review# 487,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/24/2011,7/3/2012,27,126,4,3,3>I'm gonna start with the end of the night because the happy ending was my favorite part of the story. Our bill came up to $33. BYOB is the greatest culinary invention since some bartender in upstate New York put hot sauce on a chicken wing. We saw some pretty big portions after a quick peak at what the other diners were eating. That combined with the bread basket and our entrees coming with a salad was enough for us to decide that we weren't going to need any appetizers. So that added to the inexpensiveness of the evening. The gnocci that my girlfriend ordered was deceptively small. By that I mean that the dish looked huge, but there was more eggplant than gnocci and a large and thick layer of cheese covered the dish making it look a lot larger than it was. She certainly didn't leave hungry, but she was expecting a few more gnocci. She definitely enjoyed it though. I was a pretty big fan of my dish too. This was a great, cheap date. We had a pretty private table in the corner and our server was pretty good. It's definitely a place that we'll be back to.
<review# 488,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/14/2011,7/2/2012,22,72,,13,3>Another 5-star review for a hole in the wall fish market with a deep frier? YEP!  Higson Seafood, in my opinion is the best fried seafood in the Fall River area.  That is no easy task, as just about every restaurant in the area sells fried clams and fish and chips.  I got the fried seafood platter for $16.99, which includes piles of juicy, fresh fried clams, sweet and perfectly cooked fried SEA SCALLOPS (none of those rubbery, tasteless frozen bay scallops), butterflied shrimp and fried fish.  The french fries were mediocre, but all of the seafood was DELICIOUS!  I got some cole slaw as well, which was terrific.Higson's is just a fish market, and if you want atmosphere (or a table) don't come here.  If you dont mind takeout, the portions are huge, the price is right ($2.50 fish sandwich!) and the food is hard to beat!
<review# 489,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/4/2011,7/1/2012,28,44,3,4,3>Yes, this is my second review for a Pinkberry location.  Don't judge me.I can't find the right words to express how much I love this stuff.  So smooth, so creamy, so tart, so yummy, so....GOOD.   As soon as I finish my small serving, I want more.  Gotta have more.  Don't get more (because that would be bad for the figure.  And expensive), but man, how I crave it.   Favorite creation?  Pumpkin and Peanut Butter, side by side, with strawberries, mangoes, toasted almonds, and coconut.  I know, I know...it sounds ridiculous.  Like a baby put this combination together.  But it's amazing!!  The pumpkin isn't spicy and savory like regular pumpkin ice cream..it's more fruity and cinnamon-y.  The peanut butter is rich and roasted-tasting.  I think they may have just switched out the peanut butter, and if so I apologize for recommending something you can't have.  Wait a few months, it'll be back.All of the flavors are pretty tasty, but definitely take advantage of the free samples before placing your pick.  This location is a little weird, I will admit.  There's always a line and it doesn't exactly move fast.  The "swirlers" are indeed swirly--they are so peppy and smiley that it can be overwhelming (if you're easily agitated you may walk away with a tick).  They'll say things like "small peanut butter?  I'll be right back with that!" and then turn around to the yogurt machine that is literally RIGHT BEHIND THEM and act as if they've just left on a cross-country adventure to swirl your probiotics.  There isn't a lot of seating (and people are nuts, they show up in their pajamas with UGG boots and heaps of makeup and they're LOUD) so we usually get our concoctions and then eat them in the car.  Not exactly the most comfortable, but I can easily put this aside when the first spoonful comes to my lips.
<review# 490,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/27/2011,5/19/2012,96,508,7,2,1>I was on a quest to find cheese-heaven. And I've now found it. Plus - being a jew, they had bacon-challah and I'm totally in love. Yes Farmstead, did you hear that? I'm in love with you.
<review# 491,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/13/2011,5/18/2012,38,157,,4,3>wildfire is a bit of a diamond in the rough. Mineral Spring ave is nothing to write home about but wildfire stands out in its exterior decoration. Seeing the message on the chalkboard outside gave me a bit of an odd feeling (Men: No sleeveless shirts allowed) going in....but once I opened the door I see why they take the chance of putting such an odd message at the entrance. The interior is very trendy and has an formal look to it. You can tell they would like to keep the restaurant a bit classy and not just some 'pizza place'. I had the pizza which was very yummy. I went just for that purpose but almost deviated as their menue has a variety of Italian dishes that had amazing descriptions. Beyond the typical Italian fare but not overreaching with the 'look what crazy dish we came up with' kind of feel. At first the server was great. Very friendly, joking and in a good mood. Over time he tended to forget about us and eventually forced us to ask if he remembered that I had ordered another round. he was apologetic, put it off on the bartender, but then quickly arrived with the drink. My biggest complaint about the place is they make it seem like they have a wood-fired brick oven. I took the effort to walk around to where the oven was and sure enough it is gas powered. Not that I minded as the pizza was great....but the fact that on their website they have a picture showing wood somehow gets me fired up.....just be honest. Anyway, looking forward to going back and trying a few more of the selections on the menue. this place is definitely worth a try (even those of you who might have to pack a lunch for the drive to North Providence).
<review# 492,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/2/2012,5/17/2012,77,166,,2,1>After a full day of planes, trains and automobiles in addition to multiple meetings, I had forgotten to eat and I could not have been bothered to cook something. I had a coupon to Temple that was about to expire so the choice was easy. We were seated right away in one of the booths with a view of the state house. The interior has a quirky mix of old school flair (red velvet booths, black and white tile floors) with a modern twist (metal tables, sleek furniture). The menu- definitely influence by Mediterranean ingredients. Decent wine list and interesting cocktails. We ended up getting the lamb burger and yellowfin tuna served over shrimp risotto. At this point I was so exhausted that I would be happy with canned tuna. Anyway, our server came out with our food quite quickly, just in time since we finished the bread and garlic/olive oil mix.  Both dishes were tasty, the risotto nice and creamy but a little too much black pepper for my preference. Regardless, we left our plates spotless. Great spot to unwind at the end of the day in this former secret hangout without being bombarded by loud music (or patrons).
<review# 493,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/1/2012,5/16/2012,149,382,2,7,6>I absolutely adore the met.  It is a supremely amazing place to go see a live show.  It is clean (including the bathrooms), they have a pretty kick-ass beer selection at decent prices (for a music venue), it is a stones throw distance from my apartment, and it's big and spacious.  I love the artwork on the walls and the fact that there is usually a place to sit and have a beer before you go to the front to see the band.  Even if you opt to sit during the set, there is usually a good chance you can still get a view of the band.  As a metal head you don't always get to see shows in the best (or cleanest) venues and it seems like you are always paying too much to stay in a cramped and stale environment.  The Met is a true oasis in a sea of shitty music venues.  I really wish they would take more business away from the Palladium when it came to heavy metal because other than the obvious reason (I wouldn't have to drive to Worcester!) they are a more reasonably priced and more spacious venue (at least if comparing to the upstairs at the Palladium).  The staff is also very cool and seem to enjoy being there for the most part.  I can't wait for my next show at the Met because every time I've been there has been a treat.
<review# 494,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/31/2012,5/15/2012,52,188,2,2,2>I'm sorry but seriously... how could anyone not love Olga's??I think what some people miss the boat on with Olga's is their absolutely electrifying baked goods and pastries. A few of my favorites:1) Fig tart.2) Poached pear tart.3) Molasses cookie.4) Any freaking croissant item.Their brunch is also absolutely fabulous. They have a few signature dishes that must ALL be tried. My one disappointment: Brunch is only served on the weekends. During the week, the menu is mostly sandwiches, soups, salads, and pizzas.Something that few people know about but must be tried: RISOTTO. Olga's will often have lunch specials and if they are serving the risotto, do not miss a chance to taste this stuff. It is absolute mouthwatering awesomeness.
<review# 495,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/2/2011,5/14/2012,68,635,1,6,3>FANTASTIC!!!!I am not usually one to gush on sandwich shops, but this place is great.  Great location, service was very good (prompt, accurate friendly...).  Their food (Roast Beef and CRM) was great.  Everything fresh and top quality product.  The Manager was very friendly and interactive.  The prices were very, very reasonable.Oh, did I mention that they use... wait for it ... actual Maple Syrup.  Yes, I said it, the real deal.  Why?  Because they think there product is that good that it only deserves the best condiments.  So, this is a little secret I will let your fellow Yelpers in on.  Get the Strawberry Shortcake.  In fact, order it as an appetizer.  I am going to step out on a limb and say that this is probably one of the best SS I have ever had.  I know that is going to open me up for some pot shots, so all I ask is that if you have had theirs and think there is one better, send me a note.  I would love to find it.
<review# 496,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/24/2011,5/13/2012,44,172,,3,3>Benefit of the doubt: between 3 and 4, I'm bumping The Locals up to 4.We came here for a spur of the moment dinner on a Saturday evening.  In the round-about that is Centredale, relatively easy to find, and parking lot right next door.The Locals is what I wished McCurdy's Junction was.  The ambiance reminded me of a coffee house - a few overstuffed chairs, deli-counter-like-bar-and-open-kitchen, live music (wow. Brianna, a one woman show, piano and a soulful voice in contradiction to her tiny frame and youth: Amazing, yes with a capital "A"), very reasonable prices ($7-14 dollars a dish and well priced beer/wine/cocktail list) and limited but delectable menu.Chalkboards tell you the names of the individual who caught, picked, or grew ingredients used in that evenings available dishes.  Yes, names like: "Ted" who picked the rainbow carrots, or "John" who caught the scallops in the bay and shucked them his-self (intentional misuse) down in Point Judith.  I completely forgot the actual names, so please forgive me if I did not give our local food purveyors his or her due credit.  What chalkboards also announce (as well as a recent interview with the Providence Monthly) is that this is a slow food revolution, ie: be patient.  Each order is individually prepared when you order it.  We were expecting this, so it wasn't an issue.  Plus: I don't think we waited too long either.  By the time we enjoyed our pre-dinner drink, dinner was being served (and: the pre-dinner Sangria was lovely).My only criticism/advise: the staff was a little informal.  Don't get me wrong, the two young women serving us were lovely, sweet, and funny.  BUT- it was obvious that everyone at the counter were friends, and it made it a bit unprofessional.  Secondly- lighting should stay a bit dimmer.  It suddenly got jacked up after we sat down, and for 9:30 at night was way too light.  Lastly: wine was listed as available only by the glass, not by the bottle... maybe an oversight?Hope to be back soon!
<review# 497,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/26/2012,5/12/2012,81,227,4,5,2>It seems like there are only two reactions to the words "Mews Tavern." Either you love it, or you've never heard of it. Seriously, I'm not sure what kind of Jonestown, Heaven's Gate, Apple Store cult they're running down there - but I've never met a single Rhode Islander that's ever been to Mews that wasn't constantly telling me about how it's the best bar in the universe.Mews is largely a college bar with a typical bar menu and a decent number of beers on tap. I think this is the source of it's allure to Mews partisans. Many of them have fond memories of Mews because its where they went to drink in college, and confuse that with it being an objectively good bar. Also, I think Mews got on the whole  tons of beer offerings train early, so for a long time if you were a beer lover it was one of the better places to go in RI. However, now that so many other bars have gone that route, Mews isn't necessarily that special. I'm not saying that Mews is bad. It's a good bar. If I were a URI student I would love it. If I lived in the area I might go there occasionally. It's even worth taking a trip down there every now and then to visit friends in the area of just to go somewhere different. But if, like me, you've been hearing that Mews is the Holy Grail of pubs from your friends - just understand the context and then everything will make so much more sense.
<review# 498,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/15/2011,5/11/2012,93,53,,9,6>Friendly, unassuming, no pretense. The food was good, plentiful and very reasonably priced. The waitress was super-nice and attentive. This place is worth the trip from Providence. I had six pierogis, one potato pancake, a kielbasa and a beer for $16! I found Patti's on Yelp while looking for a place to grab lunch in Fall River. Experiences like this make me like Yelp even more. It was the highest-rated place within reasonable proximity, an not a place I would have found on my own. So, thanks Yelp, and thanks Patti's for the great lunch experience. See you soon.
<review# 499,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/12/2012,5/10/2012,34,119,,6,5>Okay RI. I've been giving a lot of 5 stars lately, but I swear I don't find everything perfect. But when you stumble upon a gem, you can't hide it or lie about it.This place is more of a sit down than a take out. Went in and sat in the bar area (bar was packed). Went with my boyfriend and we ordered a small greek salad (small is enough to split) and a large original style pepperoni pizza. All was GREAT. They use good pepperonis! You can tell because they aren't flat on the pizza, they actually curl up at the edges and turn into like cups that hold the oil. haha. Crust is great, perfectly cooked.They have several different styles of pizza, they also have whole wheat crust pizza, calzones, they serve pasta dishes, appetizers, and sandwiches. I have the tendency to let my waitress know when it is my first time in a place, the guy next to us heard me say that and told us that he has been going there since 1971 and that we won't walk away unhappy.My boyfriend says he thinks the pizza is similar to Caserta's up on Fed Hill (I think it is better).
<review# 500,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/2/2013,2/3/2014,23,137,2,7,4>OK So I've been to Beso's about a dozen times for lunch and dinner and I have Yelp'd at least three times and figured I had Yelp'd enough, but dinner at Besos tonight was so absolutely fabulous, I simply had to Yelp again and give them another five stars.  Our waitress, Sarah, was lovely, competent, friendly and super efficient and nice!  Our meals (I had the Seafood Stew and hubby had the very large and delicious veal chop) were off the charts good.  We shared the banana bread pudding for dessert (we were too full to each get our own) and it was beyond fabulous.  It was made to order so we were told it would take around ten minutes - it was well worth the ten-minute wait - can't even describe it - it was heavenly.  I'll make this brief because I have reviewed this restaurant several times - but the food and service (and DECOR) was so rave-worthy, well, I just had to come back and say it again - you can't go wrong with this restaurant.  It is not cheap - but it is FABULOUS.  I'm sure we'll be back soon.
<review# 501,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/8/2013,2/2/2014,74,362,7,5,4>Ok...so I completely didn't notice the "gay bar" label when we were yelping for a good place for drinks...which shortly became quite apparent when all of the patrons were male and this bartenders were equally well oiled, tanned, and muscle bound. That being said, this was one of the most interesting bars that I've visited in a long time. The place definitely has a bar/club vibe and it was near immaculate. The drinks were very affordable and there's even a ginormous tv near the end of he bar with awesome 90s music video on the background.Overall, I would definitely come back again and recommend everyone to come for for a great time and cheap drinks.Ambiance: 5 starsBeer: 4 starsPrice: 5 stars
<review# 502,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/16/2013,2/1/2014,30,75,5,9,6>It's at a race track.It's seasonal. It's a big outdoor flea market. It cost only 1 dollar to get in. What you might find once inside; Pots & pans, jean jackets, TVs, old tools, toys, creepy dolls, dead men's' shoes, plumbing supplies, swords, knives, num-chucks, old girlie magazines, a radiator, wrestling videos on VHS, lovely jewelry to fit any style or budget, off license Taiwanese Sponge Bob merchandise, Candles, incense, shampoo, Nazi regalia, a claw foot bathtub, those stuffed cats likely made from real cat fur, dusty batteries from 1998, sidewalk chalk, "Rolex" watches, "Louis Vuitton" bags, a ships compass, etc, et cetera!!!  In other words, this place is great!The wife and I picked up an outdoor light fixture never used, still in the box, a nice table lamp, a pitcher shaped like a pig (free!) and a Lament Configuration! All for about $11 bucks! Wow, just wow.
<review# 503,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/5/2013,1/31/2014,202,333,2,11,3>Friends recommend we try this place, and while I'm not a typical fan of chain restaurants - I must say we were delighted. *Fantastic view from Chapel Hill*Warm bread; tasty and served with pestoed EVOO*$8 cocktails, $5 sangriaMy salmon was grilled to perfection, with my choice of topping - I went down the mango chutney lane and was glad I did. All fish entrees are served with a seasonal vegetable AND your choice of side, which I loved. I opted for the pumpkin raviolis in brown butter and sage. Delicious, and ample enough for lunch the next day.  All this and a gluten free menu - perfect for those that abstain.  We will definitely be back when I hope to partake in happy hour.
<review# 504,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/15/2013,1/30/2014,29,63,3,5,4>Oh. My. Goodness. Hellloooo Warren. Guess you are finally on the official food map. Well its about time! My uncle lives in Warren and he is my foodie partner. He told me I had to try this place. Well he actually told me about all the tasty food he was eating and made me jealous about going to this place. So we did. It was strange to have almost all the employees know his name and say, "Hey Don how ya doin!?"Nice vibe, right off the bat. I like it. I was introduced around and met the owners Dad and the bartender and some of the wait staff, very nice group!We did have a wait a few minuets, but hey that's just enough time to grab a beer or a glass of wine and chill outside for a few. We sat down and ordered the chicharones. If you like bacon, this is bacon's sexy cousin. I tried The Local, which is perfectly named because it is exactly how I would have made it at home. Again, I stress that I am Portuguese and love chorizo! It belongs on or in everything, seriously. Be real. It was a chorizo burger with sautéed kale and yellow mustard on top. I also asked for some of the sweet chili caramel goodness sauce. I don't know who came up with it but it is a spicy sticky sweet sauce that I would put on everything from chicken wings and pizza to a chorizo burger and fries! I did opt out of the fries and got a salad instead, got to be honest I didn't like the dressing of the salad, but who cares it came with a chorizo burger! It wasn't over done or tough or chewy it was perfect. And it came on a nice hearty bun not those wimpy McDonald buns. My uncle had the special. It was a Mediterranean sandwich with grilled chicken, pesto, and some other stuff. I was kinda focused on my burger, haha. I sadly didn't take any pictures either because I was too busy eating! Another rookie mistake. I am all about the 'food porn' if you will. Take photos of the untouched beauty, then dig in. Ask if I will go again, well geez I have to because I didn't get to try everything yet! In fact all this talk about it I may go tonight! See ya there!
<review# 505,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/26/2013,1/29/2014,26,185,,8,2>Not your typical greasy spoon. . .We decided to try this place out this past weekend because of the good reviews. . . and because the online menu looked very tempting.  We arrived Saturday morning around 9 am to find the place full, but not overflowing, and with one two-top available (as well as a few seats at the bar).Our waitress greeted us promptly and brought coffee (one iced, one hot) when we confirmed that's what we wanted.  I ordered the chicken and waffles, and my wife ordered an omelette with portabello, goat cheese and tomatoes.  She ordered a biscuit and cheesy grits on the side.  Both dishes were flavorful and filling and we both said we'd get the same thing again, even though we do want to try other offerings.It has been noted that the prices are a little higher than other places; I would agree with that assessment, estimating that our tab, including tip, was probably $6-8 more than what we would have spent at other local breakfast places.  Was it worth the extra $$?  Considering we ordered two of the higher priced menu items, and considering you don't frequently see chicken and waffles on local menus, I wasn't totally shocked by the bill.  That being said, I don't see this as being an every weekend kind of place.  And if you are looking for the ubiquitous two eggs-toast-home fries meal for $2.99, this is most definitely NOT your place.I see this as a bit of a higher end breakfast joint, not the kind of place for a large family with a bunch of kids looking to fuel up on the weekend, more perhaps for a couple looking to try a breakfast with a little bit of a southern flair, or perhaps a couple of couples looking to have a breakfast in an atmosphere without the noise and confusion found in other places.We'll be back. . .maybe not next weekend, but maybe in a few more.
<review# 506,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/2/2013,1/28/2014,36,74,3,4,4>Best coffee house in RI!!! Artisan coffee place meets friendly, neighborhood hangout. Predominantly dark roasts, but if you like medium roasts, try the Peaberry! And they have the biggest muffins in the world.__________________________________________________­________________My boyfriend and I stopped here during a New England road trip. As a former Peet's Coffee and Tea shift lead, I'm always trying to find good artisan coffee here in Rhode Island. (Artisan coffee is hard to come by in this state, actually.) I absolutely LOVE Dave's! The service was lovely, the space was welcoming, and my latte and coffee beans were great. I may or may not have bought a mug, too.....nerd.They happened to only have predominantly dark roast beans on hand (boo, I prefer Medium to light), but the one medium roast I bought, Peaberry, is great---smooth and vibrant.PS: another Yelper says she saw Taylor Swift here. That's reason enough to go!!!!
<review# 507,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/11/2013,1/27/2014,296,230,2,8,6>A pretty decent hiking spot. There are a couple different trails and some take longer than others. The blue trail has benches in a couple spots, so that's a good one to take if you need to stop and rest every once in awhile. We saw a couple of blue jays, and saw a giant female praying mantis. There were also a lot of dragonflies and a few of them landed on me and hung out for awhile. We were hoping to see more butterflies though. This seems like a good spot for families too. Most of the trails are pretty safe except for a fallen tree here and there. Today I did the orange trail and the blue trail and enjoyed them both. I didn't get to try the yellow trail, but we plan on going back next weekend to check it out.
<review# 508,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/6/2013,1/26/2014,61,120,5,5,3>First experience: "Am I about to walk in to someone's house? Oh well, let's try it anyway." ... "This is great! It's like a bar in a house! Yeahhh!" My second experience there made me feel a bit older. You know how your parents used to complain about the dim lighting in restaurants as they pulled the flickering candle closer to the menu to see? Well, I never considered myself old until I did that same thing with my cell phone at Lili Marlene's. I get it, it creates ambiance and atmosphere and mystery. But I can't read your food or wine menus or even see what beers you have on tap!Fortunately, I persevered and we ordered a basket of fries, a sausage plate, and a few rounds of drinks. The food menu is limited, but good, and everything is pretty inexpensive. Our fries were plentiful and the sausage was great! I have only ever sat at the bar which is fun -- friendly bartenders and you get to spy on the folks "on the other side" in the booths and playing pool from the cover of the shadows. It's certainly not a pretentious place, and I suppose this would also be a great spot for the nights you just don't want to put much effort in to how you look. I mean, it is seriously dark in there.
<review# 509,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/12/2013,1/25/2014,28,124,,5,3>I knew I was in for a treat when the parking lot was packed at 1:30PM.  I don't normally go out for lunch, but I was craving some caprese salad and cold cut.The caprese salad was just the way I like it, it had cherry tomatoes and the mini mozzarella balls with fulls leaves of basil. Next time I'll need a bigger order of it. The sandwich was the real win. They have a long list of sandwiches that they make and I ordered a very simple small salami with provolone cheese, It came with shredded lettuce and tomato and italian dressing. the small was the perfect size, it was about 6ins long and they didn't skimp on the meat and cheese.The woman who took the ordered was super friendly, I told her it was my first time there and she explained the menu board and how to order. It's not just a deli either, they have a large selection of imported Italian food and candy. Now that I'm working right down the street, This will be my go to lunch destination.
<review# 510,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/3/2012,11/22/2012,40,75,1,8,5>Dear Bella Sarno: THANK YOU! Finally, excellent food out of this building which has been a revolving door of "meh" restaurants.The service was a little iffy tonight, but the place has only been open a short while and I can give them a pass on that. Also, I am pretty stingy with 5's so don't let that dissuade you. This place will probably get upgraded to a 5 when I visit again. And I will visit again, probably really soon. It was that good.Now on to the good stuff:Good cocktail list including a whole Sangria menu!Amazing homemade pasta!Federal Hill caliber Italian food in North Attleboro, MA!Possibly the best marinara I have ever had in my life!I had the Pollo alla Sorrento which was essentially chicken parm... topped with fresh ricotta, then a layer of eggplant parm, and then mozzarella cheese. It was fantastic. All of the ingredients were fresh and high quality. And the sauce- Oh my god, the sauce. Sweet and delicious marinara. I usually think sweet sauce is nice or whatever, but wow this was good. I also had the long ziti as my pasta. Sure it looked like Beefaroni...but it was awesome. Obviously homemade and the best pasta I've had in years.Wife had radiatori  with meatballs. Again, the pasta was phenomenal. And the meatballs were also excellent.Portions were big. The bread was good, soup was good, salad was fine. But man oh man that was some of the best Italian I have had in a long time- and I work a half mile from Federal Hill.We also had a couple of glasses of Sangria- the blackberry and the "best ever" (there's like 8 of them). Both were very good.Restaurant was clean, pretty tasteful, and very busy. The bar was busy as well and could be pretty fun I think.A few notes: they have a full wheat free/gluten free homemade pasta, and they claim that they do their best to provide meat/poultry/fish that is family farmed, antibiotic-free, hormone-free, humane, free-range, as well as organic and farmer's market fresh produce. Also, the family that owns this restaurant also owns Pats Italian Restaurant in Johnston....which I've never tried or heard of, but it has 13 reviews and 4 stars on Yelp. All in all, a great, great visit. Can't wait to go back.
<review# 511,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/8/2012,11/21/2012,48,138,,7,7>I guess I am going to have to take sides on the Twin Oaks debate and I am going to have to publicly announce that I am a fan.  But let me tell you why...1)  The food.  Is it elegant?  No.  Is it some imaginative modern fusion-type cuisine? No.  But it is stick-to-your-ribs-I-am-so-hungry-give-me-several-­pounds-of-lobster fantastic.  I dare you to find a better plate of baked stuffed shrimp in RI!  Seafood is their thing here- stuffies, lobster, crab legs, etc., which  are all great and their sauce is also unbelievable.2)  Service.  As mentioned by previous reviews, the service is impeccable.  The staff here have somehow mastered the art of balance:  being professional, but friendly and warm.  And they will do ANYTHING to make you happy.  The staff will satisfy even the most annoying member of your party (I know quite a few testy dining companions that work MY nerves).3)  Lastly,  the reputation.  This is a true RI establishment.  What does that mean?  That means that this is the place you make memories.  This is the place you went with your family after your cousin's graduation.  Or birthday.  I've been here for Father's Day, birthdays, drinks, or hungover with a group of ladies.  I've come in here both dolled up and fresh from the beach and I have never left unhappy.  Ever.
<review# 512,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,9/16/2012,11/20/2012,166,566,2,4,2>This Japanese restaurant, which does not offer sushi, was a good find nonetheless. It was empty when we arrived, but got somewhat crowded as the night progressed. They offer what seems like an endless menu of options. After much consideration, my dining partner and I tried the Kani Croquette - two large friend balls of crab, corn, and mushroom served with a wonderful aioli. They were yummy, but heavy, the sashimi salad which was light and served with a tangy dressing, and a spicy shrimp soup, which after a couple spoon-fulls had fulfilled my craving. We also had the the spicy tuna tostada which were heavy and fried and not that tasty. As an afterthought, we ordered skewers of asparagus wrapped in bacon which were OK and the shrimp meatballs which were chewy and not very flavorful. Despite trying many small plates, we did not order any of the shabu shabu, udon or ramen dishes. I will have to evaluate one or more of these offerings at another time.
<review# 513,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/15/2012,11/19/2012,44,75,4,6,5>So I have been meaning to get to Los Andes forever, people have been telling me how good it is.. so finally, I grabbed my Peruvian buddy Andres and took him to have some "authentic" Peruvian food.  Now Andres isn't some "my mom is Peruvian kind of guy", hes from Peru, here doing his PhD, and missing the flavors of his country.  Se we walk in, its not a flashy or fancy place, small bar, decent decorations, clean and super friendly wait staff and bartender.  We grab a seat at the bar and of course, have to have a Pisco Sour, and it was perfect.. just sweet enough, could taste the Pisco, and just the right amount of foam from the egg whites.  Perfect, we're off to a good start.Appetizers we're quickly ordered, as Andres was salivating at this point. Causa Lamena and Champinones rellenos.  The Causa is essentially delicious mashed potatoes filled with avocado mousse, topped with shredded chicken and a slice of hardboiled egg, drizzled with a couple tasty and spicy sauces.  I never thought some cold mashed potatoes could be so perfect.  Seasoning and flavors we're spot on.  The champinones (mushrooms) were delicious as well.. stuffed with ritz cracker, corn, chilis, queso blanco crisped too perfection, and topped off with a garlicky chimichurri butter.  Taste bud explosion.  I could have stopped here, but we went on.Entrees we split.. Andres got the Chichirrone and I got the Bifsteck a la Pobre.  A giant piece of ribeye, cooked perfectly, seasoned well on top of some hand cut fries, rice, some amazing fried plantains and a couple fried eggs on top to boot.  Why not.  Pour on a little beef jous, and its in the bag.  So much food.. and I think it was $13 bucks.  My buddy Marcus was there as well, and he got the Picante Mixo, beef tongue and a chicken quarter.. he didn't have a lot to say, since his mouth was consistently full.  All in all, great meal, Stamp of authentic approval form Andres, and it didn't break the bank.  2 apps, 3 entrees, and 6 alcohol drinks came in right at $80.  Great place, great food, great value.  Los Andes is in my permanent rotation.  Oh, and there was a line at 7 PM on a Thursday and a fun Peruvian live band playing.  icing on the cake.
<review# 514,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/4/2012,11/18/2012,25,99,2,3,2>On Saturday night, my husband and I decided to venture to my hometown of North Providence to dine at Jacky's Galaxie, located on the ever-so-exciting Mineral Spring Ave.  If that restaurant name sounds familiar, it's because there are numerous Jacky's restaurants in Rhode Island, including the one in Providence I have mentioned before called Jacky's Waterplace.  Jacky's North Providence is one of our favorite Asian restaurants in Rhode Island, as it is low-key, never too busy, but with a large menu and very delicious food.  It's also so easy to get to from Providence, with a location right off the highway!We went there on Saturday because we were in the mood for a relaxing and casual meal, which is exactly what we ended up with.  We were seated promptly, right near the sushi bar so we had plenty of entertainment for the night watching the chef prepare his creations.  I ordered my usual hot green tea, which came in a large pot.  I like the fact the tea was served in massive quantities, as I drink it like water and didn't even have to ask for a refill!While I hadn't been to Jacky's North Providence in a bit, I already knew what I was going to order. It wouldn't be a complete meal without ordering my absolute favorite Asian restaurant appetizer- nime chow, aka spring rolls stuffed with veggies and rice noodles served with an addictive sweet and savory peanut sauce. I devoured most of it, leaving only one measly quarter piece for my husband. Their nime chow is great- the individual rolls are so stuffed they are bursting at the seams! I also appreciated how they generously served their peanut sauce in a little bowl that is much larger than what most Asian restaurants use to serve dipping sauces. The more peanut sauce, the better!We also snacked on a bowl of salty edamame- again, the portion size was huge!The apps alone could have made quite a delicious meal!For dinner, I ordered their vegetables in lemongrass, to which I added steamed tofu for an additional dollar. I love this Thai-style dish- it is saucy (perfect for mixing with rice) and full of fresh veggies like broccoli, water chestnuts, carrots, baby corn, peppers, mushrooms, and onions. The tofu pieces are sizeable, as is the whole dish altogether. This restaurant doesn't skimp when it comes to portion sizes, that's for sure! I could barely eat a third of it!I obviously ordered brown rice to go along with it- kudos to Jacky's for offering brown rice!The saucy veggies and tofu and brown rice were the ideal combo of flavors and textures. I was beyond satisfied with this meal! Not only was it delicious, but with the mounds of veggies and steamed tofu, I believe it was fairly healthy too!Jacky's served us some tasty eats in a very cozy and comfortable atmosphere. The service was prompt and attentive, the mood was chill and the food delighted my vegan, low-gluten taste buds! Sometimes it is worth getting out of the city to go back to your roots!
<review# 515,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/21/2012,11/17/2012,70,481,4,4,3>I'm mad at my friends. Wanna know why? They claim to be my bosom chums, but no one ever took me to Venda until yesterday. Think of all the ravioli I've missed! For years!The market was spectacular; others have described it, so I'll skip it except to say that if you're Italian and you've never shopped here, you should get your card revoked.I'm reviewing the cafe with four stars because the food was just plain good across the board. Good wine selection by the glass, admirable, if a bit predictable, cocktails list. Antipasto was deceptively small-looking, but it held great delights, especially the roasted/marinaded red peppers. Tortellini Bolognese...well, it's what I order at eery Italian restaurant and this did not disappoint. Fluffy pillows of cheese in a savory suce...I slobber just thinking about it. Cappucino was wonderful...I can't complain about anything here. The best part was the prices were very reasonable for lunch (except for the lunch booze, but that was my fault, not theirs. No one put a gun to my head and made me order the drinks...)Server Brandon did a very nice job considering the influx of hungry lunch patrons. He was attentive and never rushed us out despite the fact that there was a wait at the front. Good for him. I really enjoyed my afternoon at Venda and l look forward to going back!
<review# 516,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/7/2012,11/16/2012,20,192,1,3,1>This place is really quite lovely. The setup is great, with all the categories clearly labeled on cute little chalkboards above the shelves. The layout is open without those daunting long isles so common in liquor stores, which makes it really easy to find the sections you're looking for. Clean and bright with nice staff.I really like how their wine is categorized, and they have a lot of nice options. Prices are reasonable and they have items not easily found other places, though I wouldn't go here for everyday, common items. For example: I came here to get creme de violette and Luxardo maraschino liquor, but bought my Bombay Sapphire and Crown Royal elsewhere.They have a rewards program where every $500 you spend earns you $25 off your next purchase and they look you up by name so you don't have to remember a card. Yes, I've reached the $500 before and am well on my way to the next reward so I suppose I come here more than I realized....
<review# 517,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/9/2012,11/15/2012,37,109,,3,3>Wow.   I loved my experience at Nick's on Broadway.   I heard lots about Nick's as the go to place for brunch, but not much about dinner. No offense to RI folks, but I left my heart in San Franciso, but the vibe and the locally grown menu of Nick's has that oh so west coast feel that I miss.   As soon as we sat down we were greeted with the biggest smile from our server Julie.   She was very excited and you could tell that she loves where she works.   Since my partner had made reservations ahead of time they already knew my preference for gluten free food.   As the daily specials and menu highlights were being mentioned she pointed out which items were GF as well.   Words can not describe how scrumptious our food was.   The chef did an amazing job pairing a bottle of wine to match our food and the half glass pour suggestion to go with our appetizer was the perfect way to start a meal.The entire meal from start to finish had our taste buds oohing and aahing with excitement.   Nick's on Broadway was amazing!
<review# 518,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/6/2012,11/14/2012,105,224,2,3,3>The only donuts worth driving 30+ minutes round trip. I was always "meh" about donuts until I had Allie's. They have an ever so slightly crispness to the outside and are light as a feather inside. And once in a while, you even get them still warm and the experience is a bit different. Allie's was my gateway drug to donuts, and now I seek specialty donuts wherever I go. I want to bathe in the scent of this place. Can someone make me a perfume?
<review# 519,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/9/2012,11/13/2012,85,139,7,3,3>Hey, welcome to 'Downey's, here's a beer a biatch and a sharpened pool cue. Have a good time.I'm giving this place 4 stars because, well it's a dive, basically, and out of dives it's a 4 star one. PBR's $2, and the company is good. They have a DJ some nights, and they have karaoke other nights. Pool table, and an ATM. You're allowed to bring your beers that are in cups outside to drink.Cash only, and everyone will know your name/ knows each other. Service was quick, and if you sit on the wrong side of the bar the people playing pool will ask you to move every 15 seconds.Maybe I just like this place because two chicks hit on me when I walked in, sure they were drunk, and it was probably because I was dressed so out of place that the forbidden fruit must be tasted...but I like to think it was my lumberjack musk that wafted over to them and aroused the senses, demanding satisfaction.Either way, check it out if you're downtown and are all like 'woh i only have 10 bucks left, is there anywhere we can just go chill, buy cheap beers and scope out da shawtiez? Bruddah you KNOW a tattoo gets my engine goin'and such.
<review# 520,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/2/2012,9/10/2012,23,268,4,4,3>The pastries which we purchased were both tasty and fresh... and the best part they were a BARGAIN!! The ice cream wasn't too shabby but not really my favorite of all time. It seemed like it melted and was put back in the freezer to firm up again before i bought it... it was crystal-ish at the bottom... not my favorite texture. Enduring the stench of the cow pies to snag some tasty cakes and ice cream is a mere price to pay for awesomeness.
<review# 521,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/4/2012,9/9/2012,44,75,3,8,2>In a single word... "Fan-freaking-tastic."Headed to Ebisu with my GF and another couple Sat night and I already cannot wait to head back.  I know most of the other reviews on here cover just about every positive about this place, but I feel the need to add.Now right off the bat.. this could have been a disaster... Sat night, around 8 oc'clock the place has about a dozen tables, and probably another dozen seats at the bar.  We are seated.. cool little dining room.  A little while goes by and we haven't had a waiter visit our table.. and no big deal, were chatting... but I'm looking around, and all I see is this one waiter running around like a madman.  And it hits me, hes the only one working the floor, on a Saturday night.  Dude is hustling. Finally comes over and we order drinks and app's and I asked about the lack of staff, apparently the other waitress is on vacation, and the kitchen is short staffed too... the owner was actually out there running around helping in the kitchen and on the floor.So drinks come, and then the appetizers... and now the s@%t got real.  We got 5 or 6 appetizers to share around the table.  Everyone was great.  The crab and corn croquette was crunchy on the outside, and creamy and delicious on the inside..  the corn complemented the natural sweetness of the crab. Awesome.  The spicy tuna wontons... OMG.. sticky rice wrapped in seaweed paper, tempura fried and then topped with spicy tuna.. so good.. flavor, texture.. perfect.  I didn't try the shumai but they disappeared quick and finally...  the dish that capped it all off was the rice burger..  yeah I said rice burger.  It is essentially two thin crispy rice patties (think the burgers bun) with your choice of meat (i got lamb) and sauteed mushrooms, and onions, and some sort of magic sauce.  Not too many things surprise me anymore, but this was a homerun.  So packed with flavor, it physically hurt me to let the others at the table try it, knowing that it would be less that I would get to eat.  I could easily go there and get like 3 of those to go.After this mini feast... we ordered more drinks..and started liking the fact that things were meandering out of the kitchen.. I think people sometimes look at dining the wrong way...   It shouldn't be in and out as fast as possible, and this place sucks if my dinner isn't on the table in 4 minutes.  It is an experience to be shared with good friends.  And we did, we ordered dinner, each got a different delicious bowl of noodle and broth.  I got the Tomyum with shrimp and was again dazzled.  The depth of flavor in the broth, lemongrass, and lime and cilantro and the heat from the peppers... almost stole the stage from the plump perfectly cooked shrimp and to die for udon noodles.  Such an amazing texture.. soft and yet a little chewy.. so damn.. good.As if we really needed it, we ordered desert.. green tea ice cream tempura and mango crepes.. both we're excellent, but at this point my taste buds we're waving a white flag.. they got one hell of a workout.  All in all we spent over 3 hours there, and the whole time felt welcome by our waiter and the owner who made it a point to check on us.  It was a great time at a great place.. go to Ebisu soon.. and enjoy.
<review# 522,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/11/2012,9/8/2012,34,295,4,4,2>Wow.I just had the best tacos here.  Ordered 3 chicken and 1 steak.  They come on double corn tortillas and served with cilantro and diced onions.  It sounds pretty plain but the meats are marinated in sauce which is delicious.  They also give you a few sides of green sauce and limes.  I preferred the chicken over the steak.  It was more flavorful and tender.It's not in the best neighborhood and only has a few chairs set up on the side.  We ate ours standing up next to a ledge for our plates.  These are the best tacos I've ever had.  I want more.  All must kneel down to the Don!P.S. My meal was $4.80.
<review# 523,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/10/2012,9/7/2012,28,56,3,2,2>Oh, heaven - thy name is Hewtin's sausage!  I consider myself to be a sausage connoisseur and this was seriously the best that I've had.  This perfection was juicy and bursting with flavor.  Moving on to the bread.  The entire time I was eating/devouring the sandwich, I was thinking "delicious sausage...love this bread....mmmm sausage....mmmm bread".  They park outside of Grant's block all the time, which is unfortunate for my waistline since I work in close proximity to that spot.  Sigh.  Bacon-meatloaf sandwich, I have my eye on you!
<review# 524,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/28/2012,9/6/2012,44,52,3,5,5>And I think I have a new restaurant in my list of favorites!.  Who knew it would be here in Woonsocket?Having been a Rhode Islander my entire life, but only having lived here in Woonsocket for about two-and-a-half years, I admit I usually go to Providence for dinner with my friends.  I mean, let's face it...Woonsocket isn't really known as an epicurean's dream in New England, or in Rhode Island.  But this little restaurant has won several accolades such as Best of Rhode Island's Best Mexican a few times. AND it is, like down the street from where I live.I went their with my date, and it is cute...I had been here for a drink once before, but it was cold, and winter, but this time of year, besides the charming little dining room, there is outside seating for several tables under a cute little awning.  Our waiter, Ryan, was lovely, and very friendly and helpful.  I had a skinny margarita, which was light and refreshing.We both ordered a special soup they had which was a grilled gazpacho.  It had a velvety texture and a richness not normally found in your more traditional gazpacho, but it was fantastic.  I should also mention they make EVERYTHING on the premises, down to their salsa and chips, which are crave-worthy.  I should further mention that this place specializes in a California style Mexican cuisine if that makes sense, which means well-seasoned but not spicy.  While I am a SPICY food fiend, I have to say, the food here is so goo, that I do not miss the spice.  But they can give you hot sauces if you really wanna sweat!So, as I was saying, my date ordered a bowl of chili, and a combo meal - to tacos (he got hard corn tortillas with beef) and chicken enchiladas. It came with rice and refried beans.  I got the same combo, but with soft flour tacos with chicken and beef enchiladas.  Portions were generous and delish.  The fillings on both of our tacos and enchiladas were well-seasoned and addictive!  The only thing neither of us really loved was the rice...but everything else was FANTASTIC.I will definitely be back to this little jewel of a place, and if I have anything to say about it, SOON!
<review# 525,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/28/2012,9/5/2012,54,86,2,4,4>Sound the horns! It's finally here! After a long stretch dominating the PVD taco truck scene, Poco Loco has finally set up a stationary store front down in Edgewood (between Cranston, Providence, and Warwick). It is basically fantastic. The menu inside is stacked with a few extra items that aren't available at the truck. The food, as many of us have come to know, is super delicious. I am personally excited about this spot, as it is just a 30 second detour from my daily afternoon commute home... there is currently a BYOB license... there is outdoor seating... and there is a place to grab a cold beer right across the street! What's better then that??? Went by for the grand opening today. There were cars parked bumper-to-bumper and a line out the door. It's no secret these guys make awesome taco-truck style Mexican food. My favorite is the Green Monstah, sans Jalepenos, add napalm sauce. If you don't already have a favorite, odds are you will come to find one. So stoked for this place!!!
<review# 526,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/5/2012,9/4/2012,85,139,4,5,4>Oh Hot club. May Poseidon always grace his blue vein of life bearing water that caresses the shores of this sacred ground.Hot Club is great. It's a bar on the water. It's not hot at all, and it isn't a club. It's an establishment that has 3 bars inside which offer some of the most refreshing libations to quiet the tongue, and enrich the spirit.Though service is pretty slow 80% of the time, you really can't get over the atmosphere of being on the water in a bustling throng of people. $10 dollars for a cruise around the harbor with your drink if you so choose too.I recommend making use of the bar out on the deck area, usually the newbies never wander that far and find the short line here.Over all I give this establishment 4 stars, and if they hired another bartender or two for busy nights it could be a five. Enjoy your summer here, and may the sun always kiss your brow as you sip on the dock of Hot Club.
<review# 527,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/15/2012,9/3/2012,70,481,1,3,3>Bottles impressed the hell out of me. I'd heard stories of how great it is, but I wasn't prepared for how clean and well-kept it is. One thinks liquor store and there's an assumption of bright florescent lights and beer stank. Oh nuh-uh. Not here, sir. Bottles is beautiful inside. Staff is as friendly and as helpful as can be (and not bad on the eyes either). Most impressive is the selection. They have everything. EVERYTHING. Even the rare bottles of booze that I haven't seen since I worked the top flight bars years ago. Great rum and tequila section, as well as so much cool craft beer your head may explode. Prices are very reasonable considering you're in the heart of the East Side. Bravo, Bottles. I hope you're here for a long, long time.
<review# 528,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/22/2012,9/2/2012,56,186,,5,1>In college I worked at a Bagel shop in Narragansett that sold Allie's Donuts and Donut Cakes. Having ordered one way back then, I knew it would be a great option for a coworker's Birthday.I called a few weeks in advance and ordered a Pink high heel cake. They can literally make almost any shape you want. It is awesome!I stopped in this morning to pick it up and it was ADORABLE! Exactly what I wanted. One major snafu...they only take cash! Boo, back to the car I went to drive to the ATM down the street.When I went back, I decided to order a large iced coffee, and this is the portion in my review where Allie's loses a star. $5.34 before tax. For a large iced coffee? The woman helping me did tell me how much it was ahead of time, but still! Was it good? Sure. Was it $5.34 cents good? No. No coffee should be that much!Overall, I will be back to Allie's! Their cakes are too cute (and DELICIOUS) to pass up! Next time I will remember to pack cash!
<review# 529,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/20/2012,9/1/2012,114,236,4,6,6>Clearly, "The Best Facial You Will Ever Have" on a service menu is a bold assertion.  Not only can I vouch for the claim, but I think there needs to be a new word invented for the arsenal of spawesomeness I experienced that "facial" simply does not describe. I'll spare the play-by-play in part because I was brought to a blissed-out, semi-conscious state, and also because the layers of relaxing surprises were part of the fun -- let's just say there's a lot of warm things, good-smelling things, and a wonderful healing touch (from the extraordinary Kristine, on my first-but-not-last visit to Alayne White Spa). I don't think I've ever called out a business' website on Yelp for any other reason than it sucks, but this website is superb. It offers helpful descriptions/FAQ's/videos and clearly conveys the welcoming, no-pressure, cool, service-minded day spa as it presents itself when you walk into the door. Online booking system, I love you. No annoying back-and-forth volleying of availability on the phone; just click around and choose the most perfect time for you. Bravo, ladies! Bra-vo.
<review# 530,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/10/2012,5/29/2012,142,225,5,9,9>Best jukebox in ProvidenceFriendly peopleA true barfly's barNick-A-Nees has perhaps the most impressive collection of blues/country-rock north of the Mason-Dixon line and east of Nashville. The double jukebox is rife with treasures that look as if they took great care to assemble, and I don't mean to surf-search on a WiFi-enabled internet machine.  The juke system is a crown jewel piece of hi-fi excellence, and if this Jewelry District spot needed more to tout, it's ten plays for one thin dollar: SIMPLY UNREAL.  Because it's such a treasure, let me call to your attention some jukebox stand-outs: The Best of The MetersShane MacGowan & The Popes "The Snake" -- the disc that heavily features Johnny Depp on slide-guitarTom Waits "Closin' Time"North Mississippi All-Stars featuring R.L. BurnsideStandards you'll find:Leadbelly, Loretta Lynn, Bob Dylan, Johnny Cash, Waylon Jennings, Merle Haggard, Robert Johnson, Ralph Stanley, Otis ReddingStrangest birds in the bunch:The collection itself is a stand-out from the normal sets you'll find, which means that the five-odd college rock discs that made the cut look out of place. Still, we're talking about Beck, not Chumbawumba. Also, Rod Stewart's "It Had To Be You" has been good for some laughs.Nick-A-Nee's is a true gem that's worth the stop even for teetotalers...but even if you don't drink, their beer prices will tempt you to start.  A sizeable sailfish, a hockey stick coat hanger, and a velvet banquette probably assembled when Buddy Cianci was still in short-pants speak to the décor here.  You might not be bringing your mom here for lunch, but you're definitely bringing your uncle in to knock back a few and help you hustle some friends in pool.What else:  Cash only, Holmes.  Dogs allowed.  Tasty food selections.  Awesome hand-slide shuffleboard.  ATM.  Billiards (with pool tournaments on select days).  Typically one muted TV with the game on.  It they ain't got it, you don't need it.  I love this bar.
<review# 531,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/15/2012,5/28/2012,34,119,4,3,3>I had to wait to write a review for this truck until I got to eat there when sober. I wouldn't want to let the way they're always sitting outside my favourite drinking establishments cloud my judgement.And they're still great!If you haven't eaten here yet, you owe yourself a potato and chorizo taco. (If you're really a sucker for the pork, you can add bacon to it, as a friend of mine always does. He swears it's transcendent.) Personally, I really dig the fresh guacamole and the tasty (also fresh!) salsas, and I like my tacos a little lighter. I tend for the Green Monstah with chicken, or the ground beef with Napalm sauce. (Which is awesome. Put it on everything. Sparingly.)
<review# 532,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/2/2011,5/27/2012,69,159,,5,4>If you felt a pang of regret when Mr. Pocket closed, the twinge of dread for the cross-town trip to get to East Side Pockets to get your pita on, and the general dismay that there is a distinct lack of Middle Eastern flavor on the West End, dry those eyes. In the very spot that was Mr. Pocket now sits King Kabobs. King Kabobs boasts a much brighter and more distinctive outside and interior, welcoming and appetite inducing, with pictures of their food as well as Lebanese landmarks on the warm red and yellow walls. With the grill going and the door open, it was a bit warm temperature-wise, but they were doing a fine job of abating the heat with a 3-foot wide fan.   Their menu consists of lots of tasty items from their grill, from buffalo chicken to more traditional choices like marinated lamb, steak tips, or shrimp, and kufta kabobs. Falafel, grape leaf, kibbeh ball, and lentil and rice dinners. There is even a "Beef Gyro Meat Dinner" served on a bed of rice with tzatziki. Salads like tabbouleh and fattoush, as well as salads made with anything from their grill section. Bakalava for dessert, as well as rice and Grapenut puddings! Their triple chocolate chip cookies were definitely homemade and looked delicious. We came for the pitas. Again, there were American choices like cheeseburger, tuna, steak and cheese, and buffalo chicken pockets amongst the more traditional offerings like falafel, lamb, and kufta. My boyfriend thoroughly enjoyed his Lamb Shish Kabob pocket, a steal at $7.25. I nabbed a Kufta Kabob pocket for $6.75. I told the cook, who was smiley and pleasant, to make them the way he would want them. The results were white pitas (there is also a choice of wheat), rolled up with hummus, lettuce, tomato, onion, and pickles, and topped with my two kufta kabobs and my boyfriend's lamb kabob, both of which were grilled while we waited. As their menu states, they are torpedo sized. A really, really good sandwich. The meat was tasty and well seasoned, and the flavors were really well balanced. Though I might sub out the hummus in favor of tzatziki next time if they'll allow it. With the quality of service we received here, I doubt it will be an issue.  The verdict: Definitely a new favorite for those (frequent) times when we just can't bear the trip across town and down Thayer, the fight for parking, and the (however well-deserved) long lines at East Side Pocket. Tip: There is both a vegetarian wrap and a vegetarian dinner option on the menu.  You know you are in the right place when you can add extra garlic for $.50!Edit: Forgot to add -- King Kabobs delivers for free and is open until 2 a.m.!
<review# 533,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/2/2011,5/26/2012,40,151,2,4,2>I was looking for a spa to treat my girlfriend and I to some decadence the day before my wedding. I found Alayne White Spa and yelp and boy and I glad I did!First, if you haven't been to their website-- GO! If this review doesn't sell you, that will. When I called to talk to someone about my appointment before I went, Alayne herself answered- I recognized her voice from the videos on their website. She was so kind.My friend and I went in for the "Almost better than sex" spa treatment. We received a 2 hour treatment consisting of a full body "spassage" and a full body scrub. They were amazing! The spa was clean, quiet and contemporary. I asked that my friend and I share a room so we could chat but they only had single rooms. At first, I was disappointed, but once my treatment started, I was so relaxed, I couldn't imagine talking to anyone! The price for the treatment was a little expensive, and it seems a lot of their treatments are, but I have to say, that doesn't stop me from wanting to go back. It was worth it! The best spa I have EVER been to!
<review# 534,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/26/2011,5/25/2012,12,27,14,4,4>I'll agree with a few other posters that this is the best burger in Providence. I almost don't want to post that because it will just make the tiny little bar more cramped but I've got to tell the truth. The burgers are awesome. I've had a few other sandwiches there like the turkey kinkaid and a chicken sandwich that was excellent. They have a good beer selection, the service has always been great and it has a great neighborhood bar feel. It is small though so don't be surprised if you show up and have to stand around waiting for a table. The downside for me is the children. Every time I go there some idiot drags in two or three rug rats who just harsh my mellow. I'm there to 'forget about life for a while' as Billy Joel once sang, not listen to your kids cry about wiggles or whatever the hell it is they cry about. Seriously, if your an East Sider with a ginormous jogging stroller/monster-truck wondering why I'm giving you the stink eye, it's because your kid is throwing food at me in a bar. A tavern is defined as an establishment where alcoholic beverages are to be sold and drunk on premises. Does that sound like a great place to bring your kid?  I actually heard one track suited moron ask if they had a kids menu and give the waitress an attitude when she said no. So I say go to the Ivy, eat drink and be merry. And if you drop an F bomb or 3 or tell some story about a buddy of yours who blacked out for three days in NYC and woke up with a venereal disease don't feel bad if a kid overhears it. Children shouldn't be in bars.
<review# 535,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/30/2011,5/24/2012,52,8,7,3,3>God save the freaks. Wacko eclecticism bordering on incoherence, occasionally approaching brilliance, regularly pleasing, surprising, satisfying. Ambitious and evolving beer list and a staff that knows how to sell it.  Service: desultory, as noted by many others, but get known there and it does tend to improve.  Consistency: well, leave that to smaller minds.  A lot of reviewers whining about the wait here (and elsewhere).  Yes, the staff should drag a few patrons out to the curb and club them to free up table space for you, you special little snowflake.  But they probably won't.  Look, the place is popular--lots of people (not just you) want to eat there.  Take that into account before going so you don't get your sense of entitlement ruffled.
<review# 536,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/9/2012,5/23/2012,25,99,1,2,>Before Lim's existed, it was basically and empty storefront in Wayland Square previously occupied by a temporary campaign office.  My husband and I eagerly anticipated what would come into that spot.  Another shop?  A restaurant?  Perhaps a salon?  When we got wind a Thai restaurant was going to open in his former office space, we were incredibly excited, not only because we love Thai food, but because we wanted to see how that bare, stale space would transform into a restaurant!In considering how just the storefront has changed, we were blown away.  It used to be just all glass windows.  I love how they created the brown exterior-believe me when I say it looks so much better now!I didn't take any pictures of the inside since the restaurant itself was kind of small, but it looked beautiful!  It had lots of wooden and gold accents that gave the place a kind of sparkle. The sparkle is even reflected in its menu- I really love the mirror effect of the letters against the brown background!I feel that Lim's is unusual because it offers both Thai dishes and sushi, which is not a combo I have ever seen before but is fantastic for this Thai-loving girl and her sushi-loving husband!One thing that struck me about Lim's is its awesome tableware.  I heart how this dish almost resembles the shape of a lotus flower- I really want these dishes for myself!Even the mug that came with my green tea was striking- the lines of the mug were so interesting, and this is coming from a chica who barely notices things like that!Well enough about the decor and tableware- let's get down to business.  My green tea was a lovely drink to sip as I perused the menu.If there's nime chow on the menu, I am going to get it without a doubt.  However, I didn't spot any of these fresh summer rolls on the appetizer menu.  Instead, I found a dish called "Vegetarian Noodle Wrapped" in the salad section of the menu, described as lettuce, carrot, tofu, scallion, basil leaf, and vermicelli in rice skin with peanut-hoisin sauce.  Since this sounded like nime chow, I went for it.  I think the menu is a bit confusing for the fact they put this dish in the salad section- I am glad I happened to even look there or I would have missed out on one of my favorite things!  No worries though, because I ordered it and dominated it!For my entree, I ordered peanut Massaman curry with tofu and vegetables.  It was perfect.  Tons of veggies, and tons of peanuts- just the way I like it!My friend D offered for me to take a picture of her vegetarian garlic choy, which I believe is a bunch of veggies and tofu in a garlic sesame sauce.  I didn't have a taste, but it looked amazing!I enjoyed about half of my dish served atop of some brown rice.  Overall, the meal got two thumbs up!The Thai food at Lim's is really tasty, and I would go back there in a heartbeat.  It especially wins points for the fact it offers sushi too, which my husband happily indulged in.  It's a bit small, so I recommend calling ahead for reservations if you were ever to go- we only had a ten minute wait but it was also only 6 on a Sunday, which is a time I expected to have no wait at all!
<review# 537,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/13/2011,5/22/2012,23,268,3,4,5>I've seen rave reviews from my fellow yelpers and heard rave reviews from my colleagues at work for Marylou's. I figured i'd give it a shot. When i pulled up to Marylou's i didn't realize it was going to be inside a gas station (dun dun dunnnnnnn....)  which would typically be a "no no" for me but i decided to put my mild case of snobbery aside and push on through. After walking into the store i was drawn in by the pink and black motif and the long list of coffee flavors they had available which change by the day on the white board by the cash register. It took me a minute to compose myself after the excitement with the multitude of options washed over me. I finally settled on the Candycane coffee. I couldn't have been happier with my choice. Not an overly minty flavor a little skim and some splenda and i was the happiest lady on 95N for the duration of my trek to New Hampshire. Couldn't have asked for a better start to my day.
<review# 538,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/23/2012,5/21/2012,183,84,4,3,6>Hot damn I love this place! After moving back east after 13 years of crap pizza in Phoenix, I had the pleasure of moving a block away from Fellini's. And it's an effort to NOT go here twice a day.  All I want is this pizza all up in me all the time.  They have the standards as well as an exciting variety of toppings. If your slice is covered in bacon, you can't go wrong! I waited on line for the special Thanksgiving pizza on 11/24. I've been here at noon and 1 AM. The crust is awesome, the sauce is great.  The crazy New England accents by everyone behind the counter adds to the experience.  These are the big sloppy NY style slices I was missing in the desert.  I couldn't figure out why people couldn't replicate it there.  Probably the same reason there are no decent burrito joints in New England.  I had to trade one for the other, but both are going to make me fat.  Anyhow, Fellini's=fuck yeah pizza!
<review# 539,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/22/2012,5/20/2012,131,218,2,1,1>4 stars for the food, but 5 stars for the atmosphere!First of all, let me just say that this restaurant is beautiful.  High ceilings, exposed wooden beams, and amazing views of either the river and downtown or the bustling kitchen makes this a really lovely place to spend an evening.  The first floor has the bar, but if you go for dinner, I'd definitely request a table on the second floor which seemed more lively to me (plus, that's where the kitchen is!).Bacaro has a huge menu of salads, charcuterie, pastas, pizzas, fish, meats, desserts, etc., and also a tapas menu filled with a ton of different small bites.  We came here for the restaurant week prix fixe, but we just couldn't resist trying one of the tapas dishes.  They all looked so good!  We decided on the duck breast with blueberry chutney on toasted brioche.  It was amazing.  Loved every bite.  Our other food was good, but not as delicious as the duck breast.  I had the pasta con i fungi (basically pasta with poached egg + mushrooms + cheese + butter) which was served perfectly al dente.  Future husband had the crispy chicken over pasta fagioli which was decent but a little bland.  For dessert we had the doughnuts filled with a Nutella type sauce and the quince and apple crisp with caramel ice cream.  The crisp, which came out piping hot, was by far the better dessert.We will definitely be coming back to Bacaro, but next time I think we'll stick to the tapas menu!
<review# 540,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/18/2011,10/27/2011,12,16,,1,1>I called Friday afternoon to make a reservation for 10 people that evening around 8pm, and surprisingly enough they could accommodate us. I ended up calling back a few times to change the time of the reservation as well as the number of people, and the hostess was very helpful and pleasant.Dinner was delicious. Calamari, mussels, and skewers for appetizers passed around the table were gone pretty quickly. They gave us french fries with some sort of sauce to start, which were also very good, and one person from our party ended up ordering them with his meal. Half the table ordered a few sushi rolls and shared, and they were nothing short of awesome. The birthday girl ordered a roll that was not what she had expected, and the server brought her over the correct roll, free of charge. As waitresses/bartenders ourselves, we were thoroughly pleased and impressed with her going above and beyond for us. All in all a 4 start night, will be back again.
<review# 541,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/13/2011,10/26/2011,261,199,2,6,4>Pretty much go here every week...why? because it rocks my socks.Love the family that works here! They are seriously the hardest working and nicest people ever. They remember who I am and what I want and that is the kind of service you get from a family run restaurant. Always greeted with a smile!The grape leaves here are ridiculously delicious and the spinach wrap is totally melt in your mouth goodness. Prices are completely reasonable and they have a pretty big menu which includes sandwiches, pizzas and other tasty treats. There is street parking and they have a small dine in area. Off to the side is a bar. If you need a little pick me up for your tummie, this is your kinda place!
<review# 542,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/6/2011,10/25/2011,5,6,13,11,9>You guys: The Beef Barn is awesome. For so many reasons. 1. The outside. Have you ever seen such roadside loveliness? It looks like a barn for chrissakes. A big beautiful barn, full of beef. And there is even a tractor outside. Americana at it's finest. Go ahead, get your picture taken sitting on the tractor. You know you want to. (Also, on the way up on 146, keep your eye out for the sweet freakin' milk jug shaped building on the right.) 2. The inside. Agricultural diner decor at it's best. Seating options include counter service, the silo, or my personal favorite, the chicken coop (do not sit in chicken coop if you have a fear of birds, especially stuffed birds.) 3. The food. Greasy, heart attack inducing, perfect. I pine for this place when I am drunk, pissed off, or hormonal. A grilled cheese, fries, and massive pickle (so big it comes on it's own plate!) can fix pretty much anything. 4. The prices. I went here a few days ago. There were five of us, and the bill was 28 dollars. 28 dollars! Totally worth the drive. My only complaint (and it's a super minor one) is that this place isn't open late nights. It would be the perfect place to go after a double feature at the Rustic. But there's always Coffee and Cream for late night grease (right next door.) In conclusion, if you don't like this place you're probably a jerk.
<review# 543,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/23/2011,10/24/2011,48,138,,6,2>Went here for lunch and discovered that there are so many things on the menu for half-price!  (Only Mon-Thurs, I think)  I ordered a burger and it was cooked exactly how I asked and came with a beautiful sourdough bun.  They have a ton of sides you can choose from, so you aren't stuck with just fries.  Although their fries are amazing. Definitely will go there for lunch again!
<review# 544,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/26/2011,10/23/2011,15,52,4,5,7>I don't even understand how they make vegan soft serve like this. I don't even understand how Providence actually has a VEGAN food truck at all. How did this happen?? I don't care because I'm so stoked. When my friends first told me about it I thought they were lying to me.So anyway, the first time I see it is on Waterman St., and I jumped at the chance to try it. I got vanilla soft serve with peanut butter and oreos and chocolate, oh my god. It was so good. You also get a generous portion for a reasonable price. I could eat this stuff every day but thankfully I don't. I GUESS.Oh, and the truck owner is totally cool. Yay.
<review# 545,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/29/2011,10/22/2011,142,225,2,6,4>Broadway Bistro makes efficient use of several elements that could otherwise be limiting factors.  Parking is on-street only, but no lot is needed.  Small space, but virtually every table is a good one.  The drink menu has its bounds, but most everything you'd want is there.  The menu is limited, but boasts an impressive rotation of impeccable, creative, tasty food.  Two menu items that typically get play in some guise or another, of which I can't get enough, are the Ribs & Grits appetizer and entrees that include a foundation of their house-made gnocchi.  Each are Killer with a Kapital K, friend.  Their seasonal pulled-pork gnocchi is such a non sequitur, and such a flavorful, comforting, fulfilling revelation, that it would immediately pop to mind if I found myself answering a prison warden what I wanted as my last meal on earth.Ever-so-mild downsides are 1) the mentioned-in-other-reviews draftiness on very cold nights by the door, especially if people are waiting for a table on a busier night.  It can occasionally break up the cozy, intimate vibe you likely came here for, but it's also not a major problem, and comes with the territory in a small space.  2) I almost feel like the TV tuned to ESPN above the bar, which I normally welcome, just feels out of place here - the ambience is the kind I want to soak up, and really concentrating on my date and my meal are the goals.  My male brain keeps wanting to check on the score, and I feel guilty and distracted.Extra points for the helpful and friendly staff (who have made grabbing take-out here a seamless and enjoyable process), the wonderful coziness of the space, the chef-owner's creativity and consistency, and the bound signature books for commentary that you're presented with as an after-meal feedback option.  My guess is that if you record your commentary there, it's 1) actually referenced by the owner, and 2) of a positive nature.  I find myself frequently complimenting what I just ate, and begging for a return of something I've had previously.A stop here is a surefire cuisine bet, and likely a great little highlight in your night.
<review# 546,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/24/2011,10/21/2011,34,13,18,9,4>Tip. DO NOT GO HERE THURSDAY NIGHT. My wife and I like this place a lot. Good food, nice atmosphere, pleasant and attentive servers. And the 4 stars represents what I would normally give. But we just had the worst thing happen, and I felt it needed to be shared with my fellow yelpers. Apparently there is a large group of runners that come directly to the pub after a weekly run. Luckily we were finishing up dinner and could bail in a hurry, but the smell this group put out was revolting at best. Apparently, according to the restaurant, they come in like that every week, and every week it smells that bad. I mean, who does that? Goes to a restaurant after a work out? That isn't just a gross thing to do, it is downright impolite. I work out, but i make sure I shower and put on some fresh deodorant before other people have the chance to smell me. I certainly don't go out to a dining establishment. Let alone with 15 of my equally smelly friends.  If you are one of the runners, and reading this... please stop. It is disgusting and ruins everyone else's dinner.
<review# 547,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/21/2011,10/20/2011,81,361,,4,2>I wish I could give 10 stars. My boyfriend and I agree that our meal was among the top 5 that we have ever had.  Saint Cosme Cot-duRhone was fantastic with our starter of oysters, meals of steak and monk fish and dessert of chocolate ganache with coffee gelato. Service was helpful, friendly and unintrusive. Love being able to see Chef's collection of elite cookbooks above the view into the kitchen. Wish Chef would have won in his nomination for best new chef in New England in recent Food & Wine poll. He is more than deserving.
<review# 548,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/16/2011,10/19/2011,32,94,3,4,2>this is one of those places that makes living in bristol that much cooler. in a town that's already home to some of the BEST yardsaling in the country (fact? i don't know but it can't get much better than bristol for yardsales), there is this antique/thrift store that will still surprise and delight even the most jaded connoisseur.  the PRICES are amazing. but if something is a little out of your range, just wait a few weeks, and it will come down by a certain percentage. they have a "mantiques" section that is full of cool old beer paraphernalia, old tools, automotive things, golfing stuff, and dude-type literature.they have a fantastic kitchen/appliances area, sometimes getting really old electric ovens from the 50s, sweet antique kitchen aids, and various oddities along with other typical things like mugs, tea kettles, ADORABLE vintage aprons, books and records..they have just tons and tons of cool stuff from planters and pots to old fabric, and rugs...and beautiful antique furniture for VERY REASONABLE prices.they are always playing fun retro music when you walk in too. sometimes 80s, sometimes classics like elvis and roy orbison. i really can't stress enough how great this place is.the selection is ALWAYS interesting!!!  and i love, love, love that one kid who works there that wears the craziest clothes.  he's kind of irrelevant i guess to this post, but i feel like he is a side attraction to the store.  i generally enjoy his awesome outfits.
<review# 549,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/26/2011,10/18/2011,54,196,6,7,6>Just what I needed!  A cheap breakfast place with great food.  It is a nice change of pace from our usual breakfast ventures, where we usually are waiting 45 mins and feel like we should have been wearing ripped tights...We took the motorcycle down to the Liberty Elm Diner one cloudy morning, and immediately were welcomed to sit at the bar.  Families were enjoying their breakfasts, and the clients at the bar were incredibly friendly to talk to.  Nice, simple breakfast, without having to break the bank or wait in line for 45 mins.  However,   I do miss my irish coffee with Jameson!
<review# 550,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/28/2011,11/27/2011,112,158,,8,4>I just recently saw Frank Black (of The Pixies) here and I have to say it was the venue that made the show.  Frank Black, who I normally love, was only average that night.  The decor was awesome - like aesthetically pleasing garbage.  There was this one piece called "Yellow Cloud".  No joke - it was some yellow/gold fabric rigged up to look like a cloud on the ceiling.  They stuck a light inside and called it art.  Also, there were christmas lights everywhere.  It reminded me of my old bedroom from when I was in the 8th grade.But seriously, it looked pretty good.The stage seemed small, but good for a solo act or open mic.  They have a small menu, I had some zucchini fries and aside from being too hot to eat for the first half hour they were pretty good - much better than average bar food.  Prices were reasonable.Definitely a place to check out if you haven't been yet.
<review# 551,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/29/2011,11/26/2011,21,45,,4,2>In short, Chez Pascal makes my heart skip a beat and always has. From the very first time my fiancee and I ventured through the doors to expand our restaurant repertoire to every subsequent time following, it has always remained tops in our book. It's one of those places that I love so much that I want to keep it all to myself - but the food here is too good to not share! The menu changes with the seasons and the chef & lady of the house are intimately involved in the local food scene by way of farmer's markets, cooperatives, and local artisans. They strive to keep their food honest and top notch and do so by making a lot of stuff in-house: chacuterie, sausages, pates, pickled items, relishes, mustards, etc. The chef, Matt Gennuso, gets a whole hog each week and does the butchering himself - he's quite passionate about the pig and if you're a first timer to the restaurant then I recommend trying his local pork of the day; the waiter or waitress will fill you in on what it is when they come to tell you about the specials. My favorite item on the menu is the duck and it just about brings a tear to my eye every time. The skin on the leg confit is crisped to perfection and the fat layer underneath is liquified and explodes with flavor in your mouth! The duck breast is sliced into perfect rosy medallions that are both tender and flavorful. The reduction sauce on the duck changes from time to time to keep the dish relevant to the season; the accompaniments also change. The salads and soups on the menu change seasonally and are always worth a try as are the desserts. The wine list is excellent and the cocktails are very well made (the bartender is really amazing!). The waitstaff are incredible and serve to enhance the atmosphere - they are knowledgable so don't be afraid to pick their brains if you've got a question about a particular item or bottle/glass of wine; they have never steered me in a bad direction. In closing: The food is honest, thoughtful & prepared with great care, and the dishes are consistent from one trip to the next. A must for sure if you're a foodie! Try the pear upside down cake for dessert, you won't be disappointed! extra credit: The hot dog cart located across the street in Lippit Park in the afternoons is run by the restaurant as is the lunch truck called Hewtin's Dogs mobile - give them a try as they are both delicious!
<review# 552,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/3/2011,11/25/2011,70,106,1,2,1>Thanks for my fellow yelpers, I had our first Venezuelan meal - DELICIOUS! Corn cakes... they are like a marriage of tortilla and pancake in butter. I had the shrimp arepa. There were LOTS of medium-size shrimps cooked in a light creamy sauce. My husband ordered the beef arepa with a side salad with LOTS of avocado. We then drenched our food with the Guasacaca sauce (the best sauce invented ever). We breathed in our food in minutes. These guys can COOK!Very friendly service and food comes out at a reasonable time. I can't wait to go back and try out more of their dishes!
<review# 553,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/18/2011,11/24/2011,8,22,,2,2>This place, in a nutshell, is awesome. The drinks are inventive and fresh (reminds me of Cook & Brown) and the space is out of this world. You feel like Daisy in the Great Gatsby upon entry into the historic bank building that is completely ornate and romantic in style. We went for drinks and saw the menu and decided we needed to try some apps. So we got the sweetbreads, ceviche and a sweet potato special that came with caviar. To be honest, I've had more delicious sweetbreads - ones that melt in your mouth and you feel gluttonous eating them - these were not they. BUT, the sweet potato special was stunning and quite unique. The ceviche was fine - not stellar, but tasty. I will definitely be going back to this place for the cocktails, ambiance and friendly bartenders. And I will definitely be sampling their menu some more. Yeehaw! So happy to have a prohibition-style, classy gin joint in Providence! Booze is back.
<review# 554,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/6/2011,11/23/2011,239,181,2,4,4>Cook and Brown, one of the best in town. (You like that?) No lie, but their dishes are beyond delicious. My gf and I were on the hungry side when we hit C&B for the first time, but we elected to go with the liquid appetizer. Their beer selection is pretty good even by gastropub standards.Now with the entree, I elected to go with the Poached Bluefish with peas, quinoa and cauliflower. I will admit, I am not a fan of the cauliflower and I had no idea what quinoa is. (Thanks Kish for explaining it to me). Wow I took one bit of the cauliflower and it was delicious. Now, bluefish has a lot of fish oil in it, which will give fish that "fishy" taste, so if that is not for you I would stay away. The fish was great with the dark ale I had. The desserts looked good but my gf and I were stuffed. The portions at C&B were just right. If you don't eat like a bird, don't expect any leftovers though. C&B is a smaller restaurant (A little over a dozen tables including outside seating) so I can see if it is a busy night that you might be looking at a wait.C&B is one of the best restaurants in Providence, period.
<review# 555,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/13/2011,11/22/2011,53,70,2,3,3>Holy wow this was good!Been meaning to come here for years and finally decided to do a little waterfire and dinner date.  They have complimentary valet parking - which was key on this waterfire saturday!Our waiter was fantastic.  I'm terrible with names, but he had a great big smile with everything we ordered and was particularly helpful in choosing a few oysters to start.  I do love those PEI ones.So, we started with a few oysters - awesome! - and then I had a delicious salad with poached egg and blue cheese.  Really, really good.  For an entree, I chose the salmon.  The wife HATES the stuff, so I usually get it while the getting's good when we go out.  They cooked in beautifully and I ate just about every bite.I can't report on the dessert as I had had my fill on apps and entree (and perhaps a cocktail) but would love to go back and try for the whole experience.
<review# 556,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/3/2011,11/21/2011,193,262,,5,1>Oh, The Hot Club! I've been a Hot club patron for many years. It's one of my favorite places to go relax near the water without having to drive to South County.There are a few things I most enjoy about the Hot Club: 1. The Deck:  The Hot Club is one of the only bars in Providence where you can enjoy a beer outside and feel like you're near the ocean. OK, I admit, some of the garbage in the water is unsightly, but I'm a bit forgiving when the sun starts to set and the sky is illuminated blue with the yellow hue haloing the silhouetted Smoke Stacks. I just get this feeling of Calm... 2. The Employees: Everyone who works at this bar has always been very friendly. Admittedly, I have known many of the employees before that have/still work here, but even the ones I don't know personally are super inviting and chatty. :D3. The Overall feel: This place is great because it attracts all kinds of people, from young, old, white collar, blue collar, regulars, and occasionals. There tends to be 3 types of crowds. The lunch crowd, after work, and the evening dwellers. At any given time, there is a hodge-podge of characters about.The PEOPLE that I meet at the HC is really was catches me. I have met so many funny random people. Everyone is super friendly.4. The Food: I almost always order a Willow Tree Chix Salad Sandwich. On adventurous days, I'll get their Chili Dog. It's definitely spicy, so watch out! :D--- Notes:1. The busiest day tends to be in the spring/summer on Friday after work if the temperature is  warm.  Every one is itching to socialize and decompress from the work week.2. Parking can get a little difficult on busy days. There are other bars/restaurants in the area as well. If the lot is full, there is street parking, but keep an eye on posted signs for handicapped or no park zones.3. If you have a motorcycle, there is parking on the street in front of the bar.4. The HC always hosts different things weekly like Karaoke and Trivia.A must go check out!
<review# 557,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/16/2011,11/20/2011,231,95,3,9,1>Faaaancy pants. I knew it was a fancy dinner when my boyfriend asked me to get all dressed up for it. It was my surprise birthday dinner so I had no idea that this is where we'd end up. Honestly, it was one of the best meals I've ever had. Period. Exclamation point. The location of this place is my only meh since it's so tucked into a building that you'll almost drive right past it. Once you walk in though, it gets pretty awesome. The service here was by far, one of my favorite things. Our waiter Jarred was prompt but wasn't bothersome. He gave us some fantastic suggestions and was so attentive throughout the entire meal. Now for the good stuff. We skipped an appetizer. Their menu highlighted their steak selection so much that I don't even remember what they had to offer for an appetizer. I jumped right to steaks menu. Automatically, I knew what I was getting: Ribeye Steak. For the sides, I had already decided what I wanted and so did Ryan..then we realized that we should share and I chose the Sweet Potato Casserole and Creamed Spinach ( pretty southern, I know.) Holy crap, the Sweet Potato Casserole was something that I would probably order as a meal. The whipped potatoes were buttery with the right amount of sweetness but what really made this dish was a very delectable pecan crumble. I spent about 10 mins trying to break down the components of the crumble and I'll make the prediction that they probably added some hazelnuts to it. If you come to this place, GET THIS SIDE DISH. Not to be overlooked, the Creamed Spinach tasted great too but you can't really gush too much about Creamed Spinach when a Sweet Potato Casserole is eying you from across the table. For my steak, I went with the Ribeye cooked Medium. TIP: They bring out the steaks on a sizzling plate (of butter) so take into consideration some carry-over cooking.) Because of this, the next time I go here (when I can afford it ) I'd get my steak cooked Medium Rare.This was amazing. One of the best steaks I've ever had. Cooked well, perfectly charred crust and simply seasoned.For dessert, we went southern again with a Bread Pudding with a delicious whiskey sauce (creme anglaise style). There was definitely a nice bite of whiskey in the sauce and although I was wicked full from the dinner, this was the perfect ending to a fantastic dinner.This place is fantastic, everything from the service, food and ambiance. Everyone should be treated to a night out at Ruth's Chris at some point...I'm just glad I had my chance this weekend for my birthday. :)
<review# 558,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/6/2011,11/19/2011,36,56,,3,3>As far as I am concerned, pancakes are the ultimate comfort food. Louis does em up right. All the pancakes can be made up vegan style, but what is really great - they don't lack anything in the tast department. Or you can get them the old fashioned way if that floats your boat. The pumpkin pancakes were fluffy and so full of those warm autumn spices. It  warmed me right up on a chilly January morning. $3.80 for a short stack more than sufficiently filled me up!My breakfast date had easily the largest omlette I have ever laid eyes on.  It was the size of a small child. Immense! The home fries were very good too.60 years family owned and operated is no small feat. One of my favorite breakfast spots!
<review# 559,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/1/2011,11/18/2011,599,211,15,19,17>"Work out your own salvation. Do not depend on others."  - BuddhaI was pleasantly surprised when I recently visited the Salvation Cafe to see they've been "born again" with a divine renovation and remodel. From what I hear, I had just missed the Bruce Willis Moonrise rap party. The summer folks will typically visit the island two, maybe three times before they realize the Salvation Cafe is here. They seem to enjoy Thames St. where it is cluttered with trendy and overcrowded bars, such as the Red Parrot and Christie's. Rarely will they venture around to Broadway, the so-called, "seedy part of town." Tourists are often surprised to learn about Newport's working class, homelessness and drug crisis but when you live here, you see it everyday.The Salvation Cafe is known predominantly for its cultured aesthetic and "pious" aniconic landmark and for being the place of choice for locals. I wish I could say the same for their food, they could certainly enhance their meatless food choices but they've built a fine reputation with their Pad Thai, chickpea frites, crispy spinach and Salvation Sangria. They offer a creative bar menu and lordy-be, you won't want to leave without trying the Chocolate Banana Purses (with ice cream); a slice of heaven. Speak in tongues of men and angels; the children will snicker.If you are visiting with little ones, the back room with the large soothing fountain is ideal with its calming effects. My best friend has three (young) kids and when they come to visit, I take them to Salvation for the scorpion drink. It's a big glowing spider bowl, bubbling and overflowing with a sweet witch's brew. Their eyes get real big and light up when the server brings one to each of them while spilling a spooky tale; it entrances them. They also enjoy the musical vintage waterfall art in the ladies room and insist they have to "go" many times throughout the evening, just so they can get another look.I once had a private party for a friend here and they were very accommodating. I baked the desserts to bring in and there was no fuss about it. They didn't charge us slicing or platting fees and they were extremely kind when we became a bit too loud with our Om ceremony.The imagination and love that has gone into this place will surely see its reward in the after life. If you go, ask to walk around, sit in several chairs, have a seat at the bar, visit the restroom, go out back to the cabana bar and be sure to peek in at the clean kitchen. There is much to see and the endless creativity will inspire you.
<review# 560,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/27/2011,4/16/2011,70,481,6,7,6>I am yet another gushing Gus in a parade of "wow, I can't believe this f*ing place exists and I never went here before today" people. It really is a great museum, easily on par with Boston's MFA and without all the crowds and hassle that the MFA brings. (True, I was here off peak on a Friday morning.)(And liked it so much we went back the next day!)We got in fuh fuh fuh free both days, one on a pass and one on a free Saturday. How about that? I love getting cool stuff for free. Normal admission is a measly $10.The collection is surprisingly thorough and diverse. Great Greek, medieval, and eastern collection...the giant Buddha is not to be missed. They've got an Egyptian mummy, a Van Gogh, and lots of great odds and ends from history.One star off: hard to park down here, and the some of guards who watch over the galleries could be less obtrusive in the experience; I resent being eyeballed by mean old geezers when I'm looking at art. And we never did find the store. It's in some mystery location, but I'm convinced that it does exist. Aside from these drawbacks, it's a nice place.
<review# 561,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/5/2011,4/14/2011,51,144,3,6,3>One of the hardest parts about moving to a new city is finding a great hair stylist. This was amplified about a thousand times for me because I had been going to the same stylist for pretty much my entire life growing up (in the DC area). I tried a few places around Providence and North Attleboro that were just so-so before booking an appointment at the Coiffurium. I decided on this salon because they carry a lot of products that I like (Bumble & Bumble, Moroccanoil) and the receptionists have always been really nice when I've made a purchase.I called on a Thursday morning in early December and was able to get an appointment for that Saturday for a cut and color with Sheetal. I arrived at the salon and was warmly greeted. Sheetal was running right on time (yay!) and sat me down in her chair for a consult before getting to work. I love that she asked me to describe exactly what I wanted in a cut and let me look over different swatches before deciding on a color. She was knowledgeable, sweet, and very professional. I also liked that she made some suggestions, but still listened to what I wanted. The overall experience was relaxing and I left feeling like a million bucks (the way you're supposed to feel after a getting a new 'do!). I got a great cut that has lasted over 6 weeks and healthy, shiny color. My only complaint is that Sheetal was very pregnant (due in January), which means she's now out on maternity leave and I have to wait until she gets back to schedule a trim! She reassured me that my color formula and product information would be recorded in their computer system if I decided to return before she was back at work. Talk about amazing customer service! I felt the price was more than reasonable for the quality of services provided and will definitely be back once Sheetal returns! I'm so relieved to have finally found a new stylist right here in my own neighborhood.
<review# 562,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/13/2010,4/13/2011,69,185,1,9,6>So sad that Rhode Island yelpers don't know the difference between Chihuahua cheese and American cheese.  No, nothing has cheddar on it.  What you're tasting is authentic Mexican-style melting cheese.  This place is not the best Mexican food I've ever eaten, but it is a decent place to get Mexican without heavy spice.  Consequently, my kids loved it.  Even the salsa wasn't spicy, but it was still full of fresh tomatoes and had a nice flavor.  My infant daughter devoured the enchilada.Sometimes, getting Mexican shouldn't involve getting a baby-sitter.  That's why I'll be back.
<review# 563,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/19/2011,4/12/2011,493,313,3,5,6>And fun was had by all.When the restaurant stops serving meals the place turns into a bar / dance club of sorts. Last Saturday was no different. The place was hopping and the DJ was popping. He seemd to have an endless supply of hip, fun, danceable music. The bartenders (Will and his twin brother) make a damn fine cocktail and are great with customer service. Be sure to stop in and check out the action on a Thursday, Friday or Saturday night. You will be glad that you did.
<review# 564,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/27/2011,4/11/2011,315,240,4,6,7>I finally got to visit the most visited tourist attraction in Newport and in all of Rhode Island, the ridiculously beautiful Breakers.It is almost unbelievable what ostentatious spending brought you in the late 1800s. It is even harder to believe that the whole house was built and planned entirely in only two years. The serious attention to detail everywhere in the house is just phenomenal. The craftsmanship is just out of this world. Everything from the hardwood floors laid out meticulously as if it were a quilt, to the mosaics, to the china. I found myself at times just staring at the most ordinary things in the house, such as doorknobs and wicker chairs in complete awe of the sheer talent it takes to create something that detailed.My favorite spots in the house were:- The Music Room: I absolutely loved the beautiful color scheme in the room: a rich orange red paired with yellow gold, blue gray, and tinges of silver.- Cherub Doorway: I loved the cherub doorway with the two cherubs with Mercury, the Roman God for Speed. Having such iconic symbols like Mercury and cherubs paired with icons of Vanderbilt's Railroad and Steamship industries (each cherub had a railroad spike and an anchor respectively) is just so interesting and slightly ridiculous at the same time! To put it in perspective, it's as if Steve Jobs had cherubs interacting with iPods and iMacs in his house!- Library: The hand stippling of gold leaf into the walls to simulate a book cover is such a beautiful concept, and a perfect example of extreme attention to detail!I am so inspired by all of these details and more, but I am genuinely upset that no photography whatsoever was allowed in the house. While in the gift shop, I was trying hard to find a nice image of the music room to keep as inspiration, but the closest I could find was a postcard which was too small and a photograph in a Newport Mansions book that didn't give the room justice. Lucky for me as a local, I can return again at another time but I could see how upsetting that could be for a visitor to not be able to capture memories or inspiring details in such a grand place like the Breakers.Breathtaking. This mansion is a definite must see for locals and tourists alike in Newport.
<review# 565,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/25/2011,4/10/2011,114,236,3,4,5>Amazing selection? - It's a small place, so not reallyIncredible prices? - good deals here and there, but not reeeallySuper-organized? - well, there are distinct liquor/beer/wine areas, but no, not reeeeallyBut who cares - I LOVE IT HERE. The experience of booze-buying at Medeira just doesn't fit the usual criteria. It's just its own cool, quirky thing. *I love the family factor - there are often two family members behind the counter, attentive but also hanging out, usually multi-tasking other random things, always in a pleasant mood, sense of humor. *They tape little reviews and ratings from magazines all over the wines, everywhere - it makes me smile.*There -are- a bunch of Portuguese wines to explore. And for a little place, a lot of interesting beers. Best of all, they carry one of my current fave red wines called "The Show" (both a malbec and a cab blend) - I can't find it ANYWHERE else. *The vibe in here on a Friday night is fun, everyone excited for the weekend and stocking up on libations. Maybe you feel that energy because it *is* a small, cool place in a student neighborhood. Why question, though?, I just know I don't get that sensation in the endless aisles of Gasbarros - so I keep coming.
<review# 566,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/28/2011,4/9/2011,2102,948,5,11,7>I honestly didn't think it was possible for me to love a Whole Foods more than I do the one on North Main St., but here in Cranston, they have bested the best! Firstly - THE PARKING!!! There is so much room to park, and there is never, ever a parking war like the ones on North Main and Waterman in Providence. They've figured it out here, and it's very much appreciated by Yours Truly. Upon entering, it's a magical land of produce. Gorgeous, fresh, well-displayed produce. I am never overwhelmed, can always find what I'm looking for, and the space is immaculate and ample. Good way to start. They've got a great meat counter - if you're looking for specialty sausages, this is the place to come. They have chorizo, linguica, and every cut of meat imaginable. It's a huge display case, and the butchers are friendly, speedy & knowledgeable. I love the beauty section. This is like a store within a store - I could spend hours in here, kids. It's (again) well organized and displayed in large, spacious rows and everything is clean and pretty and I want it all. Soaps, shampoos, toothpaste, make up - also clothes & hats. They have it all! It's totally fab. Now, for my favorite section - CHEESE. This area is enormous and the cheesemonger is THE MAN. There is every kind of cheese conceivable, and also, they make this dip here -- I swear this is what heaven is. It's garlicy, spreadable, and magnificent. I can't get enough. Love it. They also have a great selection of teas, which is key for me as I am a tea drinker who happens to be quite finicky. What?This is my favorite grocery store in the world - my hus and I make a special weekend trip out of it because it's like a time-warp once you get in. Love it. Love. It.
<review# 567,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/30/2011,4/8/2011,0,19,1,6,4>We are vegetarian and both had the veggie burger with onion rings and fries.  We were both in the mood for this type of food (which is rare) and we were pleasantly surprised.  The veggieburger must be their own recipe because it is thick and very flavorful - not like any that I have had before.The atmosphere is excellent.
<review# 568,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,3/30/2011,4/7/2011,40,210,,4,1>I've enjoyed everything I have had at Taste of India, although it's not the very best Indian I've had.  I have only eaten dinner and gotten take-out, so I can't speak to the lunch buffet - based on other reviews the buffet may be more problematic (perhaps they deserve seperate rankings!).  Service-wise, the restaurant isn't ever packed so service is prompt and the food comes out quickly. The thing that keeps me coming back to Taste of India is that the menu has icons for 'vegan' and 'gluten-free' entrees, which I really appreciate. FYI, they serve alcohol now so don't bring your own!
<review# 569,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/31/2011,4/6/2011,9,18,,2,1>Why does this place get such terrible reviews? Maybe I just haven't been in enough times/tried enough things/used the bathroom yet, but it seems great to me. I'm currently vegan, so it's nice to find a place that doesn't smother everything in cheese, cream, bacon, etc. On the other hand, Zog offers a wide range -- you could get a salad (huge) and smoothie (delicious, made on the spot from real fruit) while your dining partner gets a cheesy, meaty omelette (served with fruit and a bagel.) Health/nutrition seems to be a focus here, which is great... With the exception of soups and bread/pastries, food is generally fresh, prepared on-site, and full of fruits and veggies. Only con is the price -- but that's just me being whiny, as it's pretty standard. Great breakfast/brunch/lunch/snack joint!
<review# 570,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/20/2011,10/6/2011,13,18,3,8,4>Coolest cigar shop EVAH! Not only can you smoke cigars, pipes and what not they allow you to BYOB, have free wireless, comfy couches, nice glasses for drinks, a beautiful stone top bar to hang out at, poker table complete with chip set and a wonderful ambiance. WOAH! I wish I lived closer because I would frequent this place more often. Also, did I mention they sell great product and have a TON of selection? Ya, this place is the best EVAH!Right now, there is a dude on bass and guitar, so I have some live jazzy type music to listen to as I type this review. Come check this spot out.
<review# 571,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/20/2010,10/5/2011,68,635,5,2,2>Well, we stumbled into Seven Star by sheer luck.  We were waiting for LJ's to open up (go see that review and then stay at Seven Star).  Anyway, we walked in and wham, oh the carbohydrate dream.  What a scene.  All of those fresh baked little goodies.  We decided to spread it around.  I got a scone, the wife got a pecan maple sweet roll (not the real name) and a chocolate banana muffin for the daughter.To be honest, scones all though simple to make, it is hard to find a good one.  This one was fantastic.  The Pecan Maple thing my wife was eating must have been great.  She got this look in her eyes that at one moment was kind of blissful, and at the next moment (that would be the moment i asked for a bit) very scary.  I am pretty sure if it had legs and an income I would have been kicked to the curb as her husband.  I now know 'what a woman wants' and it is at Seven Star.  She was nice enough to let me have a bite and it was fantastic.  The muffin was fantastic.  The banana was just a hint and did not overpower.The other fresh baked bread just looked amazing.  This place has my vote.
<review# 572,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/20/2011,10/4/2011,56,186,,2,2>I found Marley's on a trip to Iggy's (It is right next door). The line was too long for Iggy's and my boyfriend did not want to wait, so he dragged me into Marley's. What a great surprise! It is in the perfect location, right on the beach. There were a handful of people inside, but we asked to sit on the patio in the back, which was quite cute!The food is good, the drink menu is fun and the outdoor seating area with  live music is a lot of fun. My boyfriend had the chowder and clam cakes, and said they were great, so if you do not feel like waiting for Iggy's, Marley's is a great little spot!
<review# 573,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/28/2011,10/3/2011,40,151,2,5,2>I've had my hair cut once, colored once and my eyebrows waxed here once. I had my hair cut by Normand and I would give it 4.5 stars. I liked the cut fine but I liked it better 2 weeks later when it had grown out a little. I went back two weeks later for a touch up on my color. I would rate the color 4.5 stars as well. Normands know his way around hair and color, but I can't say I left the salon with the WOW factor. But let's be realistic, I didn't expect Normand to cut and color my hair and then whip me around in the salon chair to reveal a totally different looking woman. Nope, when he whips me around for the big reveal, and luckily I'm still me. I just look a little fresher.Normand is a great, consistant stylist. I believe he DOES have the ability to transform you, if that's your wish, but it's not mine.Now on the the waxing: So, I recently moved here and right before I left my other city I found THE BEST eyebrow waxer I had ever been to. So, I knew going in that I shouldn't automatically compare this experience with that one. The gentleman who is usually behind the counter waxed my eyebrows for me. It in no way compared to my old waxer, but it was a decent job and I wasn't all red and tender afterwards, so I would give it 3 stars.The overall decor in Hairspray is a little questionable. Its a lot a mix matched blues and the terrible yellow. Because the salon is located in a basement it has low ceilings and this paired with the color (scheme?) makes the salon feel dark and a little on the dingy side. But they try to make up for that by blasting contemporary pop music over the loud speakers. So, it's kinda funky. They have local artists work displayed on their walls which is nice, but honestly the whole place could use a good coat of primer and a new paint job.The pricing at Hairspray is reasonable, I guess. Women's cuts are only $40, but I thought the color was a little pricey at  $80 for only a partial highlight. One major turn off for me is that the salon is located down a flight of stairs and I don't see anyway that it is differently-abled accessible.
<review# 574,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/1/2011,10/2/2011,331,340,3,3,4>What a cool little place. During my 1st trip eva to Fall Riva, a friend took me here for some authentic Portuguese food, and a questionable milky green alcoholic bevvy. Upon walking in, it was pretty quiet, except for the old guys at the bar speaking in their native tongue. My friends imitations were spot on! I finally got what he has been talking about! :)  I let him do the ordering. It was all amazing. We had a steak w an egg on it, I couldn't for the life of me tell you what it was called, but it was GOOD. We also had the pork w the little necks. Also, great. It was pretty quiet for a Monday afternoon after a hurricane, and Im sure this place gets packed. I'll be looking forward to anotha trip to the Riva for this place.
<review# 575,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/23/2011,10/1/2011,44,172,4,5,3>Al Forno's is a Providence institution.  This is a phenomenal restaurant that marches to the beat of its own drummer: so come with an open mind.One: no reservations.  Walk in, maybe you'll wait, maybe you won't (yeah, you probably will).  Be prepared to saunter up to one of their bars (indoor and outdoor) and spend some time relaxing with your companions over a cocktail or two.  This is an all-evening meal, not a 'before the 8pm performance' dinner.Two: the staff is really young.  "Don't you have your PSATs to study for?" young.  Not the entire staff, but a large enough proportion to make me question if Al Forno's offers a boarding school for those wanting to to get into the culinary biz.  Don't get me wrong - these guys are still great, but they are somewhat lacking in experience which can cause a few wrinkles now and again in the flow of your meal.Three: get dessert.  It must be ordered with your meal- but pace yourself through the mandatory grilled pizza and whatever else your little heart desires; portion off your entree for left overs if you must, but get dessert!Four:  go more than once and always try something different.  On this week's visit I ordered the pappardelle with rabbit.  Definitely fresh, homemade ribbons with eye-rolling sauce and flavor.  We split two desserts between 5, and it was the perfect end.Five: in the summer, sit outside if you can.  Gem of al fresco Providence at Al Forno!
<review# 576,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/4/2011,9/29/2011,36,192,5,5,3>Pork belly n kimchi on a Portugese sweet role? Sign me the fuck up. For only $3 it may be the best value in food. The sweet fries are amazing and the dumplings are some of the best I've ever had. Need to go back and try more of the menu. I'm 100% positive it's all incredible. Follow @MamaKimsKbbq on twitter, find out where she's at, and eat the shit out of this place.     Just had the spicy fried chicken. Amazing. Ill have dreams about this shit.
<review# 577,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/13/2011,9/28/2011,91,416,,6,2>I heard the music was good. I heard it atmosphere was loungy, but I was still a little skeptical as I parked next to what looked like abandoned warehouses.  But once I walked inside, my view completely shifted. Comfy leather couch along a curtained wall, cool chandeliers, a large bar, and brick walls create a relaxing but sophisticated vibe. The DJ doesn't go on till about 10:30 and really that's when all the people come, but even before that, I really liked the music.  Good selection of hard alcohol and beer on tap.I was surprised that the place cleared out around 1am. Usually people stick around till closing time, so the time frame of a crowd is small.  The music is easy to dance to and lots of people dance, which is really fun.
<review# 578,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/2/2011,9/27/2011,52,188,,7,1>I have high Thai expectations. Having frequented Wondee Siam, what I consider to be the BEST Thai in NYC, I have a fairly picky palate for Thai cuisine. Sawaddee really meets my expectations head on and surpasses them in certain respects.First of all, I absolutely hate it when Asian American restaurants are overly greasy, grossly disorganized, and full of MSG. The taste at Sawaddee is clean, appropriately fried, and carefully seasoned. The Thai fried rice is made with a very high-end Jasmine rice, and the Pad See Ew is made with extremely fresh and well-cooked rice flour. They even have a "create your own" Thai noodle soup which is COMPLETELY exciting because most American Thai restaurants fail to produce a really authentic big bowl noodle soup--something I absolutely crave on a regular basis.The ambience is really cute and homey too. The restaurant is in an old house off Hope Street, front door preserved with classic New England architecture. The space inside is pretty small, but appropriately spaced with seating and capable of entertaining larger parties up to 8-10 if tables are arranged as such.I'm a fan.I'm glad there's a solid Thai option when I need my flat noodle fix.
<review# 579,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/28/2010,9/26/2011,40,210,,6,3>I have been practicing yoga off and on for five years, but shri is the first studio that I like enough to drag my ass out of bed on weekend mornings.  I love the space - it has huge windows, very tall ceilings, and warm light wood that makes the room very soothing.I really appreciate that the owner/staff is trying to help revitalize downtown Pawtucket - as far as I can tell they go out of their way to be involved with and give to the community.  Obviously every instructor is different (and everyone's taste in an instructor as well), but I have found the vinyasa classes I have attended were great for students of almost any skill level, with the instructor (Allison) providing alternate poses for beginning-intermediate-advanced students.
<review# 580,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/18/2012,12/2/2012,151,439,5,4,5>The way some people feel after they've met the love of your life, is the way I felt after I left WSPY on Saturday.  It was my first hot yoga class and it surpassed all expectations.(what I anticipated:) hot hot heat and anxiety at trying to bend into impossible contortions : (what actually happened:) it was warm but the temperature was at the back of my mind as I was guided from one pose to another with a wonderful fluidity.  I had to take several water breaks to stay on-target, but kept up with the rest of the class for the most part (lead by a four-part team Sharon, Anna, Elena, and David).  I was encouraged by Sharon and Anna to have confidence in my own strength and found myself actually holding wheel pose (didn't think it was possible), Elena guided me into a more supported twisted triangle pose (I have muscles there?!), and David made me smile while going from standing leg lifts into airplane (fun!).I was so surprised to learn that the space can support FIFTY students at once (YIKES! That might be a little too much for me!), and relieved to find no mirrors on the walls and a wonderfully well-kept tin ceiling (no one wants to gaze up at cobwebs!).  The classes appear to be "come-one, come-all" style (no "beginners"/"pretzel posers" specified - a little intimidating).  There are several class times to choose from & reasonable pricing - though my budget is tighter than my Achilles tendon, I'm pretty sure I'm going to be swinging by for the $5Fridays sessions! (now all I have to do is buy a mat!)It was love....hot steamy love.
<review# 581,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/7/2012,12/1/2012,168,347,10,6,3>Crissa L. is going to try to mislead you about our experience at Ivy Tavern. She is going to tell you that her burger was the most delicious burger on the table. Seeing as her burger was the only burger that did not actually contain any animal, this is obviously false. You have been warned. Crissa L. is lying to you. Crissa L. will tell you the truth about some things. She will tell you that the restaurant is very casual and that the waitress was very friendly. She will tell you that they have a solid list of drinks and that your beverage of choice will be brought to you promptly. She won't tell you about my burger, so I will: I got the Ivy Burger, and it totally lived up to the hype. Excellent bun, cooked just how I liked it, no need for crazy toppings - this burger was solid with simple Swiss, lettuce, and tomato. No upcharge for my extra extra pickle and I am a happy burger-eater. Crissa L. is also not going to tell you about my garlic fries because I did not let her eat them. She ordered vastly inferior regular fries. Sometimes we all make bad decisions. Crissa L. makes many of them. The moral of the story is that you should be like me and go to Ivy Tavern. And once you're there, you should also be like me and order the Ivy Burger, because it is delicious and God intended for us to eat animals. You should not be like Crissa L. and eat the non-animal burger, no matter how delicious she tells you it was. Because Crissa L. is wrong, wrong, wrong.
<review# 582,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/6/2012,11/30/2012,92,185,,7,3>Alright everyone... I'm about to make a very bold statement.  Are you ready?This is the best pizza I have ever had.  No seriously, the margherita pizza here is the best pizza I have ever eaten, and yes... I have been to New York and their pizza is also fantastic.  The sauce is fresh and tangy, the cheese is melty and delicious, and the crust is thin with an awesome coal-fired crisp to it.  It's so simple, and yet so perfect!  I've never eaten an entire large pizza by myself, but I probably could if it was this pizza!  Just writing this review is making me want it again.As if the pizza wasn't amazing enough on its own, it gets better if you get an order of coal fired wings to go along with it!  Perfectly cooked, crispy on the outside, melt in your mouth on the inside, and simply and perfectly seasoned with salt.  I'm usually a buffalo wing kind of gal, but these babies have won a special place of their own in my heart.I could continue to write about how great the service is (it's great), how cool the open kitchen with the big stainless coal fire oven is (very cool), and all that other typical review stuff... but the fact is, even if the service was sub-par and the decor was lacking, I'd still keep coming back here for the pizza and wings.  It's just that delicious!
<review# 583,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/12/2012,11/29/2012,34,295,3,4,1>I came in this past Friday night and had a great time.  I would give it 5 stars but since Yelp filters the majority of 5 star ratings I am putting 4.It's very nice inside with lots of tables and plenty of natural lighting with all the windows.  The service was great.  I enjoy wine but don't know a damn thing about it.  Plus I always forget the names of wines I like.  Steve the manager was very helpful and knowledgeable.  He had suggestions and gave me a sample.  Of course I can't remember what it was but I liked it.We split the New England plate which had a good variety of cheeses - blue, goat, cheddar and a few others.  They were all delicious.  The plate also included sliced apples, dried apricots, fig spread, delicious honey, house made candied nuts and fresh baked bread.  I am not sure why people are complaining about the prices.  Our plate was $14 and filled the two of us up.I didn't have room for desert but everything sounded delicious.  I look forward to coming back!
<review# 584,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/27/2012,11/28/2012,66,88,2,4,2>My friend and I were overwhelmed by the menu - everything sounded delicious! So we decided to split some appetizers and create our own mini 4 course tasting. While we dined on their outdoor patio, we enjoyed live music.  It's quite a romantic setting overlooking the city of Providence (the other view is of their parking lot - just don't look that way). When the weather gets cooler, grab a table by a firepit.  I HIGHLY recommend coming here for their Blueberry Pizza - it's unlike anything I have ever tasted. We started by sharing the Arugula Salad (Baby arugula with cranberries, candied walnuts, goat cheese & fried artichokes with preserved lemon vinaigrette. $9).  I was pleasantly surprised that the kitchen had already split the salad for us!  Now THAT is hospitality at its best!  Why, hello, fried artichokes! Nice to meet you! These bites of heaven just melted in my mouth.  I strongly feel that these fried artichokes should be their own appetizer dish.  The salad was good, but these artichokes stole the show!!We then moved on to the Ahi Tuna (Black & white sesame coated Ahi tuna seared & served cold with micro greens & wasabi sauce. $14).  This dish was EXTREMELY fresh.  The Ahi tuna was also served with a red unidentified sauce that was a little less spicier than the wasabi sauce (which had a nice za za zing to it). For our 3rd course, we split an order of the Blackened Cajun Shrimp (Blackened shrimp, dusted in our Cajun seasoning, served in a beer broth with sweet onions & tomatoes. $12) and the Jamaican Jerk Chicken Skewers (Marinated in a Jamaican spice rub, grilled to perfection, served with a tangy chili dipping sauce. $8)The shrimp were so HUGE that Bubba Gump would have been proud; the broth is addicting.  I enjoyed the Chicken Skewers, but boy were they spicy! Hot like Miami, baby!  The waitress slacked a little on refilling my water, so that didn't help the situation at all. Of course, the final course was dessert.  From our seat out on the patio, we were able to watch the chef create this delectable dessert and then place it into the outdoor wood burning pizza oven.  Their Blueberry Wood-Fired Flatbread Pizza's (Mascarpone cheese, fresh blueberries & powdered sugar. $9)  thin crust was grilled to perfection. It was a light and healthy (blueberries are good for you, right?!) end to our D'vine culinary adventure.
<review# 585,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/30/2012,11/27/2012,29,88,4,13,2>Wow.  Honestly, just wow.I work around the corner for Circe and have been waiting patiently (ok, maybe impatiently) for them to open.  While there are some really great restaurants in the downtown area, none of them are as close as Circe and let's be honest - sometimes you just want a good place to eat that is close.  Call it lazy, but I call it convenient.  I enjoyed my first meal there enough that I would drive to the City on a day off to enjoy the food.  It's worth seeking out.The restaurant just opened yesterday (during Sandy!) and while they are definitely going through a bit of growing pains, I am already impressed.  VERY impressed.  Today I had what was hands down the best risotto I've ever had.  And I love risotto.  Like, really love it.  It was incredible and far better than any other I've had in all of Providence.   Other guests in my party had the BLT (bacon, LOBSTER, and truffle) pasta and the rice paper salad rolls.  I had a taste of each and they all tasted just as good as the risotto.  We took a look at the dinner menu as well and it looked great.  Small plates, raw bar items that are not-so traditional, and really well balanced, delicious sounding entrees.  They have a farm-to-table focus which I personally love and I cannot wait to try the dinner menu.  Oh, and we had a look at the dessert menu too.  Looked amazing!I also heard a rumor that the chef is known for his amazing Brunches, and that Circe will be serving brunch on Sundays (with $18 bottom-less champagne?  Yes, please!).  I look forward to trying this as well.I will update my review as I give more items a shot but honestly, what we had today was really amazing.  If they can be this good on day two, then I think we have a lot to look forward to.
<review# 586,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/4/2012,11/26/2012,30,246,2,2,2>We went on a Sunday evening and after reading my fellow Yelpers, made sure to get there early (5pm). Good call, we only had a 5 minute wait (by the time we left, holy cow there was a line!)Server was 5 stars all the way. She was awesome. Friendly but with some teasing/attitiude - just right for us. love.Place did have a fair share of older folks, but also lots of families with kids, so a good mix. Nice family vibe. Great views of the harbor, so try to sit at the windows if you can.Food was mostly very good with a few mehs thrown in just to keep this from being a lovefest 5 star review.Items to try:Calamari app - hands down some of the best we've had in RI.Clamcakes - yummyturkey dinner - real turkey, real goodMeh:Baked seafood dinner - not bad, but the fish and scallops were buried under a pile of crumbs...just kinda offputtingFish and chips - I expected this to be a standout and it wasn't.  The fish was soft but not in a good way...it was almost mushy. It didn't taste off or bad so I didn't send it back, but I've had so much better elsewhere. On other tables the chicken pot pie looked AMAZING as did the lobstah roll. We'll definitely go back and try some of those dishes (but trust me, my hubbie is getting that calamari again!).
<review# 587,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/21/2012,11/25/2012,37,89,8,7,5>Aldi is great. It's not for everything on your grocery list, but it works for all of the basics at a bargain. You bag your own food and need a quarter to use a shopping cart. Debit and cash is all they accept. Staff is This store is tucked in a plaza between a Rent a Center and a sad looking furniture store. There's also a place called "Hot Leather" in the plaza. I can only imagine what they sell. Chips and snacks are really good here. I'd rather pay $1.49 for a bag of Aldi branded chips than double that elsewhere. Flour, sugar, salt, etc. won't be King Arthur, Domino, or Morton, but Aldi brand works just the same in my digestive system. Milk and eggs are cheap. At one point last year, I saw the Aldi in Milford MA advertise eggs for $0.49 a dozen... I should stock up for Halloween @ 4 cents an egg.Meats look iffy. Produce is only OK. Frozen foods are pretty good. They frequently stock Boca Burgers. Mama Cozzi's Rising Crust pizzas are really good for $3 or so. Medium shell-on shrimp is $3.99/lb.  If you don't like anything that you have bought, Aldi has the DOUBLE guarantee. They refund your money AND replace the product. Seems easily exploitable. Do this enough and you can start your own grocery store.
<review# 588,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/4/2012,11/24/2012,34,119,2,2,2>This place has 2 skating rinks and a pool. They also have events there like roller derby and RWA (renegade wrestling alliance).  Its spacious, has bleachers, men practicing hockey, concession stands and a big parking lot. The staff and owners are also really nice. It's a great place to have or attend an event.
<review# 589,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/21/2012,11/23/2012,83,170,,12,1>Make-your-own black and tans. At your table. Done and done. Murphy's Law has replaced the old Ground Round, and boy has it ever! Holy moley. Killer beer selection (and scotch and whiskey and whisky selection), and the tables in the bar area each have their own tap--Guinness and some other beer--Guinness and Gansett, Guinness and Blue Moon...you get the picture. The waitress opens your personal taps, hands you a GUINNESS SPOON, and you make your own!!!!! This place is BEER HEAVEN!!!!!! Seriously! The food is good--better than average bar food with good "Irish pub" fare like corned beef and cabbage and fish and "crisps." I had the Bono Burger, but feel free to try to Sinead O'Connor burger as well ;-). Service was great--friendly, attentive, and helpful. They split our check into a million different ones after the fact (my friends and I suck, I know) but nary a complaint from the staff. Many might think that the last thing Pawtucket needs is another Irish pub, but Murphy's is a solid place that is here to stay. I try to be discerning in my 5-star ratings, but the personal taps at the table pushed me over the top. Go check out this place and I promise you won't be disappointed.
<review# 590,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,9/10/2012,1/3/2013,60,193,5,6,3>Although reviewing a strip club is awkward, I must say Foxy isn't too shabby. I was dragged here by my "bros" and ayyyy,  I survived.I wasn't sure what to expect out of a strip club (first timer here!) buut it was not as weird as I was expecting it to be.The girls were funny...they could probably tell I was not sure what the hell to do lol...They picked on me a little, good healthy dose of embarrassing boobies in the face. But it was all in good fun. They were pretty ladies too!The bar is obviously over priced and I made the mistake of not bringing enough cash and having to use the ATM ( AHH $5 atm fee) but If your looking for a place for a Bachelor Party or something this place is clean, good music and fun.
<review# 591,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/11/2012,1/2/2013,65,137,3,5,2>Mr. H and I dined here on a Sunday morning after a bachelor/bachelorette party night. We were in serious need of some serious breakfast food and Classic Cafe didn't let us down!First of all, they have three different kinds of breakfast potatoes to choose from and a clever little menu explaining the difference between the three. We opted for hash browns, but believe me, the potato pancakes are on my list of menu items to take down. They sound amazing. And grits! They have grits! This girl right here loves a Southern breakfast, so I'm all over grits and biscuits with sausage gravy the next time we go in.Second, the corned beef hash is LEGIT. It's not mush out of a can, it's clearly housemade with huge chunks of corned beef, potato and onion. I got mine in an omelet with cheddar and it was out of this freaking world. My hubby went with the classic hash and eggs, with toast to scoop up every last bite. The service was friendly, the portions and prices were right and I left with less of a hangover than I went in with. I can't wait to go back!
<review# 592,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/30/2012,1/1/2013,44,172,2,3,2>This is the R-Bar (NOLA) of Providence - or as close as state laws will allow us to get.  The best sort of dive bar: -great bartenders (you will occasionally find one or more of the talented Van Norstrand sisters, or father, behind the bar, as well as one of the owners - Mike Kelly),  -no real threat of being shanked,  -community minded (they host cook outs for the WBNA!),  -movies streaming during slow hours,  -an occasional out-of-the-park live band,  -AND a totally amazing-dive-bar-outdoor-back-yard complete with abandoned chairs and mixed matched tables!Great for people watching - and you'll probably make a new friend or two.  Every time we come, there are other regulars and non-regulars who have had just enough to engage in the most friendly and interesting conversations with complete strangers.  It was renovated a year or two ago, and the only thing I miss is the pool table - alas - but on the bright side - more room for that great people watching!
<review# 593,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/25/2012,12/31/2012,28,68,,5,2>I've walked right by this place several times and had no idea what it was, until I saw its listing on Yelp. I took my mom here for breakfast this morning and we were both blown away! Teeny-tiny space, awesome decor, chalkboard menu, owned by a husband and wife team who live right down the street - this is the ultimate neighborhood breakfast spot.On a weekday morning at 9:30, there was only one other group there, and only one person working. (Howard, doing everything.) Howard was on the ball. He answered our questions about how long the place had been there, he chose some great music (a Leonard Cohen CD), and he never let me see the bottom of my coffee cup. Got the huevos rancheros, which were done beautifully. I'm delighted that this place is here. I'm sure it gets busy on the weekends, but it's a nice quiet spot during the week, and it's a refreshing alternative to Julian's.Cash only, at least for now. The meal will only run you about $10/person, including coffee, but bring enough cash for a good tip. This place deserves to do well!
<review# 594,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/28/2012,12/30/2012,94,272,7,3,3>New to Woonsocket inna Bucket, naturally the first thing 'lil ole Marlena does is immediately check out her Chinese options.  Still learning the nooks and cranies of the area, I happened to literally stumble upon Pacific Asian one early morning upon opening my apartment door (yay for doorknob menus).  With a pretty large and interesting menu as well as the option to order online for a discount, it took about five minutes to figure out dinner that evening.  Since that faithful encounter, Pacific RI's become our main Chinese 'livery preference.  Amazingly delicious beef with broccoli: tangy, perfect sauce and the broccoli is always fresh.  Their white rice is seriously banging (crack?), pad thai off the hook (crack?) and their beef lo mien chopstick lickin' good.  Their basil chicken is chest hair spicy but so tasty I -will- eat the entire container in one serving.  Better load up on Suboxone here folks, cause their eats are eventually sending my Chinese grubbin' booty to rehab.The price is always right as well: I especially appreciate the online coupon codes and super quick service.  I really do quite recommend trying them 100% especially if you're looking for something a bit different than the usual, standard menu.  (The little pre-packed baggies with soy sauce, silverware and fortune cookies are a nice touch!)
<review# 595,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/8/2012,12/29/2012,49,52,1,5,1>When my fiancee suggested a trip for brunch over by the airport, I thought she'd lost it. But this place is a great find! I'm always on the lookout for great Irish pubs, especially those that do breakfast! The Shannon View Inn not only does a great Sunday Brunch, but they have a beer club with prizes, and Wednesday night trivia. I'll definitely be back!
<review# 596,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/29/2012,12/28/2012,25,61,2,8,4>For a vegetarian place, there is a lot of "meat" on the menu here :) As Jim Gaffigan says, "You know who's really obsessed with meat? Vegetarians." I'm not a "true" vegetarian, but I haven't eaten beef in 10 years so obviously I was curious to try the "vegan orange beef." I was not disappointed, crispy* pieces of some sort of seitan/vital wheat gluten/whatever-it-was-delicious in a sweet* tangy sauce, over perfectly steamed broccoli and a small bowl of nice brown rice.* = don't think this is still teeeccchnically healthy.  Also the sauce was a bit thicker/stickier than it should have been, then again maybe some people prefer that. Obviously there are things on the menu, such as the macro bowl, that are healthier than others, and overall this was certainly head and shoulders above the nutritional content and freshness of many restaurants. I did not find the portion size too small, I had enough leftover for a small-ish lunch today, but with some of the pricing I can see how some people might have expected a bigger plate.The music selection I can only describe as midi versions of carousel music. I'm on the fence about that.
<review# 597,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/15/2012,12/27/2012,44,52,3,3,4>Julians...no big deal, only what I would call one of the BEST brunch spots in Providence. Heavy on the hipsters, so expect a lot of tattoos and heavy-rimmed glasses.There is always a wait, but do not worry, you can chill outside with a coffee while you wait.  There is always a list of specials that are AMAZE-balls, like pork belly eggs benedict and s'mores pancakes.  AND....drink specials for brunch, like The Sleeper - coffee, bailey's and creme de menthe.  Can I get an Amen???The menu is eclectic with options for everyone, including a healthy dose of items available for vegetarians.  There is funky art from local artists always decorating the walls, and the bathroom is an experience in and of itself.  Everyone should take a moment to visit the water closet to see the extensive collection of Pez dispensers they have displayed, as well as the small TV that frequently plays Star Trek, old Wonder Woman episodes, and the like.So if you are looking for a brunch experience in a place where they color outside of the lines on the daily, head to Julians.
<review# 598,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/11/2012,12/26/2012,110,169,3,3,3>Iggy's is a RI staple. An absolute must-visit if you are new to the state, or just in the mood for delicious local not-so-good-for-you food like chowda and clam cakes.Here's what you need to know. - There is always a line. A long, long line. Yes, even on a Tuesday at 2:00pm. Prepare to wait. It's worth it.- It's chowda. ChowdA. Not chowder. Pronounce the R and you might get thrown out (or worse, banished to the end of the line!)- Think about how much food you want, and order half of it. Everything is deliciously shareable and your eyes ARE bigger than your stomach.- Do try the doughboys, despite what I just said. They're amazing. Just eat one less clam cake to fit it in your belly. - If you live in the area and/or plan to visit regularly, sign up for their email list. They send coupons! - Did you hear me? There's always a long line. Just be prepared for it. Don't come back after your visit and give this place one or two stars because of it. Promise? Ok.
<review# 599,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/10/2012,12/25/2012,55,257,2,3,3>This is a candy mecca!  Pearls has a bit of everything - from the 50's to now.  This is just about the only place in the area that I can find one of my all time favorites - rock candy. Everything is so reasonably priced - it's hard NOT to want to buy an assortment of your favorites.  The pre-packaged quantities are very favorable. The owner is very knowledable and helpful.$10 minimum for credit card purchases (but it's not hard to spend $10 in this place... and quickly!)
<review# 600,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/25/2014,8/7/2014,73,420,2,9,2>I finally made it back here and it really deserves an update and an upgrade to five stars.   The seafood really is some of the freshest I've seen.   There is no fishy smell here, folks.   Both times I've been lucky enough to have Steve assist me.  He is one of the nicest guys you'll ever come across.   He knows his product and can tell you a little about every bit of seafood he has that day.   He will also happily cut the filets into portions for you.   In addition to the great product and service, the prices are reasonable.  It's worth going out of my way for. I'll be back.
<review# 601,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/15/2014,8/6/2014,55,39,4,6,4>Grilled cheese and tomato soup. Bingo. A mix of ingredients that I never thought I'd try together. The pear was the perfect touch. The wait staff is very professional and attentive, we'll mannered and helpful.It's the perfect mix of good food, reasonable prices, and service.
<review# 602,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/15/2014,8/5/2014,42,205,3,2,3>Big fat fan of Chomp.  From the really great and truly interesting taplist, to the last bite of a hearty burger stack, nary a complaint could be made.The beer selection is impressively diverse, ranging from New World interpretations of Belgian styled brews to a summery American Rye in a scant, yet somehow plentiful 8 or so taps.   Our server, courteous and cheery, set an inviting and comfortable tone for us throughout our stay. Starting with homemade pickle chips (Frickles) and an order of Maple Bourbon & Bacon wings, the first bites were not a disappointment.  The fried pickles are certainly the best example I could imagine of the kind. Enclosed in a crisper shell than I had expected, that opens with a satisfying crunch, the pickle inside is a bit sweeter and finer than most, a rather nice surprise.   The chicken wings, and their Bourbon based sauce, were done is a manner reminiscent of Hoisin style chicken, but with so much more style.  The woody Vanilla flavors of Maple adding so well to the smokey Bourbon and Bacon.  I'm pretty sure anything cooked in this sauce would be delightful, and the drumsticks stood in and did just fine, admirably in fact.The Stack 2.3 was probably, OK certainly, a bit too much. It is kind of the point, I understand.  I was only able to get in a bite or two, before the tower of a burger collapsed, and I resorted to fork and knife.  Being a bit too much, carried out in flavor and portion alike.  Big, bold, and contrasting bites of heavy smoked Gouda, and spicy Onion Jam,  BBQ sauce and spicy Fried Chicken, set on a base of perfectly cooked, coarse ground, high grade steak were well over the top, one after the other.  That said, its probably not a food journey I'll take again.  A classic cheeseburger is likely more my speed.Enjoyed the whole thing, comfortably, well done.
<review# 603,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/2/2014,8/4/2014,41,54,1,6,3>This was our first experience with Pho, and we based the outing on previous Yelp reviews. Pho Horn's did not disappoint! The iced coffee was almost a religious experience- it was THAT good. We ordered the spring rolls (thanks for the free coupon!) and scallion pancakes to start - both were delicious! I've never had a spring roll with such complex, delicious flavor. We both ordered large bowls of pho - hubby was daring and went with the works, trying tripe and tendon for the first time. I went a little safer and got the sirloin. They were both awesome. I've never had anything quite like it, and I can't wait to try it again. Service was great and the prices were perfect.
<review# 604,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/29/2014,8/3/2014,26,103,14,10,6>Five Star location - Three Star MenuTo be fair I attended on their first night. The design of the bar and seating area is spectacular; large couches, hi-tops and beautiful teak chair and tables.So you've fallen in love with the location and the design, here's what they need to work on.#1 - the playlist ... The music was awful - country one minute, then reggae music and some pop mixed in.  The server, said they were working on it.#2 - the menu ... a little bit too Gastropub for the location. Understanding the G-pub is exactly that, but with this location they would do well to add some lighter faire. Perhaps something similar to Local 121 #3 - I could not see see the moon from where I sat, I feel it should be visible from all tables ;-)Something to note: The glasses are all plastic (safety code) took a bit of getting used to but the cocktails were on par with Pvd's other great cocktail spots so I soon forgot. I saw some people with bottles of beer I wonder if those were also plastic as for the most part beers looked to be served in cans.Lastly I would like to make note of those 6 ladies who joined us in the elevator for the ride up to the bar. Thank you for bathing in the most floral Victoria Secret body spray imaginable  - I now know I am capable of holding my breath through 5 floors and one stop.  This is a great place that will only get better as they fine tune it Eat Well Providence
<review# 605,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/6/2014,8/2/2014,151,439,10,4,3>Aye, Ahab...I finally hooked me white whale.  Kitchen: the hipster white whale of breakfasteries in the PVD locale.  Difficult to get in, but well worth the wait.  It took me four attempts.....but I *finally* had my meal.  ....here's the story:7:05am - I arrive and stake out the joint (ugh, don't say "steak", my stomach is a'gurglin'!)7:10am - Spot two patrons heading for the entrance.  Exit vehicle and persue on-foot.7:20am - Two more people have joined the threesome before me, and another duo has arrived.  I am fifth in a seven-person line.....and the place hasn't even unfurled its awning.7:38am - Mr.Kitchen emerges (so calm.so cool.so awesomely accessorized with colorfully striped glasses).  We are invited inside.7:40am - I am seated in one of the half-booths and count that, at full capacity, Kitchen could play host to fourteen people.  The lamp on my copper-fitted table top glows.  I read my book.  Mr.Kitchen brings me coffee and directs my attention to the specials board.  I notice that bacon is sold by the slice (interesting) and is $2.50 for the pleasure.  I take solace in the fact that I am a vegetarian.7:50am - Placed an order for the "Basic Breakfast" (2 eggs, toast, homefries $6), as well as a half portion of Croissant French Toast ($6).  .....I wait.8:10am - Mr.Kitchen is a magician and I am convinced that he is either a time lord or half-man, half-octopus (....how is he taking all these orders, serving up hot coffee, AND making the food??).  Charming and eclectic tunes slide from a speaker in the corner (new-agey with some Marley thrown in).8:18am - The eggs are perfectly poached and perched atop a bed of seasoned potatoes and protected on two sides by walls of thickly sliced wheat bread (pre-buttered).  I start with my protein, and then work my way over to the croissant (...$6?  But...it's just a regular croissant...in an egg wash).  I shrug and indulge in the complimentary pure maple syrup (no need to bring your maple flask here).8:30am - A duo and along with a single man have arrived and hover in the doorway while they wait for a full or half booth to open up.  It is awkward because they are three feet away from me, watching me eat my breakfast, and I am attempting to savor every moment of this experience, my birthday gift from my grandmother in Port Charlotte.  But, I guess, they don't know this.  They just want their bacon.8:40am - The bill has been paid ($$cash only$$).  I wave to Mr.Kitchen and say "It was scrumptious! Thank you!"  He smiles and waves back with one hand (I still suspect that there are another seven arms working away back there).8:42am - I squeeze by the jumping hyenas at the door.  By the time I have shut the cleverly-handled front door (a spoon?  Ingenious!)  they are sitting at my half booth and Mr.Kitchen is bringing them coffee.  ....I have been replaced.8:45am - The commute to work begins.Conclusion: Like most white whales, Kitchen lived up to the hype but left me slightly bewildered (....that's it?).  It was a wonderful morning, a perfect experience, and delicious/filling/*reasonably priced* breakfast. - I had a marvelous time!  But I guess there's always the moment when you realize that the whale is really Mr.Octopus Man, Mr.Kitchen, Mr.Mastermind all along.  Will I be back?  I hope so....but I'd like to keep ahold of this memory for a while before I do.
<review# 606,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/22/2014,8/1/2014,94,40,4,9,4>Lately homegirl has been a sushi addict.  Specifically, delectable sashimi.  The cravings have nearly driven me to post an add for free room and board in exchange for a classically trained sushi chef, who must comply with the rumblings of homegirls stomach groans.  Now after some thought, i realized that the average human being is by NO means ready to handle homegirl in her territory.  So I turn to plan B, and head down to Nami for my sushi fix.This place has got the goods down town in the hood.  Good atmosphere, modern look, clean environment, nice staff.  Some items are pricier than others.  Ive ordered the sushi for one, and found it was enough for two.  Good option if you plan to take care of the bare neccessities: paying your rent, buying your 2 cases of shrimp ramen, and heck you probably lookin' all scrappy and need to get the mane tamed up.  Great place to go and split an order.  More than happy with the quality of the food.  Prepared to order, fresh and so good.  I love me some Nami.
<review# 607,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/2/2014,7/31/2014,66,41,4,6,4>I live across the street from Seven Stars.  I really ought to move already, because the pastries are so freaking good that I think I'm giving them half my paycheck.  Let's start with the cheddar cheese scone.  I don't know how many dairy cows gave a reluctant moo to make a batch of these, but they are SO GOOD. A while ago, one of the baristas suggested I get it toasted with strawberry jam- sounds a little strange, but it's a solid recommendation.  Do it.Next up in the faves is the cinnamon bun.  Not the sticky bun (keep your nuts out of my buns, Seven Stars!), but the cinnamon bun, which I'm pretty sure must be made by taking a hunk of dough, brushing it with butter, and dumping a full cup of cinnamon sugar on top.  The thing is seriously encrusted in sugar.  Once again, get it heated up in the oven.  Worst case scenario, it gets a little too toasty, and then it's like the outside of a marshmallow - caramelized and gooey and yeah, maybe you should grab a napkin so your friends stop ragging on you for licking your fingers like you're five. Who could forget the bread?  On Fridays, come here for the Challah.  Seven Stars twists theirs into perfect braids, fluffy and glazed and basically guaranteed not to make it to my door without me reaching my hand into the paper bag to rip off a piece.  When I'm entertaining, I like to grab the olive bread, which includes Kalamata and Moroccan olives and pairs well with a little oil and balsamic.  I should note that if you're allergic to gluten, there are a still a few options, including a housemade granola and yogurt that are super tasty.Finally, coffee.  This is the cup of coffee I take to work and everyone drinking Dunkin' goes, "Hot damn, your coffee smells good."  That's because Seven Stars serves up the best cup of coffee in Providence.  For the drip, the baristas write the time on each pot so they know exactly when it was brewed.  This keeps everything consistent and distinctive to the palate.  Bar drinks take a little longer than they would at a commercial coffee shop, but they're worth the wait - the baristas take their time to steam the milk, pull the shot, and pour each beverage to the absolute best of their abilities. The cappuccino foam has the perfect density, like meringue, and as tradition would dictate, it needs a spoon to be properly enjoyed.The only thing that might dissuade anyone from coming here is the internet (Seven Stars has no Wi-Fi), but they've publicly stated a reason for it - the café believes in being a place for meeting up and getting work done for the community, but not necessarily just for hanging out all by oneself.  They really achieve this mission, and you can see it particularly on Saturday and Sunday mornings when the place is packed full of families and friends from the area who all know the baristas and one another on a first-name basis.  Love this place.
<review# 608,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/8/2014,7/30/2014,488,201,2,5,4>The Dive of Dive BarsThis place is going up on my dive bar list.  It looks sketchy but once you go in your not going to find a nicer crowd.  A small dive bar with a good juke box and darts in the back.  No food, but who cares.  This place is right up my alley.  Cheap beers, cooler older crowd, stiff drinks.  Everything a dive bar is supposed to be!!!If your looking for a cold draft and laid back crowd this is your place.  Thanks
<review# 609,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/4/2014,7/29/2014,187,39,3,5,4>I adore Bob and Timmy's. Somehow I only ever come here with a group of 10 or so - they are always very accommodating of our giant demanding group, and it's great for us because we get to try several grilled pizzas! My all time favorite is the lasagna pizza because I love mozz and ricotta. It comes with spinach too, so it's practically healthy. I bullied all my friends into trying it and demanded them to agree with me that it is delicious. They also loved the BBQ chicken pizza (personally I thought there was too much BBQ sauce, but that's a silly complaint - like saying an ice cream cone has too much ice cream in it...), the sausage pizza, and the mushroom spinach pizza (sans some of the feta - there was an incredibly generous amount on there!). Basically, everyone liked something different so I think there's a pie for everyone! One time we also shared the salmon penne pasta which was delicious as well. But if you're there, I highly suggest going for the grilled pizzas! I would love to try the four cheese one next. ALSO they carry the grapefruit heffenrefferweiser? I can't pronounce or spell it, but it's the grapefruit beer and it is to die for. Tastes like fruit punch, but with a pleasant fizz. One of my friends who recently sampled 40+ beers at a beer festival said this was his fave, and I can see why! Anyway, I digress...go to Bob and Timmy's for the grilled (LASAGNA!) pizza and wash it all down with some amazing grapefruit beer (I don't know anywhere else you can get either of these together!). Cheers to summer!!
<review# 610,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/19/2011,1/8/2012,11,128,2,7,3>Best of the 3 coffee spots in Pawtuxet Village.  Their coffee is a step above the rest of the competition in the Village.  They care about their coffee.  There is a variety of choices everyday.  I love your bagels and how you have a great variety of flavors.  I stopped in for lunch last week and it also was very good.  They bake their own pastries and pizza on site which is rare and important to note because their pastries and pizza are delicious.    It's small inside but very friendly and charming.
<review# 611,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/8/2011,1/7/2012,102,331,4,4,5>I am so incredibly happy that the GCB exists. So happy that I cannot distill my writing into coherent paragraphs, so I'm gonna list the pros and cons below.Cons (first):- Hard to find, in the basement of a dorm, oh noes, etc.PROS:- But when you get down there, it is actually a bar. And then you're like, how funny that I am IN A DORM. But if you were blindfolded and nose-clothespinned (English? Not sure.)on the way there...you wouldn't know.- Lots of space to sit, even when crowded. Comfy booths? Long fun conversations.- Lots and lots of character, from the intensely long "About Us" pamphlets to the christmas lights...and board games.- Cheap drinks. A not-for-profit bar means that your fancy drink is probably below $4. Like a Tanqueray and tonic for $3.75. Or a Heineken for $3. Amazing specials, too, on both fancy and non-fancy beers. (Hoegaarden was $2 LOLWUT.)- Hilarious and friendly staff, most notably the bartenders. I asked if there was Henieken Light, to which the bartender said, "No, but I can drink half of it." Any Corona Light? No. But he can drink half of it. I like the sense of humor they have.- This is hardly unusual for Providence, but this bar has a great selection of local beers and such. They also just have a great selection of...everything.- I was unsure which beer to get, since I'm usually not a "beer person." Without me saying much, the bartender said I might like this one variety of peach beer, and before I could think about it for a second, he had poured a sample for me. It's that kind of place!It's rare to see a university-owned bar these days, and it's really cool to see one that doesn't just coast on any sort of novelty. Go here now. I'm kind of in love with this place...oops?
<review# 612,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/22/2011,1/5/2012,261,199,,7,4>SERIOUSLY the NICEST people EVER work here.This is a family run business + every single person that works there is unbelievably friendly, helpful, knowledgeable + just plain NICE. A complete SHOCKER these days.The shop is super cute with a couple different levels--- the place is filled with different vendors so there is a lot of antiques to hunt through which is FANTASTIC!I got a couple things that I just love + they went down in price on every single item.So many beautiful treasures there.  They have everything from china to a crazy collection of coo coo clocks. The owner even mentioned that many young men come in to pick out vintage jewelry for their lady friends.PRECIOUS.My boyfriend + I spend about an hour + a half in this store-- we not only had a great time looking through everything but we shared a couple laughs + historical facts with the staff. I left the store knowing that I would be back.If you want to be treated like a friend, this is your kinda place.
<review# 613,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/23/2011,1/4/2012,114,236,1,6,7>Self-inflicted terror and heart palpitations... that just make you feel good.The Haunted Labyrinth is not just an excellent haunted house experience, it's designed, fabricated and staffed by church youth group kids. Every time I go I leave simultaneously horrified and inspired by the imaginary worlds they create. Really, it is incredibly well done and organized.Each year features a new theme (Nightmares in 2011) that comes together in a series of unique rooms where the exits often require trial-and-error pushing and poking  - some are cool illusions, others scary vignettes playing out as you pass - all have kids sneaking up on you and freaking you out. AHH! But they do not touch you. It's fun enough for adult friends/couples to enjoy together while tame enough to bring older kids. The outdoor line purposely snakes around scary dudes in masks as a test for what lies in the Labyrinth. Though my 11-year-old haunted house companion screamed her face off and disabled my arm's blood circulation the entire walk through, she and I both had the peace of mind of knowing that there was a clearly marked emergency exit a.k.a. escape hatch every few rooms. So much fun, and c'mon... it's for the kids!
<review# 614,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/22/2011,1/3/2012,81,361,5,12,3>Love shopping at local small businesses, especially ones with such knowledgable and friendly staff. I've bought skis and my BF a snowboard. Staff is helpful in distinguishing between brands and models.   And there are no sales people that pressure you into a decision.  If something isnt working for you after a purchase, they tell you to bring it back in and want to work to help  you have the best eperience possible on the slopes.  Love the tent sale at the beginning of the season to get good deals on year old, but still new merchandise. Definitely good deals and merchandise to be found. If you join the mailing list, you can get coupons in email and snail mail. Want to purchase lift tickets? They can help with that on site too.  I don't intend to buy my snow sports equipment anywhere else. There are two big dogs that wander the store. They're harmless and loveable.
<review# 615,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/8/2011,1/2/2012,48,138,8,11,6>Holy, holy, holy!  If this isn't a hidden gem, then I don't know what is!  They do little to no advertising, just word-of-mouth and they are doing great!I went here, met Jon Carlos, and an hour later, I looked like a million bucks.He knew exactly how to update my look with still making me look like "me."  This is a beginning of a beautiful relationship...He washed my hair (whoa, scalp massage!)  gave me layers and angled my mane around my face, and gave me an amazing blow-out within an hour.  For $35.  No, you heard me right.  Less than $40 for that magic.  I floated out of the salon and spent the rest of the day flipping my hair like a lunatic.  My sister said she could "hear my glow through the phone."If that isn't enough to intrigue you, they are also a charitable small, local business-  they often do fundraising events for non-profits.I am in love.
<review# 616,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/25/2011,1/1/2012,493,313,4,5,7>Love The Mews.Fun.Chill.We started with nachos. Excellent choice.Good food - I had a gi-freaking-normous burrioto with shredded chicken, black beans, rice, salsa, guacamole - you know, everything. Their burger selection is awesome and always done to perfection.Over 100 scotches to choose from. Some very rare selections. 69 beers on tap.Like their tee shirt says "No Crap On Tap." Indeed.The atmosphere in the bar section is that of a very comfortable pub. The building rambles on and on with plenty of cozy places to sit, eat, drink and relax.Food is, as several have mentioned, adequate. Nothing here is going to knock your socks off but then again, you are not going to be disappointed either.
<review# 617,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/5/2011,12/31/2011,70,186,2,6,5>I stumbled upon this food icon innocently enough.  Strolling through the East Side after an art fair, this little truck was the perfect shady oasis in a broiling summer afternoon.I'll be honest, I'd never had vegan soft serve before the purple truck.  Sure I'd tried your Rice Dreams, and SoDelicious coconut creams, but nothing could ever replace the undying love affair I have with ice cream.  Seriously, I gave up my gallbladder for the stuff.  But, since I was on a first date with a very promising Vegan gentleman caller, this seemed like the time to try it.  And I was sold.  Cool and satisfying, perfect texture, nothing like my previous soycream fails.So I immediately became a fan on facebook, and that's where the real fun began.  This silly little purple truck knew more about what was going on in Providence than I could scrape together in 2 years of living there.  It can come to your work when you call, or just be out waiting for you on a sunny day.  And from the truck I've learned of more vegan happenings that will tide me over while it's gone for the summer.  It's not just a truck, it's a Providence institution.
<review# 618,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/15/2011,12/30/2011,119,223,3,3,3>Well, it's "The Best Coffee in Town!" There is something about those bright pink cups that just gives you the warm and fuzzies inside. For me personally its also some great memories of trips to the South Shore in MA to visit with my roommates family. I love the funky fanabla iced coffee and the Almond joy. Its a fun place with quirky coffee drinks and an intoxicating atmosphere... I'd choose it over Dunkin Donuts crap anyday!
<review# 619,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/25/2011,12/29/2011,142,225,,4,3>Tremendous sandwichesConsistent qualityA well-oiled machineThe preeminent eat-in deli name in the Blackstone Valley, this location is my choice as the top.  Sandwiches never miss, nor leave you needing more - you're more likely to eat yourself to overfulness than anything.  Service can be somewhat abrupt (the place is a well-oiled machine, but there isn't always exactly a homey feel to it), but for a mighty fine sandwich, I have a tough time identifying a better combination of quality ingredients, menu variety, preparation consistency, and price in the greater Woonsocket area.  Waits can be a bit long, but you can usually get in and out (for eating in) in 45-60 minutes, even during peak lunch hours.  Valued Guest Cards allow you to get 10 sandwich stamps for a free one - just remember to bring it with you.I could get into some of my favorites, but that would take too long; suffice it to say if the sandwich has a place on the wall menu, thousands before you have approved of it (or it's been removed to make room for a new selection, which they always work in from the specials board as soon as you walk in).  If you wander in and think something sounds tasty - IT IS.  Prepare to be full.
<review# 620,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/9/2011,2/28/2012,16,90,1,3,2>I just realized I never reviewed La Laiterie. I don't know how I could have been so derelict. This is, hand's down, my and my wife's favorite restaurant in Providence. This is the first place we recommend to visitors.I have yet to have a bad meal here and have probably been more than a dozen times. They do a great job of rotating the menu. Their ingredients are always fresh and local. They do a fantastic job with the cheese boards  (it is clear that they spend a lot of time with their cheese selections, don't bother trying to choose your own, just give some general preferences to your waiter and let them choose).They carry a great wine selection with a good range of tastes and prices. They make awesome cocktails as well.I have loved dining with them since they first opened, as they established themselves, as they expanded, and now as they cement their reputation.I can't recommend La Laiterie enough.
<review# 621,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/29/2011,2/27/2012,40,165,1,8,2>Love this place! We pick here every year. Huge selection of apples. I'm not talkin lil dinky trees. Huge trees full of all kinds of apples. My kids love to pick here. They have a horsedrawn hayride that is a reasonable price and goes around the whole orchard and the picking is very inexpensive. You can bring your own bag which they weigh before you start picking or you can use the baskets that they provide. No fancy storefront offering baked goods and gourmet coffees just great picking at a great price.
<review# 622,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/13/2012,2/26/2012,77,166,2,4,1>Inexpensive, high quality and insanely fresh sushi. I've never been unsatisfied with my meals here, whether it's the specialty rolls or yaki soba. My current favorite is the spicy tekka- simple but oh so tasty. Decor and ambiance could be better but this is one place where I'll let it slide. The food totally makes up for it. Also, yelpers have mention that the service isn't great- I partially agree, BUT most of the servers and waiters are extremely friendly, polite and courteous. They really go above and beyond to make sure that you're comfortable. I've had so-so experiences when Sakura was packed (weekends from 5:30-9 are a mad house). However, you just need to be a bit patient. Your tummy will be thankful for the delicious treat.
<review# 623,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/17/2012,2/25/2012,149,382,,7,6>Gracie's was an absolutely mind blowing culinary experience.  The food, the service, and the amazing atmosphere all made for one amazing evening out on the town.  We finally made our way to Gracie's for restaurant week and it was a night we could never forget.  Each delectable course was better than the previous one.  The restaurant itself is beautiful with dim lighting, a "wish upon a star" themed decor, and intimate seating.  I was in awe of how lovely the space was and it was accented with soft classical music and delightful candlelight.  They are staffed with an efficient, friendly, and extremely knowledgeable team of personnel.  They really make you feel welcome and make sure that you are having an awesome experience every step of the way.  Our server took our order and not too long after we were greeted by a friendly gentleman offering up fresh baked bread of different varieties.  I highly recommend the cranberry kind and the fantastic beer/honey bread.  They are absolutely divine.  They are spectacularly accompanied by some delicious whipped butter.  We also had a great amuse bouche of a nutty and flavorful cheese.  We started out our meal with appetizers of a field greens salad with a sherry vinaigrette and the house made gnocchi.  The gnocchi was truly heaven. My husband was tickled by our offering of some tasty grapefruit sorbet to cleanse our palates.  Our main course was the duck leg and the spicy and savory rigatoni.  The duck leg was tender and perfectly accompanied by marinated veggies and currents.  Our desserts were the sweet and scrumptious finale that we could only have dreamed of.  By far the chocolate hazelnut mousse was the belle of the ball with some of the most delicious ice cream (brown butter) I have ever tasted.  Our meal, from start to finish, made our taste buds jump for joy.  The staff treated us like royalty, never letting our water glasses go unfilled or a dirty plate sit still for more than a moment.  The hostess even put my coat on for me at the coat check.  I am a sucker for a place that really leaves an impact on me.  More than just wow that was good food, Gracie's was an all around great Everything.
<review# 624,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/6/2011,2/24/2012,15,52,3,3,4>This place is like Whole Foods without the prices (and uhm, organic food, but eh) and the pretentiousness. And free coffee! FREE COFFEE!!My dad used to HATE grocery shopping but this place is like a theme park of food. It is seriously so amazingly designed. All of the prepared foods are delicious, their party pizza is unbelievable, and they have such a great selection of food and the produce is always SO fresh. I love doing food shopping here.
<review# 625,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/27/2012,2/23/2012,68,635,5,7,5>Impressive....The location seems a little out of place, but the benefit is great parking and being out of the big city as it were; at least by a couple of blocks.The interior is warm and classy but still manages to be casual in a sophisticated way.  It has a great bar to hang out at which is separated from the more intimate dining section.  It would be great for a romantic dinner for two or a nice quiet dinner with a few friends.The staff was great.  Jerry Hoff, the host was engaging, informative and interacted with everyone.  He made you feel like your were part of the family.  The wait staff were all incredible.  We were fortunate to have Jessica be our front person and she was quite possible one if the best servers I have had the pleasure to meet.So to the food.  We were fortunate to there for another great event where we were provided lots of samples of various things.  So here is my run down, in no particular order:Stuffed Mushrooms - quite possible the best I have personally had.  They were greatOysters Rockefeller - not my cup of tea, but those around me seemed to love themPork Wings - Don't be fooled, big slab of bone in pork rib.  I thought they were good, but I also think they sat on the fence between sweet and spicy.  I would prefer if they chose a side and jumped in.  But for those that prefer the subtle, this will work for youScallops wrapped in Bacon - well what can one say, it is scallops wrapped in bacon.  If you like scallops, you will love this, it is wrapped in bacon after all.  If you don't like scallops, try it, it is wrapped in bacon for goodness sake.Maryland Crab cake - This was one of the best crab cakes I have had.  It was crisp on the outside and warm and moist on the inside.  The flavor was great.  Too many times crab cakes are too much of one thing or the other that just over power.  This was not.  It was perfect.The Heartland - Sandwich.  Okay, I am going to say this once and never again.  It is a vegetarian sandwich and it was fantastic.  I really, really liked it.  This is something I would order all on its own.  Amazing.  Now, if you ever meet me on the street, I will deny how much I really loved this sandwich and turn the conversation to....The Porterhouse.  Yes, I stayed late to try the real meal.  The steak was cooked to perfection (med-rare of course).  The host Jerry suggested I get a side of their gorgonzola sauce.  I am morally opposed to putting anything on a steak, especially one that cost more than $30.00, but he convinced me.  Just for your knowledge, the steak is big enough to share with your partner, and this one was.  So, the steak on its own, fantastic.  The steak just slightly dipped in their sauce, fantastic as well.  It was a wonderful complement.Quick side note, when the steak came out, it had a bunch of brown, leafy, crispy stuff.  Jerry looked at me and said, make sure you eat it.  I was shocked.  He smiled and told me it was fried leeks.  I will be damned, it was really good.  So don't freak out;  it comes on all of their proteins and is great.This place will be kept on speed dial.
<review# 626,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/22/2011,2/22/2012,55,257,,4,4>If there is one place to take your precious little kitty to, it's City Kitty.  They really, truly treat your furry baby like the most important cat in the entire world.  They offer a comfortable atmosphere and friendly service.  Be careful of prices though.  I find that they are a bit on the higher side; however; I think the visit to City Kitty is always worth it.  Dr. Lund has been my Mona's vet for years now and I wouldn't dare take her anywhere else.
<review# 627,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/21/2011,2/21/2012,44,172,,5,2>Such an interesting and welcome addition to the PVD culinary/night out scene!The cozy Flan Y Ajo sits in the nook on Westminster where Farmstead once had their satellite.  Uber convenient as a BYOB, with wine-store Eno sharing an adjacent wall.  Super friendly staff make you forgive their lack of seating.  We relaxed up in the window seats - enough room there that we easily shared the pillowed bench with another couple without being on top of one another.  Cute glassware and serving dishes - and the menu just brought me back to my time in Barcelona!  Simple, small and tasty.Remember that Spanish food is not akin to the Atlantic City all you can eat buffet - this is meant to be a continuous snacking.  We enjoyed the traditional tomato bread, a selection of cheeses, and the small octopi (if you don't like tendrils, you will not like this.  I love tendrils and really enjoyed the 4 small creatures surrounded by pieces of garlic-seasoned cool cooked potatoes).We went early (around 6 on a Friday and the 4-bar stools were occupied, but we still had the window seat available) - and I'll be honest, I don't know if I would stick around if I didn't have a seat, but I will definitely follow up to see if this is a stand-worthy establishment.  Lastly, being such a small place they use the latest i-technology for those of us who don't carry cash and only have cards.  A little do-dad hooked up to the phone swipes your card, select the % tip on the screen, sign on the phone screen with your finger tip (haha- leave a tip with your finger tip!), and conveniently get your receipt emailed or texted to you.
<review# 628,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/22/2011,2/20/2012,52,188,2,2,2>Cook & Brown has such a cool hip atmosphere that you can't help but dig the vibe when you walk in the door. I will say that on first seeing the menu, I was little wary of how hard they were trying to be unique and original; but the combinations and flavors really were authentic in a way that surprised me pleasantly.The corn soup that I had was wonderfully colorful with absolutely heavenly flavor and texture. The bread they serve before dinner is a terrific accompaniment to any soup or saucy dish served. The steak and chicken are cooked to tender perfection.My experience at Cook & Brown really did live up to the crazy high expectations. There wasn't anything about the restaurant that makes me CRAVE an immediate return. But everything was insanely well done, promising a rock solid place when in need to impress.
<review# 629,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/13/2011,2/19/2012,54,86,,5,2>If you grew up in RI, you've probably at least heard of the Cable Car cinema on S. Main St. When I was a teenager, it was a premiere destination on hooky days. Now, as an adult, I find the cinema still provides the same comforts of years past, now with a couple extra incentives (cold beer, wine, baked goods).  These days they are mostly showing documentaries. So make sure whoever you're going with doesn't mind nerding out a little with you. I recently saw the film about A Tribe Called Quest here, and about half the patrons busted out in sing-along style rap lyrics during the film. Needless to say the film subjects can be very limited in audience, so don't just show up thinking you'll see what's playing. If you've never been to the theater before, here are a few other things to keep in mind: - It is a small operation. If you think the show you're attending will be busy, get there early.- Get there early ANYWAY to grab a drink and score one of the love seats with built in cup holders. Pretend to yawn and stretch as you slowly put your arm around your dates shoulders.- If you get there TOO early, cut through one of the alleys across the street and pop into the Wild Colonial for a drink.- The Cable Car gives about a $1 off admission with a valid student ID.- Monday nights is discount night! Yes, you just paid admission for two and bought two cocktails all for under $20!!!Honestly, what's better then this?
<review# 630,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/19/2013,7/31/2013,231,95,4,8,3>Taqueria Luptia, you make my Texan belly so happy. I'll say that the location of this place is not the best as there is only street parking available. Still totally worth the trip. For sure. Ryan D. and I have our go-to places for Mexican in Cranston and on Broadway St. but I've heard people rave about this place for months so we deiced that it was finally worth a try. Btw, we've been to this place twice in two weeks.Walking into this little place, it reminds me of the local places in South Texas. Authentic decorations and it's family-owned (which I LOVE). We sat down and took a look at the menu. Guys, they have fresh guacamole for $2.50! How fresh you might ask? I watched the guy cut open a brand new avocado to make it. INSANE price considering most places charge upwards of $9.00 for "fresh" guacamole. Oh yeah, it tastes AMAZING too.I went with three tacos that had pork, fresh chorizo and carne asada. So good. Fresh and delcious and made with lots of love. Ryan ordered a torta with carnitas and he inhaled it. Duh.During our second trip to this joint, I ordered their homemade sangria and it is incredible. I'm obsessed. In short, try this place. It's cheap, genuine and delicious.
<review# 631,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/6/2013,7/30/2013,34,119,,6,4>I love these guys. The owner, a local student, is both fantastically friendly and fantastically talented. I first encountered them at the RISD student sale, got an empanada (seasoned beef and mozzarella) to nibble while I wandered), was absolutely BLOWN AWAY by two bites in, and had to scrap my other lunch plans to go back for a second empanada. Speaking of, those fantastic empanadas, cooked up fresh, are $2! One of the best food truck deals in the city, and really really really tasty.
<review# 632,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/16/2013,7/29/2013,12,60,2,6,3>Oh golly, I can not believe I have not written a review for Empire! I have been coming to this shop since it opened around nine years ago I believe, when they first opened. This coffee shop has changed it's appearance over the years, keeping up with the times and needs of customers. It has become larger with room for comedy events, a family sized table for larger groups of people, couches, and chairs right by the front window facing the street.The menu has a little something for everyone from bubble tea, frozen hot chocolate, lattes, herbal teas, yerba mate, match green tea and so on. There are baked goods, chocolate bars, fresh squeeze orange juice, sandwiches and I am not sure if they still serve soup but at one point there was soup hahaha.There is a community board with local events going on, beautiful paintings on the walls, quiet music that is easy to speak over or just think over while studying. Overall the atmosphere, local goodness, and wonderful service helps make Empire that place that all us locals recommend. The employees know so much about the teas, coffee, and always stir me in the right direction when I feel like trying out a tea that is new to me.The lite brite table made a come back and when I babysit this table always saves the day! Even though this coffee shop has more of a college feel and crowd, children seem to really enjoy the hot chocolate and vibe here too.So go ahead, get your java froathy fix at Empire or grab a warming cup of tea. There is plenty of street parking around the area, cash and credit are taken, there is free wifi, headphones if you have forgotten yours and even some community books to read.
<review# 633,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/28/2013,7/28/2013,23,268,6,5,4>If The Avery and The Eddy hooked up and had a speakeasy child... they'd name it Justine. At first the Hus and i walked by.... a couple of times... i wasn't too happy about this as it's in a semi-sketchy section of town.We hop into the seemingly normal store and say... "Is this.... Justine's?" indeed it was.... After our ID's had been checked by the person at the door we were allowed into their inner sanctum.After bellying up to the bar we were promptly handed the drink menus and we were taken back by the VERY reasonable prices... I decided to go with the Kosmonaut (under $10)  - a mandarin vodka concoction which tasted like a fancy Fanta with a kick... not to mention stars on top... a nice touch. For my second i went with the Charlie Chaplin ($5... yes, i said $5). This was my first encounter with Sloe Gin but certainly not my last. It tasted like a fruity punch delight and it was mighty tasty.The prices are great and the quality and care that goes into the drinks is very apparent. Can't wait to go back!
<review# 634,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/21/2013,7/27/2013,151,439,6,4,2>~Review Remix~As if I needed any excuse to visit a place called "Bagels & Cream" (they may as well have called themselves: "Baker and Distributor of All Things Delicious and Addictive").  B&C has stepped up their game: renovations really spruced up the place (a fresh coat of paint works wonders!) and a more legible food & coffee menu has been printed and posted.  The bagel layout is the same (front and center!), but I really appreciate that their cream cheese and coffee options are now in view.  ALSO: now accepting PLASTIC on orders over 10$ (a huge improvement, two bagels/cream cheese + two coffees are going to run you about 11$).  ALSO ALSO: new lunch menu!Wake up your mouth with the French Toast bagel with Maple Walnut cream cheese (it's a little sticky, but DELICIOUS!  I use the extra cream cheese the next day - DOUBLE score!).  The beau tried sausage/egg/cheese on a Chocolate Chip bagel and it tasted like childhood incarnate.  My localvore café/coffee shop (and right on Route1).  Get there early and know what you want (doddlers in front of the bagel cage clog up the works and delay my caffeine ingestion).
<review# 635,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/19/2013,7/26/2013,142,225,4,6,4>Your meal - outstandingYour value - terrificYour atmosphere - pleasingLive music - highly enjoyable on a Thursday night. Appetizers and the variety of drink options were a welcome way to start the evening.  As for mealtime entrees, recommendations made were spot-on - I had a majadita that was (not mildly but) wildly enhanced by the mere suggestion of mashing it together and adding a delicious, small, understated dollop of a sauce called jacua.  Palate, meet overdrive, all-systems-go flavor sensation par excellence.Enthusiasm flowed from our server...past the point of irritating or curious - beyond those to the point of getting psyched for each interaction in an effort to match him.  Tough to explain, but it was enjoyable enthusiasm tennis.Prices were just what you'd want, while the food was plentifully, tastily more fulfilling than what you'd bargain for.  People were friendly, helpful, and (as emphasized earlier) enthusiastic.A great recommendation from a friend of mine to try this place, and I hope you'll seek out this strong establishment for yourself, too.  Highest recommendation.
<review# 636,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/2/2013,7/25/2013,242,444,2,5,2>Lovely spot to be in the warm weather!  Held at Gardner Jackson Park/the Providence River Greenway, this flea market has vendor after vendor selling a variety of vintage clothing, antiques, crafts, and more!  Plenty of parking on the street (or in the Wild Colonial lot I found myself in) this market is an easy in and out.  Food trucks such as Like No Udder, Fusion Gourmet, Plouf Plouf, and the like line the street for a quick bite to eat.Shuffle through the grass with the cool ocean breezes whipping through your hair while you peruse the unique fare... Bring your kids, pets, and friends!  Take a break by dangling your legs over the river's edge or rest on one of the benches lining the small boardwalk.  I will likely return for a Bit & Little Bit vendor t-shirt stating "Rhode Island: 3% Bigger at Low Tide" cause it's just so cool :-DOpen 10-4, rain or shine, through August 25th!!!  Check it out!
<review# 637,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/9/2013,7/24/2013,84,176,2,2,3>Man, I know I am so late to the Poco Loco party that the keg may be kicked, but I just have to share my $2-taco opinion anyway.The stars aligned that I was at the In-Downcity Cinco de Mayo Block Party with both Poco Loco and our effervescent CM, Hilary, for she introduced me to the wonderfulness that is the BLT and PBJ tacos. Seriously, there was a Cinco de Mayo party going on in my mouth. You already read about the BLT taco, so I won't elaborate other than to say, if you haven't tried it, do it. The PBJ -- which I originally thought was a peanut-butter-and-jelly taco -- is actually the much more culinary appropriate (pulled)pork, black bean and jalapeno concoction. It is topped off with cheese and sweet chili BBQ sauce. And wholly queso is it good!I immediately followed this feisty truck on both Facebook and Twitter -- I am not missing a roll of those wheels I tell you. And I am determined to hunt them down on a lunch break soon. I can't wait to try the Green Monstah. For just $2 a piece, I can easily score a cheap, amazing Mexican lunch for under $5. Estoy enamorado.
<review# 638,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/4/2013,7/23/2013,26,103,2,2,2>This place is lovely.So the farm replicates what a farm from 1799 would have looked like. The farm is stocked with breeds of animals from that period; not animals from that period as my 7yr old stated as they would all be dead. The buildings are similarly historic structures so the place has the look and feel of similar period places e.g. Plimoth Plantation. It is set on a large plot of land; however most of the animals and all the structures are within a 100yds of the main entrance. I felt totally at home talking to the Ox, walking with the turkeys and I swear if I had stayed just a big longer the chickens would have laid an egg just for me.But seriously this place is a great farm on which to burn an hour with the kids. We are city folk and so getting my kids on to a farm was a bit of a sell but once there the kids loved the total freedom that Coggeshall Museum affords all guests.  Even my 16yr old daughter enjoyed our time there.The kids have already asked to go back, this time I'm expecting an egg.
<review# 639,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/13/2013,7/22/2013,69,159,3,2,2>When I worked in the East Bay, this was THE stop I made to get my bagel on. Relatively convenient location, easy parking, great quality and variety, and awesome customer service. The prices are reasonable, too. Whether it's cream-cheese-lox-onion-capers on a garlic, a roast beef sandwich with lettuce and tomato on an onion, or a dozen assorted for the house, it's all good. All of it. They also cater, although that end of their business (beyond the bagel sandwiches) isn't that impressive.
<review# 640,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/27/2014,3/27/2014,37,74,3,5,4>Not the fanciest winery tour you'll ever go on, but a pleasant way to spend a few hours with some friends.  You get a brief tour of the facility that covers both their wine making process and the history of the company (impressive that this started as the owner's hobby!), and then you move on to the tasting, where we got to try 10-12 different wines and eat snacks from an Italian bakery in Johnston that we'll also be seeking out in the future. Most of the wines range from the quite sweet to the incredibly sweet, so if that's not your bag be warned. There's also the wine slush (which is exactly what the name implies), which wasn't to my taste but others in our group enjoyed.Basically, if you're looking for a nice afternoon sipping wines and supporting local business, this is a good way to go about that.
<review# 641,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/23/2014,3/26/2014,136,330,2,8,4>We loved touring the bucket brewery! $10 tour, glass and tasting or just $2 for a tasting! It's great to see how and the passion behind this local craft brewery and the pride of taking home your fresh bucket growler! Poured right in your backyard and super fresh! We loved the maple stout - sooo good! Can't wait to see bucket brews on tap in more places in the area!!
<review# 642,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/5/2014,3/25/2014,55,117,5,6,6>I'm sitting a the salon wondering what I said last time I was here and realized how wrong I was. Their mani pedis are consistently fabulous and the lengthy foot and back runs are better than anywhere else I've been.Another perk is you hardly ever have to wait for an appointment! I think I've been here twenty times in the past three years and has to wait once. They have a decent color section including a wide variety of gel colors. I'm a big fan of the neon colors available in the standard polish. Also the prices are pretty low. A mani pedi is $40 for a regular or $60 for regular pedi and a gel mani. Not to shabby!
<review# 643,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/21/2014,3/24/2014,62,60,2,6,6>I've put off writing this review for awhile simply because I hate to tell too many people about this tiny and delicious place.  I love the food and relaxed feeling and especially enjoy it on the less crowded nights- I recommend Mondays or Tuesdays.  I went on a recent Tuesday evening with my nieces and treated them to a night of tapas galore.  It's BOYB so we brought an Argentinian Malbec and it paired perfectly with the jamon, manchego and bravas.  Something about those potatoes with a fried egg on top and a spicy peppery sauce makes my mouth water.  I like the feel of the place- a small, open kitchen where you can watch the chefs in action, ask them about the ingredients  and complement them on their work.  The food is simple and yet so full of flavor.  Prawns in an extra garlicy oil with a side of bread for sopping up the juice.  And at the end of the night, I happily shared some of my wine with the talented and hard working staff.  Cheers!
<review# 644,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/22/2014,3/23/2014,386,693,1,5,5>We recently moved to Federal Hill and wanted to get to know our neighborhood better. I had no idea about the gems and treasures that were just steps from our home, and probably wouldn't have discovered them on my own. Cindy is the queen of Federal Hill. She educated us about olive oils, balsamic vinegars, imported pastas, and salumi that are sold in shops in the area. We also visited a wine shop and bakery, where the owners took the time to talk to us for a lengthy period about what they do. You get to sample some really tasty food. Not enough for a meal, but it's more than I was expecting.What I liked best about the tour was that it was more than just finding food products that are good. Kind of like what going to a farmers market is like, Cindy helped us to see the relationship between the products and the store owners and when you hear about how much they care about the quality and purity of their products, you're sold. This was a wonderful, wonderful tour. Thanks, Cindy!
<review# 645,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/9/2013,3/22/2014,54,42,,6,5>Barring the great distance I had to travel to get here (25 minutes!), the place was worth it.  Minimalist in design (how much fancier can you turn a threading salon into anyway?), the surroundings and the warm smiles of the owner and her daughter greeted me. She did exactly as I requested.  Although she showed me this product that I can use for natural looking eyebrows, she did it such a non-intrusive manner.  The place just opened and I really wish it were closer but if you live in this area, it is surely worth the visit.  No hype, just honest and skilled service.  I wish them much luck.  Despite the distance, I am strongly considering going back.
<review# 646,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/3/2013,3/21/2014,84,177,3,6,4>East Side Pockets does it better than anyone else, that is all you really need to know. Just go here, and while you are there pick me up something to go because I am getting famished just thinking about completing this review.Everything I have had at East Side Pockets from the falafel, to the chicken kabob wraps, the tzatziki sauce... is perfect. I am always full, satisfied and I don't feel like I  have eaten something that was just terrible (see also burritos, pizza, fast food garbage). I wish this establishment was just a little closer to the office so that I could walk to it on my lunch break because parking in the area can be kind of a pain.
<review# 647,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/22/2013,3/20/2014,38,64,3,5,4>I am a dessert freak, and besides Pastiche in Federal Hill, this is my next go-to place. Feeling adventurous and ravenous for French macarons, I endeavored to bake my own macarons at home. Boy, was that a disaster! They had turned into flat, too-chewy pancakes. However, I desperately needed my fix, especially after my first taste of macarons at Laduree in NYC. I was so pleased to find that this bakery conveniently opened downtown, which was typically a gloomy wasteland of sad, abandoned buildings of old.Ellie's macarons do not disappoint! The cheesecake, pistachio, and popcorn flavors are delish, and these babies are adorably placed in quilted, glass mason jars to go :)The establishment is cute and quaint, but on point with their macarons!
<review# 648,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/23/2013,3/19/2014,52,188,4,7,4>Finally... the real deal. I'll be the first to admit that I totally dig American-style super-sized maki rolls. Sometimes, you're super hungry and just want that familiar satisfaction.But if you want truly authentic, fresh and so clean clean, Japanese-style sushi, Ran Zan is really your only choice in Providence.Let's start with the atmospheric pressure. You walk in and already feel like you're in a petite hole-in-the-wall Tokyo style sushi cafe/bistro. The man behind the sushi counter is this elderly white-haired Japanese man with a full-out white beard. It's like he's straight out of a Kabuki drama. Then, you glance to the left, double take, and realize that OH YES. There are Japanese variety shows playing in the background. And J-pop tween Justin Bieber look-alikes singing in technicolor fields. The rest of this joint is run by the sushi-man's wife, who keeps the operation homey--"When you're here, you're family." Er... maybe Olive Garden comparisons are inaccurate here. But you get what I'm saying.Now let's get to the sushi. Seriously--no joke FRESHEST fish in town. I don't even understand where they stock this fish, given that there's no hint of artificial preservation, and no hint of that rubbery texture indicating it's been sitting out for a while. The tuna just melts in your mouth.  The imitation crab tastes like delicately chopped fresh fish mixed in a homemade stock.If it is not apparent, I am a huge fan. Hands down, no comparison, your one stop wonder for Japanese food in Providence.
<review# 649,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/30/2013,3/18/2014,23,78,5,9,6>Isn't it wonderful to live in a state with a trove of gastronomic talent and an abundance of outstanding dining experiences? I'm happy to add birch to my list of exceptional Providence restaurants. To begin, it's important to understand the setting. The space is very small with room for less than about 20 diners in total. Everyone is seated on tall chairs around a bar where the bartenders/servers prepare drinks, take orders, and serve meals. Based on the seating configuration, I'd say its best experienced by small parties (4 at the very most--best for a couple).The chef and his wife, both previously employed at The (cavernous) Dorrance, have done an outstanding job in this tiny space. Cocktails are excellent, and the spirits, wine, and beer selections should please even the most ardent wassailer. The menu is seasonal, locally sourced, and inventive. Everything we tasted was phenomenal. Portion sizes were just right (this isn't TGIFriday's, folks), and the four course tasting for less than $50 is a great price for food of this quality. They also hit the mark with the service. The staff is welcoming, knowledgeable, and really went above and beyond to make my special occasion (an anniversary dinner) extra special. I'm excited to return to birch; let's just keep this review between us though. Remember, space is limited.
<review# 650,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/9/2012,12/24/2012,103,203,1,5,3>Superior Bakery is a well-known purveyor of the rolls that you see at the big box grocery stores and such. I knew that their headquarters were located in Cranston, but I didn't realize that they had a retail shop until I moved to the West Bay about  ten years ago.  I have frequented their store ever since - I am long overdue in giving them the props they deserve.Like I mentioned above, the bagged rolls are their "thing".  But - if you step into their retail store they have a wide assortment of hard and soft loaves and rolls that you can buy individually.  They will even slice to order with the larger loaves.My fave part of this little shop is the assortment of slices with yummy toppings that can be purchased and heated to order - not to mention the calzones.  Eggplant parmesan, buffalo chicken, white pizza and the classic 'roni  to name a few of the tasty toppings.  You can order up a party pizza (red sauce - with or without cheese) for your next event - OR get a hot pizza to order for the nights when cooking up dinner is not your thing.The sauce on the pizza is flavorful and perfectly seasoned.  The crust is the thick, pan style variety but oh-so good.  It is crispy underneath and the edges are done to perfection - I will sometimes start with the crispy out crust first when enjoying my slice!Service is not always with a smile, but they get the job done.  They are polite and never make you wait.  It tops my list of places to grab a quick tasty bite to eat.
<review# 651,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/24/2012,12/23/2012,72,146,,5,3>Great place to grab some Spanish fare! The sandwiches are made one at a time and with the freshest ingredients. The menu changes daily but the popular items seem to alway return frequently. From the ultimate chorizo down to simple olives the food is amazing. I loved the spreadable sausage "Sobrasada" I think, it had a great spice and was mouth watering delicious. The atmosphere is a classic european eatery. just a few stools and plenty of place to stand. Not for everyone but it makes for a casual hang out. And just next door is a ENO, so grab a bottle of wine and hang out with a group of friends and get some Tapas!
<review# 652,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/3/2012,12/21/2012,261,199,1,11,4>Went here yesterday ya'll for a bouncen' good time!This place just opened up so they need to work on a couple things but overall our group had so much fun!So the basics:-next to planet fitness-plenty of parking-wear workout clothes... you will get SWEATY-they give you shoes or you can wear your socks-you can buy tix online $14 for one hour session (trust me 1hr is enough!)- there are 4 total spaces: 1. small ball zone 2. dodgeball zone 3. one bouncy room  + the best is the 4. foam pit (where you can flip!)- you get a colored wrist band + they tell you when your hour is up- there is music + bday parties galore!The lockers aren't really working-- something with the locks being broken but the staff let us keep the important things behind the desk. The place was SUPER busy around 5pm-- tons + tons of kids of all ages... and for some reason I thought it would be a little bit bigger. I went with a group of adults + we still managed to have a  good time even though we were surrounded by the little ones-- would recommend the adult only hours though-- - but it seems like from other reviews they are still working out that whole 'adult only' idea. There is only 1 person allowed in each square space in the large trampoline room + you can't sit down... I got the whistle... but in reality I just couldn't get up because I was laughing so hard! You can flip if ya like... but don't flip on the green sections THEY DO NOT BOUNCE. ouch!For someone who has never been to a trampoline park this was a great way to spend one hour laughing with my friends + just being silly happy. I heard they might have aerobics classes in the future... which would be awesome. It really is tough to bounce for an hour + this comes from someone who just finished P90X! I am sore today!I think this place has a lot of potential-- I do hope however they separate the young + the old... because I would like to go back without thinking I might trample a 5 year old.  The parents there seemed really happy though + their kids were being active + having a blast! It would be great if the music was louder during the 'adult hours' and they played music videos on the screen instead of football... I mean even a disco ball would be epic. Looking forward to going back.If you need laughter + movement in your life, this is your kinda place!
<review# 653,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,9/7/2012,12/20/2012,28,44,3,2,1>Here's the deal...GreenLite is a Pinkberry knock-off, right down to the lighting fixtures and west coast color palette, but it's a pretty decent knock-off.  Like P-berry, they offer 6 yogurt flavors each day, but GreenLite's switch out more often and with more variation.  Unlike P-berry, the yogurt is just okay.  The flavors are pretty good, but the consistency isn't as creamy or as satisfying. It's a tad more like ice milk, or maybe what you'd expect frozen yogurt to taste like...which isn't exactly electrifying but gets the job done.Best flavors are salted caramel pretzel, triple chocolate, chocolate red velvet cupcake, and blueberry.  The peanut butter needs a good dollop or 10 of peanut butter and some of the other fruit flavors are rather bland.Toppings are good; some fresh fruit, some candy, some nuts, some sauces.  They could use larger cups or something, because you don't get too many on the smaller sizes (I had blueberries and ended up with a whopping three).  They are really pushing the health factor here, and it's a bit much.  Posters and table tents scream at you "it's Kosher!  We use real fruit!  Did we mention the calcium?"  Yes, yogurt is better than ice cream, it's great that it's low fat, and everyone loves probiotics these days (thanks to Jamie Lee Curtis' insistance that'll make you regular), but really now, is it the second coming?  No, I don't think so.  Especially not if you're adding on chocolate chips and 'nilla wafers and such.  All in all, a welcome new resident to the commercial mecca that is Mineral Springs...
<review# 654,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/1/2012,12/19/2012,28,340,5,7,2>I've been to Red Bridge at least another 5x since my last review and although the food has been spot-on every time, the service from one particular waitress is becoming very off-putting so I'm updating my rating to four stars.Episode #1: The Waitress Wants to Go Home!Last month my wife and I arrived around 9pm and it was only this particular server and the bartender working. The waitress took our drink order and never came back. Now why is that? Well, she was arguing in plain sight with the bartender on how she wanted to go home so for a good 10mins she decides to hang out by the bar, not doing anything productive aside from arguing with the bartender (who was remaining very cordial), and then finally she says "OK, I'm leaving" and huffs out the door. To say it was embarrassing is an understatement. The bartender then had to handle everyone in the place which luckily consisted of only a couple of patrons at the bar and 2-3 groups at tables. He was very nice so he salvaged what could have been a disastrous meal.Episode #2: HULK SMASH!So I decide to have dinner here on Saturday night and brought my brother along with me and my wife. Before we entered the place I had told my brother of the disastrous time with that particular server when...oh no, once seated she comes to our table to take our order. The positive is that she was very friendly (at first), asked me for a beer refill in a timely manner, and informed my brother that he was going to love the chicken and tortellini special (which he did). However, she was pretty darn rude all other times. As we're eating our wings she comes by with three extra plates and goes "Do you want these?" and before we could even answer she HULK SMASHES them on the table and walks away. My brother gave me the most priceless look and I said to him "Uh oh." After our meals were served she came over to ask how our food was and as she was asking "How is everything" she's walking away, meaning whatever we said would have been said to empty space. Later when we received our check and I paid via credit card she came by with the slip and said "Have a nice night" as she was AGAIN walking away (so we couldn't have said anything in return) and it was such a half-hearted comment my brother and wife were offended.This particular waitress is there most times I go there for dinner so maybe she's the owner's best friend or relative or whatever, but I'm beginning to think I should take an extended break from eating here as I'm the most easy going person and her attitude has now turned two good meals into mediocre meals. It's really too bad because I love the food and it's a very comfortable atmosphere but I wish the owners would do something about this surly waitress as it's driving regulars like me away.
<review# 655,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/17/2012,12/18/2012,341,508,,3,2>I am usually quite skeptical of Restaurant Week deals. I have had some really unfortunately experiences with seriously sub-par food. I took a chance and headed to Parkside Rotisserie & Bar for lunch and decided to partake in the RW menu. Overall, it wasn't disappointing. First of all, our server was very pleasant and helpful. He checked in on us occasionally, but not to the point of annoying us. The menu options were appetizing, and we decided to get one of each of the appetizers and share both. The first was a fried pork dumpling. It was very flavorful and a nice, bright start to the meal. The other was an heirloom tomato and cucumber napoleon with thin toasts of bread and blue cheese. This was a bit milder in flavor but had a great fresh quality that we really enjoyed. Overall we were happy with both.For my entree, I selected the chicken pot pie option. Although it was good, it paled next to the one I make myself at home. The veloute needed a bit more seasoning (salt would be a start, but a little fresh herbs like thyme or rosemary wouldn't hurt either). The filling was nice and chunky and the chicken was obviously very fresh. The crust was thin and not flaky. I didn't mind the meager crust as I have been watching my diet, but others may have wanted something more bold.For dessert we both selected the NY style cheesecake, which arrived in small squares with a side of sour cherry sauce and whipped cream. The cheesecake was pretty nice, but was topped with a bit of condensation (my thoughts are it was covered and chilled before it was completely cool). This didn't effect the flavor at all but was unsightly. A flaw. Otherwise, the dessert was satisfying and although small, the perfect size to finish off our meal. I'm pretty pleased with this visit to Parkside. I try to be forgiving with Restaurant Week menus, as they often contain dishes not on the regular menu and therefore seem to lack something otherwise found in the cuisine. We were both pleased with our meals, despite a few oversights. I'd be happy to come back and dine here again.
<review# 656,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/18/2012,12/17/2012,56,186,,4,2>I love Blue Plate! My only disappointment is that it is not closer!The food is unreal! No matter what I get, I always enjoy it. Blue Plate made me fall in love with breakfast after years of not enjoying it! There are tons of options for breakfast and lunch/dinner, so you will never get bored. Their french toast is out of this world! The patty melt is a greasy piece of heaven!If you are in the area, or hungover and looking for a quick pixk me up, run to Blue Plate!
<review# 657,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/24/2012,12/16/2012,231,95,2,2,2>Ok, went back and had their Reuben and Cherise sandwich. Yup, a reuben with a slab of chourico on top of it. It was delicious but there was definitely a difference in the amount of corned beef in both sandwiches. As in my first reuben had about three inches of meet (he he) and my second one only had a one inch.While it tasted good, I'm wondering why difference in the meat amount?I still need to try those Roadhouse fries...
<review# 658,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/21/2012,12/15/2012,239,181,,4,2>Best, inexpensive Asian food in town.Honestly you really have no need to go anywhere else. The friendly service and very affordable meals keep me coming back.The tough thing about the restaurant is the location (not much parking in the small lot) and the size of the restaurant (tends to get full on busy nights). I highly recommend the nime chow and honestly anything on the menu. I have yet to order anything I didn't like.
<review# 659,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/10/2012,12/14/2012,53,70,3,2,2>This place...Casual yet elegant.  Humble yet respectful.  Gourmet yet not overpriced.  I love me some Loie Fuller.The space is beautiful and welcoming.  The bar area is big enough to accommodate those just having a drink, waiting for a table or even eating dinner at the bar.  And the drinks are might tasty.  They've got a terrific, easy to navigate wine menu too.  Nothing too expensive and some great options in the $30 range with a solid selection of wines by the glass.All of the above are reasons enough to try this place.  But the food keeps me coming back again and again.  Most of my favorite spots I have a go-to dish but I think I've tried everything they have on offer here - meats, fish, chicken, pork, veggie, and I've never had a regret.Note - they also make an awesome brunch!
<review# 660,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/6/2013,12/4/2013,23,78,5,6,2>Today, we live in an era where small businesses are called "start-ups," and entrepreneurs pick the names of their businesses based on URL availability and potential for keywords & SEO. If someone were going to open a pet store today it might be called Pet.ly, Petstr, WarwickRIPetSupplyStore., or Poochify.No so very long ago...in a simpler time--back in the 20th Century--many small business owners selected a name for their business with a goal of optimizing their placement in a giant phonebook. Businesses with names like "A Reliable Plumber," "Always Amazing Wedding DJ," and "All About Pets" were born to appear at the beginning of an alphabetized list.If you're looking for quality pet food (not that cheap Purina crap that will give your dog cancer) look no further than All About Pets. If you're looking for a quality grooming experience (Denise is always willing to try and squeeze in an appointment for my dog), head over to All About Pets. If you want to pick up some disgusting looking chicken feet chew toys, All About Pets has you covered. If you want to support a local business that understands the importance of a name that starts with A... you know the drill.If you want a puppy mill; a giant warehouse filled to the rafters with cheap, disposable junk and staffed by pimply high school kids who can't wait to clock out, head over to one of the big box pet stores.
<review# 661,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/15/2013,12/3/2013,171,187,5,7,4>In Greek mythology, Circe was a goddess with magical powers who turned men into swine in Homer's Odyssey. In downtown Providence, Circe takes on a different form, but their brunch is still pretty mythical, allowing local goddesses the chance to get together and, well, pig out. I've been to Circe for drinks as well as brunch, and I really enjoy the cozy, warm, welcoming and modern atmosphere.Brunch is a leisurely delight; don't arrive looking for the lively drag brunches of this venue's old Downcity Diner days. Circe's brunch is a decidedly more sedate affair. Over the past weekend, three of us tucked into the front corner table and whiled away nearly three very happy hours here. We all started with fresh coffee and unlimited champagne and mimosas garnished with strawberries. If, like me, your mornings usually consist of pious protein shakes or egg white scrambles, the Silver Star sweet bread pumpkin French toast is just the kind of sweet reward that you deserve every now and then. Served with maple brown sugar butter and drizzled with candied pecans and syrup, it is deliciously decadent. If your taste tends toward more savory selections, there are three different types of eggs Benedict on the menu, along with steak and eggs, and sweet potato hash. The drinks flow freely the entire time, and it's oh, so easy to lose yourself to a meal that stretches well into the afternoon. This is what Sundays are made for, and I've yet to find a place in Providence that puts on a more stylish brunch than Circe.The attentive table service is a testament to the fantastic hospitality that the Carlozzi brothers, Carlo and Dino, show their guests. Carlo's earned a reputation for slinging a mean drink, and the cocktail menu at Circe reflects his creativity and talent.  These guys are hardworking and humble. The first time I met Carlo, he simply took my coat and offered to hang it during a cocktail party that had drawn a capacity crowd. He introduced himself by his first name, and it wasn't until later in the evening, when someone told me who he was. I was struck by his willingness to be involved at every level of the restaurant's operation to ensure that his customers are enjoying themselves. Our server, Kevin, embodied that same kind of care and consideration this weekend; he was always there to see that our experience was a good one (and our flutes filled). I'm looking forward to more Sunday mornings here, catching up with my ladies over a bubbly-filled brunch.
<review# 662,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/24/2013,12/1/2013,41,226,1,9,3>Well color me surprised. Never did I think I would find a place in downtown Arctic that I'd consider going to, let alone going back to!Boneheads is going for a rock themed, wing bar scene...and they've nailed it. The place is adorned with really cool touches, from band logos on the walls to each of the tables painted as famous guitars of rock legends. Some of the free standing tables have tickets, others guitar picks...just very cool!The beer list is limited, but decent. I kicked off my trip with a Shipyard Pumpkinhead with the very necessary caramel/cinnamon sugar rim. Yum!The wing sauce list is extensive, with each of the sauces appearing on a Billboard-esque listing, and hotness indicated as appropriate. I tried the "Blister in the Sun", an interesting mix of BBQ, mustard, and hot sauce...and damn, was it hot!My favorite part had to be the black and tan beer-battered onion rings. Without a doubt, the best rings I've ever had.Service was okay, but the guy who I assume is the owner is very hands-on and just a great guy to talk to. Clearly he appreciates every customer, and it really showed!
<review# 663,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/7/2013,11/30/2013,239,181,3,3,3>Holy moley how have I not reviewed the Horns? Seriously, if you are in the mood for Pho you really need to head over here. There is no question about "oh what else is good in the area..." No you need to go to the Horns immediately. Only on a few occaisons have I seen the Horn's busy but "busy" means we had to wait a few seconds for the waitress to seat us, there is almost never a wait.They have great dishes aside from Pho, staples like fried rice, even their pad thai good here (more peanuty than usual). But you didn't come here for that right? You want the Pho.
<review# 664,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/15/2013,11/29/2013,27,126,,5,4>Good Times is aptly named. It's not Incredible Times. It's not Epic Times. It's not Mindblowingly Awesome Times. But we did have a good time. We had a pretty grueling morning spent climbing, hiking, and spelunking through the woods so we were trying to think of a place in our neighborhood that wouldn't be too classy for a trio covered in dirt and sweat. We rolled into Good Times on a  Saturday, just before noon, for an early lunch and the place was empty.We briefly debated over whether or not it's acceptable to order a beer at 11:45 in the morning, but we unanimously decided that we had no moral dilemma about morning drinking. With 5 or 6 beers on tap we were each able to get what we wanted. The food, as the name says, is good. We didn't get to try a very broad array of options since we each decided to order the same meal, but we liked what we got. The chili was satisfying and the wings had just the right amount of heat and good flavor. The best part was the prices. Everything, especially on the lunch menu, was a great value. I liked it here. We had a good meal and a good time. We'll definitely be back at some point.
<review# 665,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/16/2013,11/28/2013,28,56,4,8,4>We live right down the street from Edgewood Manor, and are happy to say that this has become the go-to location for our inlaws when they are in town.  While the location of the manor is not conducive to walking, the grounds are lovely and the rooms are warm and inviting.  Their breakfast is top notch, which cannot be said for all B&Bs.  The gentleman running the place is a bit of a talker, but that's ok.  As a side note, there was a bridal shower being hosted the day after their last stay - from the looks of the setup, this would be a beautiful location for a spring shower or day party!
<review# 666,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/23/2013,11/27/2013,72,191,2,6,2>I love love love the drive in experience. Seeing as a I work in the movie theater industry I want something more then the cookie cutter mega multiplex, and Rustic hits the spot. I've been coming here since I was a child and it's the same as ever. Beware you need treed on your tires in some spots (I recently watched a few cars tires skid trying to make it up small bumpy hills to catch the prime parking spot). The only thing that gets me is the lack of employees walking around... it would be nice to have them telling people to turn off their interior lights or even their headlights. Also it can be some what un-family friendly... with the teenagers necking....and what not...It would also be nice to have smoke free areas, sitting with your kids or smoke free family and have a crew of Marlboro cowboys behind you smoking it up the whole time can put a damper on your movie going experience.
<review# 667,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/11/2013,11/26/2013,114,236,5,7,4>"You know, my one regret was hiring movers. We totally should have just saved the money and did that ourselves. It always goes so much smoother when I delegate orders to my sweaty, altruistic friends, and man, they just love that beer and pizza." SAID NO ONE EVER. And if someone did say that, they most definitely did not have a team as efficient and capable as Cunha movers (Bob, Mike & Chris)These guys *flew* through the move, wielding their leverage straps, carrying stacks of boxes of BOOKS on their backs, and were happy and upbeat while doing it. They totally didn't mind us helping the process along to get it done in as little time as possible, as long as we stayed off the truck itself. And bonus soundtrack of slow 90's R&B jams on truck: "Cuz tonight, baby, I WANNA GET FREAKY WITH YOU!"And then they drove on to another job for the afternoon! Everything placed just where I wanted it, nothing broken, this was the lowest stress moving day of my life. Highly recommended!
<review# 668,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/4/2013,11/25/2013,84,177,2,5,3>Love, love, love AAA. You may never need roadside assistance, but you kow what you do need? Licensee renewals with zero line, almost full DMV services is worth the membership alone. AAA also will get you a discount on pretty much everything ever, it is not just about movie tickets anymore people, although those are great and I would like some in my Christmas stocking. K thanks. I also want to say the staff has always been really friendly at this location which makes the task of stopping in all the less painless. I have never been displeased with AAA.
<review# 669,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/3/2013,11/24/2013,70,106,2,2,2>I finally found the place to get my macarons fix! Their macarons are beautifully made and the best part is they have very creative flavors. Gorgeous display of the delicious pastries, sandwiches, cookies and treats. Their coffee is solid, fresh and strong. They even have a stamp card for their drinks!There are limited seating spaces but I have never had trouble getting a seat. It's hard to find parking around the area so there were times I just kept looping around and gave up (I guess I need to try harder). Swing by for afternoon tea and a quick dessert fix. Absolutely divine.
<review# 670,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/11/2011,10/17/2011,69,159,,5,3>I'm really digging the Ivy. It isn't so much the food. My boyfriend thoroughly enjoyed his burger, and barely finished it. I had a couple bites, and it was tasty. My calamari, however (I know, I know, don't get calamari at a bar), was not so great. It sounds fancy on the menu, with the cucumber slaw, and hot cherry pepper sauce, and the remoulade, but it was rather lackluster. The squid was not fried enough. The slaw was the best part about the dish. It was so unremarkable that I actually left my takeout box at the bar. It isn't so much the variety.There are a couple quality brews on tap, like Warsteiner, Lagunitas, and Allagash. The Ivy has relabeled Newport Storm's IPA as their "Ivy IPA." I overheard another patron ask the bartender, "So Newport let you call it Ivy IPA?" and the bartender unconvincingly replied, "Uh... yeah..."  It's the atmosphere. The decor in here is an odd mix of cheesy Tuscan and sports. This little walk-in closet of a tavern has three televisions. The posters and photos are not so Red Sox-centric, which is refreshing. Football, baseball, wrestling, and it's all pretty interesting. Couples to the left and right of us were cool, and our conversations overlapped in a genial manner. The bartender was immediately accommodating, friendly, and attentive. My water glass literally never stayed empty for more than a minute. He had empty glass radar. It was so easy to sit back and drink and watch the Red Sox game. There is just a great vibe in here. I really like that at my corner of the bar, near the door, I could see right into their kitchen. It was fun to watch the guys work back there. Between the Sox, the kitchen, and the other patrons, I was thoroughly entertained.
<review# 671,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/18/2011,10/16/2011,93,53,,2,2>I'm lovin' hte De Las Olas. I seek it out and have them outside The Avery on Tuesday nights. As I've told them in my infinite wisdom: "I know that I'm eatin' something," when I have their pork tacos. The chili's make me sweat even on these cooler nights of September. The burritos are just a lot of good food - a full meal. Tacos are just right. One's not enough, three's too many. Enjoy!
<review# 672,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/21/2011,10/15/2011,82,56,,1,1>Has "Cupcake Happy Hour" from 4-5pm!  Half price cupcakes with the purchase of a drink!  How devine!  The seasonal drinks are great and the staff is very friendly.  The place is usually crowded and has a very trustafarian/intelligencia feel... lots of students from Brown/RISD.  So grab your book and head down there, definately feel free to ask if you can share a table and enjoy the delicious coffee blends and maybe a cupcake!  Definately more character than the Starbucks around the corner but with far less seating.  :(  They have great cappuccino and the chai/cider combo (winter seasonal) is a fab coffe alternative!
<review# 673,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/26/2011,10/14/2011,57,152,3,2,4>Open Saturday: 9:00 AM to 12:00 PM May 7 to November 19, 2011 (Starts May 12th 2012)      This is a great little market, the photo I added has a couple of stands cropped out, so there is more than meets the eye here. I'm pretty jazzed about the $4 jar of local honey that I got(plan to treat my allergies with it), and the farmer who sold it to me was a wealth of knowledge reg. naturopathy.   I'd like to see it grow a little more, and it would be nice if people would not crowd the path with dogs/toddlers/giant jogging strollers..
<review# 674,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/30/2011,10/13/2011,55,348,4,4,3>If you want to gain 10 pounds in a single evening, then this is your place. Basically everything on the menu is fried, breaded, or dipped in sauce. If you know this going in, you'll enjoy your experience much more. They have all kinds of tasty treats like sweet potato fries (which I'm pretty sure are dusted in cocaine), gorgonzola tater tots, and Mac n' Cheese. For the main dish, your best bet is to go with a "make your own burger" although I've had friends order other items off the menu and aren't disappointed. But remember, you're paying $12-$20 per person total here-- this isn't some fancy gourmet burger place. The prices are quite fair for what you get.
<review# 675,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/24/2011,10/11/2011,16,90,,5,1>Stopped in to check out the new local burger joint on Ives. They apparently moved from Fall River and were highly rated there.I had the "Cowboy Burger" which was a patty with cheese, bbq sauce, and onion straws. It was pretty dang good. The patty was nice and juicy, the onion straws were great, and the bun was good. The real star of the show was the fries. I had the plain (not sweet potato) fries and they were fantastic. Not too thin, not too thick, crispy, hot, not soggy.SInce they just opened they don't have a full menu up and running yet but what they have is already extensive. I will be coming back to try more stuff.The only warning I would give is that they cook their burgers to temp and they do it the right way. This means that if you say medium they will make you a burger with a warm pink center. I know some people think that is undercooked for a burger (they really want medium well). If you think that don't order it medium (they even say so on a sign on their wall).
<review# 676,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/1/2011,10/10/2011,104,60,6,2,1>Oh if the alleys of good ol EP Lanes could talk, the things they would say...I have been a frequent visitor of EP Lanes since my tour in 'Nam.  Haha just kidding. But it has been at least 10 years.  Man! After reading that I all of a sudden feel really old!  Oh well. I digress!Here is everything you need to know about EP Lanes:-Not luxurious by any means-Bowling prices are a bit on the high side-Call ahead and find out if leagues are going on-Expect a little bit of a wait on the weekends-Rock n' Bowl or whatever the kids are calling these days is awesome-The food is decent for a bowing alley (if that means anything)-If you are 21+ then take advantage of the pitcher specials at Strikers Lounge-If you are not 21 then I would advise against drinking because they usually have a police officer on duty on their busy nights-Don't hit on anybody here they may be cute under the blacklights but heinous in any other light. -Just because she has a "I'm 21" bracelet doesn't mean you should check her license yourself-Expect a lot of jail bait, thugs, wanna be thugs, hipsters, white trash kind of folks.  Did I leave anybody out?-To sum it up best, everything you see at Walmart, you will see at EP LanesBut for all of these reasons is what keeps me coming back for more!  I friggin love this place!WeatherMan Predicts: A strong chance of feeling the effects of their acid beers the next day. 100% chance of some pretty awesome people watching. 90% chance of people using funny names on the electronic scorecard. 40% chance you will see people that take bowling seriously and will bring their own equipment. .2% chance of you bowling a perfect game!
<review# 677,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/21/2011,10/9/2011,149,382,,3,4>Cable Car shows indie movies in a comfy theater (only one screen) with couches (so you can cozy up with your date) and chairs.  I haven't eaten anything but they have a decent selection of cafe food (sandwiches, smoothies, etc) and drinks (beer, coffee, soda, etc).  It is a great location on the bottom of the hill near Brown or a short walk from Providence Place (where we usually park).  The staff is friendly and had a great experience the two times I've been.  It is worth the drive to Providence from Mendon, MA to see a movie (they get the movies that won't play in any mainstream theater.
<review# 678,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/30/2011,10/8/2011,92,185,2,5,2>Who'da thought with all of the wonderful Providence restaurants participating in restaurant week, we'd end up in Woonsocket?  Vintage's menu was among the most appealing sounding of the options (I see gnocchi, and it's insta-drool for me), and we had been meaning to give it a try since we're in the Woonsocket area on a fairly regular basis, so this is where we ended up on Saturday night.  This place is definitely a diamond in the rough!We were seated upstairs, which had a really nice warm feel to it.  The restaurant is in a renovated mill building, so it has that exposed brick and wood beam ceiling look that I love.  There's a fireplace up there too, completing the warm and cozy feel.  We sat at a nice little table for 2 with a comfy suede corner couch near the bar.  There is also a massive salt water fish tank behind the bar, and I overheard the bartender telling another customer the tragic story behind why there is only one fish in it.  Apparently they didn't do their research about which fish can be put in tanks together, so one of the fish ate the rest of them.  Whoops!The only negative comment I have to make is that it took an eternity for us to get our appetizer.  We ordered the caprese salad (very good once we received it), which doesn't even require cooking, yet it took about 40 minutes for them to get it out to us.  Our waiter explained that the kitchen was short-staffed that night and apologized profusely.  The entree and dessert courses came out a lot quicker though, thankfully!The food itself was excellent!  I got the sweet potato gnocchi, which came in a brandy cream sauce with roasted red peppers, spinach, and onions.  I've eaten a lot of gnocchi at a lot of places in my time, and I must say this was the most unique!  The sauce was delicious and the gnocchi had a perfect texture to it.  Boyfriend got the chicken cordon bleu, which was made with prosciutto and puff pastry, and had this amazing raspberry sauce drizzled on top.  It was a very unique combination of flavors, and tasted oh-so-good!  We both stole quite a few bites from one another.  We ordered the chocolate lava cake for dessert.  I must say I was slightly bummed because the menu said it came with a brulee'd banana, but we didn't get one.  :(  The cake was very yummy, although certainly not as oozy as I would expect a lava cake to be.  But, it came with ice cream, so I was happy.Toward the end of our visit, a band started playing.  They had sort of a Hootie and the Blowfish sound to them and weren't too loud, which was really nice, since we were there for dinner and not a concert.  Overall, a very nice place that I would certainly return to!
<review# 679,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/15/2011,10/7/2011,12,27,7,4,1>I love this place. I was considering a 4 star as frequently the beef is from a farm in Washington state rather than local and the pork butt prices are outright insane BUT the selection and service are so good that it warrants a 5 star. There really aren't many places you can get a grass fed T Bone 2 inches thick. The guys behind the counter know their stuff and will help you if you're on the fence about what cut your looking for. They have some good chartucery and a solid cheese selection as well!The prices are VERY high so I don't go every week but after enjoying grass fed beef, the Supermarket stuff just isn't as satisfying. I go for special occasions and grab myself a rib eye and these little cured meat sticks they have on the counter. Definitely get one of those when you go! I also take issue with the negative reviews. A caterer with a sense of entitlement who didn't shop there and a vegetarian. Pork butt in the oven? If you're not smoking the pork butt you're clearly a terrorist. And what business does a vegetarian have reviewing a butcher shop? It's not a sandwich shop, it's not a prepared foods shop; its a high end butcher shop with a great cheese selection. Meat is murder...tasty, tasty murder.
<review# 680,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/21/2011,6/22/2011,296,230,2,7,4>I've been long awaiting for Jamra to open, and finally got to stop in the other night.They're a hookah lounge as well as a Lebanese restaurant, and should be getting their liquor license soon - so this is sure to be a fun night out. It's a great alternative to the "college-y" bars in the area.The decor is is FANTASTIC - and you'll feel so relaxed. In the back area, the tables are low to the floor, and you're seated little stools with a big cushion...very comfy! The hookahs are all very unique, and very clean! They have a whole bunch of flavors to choose from, and they are very helpful if you have never smoked hookah before. The server will keep your coals nice and hot, and you will never taste a trace of ash.I was so impressed by everything that I didn't think it could get any better - until I tried the food! The table shared a hummus with a bunch of extra bread and it was delicious. I also got to try the falafel wrap, and it was the best I've had in the city, hands down. It's slightly different from the falafel wraps you're used to, but definitely a treat. It also comes with a side of pickled vegetables that were very tasty and not too spicy. They compliment the wrap very well.They also had some of the best service I've experienced in quite awhile.I can't wait to try their cocktails...I will have to edit when I do :)
<review# 681,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/12/2010,6/21/2011,16,80,,6,4>It's impossible to live in the Renaissance city of Providence or in RI as a whole without coming to this wonderful, beautiful park. Prospect Park is a Providence icon -- well, one of them anyway. With a fantastic view of the city, benches for everyone to sit and take a load off, and a statue of our founder: Roger Williams. What better way to spend the day? I'd love to see another park view as marvelous as this little baby...oh right, there isn't one. Prospect all the way!
<review# 682,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/25/2011,6/20/2011,70,186,1,8,6>I like walking by Mister Sister and waving to the leather underwear mannequins on my way about town.  It actually makes me really happy to know that a place like this can exist openly on a main street in Providence.The staff are equally inviting.  There's always a friendly dog outside, and it does have a very neighborhood feel to it.  No stress, no judgement, and though I'll admit to occasionally reverting to a giggling adolescent at some of the products, this is actually a good place to do your erotic shopping.  Bachelor/bachelorette party supplies, lubes/lotions/creams, a nice selection of vibrators and toys.  And I've gotten great customer service every time I've been there, just the right amount of attentiveness.Plus, you get that little brown bag with orange tissue paper that is so unique to Mister Sister that if you're opening a present and see it, you can't help but get excited.
<review# 683,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/12/2010,6/19/2011,26,113,5,8,9>Vegan AND gluten free cones! Yes, gluten free ice cream cones so you can once again feel cool eating your ice cream from a cone and not a cup.I have had the chocolate and the chocolate swirl ($3)...both amazingly creamy and smooth. The gluten free cone (around 25 cents more) for me is more of the sensation of holding a cone, as no GF cone ever lives up to my desire for a crisp waffle cone. Karen, the lady behind it all, is absolutely awesome and loves what she does...you can feel it in the products that she puts forth. She wants to give those who are vegan/gluten free/lactose intolerant those "little things" we miss in life. Best dinner party ever: A few weeks ago I hosted a dinner for a group of vegan/vegetarian guests who are new to Providence. What did I do? I called Karen, and she brought the truck by, turned on the jingle, and my guests looked like kids in a candy store! She went out of her way to come and greet some new Rhode Islanders with her tasty treats, and I'm sure they will never forget that dinner party!
<review# 684,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/9/2011,6/18/2011,315,240,2,4,7>I am *addicted* to Wildflour....And no, I am not vegan. Basically, any misconceptions you may have about vegan baking: "Is it dry?" "How can it taste good without using any dairy or eggs?" "It's gotta taste like cardboard..." -- you can just throw it out the window right now because Wildflour truly holds its own against traditional bakeries and more. Things that I love so far from the bakery that I've tried are the chocolate chip cookies, cupcakes (red velvet and coconut, both very moist!), and raw coconut macaroons. I am praying for the raw strawberry "cheesecake" to make an appearance in the future, as that is the most phenomenal cheesecake I've ever had for dessert at Garden Grille (same owner). I want to try the green tea ginger cake next!Their drink menu is also a highlight. It is fairly pricey for smoothies and juices here($4-7), but they are actually using interesting recipes that call for different combinations of fruits and vegetables. For hot beverages, I like the fact they offer not just soy milk, but also hemp milk and almond milk as well. They don't offer rice milk and I am not sure if they offer coconut milk but the fact that I could choose something else over soy milk is a big plus.One negative and it's a weird one: I wish the cafe was a little more cozy with more comfortable seating. Maybe something in the works for the future?I could go on and on, but to make a long story short: I make an effort to come out here at least once a week because it's really that good! I love you Wildflour!
<review# 685,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/6/2011,6/17/2011,53,70,3,9,4>Wow this was good.  Very low key ambiance.  We didn't have a wait but the place sure wasn't empty.  Be sure to bring some wine or beers as they're BYOB if you're so inclined.Honestly I had no idea what to order as I had never eaten Ethiopian food.  Luckily, they make it easy with their combination plates.  We both got Meat Combos with slight variations.  Now, they made a mistake when they brought our food, but it was in our favor.  We had both ordered meat combos for one, but they brought us 2 meat combos for 2.  And we had orderd an appetizer.  I was ready for the challenge, and nearly pulled it off but the hearty beef stew could not be slain.  I LOVED the spicy beef (Key Wot I think is the name?) with cottage cheese to cool down the spice.Try this place!  Dinner for 2 was less than $40 and it was fantastic!
<review# 686,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/11/2011,6/16/2011,53,195,2,3,2>It took me a long time to get here, but OLE = OMG best breakfast burrito ever.I'm not a big fan of bread, so bagels aren't my thing, although if they were I would get them here or at Bagel Gourmet (what other bagel establishments even exist near Brown?).  Bagels aside, I have been hearing about these breakfast burritos since the fall.  The inn on campus at Brown even recommends them to visiting speakers/interviewees.  Why did it take me so long to finally try one?  Yelp told me the address was 228 Thayer instead of 288 Thayer....I once stood for about ten minutes at Angell and Thayer, searching the complex where Tealuxe and Juniper sit for Bagel Gourmet Ole.  Oh, the disappointment.If you make it further up Thayer to the right address, past Kartabar, $5.00 will get you a small (but sizeable) breakfast burrito full of fixings that provides energy without sleepiness.  Egg whites are also available, which is a nice touch.  I took my burrito to go, and it was wrapped to maintain its structural integrity during the walk to my office.  Color me impressed!  Also, the enclosed salsa/sauce on the side is delicious.  Looking forward to my next trip.
<review# 687,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/29/2011,6/15/2011,8,8,2,2,1>This place is great. I just dropped by for restaurant week and the food was excellent. I also really liked the fact that ingredients were locally-sourced and seasonal.I had the salad with seasonal greens, haddock with some sort of beans and greens, and bread pudding. The salad was well dressed and the greens themselves were good, but overall not that exciting. The haddock was really amazing. I'm always a little hesitant to order white fish at a restaurant because it's almost always overcooked and dry. But, the haddock here was perfectly cooked and flaky. The beans and greens were a really tasty accompaniment. Finally, the bread pudding was an excellent finish to the meal.Our server seemed very reserved, but definitely not stuck-up or mean (as some other reviewers suggest). The restaurant was surprisingly sparse (especially for a Friday night), so maybe we got better-than-normal treatment. The ambiance of the restaurant was definitely upscale, but in a young-ish, hip way. Not having dressed up, I felt a little awkward at first, but it wasn't a big deal since there was a pretty good mix of people at the restaurant.I'll definitely come back, but I might check out the bar next time.
<review# 688,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/25/2011,6/14/2011,261,199,,3,1>Best bang for your buck. Probably the best nail place I've been to in RI. Great service and they do a fantastic job on your nails. Not a single mistake...they clean every nail + the owner is so nice + even shook my hand before I left. The girls that work there are very nice + ACTUALLY talk to you. They have tons of colors +the massage chairs are nice. The place is CLEAN and the price is great. $30 for a mani pedi w. a $2 discount if you are a student. Can't beat it.
<review# 689,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/3/2011,6/13/2011,50,59,,3,1>Love this place..small..but i can see myself bringing my laptop here and hanging out and the treats are good too :)3 words people GREEN TEA LATTE. I did not expect it to be so good. I think about that drink at least once a day.Cupcakes;  Red velvet is not like the ones your use to. not very red in color but just as good. I'd describe it as a lighter  tasting cake compared to one from say duck and bunny that is very rich.I also sampled;Very Vanilla, choco dream, and white chocolate  All the little cups of cake there are something i think anyone would try and nod their head in approval..Sure some wont be blown away but it will raise eyebrows definitely.
<review# 690,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/30/2014,4/6/2014,30,135,3,6,3>For my 100th review (cue the balloons & streamers!) I'm happy to give Carr's 5 stars!   I'd give them 6 stars if I could.  On the day I was due to drop the car off (and pick up my rental, arranged by them) I discovered my battery was dead....I had left the dome light on.  Doh!   No problem....with almost no notice they delivered my rental, jumped my car and brought it in.  The finished product is just beautiful, the whole car looks great!  My oxidized headlights had been repaired (and that was not part of the damaged area) and the entire inside detailed.  The contrast between how clean the car is now and what it looked like when I brought it in is actually embarrassing.  Oh yeah, and they dealt w/the insurance company.  I've basically done nothing.  Well, except crack up my car.  Thanks Jason!
<review# 691,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/16/2013,4/5/2014,103,203,,6,3>I love this quirky little branch in the Warwick public library system. Fittingly, it's also located within the quirky Apponaug rotary area. It is an old-school granite library building with an unapologetic, narrow metal stairway leading up to the second level of stacks.  The place is sometimes heated, sometimes not during the winter....depending on whether the furnace kicks on that day. (Don't forget your jacket!) The librarian that works here regularly knows me...and the children by name. Even better - she knows my husband, too, and will sometimes  send along a title home for me in his checkouts.It is a small, condensed collection of titles that you would normally find in a library 100 times its size...and that suits me fine. They have one computer with internet access...and an adorable children's section on the bottom floor.The downside...no elevator or handicap /ramp access. Back in my stroller-pushing days, this library branch was a no-go. Also - there is on-street parking in front of the library that's veerrrry tricky. You are better off parking behind the library within the town hall parking area.The hours here ARE limited, so look them up on-line before heading over. Sometimes less is more...and this spot demonstrates that very concept to perfection.
<review# 692,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/3/2014,4/4/2014,52,134,2,6,4>The only yoga I had ever done before was prenatal yoga, but I attended the Vinyasa flow on Sunday morning and it was amazing. 90 minutes of body and soul cleansing in the 90 degree dry heat.  Valerie was the instructor and I let her know I was new to yoga. She offered suggestions the whole class on how I could modify poses to help with my limited flexibility. I will definitely back!
<review# 693,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/30/2014,4/3/2014,68,635,,5,3>For an Oil and Vinegar place, this is by far the best place I have found, at least in this part of NE.  The service was great and the fact that they let you taste everything is what gives it that extra bump.  They have a great selection of 'standard' oils and vinegars but then they get creative with the infusions.  From a Balsamic perspective, they have a fig infused that is one of the best things I have ever tasted for brochette or just a dipping sauce.  Their 18 year old is fantastic as well.They have a fantastic selections of oils as well and you actually bottle your own, bottles are provided.   I think once you go here, you will never buy oil or vinegar in a store again.  The place is located on Hope Street by 7 Star.
<review# 694,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/15/2014,4/2/2014,28,68,2,6,3>I just got back into this after a little hiatus. Amanda just opened a new facility in East Greenwich two weeks ago and it is AWESOME! Such a beautiful new space with lots of silks (so you don't have to wait long for your turn even in a bigger class) and lots more class times. I love the artwork she had painted on the wall. It makes a great backdrop for pictures! I showed my boyfriend a picture from my first class back and he said, "WHOA, it looks like you're doing some kind of kung fu!"Classes with Amanda have always been great. She's an experienced teacher and she can teach you skills fast - you'll be up in the air before you know it. It's not easy and not for the faint of heart, but boy is it fun. And it makes you super strong. There are adult class for beginners, intermediate, and advanced, every night of the week.My friends always ask if this is like the aerial yoga they have in Cranston, and I tell them "not really!" Aerial yoga is basically the bastard child of yoga and aerial silks. I love yoga, and I love silks, but so far I haven't tried to combine them. If you want the REAL aerial experience, if you want to actually get up high in the air, this is the place to come!They're offering free trial classes for the month of February at the new East Greenwich facility, so there's no reason not to try it. At least you can say that you tried it once! But look out, it's addicting....
<review# 695,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/17/2014,4/1/2014,31,77,2,4,4>First time to Ichigo and we were quite impressed!Although the place was packed for an early Sunday evening, we were sat at the  hibatchi right away.First impressions were great. Nice high chairs to sit on, giving you a view of the entire room, however a foot rest wouldve been nice. Plenty of elbow room between place settings. Granite table top. Everything was super clean! The place was very well ventilated. Every hibatchi station had a sink for hand washing...nice touch.The hibachi dinners were very reasonably priced. The specialty martini's were a little on the high side, but you will indeed feel the first one.The food was fresh and delicious..the vegetables, rice, shrimp, chicken, steak...all cooked perfectly, however we both found the steak and chicken underseasoned and both of the sauces were ice cold, watery and completely flavorless. I tried striring it around, using more..nothing worked. If the sauces were up to snuff, this review would have been 5 stars. So disappointed with those hibachi sauces.We also had the Romantic date sushi roll...absolutely phenomenal! The presentation, the freshness, the combination of flavors and textures..Wow! We're coming back to try more of the sushi.
<review# 696,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/19/2014,3/31/2014,41,226,,8,4>I love when new places open! Corner Bakery is almost a Panera Bread/Cosi hybrid, but dare I say...better. Like, much better.Similar to most fast-casual dining restaurants, you find yourself walking up to a counter to place your order. The menu is pretty extensive, and really has a great variety that's sure to please almost anyone who walks in. Couple that with the "Under 600 calories" combo list, it's very easy to pick a meal option that's super tasty and not terrible for you! Once your order is placed, you sit and the food is brought to you by one of the servers. I had no expectations other than what I'd typically expect from a Panera, but boy was I wrong. The California Grille on Harvest Bread panini was nothing short of delicious, with fresh tasting grilled veggies and amazing pesto to boot. The bread....oh the bread! Amazing.Possibly my favorite part (aside from the ample seating) was that the restaurant takes your plates from your table. Certainly a nice perk from the standard "clean up after yourself" model most of these restaurants have.CBC is A-OK in my book!
<review# 697,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/24/2014,3/30/2014,94,272,2,5,3>While spending the past couple months getting rides from a buddy to class every morning, part of our daily routine was hittin' up Li'l General for snacks then the local Dunkin for coffees.  Having never stepped in prior, I was pretty surprised at the wide and utterly awesome selection of food they had for a convenience store.Not only do they host a full functioning deli, but they also have a pretty diverse selection of fresh meats (chicken, ground beef, sausages, etc) and totally amazing premade food.  Delicious hot sandwiches, soups, entrees and seasoned whole/half chicken.  Of course you can also find tons of beverages, chips, pastries, etc at lower prices than other convenience/pharmacies in the area.The staff was always super friendly, too.I'll actually kinda miss this place.  It's a real shame we don't have anything like this in Providence.
<review# 698,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/20/2013,3/29/2014,33,73,4,4,4>"What's better than a great cup of coffee?", I asked my 4-year old."Candy."OK, yeah.But this coffee is really good. And so is their menu.My girl had chocolate chip pancakes and bacon (hey, we eat fruit & veg during the week!). These were pretty good and not over-sweet. I ordered the biscuits & gravy which came with potato cakes. The potato cakes looked like latkes and were very good; nicely seasoned. The biscuits were ok; I think it's just that the gravy was a little flat: if you're going to put sausage in something, make it POW! SAUSAGE!But the menu is big, interesting and service is quick for such a busy diner. We'll be back.
<review# 699,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/21/2014,3/28/2014,23,18,3,7,8>Been going to Loui's for as long as I can remember...about 25 years. The decor has not changed in all those years, and, while dated, it offers a wonderful history of the family and of the people - students, college employees and neighbors alike. This, along with a menu which hasn't really changed, either, makes going to Loui's feel like you're coming home. Loui's isn't a place to go to if you're looking for a five-star, uber-gourmet culinary experience. It's a neighborhood diner, more along the lines of what my mom would call a 'greasy spoon' - but with really clean cutlery. :) Come in and choose from either the breakfast or lunch menus, posted on the wall above the grille, or from the menu on the table. We typically go for breakfast or brunch, and we make sure that when we do go, we go hungry. Serving sizes are HUGE at Loui's, and, while it's a little pricier than it was during my college days, you still get real value for money. We ordered a couple of fruit cups that came out looking like crowns - an array of fruits in the cup, surrounded by a rack of apple slices and topped with ruby-sized strawberry slices. Our omelets came out exactly as ordered and were delicious, and the pancakes were moist and light, even though they still resemble SmartCar hubcaps.I remember a time when Loui's was a cash-only business, but now they have a card reader next to the register. Best times to go are when Brown and RISD are out of session, as it's a favorite student and employee breakfast and lunch spot. But if you're looking to rub elbows with people from all walks of life, and trust me, it's a tight fit on a busy day, stop by Loui's any day of the week!
<review# 700,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/8/2011,1/18/2012,53,195,,10,3>It is refreshing to not be afraid to go to the dentist!  Dr. Votolato was recommended to me by colleagues at work, and his office was very accommodating in getting me into their schedule, procuring my records from my past dentist in Cambridge, and going through them with me at my first appointment.Taking my dental insurance for a spin was easy, and I had my initial dental exam last week with my first cleaning scheduled one week later.  Every staff member I've interacted with there has been very nice, both in person and over the phone.  Plus parking nearby is quite easy.  For anyone on the East Side, this is a very convenient practice.
<review# 701,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/16/2011,1/17/2012,107,79,3,7,10>My GF and I arrived at Saint James Irish Pub after a terrible dining experience in Providence and an equally unsatisfying time at Flaunt Lounge. We were hungry, thirsty and in desperate need of service.    Now for years I've envisioned Saint James Irish Pub as a last stop weekend venue. It's the place I always went to in order to cap the night. But not anymore.The all around excellence of our recent visit on Sunday night deserves a glowing review.Our bartender, Alyssa, was the picture of congeniality, attentiveness and consideration. Along with Chef Matt, she is one of Saint James' most valuable assets. Another member of staff, a woman with a southern accent was also very kind and friendly. I met only smiling faces and warm personalities from fellow patrons and staff alike.My spirit renewed with such pleasantness, I accepted the burger challenge special they were running: Ten 3 oz. patties with fries. If I managed to eat it in fewer than 20 minutes then it was free. If I took longer than 20 minutes but still finished, the price would be reduced. Either way, I'd get a free t-shirt.So, with chasers of Guinness as allies in the coming battle, I made a valiant attempt. My GF offered her advice and support. The chefs came out to see who was foolish and/or brave enough to make the attempt. Sadly, I did not succeed.I stopped about halfway through and called my brother, who is a massive Viking of a man. He has never been full.EVER.Eleven minutes later he was handed his freebies and ordered another round.For contest burgers, I can honestly say that I was impressed. I can't wait to sample Saint James' regular offerings.My point in all of this is that the staff and patrons were actively engaged with and supportive of us throughout what turned out to be a really fun time on the heels of an otherwise miserable night. They didn't look nervous when I wanted to go outside for a smoke. They weren't irritated that I called for reinforcements to complete the challenge when I fell short. I didn't have to find the bartender's eye to get another pint. I felt like an active participant for the duration of my visit. And as every good participant knows, feedback is key. So, kudos to you Saint James - you have an All-Star staff.
<review# 702,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/4/2011,1/16/2012,118,260,,4,2>I am so happy I gave Faial a second chance. Everyone raves about this place, but my first experience was flawed and extremely disappointing.Let's focus on the positives. The food was amazing! I went on the waitress' recommendation and ordered the Chicken Faial with Portuguese fries. I was served massive amounts of food!! It was as good as advertised.Faial does not skimp on the beverages either. Their drinks are tasty and large. Service was 100x better this second time. That was my biggest beef with the first experience. The staff was very unfriendly and rude to our large party. This time, however, the staff was very friendly, attentive and helpful.I will go back a third time, hopefully soon!!
<review# 703,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/19/2011,1/15/2012,70,481,,3,4>The market is back in for the winter and they are better than ever. I go right at 10 to avoid the crowd and get good parking. New vendors, lots of them this week, plus some old favorites. Top this off with a hot dog from Hewtin's parked outside and I'm high on life.They are also open Wednesday nights for the mid-week farmer fix.
<review# 704,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/16/2011,1/14/2012,151,439,4,3,3>Modern Love has me hooked.  I recently ventured into Providence's Art District for some browsing - and when I came across this accessory paradise, I nearly squealed with joy.Shoes - purses - necklaces - earrings - other amazing-ness....all within completely reasonable price range (earrings ~15$, purses ~50$, shoes ~20$).I drooled over earrings (which dangled pistols, lightning bolts, and feathers), necklaces with moustaches, and rings made from Legos (pushing up daisies).  The selection is pretty unique - definitely not "mainstream" tacky jewelry like you might find at Claire's.  After circling the accessories table three million times, I settled on a set of black heart earring studs (made from :: LITE BRITE MATERIAL!!!) for only TWELVE dollars!  ...perfect for the looming holiday of teddy bears and plastic red garbage [gag].I'll certainly return to you, my sweet M.Love....
<review# 705,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/31/2011,1/13/2012,60,80,5,7,5>I just moved from right outside NYC (Hoboken, NJ) this summer.  On the Football front, I was greeted with non-stop Patriots coverage and Tom Brady Worship.  Worst of all, my beloved NY Giants are not on TV every week.  I needed to find a Sports Bar, fast.Snookers definitely satisfied my Football viewing needs.  There were plenty of NY Giants fan there as well as other teams.  I was not accosted as I proudly wore my Eli Manning jersey (you can't spell bELIeve without ELI).  Additionally, there are many pool table and I believe a dart board or two available.  All in all, Snookers is a great bar for sports purposes probably not the best spot for first dates though.
<review# 706,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/18/2011,1/12/2012,34,295,,1,1>I came in for lunch during the work week recently.  They have a special for $19.99 which includes 2 non-alcoholic drinks, choice of naan and 2 entree's.  You can't beat that.  I've spent more at sandwich joints for lunch.Service was spectacular as always.  I ordered my ol faithful Indian stand by - Chicken Masala.  It was delicious.  We also split spicy cilantro naan which was awesome.  I usually go with a garlic type naan but this kind was great.  My lunch companion got a chicken kabob wrap which she liked.  It came with a side salad which I tried and enjoyed.  If you're looking for a different option for lunch that's quick, inexpensive and yummy I highly recommend!
<review# 707,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/30/2011,1/11/2012,9,38,1,4,4>I'm a huge fan.  Two amazing meals so far, and I look forward to returning for many more.  My group and I shared a delicious assortment of foods, including the Fresco with chicken, Calamari Balsamico and Arroz Chaufa - all of which I'd gladly eat again (and honestly, I don't even really eat calamari!)... Omar, the owner, is a phenomenal host.  He was warm, engaging, and it's very clear he cares about the customer. It's so rare to find such a sincere, personable owner that is so involved in the customer's experience.  Totally delightful.
<review# 708,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/17/2011,1/10/2012,19,11,,6,1>I like getting facials - I have them regularly.  I've tried lots of places all over the region, literally.  This place is hands down the best place to get a facial.  I went this afternoon, and since my birthday is this week I splurged and went for their "best facial you will ever have"...It was absolutely fantastic... Besdes a really great treatment for my face, I had a hot oil neck, arm, hand, foot, and scalp massage (and she even brushed my hair - which is awesome)... my feet were also exfoliated and wrapped in hot towels... it was 80 minutes of pure deliciousness!!   The atmosphere is so peaceful and everything that can possibly be done to make you feel comfortable and relaxed is done - from heated beds to warm stones in your hands... this splurge was worth every penny and then some!Now that I'm home and ready for bed I am really noticing how fantastic my skin feels - it was luxurious pampering that has also really improved the look and feel of my skin.I've also had basically every other type of facial they offer in the years I've been going to Alayne White.  I can't recommend them highly enough.  You can also book appointments online, and they frequently offer discounts for online bookings, so make sure you sign up for their email list too.
<review# 709,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/19/2011,1/9/2012,51,144,,5,4>The best burger in Providence, hands down. Whenever I'm craving a burger, the Ivy Tavern is my go-to spot. They use a high quality coarse ground beef, the perfect amount of seasoning, and consistently cook it just right. I get mine without chili and cheese and all the extras because the burger itself is just so good. When I'm in the mood for a big, juicy burger, I want to actually taste the burger. Definitely get a side of garlic fries as opposed to regular ones ($1 upcharge I think, but well worth it). The fresh garlic taste is delicious and the fries are nice and crispy. Portions are ridiculously large. I always end up taking a bunch of food home. They offer a wide variety of beers on tap and in bottles and the staff is awesome. The Ivy is definitely a popular neighborhood spot and it's pretty small, so be prepared to wait during peak times (mostly weekends or during a big game). My only wish is that they were open regularly on Sundays. I miss catching football games there. Keep an eye out for the snarky puns & phrases on the "bulletin board" inside that the staff spells out with giant Scrabble tiles. Funny stuff, especially when poking fun at various New York sports teams.
<review# 710,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/15/2011,11/17/2011,564,104,2,5,1>Providence is lacking some good Mexican food. I feel that the local consumer is totally confused when it comes to how authentic Mexican should taste like. So UNLEARN what you think you know and stop thinking that Taco Bell is good Mexican! Did you know that they serve their food with grade F beef... dog food grade D or higher... so technically dog food is better. I'm sidetracking-- Taco Bell is not the focal point here, it's El Rancho Grande.They called me Primo as I walked in -- putting a cheesy smile on this face this face \(^_^)/ I enjoyed the vibe -- loud and vibrant colors, but it wasn't tacky at all. A few latin flavors of art and pasalubongs ("keepsake" or "presents" or "homecoming gift"). This is fully run and operated by their familyService was a bit slow at first; I'd assume they were thinking that I was waiting for another person. It's not typical for a sit down restaurant to get a party of one. But I took a 4-top (table for 4). Once they realize that I was alone and not waiting for anyone, the service picked up. Otherwise the services was personable, friendly and cute oh I mean good.. :).I ordered the super el pastor burrito and a horchata(x2) to drink for under ten bucks. I wanted to keep it safe and order what I know, thus I can compare it to other Mexican joints. After my first bite, I was so excited to see that they used the proper marination process. An authentic Mexican el pastor use carnitas, using pork that has been slowly marinated in a chili sauce-- thus it is going to be red. I understand that other restaurant may have many variations in how to make their el pastor, just don't touch the major essentials. Not the best I ever had but might be the best in rhode island... so I will recommend this to everyone and their momma!Taco Bell Bad Press: aquapour.com/taco-bell-b
<review# 711,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/9/2011,11/16/2011,202,333,1,6,3>We rescued a Chihuahua-Jack Russell who seemed so submissive until about three weeks in, when his 'real' personality came out.  (Lucky for him, he's cute.)  In a moment of desperation I signed the wow-wow up for obedience boot camp with K-9 Connection.  After one class with Kelly I realized we had gone all wrong training our first dog.  This place has a major emphasis on positive reinforcement.   Novel idea training your dog to love his name regardless of how it's said.  Our former dog was trained in Boston with an emphasis on tone.  Positive tone = good dog, negative tone = bad dog.  Yelling for our dogs to come produces completely different results.  Each week is progressively structured, building on the previous.  Classes are around $25/hour and follow the same general formula:*discuss issues*practice previous learnings*show new*practice new*play with your pooch*show new*practice new*obstacle course fun timeThe facility is a large open space with two different pens so classes can run simultaneously.  The front of the house is excellent at responding to emails and following up with placement and scheduling.  We are ready for the next round.
<review# 712,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/21/2011,11/15/2011,242,444,1,7,4>Tiffany's is a magnificent salon and spa located in a quiet section of Barrington, RI.  Everything about Tiffany's exudes a dedication to the customer and the experience offered to each.  All staff greet you with a smile and seemingly go out of their way to make each and every service a special and personalized one.  Anything, no matter how quick, involved, or expensive is treated with a professionalism and excellence I imagine would be difficult to match or exceed at other locations.I experienced a full package day here. . . 1.5 hour Massage, Ultimate Facial 1.5 hours, Manicure, Spa Pedicure, Shampoo & Blowdry, as well as Makeup Application.  The icing on the cake?  All free :)  My mother and I won a spa package back on Mother's Day of last year through a radio station.  Finally. . . we got around to using it.  The prices listed in their brochure seem up to par (and something I will definitely be paying in the future as I will certainly be returning to indulge.)This being the first time I experienced any of these services (excluding the hair and makeup portions of the day) each staff member was quick to explain everything that would occur.  It made me much more comfortable knowing what to expect.  The spa services are located upstairs from the salon itself, away from the noise and excitement that comes with a new hairstyle.  Each room, dimly lit and filled with the sounds of soothing music and crashing waves, made for an extremely relaxing and enjoyable environment.My favorite services by far were the Ultimate Facial and the Spa Pedicure.  While the "extraction" portion of the facial is not something I'd soon look forward to again, the end result was something I'd pay for in a second.  My face looked and felt so refreshed by the end, I couldn't believe it was my own!  The Spa Pedicure was equally as relaxing. . . and who doesn't like a foot rub?  With our scheduled time at the spa being 9am-4:30pm (holy crap!), we were able to order lunch from a catering service and were served plates of food during the pedicure.  Yum :)Two staff members in particular made our day special, Amy and Sofia.  They were with us a majority of the day, were very easy to get along with, and were as excited as we were about having a whole day at the spa.  Seek them out for hair and nails!. . . and facials!  (I think).
<review# 713,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/25/2011,11/14/2011,323,390,1,3,3>This is a very well maintained old home.  Perfect for special events, I would most certainly think of this place if I wanted to host a special event.I went to Linden Place for the Taste of Bristol.  The first room was called the ballroom.  It was open and not too huge, it would be really great for small affairs.  What really makes the place work though is the grounds.  The grass is so well maintained and the beautiful sculptures outside add a nice touch.  There is ample space for tents in the back too.I really liked it here, simple, classy and beautiful.
<review# 714,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/12/2011,11/13/2011,28,44,4,4,2>Sometimes bizarre combos turn an otherwise ordinary experience into something magical.This is not exactly the case with Baja's. But it's close.With every burrito, you get a free small dish of soft serve ice cream.  Why?  I have no clue, but I like it!  Is it impractical to get ice cream at the same time as your meal?  Will this ice cream melt before you've finished said meal?  Does this mean you'll have to eat the ice cream BEFORE the burrito?  Yes.  But I like it!And the burritos aren't too shabby, either.  They offer whole wheat tortillas and--get this--grilled shrimp.  For close to the same price as beef or chicken.  The shrimp aren't those puny little things either, they're decent-sized buggers and Baja's doesn't skimp on 'em.  Take that Chipotle!Toppings are fresh and bountiful and the guac is included in the price of the burrito.  Baja's has nachos, quesadillas, and sandwiches too (I don't understand the combo of steak 'n cheese with burritos, but who am i?) though I haven't tried those.  Prepare to stand in a very tight little space that 's toasty hot from the grills going--not the best place to sit down and stay awhile, but if you're looking for something on the go, something tasty and inexpensive, and something with a side of ice cream, well then, Baja's is your place.
<review# 715,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/4/2011,11/12/2011,40,75,4,8,3>Had breakfast at SweetWorks on Sunday. Wow. It was so good, I woke up this morning wondering if I had time to swing by SweetWorks on the way into work. The "On the Go Omelette" was amazing. Scrambled eggs, applewood bacon, potatoes and cheese, stuffed into a wrap, grilled panini style. I have had similar breakfast wrap dealies before, but they always are a bit off. SweetWorks NAILED it.The mini potato cakes were awesome, as was my wife's breakfast. Also great-- the coffee. They had a few flavors, including pumpkin, which the wife loved. It was New England Coffee, which I always thought was just okay, but it was a really good cup of coffee. And I'm pretty picky about coffee.And not just great food but great service. It was really nice out, and we wanted to eat outside.  All of the tables outside were full, and the staff went inside and brought out two chairs and a table! Also, we had stopped here on a whim and had our dog with us. They were cool about the dog and were really sweet to her.The waitress was unbelievably pleasant. One of the best I've ever had. The owner/chef brought the orders to everyone's table personally and took time to chat with each table. Amazing. It went such a long way with us.Also, the place is a cupcakerie first (hence the name). We couldn't resist and grabbed a red velvet cupcake and a ring ding cupcake for later. Both were excellent. My wife, who is red velvet obsessed ranked this cupcake among her all-time favorite and the ring ding cupcake was majorly delicious. They have tons of options and also do cakes for special occasions.Bravo SweetWorks! We'll be back soon!
<review# 716,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/19/2011,11/11/2011,60,193,5,2,2>My review is strictly for Pink Pussy Cat Martini. An Oral Orgasm of fruity deliciousness. That is all I can say. Please try it. (it seems to be best when the blonde bartender makes it)
<review# 717,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/3/2011,11/10/2011,27,126,3,5,2>We were running a few errands and talking about how it'd be a good night to stay in, cook a good meal, and open up a decent bottle of wine. Almost as if our conversation summoned it, a giant purple building with a sign declaring "Wines & More" appeared in front of us. We veered into the parking lot and started rummaging around inside. The wine selection is very large. I am no wine connoisseur by any stretch, but I know a crap ton off bottles when I see them. And the bottles went on and on for a long time.As per usual when selecting a bottle of wine, I let the girlfriend go at it while I made my way to the beer. I liked what I saw. My usual favorites and local offerings were laid out before me. Then I turned the corner and realized what I had been looking at was less than a quarter of the beers they had to offer. Tripels from Norway, IPAs from Scotland, a vast assortment of Belgians, and US styles from every corner of the country were right there just waiting to be brought home. I'm not sure if it was the largest selection of beer that I've ever seen, but it was certainly amongst the top 3. The entire place is spotless and spacious which automatically gives it points over the typical liquor store. Overall I really liked the place and while it isn't exactly in my neighborhood I'm sure I'll find my way back every now and then.
<review# 718,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/5/2011,11/9/2011,53,195,2,6,2>I've upped my rating to 5 stars - Garden Grille is not to be missed for folks living in the Providence area!  The new remodel, completed a couple of weeks ago, is fantastic.  Go check it out, and sit at the bar to full appreciate the lovely wooden tree now "growing" in the restaurant.  We had a great dinner there last night, sharing the butternut squash quesadilla (I can't enough of it) and the za'atar tofu.  The garlicky mashed potatoes that came with the tofu really hit the spot.I also enjoyed the special drink of the night, Chai One On:  maple bitters, soy milk, and various liquors that came together to taste like refined spiked egg nog.  Garden Grille should keep this drink around through the holidays; it's a great cold weather libation.  As usual, the service was generous and laid-back.  Can't wait to return!
<review# 719,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/20/2011,11/8/2011,107,79,8,8,4>Do you ever get an urge - nay, a calling - to stop everything you're doing and rush to your local Asian food hotspot and scarf down as much sodium glutamate laden food as possible? Well I do, and from now on my compulsions will take me directly to Apsara Restaurant. Pause now and take everything you know about American Chinese-Vietnamese-Cambodian food in Fall River and purge it from your memory's history. Thank you.Because chances are, if you're in the Riv and think you know a local joint that tops this place, you're dead wrong. Apsara is the budding apical meristem tissue from which Asian cuisine in the city grows. Now should you dine in, you'll eat in an uncomfortable silence that is intermittently broken by the loud blaring of fire trucks, police cruisers and ambulances. And since I don't enjoy eating in a crudely converted warehouse, I'll opt for takeout next time. But that said, the elderly woman who waited on my GF and I this past Thursday evening was the politest and most respectful candidate for an ESL class I've ever had the pleasure of attempting interaction with.She was attentive and almost reverential in her attempts at communication with us. And as an American, I think it's fair to say that it's pretty trippy when your waitress demonstrates such respect that she refrains from turning her back to you and instead bows deeply while gradually backing up until out of sight. I felt like the next Buddha. American waitresses: Are you taking notes? Because these women will eat your lunch.So here's the rundown: Weak tea, an exceptionally tasty and diversified appetizer plate capable of feeding two hungry diners and a yellow peanut curry dish that they'd likely charge twice as much for if their restaurant didn't resemble Border City Mills circa 1880.The take home: Get it takeout.
<review# 720,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/22/2014,9/6/2014,36,74,3,5,5>Cheapest, best beer and liquor selection around! This warehouse wonderland of spirits is almost TOO big---good thing Yankee workers are the most helpful beer and liquor staff I'v encountered!I stopped in here during my weekly tour of sin before spring break (McDonald's, liquor run, and then Ice Cream Barn to finish it all off!)---Boo yah, what a find! I've never seen such a large selection of cold beverages! Everything from Thai beer to brandy and hard cider. I even spotted some Sweet Tea Vodka that I cannot wait to try!I also loved how helpful the staff was at Yankee. Within 5 minutes, a staff member who had seen us wandering around asked if he could help us find what we need. Sure enough, 20 bucks later, I had a handle of brandy, Guinness, hard cider, Chang beer, and two mini samples of Bailey's. Not too shabby for this Spring Breaker!
<review# 721,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/26/2014,9/5/2014,24,79,4,4,5>I super love this place!  And here are the reasons why:-It is gigantic so I didn't have a problem getting a last minute reservation for 11 people on a Saturday night-It is set up perfectly with a mix of low tables, high tables, lots of bar space, and even comfy chairs and books to read in the back-They use all local foods-The pizza is delicious!  We ordered 4 different types and I loved all of them, esp the special veggie which had Schatner farm sweet potato (puree), carmelized onions, and other deliciousness-The salad was out of this world!-Very kid/ baby friendly-Free valet parkingDefinitely check this new place out!
<review# 722,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/15/2014,9/4/2014,31,80,4,5,6>I'm pretty stingy when it comes to repeat consumerism, but I've been to The Shop 3 times in a week now, and I don't even need caffeine fixes!What's not to like? 1. Cozy upper Wickendon location, adjacent to but separate from the bustle down below. Inside you find cool grays and weathered wood showcasing local baked goods (humble pie anyone?) or opt to sit outdoors and people watch 2. The worlds friendliest baristas (JP and Diana hope I'm not insulting you by using the term because I know you're so much more!)3. Stumptown roasts in all their glory4. Cold brew tap for much needed cool down, and nitro to come!Ok, I gotta stop reviewing before my latte gets cold (and ya it's a good one). Go get your own!
<review# 723,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/8/2014,9/3/2014,57,152,4,5,3>What an adventure!  I've been here a handful of times over the years, and I'll agree with other positive reviews here that it is usually a minimal wait.  Went for a minor injury and was taken back and seen in a somewhat timely manner this past weekend. They appeared to be "in the weeds", and I witnessed some hilarious yet unprofessional conduct by the staff.  While waiting in a less than clean curtained off "room" My husband and I overheard dinner plans, restaurant reviews (the docs should join Yelp!), many complaints, and a slightly abusive conversation between a little old man, and an ornery stressed out doctor. While basking in the smell of someone's takeout (probably the Cilantro down the street), there was a running soundtrack of some poor patient belching and crying out "I need toilet paper!" This was punctuated by laughter from the staff, and I have to say, it made the 1.5 hour visit more than bearable. The front of house staff could do with a little compassion training.
<review# 724,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/15/2014,9/2/2014,6,75,2,5,3>Great wing barCame on a Wednesday for the wing tour, Its the best way to try as many flavors you can. Restaurant is a decent size got there around 7ish place was pretty full we had to wait about 15mins before we were seated. Its open good lighting and clean.Wing Tour Wednesday is when you get 25 wings with 5 different flavors and i cant remember the price, but its the best way to get a taste considering usally you can only mix up to 2 flavors normally which i think is kind of lame. I mean if im  ordering 25 wings id like to be able to try more than 2 flavors *shrugs*continuing I went with my buddy so we both got the special i did all wet sauces while he did all dry. Now I cant remember exactly what we got but i can say it was all very good. There wasn't any of the flavors i didn't like or wouldn't order again. But i do have to say i did prefer the sauces better. The dry rubs just dried out my mouth. They were good but i just wasn't expecting that, i literally need to drink after every wing with dry rub. because of that I'd probably stick to the sauce for now on, maybe just one set dry but not much more than that.other than that i thought everything else about the place was great. definitely get there early if you can if you decide to go on wing tour wednesday by the time we left there was a decent line waiting to get in.
<review# 725,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/16/2014,9/1/2014,1202,670,8,12,8>I normally don't change my mind so fast but 15 visits in the span of 25 days probably warrants a re-evaluation. I happen to be extremely picky about coffee (fine, I'm a snob) and I still believe North Bakery has room for improvement in that regard. However I have at least 3 reasons for the 5 star salute this go around:1. I wake up and want to eat a brownie. Every darn day.2. Perfect treat sizing- said brownie is $2 and other treats are likewise smaller and cuter sized and more reasonably priced than other local bakeries. No monster-sized treats to justify overcharging. Now I can eat a fresh brownie rather than eat half a huge one that is a little stale the next day.3. Staff still has the bright eyed bushy tailed "ooh, look a customer, HI!" attitude one month in. I like cute cheery people.I have more reasons, but darn it, people need to come here and find their own reason to be as charmed as I am.Ps North Bakery, I still think you need kolaches. Puh-lease!
<review# 726,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/22/2014,8/31/2014,193,34,5,5,4>When the world is falling apartWhen my heart is brokenWhen the zombies are running rampantWhen I'm with friends or enemies alikeWhen I'm in jury duty and the gun is in my mouth... Harry's Saves MeEvery Single Time. And here it is:Sliders: M.O.A.B (Mother of All Burgers) Fries: Chili& CheeseDrink: Ultimate MudslideAnd then all is right with the world.
<review# 727,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/29/2014,8/30/2014,19,230,5,7,4>This is my new favorite restaurant in Providence. Seriously. The food is outstanding. Like, really, really, good. The service is the best I have ever had. They are so nice, take the time to talk to you and explain things, and everyone just genuinely seems happy to be working there. They have amazing specials, like half price entrees every Tuesday and their drink menu is fantastic. I have not stopped thinking about this place since I left and I can't wait to go back. Did I mention they have a beautiful little oasis like patio with swings for seats? I'm obsessed.
<review# 728,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/28/2014,8/29/2014,21,53,5,6,5>I have been going here since I was a kid with my grandparents and it has always been consistently delicious. My advice: get the lobster roll! It is huge and there is an insane amount of lobster in it. Don't get suckered into the expensive tiny lobster rolls in Narragansett -definitely go here instead. The portions are huge and very reasonably priced. If you go for lunch they have glasses of wine for $2.99 before 3pm. Great place for family and friends.
<review# 729,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/24/2014,8/28/2014,30,75,6,5,5>Here you go, all the stuff the you didn't know you needed, until you see it there, nestled in between an old rotary phone and a Ouija Board. Seriously though- some great stuff here. Sure, similar finds can be had at other consignment stores, second hand furniture stores, etc...but here there's MORE of it to choose from! This place is huge. Take your time- I didn't even make it to the basement. I took too long in the record room (That's right, an entire room just full to rafters with vinyl; some vintage, some brand new & unopened!) I found a sealed Glasvegas album and an old Warren Zevon record in near mint condition.The owner is super friendly. It's no secret; he's ready to make a deal.Next time I'll bring more money, and I'll come prepared to spend the afternoon "treasure hunting"....
<review# 730,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/20/2014,3/7/2014,183,84,4,8,7>How excited was I to find an actual butcher shop that cut meat to order, and offered a huge selection! I got some beef. And goat. And chicken. And some chorizo.  And I'll be back for more when this runs out. Maybe for some veal or lamb even. And once summertime hits and it's grill season again, I'll be here all the time! MEAT!!!So i went back and ate in the cafeteria. Man, that's A LOT of Spanish food for not so much $. I don't even know what i was eating, but the plate was loaded with rice and meat for about $6. And it was delicious!
<review# 731,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/17/2013,3/6/2014,239,181,1,7,5>Lemon & Oil, I always come to you for a quick sandwich. And you always make is superbly!L&O is tucked away, but don't let it fool you, it can deliver on some good eats. I always stick to their specials as I am interested in people experimenting with new flavors/meat.Good quality food, the only suggestion I would make is maybe having options on types of wraps as you have choices for breads.With all the chains in Seekonk, definitely go to L&O for a local, family owned place.
<review# 732,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/16/2013,3/5/2014,28,56,5,9,8>I get it.  Who reviews the place that installs insulation?  Apparently nobody, but we're going to change that right. this. minute.Greenville Insulation did a fantastic job with our new home.  They were prompt, clean, and courteous.  Their prices were competitive, and they went above and beyond to make sure that the spray-in insulation covered every nook and cranny in our remodeled home.  Now that everything has been finished, and the frost is creeping in, you can feel the difference!   Great job, IMO.
<review# 733,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/15/2013,3/4/2014,70,106,5,10,6>I am also happy to report my experience at West Side Diner was awesome! Hubby and I came here twice in a week for brunch to really test out the food/service and support the business in our neighborhood.  Food, staff, service, atmosphere are all great. Food: We had the following dishes during our 2 visits.1. Corned beef hash and 2 eggs: The corned beef and potatoes were in the right proportion. It was not too salty and the potatoes were also cooked just right (got a real good bite but not soggy). 2. Pumpkin Pancakes (Special): OH MY WORD. GET IT. Always ask for their specials because I almost accidentally bypassed it. They used real pumpkin and wonderfully folded it into the pancake mix. The pancakes were fluffy and were perfectly flavored with no syrup needed (That's when you know you got some insane pancakes when you don't need syrup!)3. Tofu Scramble: Light and tasty. It was slightly on the salty side but when you want to eat and feel healthy, order it! They are vegetarian friendly here.4. Classic Eggs Benedict: Poached eggs with generous slices of bacon (more like a slab!) on English muffins. They were SO tasty and not overpowered by the hollandaise sauce. I had hash brown as my side and they were just slightly over seasoned. But nothing damaging at all.Staff: Extremely friendly. Greeted right away when we entered the front door (facing Westminster Street). Our water glass was full the whole time. Staff checked on us periodically. We felt cared for and had a pleasant time dining there.Decor: This restaurant actually has 2 seating areas. The front part which is the diner - exactly what you would see and expect from a diner. But they also have a backroom which has a separate coffee bar and restaurant style tables and chairs. They have various artwork on the wall (they are for sale) to support local artists. While the backroom appears to be out of place, I actually appreciate it a lot because it is great for larger groups and families with kids. They did an awesome job in decoration. Clean, chic and very artsy!I am delighted to know this place is finally open with good food and service. While my heart will always go out to Nick's on Broadway, this diner has lived up to its expectation and is now on my go-to place for casual breakfast/brunch without paying the price of Nick's. P.S. They take all credit cards. Also, they are so tech savvy that they use iPads minis to take your orders! Very cool :)
<review# 734,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/1/2014,3/3/2014,262,31,2,9,5>A Brunonian favorite, when in doubt my friends and I always eat here. The staff are incredibly friendly and remember most of our names.The food is good, mostly curries with rice or naan. I like their dosas, which are like crispy Indian crepes filled with curried potatoes. None of the food is spicy, but it is not at all bland. The prices are very GOOD for lunch during the week and BAD for lunch on the weekend or dinner on any day of the week. Basically the price and portion are doubled for dinner and weekends, which is not a good thing since meals go from perfect sized portions at under ten bucks to monster portions at twenty bucks.The catering is also quite good. It is everyone's favorite in the Brown CS department, often drawing crowds of students to tech talks and whatnot. In short, if you are on Thayer St, Kabob is a good bet. If you are there at dinner time, bring a friend and split the meal.UPDATE 05/12/14:---------------------I forgot to mention that if you are a student, give your server your student ID with the bill. You'll get 10% off!
<review# 735,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/21/2014,3/2/2014,39,110,3,6,5>I have ordered Uncle Tony's catering for the past two house parties I have hosted, and it was overall a good experience. The sausage and peppers platter is the best option. The wings didn't go over too well, but were tasty. Prices are very reasonable. The party pizzas and calzones are good, but a little tip is that they are slightly better and more reasonably priced at Calvittos. So, we have learned to do a combination of catering through this restaurant and that bakery in order to create a successful amount of delicious appetizers for our guests. The employees are always friendly and efficient.
<review# 736,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/28/2013,3/1/2014,35,23,8,8,7>My hair was getting pretty long, I needed a haircut badlyIt's been about 2 months, starting to look shaggyMy girlfriend had seen Candice, recommended her highlyI decided to give her a shot, so I walked down Ives StreetShe was personable from the start, not in a rushThe convo and decor were great, certainly a plusThe music was enjoyable; it's such a quaint placeNearly forgot I was getting a trim, until I saw my new faceShe styled it really well, she's a master of the craftAttention to detail was perfect, more than I could askThe price was very reasonable, great value all aroundI'm convinced we've found the best stylist in town I love my new look; the best haircut I've ever receivedSo I gladly walked home, feeling like a king!
<review# 737,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/6/2013,2/28/2014,466,705,7,6,6>You come here for only one thing... the fresh fruit tart! Ok fine, they have great coffees, drinks and other baked goods (including luscious cakes!) but this review is for the tart. So what's the big deal about fruit on a pie crust, you may ask. Well let me tell you. This thing is love at first sight. Take a look. It's gorgeous with all the colors of the rainbow and topped with a shiny glaze that your mind instantly translates into sugary amazingness! You'll likely walk in and are guided to a seat by the window and take a look at the menu. Forget the menu... you know what you really want on the inside. You want to taste the rainbow. Finally it arrives at the table glistening in the cafe light and you know you've made the right choice. You remember there are 2 other people at the table also staring at this delicate piece of work with hungry eyes and you want to stab with a fork so you don't have to share (prob best if everyone got a piece... this is not a place for a diet). Your fork sinks in through the fruit, through the thin layer of rich cream and into the buttery soft cookie like crust. The fork seems to be already having the time of its life as it aids you in your conquest. The time has come as the bite nears your mouth and it hits all your taste buds at once with a burst of flavor: Sweet, tangy, umami! If the matrix had a naughty cake, this is the naughty pie equivalent.Plenty of parking on the street. You may have to walk a bit if it does get busy but there usually isn't any problem finding a free spot!
<review# 738,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/21/2014,2/27/2014,37,150,3,5,4>Bottles is in my opinion the best liquor store in the city. They carry such a great selection, definitely more than other stores in Providence. The store is organized, clean, and the staff is very knowledgeable. If you come into the store with a meal in mind, a staff member will give you suggestions for a wine or beer to pair with it. The prices are reasonable and they have a rewards card too, so drink on!
<review# 739,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/4/2014,2/26/2014,72,191,,5,5>Stopped by here today on my journey to find a new life companion. There were a dozen dogs mostly Pits. One of the staff members, Molly was very helpful. She took a few of the pups out for my fiancé and I and told us about their personalities. We didn't adopt today but we will defiantly be back. =)
<review# 740,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/31/2011,4/5/2011,19,85,,1,>This is one restaurant where they always make you feel welcome.  I mean the biggest brightest smiles you'll ever get in any restaurant.  I'm not a sushi person so I can't comment on that but everything else I've had on the menu is divine.  The seaweed salad is one of my faves.  Big parties are more than welcome here.  Take-out is fast and easy too.
<review# 741,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,9/18/2010,4/3/2011,16,80,6,2,3>Three words: WINGS. FROM. HELL.Let me just say that walking in here yesterday for lunch I concidered myself a bold, daring soul for wanting to do the Wings from Hell challenge. After completing it, I now concider myself not just a winner, but an idiot. A big one.My buddies took me here wanting to get a kick out of watching me take on these hellish wings from Hades. To be honest, I find that the waiter, John, was more amused when I told him I wanted to try it because he had a look of shear pity in his eyes, yet he smirked at me in agreement. I, on the other hand, was determined to get my face up on the Wall of Flame and let me tell you -- it was NOT going to be easy (if you've read my Wings Over Providence review, you'll see why).After waiting and anticipating for my wings to arrive, another waiter finally brought our food over. When my eyes met these wings from hell, I could honestly say that my eyebrows were ready to sizzle right off my skin. I tried a little of the sauce on my finger and after not even two seconds I felt a punch strike my tongue. Shit was about to get serious! I tackled the first wing with paced speed as if the challenge was timed (it wasn't which is a very good thing) and quickly moved on to the second wing. After the second wing, wow...my eyes were already pouring with tears and I was already feeling my throat starting to burn, but I went steadily onto wing #3 and wing #4. At this point I needed salvation...Hell was definitely in my favor as my Adam's apple was in a firery uproar. I drank a full glass of water, which was NOT helpful because if I stopped drinking for a single second my throat burned twice as hard. So I begged the waiter to give me a jug of water, to which I drank until I needed a second jug (that's two gallons of water!) and the Ranch dressing they gave me was also a no-go. With the support from my friends and the waiter telling me I was so close to finishing, I slowly stepped up and tackled wing #5 and this is where it got to the difficult part. I had one more wing to go, but at this point my throat and my stomach was literally on fire from these torture devices they concider wings. It came to a point where I felt like I had to throw up because the sauce was just too overwhelming...so John let me stand up for a breather, and surprisingly, I didn't throw up but I started shaking and felt really cold. "Two more bites man, you can do this come on!" said the ever so conifident waiter. Hell, he made it sound so freakin' simple...but simple didn't even exist anymore. Two more bites sounded like an eternal death march. It came to a point where I told myself I couldn't do this, I had to give up....only I didn't, as much as my mind told me NOT to eat the last wing, I went right ahead and did it anyway and those excruciating, horrendous, consuming strikes of pain certainly beat me up for it...I thought I was done for until I heard, "Congratulations, you defeated the Wings of Hell and now I can take your picture to put up on the wall". Those words sounded like pure Heaven after going through pure Hell.Saying this as a survivor, I highly recommend that NO ONE should EVER try this challenge. Sure you get your picture on the "Wall of Flame", but trust me...getting there is fucking torture. It's like tasting a thousand scorching suns with a side of Ghost Chili extract. The waiter even said that the chef keeps trying to find ways to "up" the sauce. Is he crazy?! If he added any more peppers to that sauce people would literally die. That's just my opinion, but if you think you can defeat these wings like I did as well as defeat a burning butthole when you get home, then by all means be my guest. However, this challenge is not for beginners...only Spice Lord's like myself looking for real competition. You have my condolences.For now, Rick's gets three stars. Once I try their BBQ then maybe it'll go up. I do, however, dig their cheap prices and awesome service. Check this place out!
<review# 742,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/5/2011,4/2/2011,172,189,2,2,2>After living in this extended stay hotel for work I've been needing a good home cooked meal especially after the festive evening that I enjoyed last night.  My flatmate suggested that we have lunch at Tony's and I fought him all the way since I was under the impression that it was a sandwich shop.  Tony's is a great family run grocery/deli/restaurant that supplies some really great traditional Italian foods.  We went back to the deli which was stocked with breads, cheeses, meats and tons of home cooked dishes. I ordered a Chicken Cacciatore and a veggie frittata (spanish tortilla).  The Cacciatore was great even though they only used white meat, and the green and red peppers were just as I like my women -sweet and fresh. The frittata was quite frankly heavenly.  The eggs were light and fluffy with a perfect sear on the top and bottom.  It was rich and creamy and full of awesome veggies.   As well I picked up a 1/2 lb of pasta and sausage and a chickpea salad for dinner.  I also picked up a gift for my sister's birthday here. All of the food that I got was about $25 which included my Limonata. I would usually prefer something a bit cheaper but I got 2 big meals out of it and they are super fresh (just like I like my women). Great place, great neighborhood.Update- written 5 hours later. Oh Muh Gah!I ate half of the sausage and pasta cold.   It may have been better warmed up... but was still brilliant cold.  The sausage was hearty and on the drier side.  Not dry as in dried out - dry as in aged a bit.  The pasta and sausage were simple creamy (no milk) the flavors left to their own devices.  The chickpea cici (sp?) salad was toooo dieeee for.  The perfect combo of herbs red/green onions etc.  Some roma/cherry tomatoes drizzled in olive oil and aged cheese chunks.  I may just move to Italy yet.
<review# 743,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/18/2011,4/1/2011,80,93,3,4,3>I could get lost in here for hours....yes, hours....Has been in the same location for EVER!I am collector of eclectic junk, if you are as well, this is the place for you.  Dishes, serving platters, artwork, jewelry, old magazines & prints, a wide variety of things.  They have 2 floors of used items & such.  Really a little bit of everything.  I try to make a stop in like once a month or so if I have a few extra dollars to blow :)See you there!
<review# 744,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/16/2011,3/31/2011,32,94,2,5,3>question: can you truly be a "vegan bakery" if you offer heavy cream and milk for the coffee? well, think about it. this is a point of contention between the staff here and the vegan clientele.  but i must point out the obvious. it is not truly vegan if it is patronizing the dairy industry. just calling it what it is. that said. the cupcakes are TO DIE FOR. and we're not even really huge cupcake fans. we discovered the place on a saturday. bought one cupcake each (coconut and candy bar). and went back on monday night and bought four (two for now, and two for later). they are that good!!
<review# 745,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/24/2011,3/30/2011,75,482,2,5,4>YUM! I know this may be a bold statement, but I will say that this is the BEST Asian restaurant I've been to in New England.  They have an extensive menu of Korean and Japanese dishes.  I had the curry katsu don and an order of salmon nigiri (can't go to a sushi place without sampling their sushi).  The curry was delicious and plentiful.  I'm not used to having vegetables in my Japanese curry, but it was actually a welcome addition.  The pork katsu was a bit tough, but eatable.  I was deliciously surprised by the nigiri.  I had low expectations, but their fish was fresh and delicious (they also don't skimp on the cut) and their rice had a yummy flavor and nice consistency.  I talked the roommie into trying their beef bulgogi (which she had never had before) and I snuck a piece.  It was SO good! Tender, flavorful, and juicy.  Their bulgogi kicks Sura's bulgogi in the buttocks. Whenever I get an Asian food craving, I will come here from now on! SO HAPPY!!!
<review# 746,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/2/2010,3/29/2011,66,222,5,2,1>Nothing tops Dels on a a hot day.  A few bucks and you're set!When my sister and I were young, we watched this poor little kid guzzle down a large Cherry Del's. He promptly spewed it all over the pavement. I could never look at the Cherry Bomb the same way EVER again.
<review# 747,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/17/2011,3/27/2011,54,86,,5,5>I had been to Ebisu only one time before about two years prior. My first experience there was fun but I'd say a sort of lackluster time.Last night on the other hand was completely different... It was very close to perfect.  My roommate and I went in not really knowing too much about the cuisine, or the traditional drinks. Decided to sit at the bar, where the bartender basically took us on a tour of everything there was to be had. He started by recommending us his favorite cold sake, Tarusake. It was hands down the BEST sake I've ever tasted. The flavor was through the roof. He then suggested we just let the chef choose a few different small dishes for us to share. The timing, the sequence; EVERYTHING was perfect. It was very slow, so they explained it's not something they can do all the time (like say a busy Friday night). Regardless, they have now gained a loyal patron. I will be back, and on a regular basis. If you're looking for something different, Ebisu's menu is unlike much else you'll find within the confines of RI. The knowledgeable staff and talented chefs make this a 5 star experience at very affordable prices.What a gem!
<review# 748,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/17/2011,3/26/2011,26,113,,5,1>The exciting menu includes Korean BBQ tacos, sliders, wraps, traditional items, special beverages, and desserts...(Vegan options are available and she is aware of gluten free diets)I had the bulgogi plate and it was DELICIOUS!!! The kim chi was right on, and the meat was tender, well seasoned, and piping hot! (~$7)FINALLY...a Korean BBQ Truck on College Hill! You can add her on Twitter to see the current location of the truck...(usually Brook/Thayer and Waterman)The hours:(Mon ~ Sun)       Lunch :  11AM to 2:30PM                             Dinner:  5PM to 11PMI will be back...many times...mmm...
<review# 749,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/18/2011,3/25/2011,33,73,1,3,2>***UPDATE: November 28th 2012***Had breakfast here again. You know, it's very good; and they have a lot to choose from. Their portion sizes are definitely on the grande side, and a lot of Tex-Mex style breakfast/brunch choices too. The coffee is nice & strong; not diner dishwater.But there is a problem with the TEMPERATURE of their breakfast. Doherty's: Invest in a plate warmer, please. On both occasions that we've had breakfast here, the food has been lukewarm (my potatoes were COLD). Your lunches & dinners are piping hot, so what's the problem?***Why am I telling everyone about this place. I should be keeping it a secret and saving it all to myself.For starters, their beer selection is !&*#$ brilliant; a double-sided placemat displaying all the names of their beers on tap (domestic/international) on one side, and all their bottled beers (also domestic/international) on the other side. You name it, they probably have it. I make a point of getting the 4x (6x) beer flight sampler. Wow. And this beer menu gets reprinted every few days or something, so how on earth do they have time for...Amazing food. I mean, what do you want from me? How am I supposed to describe the taste of a blackened Cajun chicken sandwich smothered in Bleu Cheese dressing? Or a French Dip with thick, juicy slices of roasted beef (not that deli sliced crap)? Or a Mesquite-smoked BBQ burger with bacon and onion rings? Well I can't. Go there and order one.Sometimes I wish I could eat more. Sometimes I wish I could drink more. Then I'd ask to live in their pantry and the voices would go away.
<review# 750,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/24/2014,6/6/2014,7,105,2,9,3>And you thought the pizza selection couldn't get any better in Providence. Well, here's a new staple. My friends and I came here on a weekday afternoon and split a "community" flatbread with added on fennel sausage, and it was divine. It featured the softest, most delicious caramelized onions, as well as the restaurant's specialty tomato sauce (which apparently simmers for a whopping 12 hours or something). The crust was also very impressive- very good texture and taste. We enjoyed our meal with some local craft beer, and even went in on dessert- the brownie sundae. It was pretty decent, but the icing on the cake was watching them pop our brownies into the enormous wood-fired oven. No microwaves in this joint, folks!The service was excellent. The space is also distinctive and well designed. Comfortable tables, neat bar, warm and cozy with the ovens nearby. You can easily watch them making the flatbreads, which is entertaining and interesting. It's a great place for groups of friends, date night, or families- it seemed to be pretty kid-friendly.It's a tad tricky finding the place, since it's set back from the road a bit. Basically, it's on the same block as the Thayer CVS (on Cushing Street) and if you go around to the back of CVS it's right there with its own parking lot. I would imagine that the parking lot fills up fairly quickly, but there are probably about 15 spaces or so, which is still good for a place right off of busy Thayer!
<review# 751,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/29/2013,6/5/2014,28,32,3,5,3>I signed up for AAA yesterday after my car randomly wouldn't start. After I got stuck with a parking ticket and my car insurance payment wouldn't go through (stolen debit card, yay), I was loathe to call AAA and wait for the million hours it would take to send someone over.I called them. They were the friendliest people in the god damn world. Where did they get these people? Did they just collect every single nice person off the street and give them free food? The rep on the phone explained that it would probably be ninety minutes before someone arrived.Five minutes later, a got a call from another rep telling me that the AAA tow truck was outside my house. That's faster than I've gotten my coffee at Starbucks.Tim, the tow guy, was not only the sweetest person in the world (SERIOUSLY WHERE ARE THEY GETTING THESE PEOPLE I WANT THEM), but tested my battery and offered me some repair guidance after jumping my car and making sure it got back in my driveway okay.The entire experience from start to finish took less than a half-hour. My beer was still cold when I went back inside. What magical world is this?Thank you, AAA, for being the only thing in my day that didn't go wrong.
<review# 752,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/16/2014,6/4/2014,31,80,3,12,2>This is not for the faint of heart! If you're looking for pampering and aromatherapy, you've come to the wrong place. BUT, if you are work weary and have knots tougher than leather and believe in the adage "no pain no gain", then you've got to try this.
<review# 753,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/24/2014,6/3/2014,52,94,2,8,6>This is my favorite bar in the area.  The bartenders are courteous and on the ball, and the food is delicious.If you're expecting to have fried food with your brew, don't come here.  They don't have a fryolator, and they don't need one.  The pizza is delicious (all of them, believe me) and the Stuart Foster mini burgers are literally the best.  I don't usually eat gluten due to an intolerance, but I will quickly and without hesitation cheat for the wonderful amazing burgers.  Mini patties with bacon, Gorgonzola butter, and onion JAM.  You heard me, ONION JAM.  It's out of this world.  Even better, order it on a pizza for an amazing combo (but you won't see it on the menu, just ask.)  The menu is constantly changing, so if you see something you like, ORDER IT!  It may not be there the next time you come. All of the food is purchased locally too, so you're supporting a great local bar, and local businesses too.Plenty of beer (and cider) on tap, as well as great whiskey selections.  Almost every night there are musicians playing, or trivia.  You may have to pay a cover on the nights that there are musicians, but the people who book here know what they're doing.The bathroom is *always* clean (you'd be surprised what places don't have clean facilities) and people don't come here to get belligerently drunk.  They come here for a good time, and you'll always have one here.
<review# 754,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/25/2014,6/2/2014,33,62,,3,3>I am actually obsessed with Noon and I want everyone to know it. Anytime a friend is looking for a gift, I send them right on down Weybosset. Noon has something for everyone and a bunch of stuff for yourself. The jewelry is gorgeous and hand crafted by the owners; unique yet versatile enough for every day wear. I bought my wishbone necklace here months ago and just about every day I wear it I get at least one remark on how beautiful it is. Besides the jewelry they carry gorgeous letterpress cards, scented, handmade soy candles, the perfect kitchen tea towel (with a variety of designs to match any decor), and so much more!When you're at the register checking out with all of the fun stuff you're buying for your place (and the one thing for the person you initially stopped in to buy for), sign up for their emails. The shop hosts a get together every few months with drinks and apps and the opportunity to shop their newest items before everyone else.
<review# 755,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/27/2014,6/1/2014,34,119,2,4,2>The Shack is run by Tallulah's taco cart. HELLOOOOOOO, TACOOOOO! The shrimp tacos are my fave - juicy little shrimp in a fresh, tangy green sauce. Beef and pork are also good, with their smoky red salsa. Ooh, and lobster! The tacos are messy, though - fortunately, there's always plenty of ocean to wash your hands in. They make their own radish pickles and basil lemonade.
<review# 756,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/7/2014,5/31/2014,21,53,3,7,4>Wow! Mac n' cheese boneless crispy wings?! Need I say more? I have yet to try a crazy flavor combination that I do not love. I highly recommend The Devil Went Down To Georgia wings (peach habanero flavor), Pour Some Sugar On Me (maple, brown sugar and cinnamon) and Shout At The Devil which is extra hot buffalo! I love the music theme of the place, and this month if you order their specialty burger they enter you to win tickets to see NIN, which I thought was really cool. Boneheads seems to be the best thing to happen to West Warwick since I was born there 29 years ago!
<review# 757,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/1/2014,5/30/2014,110,169,,5,1>My husband took me here for my birthday/Valentine's Day dinner. This place is a true hidden gem. Nestled in little old Attleboro, MA, you can get a meal better than Boston or Providence for easily half the price.As we arrived at this very cute establishment, we were first met with free valet parking. Once we entered, we were able to hang our coats and then were promptly seated for our reservation. The interior is just as amazing as the exterior. Modeled after some sort of mansion, the restaurant has many little "rooms" with just 3 or 4 tables, lending to a very intimate and romantic dining experience. We sat by the window and really enjoyed the atmosphere. We began with a bottle of wine.  I tried to order a Sauvignon Blanc which they were unfortunately out of, but the waiter recommended a different one for the same price which I enjoyed quite a bit. For food, we started off with the calamari appetizer, which was outstanding. Then, we ordered our meals which each came with a salad (for an unbelievably reasonable price!) and delicious crusty bread was brought to our table with oil, butter and olives to accompany the bread. I tried really hard not to spoil my appetite but couldn't help eating all of the bread!!For dinner, I got the baked scallops and my husband got the Chicken Francaise. Both were delicious. I loved that the scallops were baked with breadcrumbs and just the right amount of oil/butter that they weren't greasy, but tasted fabulous. I wish I had been able to hold back so we could try dessert, but we just got too full and even took some of our meals home as leftovers.The service was also outstanding. From our water glass always being full to even being offered a lemon without having to ask, to the friendliness and courtesy of all the staff, we really had a great time and will most definitely be going back. I still can't even believe how great it was for under $100!
<review# 758,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/6/2014,5/29/2014,27,105,1,6,2>One of my good friends swore up and down that North was the best restaurant in Providence, so I came expecting the moon and the sun. While North fell short of these (admittedly unfair) expectations, I did really like it!First, I should mention that the restaurant is tiny. There are 6 tables and a bar, and North doesn't take reservations, so I imagine that it's impossible to get in on a weekend. Luckily, I came on a Monday night at an off-peak time (around 9:15pm) and was seated right away. The ambience is dimly lit and intimate, with urban music. Very young vibe.Now to the food! Overall, I thought the food (Asian fusion) was different from anything I've had in Providence and very delicious.5-star Dishes:- Hot flavor sesame noodles: I could eat bowls (or even buckets) of this stuff!- Hot and sour Chinese/American bok choy: Far and away the best bok choy I've tasted.4-star Dishes:- Dan Dan noodles: Everyone on yelp raved about these, but I personally didn't like them as much as the sesame noodles. The dish is majority ground goat, with some noodle and squid bits thrown in. Tasty, but a little too heavy on the goat for my taste.- Slow roasted root vegetables: yum!- Roasted maitakes: really good mushrooms, nom nom.3-star Dishes:- Spicy cauliflower: liked the cauliflower, but the texture of the tofu was too close to potato for my liking- Burmese style cabbages: these are served cold, which I wasn't expecting. Aside from that, I just didn't like the flavors very much.
<review# 759,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/28/2013,5/28/2014,466,705,5,9,6>Food truck what??? This is the best Korean food in town.. but it's on wheels! How do you track them down, you say? Well as a rule of thumb they are by the Brown campus from 5-8pm on Thayer and George Street most weekdays. If you really want to be sure, then track them on Facebook and they post where they are every day! For lunch I believe they are down town. There's always plenty of parking by the end of Thayer street so you can drop by after work and pick up food for the week! They are usually joined by a few other trucks as well so knock yourself out!My favorites are the rice bowls one of which can be bulgolgi. Mmmm It's relatively inexpensive ($7? I believe?) and they usually have LA Galbi (short ribs) as a special. Both are nicely cooked to order so you have really hot food in a small plastic container that too accentuates the food you're about to devour. While maybe not a fancy restaurant, the food truck sensation that is capturing Providence is really a neat idea that I hope continues! While their selection is not extensive, what they do offer is exceptionally well done and affordable! They take all major credit cards as well as cash. They are also there usually on Saturdays at lunch from 12-3pm! Mmmmm Galbi. Now I'm hungry
<review# 760,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/21/2012,12/13/2012,136,330,,5,2>I've heard so much about 'the abbey' that I just had to go.  First of all, lets start off with their 92 beers - WOW! This even included one of my favs, Newport Blueberry on tap.  For food we enjoyed a nice spread of wings, pizza and the usual bar food and everything was very good. The service was pretty great too.  I was also very impressed that there was always a constant crowd of people coming in yet it was never too crowded and uncomfortable.  Looking forward to hitting up this dive again!
<review# 761,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/19/2012,12/12/2012,34,119,,6,2>I was VERY impressed here. The service (on a cold, snowy night) was excellent - attentive, but not intrusive. The atmosphere was nice, with nice heat and warm colors that made it feel cozy.The food was also VERY good - I got the soondobu tofu, and it was bubblingly hot and perfectly spicy. The banchan were plentiful and featured the fastest way to my heart, perfectly crunchy cucumber kimchi (oi sobeagi). Their other marvelous standout feature is their attached teashop. I got a HUGE mug of yuzu tea, with a nice large helping of tasty peel. The perfect thing for this winter weather, and cheap too.I came back later that night for another tea, and have been several times since. Perfect!
<review# 762,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/24/2012,12/11/2012,26,126,2,2,3>I have been to Cafe Nuovo numerous times. In fact, my wedding party is having our rehearsal dinner there two weeks from Friday. The setting is very relaxing and picturesque along the canal, particularly during Waterfire. Such nights can get very crowded, though. As for the restaurant, the menu is not huge but does include offerings from various food groups and styles. Portions are modest, but ingredient quality is superb. Prices are not cheap, but such is the norm for higher-end restaurants such as this. The waiting staff are all professional, conversational, and attentive. For a special night out, Cafe Nuovo is a worthy choice!
<review# 763,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/2/2012,12/10/2012,119,223,1,4,3>I was sad to have missed the Yelp Martini event at the Bradford. So, of course I had to make time to visit myself! I stopped in on Halloween with a friend for a drink and a chat. They had a great deal going on for  $5 pumpkin martini. OMG it was sooo delicious and the perfect way to end the evening. I think the size/decor of this place is just right and its a great place for some cocktails with the girls... just a note though, late on a Saturday night it can be a bit loud and overcrowded with a 'local' crowd. Otherwise, I loved the place!
<review# 764,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/14/2012,12/9/2012,37,111,2,3,2>Finally get to try Mt Fuji since I always see it right near the highway entrance at Federal Hill. The decor is top notch throughout. The entrance has a great water feature where the walls leading to the inside entrance door, has a waterfall on either side and goes drains below the floor, where it is transparent. It is quite the entrance.  Once inside, you think you stepped into a hip club with neon lighting, huge bar and clubby music. But all fused together quite well. The sushi is amazingly fresh. I ordered the 15 piece sush and sashimi combo. It was excellent. The pieces of raw fish was varied and fresh. The presentation had plenty of crushed ice to keep the sushi cold and tiered two levels high with some neon lighting embedded in the ice. I wish I took a picture thinking back...The service was quick and professional. Will definitely be back for sushi or the Hibachi grill.
<review# 765,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/13/2012,12/7/2012,36,150,,5,2>Trader Jan's is a hidden sportsman's gem in Fall River's mill district and worth getting to for safe, quality archery practice. I used to shoot in middle school and after reading the "Hunger Games" books (I know, I know) I was caught by the archery bug again. Co-workers suggested Trader Jan's to me as a good, affordable place to get back in the saddle (or on the bow?) and they were right. The first time we went, the husband and I paid for a half hour of shooting time and equipment rental and the owner made sure to give us a little safety/shooting run-through before letting us shoot on our own. While you certainly could just go out and buy and a bow, some arrows and go off into the woods to practice if you're a newcomer to archery a safe environment with experienced archers is a must. Arrows can be be as dangerous when shot as bullets and if you don't learn proper technique you're as liable to hurt yourself as someone else. If you're a more experienced archer Trader Jan's can suit your needs too, of course, as they have ranges for more experienced shooters and a store for bows, arrows, and whatever else an archer might need for gear. If you're curious about archery or an experienced shooter/hunter, Trader Jan's is worth your time and money.
<review# 766,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/28/2012,12/6/2012,33,73,2,3,2>A new breakfast spot for us, and we're glad we tried it. Central, nice menu and friendly servers, although possibly a little over-worked; when the place gets jammed (and it does!) the wait times will go up. Coffee was OK, not great IMO.Had the cheese blintzes special, which was very good, but my breakfast was a good 20% smaller than everyone else's. I think it only cost $7, so how about making it $9 and bumping up the portion size? Just an idea.The chocolate pancakes here were EXCELLENT; these aren't your typical over-sweetened diner sponge discs, but nice, full-bodied pancakes using bittersweet chocolate. Tas-ty.But I question their interior layout; their booths are quite small and tough to really fit 4 people comfortably. Yet there's a lot of open space toward the entrance...room for at least another 1-2 feet per table. Just an observation.We'll be back to try again...maybe a little earlier this time :P Good spot.
<review# 767,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/28/2012,12/5/2012,41,226,1,8,4>Love in a cup, indeed!I stopped by this past weekend, mostly out of curiosity since I knew the place was owned by Alex and Ani.The place is stunning. Very chic and modern, and extremely clean. The cases are filled with amazing treats, including some of the most delicious looking cupcakes I've ever seen. And, what I think surprised me most was the variety of offerings beyond teas, javas, and the normal accompaniments: there's sandwiches, soups, blended drinks, and...(drumroll please) BOOZE. You can actually get your coffee with various liqueurs, plus a decent selection of wines, beers, etc. I got a latte which rivaled a good Italian restaurant. My husband got a personal sized pot of Oolong tea. Both of which were brought right to our table - no need to stand around waiting for your decafskimmochachochalatte nonsense. Prices were very reasonable, and from what I could see they offer a lunch special for under $5 which includes a half sandwich and soup. Surely cheaper than most comparable restaurant options in the area.Teas and Javas has stolen my heart. Now, I have to find a way to break it to Starbucks.
<review# 768,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/15/2012,12/4/2012,154,146,2,6,2>I have been to other places in RI for threading, and so far, this is as good as it gets.  I have been coming to Salon Panache for 2 years now.  Everyone is friendly, and staffing is consistent - they always remember my name and always hear others being greeted by a first name basis (not that's a good memory!)    It is a walk-in service so sometimes there is a wait, but if so, minimal - 10 minutes at the most.  Waiting will also depend on if you are waiting for a particular person that does your eyebrows and how many people are waiting for the same person.  The nice thing, is they have done a great job decorating and making it a comfortable place to be if you do have to wait! I feel the prices are reasonable/comparable.  There is also a card you can have signed each time you go and this will help you reach a service free of charge (after maybe 20 visits?)  You will also be offered a complimentary water before you leave, don't be shy, take it, and say your thank yous!
<review# 769,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,10/27/2012,12/3/2012,1202,670,3,9,3>mini-update and downgrade from prior 4 star review: this place is getting grubbier and lacking in professionalism. Still the largest Asian market with the most Asian products to be found in RI, but this place needs to get to some serious scrubbing and keep better track of inventory (expired canned goods does not give me confidence). Read those labels before you buy folks and you'll be fine, but still....------------------------There are a lot of mom-and-pop Asian markets in and around Providence that usually specialize in one or two cuisines tops. V-Mart took the opposite approach and decided to sell just about everything Asian (and a large selection of Latin items too). It's the largest Asian specialty grocery I've been to in RI by far, and it sells everything from your choice of Chinese circular or square wonton wrappers, a Thai coconut shredder apparatus, 5 different sizes of Japanese Tiger brand rice cookers, Korean bulgogi marinade to Filipino ice cream. V-Mart can improve by working on reducing the sometimes overwhelming smells (all those spices and other food smells going on at the same time), but seriously, you'll find just about everything you can possibly need for your Asian home cooked meal in one warehouse-like place and for low prices to boot (it's about time RI)!
<review# 770,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/11/2012,8/31/2012,70,186,7,11,11>Sometimes, you just need a giant swatch of grass to roll around on.  Or have a pick-up game of baseball or an incredibly inept round of frisbee.  And sometimes a girl just needs a space to hula hoop.Colt State Park is that place.FREE.  Free entry, free parking, free shoreline vistas of Narragansett Bay, free grass, free bathrooms and free sunshine.  FREE. The way life should be.You can reserve a giant covered pavilion with a BBQ pit for the day, or just rough it with a blanket and a Diet Dr. Pepper.  Either way, this 464-acre park is a state (if not national) treasure.Quick drive from Providence (faster on the freeway than most beaches).  Slightly longer (but more health-inducing) bicycle ride to the culmination of the East Bay Bike Path - if everywhere was as sunny and flat and gorgeous of a bicycle ride, we would never use cars again.Not a beach beach (the Bristol town beach is a quick jaunt nearby and does charge a fee), but certainly a legitimate place to catch some rays without the pressure of knowing how to swim.  Although I have seen some people climb down from the road and traverse pointy rocks in order to bask in the water, I would not recommend it to amateurs, nor am I certain of the legality of this maneuver.Beautifully manicured park - for family, friends, fishermen, hikers, runners, kayakers, loners, pets, bikers, lazy serfs, and any other Rhode Islander.
<review# 771,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/9/2012,8/30/2012,261,199,3,2,2>DELICIOUS mexi right here in lil rhody...where you don't go home + want to die after eating it. Or... well... you know...The service was great... a little slow but nothing too bad. The inside of this place is really  precious-- feels like you totally aren't on the hill once you walk inside. My bf + I loved both of our meals + the chips + salsa were perfection.They even have a special birthday song + sombrero for the bday girl!Jamie, the owner, is THE nicest man ever! Checkem' out on restaurant. com--there are great deals to be had!Every person in there calls you an 'amigo' + me gustó mucho!If you want a lil authentic mex that doesn't give u a tum ache. This is your kinda place!
<review# 772,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/11/2012,8/29/2012,49,52,,3,2>I'm going to sound like a broken record looking at the other reviews, but get some Ceviche and the Sangria and you can't go wrong! With a really kitschy interior and very friendly staff, this place is just a lot of fun. My fiancee and I were introduced to Los Andes by some friends, and we've since been 4 or 5 times. Each time, I get a bit more adventurous than the last, and I'd encourage you to do the same.Get to Los Andes - order the beef heart appetizer, one of the ceviches for an entree, and wash it down with some delicious sangria. I can't comment on the dessert - I've always been too stuffed to try it!
<review# 773,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/4/2012,8/28/2012,23,78,5,3,1>The food is consistently great at La Masseria. I've been here a number of times, and have never been disappointed with my meal (whether it's an appetizer, salad, meat, fish, pasta, or desert - it's all delicious). The stuffed mozzarella balls (ha ha he said, balls...) are amazing, and the ricotta cheesecake is not to be missed. While the setting can be romantic, the scene can be a little too, "Hey, I live in EG and I drive a Bentley" for my taste - especially downstairs. Divorce attorneys and plastic surgeons should loiter at the bar and pass out business cards to patrons. I've also had some interesting conversations with the wait staff (conversations that would have completely offended a more politically correct person) that have left me saying to myself, "Did he actually just say that out loud?" If you're in EG, looking for some great Italian food, and there's a 2 hour wait at Sienna, do yourself a favor and check this place out. Your tastebuds will thank you for it.
<review# 774,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/13/2012,8/27/2012,493,313,3,8,4>Simply put, I am impressed.I went in with no expectations. Okay, if I am being honest, I went in expecting to be underwhelmed. Well, that got smacked in the tastebuds with some good old homestyle cooking, great service and very reasonable prices.I had three eggs over easy, homefries (delicious by the way), whole wheat toast, bacon and added a single ENORMOUS blueberry pancake. And yes, I ate every single bite. Our server was terrific. Pleasant, happy, really nice. Go. Be similarly impressed.
<review# 775,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/31/2012,8/26/2012,115,164,3,13,6>Yesiree...I'm a Dok's fan. House-smoked, brined, and seasoned meats, locally sourced produce, daily specials, vegan and veggie options, yummy pickles, homemade potato chips, great mix of classic and quirky options, rotating soups like matzo ball and kale and chorizo, and lotsa add-on options like sweet potato fries and apple cider slaw. And some solid "Dok" humor, like "Write your own Rx" as the menu header for the build your own sandwich combo and "Doktor's Orders" as the header for the main menu.  Tots adorbs. So far I've tried the Veggie Monster and the Brisket Burger. The VM was made with lotsa love.  An original recipe, pan seared patty (potato and chick pea base) dressed with sprouts for some killer crunch.  The burger was tasty, though I should have ordered it with cheese. I loved the unexpected side of red cabbage, though I was surprised that the burger didn't come with chips like the sandwiches do.  And of course, everything comes with a pickle. Prices are good. Location great - Ives St, where United BBQ used to be. Ample parking. Ample selection of other restaurants, bars, and stores to choose from as well!It made my lunch that DOK HIMSELF came up front to ask how everything was and explained a bit about the vegetarian options and the process of creating the Veggie Monster patty. The stuff that 5-star ratings are made of! What would make it a 5? Asking if I wanted it for here or to go before giving me a to-go box, napkin dispensers on the tables and bar, improved communication (never was asked if I wanted a side, or what my name was so they could deliver my Veggie Monster).  The devil is in the details, but the food has been great so far and the atmosphere is fun, modern, and clean.
<review# 776,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/8/2012,8/25/2012,36,109,,6,6>It's amazing that I'm awarding a four-star rating to a restaurant where I almost walked out -- but the food is just that good.., no it's GREAT!The interior of Pho Evergreen leaves a little to be desired. Paint is peeling off the wall in spots, supplies are stacked in the corner by the door, and even the potted plants are few and far between. The dining rooms are spacious, though a single birthday party behind us created so much noise it was difficult to talk. Even the service was slow, uneven and frenetic, and our server frequently had to apologize for all the things that had run out.And did I mention they don't have a liquor license either?But once you taste their pho, you won't care a bit about any of their shortcomings. Simply fabulous, and an event unto itself. We also ordered stir-fry rice noodles, exotic fried rice and sizzling sliced beef to share. Across the board, the dishes were hot and loaded with hand-cut, crispy fresh vegetables. The beef dish was as rich, spicy, tender and flavorful as you will find anywhere.The bottom line is that when the food is this good, the rest just doesn't matter.
<review# 777,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/11/2012,8/24/2012,81,361,,3,3>WBNA is what it is referred to for short.  What I like most about it:- being able to be a member of a community garden- access to a tool bank for the home fix-it or outdoor project where you don't have to own all the necessary tools, but can borrow them for CHEAP.- Kari, the Exec Director, is super nice and helpful- although I do not have any children, there are always family-friendly events planned in the summer and around Halloween.- I love the neighborhood-wide yard sale each spring.- the calendars that we can get are a nice touch too.Overall, the organization works to make the West Side a thriving neighborhood for living, visiting, shopping, and eating by supporting those that live here, have businesses here and who visit.  As in any political climate, sometimes you agree all the time and sometimes you don't.  But only the best intentions for developing a thriving section of Providence are what is at the heart.  Love it.
<review# 778,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/14/2012,8/23/2012,119,223,,2,2>This place is exactly what Providence was missing...just when you think you have made a wrong turn, or that there is no possible way a "cool" lounge exists down this road, you have made it to Dusk. The large bar, lounge seating, and church like alter, aka. DJ booth, create an environment that is both comfortable and cosmopolitan. Being there makes me feel like I was invited to some private VIP party that only a select few know about...it really is a unique, hidden jewel! By the way, the drinks are SUPER tasty as well!
<review# 779,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/21/2012,8/22/2012,34,119,8,11,5>I love this truck. I was super leery at first - I'm a huge ice-cream snob, and usually dairy-free stuff just doesn't do it for me. I couldn't imagine a vegan soft-serve would be good. I was SO WRONG.This is, no question, the best soft-serve ice cream I've ever had. The texture and consistency are superb: smooth, rich, creamy, and with amazing mouthfeel. The taste is a little marshmallowy, a strong, rich vanilla. The prices are a little higher than for a normal soft-serve cone, but that's to be expected, given the niche, and wholly not minded, given the taste. The merest sight of a purple truck now brings joy to my heart, and I would take back all the terrible things I've ever said about vegan food if that's what it took to get my fix.I will chase this truck down the street like a six year old with a handful of quarters.Note to Yelp mods: there are two entries for this truck. I am copying my review from the other entry to this one, as this seems to be the canonical one. (The other has only three reviews and is much more lacking in business info.)
<review# 780,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/18/2010,3/23/2011,65,186,,1,4>My mom and I were traveling for Mother's day and had an amazing lunch. Everything was perfect. Our waiter (sadly I'm forgetting his name) was wonderful!!Food: We had the crab and shrimp spinach cheese dip - amazingMy mom had a lobster cesar salad - simple, crisp, she licked the plateI had a grilled salmon and subbed the beans with asparagus - again, just perfectly seasoned and grilled.Ambiance: We were there on a Monday right at lunch time and were able to be seated right by the window looking out to the water. The restaurant was filled by the time we left.Wine list:Wonderful assortment of half and full bottles. We opted for the full bottle. :)We will definitely be going back soon!
<review# 781,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,2/24/2011,3/22/2011,53,195,,4,2>Mill's Tavern is a nice walk from our house, and puts together a good meal, combined with nice (if somewhat old-school dark wood+leather) ambience.  Why the three stars?  Perhaps Providence is spoiling me, but I find Mill's Tavern reliably good without ever blowing me away.  Tonight we shared some raw littlenecks and oysters, followed by a Caesar salad for me and beet risotto with braised rabbit.  The Caesar's presentation was a little weird -- when I order that salad, which is rare, I want the archetypal Caesar.  Instead I got one *extremely* large lettuce leaf coated in dressing that looked like a cross between Caesar and 1000 Island, plus a bunch of semi-chopped lettuce that just reminded me it wasn't deep green and full of nutrients.  What happened to endives buried under shaved parmesan?  Sigh.  The risotto was yummy, although the beets were a little too concentratedly-sweet than I would like; that did cut the usual saltiness of risotto, though, and the rabbit was a nice touch.The desserts are stellar, and the wine is again reliably good and pairs well with the food but (at least in my price range) I've never taken a sip and been taken aback with (good) surprise.  One dish that hit a high note was the side of haricot verts with almonds.I'll definitely be back, and Mill's is a good place for a group.  But as far as interesting food, I think I prefer this place's cousin, Red Stripe.
<review# 782,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/30/2011,3/21/2011,9,243,3,4,1>Had an empanada to start, followed by a steak & rice dish. Man that was a tasty dish! The steak was cooked in a wine sauce, and topped with potatoes, onions, tomatoes, and two fried eggs.Also, keep an eye out for the mannequins dressed in Bolivian(?) clothing.
<review# 783,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,1/5/2011,3/20/2011,16,90,2,12,4>This is just NOT a five star establishment. This and Hemmenway's have to be the most overrated joints in PVD.That is not to say that the food is bad or the place is terrible. It's fine I just have no desire to return. It was a "once is enough" place. My only complaint was that the pizza was only so so and my steak was a little salty (and I usually don't mind salt). The wine reduction on the steak though was amazing and the seafood pasta my wife got was wonderful.The service was not so great. We showed up dressed nicely (I had a sports jacket and my wife and mother were in dresses). We were going a touch early to try and get a table (they are notorious for long waits). We were greeted with what seemed like thinly veiled hostility from the maitre d' who told us it would be a two hour wait. We said "fine" put down our names and gave him my cell number which he said he would call. We went back to my place made some appetizers had some wine chatted etc. About two hours rolls by with no call so we just decide to go back (my mom really wanted to go here and was leaving town) and see what the wait was. The maitre d' had crossed our name off the list because "I hadn't answered the phone." I checked the number he wrote down and it was correct. I checked to see if I had a missed call... none. Anyway so we had to wait around another 20-30 minutes for a table (I know... I know... but my mom really did want to go there, I think she read about it in some magazine). The worst part was absolutely no apology or even recognition that we might be put off by waiting two hours only to find out we would have to wait more.So all in all. Food's fine, price is pretty damn high (I would say tied with Mill's Tavern for highest in PVD), and service was fine once we actually got seated. 3 stars. Not 2. Not 4.
<review# 784,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/26/2011,3/19/2011,54,196,,5,4>Cutest cupcakerie around!  Delightful flavors - and a full bar!  There is a great assortment of teas, and you get your own large teapot.  This is a place that you can literally spend hours in laughing with friends.It does get quite busy - especially in the colder months, but in the spring they open up their back yard.  It is so precious and perfect for a late night sweet and drink.  My favorite flavor is the banana cupcake with nutella frosting :) yum!
<review# 785,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/7/2011,3/18/2011,8,19,,4,2>Having lived most of my life in Southern California about 15 miles from the border with Mexico, my quest for the kind of quick, cheap and delicious taco shop food that sustained me there has almost invariably resulted in disappointment here.  I travel back there two or three times a year, and invariably the first thing I do is hit one of my favorite taco shops.  What a nice surprise, then, when I ventured into Cac-Tuz shortly after it opened near my home.I'll start by saying that my hopes were NOT high for this place being any good.  There's zero decor, no ambience whatsoever, and nothing to incent you to stay and eat your food there (just two or three hightops with uncomfortable metal barstools).  Also, the family who runs it is Lebansese.  I know this because once I'd eaten there a few times, I decided to ask!  Turns out there is a Mexican woman in the family by marriage, and while the recipes are hers I've never seen her in the place.  Anyway, I have nothing against Lebanese people cooking Mexican food in principle, but it did seem like kind of a long shot!So, the pros:  The ingredients are fresh, and the various meats you can choose for burrito fillings (or quesadilla fillings) actually have some flavor... they have not been dumbed down for New England tastes, as I have found in so many pseudo-Mexican restaurants here (I'm thinking, for instance, of the impossibly bland Cilantro's).  I'm a huge pork fan, so my favorites are the carnitas (which actually has a little crunch around the edges) and especially the savory, marinated al pastor, a preparation that even many California shops don't make.  The green rice option is nice, flavored with cilantro and lime.  And while I usually don't care for potatoes in a burrito, the ones they prepare here (Mexican seasoned homefries, basically) usually end up in the mix.  And the guys who work there are very friendly and courteous.The cons:  I wish one of the options for beans was refried (they offer pinto or black beans which are simply boiled).  They offer two sauces, one green (mild) and one red (supposedly hot, but also mild)... something more firey would be very much appreciated.  And as someone else mentioned, the steam tray unit that holds the fillings you select for your custom burrito doesn't seem to keep the ingredients hot enough, so you end up with a lukewarm meal.My recommendation if you live nearby is to take your burrito home, microwave it for a minute, and crack open a bottle of Cholula's hot sauce (and a cold cerveza).  Sabroso!
<review# 786,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/7/2011,3/17/2011,2,19,1,1,2>I like this place.  They have bowling and pool tables.  I stink at bowling and my fingers don't fit in the balls that I can actually lift.  But it is fun.  I obviously have never enjoyed wearing rented shoes, but that is part of the allure of bowling.  Anyway EP Lanes or Strikers as it is called, is pretty cool the scoring is state of the art and they play sports over the lanes that are not in use.  Awesome!  Also if you go with a group of people first you all go to the bar and they give you bracelets on which they mark how many people are in your party.  Then you go back and get that many drinks, WHAT? You know it you and 11 friends go up and then later You can send your girl to get you 12 beers. LOVE IT!
<review# 787,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/7/2011,3/16/2011,166,566,,3,2>I finally experienced east coast sushi. I had been holding out... 6 very long months I made it, until tonight. It was either because I was afraid the sushi in Providence wouldn't compare to that of LA or that once I got a taste, I wouldn't be able to stop myself. I hadn't had a strong craving, now that I've tried Haruki East, that may change. It was worth the wait... Two things we had I must suggest: the Tropicana and Die Hard rolls. Tropicana is salmon and mango and three types of salmon roe, paired with kiwi and spicy mayo. This was a roll I had never dreamed of before, but believe I will dream of tonight... The Die Hard was unusual, too...this was yellow tail with jalapeno and cilantro.  Both were fresh and delicious! We also had the miso soup and a side salad with yummy ginger dressing and tried a variety of sushi - albacore, tuna and salmon which all melted in our mouths.  It was a little pricey, but worth it. We sat at the sushi bar and had great service from both the server and sushi chef.Ari gato, Haruki East.
<review# 788,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/8/2011,3/15/2011,48,138,1,3,1>Yes, yes, and yes!  Their coffee and food is amazing.  Sure, it is more pricey than DD, but who cares if I actually drink every last drop.  With other coffees, I leave half of it, thinking that I am "full."Just as long as you can stand some of the pretentious people who frequent on the weekends.  But I'm a grab-and-go kind of girl.
<review# 789,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/8/2011,3/14/2011,92,185,,1,1>Came here for a martini tasting event last Thursday and I will have to make it a point to return soon!My first impression upon walking in was "Wow, this place is really cozy feeling!"  It's a relatively small bar, with dim lighting and exposed brick walls.  The bartender and owner were both extremely friendly and attentive.I don't generally go out with the intention of ordering a martini, but they are very creative with their 'tinis here!  I did also order a sangria after my tasting, and was also pleased with that!We came hungry, and the hors d'oeuvres sized apps that were passed around didn't quite satisfy our dinnerless tummies, so we also ordered a buffalo chicken pizza.  It was a grilled style pizza, and was crunchy, flavorful, and delicious.  Although I must say I was somewhat baffled by the fact that none of the appetizers they passed for tasting were on the regular menu, we enjoyed sampling all of them!Overall, it's not the type of place I would normally seek out when I'm in Federal Hill, but now that I know it's there, I just might have to!  :)
<review# 790,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/11/2011,3/20/2012,30,246,,4,2>A seriously good Italian restaurant. Lovely old-world ambiance with charming waiters (ask for Giuseppe, he's awesome!).  This is the kind of place where you're only a stranger for about 15 mins. After that, you're a friend. Also nice is they take reservations for small parties.We had the veal chop special and the sirloin steak with whiskey sauce special. Both were soo good. I'm not exactly sure how the chop was prepared, but it was huge with shrimp, mozzarella and lobster sauce. My hubby loved it! My steak was cooked exactly to order and the whiskey sauce was divine. I also ordered a side of gnocchi (knowing I was going to be taking a good bit home!!). The gnocchi were light but with a good texture. The bolognese is perfect - meaty but still somewhat light.The icing on the cake, so to speak, was the bread. Giuseppe said it came from a bakery in Bristol partly baked and they finish baking there. Beautiful crisp crust and chewy inside.Our bill (before tip) came to $126 for 2 - but we had a 1st course each, main courses, wine and split a dessert. Considering we had enough leftovers for 2 additional meals, I think we received a great value!  You could definitely eat for much less if you desire- the menu had a good range of  prices. We'll definitely be back!!
<review# 791,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/14/2012,3/19/2012,56,186,5,2,3>Having grown up in New York/New Jersey, I have been to my fair share of nail salons. Metro Nails was recommended to me by another Elite Yelper, so I figured it was definitely worth a try. Oh, I am so glad I did!I hate the phone. Like, really hate it. Especially when I have to call a place I have never been to. Will they sense how awkward I am and not want to do my nails? Well, fear not! Metro Nails' website allows you to make an appointment online! No stuttering over the phone necessary!Metro Nails just reopened across the street from it's previous location and it is adorable inside. It is also SUPER clean. There was a couple getting pedis for Valentine's Day (the boyfriend was loving every second, can I get a collective "aaawwww"?), and as soon as they were done, one of the girls scrubbed out both pedi baths to the point that you could eat out of them! The pedicure baths are gorgeous!Keang Ly was the woman who did my nails and she was great! I went with the Gel nail polish and it looks amazing! Also, it dries before you leave the salon...nope, I am not kidding. I was able to take my keys out of my purse without cursing myself for screwing up my fresh paint!Metro Nails, you now have yourself a horribly awkward and very excited client!
<review# 792,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/19/2011,3/18/2012,23,55,2,3,3>I wonder why I have never heard of this place and have had a hard time finding reviews on it.The first nice Friday of the year is like Christmas morning for me. I dream about it all winter - the ability to be outside on a deck somewhere, shovel in hand now replaced with a malty adult beverage. Yesterday was that day. Traditionally this day is spent at the Hot Club, which if you have read my previous reviews, you will know that this establishment will always be that first love to which all others will be compared to. However, my friends that do not share my sentiments convinced me to find somewhere else. We happened upon Houlians/Deck Forty TwoIt has everything the Hot Club has but on a smaller scale. There is a deck outside over the water with some tables. There is a small wooden bar, a single pool table, some flat screen TV's and decent beer prices. There is some confusion as to what is Deck Forty Two and What is Houlians, or is it both? There appears to be a restaurant of sorts, but we were there strictly for the outdoor drinking.  There is a parking lot and on-street parking. The crowd at the bar was fairly thin compared to what I heard was at the Hot Club, but sometimes that isn't a bad thing. I'm a fairly simple girl. A nice sunny day, $3 beer, and a deck on the water is all it takes to make me happy, and this place had all 3 things. I definitely plan on spending some time here this year.Cheers!
<review# 793,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/15/2011,3/17/2012,493,313,6,8,5>If you like specialty markets then you will LOVE LOVE LOVE this place. Specializing, or rather a high concentration in Portuguese foods and staples this place is pretty damn interesting to walk into. Ever had fava nuts? Ha! Me either until I went here and now they are one of my alltime favorite snacks. Ever heard of Sumol? Me either until I went here. It's a soda that is kind of like orangina only sweeter. About 40 different kinds of port. Go figure. Salted cod. Got it.Sure, you are not going to fidn artisan cheeses here (seriously Amanda?) but you have to love this place for what it is.
<review# 794,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/16/2011,3/16/2012,14,22,5,15,11>OK.  I'm really reluctant to write this... Fact is, there is a TOO well kept secret gathering spot that needs to be on your radar.  My reluctance stems from a fear of it being discovered and overrun by bro's and peeps.  But my affection for the spot, the people... the whole notion of it compels me to shout it out.There was time when every ethnic group living in a city like Providence,  Pawtucket, Fall River, Worcester.. any industrial town which attracted a blue collar labor force...congregated in a couple of ways, specifically, within the church/parish and the social club. Italians, Portuguese, Irish, Polish and Germans all had their neighborhood social club.  It was a gathering spot wherein the membership could share in the fellowship of each others company, at the end of a long week's work in the mill.  Here they could partake of their traditional fare and, or course, a bottle or tankard of their favorite libation.  Truly a taste of and tie to their ancestral home and traditions.  An oasis of comfort and community.They also provided a focal point to welcome newcomers to the scene could gain access to that community.  In one short evening they entered a stranger and left a member of family  These venues were a core component of life through the 1920's to 1960's.As that great generation aged, so too did the clubs.  As the new generation moved to suburbia, the clubs died out.  Besides, it wasn't cool, sophisticated or happening to hang out listening to Grandpa and his cronies go on and on about the old country.  Eventually, these bastions of cultural preservation became derelict, frequented only by the remnant survivors of cultures long since homogenized. There is a survivor.  It is the German American Cultural Society and it can be found at 78 Carter Avenue in Pawtucket.  (Carter Ave runs off of Newport Avenue by Hasbro's headquarters complex). It is a full fledged social club which hosts events throughout the year.  All worthy of consideration, the most notable is the Fall Oktoberfest, a welcome change to the much promoted Newport travesty (please explain to me when falafel and barbecue became a part of Oktoberfest).But on Friday nights at 7 o'clock the Rathskeller comes alive.  And Fridays ONLY.  Literally in the basement of the decades old grange-like structure, you pass through the Red Door and step into a time most of you have never known.Fancy it ain't.  It is quaint, a bit subdued but always warm and inviting.  Kind of like going over to Uncle Joe and Aunt Rose's house at Thanksgiving.Amy greets you the bar where she serves up AUTHENTIC German drafts... most for only $3 to $4 a piece.  It's full bar service but the brews are the news. The kitchen serves up an ever changing menu of real German standards but get there early cause it goes fast.  Its good, its cheap and always pleases the crowd.And what an eclectic crowd.  Of course, the core remains the "Old Guard" who can be found at a round wooden table reserved for them.  They've got their own personal steins, their own basket of pretzels and are more than happy to share a tale of yore with anyone who will listen.But there is an increasing number of younger folks... 20/30 somethings... who are tuning into the value and charm the Rat offers.  You can actually carry on a conversation with a group of friends without having to shout above the crowd.Shoot some pool, throw some darts, play some Foosball... all FREE of charge.  You can spend the evening (open til 12), eat, drink and be merry for under $20.  But bring cash (bargeld)... no credit/debit cards and no ATM on site.And yes, there is accordion player most Fridays accompanying a handful of old timers who churn out old standards from the old country.  You wont understand a word... but you'll be transported to another time.The GACS is nonprofit and all volunteer run.  It is a labor of love and that love shines through.  But when the Old Guard is gone, gone too will be the stories, the heavy accents, the tradition and the charm.  But there is hope in the infusion of new blood.  I mean can't we start our own traditions?We need to save this place.  I mean we REALLY need to save this place.  There will always be plenty of venues to pull up to in your Escalade, flash your chains, and text your friends while you grind your junk.But we need more than that.  We need places to gather, look each other in the eye, shake a hand, exchange ideas and share our humanity.  We need to respect old ways and those who bridge eras.  We can start acting like human beings again.See you at the Rat.
<review# 795,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/5/2012,3/15/2012,81,361,5,11,4>A total gem.  I am so in love I could gush like a school girl does over Justin Beiber.  First, FINALLY a grocery on the Westside.  Thank you.  That alone deserves five starts.  Second, it is "go local" at its best.  Since it is February, the fresh produce is limited to root vegetables, apples, and other cold storage options, along with a bit of mesclan from greenhouses.  However, there are meat, cheese, milk, eggs, dry goods and a coffee bar.  But that is not even the best part.  The BEST PART is how wonderful you feel when you step in.  It is warm and inviting with hand-painted murals along the walls.  You feel as if you are entering someone's home rather than the local grocer.  The man that helped check me out was genuinely interested in chit chat.  I felt as if we were friends and we had known each other for a total of 2 minutes.  There's a seating area to enjoy homemade goods or a coffee.  There's a designated play area for the little ones.  (I won't lie....with the sun coming in, I wanted to sit down and build things with the blocks).  I can't wait for the true growing season for more bounty.  I plan to be a regular.
<review# 796,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/10/2012,3/14/2012,92,185,,7,5>I'd like to start out by saying that I am super excited that all of these nice restaurants are opening up downtown to help revive it a little bit!  I've looked at old pictures of downtown Attleboro, back when all of the storefronts were occupied and people actually spent time there, and found myself wishing for a revival of the sad, lonely looking town center.  Sangria's is just what the doctor ordered!!!  I went on Wednesday night just to meet a friend for drinks, and was so impressed by how nice the place was and how delicious the menu looked that I came back for dinner the following night!  The place is a little bit dressy, so don't show up in a baseball hat and a t-shirt... but I thought that was a refreshing change from the usual Attleboro restaurant.  All of the service I've experienced so far has been very friendly and helpful, and the interior decor is very warm and elegant.So my first thought upon looking at the menu was "Well... they named the place Sangria's, so that means I absolutely have to try their sangria!"  I ordered a glass of the red, and ohmygod was it good!  I will even go as far as saying it was -almost- as good as my sangria!  Definitely the best sangria I've ordered at a restaurant!  It's served in a very large glass with not too much ice, for $6!  You can also order a pitcher for $19.  Score!My friend and I ordered 5 tapas plates for the two of us, and it was definitely more than enough.  We ordered the fried cheese, which was my favorite, the chickpeas, which was also awesome, brown sugar sweet potatoes, which were basically sweet potato fries but were really yummy anyway, the spicy ahi tuna, and a meat one with chicken, pork, beef, and chirico.  I must say we weren't big fans of the meat plate.  All of the meat seemed either really dry or really fatty, and we didn't end up eating very much of it.  All of the other dishes we nearly finished, and left feeling like we could explode.  The best part?  All of that food plus a pitcher of sangria came out to $55!  Not bad at all for a classy dinner and drinks for two!!!At the end of the meal, we were given a complimentary sample of white port, which I was not a huge fan of, but it was a nice gesture nevertheless.  I generally don't like port because it's too sweet and syrupy for me, so I think that was more of a personal preference than a criticism.Definitely need to come back here with the boyfriend so we can try some of the more adventurous stuff on the menu like quail and rabbit, since I couldn't manage to talk my friend into trying them.  Considering this place is only a mile and a half  from my house, I'm sure I'll be returning sooner rather than later!
<review# 797,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/19/2011,3/13/2012,48,138,4,5,3>I don't think there are words to describe this place!It is hands-down the best place to go late night.  Grab a couple of wieners all-the-way and a regular Coke.  Maybe some fries drenched in malt vinegar and salt?This is a not just some dive joint, this is where Rhode Islanders make memories!Go make yours this weekend- you will not be disappointed.
<review# 798,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/17/2011,3/12/2012,5,56,3,3,3>Visually this place is a 5 Star, it's very nice and contemporary/clean inside. Another place where you walk in and have a slight hint of how much money you'll shell out for the food!We went there for Valentine's day for a girls night out. It was nice, the place wasn't as busy for such a busy night. I knew someone working there so she did all the ordering, we ordered a bunch of sushi and fried rice.The sushi was very different, it tasted fresh and different because of the ingredients they used that I haven't tasted elsewhere. I also had toro there 3 pieces for the mere price of $19. Overall I liked the sushis, the prices however made me rethink ever going back.The fried rice however was not so good...I wouldn't recommend it, it was a very weird texture rice, very hard and even though it was so brown, it was not good. Had some green tea ice green which always moves me the right way! I love it!I'll attach pictures of some of our order, the food was very well presented.
<review# 799,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/17/2012,3/11/2012,142,225,3,3,8>Great beer approachFriendly staffComfortable, if loud, environsIf you'll indulge me, I'd like to tell you about a silly Coors Light football-shaped keychain I got many years ago. It's a needless thing, rarely of true utility, a little too skinny to be very useful, a little too long to blend well with the rest of my keychain, shopworn now, and all-around unimportant.  So why in heaven's name am I typing about it when you're trying to decide what in Sam Hill is the skinny with Doherty's East Ave?I won the keychain for winning a trivia round, going a perfect 10/10 on some tough questions, and feeling genuine pride when I did. Knew the answers myself.  So the keychain stays in the picture. Which brings me to Doherty's.  They have legitimately enjoyable trivia - fun to participate in either formally, or just overhear while nearby.  And there are some who are trying to use their cell phones to Google answers, and that's unfair, and a drag...but overall fun just the same. Do the right thing and try to test yourself on fair terms - we're not the '80s East Germans.  After all, what does tainted winning get you?  Probably a silly Coors Light football-shaped keychain, right? Anyway, just a few nitpicks, mostly small and easily overlooked - the layout is a bit broken up, but just large enough to overcome that.  There's a cramped phone booth of a men's room.  The parking situation's not ideal.  The brunch food is nothing to write home about, but it's good, and very hearty. When the kitchen backs up, you can still experience good service (delicious mini-muffins while you wait, anyone?).  The complaints of steadily rising prices feel legit, but might be fair to attribute to Doherty's just knowing what a good thing they're running. Mostly, Doherty's is a bar's bar.  The best for last is their beer selection.  It's not just that it's broad, or good stuff, or a hallmark of their offering.  It's that it rotates frequently, is varied in styles, frequently encompasses some tougher to get choices, and their menu tells you what's recently arrived and what you have to get before it's gone, which is genuinely helpful in making selections.  There's a beer club to help you win stuff and keep track of what you've sampled.  There are beer flights (choice of 4 OR 6 sample racks!) that help to expose you to more for less.  And the bar itself is just good to sit at.  Sturdy, a few TVs, room for some friends, and a gorgeous view of intriguing cooler bottle selections and row upon row of gleaming taps.  Just what a thirsty individual wants.  I've been introduced to a solid number of brews here I couldn't find elsewhere (or just straight-up hadn't even heard of yet).  An extra note of thanks to them for continuing to have Southern Tier Pumking '11 on tap (at time of review, roughly 5-6 months past first release of a decently tough brew to find post-season). It'll be gone soon, but the extended play on one of my true favorites has been a genuine treat. It's not specifically a hidden gem at this stage, but my feeling is that other reviews might possibly be bemoaning the loss of a legend too hard - Doherty's is a really good bar.  And despite it not being too hidden a gem now, it remains a worthy one.  Recommended.
<review# 800,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/9/2011,12/27/2011,55,117,4,3,3>The number one reason not to go to Andinos? You will REEK of garlic for days. Forget tanning beds, kickboxing classes and tonsil hockey until you've properly detoxed.The number one reason to go to Andinos? Yum yum garlicly italian food! This place is adorable. Highly Italian. The first time I went here was for my Mom's birthday. We had reservations. It is clear they have different seating for the regulars and the newbies. That's cool, I like places that favor their favorites. The food was good ol' Italian comfort food. I had the seafood pasta and adored it. I must say though, my mother had Chichken Marsala and I liked that better. I can't tell you what my dad's dish tasted like, he was too busy licking the plate.The highlight, however, was the desert. The name escapes me.. I think it is called Catanna? but OH MAN it is to DIE FOR. It is the only thing on the menu you won't recognize.I just recently went back for lunch. This was even more fun. My mom and I had large glasses of tasty Sangria (see the picture I posted) These were large glasses. My mother was super tipsy while we waited for our food. I ate an appetizer for lunch. It was basically a giant mushroom, smothered in cheese with garlic on top. MMMMMM..... so good! I'd eat here more often but I like fitting into my skinny jeans!
<review# 801,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/16/2011,12/26/2011,69,159,,3,3>Yes, 5 stars for a hot dog joint! For those of you lamenting the closures of certain locations, don't cry! Dash Providence (Foodler) delivers for them! Like other reviewers, Spike's has ruined me for any other hotdog. A  honking, juicy, flavorful dog in a soft fresh chewy roll, and it comes in so many combos that you're bound to be satisfied! My faves: The Patriot, with stone-ground mustard, bacon, and cheddar. The Reuben, with what else but sauerkraut, Swiss, and Russian dressing? So genius! Also, the amazingly delish "hubcap" chocolate chip cookie is the size of my head!
<review# 802,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/11/2011,12/25/2011,54,196,3,5,3>It was a rainy gross day, and I did not feel like driving to Boston...but a package HAD to get delivered. Luckily, I was able to call around to local courier companies, and chose Midnight Run because they were the kindest on the phone.  Great prices compared to other companies, and the gentleman came over to our office quickly.The courier drove to EG, RI -- brought a package to BOS --- and brought back a package to EG, and the total was $192.  Other companies were charging at least $100 more.Very friendly, cheapest cost around, and saved me a headache in traffic!
<review# 803,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/19/2011,12/24/2011,34,119,,16,4>I was shocked and amazed when I realized that the Harvard Observatory was on Yelp but Ladd was not.Ladd is Brown University's observatory, up at the top of Hope St, and it is open to the public on all clear Tuesday nights. This place is a gem, if you've never been. It was left untouched through most of the 20th century, so it's a beautiful late-1800's building and a gorgeous observatory. The staff are very knowledgeable - unlike most observatorys' open nights, which are staffed by amateurs, these guys are the real deal. They will explain anything you want to know about those spots in the sky. The large telescope upstairs is pointed at something interesting - Saturn and Jupiter are common lately. If you've never seen Saturn's rings or the moons of Jupiter in anything but a picture, you OWE it to yourself to do it at least once.Downstairs, they have presentations on astronomy-related topics and the newly-renovated transit room, where they'll show you how clocks used to be set by the stars.
<review# 804,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/9/2011,12/23/2011,26,84,,6,1>Finally, a new restaurant on Main St that is not Italian...and this one's a keeper.Taking it's place on the first floor of The Elms, Besos Tea House offers tapas, entrees, a lunch menu, and an extensive martini selection...apparently high tea is coming soon...eh, no thanks...Went last night - day 3 of operation, and things were firing on all cylinders. Was seated outside, which was great, but staring at East Greenwich Farms & Cathay Garden are not idyllic views.The service was fantastic - extremely attentive, apologetic when the kitchen made a mistake - a big plus. Order six different tapas plates - chorizo stuffed mushrooms and the pork taquitos were highlights (although the taquitos were more like soft shelled tostadas - not rolled - wtf?). Overall, great menu. A blend of Spanish, international fusion - will be hitting the entrees next time, although tapas have been a long time coming to EG, and are a welcome addition...Cocktails were extremely strong - I'm happy to get my money's worth, but I needed a sidecar of club soda to soften my drink. Sometimes even too strong is, well, too strong.It's on the pricier side - the six plates & two rounds of cocktails for two, with tip, ran $130. One negative - called to make a reservation earlier in the day, and was told they take no reservations for parties under 6. It was explained to me that if someone came in looking for a table, and they were holding an empty table for a reservation, that the customer might get upset. Sorry, am I missing something? This is pretty standard operating procedure. You offer valet service, yes? Think about offering reservations too.
<review# 805,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/5/2011,12/22/2011,131,218,2,4,3>Soooo good.  As in, "I will never go back to the horribly overrated Haruki East" good.  Avoid the slow service and lack of atmosphere by ordering to go.  Vegetarian friends: Yam roll and Umeshiso roll are amazing.  Bonus: Three Sisters is right next door.  Perfect for dessert!
<review# 806,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/29/2011,12/21/2011,91,416,,5,1>I am in shock that I have not written a review of Rasoi yet since this is one of my go to restaurants.  Each time I go, I find another reason to love it.  Here are some of the highlights.1. The decor - clean, modern, functional. They have dividers that can be put against the wall to create a more open feeling or can be used to create separate spaces for groups. The bar in the center of the restaurant is open and draws people in without feeling like it's taking away from the space2. The menu - symbols to indicate vegan, gluten free, vegetarian options, makes it easy to take anyone here (this is a huge plus for me who has a lot of friends who are particular about what they eat).  Great selection of breads, and other dishes3. The service - always friendly. I feel like the pace of the meal is perfect - I'm never wondering where my food is or feel like I'm rushed to finish it. I also think it must be a good place to work because the same waitstaff has been there over the course of the 4 years I have been frequenting the restaurant.4. The deals - When you sign up for their mailing list you get a free meal in your birthday month.  They also ran a puzzle promotion, where they sent each person a puzzle piece and if your piece fit one of the 5 holes in the puzzle, you would earn a gift certificate.  I don't think you know how perfect this promotion was for me.  I love places that are creative and appreciative.5. The drinks - whether you get a glass of wine, a signature cocktail, or a nonalcoholic drink, you'll be happy.  And the waitstaff is good about refilling the water glasses, so that you'll never be thirsty.6.The food - of course the food has to be good to want to come back, and it always is. I've had some of their special apps which have rocked my world, but their entrees are good enough on their own. Sometimes the heat could be punched up a little, but with the choice of sides (spinach=yum) and the flavorful rice and sauces, I am always ready to come back.  Now that I've finished the review, I still feel like there is so much more to love about this place, but I'll let you figure out the rest on your own.
<review# 807,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/11/2011,12/20/2011,16,90,4,7,3>I'm a fan of Captain Seaweed's. It isn't really so much a dive bar (i.e. a cheap bar looking to attract people from everywhere) as it is a neighborhood bar (the "sketchy people" that everyone keeps complaining about live in the neighborhood and in general aren't as sketchy as skittish Brown students make them out to be). They have cheap drinks, don't care much about service (but you don't go to a bar for the service do you?), and have an AWESOME patio.So to be clear, if you are looking for a hip divey bar where local hipsters congregate this is not for you. If you live within a few blocks and want to go drink beer outside and don't mind your neighbors then you have found your place.Also the fact that it closes at midnight should surprise absolutely no one. It has nothing to do with the bar deciding to close at midnight and everything to do with city zoning laws. The area is zoned residential. It's the same reason that E&O has to kick it at midnight.
<review# 808,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/29/2011,12/19/2011,104,60,6,4,4>Hey hey I am baaaaaack and I am here to review one of my favorite ice cream joints in one of the greatest cities this side of the Mississippi!  That's right you guessed it! Pawtucket, Rhode Island.Dot's Dairy Bar is a rare gem.  If they made ice cream dive bars this would be it.  The place itself is very small and with limited parking.  But the ice cream makes you forget all about this.  I swear this stuff is like crack in a dairy format.  They always have a great assortment of ice cream flavors.  I recommend anything with Peanut Butter.  Dot's has it all. From cones to shakes!  The prices aren't that unreasonable either!  Don't feel like sweating your (insert body part here)?  Then grab a pint to go!WeatherMan Predicts:  Dot's is great for a date or to bring your children.  Strong chance of extreme dairy satisfaction!
<review# 809,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/30/2011,12/18/2011,149,382,,3,2>The more I shop at Eastside, the more that I love it.  I love that it's local and that I can get local items there.  I love that I can get conventional and name brand items, not solely organic items.  I love that I can find many of the items that I need for around the same prices as the big name grocery stores (it just takes some extensive perusing to find the best prices).  Most of all, I love the free coffee while you shop!  Their prepared food section is quite amazing, with everything ranging from a salad bar and soup to sushi, sandwiches and pizza.  They have lots of gourmet cheeses to choose from if you are a fan.  I have personally never had a problem with their produce being bad, but I generally buy most of my produce down the street at the farmer's market.  When I have bought their produce, I haven't noticed any bugs or other icky things.  I am absolutely thrilled to have found such a gem right in my neighborhood.  The service is always so friendly and I rarely have trouble finding any of the brands that I love.
<review# 810,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/26/2012,11/1/2012,26,185,2,4,2>In an effort to expand our culinary horizons, and given the opportunity to do so because of East Greenwich Restaurant Week, we went to dinner here last Saturday evening.  It's definitely a small space (maybe 7 tables total and about a dozen stools at the bar), and there's no host(ess) stand at the entry, which can be confusing when first arriving, but the staff were friendly and said we could sit anywhere we pleased.  Since we were the only patrons there, which in and of itself worried us a bit, we chose a table by the window. Anyway we perused the regular menu and were told about the restaurant week menu and opted to go with the 3 course RW option.  However, we were definitely interested in items on the regular menu, but figured we'd try them another time.  So my wife had the caesar salad and I had the stuffies for appetizers; the salad was fine, the stuffies were good.  For entrees, I had the baked stuffed shrimp and my wife had the scallops.  We had a choice of sides, which was nice (I had french fries and she had mashed potatoes).  Both entrees were also good.  Dessert was a fried twinkie. . . tasty if you're into deep-fried things, but I could see how it might not float everyone's boat.Overall we were pleased with our dining experience.  Service was friendly and efficient and prices were reasonable (yes, we were there for RW, but the menu prices looked reasonable as well).  We both said we would like to return to try other menu items.  The place did fill up rather quickly while we were there, and I'm not sure if they take reservations, so we'll be sure to get there early next time we decide to go.
<review# 811,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/11/2012,10/31/2012,171,187,3,17,6>Elephants: they're kinda my thing. Their majesty, the utter cuteness of baby elephants, the tune "The Elephant Walk" - they just bring a smile to my face. And lately, so does The Elephant Room. This is a great new addition to the center of Pawtuxet Village. When you walk in, you are immediately enveloped in serene surroundings: two airy, open levels where you can sit, enjoy free WiFi, and sip some truly unique and outstanding teas. There is a giant photo hanging on the wall of a rope bridge that appears out of a foggy jungle tableau. It's evocative and exotic, just like the teas served here.Entrees include fresh and yummy (if a bit spare for the price) salads and crepes: your choice of sweet or savory. I've enjoyed an amazing arugula salad and a ham + cheese crepe: both were noteworthy and mouthwatering. On the sweeter side, I've had biscotti and one of the most delicious teas on the planet: Chocolate Monkey. Trust me in this, if you are in the mood for a dessert tea, you'll savor every sip.It bears mentioning that The Elephant Room offers stevia as a sweetener. I prefer that to any other sweetener and have never seen it offered at the table anywhere else, ever (usually it's regular old sugar, the yellow and pink stuff or the oh-so-fancy Sugar in the Raw - none of which I feel comfortable ingesting). So to them I say bravo!My chief critique is that I wish The Elephant Room would increase their portion sizes a bit. The quality of everything on the menu is phenomenal; I just wish there were a bit more of it! But hey that's me, I'm a growing girl. The staff is so friendly; one of the owners, Tony, is hands down the nicest person I've met since moving to the neighborhood. If you are busy working while eating, or chatting with a friend, you will never, ever be rushed out the door. You get the sense that The Elephant Room would give you the keys and ask you to lock up when you leave. If you love tea and are looking for a a non-chain alternative to TeaLuxe, pay a visit to The Elephant Room. You'll fall in love!
<review# 812,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/7/2012,10/30/2012,81,227,,6,3>A good sports bar with a decent menu and beer selection. As evidenced by the name, its focus is on being a good place to watch a Football game - rather than being just a regular bar that happens to have a couple TVs. The food is typical sports bar fare - think wings, pizza, burgers,  potato skins and the like. They also some salads, wraps and other options if that's your thing, and a few actual entrees. They have a good selection of beer, but the focus is definitely on Bud, Coors and such. The prices are good - especially if you're used to Providence prices.Service is good, and the crowd were all there to watch the game. There weren't any little kids at the bar (which always creeps me out a bit) so it's okay to yell when the football gods bless or curse your team.
<review# 813,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/5/2012,10/29/2012,32,85,5,4,2>As a new runner, I had been getting a lot of pain in my legs. I went to Rhode Runner after being recommended by a friend who is training for a marathon and it was the best thing I could have done. They will have you take off your shoes and will study how you walk to determine what kind of support you need. The girl who was helping me brought back a few choices for me to try on and I was amazed at the difference. She suggested I run on their small indoor track or take a spin around the block in the sneakers to try them out. The shoes I ended up getting fit like a dream. They don't look like anything I had in mind, which is the only bummer but for the sake of my gams it is worth not having "the look" I was going for. Besides, It's probably best not to have any attention grabbing shoes while working out, best to divert any eyes away from me while I'm beat red and sweating like a whore in church. Price-wise it's fairly expensive but you are getting great quality and great service.
<review# 814,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/28/2012,10/28/2012,68,635,,6,2>Yep, I can see how the reviews play out, either 1 star or 5 star. So is this the best Italian in RI?  I don't know, I have not eaten at all of the places in RI.  Is it simply an amazing unique experience that you need to be prepared for?  You bet.  Fortunately I read the reviews first or I may have been a little worried.  But, all of the 5 stars are correct.1) There is no Menu.  The guy will simple ask what you want and carry on a conversation and make your experience unique for you.  I will say he seems to love his fresh vegetables though.2) He really will come over and chat you up.  There is no rhyme or reason, it is just fun.  So play along, engage and don't be a snob.  It is a lot more entertaining.  3) We had Pizza.  It was one of his own creation after talking with us.  Our youngest daughter wanted just pepperoni.  He asked the adults if we did and we all said no.  So he counseled us not to listen to the children.  Also, if we wanted just a pepperoni pizza, we could go down the road where the 'punks' make pizza.  All said tong and cheek.This was one of the best pizzas I have has.  The sauce was flavorful, but not slopped all over it.  It was fill of great fresh vegetables, cheese and ham.  We will be going back.
<review# 815,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/3/2012,10/27/2012,94,272,6,14,6>I totally gotta say, I have no flippin' clue how Supreme Buffet could possibly warrant a one star.  Unless the one star stands for "this place is so wall crawling awesome that it totally defies all rating standards," I don't really get it.A brand new restaurant now situated where the once mediocre Hometown Buffet stood, Hibachi Grill & Buffet has pretty much.. everything.  Ample seating, clean bathrooms and of course.. the food.  Tons and tons of..food.  From chicken wings, fingers, breasts to various cuts of beef & pork, I was pretty shocked at the sheer variety.  There's also plenty of fresh sushi and an awesome DIY grill where you choose your pickings on a plate and a chef cooks it up nice & fresh.  Did I totally mention all this is included in the standard price?  On my first stop by, I tried a small sample of as much as I could: awesome beef with broccoli, fantastic mixed veggies, chicken teriyaki is primo.. and oh em gee, deep fried cucumber?!  Sweet fried PLATINOES?!  I gotta give it to these dudes: despite having such a ginormous amount of food, everything is absolutely kept fresh and the trays are changed out frequently.  There's also a decent variation of "homestyle" American dishes like pot roast, baked fish, mashed potatoes, etc.  Totally not bad and so much better than Hometown Buffet's.  Of course they have the standard dessert dishes but other than ice cream, I've never bothered snagging pastries from a chinese dig.  (Seriously?)Did I mention this is totally included in the price?  Which brings me to the best part: the price.  $6.99 for the lunch buffet,  with hibachi, sushi and what's typically considered dinner foods at other buffets.  Seriously amazing.I really do recommend this place.  I truly hope they continue this same level of service and quality food since we all know the elicit buffet can go downhill, quick.
<review# 816,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/7/2012,10/26/2012,202,333,,4,2>LIke nothing I've ever had, but something I want to do over and over again.  Crust is somewhere between naan bread and a tradition thin crust.  Cheese is sooo good and tucked under toppings.  I ordered The Grille Classic: wild mushrooms, grilled yellow onions, pepperoni, parmesan and romano cheese - but substituted spinach for the mushrooms and found it pretty much bliss.  Have had it for 3 out of my last 4 meals. Didn't like how there was no one in the front of the house when I arrived for pick up. I could see them all playing in the kitchen while I waited for 5-10, and my pizza was given to me tepid.  I would have preferred hot, but I can over look this in hopes of a turn around on my next visit.
<review# 817,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/12/2012,10/24/2012,52,188,,6,2>A friend and I stumbled upon this place early this afternoon when we had to get ID badges in Cranston. To be honest, I don't leave Providence a whole lot for food (unless it's to go to Sunnyside or Trafford in Warren)--so this was quite an extraneous effort for all the hype we have been hearing about this place.Ichiban met my expectations--I'm not sure they exceeded them.To be sure, I'm a bit of a sushi and Asian food snob. And the fact that this is a Japanese restaurant that serves Korean food bugs me slightly. Why can't Asian restaurants just stick to ONE Asian culture?! All Asian foods are not equal! Korea and Japan are not even on the same continent!But alas. The sushi at Ichiban really is exquisitely crafted.I had the lunch special bento box.For $8.95, you get a sushi roll, veggie tempura (a pretty reasonable quantity), rice, salad, miso soup, and 2 dumplings. Each item was really well made and the dumplings were particularly fresh and delectable.I definitely need to come back to this place and try some of their Korean food. Even though it's Korean food made by a Japanese chef...
<review# 818,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/24/2012,10/23/2012,59,112,2,4,2>Always a good choice for a big group lunch for people at my company and probably one of the few places that has a little bit of something for everyone.  I have a co-worker that has strict dietary requirements and can still find something he likes here.  Decor wise the place has a low key oriental style that's subtle and booths throughout the place.  They have a large fish tank at the door and a brightly lit fully stocked bar that has just about every hard liquor and spirits a person could want.  They have a couple large round tables for groups of up to 10 and can put a few square tables together if needed for larger groups.  Food I only really had lunch and they definitely give you a great value for the price with a lunch entree which includes your choice of soup, plain or white rice, and chicken wings (2) or chicken fingers (3).  If you go with the Japanese lunch it's slightly more expensive.  Appetizers, our group usually splits a few order of Nime Chow and Spring Rolls which are very well done.  Can't find any fault with the food as I am always well stuffed and satisfied for lunch.  A restaurant that can open a few branches over RI must be doing something right.  It's hard to do an Asian fusion right but I do see a predominate Chinese style menu but Thai and Japanese are done fairly well.  I also see the manager/owner always there to make sure everything is good by walking around the floor.  Definitely a plus for any customer relations.
<review# 819,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/9/2012,10/22/2012,65,137,5,8,5>We went back this Friday and I tried the Beef Galbi sliders and the veggie dumplings. Based on this visit, I'm knocking my star rating up to 5. The folks rocking the window service are friendly and helpful, and the food is just darn good. I'm going to go ahead and call it: the Pork Kimchi sliders are my fave. Follow Mama Kim's on Twitter, Facebook, whatever you need to do. Just go find the truck and your tummy will thank you.
<review# 820,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/30/2012,8/21/2012,149,382,,4,2>L'Artisan has become my go-to spot in my neighborhood for coffee, breakfast, snacks, and an altogether amazing meal and relaxing time.Their iced coffee isn't my favorite in town, but honestly who cares when they have one of the best patios in the area to sip it on and enjoy an amazing sandwich (get the roast beef or the thai chicken, hot off the panini press).  If you are there for breakfast I highly recommend getting the breakfast sandwich on a croissant or the spinach and pepper quiche.  Superb. The atmosphere is perfect for reading or chatting with a pal on a rainy or snowy day inside, or on a sunny day in the warmer months, enjoy your meal under one of the umbrellas on the large patio.  Whenever you go, there is something you will find to enjoy.  Sweets, sandwiches, coffee, tea, fruit salads, and loads of international delights (try the cous-cous salad or Mediterranean platter. Both are awesome).  They also have a huge selection of European chocolates and other goodies.  If you are looking to bring home a treat of the non-baked variety, you may be able to find something from their collection.  They also have beer and wine that you can enjoy with your meal or treat.  Their staff (including their awesome owner) rock.  Everyone is super friendly, and most of them know what I drink and how I take my coffee, which always makes me feel good.  I was delighted to see that they finally put out an extra milk container with skim milk at the milk and sugar tray.  Now I don't have to bug them every time i want skim with my iced coffee.  The only thing that I don't like is that occasionally the iced coffee tastes a bit stale.  I also wish that they used locally roasted coffee instead of Illy, but hey it is a European style cafe, so I suppose it makes sense to serve Italian coffee. Love, love, love it.  You will find me here more often than not, because honestly, why wouldn't you want to hang out at such a cozy and fun place.
<review# 821,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/26/2012,8/20/2012,33,73,2,5,2>Some of this review might be lost on those who aren't too discerning about their sushi, but if you stick with me, I'll take ya to the top Rocky! Um...The three things I look for in sushi are:1. Temperature: Don't serve me warm sushi--even if I ordered cooked eel or shrimp. All it does is heat up the surrounding ingredients, leaving me with a lukewarm, chewy, slightly sticky hunk of fishy rice. Sushi must be cool and crisp.2. Proportion: Don't serve me a tuna roll with a sliver of tuna and then great lumps of poorly julienned vegetables. Shinsetsuna sa, please believe me when I say that I am definitely here to eat the stuff that has parents.3. Size & consistency: Not to be confused with the above. It's the equivalent of a fine cigar: roll it too loose and it's too big to fit in one's mouth and falls apart faster than a bamboo and paper tank; roll it too tight and it's steak night at the OKinawa Coral.Haruki makes good sushi, but it's not the best, and given that they wager their reputation on this particular food item, it could be better. Much better.If you're still reading then you know what I'm talking about. You love your sushi. So allow me to direct you to Ichi Ban in Cranston; trust me, it's worth the 10-minute commute. Jimmy & co will knock your tabi socks off with his deft, sometimes daring sushi creations, all expertly prepared for even the most snobbish of palates...like yours truly. Try the Carol Roll and tip generously.Paired with a carafe of hot sake, this easily equals even the best dinner out at someplace more spendy.Ni kanshite...
<review# 822,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/17/2012,8/19/2012,142,225,2,5,7>I think it's high time for a review update.  I leave the ridiculousness of my first-ever Yelp review as testament that I can laugh at myself.  I know I'll ramble into an ode to this joint more than a review, so I'll try to put the most useful stuff a little something like this:1) Libations, especially craft beer, are taken as seriously as a heart attack here.2) Preach: Brunch at Julian's rivals anywhere in North America.3) Some things stick on the menu, but many specials will tempt you each subsequent time you visit.  Give in to temptation unless the menu offering sways you - you likely won't go wrong either way.4) This is a powerful Broadway bastion.  Show some respect.(And now, you may tune out, should you choose to do so.)Gone are the ornate (fully-functional) Russian samovar, the DJ nest, and the questionable fire code compliance.  In are an exposed kitchen, a peerless beer rotation, and a well-crafted Pandora station that ain't gon' quit .  Constant and enduring are the collectible Pez dispensers in the loo.  As are the sunny, breezy days spent lazing out at the sidewalk tables with a drink and a snack, wondering what will come next for the brick independent drug store across the way, and for fair Providence writ large.  Or pushing past the wrought-iron door, through the heavy velvet drapes that insulate the interior from cold New England nights, where you adjust to the lighting, rub your hands together, take in your surroundings, and immediately start game-planning what your good night here will entail.  The bar, the chalk specials menu, the variety of tables, the music, and the space itself each beckon.I am not a gourmand, nor am I the one true beer and spirits authority, nor the king of all things nightlife, nor the unifying voice of Providence.  But simply put, I think I know a genuinely good time when I have one, and I have them frequently here.  This spot is the kaleidoscope through which I see and evaluate many other establishments - a Rosetta Stone of leisurely bar/restaurant pursuits for me. It is not the best thing since sliced bread; nor is it the ne plus ultra of all nightlife spots in the pantheon.  It is not without its imperfections...but it's a legitimately great spot. Julian's is a stalwart on the Providence scene smart enough to evolve, always.  I have sat here at the restaurant listening to a dramedy of Spanish music befitting a Telemundo soap opera, and, in a way, that's mildly natural here.  As is, you know, Motörhead.  Brunch - tremendous, delicious, varied, thoroughly population-endorsed.  It remains a primary reason I come here most times.  My family shares that opinion.  My friends in faraway cities still check in to see what the latest and greatest offerings here are, recounting times I've brought them here and they've salivated over dishes of excellent distinction.Lunch/dinner - Lemme testify; my wife and I tried to have our rehearsal dinner here in 2003 and my parents, of a more traditional bent, nixed the idea.  I've been attempting to make it up ever since.Beer: oh, man, the curated, ever-changing selection of beer.  Sam and Brian play taps like it's lights-out at an army bunker.  The "Kevin Leavitt Up All Night" (stout and an espresso shot) is a beverage piece de resistance morning, noon, or night.  I have met Kevin Leavitt and shaken his hand for providing inspiration.  The flight sampler option here is one of the strongest bangs for your ABV buck you'll find in this fair land.It's been a long, strange trip, and enjoyable all the way. Julian's is an institution that's evolved as Broadway has, and has been doing the damn thing as long as anyone in the modern post-Providence River-is-covered-by-a-concrete-parking-lot era.  This is a cornerstone establishment to the Providence scene, and I'm happy to know it.I'll see you there.
<review# 823,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/11/2012,8/18/2012,171,187,3,5,3>For more than thirty years of my life, I had virgin hair: one flat shade of dark, brunette locks. I'd always been afraid to experiment. Well, a couple of years ago I lost my virginity at La La Luxe and I've never looked back.My stylist, Jen, is a true master of both cut and color - and a smart cookie, to boot. Jen takes the time to get to know you and can whip up a look that is perfectly suited to each individual. You can and should chat with her about hair color (where you are, where you'd like to be) and preview different swatches, before a single strand gets dipped in dye. And she's pretty much got a photographic memory, so after two hours in her chair she WILL remember you: your style, your personality, and little details that prove this is a woman who knows how to listen. A typical cut and color here may take more than two hours, so be aware and make the time for it. Really, would you want to go to a stylist who claims they can transform you in record time? This is your HAIR, ladies!A few weeks ago Jen gave me the most beautiful ombré hair color for summer. I've been rocking this incredible, beachy-sunset hair that is still completely professional at work and looks fun after work too. Sometimes I think I'm slowly becoming a blond before my very eyes, but it actually looks interesting as opposed to boring, and it's all thanks to La La Luxe for coaxing me out of my comfort zone. The setting is beyond sweet: a smallish, feminine and inviting open air loft space. The salon's product selection is outstanding. Hair is important and it is personal. You want to put your crowning glory in the hands of someone who gets that, and gets you. That's Jen and from what I can tell, that's everyone at La La Luxe. Probably the best endorsement I can give is the fact that I walked two miles across Providence, from downtown to the East Side, in a raging snowstorm in order to make my hair appointment here last winter. And I wasn't alone. La La Luxe's clientele is devoted. It's because everyone looks so incredible and feels so good about themselves when they leave. The results speak for themselves.
<review# 824,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/21/2012,8/16/2012,69,159,,14,8>One thing you must understand about Fertile Underground is that they are a co-op, and they depended on community funding in order to open their doors. That means they were not able to construct a "Whole Foods" overnight. Nor should they have.That being said, I don't dare count on them having a certain vegetable or protein -- I build meals around what I find there. I love that they have fresh, local, organic meat and produce, as well as the organic household staples they have on hand. Plus, their stock is growing every day. It helps to become a friend on Facebook, because then you can catch all the deals and newly arrived products they post about.I do not think they are overly expensive -- I get Nasoya organic tofu there for the same cost as at the Price Rite. You can't just look at the prices and make a snap judgement; what are you getting? A Portlandia-ish organic free range chicken raised and slaughtered in Rhode Island (complete with a name, like "George") for $8.50 is perfectly reasonable. $2.99 for a wheat grass plant when the same sized wheat grass plant at Eastside Marketplace is "on sale" for $3.99? Reasonable. I always find something great there. Yesterday they had a sale on (MOFGA organic) FEDCO seeds, and I picked up 5 packets for $8 something. Reasonable. The staff has never failed to be friendly and enthusiastic, and perfectly willing to greet you and engage in conversation. They also accept EBT and credit cards, making them all the more accessible to their community. If you have evolved past the age of Wonder Bread, then Fertile Underground is an awesome place to start.
<review# 825,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/2/2012,8/15/2012,105,224,4,5,3>After hating running my entire life, I started trying to run about 6 months ago with whatever shoes I had. But slowly, as I gained more confidence in my feet, I started to consider myself "a runner" and crept into the store. Now, I'm a budget shopping queen - hello, I came here because of a yelp deal. Therefore, it actually took a few trips to get over the sticker shock. When it comes to something I know nothing about, there is no substitute for good old fashioned service. My first trip, I only bought a water bottle and some accessories. Then they told me about a bra fitting event so I came back a week later. The bras ended up being on sale because of the event that day plus I got to use my Yelp Deal, so I got a good deal on it, and the personalized fitting service and recommendations were spot on. Since it was special event, I also got a goodie bag which included a $10 off coupon.Finally, I went to see a guy about some shoes. They analyzed my gait and recommended a few options. They patiently let me try them on and run around the store as much as I wanted to. I was kinda nervous though that none of the shoes had prices listed on them. I chose the pair that felt the best - surprisingly I chose the ones that were not the cutest. Yeah actually they're not cute at all, but they feel good. I used my coupon and they were still the most expensive sneakers I've ever bought but... I guess not any more expensive than a pair of Jordans. Oh, and then when I signed up for their mailing list, I got another $10 coupon.As with many things in life, you get what you pay for. Here you are paying for patience and expertise that as a newbie, I can't get anywhere else. Maybe you'll get lucky like me and get a string of coupons.
<review# 826,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/11/2012,8/13/2012,36,150,,4,3>For my first stop on my Restauraunt Week 2012 tour I went to Chez Pascal after having heard about it from my friends since I started coming to Providence. We were seated outside quickly without a reservation, and ordered our options from the RW menu. I got mussels in broth for an appetizer, while hubby got the chowder. While I enjoyed my selection I have to say, the best mussels in Providence are being served at Louie Fuller- which isn't to say my CP mussels were bad, I just prefer how they're prepared (with a pink broth and crispy frites) at LF better. I also got stuck with a barnacled mussel, which I've never gotten across town (or at any other restaurant for that matter)- while I was assured there was no harm in its presence, I would've rather not had that mussel (along with the five that were closed) at all. Besides that, the rest of our meal was terrific. The vegetable entree was tasty and the blueberry crepes were very satisfying. All in all, I would definitely go back to Chez Pascal in the future to hopefully try dining in the main room and maybe try something off their normal menu.
<review# 827,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/11/2012,8/12/2012,68,635,5,1,2>Rhode Islanders are bad, bad people.  I have been here almost three years and I am just now finding out about this place?!?!?  What and the heck is wrong with you people?  I got sent to Casertas for god sake, have you eaten there?  That is a sure fire way to make a foreigner think you have absolutely no taste.Okay, enough of that.  On to the Bob & Timmy's.  Wow, what a gem.  I have to say that grilled pizza is Aaaaaaaamazing.  Until now I only knew Chicago, New Haven and New York had there own little twist.  Little Rhody never cease to amaze.  The only way I have been able to describe the crust is comparing it to a Naan Bread, only bigger and better.  Just a touch of crisp on the bottom, soft and chewy in the middle ant top.  The ingredients are top of the line fresh.  The sauce was not gobbed all over, just enough to add the flavor.I can not wait to get back and try the next one on the menu.So....after reflecting, I guess I can see why it has remained a secret.  No need to tourist it all up and ruin it.  So I will forgive you all, this time, sort of.  Man, what does a person have to do to prove himself around here.
<review# 828,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/13/2012,8/11/2012,19,122,,4,2>Ok.. a cool hot dog joint with a cool theme.   although they serve sandwiches, pizza, wings, etc., I've only had the dogs, and boy are they something.these dogs are large.. not like the NY System dogs, but so big that they're served on half of a fresh torpedo (or sub) roll.   Then they're topped with practically anything you'd want.  You can go with their creations (I prefer the chili-cheese and buffalo dogs) or create your own.  The curly fries are always done perfectly and the onion rings are pretty good too. This location is pretty clean, with ample parking.  I always see the same guy in there and he's always friendly and helpful.
<review# 829,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/13/2012,8/10/2012,52,188,3,1,4>I just realized that I've never reviewed Seven Stars... which... is practically like going to London and not making note of the London Bridge or going to Napa Valley without drinking wine. I apologize for the blasphemy.Seven Stars has the best bread I have ever had in my entire life. The multigrain is fresh, hearty, fibery goodness to the extreme, especially if you get it toasted with butter and jam. I may or may not have gotten it every morning on my way to work for a month.The turkey and ham sandwiches, toasted, are also absolutely refined, fresh, and crispy.The New Harvest coffee is some of the smoothest and well-balanced organic coffee in town. My parents came into town for a visit and bought 6 lbs of beans to take home with them to Michigan.A few random items that are wondertastic: cinnamon rolls, raspberry bars, and mango iced tea!
<review# 830,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/25/2014,9/16/2014,36,150,2,5,6>Rented a Mansion Rental scooter using a Living Social voucher and we had a great time zipping around Newport in it. As others have pointed out, you really don't get much instruction from the guys running the shop on how to drive/where to go. However, my husband seemed to get enough out of their quick tutorial to get us out of their driveway and we had a blast cruising around Ocean Drive and the mansions. I ended up driving it back from the State Park and picked up how to drive/brake really easily once I got going. Get a cruiser when it's full daylight and there isn't a lot of traffic. Even though you're supposedly a full motor vehicle when you're on the road you still can't help but feel really vulnerable/exposed when trucks and the like pull up behind you. Grab a helmet even though it's optional for drivers by state law- you never know how distracted the person behind you might be and a scooter is the last sort of vehicle you'd wanna be struck in. Super fun way to spend a day in Newport, would definitely rent a scooter again.
<review# 831,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/4/2014,9/15/2014,39,141,4,3,4>YUM! What a great brunch. I love the setup of the menu, with a list of savory, a list of sweets, a list of treats & sides, and a morning booze list. Mimosa not strong enough with your eggs? Have a French 75 instead. I had to admire a place that puts gin on a breakfast menu. We started with a doughnut (one is large enough for a starter/side) and a biscuit (one is NOT large enough.) The cheddar and chive buttermilk biscuit, while delicious, was the size of a fluffy quarter. It was more like a biscuit droplet. This was perhaps something the waitress could have mentioned to me when I only ordered one. South of the Mason Dixon line, biscuits are not the size of quarters, no ma'am. I had the Spanish style omelet (frittata) which had chives, potato, and chorizo. It was an excellent choice. The accompanying sourdough bread was lightly buttered and salted! My dining companion got the chubby duckling, and I stole a few samples of the duck. Well cooked, seasoned, the works. Both plates were nicely and simply presented. The space is fine, still a bit awkwardly divided, which I heard our waitress pointing out to the hostess when mentioning that it was a bit tricky to eye all her tables at once. Our waitress was overall very attentive, informative, and quick. The runners checking on water and clearing plates were also very efficient. We got two doughnuts to go at the end of the meal. Totally worth it.
<review# 832,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/31/2014,9/14/2014,34,119,5,4,5>Oh my. I hadn't been in here yet, and what neglect I have shown. I wandered in today because my sushi down the street had left me in need of... something. Something turned out to be the frozen pudding ice cream. The owner described it as "sort of like rum raisin, but with more fruit." It was a rich, mousse-like concoction, full of fruit and with a creamy, smooth flavor that was just to die for. I was very glad that I had opted for banana for the lower scoop in my cone; the banana ice creams was obviously made with real banana, not banana flavor, and it had a velvety perfection that was just the perfect palate cleanser after the luxurious frozen pudding.Also, hysterically, they have "doggie sundaes" - vanilla with a dog biscuit. Eee!
<review# 833,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/15/2014,9/13/2014,171,187,1,5,4>You've got to love an airport that's accessible within minutes from anywhere in Rhode Island that makes it very easy to hop, skip and jump basically anywhere else. Aside from international flights, which usually require schlepping to Boston's Logan Airport, T.F. Green is the way to go for low-maintenance domestic flights. The check-in process (take your pick: outdoors, at a kiosk, or the good old fashioned rep at the counter) and security screening are both nearly painless and so quick; and the agents are actually quite pleasant. The airport's manageable size means you'll rarely, if ever, find yourself sprinting to a gate to catch final boarding call. After navigating the vast labyrinth of Logan's many terminals and waiting one's turn in frustratingly long lines to remove shoes and place clear plastic bags in bins, this comes as a welcome reprieve. My one great wish for T.F. Green, and all airports, really, is to keep an option for food and drinks open past 10pm. I got back home this morning at 1:30am following back-to-back delays on a layover flight. As I trudged, zombie-like, along near-empty hallways toward the taxi stand, I would have killed for a little more than the mini packet of peanuts that I received courtesy Southwest Airlines. This was far from the first time I've arrived starving at an airport, only to see the metal gates pulled down over the entrances and counters of restaurants, coffee shops and smoothie stands. I'm not suggesting that Providence Oyster Bar become an all-night operation; but a humble kiosk selling fresh fruit and yogurt, or a 24-hour Dunkin' Donuts, would be so appreciated by all of those peckish souls whose best-laid plans are often laid to waste. Thank goodness for a well-stocked fridge and a short ride home.
<review# 834,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/31/2014,9/12/2014,28,340,1,6,4>Don't be fooled by the exterior, inside you'll find a clean, comfortable, stylish restaurant with excellent service and food that will make you wonder why you didn't stop by earlier. The wedge salad was delicious and the Portuguese pork tenderloin, littlenecks, shrimp, and potatoes was incredible and I had a good amount left for today's lunch. They don't take credit cards so make sure you bring cash, but they also have an ATM in case you need it.I don't know what else to say, other than we'll be back for sure. If it wasn't for Yelp I would have never thought to stop in. Yay!
<review# 835,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/6/2014,9/11/2014,39,100,3,5,5>As my other reviews probably indicate, I'm very happy to see local businesses opening up in Providence. But I'm also very honest with my reviews. And Den den earns five stars. I popped in once just to see what's up, and the staff was both friendly and welcoming. The newly renovated space was refreshing, and yet traditionally "Benefit" enough to make me feel at home. When I returned for dinner once, the service was prompt and the food was good. Sushi, for the price, is unbelievably meaty and fresh. I thought the bibimbap was a bit lackluster, though, but next time I'll add in some meat. The monkey balls were... well, chewy and delicious. Other diners and patrons around the café seemed to be happy, as well.I will certainly return soon to try their café menu.
<review# 836,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/21/2014,9/10/2014,34,46,3,5,4>I often get so caught up reviewing the awesome restaurants of Providence, I forget to give some love to the other businesses that deserve some great recognition. Noon has got to be one of the cutest boutiques I have come across. I stop here to get gifts for my mom and roommates for virtually any holiday or birthday. They have such unique yet beautifully crafted jewelry. i always walk out with a pair of earrings at the least! Most is gold plated but the prices are not outrageous in the least. They also have a huge selection of super cool soaps, candles, kitchen items, and cool "Rhody" gifts. The owner is almost always there and she is so friendly. I really enjoy giving this store my business and I hope you decide to as well. They are located right next to the Arcade, and they happen to occupy my favorite building in all of Providence. Happy Shopping!
<review# 837,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/1/2014,9/9/2014,74,362,3,3,4>I've driven by Seekonk for almost 10 years now, and I can't believe it's taken me this long to stop by this place. Granted it's only been open for 5 years, but I'm still allowed to kick myself for missing out on a good hole-in-the-wall sandwich shop. Unlike the large corporation, generic restaurants in Seekonk, Lemon and Oil Deli has a mom-n-pop vibe where the owner knows all of the patrons by their first name. The restaurant is fairly large and can fit a large group of customers, but it's not really a place I'd sit down and eat. The sandwich, at least the portabella chicken pannini was really well made, although if I were allowed to be more critical, I think a balsamic vinaigrette would have brought out the mushroom a lot more. That being said, I still really liked it.Overall, if you're sick and tired of eating the same generic food in Seekonk and you're looking for a fresh new place to satiate your appetite, give this shop a try. The price is great too!Food: 4 starsService: 4 starsAmbiance: 3 starsPrice: 4 stars
<review# 838,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/4/2014,9/8/2014,33,62,2,5,5>I really like the eddy but you need to plan your visit well. If it's a Friday night you better be there by 8:45 or expect to stand around the small bar and uncomfortably be in everyone's way (servers and patrons alike). That having been said, you hit the eddy at the right time and you're going to enjoy yourself. If you haven't been yet, sitting at the bar is a must. You can witness those crazy cocktails being crafted right before your very eyes and really get a feel for what this place has to offer, something for just about everyone. With a cocktail menu that stands out in the Providence bar scene, a decent selection of beer and wine (especially for a small bar), and munchies to please any palate it's no wonder why it so quickly became a favorite of so many locals.I highly recommend the bartender's choice for your first drink - you get a chance to fill whoever is behind the bar that evening in on what you like and what you don't and then, suddenly, the best drink you ever would have made yourself if you were skilled enough to do so appears in front of you. That paired with the soft pretzels and maple butter on the side is the perfect combination to start off any night.
<review# 839,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/30/2014,9/7/2014,9,40,6,4,3>This is the ideal beach for kids.  Or should I say... this is the beach you come to if you have kids.  Wheeler Beach (known to RIers as Sand Hill Cove) has all you could want from an ocean beach... without the breakers that will kill your kid. The cove and the multiple rock jetties allow the ocean waves to roll gently in, as your toddler splashes around in the warm, but seaweedy, sea foam.  It also boast a large beachfront of fine soft sand that adults as well as children love.  The bathrooms are clean, and they have a decent snack bar with "lemony ice" (not Del's) if you need to bribe your child.I love to  take my kid here... ahem... just to be perfectly clear... DON'T COME HERE IF YOU DON'T LIKE KIDS!  This place gets MOBBED with children occupying every possible square inch of sand, with random pails and shovels littering the tidal zone.  Boogie boards are everywhere with oblivious pre-teens ramming strangers at every turn.  It is not the beach to go to to find tranquility.... it is the beach you go to to allow you children to run around like maniacs so they will go to bed at 7pm!
<review# 840,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/22/2014,6/16/2014,37,150,3,8,3>I am going to preface this review with the fact that I have eaten pizza three times this week at various places in Rhode Island, and this was my favorite. I had the federal hill salad and the owner's favorite pizza (mushroom, goat cheese, and prosciutto). The crisp crust has great texture- thinnish and crispy throughout just they way I like it! They have so many options for toppings and specials that change daily. All of the pizzas sounded so good that it was hard to pick just one to try! They offer a lot of beers on tap too. With a hungry boyfriend and a 10 mile run before, we polished off a 16 inch pizza and half salad between the two of us, but I think the 16 incher could feed 3-4 people easily with sides. It was very quiet here on a Saturday afternoon and service was great. I would definitely return if I were in the area, but I'm not quite sure how often I'd make the trip here from Providence as Providence has a fair amount of good pizzerias. Regardless, worth it to come out and try!
<review# 841,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/3/2013,6/15/2014,20,51,2,4,2>Captain seaweeds is the crown jewel of foxpoint bars. It's cheap, local friendly, has a pool table, foosball table and jukebox! The patio is a kitschy delight with tiki decor, a patio and captain seaweed himself! As if you needed more enticement: Thursday night is lobster raffle night. Every drink you buy gets you one chance closer to a late night lobstah steam!
<review# 842,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/17/2014,6/14/2014,341,508,2,5,4>Although PJ's Cranston is located conveniently down the street from me... literally... PJ's Johnston boasts a much larger location than it's predecessor. In fact, if you plan on visiting a PJ's location on wing night and/or game day, you are far more likely to get a seat if you head to the more spacious Johnston location. I was able to quite easily snag a table (with a prior reservation, but still) on a Monday wing night which happened to coincide with a Pats game last season. That's probably unheard of at the Cranston location. I believe there were even some walk-ins that night that still got sat, so that's a plus for those of you who don't plan such things!The menu is the same as in Cranston (same awesome wings) as is the service level (solid). Parking isn't bad, but during really busy nights, you may need to park across the street or a bit further down from the bar itself. Psst, there are actually bathrooms at both ends of the bar--to the right there are two bathrooms (one each for ladies and gents) and to the far left there is a single unisex bathroom. Keep this in mind for minimizing wait time. Some people don't realize there's another bathroom hidden away there. Now you're in the know. You're welcome...
<review# 843,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/11/2014,6/13/2014,23,268,2,7,3>I've gone in for two appointments with Fanny for eyebrow waxing. I have very sensitive skin so typically when i get my brows waxed my forehead is pink for at least a day after. This is the first place I've gone which didn't leave my forehead red and inflamed for an extended period of time. It's a little bit more expensive than most places but you definitely get what you pay for. Not to mention you get a complimentary beverage with your service as well which definitely makes it that much more worth it. Give Fanny a try, she's great!
<review# 844,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/6/2014,6/12/2014,171,187,,9,4>The search for my best-all-around pizza in RI has come to an end. I believe I've found it, in the whole wheat crust pies served at The Big Cheese & Pub. This place has it all: easy access from the highway; ample off-street parking; phenomenal service; and an extensive menu that includes the aforementioned pizza, as well as yummy salads, sandwiches and almost twenty different calzones. (Any sandwich on the menu can also be served as a calzone.) We tucked into a booth here last weekend for dinner. Our server, Kim, was incredible. Upon hearing we were first-time guests, she pulled out all the stops, providing samples of the restaurant's deservedly-legendary homemade salad dressing (you can buy it here, to take home) and red sauce. The Mister is very particular about his red sauce: for him, it can make or break a meal. And he gave this red sauce, which achieves just the right balance of acidic and sweet, two enthusiastic thumbs up.  The meal started with a basket of the restaurant's homemade bread. Now normally, I hate to waste a good, hearty appetite on some white bread before a meal really gets rocking and rolling. But this is some tremendously good white bread and well worth a slice, or three. We split a tasty Greek salad, which, while technically only an accompaniment to the veal parmesan entrée, was large enough to be a meal on its own. The veal parmesan dinner was served on a bed of cheese ravioli from Venda. Then, we dug into the aforementioned pizza, and proclaimed that, after almost two years in Cranston, we'd finally met our perfect match. And you know what? It's just as good the next day, after sizzling for a few minutes in a frying pan. The atmosphere is warm, nostalgic, and welcoming. There's a bar area with a TV showing games, beside the main dining room, which fills up for dinner. The booth backs in the dining room pitch forward a little bit, which makes for a modicum of discomfort (maybe this was just our booth; I can't speak for more than that one at the moment). But the quality of the food and the kindness of your server will make you forget about the slightly odd, forward-tilted angle at which you're seated. It's all the better to face-plant into a plate of deliciousness, really.  After dinner, Kim talked us into lingering over cups of coffee (there's no dessert menu, but who wants dessert, after a feast like this?). She told us some more about the restaurant, which is owned and operated by a Greek family that operates on a time-honored and crucial principal: always put the customer first. This is something that definitely comes across here (when a place lacks this approach, it's also really noticeable). After one visit, we already feel like family: late to the party, but welcomed in with open arms.
<review# 845,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/17/2014,6/11/2014,68,356,2,3,3>Donuts! Crunchy old fashioned donuts too! It smells heavenly in here. I haven't tried anything except their donuts, but their other pastries looked great and they had all the typical Easter pastries (and Zeppoles!) when I went in this past weekend.
<review# 846,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/7/2014,6/10/2014,36,74,2,7,4>Love at first bite! Sweet indulgence is a cutesy, family-friendly bakery that hits a sweet spot. Best cupcakerie in RI! $2.75 a cupcake--grab the Nutella!Sweet Indulgence really encompasses  all the things I love about RI: fun with a cool, shabby chic feel and in the heart of cute Pawtuxet Village by the water.  It avoids being stuffy like Duck & Bunny (no hipsters and more room to sit down) and not corporate-feeling like Cupcake Charlies. My boyfriend and I just randomly popped in here during erands, and I am so happy we did! I ordered three cupcakes: Death by Chocolate, Vanilla Vanilla, and Nutella. Dear god, the buttercream frosting! AWESOME. I truly loved them all, but the coffee buttercream on the nutella is the greatest. My bf ordered the Frozen Hot Cocoa, and it was good..but not $6 good. Definitely not worth the money. I also bought a couple chocolate-covered pretzels, but the chocolate didn't really come through for me. Again, not worth the money. If I were a potential new customer, come for the cake and leave happy!
<review# 847,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/16/2014,6/9/2014,39,110,3,6,4>Om Kids Yoga in Hope Artiste Village is so much fun! We had a blast at Mommy and Baby yoga this morning! I found this yoga center by a quick google search online, and I was already impressed with their fabulous website: omkidsyogacenter.comI made a phone call and spoke with the owner and fabulous yoga instructor, Elyse Rotondo. I was interested in the Mommy and Baby yoga classes available, and she was so welcoming and friendly right off the bat. When I made it to the center (parking can be a little tricky, but Main Street and side street parking available, plus two small lots in front and to the side of the building are available), I immediately embraced this fun and relaxing space.The classes are reasonable in price, and very much worth it. My child had a great time with all the fun yoga poses, especially the dancing to fun music part. I felt I was able to get a mild to at times moderate workout (with some of the poses). During savasana, the instructor watched a couple of the little crawling babies, as my friend and I were able to fully relax and enjoy a full 3 and a half minutes of total relaxation. This may not seem like a lot - but it was heaven to this mom who is used to chasing after an active little almost toddler. At the end, hot tea is offered and you're able to stay as long as you'd like (there wasn't a class right after). The owner is so knowledgable about yoga, childcare, and keeping both parent and baby entertained, active, happy, and relaxed. I can't wait to go back!
<review# 848,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/3/2013,6/8/2014,20,65,,6,2>Delicious! I got the number 2 and had plenty of food. I would go back just to become friends with the owner. He was the nicest man I've ever had wait me at a breakfast place. I also loved that this establishment has been around since at least 1954 ( according to one picture hanging on the wall), which is just a testament to how good this place really is. They also had a variety of food options- a bacon wrapped, deep fried hot Dog for one or the meat lovers Omelet that had bacon, ham, linguisa, steak, and sausage! It's not fancy but if you're looking for a good breakfast with a hometown feel, Geneva diner is certainly the place.
<review# 849,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/30/2014,6/7/2014,28,340,5,3,2>Enjoyable experience and worth your time to try out. We arrived at 3:30pm for a late Sunday lunch/early dinner and was surprised at how small the place was, but we found out that they keep the doors to the main dining room (where the entertainment plays) closed until dinner. I really didn't have to mention that, but whatever. Upon entering we were told to sit wherever we wanted to so we chose one of the glass top tables that are part wooden pallet, part glass (neato). The menus do indeed come in history books and we ordered the same burger (Fossy Burger), but I decided to go crazy and order the double stack. So how was it? In a word, good! I could tell that the beef is fresh and not your typical Sysco-produced frozen patty, the buns are reallllllllly soft and hold the burger together well, and I'm pretty sure the fries are cooked in peanut oil ala Five Guys. Add a Lagunitas IPA to my meal, the nice darkish atmosphere, and I'll make a note to come back this summer. The only issue keeping it from five stars is that the burger was crying out for some salt or spice...I understand another reviewer saying that the burger was soft (because it was) but my opinion is that we eat so many frozen patties that when you experience fresh ground beef it just has a softer mouth feel. The owners should think about spicing up the patties as I needed to use a good amount of salt for the flavor to come out. If they improved on that they'd have a true winner.And oh, after hearing "The Sign" play on their sound system I was ready to tear my hair out, but then it played again...and again...and again...so I finally told our server to check their iPod and sure enough, it was set for repeat. Argh! I leave you with some of the lyrics to that song:I saw the sign and it opened up my eyes I saw the signLife is demanding without understandingI saw the sign and it opened up my eyes I saw the signNo one's gonna drag you up to get into the light where you belongBut where do you belongRepeat five times and you'll know how I felt!
<review# 850,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/28/2012,6/19/2012,11,128,3,7,4>Just got back home from the Grand Opening!  I had heard about the truck, even went so far as to put the number in my phone but had never tried it.  I was very excited to see that they were setting up shop right in my neighborhood! I went with my nephew Adam and my husband BrianAdam says:  "It was great!"Brian says:  "The place is Loco!"I say:  I loved it, I will definitely be back!  I tried the Green Monstah and it was delicious!  I can't wait to try something new next time I go.PS:  Thank you for the cupcakes!
<review# 851,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/13/2011,6/18/2012,55,257,,7,3>I dined at Tyler Point Grille last night with a few friends; one of us had a gift certificate.  I'd never even heard of the place and when the name of the restaurant came up, "grille" had me thinking it wasn't going to be as fancy as it was.  The restaurant is in a great spot on the water.  The service was impeccable and flawless; our waitress was friendly and prompt.  The decor is charming; warm and inviting.  I noticed some outdoor seating as well, which would be a pleasure to utilize in the warmer weather. We started off with a bottle of Oregon Pinot Noir, fried oysters and the bruschetta.  The dressing for the fried oysters was Thousand Island (ghetto dressing) but it was a nice compliment to the yummy, warm and soft oysters.  Our waitress kept the soft and crumbly bread coming all night long.  Prior to our entrees, we were served a nice sized fresh green salad.  One complaint on this; I ordered the blue cheese dressing and was surprised to see that it was an oil mixture with clumps of blue cheese mixed in; disappointing to say the least.  I'm a fan of the creamy blue cheese dressing. I ordered one of the specials; lobster tail over penne with a garlicky, mascarpone cheese sauce and sundried tomatoes.  One word: awesome.  It was so wonderfully yummy in my mouth I didn't want to stop eating it.  The lobster was cooked perfectly and left in the tail, garnished with a nice piece of fresh basil.  I have the leftovers for lunch today and my mouth is watering just writing this review.  We didn't even attempt to eat any dessert as we were stuffed, but judging by the quality of the food we ordered, I'm sure the dessert wouldn't have been a disappointment. Overall, Tyler Point Grille was a nice surprise for me and I'm glad I was able to dine here.  Would I go back?  Absolutely.
<review# 852,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/25/2012,6/17/2012,70,481,,4,4>Yes. LJ's. Finally.No frills, no pretensions, just good food and friendly service. Our table of five meat-eating dudes bellied up to brunch this morning with much success. I got the LJ Benedict, a beautiful dish sent to us by the gods themselves consisting of poached eggs, pulled pork, chipotle hollandaise and grilled corn bread and home fries. This was a fabulous dish: ample, but not huge to the point of vomitous-ness. The portion control was perfect. The benny was the perfect blend of flavor and texture: silky egg yolk, sweet, salty, spicy....and the pork. Oh my.  We also got a Bucket O' Bones for the table. Fabulous ribs with meat perfectly cooked. The smoke! The texture (not too soft, not too solid). The taste....oh man.Nice selection of craft beers ad really nice servers who were on the ball. The prices were steep in places (I balked a bit when I was choosing between the big bbq combo and the benny until I saw the $29 price tag on the combo. Too rich for this meat fan!) but very reasonable overall.Not for the faint of heart nor those expecting haute cuisine. But lovers of the 'Cue can't go wrong.
<review# 853,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/23/2011,6/16/2012,114,236,3,7,4>Stepping into the bustling Toni & Guy is an experience all its own. I kind of felt like I was in that scene of the Wizard of Oz when Dorothy and co. get their swerve on in the Emerald City salon. Much like the "merry old land of Oz," such a sense of PURPOSE! Students in small groups, in classes, styling clients and each other, crafting wild 'dos on mannequin heads, performing makeup jobs from the simple to the color wheel, the entire house occasionally exploding into applause for grads moving on.Yet I was completely relaxed taking it all in around me since my only job was to sit back, do nothing, get pampered.I felt totally safe with my cut in the competent hands my student stylist (the lovely Sarah V.) alongside the instructors who were present for planning and periodic check-ins. The process takes longer than at a regular salon, but I enjoy the "me time" of being in the chair so that was OK for me. When you call to set up an appointment, the receptionist will ask the usual: what services you need, a stylist preference, time - but bear in mind that you need to schedule an appt. before 1ish, depending on what you're getting done. And the prices - incomparably cheap to anything I've paid in any salon. Gotta love that.
<review# 854,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/5/2011,6/15/2012,39,79,1,3,2>I was told about Jacky's Galaxy by a friend just last week.  I love sushi so I thought I'd give it a shot since I had a friend visiting from Cali. The restaurant was absolutely beautiful and the service was great.  Our waiter Ethan was very attentive and continued to check on us throughout the night. The food was awesome and I was  a fan of the portions. Not too much, not too little.  My friend from Cali also special ordered a sushi roll not on the menu, they did not hesitate to make it and it came out great!It was a rainy night for us, but you could still see the amazing views.  I strongly suggest checking out Jacky's galaxy if your in the Providence area, you will not be sorry.
<review# 855,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/9/2012,6/14/2012,70,186,3,4,6>Feeling touristy and frugal?  Want to hang out by the water without getting your orange on?  Or just want to escape the hustle and bustle of downtown Providence (ha! jk)?I can't think of a more peaceful spot on the East Side to walk around on a sunny day (except maybe the nearby Butler Hospital grounds... but that would be related to psychotropic medications).  All of Providence's founding families seem to be buried here with relatively well-preserved 18th and 19th century headstones and (dare I say?) spacious plots.  Not exactly the vaults of Buenos Aires' Cementerio de la Recoleta, but enough obelisks and altars to satisfy one with a discerning marble tooth.My favorite part are the graves on the Eastern edge of the plot, which seem just about to fall off the cliff into the Seekonk River.  Creepiest grave: a statue of two children snuggling together for their eternal rest.  Gives a whole new meaning to the prayer "If I should die before I wake/ I pray the Lord my soul to take" and reminds me that not so long ago surviving childhood was a privilege not a guarantee.It can be a scavenger hunt to find H.P. Lovecraft or Ambrose Burnside's grave, but it's there are many gems along the way.  Obviously this is a cemetery not a boardwalk, so you have to be a little bit somber and respectful, i.e. no inappropriate workout gear or hot weiners plz.
<review# 856,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/13/2012,6/13/2012,20,37,4,3,2>Though I'm older than many of the trendy, tattooed denizens of this shadowy hipster lair, I'm qualified in spirit -- ink included. In short, I loved it. Deep burgundy walls and matte black ceiling are only slightly brightened by low, sparse lights. Slipping into the booth was like grabbing a dark, velvety throw and watching a scene from a movie unfold around you. The dimness creates a sense of comfort and removal from reality. You can eat, drink or talk like it's happening to someone else, meaning -- with abandon. Ask how I know. A soundtrack of great rock/ballads from past decades made for fun listening. Our server was low key but sweet, and didn't over do it with coming by every 2 minutes. She was right there when we needed her for ordering/re-ordering. The burgers are ridiculously inexpensive and very good, with crispy/tasty fries. I'd try some of the other items on the limited menu in the future. All were appropriate for a casual night out and a few laughs. After we left, an debate broke out as to how many rounds of excellent, inexpensive drinks we had this evening. I suspect the waitress undercharged us by one round, my pal says not so. Again, the magic of Lili Marlene's is that our good-natured repartee can continue until we return. Find the hidden-in-plain-sight door to Lili Marlene. Lose yourself in a shadowy corner. You'll come away wondering why speak-easies ever went out of style.
<review# 857,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/4/2011,6/12/2012,107,79,3,7,3>I went here last night for the first time with my girlfriend.  I must say I was a little surprised that no music was playing in a Mexican restaurant and the waiter seemed bemused by that as well, as he related that music is typically playing.  The place used to be an old breakfast joint but the new owners have truly turned it into a festive Mexican location, complete w/waiters who actually speak Mexican Spanish.  Our waiter was very friendly and personable.  The service was quick and the restaurant was moderately busy for 6ish or so.  We ordered a few Dos Equis and they came out within minutes.  Our appetizer was the Queso Fundido, which was delicious.  Once our waiter noticed we had used all of the tortillas he immediately brought us another crock.  I ordered the Carne Assada and was very satisfied, but I was able to try the Chile Colorado, and it was even better.  The prices were very reasonable and I had visited their website prior to departing and was able to print off a $5.00 coupon.  We will certainly return here again.
<review# 858,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/9/2012,6/11/2012,60,193,3,4,4>Order "Silpancho" with cheesy rice instead of white rice. It is AMAZING and is HUGE, I get it every time!!  I have designated this my favorite restaurant I have ever been to in my life. That is a big deal, enough said.
<review# 859,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/5/2011,6/10/2012,56,186,2,1,3>Oh my Amazing!I have hear the commercials for Marylou's for months now, but had not tried it until I realized there was one super close to my house. I stopped in and was overwhelmed (in a most excellent way) by all the choices (and the pink, you may want to wear sunglasses, it is so bright!).I went with the Chocolaty Coconut Almond one and it was the best coffee of my life! I have also tried the PB Madness one, which is also AWESOME.The girls that work here are super nice and adorable. Despite being 10 years older than them, they also call me "hun" or "sweetie", which I find funny.  They also do not mind when I change my order a few times because I cannot decide what new flavor to try.Stop what you are doing and go to your local Marylou's, you will not be disappointed!!!
<review# 860,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/1/2013,2/15/2013,40,210,2,2,2>Ah, the joys of renting in an old multi-unit building.  New England Pest Control has efficiently and successfully dealt with two different infestations in my building. Everyone I have dealt with has been very professional and helpful, and they are great at giving you advice on how (and where) to prevent new pests from getting in.
<review# 861,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/9/2013,2/14/2013,154,146,2,3,3>I went here with an old friend on what I would like to call a date. He chose the place and this was my first time here.  Well let me tell you... it was a good pick! It was a Wednesday night so it wasn't busy, but I noticed that the bar filled up later on.I have walked by this place at least a hundred times and never really thought about trying it and now I wish I had tried it sooner!    The outside is deceiving, but when you walk in, your eyes will be pleased. Beautiful decor, dim lights, white linens, and large windows around the entire spot which makes choosing a booth over a table the obvious choice. Our waiter was friendly, attentive, and we received our scorpion bowl for two and meals quickly.  I ordered the Shanghai Three (shrimp, chicken, and beef stir fry) The portions were generous, so we had plenty to bring home. I really enjoyed the music they had playing, it wasn't too loud, but loud enough you could enjoy it. It was all "feel good" music.  Music that instantly brings you back to a place and time.  I don't know about you, but when I hear "Pretty Young Thing" there is really nothing that can put me in a bad mood.  Mix that with some scorpion bowls and my head is swimming with delight!
<review# 862,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/14/2012,2/13/2013,1202,670,7,5,5>I had a horrendous experience at a bootleg boutique in Cambridge, MA, and Gregory's was actually my second choice stop. It really should have been my first stop. Reasons:1. Large selection of high end designer and vintage eye wear.2. The older man told me my custom frames order would come in about a week.  5 days later, he calls me to let me know my order arrived and was ready for trying on.3. The older lady is like a nosy grandma that has too many opinions, but she really cares and wants you to look good. even if you make a choice that she doesn't like, she keeps trying to "help" by bringing you other glasses even though you politely decline, and then kind of gives you a blank stare when you go against her opinion. If she peeled my grapes, she really WOULD be my grandma.4. After I placed my deposit on a Thursday, the older man told me that my glasses had a small chance of coming in the next day, and if not that Friday, then Monday. By 12pm the next day, he called me to tell me they came in. I was not charged a rush fee, this was standard service times.5. I ordered the thinnest lenses available, Zeiss because I see as well as a fruit bat. The lenses I received were really the thinnest lenses I've ever had in many years of buying so-called Zeiss lenses. Now I've been wondering if all these years I've been getting scammed by other opticians who swore they sold me Zeiss, because these are the first glasses I've ever had that don't leave a huge dent in my nose from the excess weight.6. The glasses + lenses actually came in at $150-$300 less than the other optical shops that stocked my frames (Oliver & Peoples).Next time, I'm just coming here. Maybe if I keep coming back they'll eventually throw in some peeled grapes w/ my order.
<review# 863,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/29/2012,2/12/2013,30,246,5,3,3>Great service! I have cranky, wide feet so I need to find good supportive sneaks (as us old-timers call them!). The guy (sorry, don't remember his name) put me in a few pairs and had me walk the track to try them out. Turned out I had to special order some New Balance ones - remember - stupid cranky feet! After a bit of a delay (RR was great about keeping me updated), my comfy shoes arrived and my feet are much less cranky! Will I run a marathon? Hells no! But my feet don't scream at me and that is a WIN! thanks Rhode Runner :-)
<review# 864,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/26/2012,2/11/2013,37,199,,5,2>I recently took my family to dine at the Crows Nest for a small celebration.  I made a reservation since I have heard they typically have a wait.   I reccommend making a reservation since the restaurant was very full with quite a line by the time we were finished dining.  The decor is an old New England charming.  The floors are crooked and the dining room has a fireplace with round tables overlooking the water.  There are smaller rooms with tables as well.  We were seated right away on our arrival.  Our food was very good I had one of the seafood specials which was perfect.  Overall our service was OK, we did have to ask a couple of times for things, but we did eventually get what we needed.  They did make some substitutions without any issues, which is always greatly appreciated.   Overall the food was excellent and the price was very reasonable.  I will definately go back and would reccommend the Crow's Nest.
<review# 865,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/31/2012,2/10/2013,151,439,2,3,2>By far the best Prix Fixe menu/service/ambiance I have experienced in Rhode Island.  Mill's Tavern is a lovely rustic-chic spot (high ceilings, flickering candles, an open kitchen).  The first visuals that caught my eye: raw bar with decorative oyster shell motif, romantic tables in the window along No.Main, GIANT booth at the entrance looks like the perfect family table.  The host took our coats and showed us to our table - magic awaits!Both my dinner date and I 100% support investment in the Prixe Fix menu (30$ for three courses of perfection proportions); my choices three:1) Artisanal Baby Greens in Chilean Black Cherry Vinaigrette with Moody Blue Cheese and Toasted Pistachios :: perfect small salad, lightly dressed, delicious cheese.2) Cider Braised Rabbit Stew with wood Roasted Root Vegetables  ::  something about rebounding from the flu makes me crave meat, so I broke free of my veggie traditions and indulged and HOLY SMOKES - - - if I could eat this stew every day of the winter I would!  Savory and delights the tastebuds along with the soul.3) Portuguese Bread Pudding with Madeira Caramel, Currants and Chantilly Cream  ::  ....of COURSE I chose the bread pudding!  Prepared at time of order, sweet, smooth, and making my mouth water while writing this review!My "Honey Crisp Cider" martini was a little over-priced ($12), a bit sticky (honey ginger snap rim was dripping from the glass), and didn't match my palette for the evening.  That being said: the cocktail list offers many temptations (Hendrick's Basil Gimlet....why didn't I choose YOU?!), and complimentary moscatto was presented upon the completion of our meal.  You will be presented with H20 options, which I'm not accustomed to; FYI: if you go with sparkling water, you're ACTUALLY buying a 6$ bottle of San Pellegrino.I was a bit embarrassed to have shown up in jeans (even "nice" jeans), however we were not the only persons to have made this possible fashion faux-pas.  Our server was wonderfully professional and kind and I must admit to being impressed by the table service (the man brought me my soup spoon on a platter...classay).  Our evening was superb - highly recommended for delicious double daters!  A tip: *reservations can be made online, *complimentary vallet parking, *....dress up for Pete's sake.
<review# 866,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/27/2012,2/9/2013,83,170,2,7,4>So, I'm a total novice to the world of yoga and I wanted to wait until I'd had a few classes to accurately review the studio. I came for the first time for a private Yelp class, and was able to experience many of the teachers' styles. I was so impressed by the experience that I bought the new student, all-you-can-yoga-in-a-month package. I've taken several classes now, and I am as impressed by WSPY as much as I was after that first class. Yoga is HARD, people. It looks so pretty on TV, but danggit, it's HARD! I have so much respect for others in the classes who do it well, because I'm still that awkward kid falling out of half of the poses. The teachers are super kind, compassionate, and respectful. As someone who's been more of a competitive athlete than a yogi, I love the noncompetitive nature of the classes. Can't do a full triangle--no worries, use a block. Use two! It's YOUR practice. I don't have much to compare this studio to, and I've never done any kind of yoga, much less hot power yoga, but the studio is clean and well maintained, and I feel very supported by the staff. I leave every class feeling like I've had a massage AND a workout. Lord KNOWS a tennis match doesn't do THAT for you. I'm so very pleased by the experiences, and I think it's something I will continue. Thanks,
<review# 867,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/17/2013,2/8/2013,34,295,2,8,4>I just randomly stopped in after driving by today.  Best Italian grinder ever.There were 4 people in front of me so I thought I'd have some time to read the large sandwich menu on the wall.  The line was lightning quick so next thing you know it's time for me to order.  There were tons of sandwiches with Italian cold cuts so I just asked if they have a regular old Italian grinder.  He said #16 is the closest so that's what I went with.  He asked if I wanted their house made salsa verde on it.  It is a blend of: Mayo, Extra Virgin Olive Oil, Parsley, Capers, Onions, Garlic, White Balsamic Vinegar and a few Anchovies.  GET IT.  It's the bomb!I was planning on eating half for lunch and saving the rest for after the gym.  I housed that thing in minutes flat.  I wish I had another one.My sandwich was ready in like two minutes so I wasn't in there for long.  They had a lot of grocery type items, a huge meat case and prepared foods.  Staff were all super friendly and helpful.  I can't wait to go back.
<review# 868,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/1/2012,2/7/2013,44,75,2,2,3>I cannot believe I haven't reviewed this place yet... what am I stupid.  Sorry, gonna have to go off on a little tangent here.. I used to be in the pizza business.. and fancy myself a sort of pizza (and wing) connoisseur. And when I want really good pizza.. like I'm not being lazy and ordering delivery..I make it myself.  Well that has all changed now my friend.  Now when I want "GOOD" pizza and "GOD DAMN AMAZING" wings I head down to Providence Coal Fire.  I mean.. seriously.. take a lead pipe.. roll it in some glue.. and stick on a  hole mouth full of lip smacking flavor.. and hit me in the taste buds.. for real.The food.New favorite food... has got to be coal fired wings with sea salt, onion and rosemary.  They were out of this freaking world.  Salty, and smokey and crispy.  They we're like the tiniest little perfectly oven roasted chicken, with crispy skin, and amazing herby flavor.  Next came the pizza.. again.. perfect.  The crust was light and crispy around the edges, the way that can only be achieved from the super high heat of a coal oven.  Toppings we're all top notch, from my favorite pepperoni, to the oyster mushrooms, to the house made sausage, to "the beautiful" tomato sauce, as my girlfriend proclaimed, on the margerhita pizza.  It was fresh, and light and just a little sweet, such a good compliment to the wheat crust and fresh basil.All in all, great food, great drinks.. and awesome decor.. the whole vibe of the place is really warm and clean and inviting..  I will be back, and so should you.
<review# 869,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/26/2012,2/6/2013,37,89,6,8,4>Spikes is consistently great, save for the one time they almost gave me a beef frank, but I forgive them. I used to frequent the Spikes around the block from me in Cranston until it closed for awhile because it exploded or caught on fire or something. One day during its closing, I was determined to have a veggie dog on my lunch break, and I drove the 20 min to this location. The Branch Ave location does not disappoint.I always get the German Shepard out of habit. It comes with Spike's Mustard and sauerkraut. The roll is bulky and chewy. If you put condiments on it, the roll won't get soggy enough to fall apart like a roll from Sunbeam. The veggie dogs are good sized and taste great. The Spike's mustard has a slight kick to it, and I often opt for regular mustard. Sauerkraut is good, but I don't really know anything about what makes a sauerkraut good or bad. Pickled anything is good to me. The curly fries are fun to play with. Boing boing!
<review# 870,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/25/2014,9/26/2014,27,115,2,5,5>Not too shabby! The Asian Pulled pork sandwich I grabbed was oozing with delightful sauce. The downside to the sandwich was the roll it sat upon. It was simply too flimsy for the mound of meat and sauce that was put onto it.  It left a horrible mess on my shirt as I was eating it. I love how they have unsweetened ice tea up for the taking if you order a tea, and the hibiscus lemonade was really good too-- ( I technically wasn't supposed to have, but I tried it anyway. Honor system? pfftt... ) My only complaint about this place was that when you order a sandwich it comes with the option of carrot sticks or chips. They don't however ask you what you want, instead if you don't say something to them they automatically assume you want chips. Now, why would I want potato chips when my sandwich is too heavy as is? Oh well. The girl working the register seemed to try her hardest not to smile.  Least the food was good, and the girl who brought it out to me was pleasant.
<review# 871,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/7/2014,9/25/2014,27,105,3,3,4>SO impressed with Mill's Tavern!I set out to New Rivers with a couple friends on Monday night, but they were already closed and my friend suggested we go to Mill's instead. I wasn't very keen, as the name 'Tavern' suggested greasy fish and chips and burgers, but I was pleasantly surprised by what a great dining experience I had.I went for the prix fixe dinner for $29.95. I got a salad, atlantic swordfish, and a chocolate cake as part of my 3-course meal. Each course was better than the last. I have very high standards when it comes to lava cakes and this was a winner! Also, they brought out a nice basket of bread and some freshly whipped butter for us to much on while we perused the menu, which was great because I get irrationally angry if I'm not given free bread (I know, I know!).The place itself is spacious and the service impeccable. My friends had some great pinot noir and gnocchi. They were also able to accommodate my vegan friend and make her a risotto.
<review# 872,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/26/2014,9/24/2014,65,138,2,6,2>Thank you Yelp for finding me my new "best in RI" pizza place.  I am a picky pizza person, even though I love it, and my frantic search for a new place one night led me to Napolitano's.  The reviews just sounded to good to be true, so we gave it a whirl and we are glad we did!The location couldn't be better, as its 5 mins away, and the pizza was everything I was dreaming of  Large slices of cheesy, pepperoni heaven.  The crust was perfect, not overwhelming - crust was perfect.  The cheese blend is amazing as well as the pepperoni.  The large was great for the 2 of us and gave us leftovers for the next day.we've been back once more, to pick up pizza by the slice - another plus!We want to try the garlic knots and look forward to naming Napolitano's our new pizza joint!
<review# 873,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/12/2014,9/23/2014,53,195,4,4,3>Brown sugar milk tea,half sugar with boba - mycurrent addiction.SnoTea Caffe's bubble tea is wonderful - and I have been there almost daily since my first entrance into the establishment last week.  The boba are, as other Yelpers have said, LEGIT - you won't be seeking out other bubble tea in New England once you've had this.  My husband and I ended a date night playing Quiddler and eating Taro Snow Ice. We liked the Snow Ice, although a small is quite large and not really healthier than going over to Ben and Jerry's.  That taro root flavor was exactly what we had been craving.I really want SnoTea to succeed; I think once the fall semester rolls around it will be a favorite hangout for much of the Brown Community.  The staff are very friendly and want people to hang around.  In my book, SnoTea is a very welcome addition to Thayer.
<review# 874,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/19/2014,9/22/2014,13,34,1,5,2>The entire experience was absolutely terrific. We each had the 4 course selection with wine pairing, each course was better than the last.I started with the raw bass and she had the steak tartare.  The tartare was served was the favorite but the bass was amazing too.  For the second course I chose the roasted carrot with quahog, which was wonderfully fresh and masterfully prepared.For my main dish I had the lamb, which was one of the best lamb preparations I've ever enjoyed.  She had the Pt. Judith catch with squid, and I felt bad thinking, "she's going to be disappointed by her choice when she tastes this lamb".  Imagine my surprise when I tasted HERS and came to understand that it was equally (if not more) delicious than the lamb!Finally, all Rhode Islanders should have the johnny cake dessert (simply sublime).  She had the peanut butter custard which was just as lovely!Everything was out of this world!! Loved the casual atmosphere, the service was top notch... personal... you'd think that you're the only person in the place unless you look up and realize that you're sitting around a service bar with 14 other diners. One of the best experiences I've had in PVD... and that's saying something! Cheers to birch!
<review# 875,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/17/2014,9/21/2014,31,77,4,5,2>Ok folks,  confession time. I like to stay in shape and almost always try to eat healthy. ..but every once in a  while...when the craving hits...I'll murder a pile of fried chicken.First time I drove to Royal Fried Chicken, I wasn't sure I was gonna get out of the car. Let's just say I didn't "fit in" with the locals..but not to worry, the neighborhood improved significantly as I got closer. its just a block away from the famous Stanley Burgers and everything was cool once I pulled in..Also, theres plenty of parking near the door.The chicken is just fantastic. .cooked perfectly and just the right amount of spice...if I had to compare it to a chain, it would closely resemble Popeyes..with its touch of heat.Also, the prices are so low, its shocking. I think I got a 12 piece thighs, drums and breast for around 9 bucks.
<review# 876,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/22/2014,9/20/2014,55,257,5,5,5>I've been hearing about Fortune House for years from co-workers who ranted and raved about the place.  I'm was never really the type to go out to eat at restaurants on my lunch break until recently when I started working on a project with new peers who go out for lunch all the time. Today, I ventured out for a lovely lunch with my boss and she suggested Fortune House.  We arrived at 12:45'ish and it was busy but we were able to grab a small table.  It definitely felt like a lot of corporate folk were dining there and then I immediately notice several other co-workers at a table next to the door. I was totally impressed with the atmosphere; it's small, yes, but it packs a punch.  It's extremely cozy and welcoming.  The waitstaff were attentive and quick to get us seated, our food served and out the door knowing we had to get back to work; but I didn't feel rushed.They have a great size menu, a little for everyone.  It's your typical Chinese-American cuisine but it's cooked wonderfully and with a light touch.  They served us fried noodles and duck sauce as an appetizer.  I ordered shrimp & broccoli and my boss ordered chicken chow mein; it was delicous!  The prawns were large and juicy and the the broccoli was bright green, fresh and had a nice crunch.  We both ordered off of the lunch menu and the portions were just right.  I hardly ever finish a plate of food, but I did today and I didn't feel like a cow. The bill came to a whopping $17 and it was worth every inexpensive penny. I will most definitely be going back to Fortune House to try out a good number of their dishes!  Yum yum yum.
<review# 877,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/22/2014,9/19/2014,53,70,4,5,5>So I love this place.  The space itself is huge.  So many establishments in the pvd and nearby feel small and cramped.  This is the opposite while still feeling cozy. There's an ample bar area, plenty of seating, and a nice counter area to peruse their baked goods.  I've had takeout lunch and dined in once.  I was so intrigued by my takeout that the very next day I went for dinner.  Had some great cocktails, a really awesome burger with waffle fries and homemade BBQ sauce.  Every morsel was delicious.  The service was friendly, efficient, and helpful. Get over there!   You'll probably see me.
<review# 878,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/5/2014,9/18/2014,341,508,3,3,4>The staff is super friendly here and they have llamas and a donkey you can pet, haha! So much more than fruits and veggies. We recently went strawberry picking here and it was a lot of fun with my nephew and there were lots of beautiful, fresh, LOCAL strawberries plump and perfect for picking. I would definitely return to pick strawberries in the future, and any other fruits they have available for picking (I think they do other berries as well). It's conveniently located for me, being a Cranston girl and all, so I'm not sure I see any reason to venture further from Salisbury Farm to do some berry picking.
<review# 879,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/19/2014,9/17/2014,23,42,4,3,3>This place is DELICIOUS. My friends took me here a year ago and I haven't written a review until now. I've been here at least 5 times now, and the food is consistently excellent. The ambience is casual, not too crowded, generally quiet. Service staff are so nice, although they can be short-staffed. I always end up getting the beef paballon and chicken salad arepa. One is slightly too little, but two gets me very stuffed. The accompanying sauces are what makes the meal in my opinion. The pink and green sauce combined are crave-worthy! The plantains are a great side too ;) oh and don't forget the sugar came Venezuelan drink on a hot summer day!
<review# 880,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/15/2014,10/16/2014,15,61,2,5,5>Can't believe no one has reviewed this joint yet!I LOVE ordering pizza from this place. They have some of the best crust in town, which is my favorite part of the pizza.They have really great vegetarian options including a plain cheese pizza that you can add things too, but I've also tried their other specialty pizzas which really hit the spot. They're never undercooked, never overcooked, and always incredibly tasty and hit the spot.On another note, mozzarella sticks are pretty generally the same stuff you get out of the freezer aisle, right? This place manages to do them just a little bit differently and it's weird that they're different. But it's, like, a good weird. They taste much better, they're even a little juicier. Not sure what they're doing different than everyone else, but I definitely appreciate it.My only quarrel with this place is that delivery seems to take a little bit of time. But all is forgiven for awesome pizza on game day.
<review# 881,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/7/2014,10/15/2014,14,82,4,5,3>I can't say enough about how much I enjoyed my meal at this place.. I hadn't had a really fantastic meal in a while, and this was one of those places where I felt like my meal was worth every penny and I wanted to lick my plate before they took it away! I had the crispy pork belly appetizer - SO good!! I ate every single bite. The beans and mustard underneath the pork belly had magical bacon bites in it!! FYI. I love bacon, they are the key to my heart. For dinner I had the short rib and mushroom ragout - and I COULD EAT THIS EVERYDAY. I am not kidding. The short rib melted in my mouth, and the house made ricotta gnocchi was fantastic. I wanted to lick the plate, and was sad when my meal was gone. Until I realized there would be dessert.... And I tried their chicken and waffles! YUM. It wasn't a weird chicken and waffles, it was delicious savory chicken and waffles... Add in the fact that they have a nice beer selection, a really nicely decorated space, and friendly waitstaff - this place deserves all five stars! Can't wait to go back for more!!
<review# 882,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/7/2014,10/14/2014,226,1170,3,5,6>What an Italian grinder should be! Now it takes something special to make a sub worth going out of the way for. Many are ok but forgettable. The bread and fillings have to be very fresh and have good balance. This small sub had to be 9 inches and was only $5.25. really. In a world where sandwich prices are climbing to $8-10, this is awesome. Small place with parking, friendly enough staff. I would definitely go back
<review# 883,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/19/2014,10/13/2014,5,37,3,3,4>North is probably my favorite restaurant in Providence. It's the perfect place to go get a relatively inexpensive and filling meal (go for the hot flavor sesame noodles, or perhaps the dan dan), or to really splurge with several plates, or to go with a big party (get the chicken feast, or any other feast special you may see). On my most recent visits, I've been thrilled with the bass crudo with husk cherries (never has a husk cherry tasted so go!), and the beef heart with potatoes (so tender, flavorful, and amazing). I always get the tiny ham biscuits and am also a fan of the oysters (raw and hidden).A part of me wishes it were a little bigger, so that I could go more often, but part of its charm is its intimacy.
<review# 884,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/4/2014,10/12/2014,20,40,4,2,3>I will always have a soft spot for Doherty's East Ave. Pub in scenic Pawtucket. However, were Doherty's in Pawtucket to fall into a sinkhole  or something, I would have no problem shedding my tears at Doherty's Ale House in Warwick over a pint or 5. The beer selection is on par with it's sister in the Bucket (although limited bottled beer) and the menu, while it strives to be a bit more in the Grande cuisine style (read: not pub food), still has some solid selections. Trivia on Tuesday nights is a big draw. However, the one thing that keeps our merry band of idiots coming back is the waitstaff. The whole staff is knowledgeable about beer and friendly as can be. Also, if you're lucky enough, you may just wind up with Ashlee as your server--undeniably the greatest waitress/beer genius in the Providence area. Time and time again she's made a good trip to this place a great one and has been the deciding factor in the unending "Pawtucket or Warwick" debate. **=I apologize for the above sounding ass-kissy. I'd regret it more if any of it were false.
<review# 885,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/5/2014,10/11/2014,22,51,3,2,3>Julian's is incredibly popular to say the least. I'm a bit of a brunch junky, and I've had people recommend Julian's to me by the dozens. I finally went for brunch, and honestly I wasn't totally blown away. Maybe it was over hyped, or maybe they just make really mediocre French toast. That said, I've also been there for dinner, and although they can be a little pricier than average, they do have great food. Their alcohol selection is nice, as is their location. It is dark inside, but comfortably so. The service has also been consistently good the times I've been there.
<review# 886,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/5/2014,10/10/2014,52,94,4,3,5>They have chocolate amaretto ice cream.That is all you need to know.OK OK OK you probably want to know more, so I'll let you know.I have always been mystified by this wonderfully old school looking building, ever since in high school band we would take this exit off 195 to the recording studio in Warren.  It's worth the drive from the Providence area, because literally EVERYONE can find a soft serve flavor they like.I don't even normally like soft serve... but chocolate armaretto.  Chyeah.
<review# 887,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/2/2014,10/9/2014,53,149,4,7,6>Oh. My. Gosh.How I never stopped by this consignment shop before I will never know!! On my first visit I scored high-end clothing that were modern and trendy. I am in LOVE! The store was a far cry from the stale, old, dingy consignment shops I've ventured in before. Where the clothes are "vintage" but far from practical everyday wear. I walked in pleasantly surprised! The store was clean, organized, and fresh. Fresh as in: free from a lingering musty odor and/or harsh perfumes (a clear indication of covering up).I expected to browse through the clothing racks and find one or two (max) items that would be "cute." But I walked in loving everything I laid my hands on. Plus with the more than reasonable prices I couldn't resist! I walked in expecting to pay $10-20. But splurged with $68. Which sounds like a lot. But man, did I get alot!!Let me list my first (definitely not last) retail haul from Blackbirds:  * LOFT Modern Bootcut Dark Wash Jeans  * LOFT White Summer Capris  * Glossy Hunter Wedge Ankle-Length Rainboots   * A&F Pinstriped Buttondown shirt  * LOFT Black&White Striped Tank  * Black&White Pinstriped Gap BlouseWhere else can you get ALL OF THAT for $68?! I'm officially in love with this place, and will now join the long list of incoming regulars that stop by for a look see and a chat with the owner.This place is quite the gem. I almost fear letting others know about this awesome find!
<review# 888,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/12/2014,10/8/2014,20,64,2,5,4>Wandered into this little spot on a whim this weekend while on my way to Captain Seaweed's. A taco joint by my favorite bar is MUCH appreciated and Tallulah's delivers the good stuff. This is their soft opening and, I believe, their grand opening will be at the end of May so they're still working on all the particulars. I had a black bean taco and my beau got the carnitas and the barbacoa. I asked him (he who used to live in San Diego and is a self-proclaimed taco snob) which he liked better and he said definitely the barbacoa but also exclaimed that these were the best tacos he's had on the East Coast. I liked mine A LOT - it was a hearty portion of beans and everything tasted super fresh. Not sure what they put with the taco (radish? jicama?) but it was a nice touch and complemented the rest of the flavors really well. Also, the staff was VERY friendly, happy to chat, and the cook came out of the kitchen to ask us about the food, what we thought, suggestions, etc. My only gripe is that $4.25 for one taco felt a little steep. I guess this is thinking comparatively to Poco Loco -  the big yellow truck is much cheaper, tastes fresh too, and has more options for veggie folks. Will be curious to see how Tallulah's expands their menu after the soft opening though and, although the burritos are, like, almost $10, I'll probably be back. Can't turn down a good taco.
<review# 889,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/3/2014,10/7/2014,77,50,3,4,4>I've been here a few times over the years, both to eat and for night time entertainment.  The menu always has me drooling with tons of inventive dishes made exclusively from local ingredients.  It's a little on the pricey side for the portions you get, but I don't mind spending a few extra dollars to support local farms, fisheries, and other local businesses.When night gets long, this classy restaurant turns into one of the best parties downtown!  DJ's of all kinds turn the lower dinning room into lat night dance party, where you will find people from all age/social groups!  This is a great place to stop in for a drink and a good time.  We even made it a stop during our downtown bar crawl for my bachelorette party!
<review# 890,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/14/2011,9/24/2011,2,63,,4,3>OK, it's actually more like four stars, but the fifth one is for the new décor! Man, I can't believe what Tazza transformed into! Was Gordon Ramsey involved in this at all ?  I have been traveling overseas for the past two months and the last time I've been to Tazza it was a neighborhood-y downtown café with below average food and unappealing decoration that served booze at night with some hipster bands playing awful music in the background. I still can't believe what this place turned into a nice & hip downtown bar that you would see in London or NYC. I'm really proud of Tazza. We only had drinks, so I can't comment on the food. But my drink (St. Germain Spritzer) was really delicious and the service was quick and elegant, unlike what it used to be! I'm definitely coming back for more! Great job guys
<review# 891,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/24/2011,9/23/2011,165,268,3,4,1>Kick-ass grilled cheese.  There's something disturbingly presumptuous about charging ten bucks for grilled cheese, a culinary staple of the poor.  The poor have never tasted cheese like this.Went for a late Thursday lunch and easily found a table.  As it was my first time (so much for being a PVD foodie), ordered the namesake.  Arrived on perfectly toasted bread, with a layer of snooty cheese so good and so new to me that I didn't bother popping the top to identify the blend.  Salt level was perfect (Kraft American minus 2 degrees), bread with a delightfully crunchy tooth, and cheese melted such that it was soft, but not a mess.  A real win, and a must-try for newbies.Also tried the Yankee pot roast sandwich - also an excellent choice, but definitely lacking the tongue punch of the grilled cheese.  Of note, make sure to try "adult" sodas (with mature people levels of cane sugar) before the RI legislature decides to tax them at 1c/ounce.
<review# 892,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/24/2011,9/22/2011,84,176,1,8,8>Rhode Runner came highly recommended (thanks Rhody Yelpers!), and it did not disappoint. I am not generous with my five-star ratings, but this establishment earned one. The store is small, but it is a treasure chest of running riches. They carry the good stuff and only the good stuff. When I walked in, I was promptly greeted by a staff member, and we got right down to business: I desperately needed a new pair of sneakers. She instructed me to take off my shoes, roll up my pants and walk in a straight line. Not a DUI test, but rather a quick pronation test. I overpronate, which I suspected. She asked if I had any problems, and I mentioned getting chronic shin splints. Yup, my feet are screaming for a stable shoe, she told me. She measured my foot and brought out a pair of Brooks and a pair of Sauconys. She was spot on with the first pair, especially after she taught me the "runner's knot" to remedy my narrow heels slipping in the shoe. Never satisfied though, I wanted to try one more to be sure, so she brought a pair of New Balance. They fit like a sock (or a glove as people sometimes say), and I thought I had found the ones. She suggested putting the New Balance on one foot and the Brooks on the other for a jog on the treadmill. She video-taped me running to see which shoe performed better. The award-winning (Runner's World "Best Update") Brooks Adrenaline GTS 11 won. They kept my foot straight while my ankle clearly wobbled in the New Balance . At $100, I am totally happy with the value of my purchase (which is why I am scoring them in the moderate price range -- even though the prices are high, so is the quality, and they are what you would expect), and I'm overjoyed with my experience at Rhode Runner. I will definately be back in 500-600 miles for my next pair!
<review# 893,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/26/2011,9/21/2011,105,224,1,1,1>This mother and daughter team are excellent threaders. They take their time and actually listen to me when I tell them I don't want thin eyebrows. The prices are very reasonable - $16 if you have full growth and $12 if you go regularly.The only thing that's tough is that their hours are very limited. I go to the one at Impulse Hair Designs in Providence. On weekdays, they're only there until 2 or 3 (I can't remember), no evenings. I'm not sure what the hours are on Saturdays. You should definitely make an appointment because they're always full with the limited hours.
<review# 894,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/2/2011,9/20/2011,23,55,5,5,4>Just had some amazing take-out from this place and wanted to rave about it. I was introduced to the majesty that is Banh Mi in the strangest of places... Paris. Since then I have been trying to find a like dish, and think I have finally found it here. For those of you that have not yet had the pleasure, Banh Mi is a Vietnamese sandwich - on a french baguette. It includes your choice of beef, chicken, or pork, along with pickled vegetables. Don't judge it till you try it! My one gripe was that the bread may have been day-old... but I will definitely be getting this sandwich again.We also got a pho, and I am not a pho-expert, but it seemed pretty good. Tripe scares me, so we went with rare steak and brisket. For take out it was pretty decent.That brings me to my next point - the location. This was my first time at this establishment. I had found it after googling Banh Mi in Providence. The Broad Street address instantly brought violent images to my head, so I made the trek with my male counterpart and a fresh can of mace. The location isn't as scary as I had initially imagined, and there is a big, well-lit parking lot. The inside has a lot of room and there were a few full tables on a sunday night. For my next visit, I will probably eat at the restaurant - but make sure I leave my GPS and Ipod at home.
<review# 895,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/10/2011,9/19/2011,239,181,5,3,3>Ok. So I hear my gf say "let's do frozen yogurt!!" and the first thing that hits in a guys mind is "oh great, crappy wanna be soft serve ice cream." So we walk in and to my delight, you can serve yourself in huge bowls. Whaaaaat? Like a kid in a candy store, I stare at all the flavors. So I see the typical healthy flavors of tea and fruit sherbets. I am like ugh what a let down. Then I see the heavens open and an entire choir of angels singing (or that could have been the sweet techno music playing overhead). They have cake batter and cookies and cream flavors at the end of the line. Ooooh boy. I held my hand on the dispensing handle as long as I could. Then they have a plethora, yes a plethora of toppings. Then you get to the end of the line when you weigh the bowl much like if you were getting a salad. 49 cents per ounce. Not bad because with all the stuff i put in came out to 5 bucks. (shh I know we are pushing a pound on that Mr. Math Smarty Pants). Man was that delicious. This just opened on Thayer, so get in before it gets too popular (and it will).
<review# 896,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/31/2011,9/18/2011,55,257,,1,1>The Avery is strikingly beautiful; with its dimly lit interior, gorgeous carved wood walls, cut out backdrops of downtown Providence and naked women as the main decor and lush leather seating.  It's a sexy bar which makes it a great place for a first date.  The weekends will for sure fill up this tiny bar because everyone who knows of this place, loves it and will always come back... especially to support its owner!
<review# 897,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/16/2011,9/17/2011,193,262,,5,2>I came to Cook & Brown after reading great reviews and their award for top 20 restaurants in the country in Esquire (2010).I had an amazingly delightful time. They seated us right away, the service was impecable, and the food was amazing. The ambiance is classy, simple, and unpretentious. I took note of the ceiling which has very interesting curved wooden boards.I'm-a keep this short and sweet because words really can't describe C&B. It lives up to the hype that it gets! It's a must try, and I will definitely come back. :D
<review# 898,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/12/2011,9/16/2011,231,95,3,6,8>Riiiiiiiiiiiiiiiittttaaaaaaaa's!!!! It's almost like a battle cry. I've got to give credit to my friend Joe from Philly who brought me here for the first time my junior year in college and it has been a lavish love affair ever since. I love frozen custard. When I lived in Texas, these types of places were plentiful but it was definitely a pleasant surprise to find one here in Rhode Island. First and foremost, I want to point out that every time I go here, the people working are just so lovely. It's like they know just how happy their frozen custard makes me. They let you sample any of the flavors that they have and you can sample AS MUCH as you'd like. Jackpot. What I usually go with is the Gelati which is this frozen custard/water ice layered to perfection in a variety of cup sizes. The most recent time I visited though, I went with a thing called a Blendini. It was Cheesecake frozen custard with chocolate water ice blended with Oreo bits. I feel like the Blendini could kick the McFlurry's ass. This place is quite a drive from my house so it really has become a treat for me whenever I am in the Warwick area. Rita's is definitely worth a visit...or 10.
<review# 899,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/27/2011,9/15/2011,36,56,,5,2>Sweet Jesus. This was one of the best meals I have had in a very long time. I had the black bean burger with no cheese. The bread they typically make it on a bun that contains dairy, and without my asking she began to explain to me all the other options that I had. The lady behind the counter was extremely knowlegable and oh, so helpful. My black bean burger was absolutely heavenly, too. I thought that no blackbean burger could take the place of Julian's delectable concoction in my heart, but this was unbelievably flavorful and held together extraordinarily well. I usually have a mound of pieces of the patty on my plate, but I was able to eat the whole thing as a sandwich without making a hella mess. I was so impressed! And the salsa on the burger was HEAVENLY. Homemade, fresh, the perfect amount of spice. We sat on the porch, which had a gorgeous view of the water, and the most adorable little cafe tables. My latte wasn't half bad either =)They have this fantastic little program where you can bring in your fresh-homegrown produce into the cafe in exchange for credit with the restaurant. So great!! They also compost much of their waste. I am very rarely in Bristol, but you can bet your boots that I will be making the trip more often for regular appearances at the Beehive. Yum.
<review# 900,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/9/2012,9/30/2012,27,147,2,3,2>Great lunch spot. So great I went here two days in a row. My husband raved about this place since his co-workers order platters of  Fatulli's wraps and sandwiches for the office. His advice went something like this, "Get the chicken Thai wrap, it's good!" I didn't follow his suggestion on the first visit because when I walked in I saw their (almost half empty) large pot of freshly made tomato florentine soup. Since I looked at their menu online before I arrived knew Fatulli's had a soup and half sandwich deal that included a drink. I had my heart set on that tomato soup so I ordered a half chicken sandwich and tomato soup combo (box lunch). When I got to the register I was surprised to find out a giant delicious cookie was included with my box lunch. What a wonderful surprise! Normally I'd turn down a cookie, however, Cookie Monster was my 3rd great grandfather and I have a hard time staying away from my heritage. It's an instinctual thing... me like cookie. I looked over their rather large selection of cookie flavors in anticipation of it's deliciousness. They have the norms like chocolate chip, butterscotch, peanut butter... but it was the gingersnap cookie half dipped in white icing that I ultimately decided on.My sandwich choice was the only item that didn't stand out as awesome. The chicken sandwich which was displayed as having chicken and pesto mayo seemed more plain than I expected. I think, from the description, I was expecting a stronger pesto flavor with the sandwich and it was more of a plain grilled chicken sandwich. Not bad, but not what I was expecting.  Since I had such a great time on Tuesday I decided to return on Wednesday with a different friend. For that visit I ordered the Chicken Thai wrap that my husband suggested. I must agree with him that it is a delicious wrap, although I enjoyed the variety of the combo more than eating just the wrap by itself. In regards to the prices, I'd say the prices were pretty on par for a Rhode Island local business trying to support itself and make good food. There were 4-5 employees that I could see working during both days just in front, as well as anyone in the back, cleaning dishes and baking. Overall, I'm not surprised by their prices, as they're needed to support that amount of staff. Chain stores are cheaper but chain stores are chain stores. I'd rather eat local and pay a few extra bucks.
<review# 901,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/23/2012,9/29/2012,84,177,3,7,3>Smart! New! There is nothing else like Egg Roll cafe in the area. Located at the former Tim Horton's/former Chelos to go location is this little gem. Wrap delicious cravable foods in an egg roll wrap? Genius! The wraps were not greasy at all but instead crispy and fresh. You must have the crab Rangoon egg roll. Do it. Right now. Go. Nime chow was also good. This place also has bubble tea which I cannot wait to try! A perfect place for a quick meal or on the go snack. I feel the need to tell everyone to try Egg Roll Cafe before it becomes another out of business establishment for this locale.
<review# 902,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/25/2012,9/28/2012,47,156,6,2,1>Froyoworld has my heart.This place is a little bit ridiculous, a bit overpriced, and then give you such a giant container to put your froyo in that you always end up with more then you planned and it gets melty before you can scoop it into your gaping maw--but I have no beef with them.My strategy for this place has been to line the exterior of my cup with an assortment of flavors--fruits on one side, chocolate and richer flavors on the other. Then I choose neutral toppings which I heap into the middle section of the cup.  I realized recently, that this might be why I have a problem with my froyo is melting so quickly--be advised!I also have sleuthed out the lightest toppings and OD'ed on them.  Am I cheap, why yes I am, but when you have a deep and abiding love for froyo, you need to cut corners whenever possible.  The juice-filled bath beads (don't know their real name) are good, but to be used sparingly.What I love about froyoworld:--It's like walking into a discotheque filled with froyo--There's always a flavor I haven't tried--The undergrads who hang out there seem always jaded and slightly European (though it might just be the music that makes me think that)--You get your froyo, and then if you wander away from Thayer Street, you can always find an idyllicly-situated bench to sit on and contemplate how kick-ass froyo is
<review# 903,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/8/2012,9/27/2012,183,84,19,7,5>I'm a big chubby out of shape dude.  For some reason I can't get enough of this place, and they don't even serve pizza!  Every time i'm midway through the hour, I hurt.  I'm sweaty, and I can't believe I'm doing what I'm doing.  But afterwards I feel great.  After 3 months, I've noticed changes in my body, kinda like puberty.  I feel more more manly, my boobs are growing (or pecs, or whatever), and my core feels stronger. Also I think I kinda maybe have some biceps.  The trainers are all nice and supportive, and if you have an injury or weakness, the workouts are scaled to whatever you're capable of.  Come check it out!
<review# 904,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/16/2012,9/26/2012,26,150,2,2,2>This place was amazing! My Bff and I were so excited we stumbled upon this restaurant. As we were waiting to be seated a couple in front of us informed us that Tuesdays are half price entree's...And it just happened to be a Tuesday :)  First of all the wait staff were super friendly and as newbies to Indian cuisine they were very patient with us. We both shared the Lentil Chips and the Chicken Kabobs.  They were amazing and so tasty. Then for dinner we shared India's Biryani. I had never had lamb before but it was a great introduction to it. It was such a flavorful wonderful dish. Plus when the check came it was very afforadable. I can't wait to go back for their brunch, every one there was raving about it.
<review# 905,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/23/2012,9/25/2012,168,347,,3,5>One of the worst things about moving to a new city is having to replace go-to spots that you spend years cultivating. I was seriously mourning the loss of my around-the-corner Ethiopian cafe and my ability to acquire tikil gomen whenever my heart desired. To my great excitement, I have already found a new spot for awesome Ethiopian food. They have everything I was looking for from an Ethiopian menu, along with some delicious new dishes I'm excited to try. The serving sizes are super-generous and I love that the entrees are accompanied by small sides of salad - the ye'dinich salata, with potato and beets, was wonderful and refreshing. Service was attentive and quick, and they even deliver! I am a happy camper.
<review# 906,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/22/2012,9/24/2012,111,125,4,7,3>BEST BURGER I HAVE EVER HAD IN MY LIFE.I know you're probably thinking "Why did she get a burger at a fine dining restaurant in Newport?" Well, ease up on me! I'm a college student!My friends and I did the Wednesday burger deal which is $15 for either "the Tallulah" which the burger is dressed with bleu cheese dressing, arugula, red wine braised onion, aioli and accompanied with the best truffle french fries I've ever had in my life OR you can get "the Classic" which just comes with the regular American cheese, lettuce, tomato, etc.The deal also goes for $20 with beer or $24 with a red/white wine of the day. Awesome.Literally salivating when I saw other people's dishes coming out. I can't even explain the different tastes exploding in my mouth it was absolutely phenomenal. I tried to finish the whole thing but the serving size was huge and I thought if I ate anymore they'd have to roll me out of the restaurant.They only offer a few tables but the layout of the restaurant is cozy and intimate with some great artsy stuff placed randomly throughout the restaurant (They had a giant vase filled with wine corks and flowers and it was so simple but elegant!)Perfect service as well and they sent us off with their homemade chocolate caramel and ginger truffles. Mmmm!!
<review# 907,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/28/2012,9/23/2012,91,416,,3,3>I love this park.  It's one of those places where you can bring a picnic lunch, a book, and just relax.  It has the perfect mix of sun and shade, picnic tables, and benches, and boasts a great playground.  While it's not the prettiest or the largest park, and it doesn't have a lot of space for frisbee or the like (except the well used soccer fields at one end), it's a great little get away from the city. I need to give props to the city of Providence for the beautiful bridge that takes you there from right behind Wickenden.  India Point Park is also the official beginning of the East Bay Bike Path, and while the tunnel seems like a great entryway, as soon as you get out of the tunnel, it's a little confusing what to do next.  For those who want to know the deal, you need to bike around the hotel and take the small ramp up to the worst part of the bike path - crossing 195, but don't worry, after that it is all worth it.
<review# 908,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/18/2012,9/22/2012,73,433,,4,5>Love the Avon!As others mentioned, it's got an old school charm that can't be beat. The movie selection is way more educated than the local cineplex offerings and they have the movie-going basics like popcorn, candy, soda and even a variety of Nantucket Nectars juices, which I love.The Avon is the perfect theater to bring a first date or to catch an afternoon flick alone. Oh and the bathrooms are pretty great too in a retro sort of way.I do have to agree with others who complained about the seating comfort but I must say the smell is one of the things I love about coming to the Avon. Kind of like opening an old book, you either love it...or you gag.
<review# 909,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/18/2012,9/21/2012,72,146,3,3,3>Outdoor seating... Fresh baked breads... Homemade sandwiches... This is the "Diamond in the rough". The old Providence jewelry district is nothing to look at, but there are some signs of life.Olga's is the best place to grab a morning bite or eat lunch outside on the patio. Their sandwiches are served on their homemade breads and with the freshest ingredients. The Mayan Chicken Salad and turkey reuben (GRILLED RACHEL) top my favorites for lunch. On the weekends I come whether it's summer or winter, I love this place for brunch. My favorite dish is the 2 poached eggs over their grilled scallion-cheddar scone and Applewood smoked bacon. One time I ordered the dish and the other 3 people at the table followed suit and said I'll have what he said. Now they are all Olga fans too!
<review# 910,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/1/2011,4/26/2011,2,63,5,15,7>I'm one of those gays who stay away from 'the scene' as much as possible. Not because I'm against it or anything. I just don't like annoyingly loud clubs packed with 2000 Lady GaGa worshipping twinks. And, most of them have a cover charge which is super tacky. I just don't like clubs; gay or straight. But, occasionally I will give bars a try. So, on NYE, me and my friend were walking from AS220 (amazing place btw. Really bohemian) to the newly opened laid-back hip bar The Salon behind the City Hall. And, we saw people at The Stable having a blast! And, we wanted to give it a try. I heard only great things about it. I have to say, this really is a great place. Mostly a 30+ crowd who obviously came here to have a drink or two and cheer up for NYE with classy (and friendly, not annoyingly loud) drag queens. Bar tenders were SUPER QUICK serving drinks to a quite packed crowd. I was impressed. So, we stayed there for like 30 mins, then wanted to hit other places too. But, after checking out 2-3 bars in the area, no place had the vibe we wanted. So, we went back to The Stable! And, the friendly chubby guy at the entrance said "Honey, y'all are back ? Come on in!" :) If I have to go to a gay bar in the area again, I think I wouldn't go anywhere else.
<review# 911,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/14/2010,4/25/2011,27,99,3,5,2>Soooo Fun! And stress relieving!Went and did the $40 beginners package, which includes a lesson, a gun rental, 100 rounds, 2 targets, and an hour on the range. Adam was a delightful instructor, and very helpful. I feel he was slightly impressed with my gun knowledge (despite never having shot a gun). Zombie movies really teach you a lot, i'm telling you!Nice range, which is well ventilated, and has an automatic target that swings out as far as you'd like. I also managed to injure myself while reloading my magazine. Things have sharp edges! Turned around and there the guy was handing me a bandaid! He also assuaged my dumbass fears, its apparently the 3rd most common injury! Will definitely go back here! $20/hour for the range than you rent a gun from $7+ then buy some ammo and a couple targets and yr good to go! If you do go for the beginner lesson make sure to call ahead and make an appointment, no walk-ins allowed for the package!
<review# 912,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,6/6/2010,4/24/2011,6,46,2,11,1>Capable of greatness - often settles for "meh."The story behind Dewolf is great - old factory building on the water, classic New England fine dining w/ a head chef from India.  Many of the dishes have a interesting "twist" - which I like.  The execution of these dishes has varied significantly from visit to visit.  I think that might explain some of the more middling reviews here.Also, as someone how chooses to have a drink at the bar from time to time (nice change in atmosphere from the other local options - and they have a nice "craft beer" menu along w/ a decent wine list) I notice a regular turn over in staff.  Perhaps this lack of consistency explains some of the truly negative, "service" based reviews found here.If nothing else - stop by for a craft beer and the "Naan CheeseSteak" sandwich - its a masterpiece (of course I love sliced steak, horseradish & Naan bread - the combo is [slightly greasified] heaven.)  Also - the homemade potato chips served alongside should come w/ everything - they're that good.Could easily be a "must visit" - just needs to find more consistent footing night in and night out.One more thing: if you're passing on the sandwich and having an entree - order a side of the cauliflower.  That might sound weird (unless you love cauliflower) but its incredible.  Slightly breaded in chickpea flower and covered in a tangy bbq-inspired sauce.  It works as a side OR an appetizer.
<review# 913,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/27/2011,4/23/2011,564,104,7,13,8>Kumusta! I am writing this review on Yelp (the most 'awesomeness' site ever) to help my fellow Filipinos in Rhode Island area. As a Filipino, we belong to a micro subset of the local population; ironically that isn't the case to other cities in the US.  But I've search HIGH AND LOW to find something remotely close to Filipino food. Good luck finding a Filipino restaurant in the area... but I found a grocery store. Yay! Please note that this grocery store is not dedicating to only FilAm grocery; but provides a large Chinese and Filipino selection. I'm not gonna lie, I always pick up some Longaniza, Tocino, Lumpia and many others. I'm not much of a cook. So the stuff I get is pretty easy. I only wish they had some Three Horses Jasmine Rice. But maybe in the near future... someone will open a joint that similar to Isla Pilipina (yelp.com/biz/isla-pilipi)Cool things to know...- Credit limit is $20, anything smaller is cash only- Parking is in the back- They have two different entrances -- back and front- If you want to order a case, just ask the front desk/cashierSearch Tags: (yeah i'm lame, but i gotta help my fellow filipinos out there...- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - Philippines, Filipino, Pinoy, Pinay, FilAm, kumusta
<review# 914,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/24/2010,4/22/2011,242,444,3,3,4>Stanley's Hamburgers knows how to make a flavorful sandwich that satisfies the belly and greases the gears.  Having passed by this establishment on several occasions, it was about time I stepped through its doors.  After scouring the menu online, I walked in with high hopes for a grumbling tummy.Opting for takeout, I ordered a Double Bacon Cheeseburger.  A burger with entirely too many toppings for me to remember was added to the order along with a small french fry to share.  (This was after the host informed us that a large fry served 3-4 people as opposed to us 2.)  Service was quick. . . waited no longer than 10 minutes for our food to be bagged and served.  Fearing for grease stains on my jeans, I being the car passenger, held the bags in the air for the entire trip home.The burger was a pleasant surprise.  Very flavorful, the ingredients blended well giving it a unique yet enjoyable taste.  Definitely not your run-of-the-mill burger.  The convenience of fast food with a sit down restaurant quality.  The french fries were nothing to write home about,  the type you need to slather in ketchup to enjoy.The interior of the restaurant is very diner-esque with a futuristic spin to it.  The neon lighted menu signs boast not only hamburgers, but various other sandwiches and clubs, dinner plates, soups, salads, seafoods, sides, and desserts.  Parking is plentiful in the area whether it be on the road or in the free lot adjacent to the building.  Open until 2 am Thursday - Saturday!  Apparently my cultural ancestors knew how to serve up a mean hamburger.  Stanley, the Polish immigrant who's dream it was to make a flavorful, affordable burger back during the Great Depression set a standard that has been upheld in the years since its creation.  While I'm sure the prices have jumped since then ($16 for the two burgers and side of fries) it seems that the quality has remained.
<review# 915,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/15/2010,4/21/2011,26,126,,9,2>Wow! I went here with three friends in the middle of the afternoon last Saturday and we were all blown away! From the moment I walked in, I was impressed. The interior design is elaborate and interesting and feels very spacious. We opted for a hibachi table. Two of us, myself included, ordered hibachi while the other two ordered General Tso's chicken and pad thai. While both of those plates looked tasty and got thumbs up from my friends, the hibachi really stole the show. The Asian chef who came out to cook in front of us was personable, entertaining, and social. The meal started with a salad, which was very fresh and had a tasty dressing on it that I really wish I could find in stores. We were also given mushroom soup, which I was surprised to find I enjoyed since I rarely like mushrooms. Then came the main course. Between the two of us who ordered hibachi, we were splitting a steak order and a chicken order. The piece of steak that was brought out was huge, as were the chicken breasts. The meat alone would've cost half as much as the meal if I bought it at a grocery store. Anyway, the chef started out by making fried rice before cooking the meats and mixed vegetables, including an onion volcano. I usually don't care for onions either, but I cleaned my plate happily! All four of us were really impressed with Shogun. The vegetables were fresh and crunchy, the meats fresh and juicy, the service friendly, and the prices really fair. I'm hoping another friend of mine will agree to go with me this week so I can go back! Shogun is definitely one of my new go-to local restaurants!
<review# 916,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,2/28/2011,4/20/2011,10,63,3,4,2>3.5 stars.  Let me start off by saying the food and service at Cafe Longo is tremendous.  We walked in without a reservation on a busy Saturday night and were very politely told that we could be seated and to make ourselves comfortable.  I am used to going to busy places such as this and getting the "Oh.....you don't have a reservation? I see.....".  Not with Cafe Longo - very courteous from being to end.  Some of the best service I have ever had in a restaurant.  Now the food - just delicious.  I had the seafood risotto while my date had a chicken dish (I forgot exactly what she had).  My dish was spectacular with two lobster tails, large scallops and a very tasty risotto.  Why not five stars?  Sorry, but WAY too loud here.  Music is blaring from speakers.  Add to the fact that this place is very small with a bar full of loud drinkers sharing the same space as the main dining room... well, you get the idea.  My GF was literally 3 feet away from me and I had to shout to be heard.Also its a bit on the pricey side.  $24 for basic Italian dishes?  Sorry, just saying...
<review# 917,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/22/2010,4/19/2011,302,108,4,8,7>Sometimes, I just wanna hang out at a bah. Somewhere super chill, with good music and cheap beer where I can wear a hoodie and a hat pulled low over my face. For me, that place is Nick-A-Nee's. And there is so much to do: sit at the bar, sit at a table, play table shuffleboard or pool, or browse through the two jukeboxes and play 10 songs for a dollah. Nick-A-Nee's is a perfect contradiction in action: its dark and dingy decor says dive bar; but the collection of art on the walls, the live music, and the selection of in the juke box says culture lover. I really appreciate that I can listen to Joe Cocker and Nina Simone while quaffing an ice-cold bottle of crappy beer at this place. Best part: if you've enjoyed too much of Nick-A-Nee's plethora of fun offerings, you can top it off with something cheap, homey, and perfectly suited for your buzz. Just check out the chalkboard menu. (Or run across the street for the best wings in PVD at South Street!)The smoking area outside is also a perfect mismash of random furniture and decor fashioned from can tabs. Nothing fancy, for sure, but I like that a clear area exists for lounging and smoking so that I don't have to huddle around in a weird circle like at most bars. One more perk: if I had a dog, it would totally love Nick-A-Nee's too.
<review# 918,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/15/2011,4/18/2011,399,1574,4,9,3>I love Geoff's. LOVE. And this review is going to be almost as long as their menu.If you hate their prices (since when is $8 an absurd price for a sandwich anyway), then you'll want to come on a Tuesday, where you can get TWO sandwiches for like $8. With unlimited pickles. And those pickles are awesome.I admit, I've had a few sandwiches here that weren't my style, but I've had tons that were damn delicious. I'mma shout those out now, cause it's a big menu and everyone needs a cheat sheet.First tip: Always get the superlative roll. If you choose sandwich bread over the gigantic roll, then you're going to get a smaller sandwich.The Jen & Berry is off the hook. Crazy delicious. The cranberries, onions and mustard make this the best chicken salad sandwich around. This is my default choice when ordering from here.The Golden Arch is another delicious one. Think cheeseburger. I get this one a lot.The Wyatt is also pretty awesome. It's STUFFED with corned beef & pastrami. STUFFED. Those meats mooshed together with all that cheese and mustard makes it scrumptious. The Kevorkian is very, very hot. My boyfriend loves it, but even as a buffalo wing connoissuer, I cannot  handle it. SO MUCH HOT SAUCE.The Tame-Me-Amy is an awesome tuna melt. There's nothing too fancy about it, but it has bacon. BACON, I say. If you want a more normal tuna sandwich, but with some flavor and crunch, get the Lily.The Frigid Bitch takes a peculiar person to love it, and I LOVE it. Their turkey is awesome, so paired with the chive cream cheese and cucumbers.. yowza!The Sloppy Ho is another one I like, but wouldn't be my first choice. This bar-b-que sauce isn't your average sauce. It's a little sweet and almost bitter. Some people I go with LOVE this sandwich.The Embyonic Journey had me at "bacon". The egg salad is pretty good, though possibly under salted. This isn't Geoff's best sandwich, but if you love egg salad, this is an excellent take on it.I've eaten so many sandwiches here that I've forgotten a lot of them, but that these are the ones that stand out, both good and bad. I've also gotten regular ol' Bologna sandwiches here, which are nice and stuffed.During the daytime, the staff here is awesome, funny and super conversational. When you walk in the door, they say hello. When you're looking at the gigantic menu, they try to help you make a decision asking you what your favorite meats are, condiments, etc. If there's room to dine in, they'll ask you at least once (and probably more) how the food is, even though this is a counter-service type of place.In the evening, I'd say I have 80% good experience, but 20% really crappy experiences with one dude in particular who always seems overwhelmed when there's a crowd (there's always a crowd).I don't want to bash the service here though, because I have to say that part of the reason I come here (besides the tasty sandwiches) is because the staff is awesome, laid-back and always cracking jokes. They always seem to be having a good time.I actually think this place is pretty clean and DOESN'T need a decor update, like others mentioned. The place is pretty funky and unique, just like their sandwiches and their staff.Oh, and did I mention FREE PICKLES? They'll give you a pickle bag if you ask, and you can take home a jar's worth if you want. Please use the tongs!
<review# 919,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/13/2011,4/17/2011,94,272,9,15,8>There are few things I adore more than designer goods.  I'm boco for Burberry, totally coo-coo for Chanel, campy for Chloe, gaga for Gucci, the list goes on.  Unfortunately for poor 'lil me, my middle class wallet would rather spring for Mossimo than Miu Miu.  The outlets can be a temporary relief but there's something sketchy about driving an hour north for a poorly constructed Coach purse that looks like it was made for a toddler.  And while TJ Maxx/Marshall's & I are total BFF's, it's unlikely to walk out with Fendi or Prada (although, surprisingly, I did spy a small collection of Gucci scarves and bags last summer).  Consignment and thrift shops can also be fantastic resources however depending on the individual store fronts, they can also be a rip off trap.  I can't even begin to count the many, many times I've spied bootleg Louis Vuitton being passed off as the real deal at absorbent prices.  Obviously, this is especially frequent at local thrift shops where their "guarantee" is the equivalent to a glass case & screaming orange tag.  Thankfully for us fabulous ladies, Karma Couture exists.Nestled at the very end of East Greenwich's Main Street, Karma is a fashionista's oasis in this dessert of knock-offs and fakes.  A consignment shop specifically for the sale of lux and high end items, they have a nice collection of purses, cute accessories, jewelry, clothing and shoes at extremely affordable prices.  A Louis Vuitton shoulder bag for under $300?!  A Burberry bucket bag for under $200?!  Adorable kate spade wallet for around $45 bucks?!  Amazing.  While I unfortunately didn't have much time to browse, I found serious deals throughout the store that totally knocked my socks off.  If you're a shoe 'gal, definitely check out the special room they have in the back (I was practically salivating for the 2.5 seconds I popped in).The perks don't even end there.  One of the lovely shop ladies pointed out that they offer progressive discounts on the items: goods on the floor for over 30 days get a 20% discount, over 60 days, 35% and over 90 days, a whopping 50%.  Their consignment guidelines are also very fair and reasonable (I have quite a few items I plan on bringing by).  Most importantly, all items sold are authenticated so shoppers can feel secure and assured that they're not plopping done hard earned cash on a Canal Street replica.The store is small but clean and well organized.  I had no issues searching through their stock for that special little something.  To add, their staff was wonderful: one pet peeve that crawls under my skin to that point of no return are pushy or snobbish associates.  I've found during my many designer sales excursions in the past, that if I'm roughin' it with, you know, a single hair out of place or nail polish a chippin' I'm given the total cold shoulder (see: Burberry).  Judgment Day?  The T-1000's got nothin' on those chicks,  And man, was I "Pretty Womanin'" it today.  I've been sick for the past week with a terrible respiratory infection that's left me with a swollen face, rings around my eyes and the voice of an 86 year old chain smoker.  Regardless, the sales ladies were fantastic, knowledgeable and very friendly making the entire atmosphere welcoming and inviting despite my looking like a soulless zombie.I usually avoid these long winded reviews but the "wow-factor" was totally there from my very short but sweet visit.  Overall Charlie and I were completely pleased and I left with a smile on my face and an adorable Burberry change purse for practically a steal: sixty-eight bucks.  This cute lil store front is wholeheartedly recommended.
<review# 920,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/11/2012,3/30/2012,39,79,3,5,2>I have driven by Haruki I don't know how many times and I literally want to kick myself for not stopping in sooner! For a lover of sushi and asian cuisine, it was a mistake not eating here as soon as I moved into this area.  FINALLY went in the other night and was super impressed with the food and service, as well as the prices.  I recently got my husband into trying sushi and now whenever we go out where they serve it, he orders.  He is a very picky eater, and is hard to impress but Haruki is now on his top 5!!!
<review# 921,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/12/2012,3/29/2012,26,185,3,8,3>We were excited to try this place after reading the reviews.  We showed up at 5 pm on a Saturday thinking that we wouldn't need reservations that early.  We were wrong.  And the maitre'd wasn't shy in looking down at us with condescension dripping off the end of his nose and letting us know that Philistines without reservations were welcome to sit at the bar.  Hmmm, we could have done without the 'tude, which left us with a bit of a bad taste to start the evening, but hey, we're flexible.The bar, as other reviewers have noted, is beautiful, and once past the snotty host-man, the staff were polite and professional.  Other reviewers have noted an extensive drink list, but the bartender told us they didn't have one.  Ok, no biggie.  Anyway, drinks were ordered and arrived promptly and we ordered a baby clam pizza for an appetizer, while my wife had the small plate scallop entree and I had the gnocchi.  The pizza was fantastic and my wife enjoyed her scallops.  The gnocchi was okay, not the best I've had, but solid.  For dessert we had their version of an apple pie, which was pretty good.We definitely want to go back (this time with reservations to avoid the host-man's snootiness) to try other items on the menu and to see what the rest of the place looks like.  Even without reservations though, we'd go back for the bar.  We'll just make sure to get there early, because the bar was full by 5:30 and people were vulturing seats as people were leaving even that early.
<review# 922,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/3/2012,3/28/2012,60,80,2,4,1>Barbecue!  B-B-Q!  Yes, like the raving madman in A Street Care Named Desire, I am screaming the object of my obsession.  BBQ!Yes, I love Barbecue foods.  I am planning to buy a smoker when I finally move out of this apartment building (What is a fire escape for if not for a Weber BBQ?).  LJ's BBQ definitely satisfied my Pulled Pork needs.  Their Pulled Pork was good albeit a little fatty for my tastes.  The brisket was also good, but sliced too thin for my tastes.LJ's House BBQ Sauce is a more of a Liquidy Sauce than I am used to, but it had the appropriate level of spiciness.  Needless to say, I smothered my Pulled Pork in the house BBQ Sauce.Bottom Line: Good BBQ and I will be definitely frequenting LJ's BBQ.
<review# 923,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/10/2012,3/27/2012,22,72,2,2,2>I had driven by this place THOUSANDS of times, and it always seemed to be closed.  In fact, for a long time I thought it had gone out of business.  Turns out they just have crazy hours (AND crazy good food!)  I finally made it in for the first time last night, and I wasn't disappointed. from the '50's music on the JUKEBOX to the fantastic diner food, this place is great.   It is also within walking distance from my house!  I went against my better judgement and ordered fish and ships (I am a wicked fried seafood snob) and let me tell you, the fish was fresh and the batter crispy, absolutely perfect!  My girlfriend ordered the meatloaf, which was also fantastic.  The only issue that I have with the place is the hours, which like I said earlier can be a bit wacky so if you're coming from afar make sure you call ahead.
<review# 924,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/27/2011,3/26/2012,11,128,4,7,4>Easily the best veggie burger I've ever had. Garlic fries on the side with a slice of Mud pie for dessert... Yes please and thank you. Cozy and elegant inside.  The service was friendly and attentive. You will see me again Edgewood Cafe, and next time I'll bring some wine!PS:  I wish your hours of operation would expand.
<review# 925,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/9/2012,3/25/2012,57,152,,7,3>What a great addition to Warwick. The stretch along rt. 1 from the Cranston/Warwick border to West Shore rd. is a little lacking in finer dining, or non-rough places to grab a drink, so this is a welcome change. The interior is modern, but not sterile, we sat at the bar in comfort. Although the staff were super busy, they were personable and efficient. I found drink prices and quality to be excellent. Our rolls were on par with the best sushi places in Providence.  Looking forward to going back to try the Hibachi.
<review# 926,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/11/2011,3/24/2012,41,226,,4,2>I was so amazingly surprised by this little gem!We were invited to join some friends for dinner here last night as they had gotten a coupon from Groupon to try the restaurant. My fiance, who is on the picky side, was hesitant, but we gave it a try.The food was flavorful, the portions were HUGE, the prices were ridiculously low, and the staff was as friendly as they come. We had 4 entrees, an appetizer, 3 alcoholic beverages, and 2 desserts...grand total: $66. You can't beat it!!!
<review# 927,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/5/2012,3/23/2012,114,236,4,7,5>I won't blink at taking a layover in lieu of traveling out of Logan any day! As long as I can fly out of the beloved TF Green. This is as serene a setting as you will get with the stressful bitch that IS airline travel ordeals: online check-in, pre-flight transportation, "did I remember to turn the heat off/feed the cat/water the plants/pack underwear/?", documents-gathering, shoe-untying-belt-removing, 3-1-1 toiletry-packing, "damn, I have to pee!", water-bottle and reading-material readying. Manageably small, yet open and spacious, clean, carpeted, with particularly nice TSA people. Just enough shops and dining to get you what you need for a pre-flight meal/drink fix. BUT STAY AWAY from that horrifically slow and all-around-bad Johnny Rockets. Unless you like cold fries, dry buns, and being THAT GUY bringing the aroma of fried food on the plane because it took freaking forever to make. Screw up once, shame on you, screw up twice... Just a warning; I won't fault the airport for the burger joint's incompetence. When you can't get ride or the new MBTA train option isn't convenient to where you live, I recommend the TF Greene Short Term Lot D $10/day or $50/week with coupon from the website. Shuttles are constantly looping. It's the same price as the Pre Flight Airport Parking company's discount.
<review# 928,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/10/2011,3/22/2012,5,41,2,7,4>Located on the Umbrella Factory lot, this restaurant was previously home to The Spice of Life and Duke's, among other places. It's physically attached to Small Axe Products and adjacent to the path coming off the rear parking lot.I believe it opened in the winter of 2011 and I've gone in twice so far with my parents. The setting is very informal, and it's not totally clear whether you're supposed to sit down or order at the cash register, so let me tell you: ORDER AT THE CASH REGISTER! (edit: though it's possible this will change as time goes on...)When I was there, all the dishes were handmade, presumably from Small Axe next door, but I can't be certain. The juice cooler was stocked with interesting flavors and companies, a lot of stuff you can't find anywhere else.The first time I went, I had the jerked chicken and rice. The jerk seasoning was housemade with peppers from the owners' garden and absolutely delicious; just the right amount of heat.The second time I went, I had the Braised Stoney Hill Farm beef shortribs over a sunchoke and potato mash with roasted Brussels sprouts, which was downright awesome.The chef formerly worked at Up River Cafe in Westerly; he's got skills, and they seem to be making as much as they can in-house (no premade sauces, rubs, par-cooked items, et cetera).This place is a must when you're in Charlestown and I wish them all the luck.
<review# 929,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/29/2012,3/21/2012,261,199,4,12,3>I found the holy grail of thriftiness here folks.Great prices.Organized.Doesn't smell like grandma's house.What's the best part of estate services? let me count the ways:1. big parking lot2. SUPER organized by product + color3. great prices4. clean5. really nice staff + the owner Mike is super flexible with prices6. did I mention really really organized? 7. $1 clothing section8. they deliver furniture9. lots of china10. not organized by vendor-- so it isn't overwhelming. I found a COACH leather tote for $25 here---in GREAT condition!!! I died on the spot.I plan on going back over + over + over!If you like OCD thrifting at its best, this is your kinda place.
<review# 930,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/2/2010,2/7/2011,94,272,9,14,9>For all ye non-Rhode Islanders, a clam cake does not = a crab cake.  In fact, it shares very little in common with a crab cake, fritter or hush puppy other than consisting of dough and being deep fried.  Yo' typical lil' Rhody clam cake experience is usually a serving o' round, crispy balls of deep fried, clam flavoured, salty dough rolled with a few bits here and there of clam meat, wrapped in a grease soaked paper sleeve.  The magic is not in the clam bits, but the unique taste the clam juice gives the dough in preparation.  A clam cake does not necessarily need to be bustin' at the seams with clam meat.  Upon reading various reviews from fellow Yelpers, I get the distinct impression that those who fare from far & wide are expecting something more along the lines of a meaty, fried crab cake only made with clam.  Even Wikipedia's article is immensely misleading.  Trust me on this, folks.  Not the same.That said, I cannot praise this location enough.  I haven't stopped by the OKB in years now and the renovations they've made are rockin.'  I, of course, needed to order their fab fish and chips despite how sick I've been this week (strep is not so cool in the middle of a heat wave).  Good Lord I devoured that poor fishy.  Succulent, moist fillet that literally broke apart with barely one slice of my plastic knife: I felt like I was totally Captain o' the Sea with my mighty, disposable utensils.  The homemade slaw was a great touch, being all crispy and cool to the bite exactly how I love it.  As usual, the clam cakes were delicious.  Charlie & I love dippin' them in ketchup.. heavenly.  And of course, dough boys to munch while chillin' on the beach.  Love 'em to death even if one is larger than my head.We also got a cup of chowda each but unfortunately, I am not a fan of chowder (egads) and passed it along to my Dad.Lucky for us, Iggy's goes all e-mail overload with coupons bringing our grand total to about $21 bucks after tax.  For two fish and chip meals, two cups of chowder, six clam cakes, six dough boys and two sodas, the price is almost astonishing.  Not to mention the overall quality of the meal, I'm well familiar with other dining establishments that could easily have charged twice that amount.I rarely like to give five stars unless the joint totally wows me to death however I can find no reason to give anything less.  The airy, shabby shack appeal of the dining room, the melts-in-your-mouth fried fish, the delicious clam cakes, the oodles of e-mail coupons and the gorg view makes this a summer must.  Just remember, foodies and repeat after me: a clam cake is -not- a crab cake.  Keep that in mind and I promise you won't be disappointed.
<review# 931,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/2/2011,2/6/2011,51,144,1,2,1>I'm always surprised at how few people have rated this place. A couple of my friends introduced me to Wasabi last spring and now I come here at least once a week for takeout. Their sushi is the most consistent I've found in the area and it's definitely worth the short trip from Providence to Johnston. The fish is always fresh, expertly cut, and the service is top-notch. They are also very accommodating with substitutions in rolls. My favorite thing about Wasabi is that they offer brown rice for their nigiri or maki from Wednesday through Sunday. It's the only sushi spot in the area that I've seen do that and there's nothing I love more than some tasty maguro nigiri with made with brown rice. Give Wasabi a try, but don't tell too many people about it!
<review# 932,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/12/2010,2/5/2011,69,185,4,14,6>When customer service nearly died in the '80s, one of the saddest by-products of its untimely demise was that people had to start doing for themselves what had previously been done by knowledgeable and skilled salespeople.  Consequently, a generation later, we have a populace that regularly walks around in clothing, shoes, and undergarments that don't fit properly.  Ill-fitting clothing can make you look like a dork, but ill-fitting shoes and bras will actually affect your posture and throw your whole back out of whack if you're not careful.It certainly doesn't help matters that the evil empire of Victoria's Secret is actively trying to convince women that everyone should fit into sizes ranging from a 34B to a 36D.  Everyone else is just an aberration and should apparently force their body to conform to the clothing, instead of hoping to find clothes that actually fit their bodies.Happily, the proprietors at Ruth's don't think this way.  They have sizes that run the gamut from fourth-grader's training bra, to barely-there ballerina bod, to amply-endowed, plus-size, nursing, etc.  They also fit for mastectomy prosthetics.  Quality is first-rate, and they don't gouge you on prices.  They tend to have a range of products at various prices for each size, and their prices on particular products are similar or favorable compared to other locations.Customer service is old school, meaning they do anything they can to help you, and they realize that making you feel welcome is the best way to keep you coming back.  I have never had anything but the best of experiences and bought the best quality of merchandise from this store.
<review# 933,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,5/24/2010,2/4/2011,315,240,4,5,6>I was looking for a bite to eat before going into church and happily discovered this hot dog place. When you step inside, it looks like it hasn't changed since the 80s, but neither have the prices on their menu! Nothing (hot dogs, sandwiches, quahogs) was priced over $2.00-3.00 except for probably one or two select things. I picked up a Chorizo and Peppers sandwich for around $2.50. The bread was a little soggy but honestly, the price is good! My boyfriend's and my meals all together (2 chili dogs + Chorizo and Peppers sandwich + Vitamin Water + Honest Ade) cost $8.00 even. I'm not complaining! For some cheap eats, try coming out to this hot dog restaurant.
<review# 934,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/14/2010,2/3/2011,493,313,5,9,7>EXCELLENT for lunch.It is one of those small, off the beaten path, in a strip mall, if you don't know it you won't go there kind of place with really good food, very good service and a really good atmosphere. A bit on the pricey side for lunch but they do make a really good one. Yesterday got the Chicken Fancaise with a side salad (which was damn big in its own right) and a steak, mushroom, cheese, carmelized onion wrap (yeah, that was mine and it rocked). I love how they put everything in the wrap then grill it so it stays together.
<review# 935,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/21/2010,2/2/2011,114,236,1,5,3>Long time fan of the Fez! It's funky and dark and you can count on the food. Never had a fail of a meal;  the range for me has been amazing to, at worst, being just kinda good - but I don't really mind because I totally appreciate how they're always switching up the menu and trying new things without being annoyingly "creative". There's always the incredible mac and cheese with crispy buttery breadcrumbs to fall back on! Just had the most awesome fried bluefish with coleslaw and fries for restaurant week!The cocktails are expensive at 10/$12 but also really good and strong and also big in pint glasses, so just think of it as two. I feel like I'm always waiting forever to get into the single bathroom upstairs, but to stick to a problem with an easy fix - it is SO much more enjoyable when the uber-hip music isn't blaring and I can talk with the person across from me.
<review# 936,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/16/2010,2/1/2011,2102,948,5,10,6>Glorious. Glor-EEEEE-ous. Ok, so when we got here, we were told it would be an hour wait. AN HOUR. We were given one of those vibrating beeper things, and made our way to this ingenious little area on the patio that sells a selection wine by the glass or bottle, and beer. We purchased some Pinot Grigio, and plopped ourselves down on a nearby bench and watched the sunset over a Matunuck bay. Not bad. Not bad at all. The hour flew by during our sunset cocktail time. When we sat down, the frenzy began. A dozen local oysters on the halfshell, little necks, tuna ceviche and steamers... did I mention the calimari? Gorgeous. The food was so fresh and perfectly prepared I couldn't believe it. I've never tasted oysters like this (harvested hours before they were served and still holding brine from the sea) and I'm from Cape Cod, people. The waitress was warm and friendly and I could tell she was enjoying herself because when we ordered, she said 'ooooh yum' under her breath. She was attentive, even in the crazy-busy dinner hour. I will absolutely be coming back here for my oysters and little necks and everything else I ate. It's worth the hour wait, even on top of the 45-minute drive from Providence!
<review# 937,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/10/2010,1/31/2011,16,80,1,8,1>This small, cheap and tasty pizzeria is no stranger to my household. I order delivery from here atleast a few times a week if not every other week. I've tried just about half of their menu from the delicious Pizza, Burger Wrap, Pasta dinners, Fish and Chips, Seafood, Mac and Cheese Bites, Mozzarella Sticks, B.L.T, even their famous "PC Steak" wrap, but in the end, my favorite thing to order from them is definitely the Buffalo Chicken. I always ask for extra hot sause on the side because I'm a sucker for spice. Excellent people too, I always tip them. I'm not a PC student and I may not know about these "drunk nights" but what I do know is that Golden Crust really is home of the Buffalo Chicken! FIVE stars!
<review# 938,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/15/2011,1/29/2011,172,189,2,5,3>I've been searching for some authentic local cuisine and I think I've found my new favorite.  A car load of us drove down on a Friday night for some grub and brilliantly landed in the door at about 7:45 pm. 15 minutes before they close. Having been a waiter at one point in my starving arteest career I realized I had become the person who once made my life a living hell.  First off the gentleman behind the raw bar was extremely nice and gave one of my travel companions a crash course on stuffies.  We ordered our food at the counter and planted ourselves at a booth. The food came in about 10 to 15 minutes and was hot and amazing.  I got a hot stuffie as an appetizer and am now completely in love with this little creation. I really could have eaten 4 of them as a meal and been quite content. I ordered the Lobstah roll which was extremely fresh and had a ton of lobster on it and the mayo ratio was was perfect for me.  The side of slaw was also great and was a nice fresh palate cleanser.  For a drink I had a Lobster Ale which was great as well.  My companions got a cajun salmon dinner, fish and chips, NE clam chowda, and crab cakes.  The crab cakes were bar none the best I've ever had.  I can't wait to return for more stuffies and new treats. Well worth the drive from Providence.  We will return. Kudo's to the staff who was quite nice in leu of our late arrival.
<review# 939,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/11/2011,1/28/2011,80,93,4,7,3>The "market" part is LONG goneThe "original"owner was the best everThen there was a 2nd owner, who in my opinion sucked big donkey ballsAnd now there is a 3rd owner, and we have Meldgie's Rivers Edge Cafe.....Good food!Good prices!Staff that ROCKS!  For example, like, you don't have to ask for more coffee, they know the "regulars", and its BYOB!  Home made, home cooked from scratch kinda place!  The Grapenut pudding is NOT to be missed!  Breakfast & Lunch before 2 pmThey just started doing Friday Night dinners again, went this past Friday as part of my "date night" with the boy :)I had Fish & Chips...well, you actually get to pick your 2 sides..so it doesn't HAVE to be fries & cole slaw.  I love cole slaw...like A LOT!  So I had to get that :)  and a baked potato.  I was  surprised by the size of the 2 fresh pieces that were laid in front of me...nice piece of lemon, plenty of Tah-tah sauce.  The boy got kids pasta....perfect sized portion.  Rolls & 2 drinks, the bill was $16...I am not even kidding! Go, yes...now! NOTE: Sweenys Package Store shares the same parking lot, grab some beers & go get some good food!
<review# 940,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/3/2013,7/9/2013,37,66,2,9,4>The Village Tavern used to be called Bentley's Tavern. Just an FYI for anyone who is already a fan of Bentley's - this is the same place with the same chefs, the only real difference is a spruced up dining room, and by spruced up I mean added tablecloths. I was a little nervous at first when I saw the name change, I won't deny - it took me 3 visits since the name change to write this review... just to be sure.Feel free to check out the reviews of Bentley's, you will get more to read through. In the meantime - let me tell you, you will not go wrong when you come to this excellent little tavern. The food is superb, everything from the various sandwiches (Tuna Salad with Wasabi Aioli, Grilled Cheese with parma prosciutto, fresh basil and balsamic, or the wonderfully tender Tenderloin steak sandwich) the Burger - which is outstanding, and impresses me EVERY TIME, hand cut fries and excellent pickles. If you are looking to indulge a little beyond sandwiches, the entrees are fab too. I could list most of the menu here, because I have tried just about everything, and everything pleases. The standouts are their version of Chicken Marsala, served in a hearty marsala sauce over mashed potatoes, the excellent Crabcakes, and they also make one of the best steaks in the Providence area - I stand by that statement. It is a tavern, it is snug, and is usually full of locals sitting at the bar, and depending on how busy it is, you can wait few minutes for your food. But with the great beers on tap, and generous pours of wine, and the selection of books surrounding the seating area, you shouldn't get too impatient waiting for your food.Save room for dessert - baked by a local baker/magician. I rarely have room left over, but when I do - dessert is happily consumed.I could keep going, clearly I am a fan. Hopefully you will enjoy it too if you make the trek to Scituate!
<review# 941,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/9/2013,7/8/2013,203,87,1,7,2>Now that I live in this area and have ordered a few times. I'm hooked! Pizza has a nice sweet tomato sauce. Boneless chicken tenders are rocking, especially the garlic Parmesan flavor. And when I order they always ask if I want fries for 99 cents and the serving is huge & so good! They got a coating on it or maybe how it's fried that just doesn't taste like a regular bland fry. The menu is huge and even has desserts! I am officially a fan
<review# 942,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/25/2013,7/7/2013,92,185,,4,3>Great little place to stop in for a quick lunch if you're in the area!  It's a no frills counter service place where you can easily take your order to go, or find a spot at one of the tables in their decent sized dining area.  If you're dining in, you can even grab a beer to go along with your meal!The New England clam chowder here is awesome!  Thick and creamy style, which is just the way I like it!  The lobster rolls were also fantastic!  They were a good size, and they don't go too heavy on the mayo.  They also do an all-you-can-eat soup bar (NE clam chowder excluded), which looked good!  Perfect for a quick, inexpensive, hearty lunch on a chilly day!We will definitely be back!
<review# 943,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/11/2013,7/6/2013,25,41,2,2,3>It was my first time here last night with my fiancé and I loved it. Love the vibe, the decor, the lighting, and my cocktail! Great spot for date night or a chill night with some friends. The bar is very cool and I love that there are coat hangers under the bar counter! So cool! Many of the cocktails had ingredients I've never heard of. Fortunately, I love trying new things. I got the "Aviation cocktail" and it was delicious! My fiancé got the "Hanky Panky" which was strong and earthy. And "Lovecraft's Lament" was also a winner. Cannot wait to back!Only downside is it could easily be missed when trying to find it and parking can be a pain! I can't imagine how difficult it must be on weekends. If you're lucky, maybe you'll score a sweet spot right out front!
<review# 944,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,5/24/2013,7/5/2013,41,55,3,3,2>After the mayor commandeered the Wild Colonial, our work party migrated to Devilles, the closest place to continue imbibing.  I have to say, it took me a solid hour to realize that it is a lesbian hang out. I mean, I was looking at a lovely photo of a nude woman on a motorcycle and I still didn't realize... But anyway.From my perspective, the establishment suited our needs perfectly, perhaps better than the colonial would have.  There's a nifty anonymous text broadcast tv that we truly enjoyed, and the bartender brought us mini pizzas to munch on.  Sweet 90s music videos, plenty of space... I really can't complain.
<review# 945,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/21/2013,7/4/2013,58,158,,9,7>Love this place for a quick touch up. I've never waited more than five minutes and the threading process is also super quick. Hurts a little but you get used to it after a few visits. My only suggestion would be to let them know if you don't like your brows super thin, as that's how they tend to do them,  but they're happy to change if you'd like them another way!
<review# 946,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/1/2013,7/3/2013,149,382,2,4,3>A great, quick, and cheap lunch when you are in the college hill area.  I've been a couple of times now and the items I have tried were both fresh and delicious.  The falafel pocket is my favorite and it is filled with falafel, hummus, hot sauce, tahini, and cucumber yogurt sauce.  It is filling and only slightly more expensive than going to Subway (but local and much tastier).The staff are pretty friendly and the menu is pretty large. I definitely think this is my favorite place to eat  lunch on Thayer next to Nice Slice (mainly because I'm a pizza addict).
<review# 947,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/25/2013,7/2/2013,8,19,2,7,5>I've been a sushi afficionado for decades, and have had some truly inspiring culinary experiences at sushi bars in places as diverse as Singapore and San Francisco. Is Wasabi world-class? No. But within the environs of Southern New England, it is a solid five stars.Many Yelpers have already commented on the location and the physical plant, so no real need for me to pile on. What everyone says is true... the outside is the polar opposite of the inside. The decor is very classy (I especially like the big "gold" buddha at the back), and the alcove booths with privacy curtains are a nice touch.The staff was very polite and attentive, so two thumbs way up on the service as well.But what are we really here to talk about? SUSHI!!! My review is based entirely on my sushi bar experience, as I did not sample any of the items from the kitchen.I feel that the real test of a sushi bar's quality is to stick to old-school basics that really let the seafood shine through. Yes, Wasabi is following the current trend in Japanese restaurants of offering some truly outrageous futo maki, including one that's wrapped in slivers of steak, doused in Bacardi 151 and set on fire. Seared tuna, flavored mayonnaise, asparagus, cream cheese, lobster salad and strawberries also feature in the dozens of signature rolls, all ingredients that you'd be hard pressed to find in a traditional sushi restaurant in Japan. People seem to like these eccentric preparations, and I have no problem with them... but I prefer something a bit more basic that allows the subtle flavors of the fish to be the feature performers.So, I ordered three items that I consider litmus tests for any sushi bar: a tako sunomono, a rainbow roll, and an order of two pieces of just plain ol' sushi, as in a slab of fish on a ball of rice (I chose striped sea bass, cuz it looked wonderful in the case).  My thoughts:Tako sunomono: I had very mixed feelings here.  From vast experience I have learned that the "sunomono" preparation is open to quite a bit of interpretation, but my understanding has always been that it includes some kind of seafood (I chose octopus), seaweed and cucumber in a ponzu-based dressing. Wasabi omitted the seaweed, offered up lots of cuke in fairly thick peeled chunks, some gloriously tender and sweet tako, and a light and refresing dressing in which the whole thing was submerged, all presented in a large martini glass. I felt the lack of seaweed was disappointing, and I prefer the cuke unpeeled and cut in very thin slivers... and the martini glass was so tall that eating the thing was a bit challenging. But this was the best tako I have had in a long, long time... tender, not at all rubbery, sliced very thin and steamed to perfection. And the dressing was a nice compliment, citrusy and tangy without being overwhelming (I was tempted to drink it). If I order this next time, I will ask for them to add the seaweed.Rainbow roll: Not much to say here, except that it was perfect. Sushi can be destroyed if the fish is not absolutely fresh, and here Wasabi surpassed every other sushi bar I've visited in Rhode Island (that would be all of them). Seriously, if one of the gloriously colorful slices had leapt off the roll and onto the bar, I would not have been surprised. The flavors blended perfectly, everything was balanced, the textures firm, the temperature cool but not icy cold (or heaven forbid, room temperature... eek). This roll demonstrated the beauty of simplicity when you are working with flawless ingredients.Suzuki sushi: Speaking of simplicity, you can't get more basic than this unless you're going to opt for sashimi. Again, the freshness of the sea bass ruled this dish. But the combination of just the fish and rice ball allowed me to appreciate how well the rice was prepared, the individual grains firm with fantastic mouth feel, not at all soggy or slimey, and not overly flavored with rice vinegar.  As I was slowly chewing (and trying not to allow my eyes to roll back in my head), I was actually experiencing the flavor and texture of the rice as a distinct component from the flavor and texture of the fish. Very nice.And here's the icing on the proverbial cake: when I got my check, the sushi items were all half price.  Apparently they do this on weekdays from 3:30-5:30 (although I do not know if this is just a limited time special, since the restaurant is relatively new).I was hoping that I would find in Wasabi a sushi restaurant that would be adequate if I was in the Bald Hill Road area and found myself with a craving. What I found instead will be a go-to destination restaurant for me, well worth the drive from Warren.So yeah, take a right at the PetsMart, a left at the Modell's... and if you get to the Boy Scout Store, you've passed it! Leave your trepidations in the car, and step into an urbane, classy Japanese restaurant that features what I believe is the best quality sushi in Rhode Island.  You will be well rewarded!
<review# 948,isUSA=TRUE,2.0,5/16/2013,7/1/2013,52,188,6,18,8>**EDIT**I went to Figidini a few times when they first opened, and then I went back for the first time last night since they've been more established. Frankly, this restaurant has grown up to be an uptight, self-indulgent, snooty, "I am hipper and better than you could ever wish to be" kind of joint, which saddens me greatly. I was there last night to celebrate a really important event for a few friends of mine, and rather than being greeted warmly to match the celebratory spirits, they told us that we couldn't be seated until our entire party arrived. There were 3 out of 4 members of our party there. The restaurant was EMPTY. It was 5pm on a quiet weeknight. A table of 3 uses up the same space as a table of 4. I completely understand on a busy weekend at 7PM why they might not be able to seat parties until everyone arrives. But on a weeknight at 5PM when the rest of the joint is deserted?? That's just bad business. Please use some common sense and stop trying to act like a Tribeca NYC night club. I hate those clubs anyway.THEN... my GREATEST pet peeve of ALL pet peeves: NO changes to your order. Now, I get that sometimes, a fancy dish that's been hand-crafted by the chef (i.e. duck confit or a really complicated risotto) needs to keep its ingredients intact. But this is PIZZA. I don't care if you are making pizza for the queen of freaking England. I can't get the sweet potato pizza without onions?? What??? And now you have to charge me MORE to get the SAME THING withOUT onions because I have to make a pizza from scratch a la carte?? How does that make ANY sense. I get it if you can't SUB one ingredient for another. But if you can PAY to ADD ingredients to the pizza (which you certainly can!), why can't you take them away free of charge?And wait.. what? I can't order a cheese pizza to go for my husband who couldn't make dinner because he was working?? Exact words from our waitress: "We don't DO carry out. We feel that when our pizzas are taken home, they get cold and ingredients sit, so it doesn't represent us at our best." Ummm... what exactly do you guys think you are making?? This is PIZZA. The best pizza joints in the entire freakin' COUNTRY all allow carry out, including our friends Little Star in San Francisco, Lou Malnati's in Chicago, Grimaldi's in NYC, and Frank Pepe in New Haven. Do you really think you are BETTER than all of these other establishments who have WAY more pizza cred??Oh and no, they do not take American Express. I can't believe you would even try that.From here on out, I'm sticking to Caserta, Bob and Timmy's, or walking down the street to Coal Fire. They all have better pizza anyway.**EDIT**I am SO stoked that this area of downtown is getting an entire ROW of new hip restaurants!!! I just stumbled into Figidini yesterday for the first time (possibly also opening day?) and I was DELISHfully surprised.So, this is an upscale/trendy wood-fire pizza bar slightly akin to PVD Coal Fire. The pizza was really solid. Soft, doughy crust. Fresh-so-fresh mozzarella cheese, tangy basil, and refreshing sauce. Really hands down solid pizza.But my four star review is coming from this: the SURPRISINGLY tasty arugula and goat cheese salad.This was honestly one of the best and most delicately crafted house-made salads I've ever had. The arugula was so beautifully dressed in a lemony, tangy EVOO. It came with a whopping portion of grilled bread topped w/ potent goat cheese that melted in my mouth. And though I would have preferred *slightly* more greens with my salad, the tastes and delicacies of craft were just so carefully selected.I am definitely looking forward to my next visit to Figidini!! They have a relatively short menu, so it would be nice to have few extra options. But the kitchen is teeny, and the space is limited. So I can see why the small menu for the small joint fits.
<review# 949,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/12/2013,6/30/2013,60,80,,6,4>Campus Fine Wines is a great local liquor store.  With a friendly staff and thrice weekly wine & beer tastings, this is probably your best bet in Fox Point.If you plan to frequent one of the local BYOB establishments nearby, Campus Fine Wines should be your first stop.My only gripe is that the beer selection is not as expansive as I would like.  However, given the local youths (university students) tastes in beer, I don't think it would be too economical not to stock the Light Beer staples.
<review# 950,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,12/10/2012,1/25/2013,226,1170,4,5,2>Very good food. Liked my paneer mattar. My friend liked his mango curry. I love the decor here, very nice and modern. The paper covers on the tables are wasteful. Waiter brought the check before even asking if we wanted dessert or anything else. Also, the service was ok during dinner but as soon as he gave us the bill he never came back to our table and never offered us more water. I find this to be in bad taste when the restaurant is almost empty. I would never hold up a table in a busy restaurant but when it's empty you can make the customers at least feel welcome and not rushed to leave as soon as you get your money. Every server in that place let us sit there for at least an hour with no water. We eventually flagged someone down for it and then they continued to ignore us
<review# 951,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/7/2013,1/24/2013,49,108,3,6,5>Elated that Ellie's opened nearby my place of work! Delicious baguettes, cinnamon buns and cappuccinos are now within walking distance. Step into Ellie's and you feel like you have stepped into a Parisian cafe. Edith Piaf has even been playing  on the radio both times I've been in there! I haven't had a chance yet to go for lunch, but I will be soon.
<review# 952,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/13/2013,1/23/2013,26,103,7,6,9>Love has a name and it's Eddy.This place is the perfect addition to Providence, it fills a void in our current bar scene. It has cocktails on par with the likes of The Avery or The Dorrance at prices that are more in line with what you might see at some less desirable spots.  The chief mixologist is the type of great bartender whom you can tell is passionate about his craft, but does not show off.  Designer cocktails without ridiculous pricing ($9-$12) and no pretentious bartender; that's a great start, now add to this a great space with intimate high-tops near the window and a couple larger tables tucked away that are ideal for groups of 6.  The small bar makes excellent use of their limited space. Oh and bar snacks, great selection of bar snacks such as olives, nuts, soft pretzels, crostini and deviled eggs.  I hate that so few bars think to offer upscale snacks to accompany their drinks - man can not live on Amaretto Sours alone. So in recap I would recommend this bar to anyone who is looking for a bar to either start or end their night, with an very upscale vibe without the too cool for school attitude behind the bar.Oh and one more plus - went there on a Saturday night - ZERO hipsters or college students - that, as anyone who has frequented the great bars/restaurants in this city, is in of itself a miracle.
<review# 953,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/3/2012,1/22/2013,85,139,16,9,6>Oh Patti, kiss my forehead, roll me up in a little tiny ball and stuff me in one of your Pierogis, deep fry me and eat me. That is how I want to die.My only main gripe with this place is Rachel, Patti's niece, the bartender/server. I mean that girl needs to get her energy level up and be a little more pleasant to the customers. IF WE WERE IN REVERSE WORLD! She was absolutely fantastic, felt like I had known her for years. Pleasant and funny and quick service. Also made my Old Fashioned exactly how I like it, and demonstrated "Polish magic" for picking our Power Ball tickets. It was like getting dinner AND a show.Prices are ridiculously great for what you get. Everything tasted phenomenal. I don't even know what else to say, the Polish deities break through the clouds of the city on a daily basis and smile on this establishment.
<review# 954,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/31/2012,1/21/2013,42,127,4,6,3>I am absolutely convinced old people know where to eat. And if that is the truth this place is as good as it gets.My dad introduced me to this place and I don't think it is a coincidence that he is also over the age of 50 considering the crowd that frequents this establishment.Anyways, here you will find an abundance of seafood and Italian dishes. All at a low price, served fast and always consistent. Between the soup and salad and bread when the meal comes it's a question if you can even eat any of it. This is a solid place with guaranteed leftovers. I like checking out the different specials that are mainly focused around seafood.
<review# 955,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/23/2012,1/19/2013,24,164,3,3,1>I can think of about 500 other reasons to spend $13 dollars before spending that amount of money on a single drink, but it IS the Dorrance and those who enter the spinning door should understand that they are not eating and drinking at Applebee's.  So my drink, the Kentucky Campfire, was actually $15 bucks but I rather enjoy a stiff Kentucky whiskey and couldn't pass it up.  The drink was well done and tasted great, but I must admit that the method of creation significantly added to the overall experience of the Dorrance.  No, it wasn't a hot female tender making my drink; it was a dude.  The dude was good at making a drink, however.  The tender went the extra 0.5 mile and went through the motions and cool actions of making my drink.  He didn't seem too enthusiastic, but I have never seen melancholy look so cool.  Again, it was worth the price of admission to see my drink prepared in such a cool fashion, with a live band jamming, and the top balcony nearly empty and available for my party's presence.  Overall, a great experience.  I did not eat here but I hear that the menu is good, tasty, and that they do a good job with Gluten Free foods (wife eats GF).  Drink prices keep my review at a 4-star level.  I will definitely come back for dinner at some point in time.  Perhaps my review will hit 5-stars after my first meal.  I'm a fan.
<review# 956,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/31/2012,1/18/2013,493,313,,5,2>Thoroughly impressed.Hurricane Sandy left her calling card in the form of a locust tree snapping 2/3 of the way up with the top 1/3 ending up on the roof of my building. I called and Maureen showed up within 90 minutes - just like she said she would. She assessed the situation, looking at the building, the tree, the route the bucket truck would have to take to get the job done and gave me a price. I thought it was very reasonable. She and her husband run several crews and some of them are in the NYC and surrounding area. She did however, have a couple of crews here in RI and one was fairly nearby. After some consideration of what jobs needed to be done and where they were she indicated that they could get the job done today. Again, true to her word Mike and Kevin arrived with a bucket truck, chipper and dump truck. They too assessed the situation and went at it. They layed plywood on the ground so as not to tear it up, maneuvered the bucket truck in and got down to business. Two hours later they were cleaning up the debris and using a leaf blower to clean up any small leaves, wood chips, etc. Bottom line: I would use them again in a second. Professional. Efficient. Reasonably priced.  They made an annoying problem go away. And they did it fast. Thanks Maureen, Mike and Kevin!
<review# 957,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/3/2012,1/17/2013,56,130,,5,1>Clean! Buy local!Fresh vegetables, fruits, oysters, meats, cheeses (goat and cow), cookies, cupcakes, breads. I tried and immediately bought Chipotle Salsa from Poblano Farms. The woman at the table was patient and friendly as I interrogated her about the company and how the salsa is made :)There was a french tart/cookie vendor in one of the rooms off of the main hall. WOW! All I could smell was a delicious scent of butter and sugar. I bought a dozen of the butter cookies, which came in many different flavors, my favorite was the toasted coconut. And the hooked me at the register with a croissant. :) I would come back just for this vendor.Narragansett Creamery table - knowledgeable and enthusiastic about their product. It was a popular table. I will be bringing my cooler the next time so that I can buy some of the different varieties of the cream cheese.Farmstead - They had their famous biscuits for sale and their cheese of course! BUT - they had breakfast sandwiches for sale that were made with the biscuits! I wish I hadn't eaten so much at Wayland Square Diner earlier. :)The Alpaca table had amazing items too, I will have to visit before winter hits to buy a hat.So much to see and so little time. I look forward to returning soon. If you go late in the morning, you may also be surprised by the food trucks outside !! Great experience all around. I AM A FAN!
<review# 958,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/12/2012,1/16/2013,52,188,1,11,4>To be honest, I was pretty skeptical of Lim's when they first opened because frankly, any Asian restaurant that makes food from multiple Asian ethnicities really bothers me. I mean... seriously? We are NOT all the same. And Japanese food vs. Thai food, authentically--worlds apart.But here's the hook. Thai food at Lim's, pretty rock solid good. Sushi at Lim's--FABULOUS. Haruki has been my favorite east side sushi establishment. But Lim's makes rolls that are slightly larger and slightly cheaper and equal if not greater caliber of fresh and so clean clean. When I'm craving take-out sushi, I go to Lim's now. And to be honest... I can't tell if these guys are Japanese sushi chefs or if they're... *gasp* thai sushi chefs. But I suppose it doesn't actually matter. They have my vote for sushi on the east side.
<review# 959,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/10/2012,1/15/2013,30,63,3,9,5>I'm going to start off with a confession: I don't like Korean food. I've held this belief for a while and was kind of making The Face when we ended up here. Oh, how wrong I was!We arrived with an assortment of tastes: Loves Korean (the husband), No Spicy (the bestie), Skeptical but hungry (me), and Bottomless Pit (toddler). Immediate reaction: the staff was super friendly, welcoming us in. Be warned, it looks very small when you first walk in; there is a second room off the side that has a few more tables. Our waitress came to our table with dishes of fresh pickles, kimchi, and some kind of black beans that the toddler immediately claimed for her own.Our waitress was very helpful in selecting our dishes and making sure that we would all enjoy them. Bestie had bulgolgi, I had jap chae du-bop, and my husband bibimbap. You'd think none of us had ever seen food before, the way we tucked in. Our waitress very kindly brought an extra little dish of black beans after she noticed my daughter had gone through all of them. There were no leftovers, sadly.  We opted to split two fried ice creams (mango-style) with fresh fruit. When they came out, we realized they'd put chocolate syrup on both. Bestie is allergic and we'd forgotten to ask about it-totally our fault. Our waitress was sweet enough to grab the owner (presumably) who promised to remake it so she could enjoy too. They've definitely won a repeat customer and converted me to a fan of Korean food (at least if it's theirs.)
<review# 960,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/11/2013,6/19/2013,91,416,3,7,5>My new favorite Indian take out place.  I hate the drive here, but the food and the friendly staff are worth it. Since my first visit, I have been here almost every time I want Indian food.  The staff have been eager to help me try something new and have remembered me from each visit. Masala has all the classic Indian dishes, but also offers some new adventures with a Pakistani spin on some, and I suggest you try those adventures.While the atmosphere of the place leaves a lot to be desired, the food is great.  Unlike other Indian places, Masala listens to me when I say I like my medium on the spicy side.  They also have a fairly extensive list of bread options.One of the things I love about Masala is how flavorful their rice is.  With tons of cloves and cardamon seeds, the rice adds that little something extra to the dishes, and if you order take out, they fill the container to the brim. The one downside of Masala is that there is no alcohol.  I haven't figured out if it is BYOB, but either way, this is not going to stop me from becoming a regular.
<review# 961,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/6/2013,6/18/2013,22,69,3,5,2>Bee's is a welcome addition to the Providence Thai scene, in the old Ugly American building across from East Side Creamery/Captain Seaweed's on Williams and Ives.  i will miss UA's deep-fried oreo, but can now at least indulge in a little deep-friend ice cream in its stead.the layout of the restaurant is essentially the same, very bright and orange w/a handful of tables and plenty of space.  their prices are better than Lim's, comparable to Pakarang and not as good as Sawadee's.  they do have lunch specials for $7-8: a smattering of generously portioned curries and noodle dishes accompanied by 2 small deep-fried spring rolls or vegetable soup.i don't read the menu before ordering at a new Thai restaurant since i always go w/my tried and true benchmarks.  today i settled on one mango and one veggie spring roll to start--the mango roll came w/a great chili sauce and was extremely light, fresh, and delicious, while the spring roll came deep fried by default and was greasy but still good.  they do have fresh veggie spring rolls, my own fault for not referencing the menu i suppose.  this got me into trouble again when i whitishly ordered the drunken noodles, expecting pad kee mao.  what came out had medium rice noodles instead of wide, w/o any bell pepper or broccoli and an unfavorable noodle:meat/vegetables ratio coated in a bland sauce.  decent, but not what i was hoping for...Bee's calls their pad kee mao "spicy brown soy noodles" for us mzungus and their pad see ew "brown soy noodles".  lesson learned!i'll be back to try the curries and [actual] pad kee mao soon.  3.5 stars, rounded to a 4.0 since every restaurant takes awhile to hit its stride and it was my own buffoonery that sabotaged this adventure~
<review# 962,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/12/2012,6/17/2013,11,40,,5,2>I'm a big fan of supporting local business.  While you can get k-cups in many places you won't get it with service like this.  My daughter and I were greeted warmly and offered cookies. They also threw some pretty little chocolates in the bag as a surprise! C'mon, you don't get that at the big box stores.I went in with a purpose since we ran out of coffee before my auto-shipment of coffee arrived but will go back again. I cancelled my automatic shipments from Green Mountain Coffee!  I used to pay $13.60 per box of 24 but had to buy 4 boxes to get free shipping.  At Erin's Perfect cup I paid $13.99 per box.   They have an entire wall of single cups that you can mix and match.  Perfect for trying something new or having a variety for holiday entertaining.  The only down side is that their hours are limited So check the website or call for updated hours.  Parking can be tight in that area but there is parking behind the building on High street.Go check it out.  It's good.
<review# 963,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/30/2013,6/16/2013,65,137,2,12,4>Having had bad experiences with moving companies in the past, I did my homework when it came to choosing this time. I turned to Yelp for help and I'm SO happy that it brought me to Economy Movers!Cheryl made the reservation process easy and answered all of my questions. Our move required three guys and a truck and that's what we got!Jason, Jay and Steve were fantastic. SERIOUSLY. I can't even begin to explain how professional, courteous, and hard-working they were. They had such positive attitudes and hustled the whole time. Our move was stress-free, thanks to these three guys.I wholeheartedly recommend Economy Movers!
<review# 964,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/23/2013,6/15/2013,56,186,3,4,2>My first trip to Ladder 133 was for a Yelp event and I loved it so much, I have been back a few times since! Ladder 133 is an old converted firehouse with a beautiful interior, comfy seats and a great bar area. The staff is incredibly friendly here! The servers are attentive and kind. The food is so delicious! First, try any sandwich with the made fresh daily bread. It is out of this world. I have had the pulled pork and chicken parm sandwiches, both of which were perfect!  My parents had a burger and a chicken sandwich. They gave both rave reviews.The mozzarella is made fresh in house, so you should try that too! They have TV's so you can watch whatever game is on. They also have specials most days of the week, so you should check those out too!The only downside to Ladder 133 is that it is not closer to my house!
<review# 965,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/13/2013,6/14/2013,60,193,3,6,3>As I walk in the teeny, tiny breakfast place tucked away between broadway and westminister, the first thing I spot is the bottle od Sriracha on every table.. Okay, they have great taste in hot sauce.Then I take a look around- Kitchen is the cutest little place ever. Has a very cozy feeel with the copper tables, chalkboard menu and dainty wooden booths. The menu selection is perfect but simple. Omelets, hash, french toast and muffins. I got the Greek fritata. Omg it was made perfectlyyyyy! The coffe was strong and hot and kept coming. Almost forgot to mention, the waiter, cook and bus boy is all ONE man and he did it WELL! I will most definitely be back to try the house made hash.
<review# 966,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/2/2012,6/13/2013,68,635,4,4,4>This is a great idea and they are executing pretty well.  It has great spots for the little ones as well as the big kids (adults that have still not gotten past their teen love of bouncing and dodge ball).  Yes, I said dodge ball on trampolines.  How cool is that, unless you just cam in from a bar and have a gut full of beer.Anyway, I think that this is a new and exciting addition to West Warwick.  Their have great prices for families, kids and the a fore mentioned big kids. So what do they have you are now asking.Well all of that is at a 'ground level' so no climbing up.  They all have padded sides in case you bounce out.  The floors are cushioned.  They have a snack bar area. Activities:1) Larger trampolines 2) Small trampolines for youth and toddlers3) Foam block pit (6') with trampolines at the bottom4) Trampoline Dodge Ball arena5) Trampoline aerobics area where they are placed all over to include curving up the walls so that as you bounce and run the arena, you can go up the walls a bit  All is too much fun.
<review# 967,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/17/2013,6/12/2013,28,68,3,4,1>This is a review for the restaurant only. I finally made it to Local for the first time on Monday, and they knocked my socks off! Great ambience, delicious food, and beautiful service. My friend and I felt like a couple of bums when we wandered into this lavish dining room in our jeans and sweatshirts, but we quickly got over it. It was fairly quiet in the dining room (Monday night), and our server Greg gave us impeccable service. He hit every detail, even the silly little things like the placement of the items on the table. My friend was in the bathroom when one of our courses came out, and he came over as soon as she came back to offer her fresh ground pepper - I loved that. Great effort, Greg. That was the first real 5-star service I've gotten in Providence.I got a seasonal vegetable as an appetizer and the daily pasta as my entree. The seasonal veggie was delicious - it was just an assortment of root vegetables, but they were cut and cooked perfectly, and the plate was amazingly colorful. I liked the pasta, too. It was a relatively small portion, but I don't have a huge appetite so for me that's almost a good thing. I still had a little bit leftover to take home for lunch the next day. Didn't get any fancy drinks, just a hot toddy and a glass of wine.The prices were totally reasonable. I only spent $30 on myself for 2 courses and a drink. I've spent more than for less food at Julian's, and been totally ignored by the servers all night! Local was such a treat. We plan to come back again next month, and this time we're going to bring our boyfriends so that we can sit in one of those big cushy booths. I haven't been to the downstairs music club yet, but they get some cool bands playing there. Definitely worth checking out in the future.
<review# 968,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/11/2013,6/11/2013,52,157,3,3,5>I really like this place. Everything I have ever had here has been delicious. I really love the Portuguese sweet bread french toast. The homefries are tasty, and are usually nice and crispy. The eggs are always prepared to perfection as well. A couple of times I did have an omelet with a veggies, and I remember being unimpressed with the veggies. They seem like they were prepped way to far in advance, but that is my only complaint, (OHH!) the parking could also be better, but it is centrally located in town, so that is to be expected. Off Broadway diner is one of my favorite breakfast spots. Their menu is huge, and filled with local favorites. They also serve lunch and dinner, so if you are in the area, and are looking for a bite to eat I suggest you check them out!
<review# 969,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/15/2013,6/10/2013,16,82,5,5,5>I am a true believer in nasty food like this making you feel better on a bad day and Wings n' Things is my go to for just that! Well, and for party style food fun with friends as well...of course!There are many things I love about Wings n' Things. The first thing being, the owners are ALWAYS working! I have a massive amount of respect for owners that work their kitchen and front-end. They automatically get more business from me due to this fact. In addition, they are NICE people!What else do I love? The food! OMG crispy salted fatties, fatty salted crispies? Needless to say this place is not meant for your diet but everyone needs a cheat here and there - this is American... My absolute favorite item to get is an order of Cajun Cheese Fries. The crimped fries are dusted with this spicy and zesty rub that goes so well with their blended nacho style cheese. It's orgasmic, you can't have any, it's my dish and I'm going to tell Joan if you order it to remind you that, if it weren't for me, you'd still be eating ketchup and plain fries. Well - you're welcome!The wings and boneless chunks are very good. I have some staple flavors I like to stick with. The Buffalo Garlic is the most mild of the buffalo's, I believe, but has the most flavor. The hot is my limit, beyond that it just becomes a competition of who can chug milk faster. My favorite flavor is the Jamaican Jerk. It's that perfect blend of savory, spicy and sweet you hope for. I don't find a drastic difference between the boneless or the wings but obviously wings would have more flavor.The burgers are good, the specials are a great value and overall the place is great. They do, on occasion, forget my cheese sauce (I get it on the side) which sends me in a violent fit of gluttoness rage but other than that their service is on point.I have had Wings Over Providence as well and prefer Wings n' Things. You'll understand...Enjoy!
<review# 970,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/7/2013,2/5/2013,69,159,2,5,5>I've made a couple of bold assertions over the course of my Providence dining career as to which restaurant is "The Best." After four years of eating out at a diverse number of establishments in the greater Providence area, I am ready to retire the practice, with confidence, by bestowing the title to Los Andes. Of late, there is no question where the s/o and I are going when we get the urge to go out to eat. In fact, the urge to go out to eat is usually because we have a craving for Los Andes. This little hole in the wall in a lackluster neighborhood is setting the standard. One of the owners is always present and greets every guest, sometimes stopping over to your table to make sure everything is satisfactory, sometimes sitting at the bar with other patrons unpretentiously, eating dinner alongside their customers. It feels like family in here, which goes a long way for this girl from a small town in Maine. Do I even have to gush about the food? The only problem I EVER have with the menu is committing to a dish and leaving the others on the page, unrealized. I want to try everything because I know everything is amazing. I have never regretted a decision here. Ever. I don't think their chefs could make bad food if they tried. It's simple, authentic, and delectable, like you sat down to a big portion of home cooking in an Andean grandma's kitchen. And don't even get me started on the ceviche, because I WILL finish it, and good luck getting a bite.  Their cocktails are banging. Had the best margarita of my life last night, served in a highball glass, but who cares? Their caipirinha is heady and full of tang, and the pisco is a peachy treat. Full five stars for Los Andes. Would that I could give them 10.
<review# 971,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/6/2012,2/3/2013,34,119,,6,1>Went w my boyfriend and his mom. The atmosphere is very enchanting and I couldn't stop looking around. I was definitely a little under dressed but  the staff didn't care. They give you some popcorn to start (not very good) and the beer menu is out of this world! I tried a delicious beer that had hemp somehow in the brewing process, then I had a Ginger beer on ice (amazing).Everyone in my party loved their food, surf and turf, portabello w crab stuffing and some sort of sandwich on a croissant. It was all delicious and the staff was very nice. Owner seemed uptight from what I saw, but I don't think it's easy to work in the restaurant business let alone own one. This place fills up! Make a reservation.Seems like a great place for a bridal shower (just something I noted while there).A bit pricy, but you can get a sandwich for about $10.
<review# 972,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/18/2012,2/2/2013,70,481,,3,4>Much to like here with some rough edges. Most importantly, the cowboy burger was perfectly cooked to order and tasty. Maybe it was a bit over spiced...it was, like, too peppery or something. Next time I will try a different burger. Fries are the hand cut, nubby crunchy kind I like. Fans of steak frite or McD's variety will be disappointed. The beer battered onion rings were a tasty but unnecessary addition to the table. The much touted buffalo fries were disappointing; the wings were overcooked. They have Mexican coke. SCORE. Interesting, clean seating area. Shout out to the blond girl working the register with the University of Arizona t shirt. Prices are great for what you get. I can see why some people might hate this place. The food is very emphatically not mainstream.  But if you are open minded about our junk food and come in with a sense of adventure, I promise that you will come away from the Ugly American Dangerously Full, yet Totally Satisfied. Not the best burg in the PVD, but a serious contender.
<review# 973,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,11/9/2012,2/1/2013,41,183,3,12,4>Wow, this place, just wow.  I would never have known about this place if my boyfriend, a Rhody native, hadn't brought me here.  This restaurant is the kind of place that 20 years ago it was considered THE fancy place to go in Rhode Island.  Today, it's best appeal is that it is a relic and a beacon of the kind of community Rhode Island used to be.Put it this way, everyone here over the age of 50 was dressed to the nines- sequins, heels, combed hair, blazers, walkers, wheelchairs- the works.  Those under 50 didn't seem to take the care in appearance of their elders, so there are a lot more jeans and Dress Barn looks on the 30-50 crowd, while the youngest patrons sport tracksuits and Juicy sweatsuits and sneakers and Abercrombie-esque button-downs.I was also told that this place prides itself on it's exclusively male waitstaff and the tradition of not using a notepad- that's right, the waiters, dressed in sharp white shirts and black ties, memorize an entire table's order, whether you're a party of 5 or 15.  Incredible.So if you're able to find parking, which is a challenge because this place is HOPPING, you pass through the glass doors with a reminder to its patrons that "No Muscle Shirts Allowed" into the low-ceilinged, wood paneled interior that hasn't been updated since at least the 1970s, where the maitre d' (who is at least 72 and cranky and hard of hearing but greets half of the lovely older ladies by their first names) puts your name on his list and you proceed to wait for 30 min to watch the parade of gorgeous guests swanning into the lobby, where you can also purchase tank tops and sweatshirts with the Twin Oaks logo at their GIFT SHOP.When you are seated, your extremely personable waiter whisks you your first drinks, which are poured with a heavy hand because they KNOW WHAT WE WANT!I ordered a bunch of apps- fried smelts, clams casino and crab cakes.  My boyfriend ordered the HEAPING lobster salad.  All were delicious and hearty.  Like another reviewer said, it's not elegant, but it is solid Italian-American food that will fill you the heck up.  And it is set in a place that is a relic of Rhode Island's Italian heritage- this is an experience not to be missed, a crystallized view into Rhody's past.
<review# 974,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/4/2012,1/31/2013,40,75,2,4,2>I am a total beer snob and used to scoff at the idea of going to Douglas. Frankly, it used to suck. I live about a mile from this plaza and pass it on the way home every day. I'd drive out of my way to go to something better, like Gasbarro's on route 1. But no more! Douglas has expanded, it is clean, bright, and has a huge selection of great craft beer. Great stuff, some of which I've never seen before. I've been in there 3-4 times in the past week just because I am so damn impressed with the place. Check it out! (As for the wine, the selection seems pretty good. The prices are a little high compared to places like Gasbarro's and Yankee, but comparable to most neighborhood shops.)PS: I think the name is now Douglas Fine Wine & Spirits, not Douglas Discount Liquors.
<review# 975,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/22/2012,1/30/2013,31,77,7,7,3>Let me first say that we came here on a Wednesday, mid afternoon. I would not attempt to come here on a weekend, at least not until my son gets a little older.My son (age 16 months) had a BLAST! Huge smile ear-to-ear!! How can you beat it - 6 bucks, he gets to run around and play with other kids his age for as long as he wants. I get to wear him out so he takes a nice nap afterwards, giving Daddy a break.The place was super clean and well staffed for safety. Most of the parents I saw were keeping a good eye on their kids as well.The section for kids 3 and under was great, however, because they weren't busy, I got to bring him to the larger bouncy houses meant for older kids. MJ's lets parents of toddlers into the bouncy houses to assist they're little ones who aren't too steady on their feet yet. Emphasis on "assist"  - no bouncing.  They lost a star because of the food selections..Your not allowed to bring your own food, and I didnt see anything else within walking distance, so you're stuck with their offerings. We didn't bother eating because it looked....gross...like bad roller rink pizza and such. Of course, this is coming from a 40 year old food snob. I'm sure if i was 4 years old, I'd scarf that shit down and bounce until I puked without skipping a beat.Can't wait to come back!
<review# 976,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/12/2013,1/29/2013,73,433,3,5,2>To other Yelpers totally dogging this place: keep in mind it's in Fall River and we don't have too many decent restaurants so let's try not to scare them all away so soon, aight?I hate sports. HATE. And I tend more toward the Euro bistro type establishments so I was little nervouse when we decided to give Jerry Remy's a try. Happily, I was very wrong about them.Yes, it's a sports bar and they do have a million and one televisions but the restaurant is designed in a way that's classier than your average sports bar (modern lighting, subway tile, comfy booths and high top tables) and the menu was much more palatable as well. Plenty of beers on tap including local and craft options as well as plenty of mixed drinks on the menu. The menu has good variety and will satisfy someone who's looking for pub grub, steak, seafood, pasta and everything in between.We started with the Asian flare calamari. I really wanted to love this dish. The Asian slaw was very good and the dipping sauce was tasty as well. However, the calamari itself was lacking in flavor and moisture - dry, dry, dry. The Fried Pickle app was sinfully good. Plump, battered and fried, pickles. I had the veggie burger which I was very pleased with. It wasn't your typical soy based veggie burger. It was a bean and rice type burger which, if you're vegetarian, you KNOW the rice and beans make a far superior burger to the Boca crap you get at most places.My table mates really liked the Chicken "Under a Brick" and the Steak Tips. My husband said the buffalo wings were OK but could've been worse. Granted, he's sort of a buffalo wing expert so he's really hard to satisfy in that respect and he did admit that they cured his craving.Overall, food was good, the restaurant is clean, service was super friendly and prices are really good for what you're getting.
<review# 977,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/20/2012,1/28/2013,118,260,3,3,1>There's a reason this place has nearly a 5-star rating in 200+ reviews, it's excellent!Let me start by talking about the service. Our server, Aly, was perfection. She was attentive and friendly, offering us great recommendations. The place was packed and I have no doubt every staff member was very busy but that did not stop amazing service. Other restaurants should take note!The food was awesome. I tried the frittata. It was delicious! A huge serving of eggs, veggies, local cheeses. The food makes you appreciate local markets. The coffee and bloody mary complimented my meal perfectly.I look forward to returning there in the near future!!!!!!
<review# 978,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/14/2012,1/27/2013,37,109,,4,4>I can't stop singing the praises of this store!  With 2 children I do not get the chance to shop or spend money like I used to.  I was introduced to Shoppe Pioneer through a Yelp event and love this store.What makes this any different from the other stores in Providence?  The owner, Natalie, is amazing.  How often can you go to a store where the owner would rather have you walk out empty handed then questioning how often you will wear an article of clothes.  After trying on a dress that fit, but couldn't decide if I loved it Natalie said "I think it looks great but I don't want you buying it unless you love it"   Thanks Natalie for your passion to make us all feel great in our clothes.  What I have bought I wear constantly so it is worth every penny.If you want quality clothes, average prices, and great service this is the place to be.
<review# 979,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/12/2013,1/26/2013,68,635,2,3,2>What a great little place.  This is run by a hubby and wife team that where possible, try to stay local, in some cases that just means made in the US of A.  They are just getting started and I think they have some ideas floating around that might really set them apart.  On this trip we purchased a carbide chefs knife.  Made in Mass.  Carbide is stronger than Stainless and will keep an edge a lot longer.  They do patina (turn colors) quickly if you don't clean them off fast, but it has no impact to the knife.  In fact, that is just how it prevents rust in the future.  Anyway, these are fantastic knives and I was extremely happy to find a place that sells them and not just Wustofe or GlobalOne of the other things I saw that was impressive is their set of copper pots and pans.  These are locally made as well and heavy.  If you go in there and go to pick one up, you will remember... 'he said it was heavy.'  Then you will pick it up and go 'CRAP!, he did not say it was that heavy!'  Well, now I have.  So be warned.Anyway, I think this is fantastic that they have them, but at just around $500.00 for a pan, they may not sell that fast.  So I hope they mix it up a little bit.  I am not recommending getting too far off center, but even in RI, this is a tad on the high side.All of that being said, I am a fan and I hope those on and around Hope street give this place the well deserved support.
<review# 980,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/29/2014,10/26/2014,28,32,6,6,3>This is my favorite place for quick, filling lunch during the work week -- moreso than Sura across the street. Why is that? $10 bento boxes."Whaaaaaaaaat," you say. "$10? That is the cray cray."I know, internet. I. Know.For ten bucks you will get yourself a bowl of miso soup, whatever the specialty side is for the day (candied sweet potatoes! weird deviled egg thing! hand-rolled sushi whatever!), salad, fresh steamed rice, and a delicious protein preparation of your choice. I usually go for the chicken or pork katsu because I am a complete sucker for anything slathered in katsu sauce.And with it being as cheap as it is, it's pretty damn good. If you've got a hankering for something sweet afterwards, head on over to the bubble tea cafe for some taro tea (so good) and bask in your glorious luncheon meal. There's a whole slough of other Korean and Japanese inspired food choices that are worth trying but man, something about that bento box is amazingly satisfying.Go forth and shove it in your facehole. Your wallet and your stomach will thank you.
<review# 981,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/4/2014,10/25/2014,66,41,1,5,3>For my first three months in Providence, I never came to The Hot Club.  You see, I thought it was a club, and contrary to the 50 Cent song, you will NOT find me in the club.  Thank God someone cleared this up for me, because Hot Club rocks.  Nothing beats getting out of work, driving down to the waterfront, pulling up a stool with my coworkers, and knocking back a beer (which a comrade has fondly nicknamed "Double-A Baseball Beer," due to the fact that all of Hot Club's beer tends to be served in plastic cups) while munching on some popcorn or a soggy dog.  As for the ambience, there's always tunes (a jukebox in the back lets my motley crew put on anything from Springsteen to Rihanna) and the view is excellent.  You can see the smokestacks from across the water, and I suppose if you brought a date, you could even consider it romantic.  I hear it's a popular spot during summer when they open up the patio... guess I'll have to stick around to see.
<review# 982,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/18/2014,10/24/2014,78,269,1,8,5>This is thee hotel bar to end all hotel bars. You know you have struck gold, when the most hype is surrounding somewhere is actually due to the back lounge, that some may not realize exists. Go in, and you see a bar, keep on trucking, go through the velvet curtain and you're in another classic Mike Sears Victorian parlor-esque bar. The layout and set up makes me feel like I should be meeting Don Draper for a cocktail before I have to go home to my husband, the artwork (tasteful nudes) only adds to the affair like feeling.This bar is one of those places you never knew downtown was lacking, but now realize it was. Dark, warm, tasteful art, a decidedly older (and cooler) crowd than you might find in the other bars in this area. Here's where it gets awesomely cool and weird. There isn't a drink menu. Tell them what you like and you'll get different things accordingly. The lovely bartender whom I run into all over the place was asking preferences and getting strokes of genius based on what you said. I had a very lovely cocktail that even had fresh rosemary in it. So be prepared for that, though it wouldn't hurt if maybe they had a few offerings for those of us who really can't come up with things on the fly.
<review# 983,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/2/2014,10/23/2014,94,40,10,4,7>Homegirl has a zero tolerance policy when it comes to bad coffee.  There are far too many establishments bringing in the  benjamins with mysterious brown liquids.  The brainwashing continues when their visually impaired hipster barista clouds each and every "beverage" with creams,milks, sweateners and chemicals behind ominously tall counters.  These four eyed chemists need to touch the hem of homegirls pleather and see the light. The Coffee Exchange is not exempt from homegirls coffee politics.  It is more hipster than man scarfs.  But there is a saving glory-their coffee is basically the potion of youth reviving your innermost child like emotions.  Homegirl makes it plain and simple for baristas around the world with her saying :tall and black like Shaq.  Give it to me filled to the brim, I ain't playing with no creams.  Simply splendid.  Lots of roasts that can be purchased brewed and in the embryonic bean form for home brewing.  And when I have a weeknessfor some sweetness they have local baked goods and offer truvia as a sweetener for drinks.  Yeah I have to wait 5 minutes for my coffee,but it's freshly brewed, comparatively priced, and tastes supah fine and all mine.
<review# 984,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/19/2014,10/22/2014,28,68,3,6,3>Holy crap, this place is awesome. I've passed by a million times and finally went in yesterday - so worth it!I got the BASIC pedicure ($30) and manicure ($15) and got the full spa treatment! Hot towels, comfy massage chair, hot stone massage on the feet (!!), heated shoulder wrap that you get to wear during your treatments, and even a neck and shoulder massage while you wait for your nails to dry! I couldn't believe this was just the basic package. I don't splurge very often, but I will be going here again. At this price, the services definitely exceeded my expectations.The staff were all very nice and friendly. A couple of patrons came in who were kind of loud and ridiculous, but I won't hold that against the salon - in fact it was free entertainment, like watching a reality TV show unfold right in Bristol. Totally recommended, I will definitely be back here.
<review# 985,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/3/2014,10/21/2014,56,81,,3,2>Adorable. The shop. The selection. The owner. Lizzy, is the personification of her store, fun, bubbly, welcoming, stylish. There was change purse that was in the shape of  MACAROON. Need I say more.  The store has a great curated collection of things perfect for the "Bananas" world. I love love love the vintage girl decor. Can't wait to  take my out of town friends there next time they visit.
<review# 986,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/2/2014,10/20/2014,187,39,3,5,3>Mom was visiting so we had our heart set on dinner at a nice Italian restaurant on Federal Hill. This is my third time at Pane e Vino and it did not disappoint! Awesome bread selection with delicious grassy olive oil and olives, and their freshly grated Parmesan is always a treat. My favorite things to order include the burrata appetizer, duck confit, fusilli with ragu and ricotta and veal meatballs, and tagliatelle with porcini in cream sauce. Oh and don't forget the bread pudding for dessert! It's a unique rustic style bread pudding made with special bread and a delicious custard. Also the Andes mint chocolates on the way out - I don't know anywhere else that does them quite the same. My only gripe is how often the waitress tried to push us to spend more money - it was quite entertaining actually. She would ask if we wanted sparkling water, wine, cocktails, and appetizer...after we said no to all of the above, she takes our order and then asks again if we wanted salad...and later after we didn't even finish our huge portions she slips the dessert menu under our noses without our permission! Haha we weren't annoyed, just amused. Other than that though, it was an enjoyable dinner with prompt and attentive service in a lovely setting. Worth a trip!
<review# 987,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/13/2014,10/19/2014,37,74,2,5,3>Went to the Red Fez for the first time last night and enjoyed it.  Sat in the downstairs area, and for being busy, we got a table right away, which was nice.  I liked the atmosphere... dim lighting but you could still see your food and the people you were with, acceptable noise level, funky decor but not seeming like they were desperately trying to hard.  Great beer selection, though as we were hopping from place to place I only had one (Cisco Pumple Drumkin, because fall).The food was what really made me a fan, though. I had the Eleventy Spice chicken wings, which certainly brought the heat but were also very flavorful, and the grilled asparagus, which was fantastic. When I opt for an actual vegetable over fries and would happily do so again, you know you've got something good.  Another person in our group had the poutine, which we all sampled and thought was amazing; the guy who ordered it was especially happy with it, though, and he grew up in Canada so he knows from poutine. It's a winner.Out of the way, but worth the trip.
<review# 988,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/22/2014,10/18/2014,54,196,3,3,4>Yum yum in my tum!Shanghai is our go-to Chinese restaurant for the nights when neither of us feel like cooking.It comes hot, fresh, and is delivered through my yelp app! I don't even need to talk to anyone - which is awesome for those super cranky days when you want to bury yourself in pork fried rice and watch golden girls. We love their crag ragoon, chicken fingers, soups and egg rolls. You can't beat Shanghai's ease, speed and variety!
<review# 989,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/24/2014,10/17/2014,115,164,1,5,4>I cannot tell a lie. I loved my Mission experience.  Stop everything and go to mission immediately if you love any of the following: damn good burgers, perfectly crisped and salted fries, craft beer from the can, communal seating to meet some fellow burger lovers, clever detailing, and juuuuust tucked out of the way enough that you feel like you tumbled upon buried treasure.... the list goes on. Individually perhaps none of the aforementioned is mindblowing, but they went with a simple concept and nailed it across the board on food, drink, decor, and experience. The detailing. I was really struck by the detailing - nailing the beer list to a board, pipes holding up a narrow board along the wall to create modest table space, hand-written menu on a roll of meat packing paper cascading down the wall, fun messages spray painted on the seats.... good stuff. Not great for: large groups who want guaranteed seating, handicapped diners who need closer parking.Same owners as Thames Street Kitchen.
<review# 990,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/2/2013,12/24/2013,62,60,2,3,2>Dave's is where I prefer to do my grocery shopping.  The fruit and veg selection is always fresh and the meat and poultry are varied and reasonably priced.  I live in Providence but am more than happy to drive to the Warwick or Smithfield Dave's for my weekly shopping.  The butcher is always happy to process my beef tenderloin selection into filets and on my recent visit the deli staff was attentive to the slicing and wrapping of my Italian cold cuts for a holiday antipasto platter, going so far as to open a new slab of meat.  When I arrived at the checkout and was met with a long line of carriages, the customer service attendant was all too happy to open up a new checkout line and ring my order.
<review# 991,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/3/2013,12/23/2013,37,66,6,6,5>I was fortunate enough to check this place out on their opening night, and happily acquired two great pieces of clothing for very little $$$. Its a nice, cozy and pretty snug spot, with a really cool vintage-y vibe, with an interesting assortment of pieces. Some pretty standard used items, H&M and such, but others that are real steals. I bought a fantastic wool blazer for under $20 that I receive compliments on every time I wear it. Staff is very helpful and gracious, decor is really cool - and be sure to check out the downstairs, there is a whole lotta loot to look at.
<review# 992,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/24/2013,12/22/2013,68,635,,7,1>Okay, I rarely if ever give 5 stars.  This place though is as good as it gets with regards to a Mexican Food style breakfast.  Coming from Texas, I was used to getting great breakfast at the local spot.  Having ventured outside the boarders, it has been very sparse pickings.  So imagine my surprise finding a joint like this in Rhode Island.So the place is a little difficult to find.  The address is correct but it is situated off the main road in the nook of where two other roads merge into Plainfield.  So look tor the spot that does not fit.  The parking is around back, but you may also have to find parking on the street because the place gets packed.  I have been there several times now and all but once had to wait a few minutes.They do serve the standard breakfast fare, pancakes, eggs, French toast, corned beef hash..., but it is there Mexican specialties that get to the 5 stars.  The rest is 3 to 4 star worthy.  So the word for the day boys and girls is 'Chilaquiles'.  Not going to tell you about it because you must go and experience.  Order it with the Eggs green or red sauce on the side.  Green sauce has the most heat.  Now this dish comes with chicken, but can be ordered with steak which is my preference.  I think that one is called Chillango.  Just an in store name.  There Caso Flamido is outstanding as well.So all I can say is you need to get there and get you some.
<review# 993,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/11/2013,12/21/2013,77,163,,3,4>Love this place! I come here and every time I get the dolmas platter. For $8 it comes with 6 grape leaves, salad, hummus, fresh pita bread, rice and tzaziki sauce. I usually can't finish it in one sitting so it is definitely worth the price. The staff is always friendly and they are open late every night. I haven't found better middle eastern food in Providence than East Side Pockets!
<review# 994,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/20/2013,12/20/2013,386,693,1,3,3>I don't know how many more five-star reviews I can give in PVD before I get flagged as an "unrecommended reviewer!" But seriously! What's the deal? Why are there so many wonderful places to eat and shop here? Are we all on drugs?Olive Del Mondo is a wonderland of olive oils and balsamic vinegars. It's the fantasy of a lowly canola oil. It's the truffle-flavored unicorn of the condiment world. It's just amazing. As you enter, you're greeted with no fewer than 6 rows of containers of oils and vinegars, all of which you can taste on your own - no judgment! - and find one or seven to your liking. I especially appreciate the descriptions and the ratings that tell you how bitter or fruity each olive oil is. The guy behind the counter (sorry I didn't get your name, but you're awesome!) was really helpful in answering all of my questions, and bottled me some really delicious Frantoio/Leccino extra virgin olive oil. At $16 for a 375ml bottle (medium-sized; they also have one small and one large), it's definitely not cheap, but really - with all the wannabe olive oils around, do you really wanna waste time with something that's not excellent? I was giddy to sample their white and black truffle oils (I thought I was gonna have to pay a surcharge or something, but no!), and hours and a meal later, I can really still taste it on my tongue, and it is so tasty! They have Maldon sea salts, black and pink salts from far away lands, tapenades, preserves, all sorts of fancy condiments that the high-class tongue can fathom. I am honestly going to come back here to do pretty much all of my holiday shopping.
<review# 995,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/9/2013,12/19/2013,84,176,,2,3>I'll admit I was skeptical when Jen E. suggested Chilangos after the most recent Elite event. I wasn't crazy about the neighborhood (still am not), and I had never heard of the place (definitely changed for the better). But, I went along because my friend really wanted Mexican.This is one time you should jump off the bridge when all your friends do. I loved Chilangos, and I will dare to say that it is my favorite source of Rhode Island Mexican food to date.Yes, the neighborhood is totally sketchy. Yeah, the place is tiny and a little bit sketchy on first glance as well. But, the staff is incredibly friendly -- assuring us to take our time even though the kitchen closed at 9 p.m. (we placed our orders around 8:45) and they closed at 9:30 (we were there until 10).The classic margarita is solid and will leave you with a bit of a buzz. The food is amazing. Everything was fresh, well-seasoned, cooked properly and presented immaculately. I loved having black refried beans instead of the classic, and my enchilada verdes was so good I wanted a second portion (feel free to sub the meat with anything on the menu; they will happily oblige). Everyone left full and happy, and promising to return.
<review# 996,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/15/2013,12/18/2013,52,188,2,3,2>Now this is a classy joint.Walking into Mill's, you immediately feel like you've walked into a first class dining experience. The decor is perfectly traditional and classic for a very traditional American fine dining menu.Though I like that they have a price fixe $29.95 three course dinner every night except Saturdays and holidays, I do wish they did something a little extra for restaurant week. Most of us do restaurant week because we feel like we're getting something special, and then we show up and realize that we're just getting what we could have gotten the rest of the year, and minus well have saved our restaurant week meal for a different venue.That being said, the food was truly delectable. Starting at the salad, the greens were perfectly fresh and crisp, tossed in a deliciously sweet and creamy house dressing. Super classic, super classy.I also got the pork risotto which was a wonderful mix of savory and melt-in-your-mouth goodness. The rice was creamy but not too creamy, and the texture was perfectly slow cooked without a mushy or over-cooked feel.Our table tried everything from pork to salmon to striped bass--all beautifully plated and well seared. Of all the options listed, I think the salmon plate was the most refined and well texturized. It was PERFECTLY seared salmon over a bed of spinach. Absolutely divine.The desserts were also fabulous, with the creme brulee being my favorite.The one thing I will say is lacking--there were no palate cleansers or freebies, and the bread was more of the dry/flat variety rather than the crispy/fluffy variety. I think this restaurant is fabulous, but it could have been one of the best with more attention to the extras and inbetweens.
<review# 997,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/22/2013,12/17/2013,38,64,2,5,3>It is so nice to welcome this new addition to the Broadway scene. As a clothing boutique on the street, it's a first!  It is evident that the merchandise is carefully selected to cater to sartorial tastes that are bold, whimsical, and eccentric. The prints on the tees and dresses are unique and adorable, the merchandise is priced fairly, and Lizzy's selection of accessories and costume jewelry are fun and fabulous!This fanciful store is definitely worth a gander during your Broadway stroll :)
<review# 998,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/23/2013,12/16/2013,44,52,,3,2>So here's the thing. I am not a vegan or even a vegetarian. But I do enjoy vegetarian food from time to time, and I have loved the Garden Grille for years.  So after a yoga class a few months ago, I decided to stop by for coffee and a scone.  They have a great range of vegan and and gluten-free options - and they are delicious!But nothing really was as awesome as the green smoothie I got after an evening yoga class when I stopped by with a friend.  I got a Berry Green smoothie, which is made with kale, spinach, parsley, bananas, blueberries, and strawberries.  It was delicious!  I also had a piece of pizza made with a bit of tomato sauce, balsamic, caramelized onions, and mushrooms.  The food here is fresh and healthy, as are the juices and smoothies.  Great coffee, and tasty treats.   Definitely a new favorite for you!
<review# 999,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/20/2013,12/15/2013,17,52,2,3,3>Like another reviewer, I'm a converted Paleo eater. But on some occasions I live a little. When I do, I eat very well! Figidini did not disappoint my taste buds! My husband and I had a pizza party tonight. We ordered the Fresh Ricotta which was just creamy deliciousness and the Marinara with sweet sausage, a tangy combo. The 11 inch pies are personal pizzas, Neapolitan style - think lots of  San Marzano tomatoes and Mozzarella cheese. Figidini cooks their pizza and everything else like their small plates in a wood fire, which we had a view of from our cozy seat for two. The restaurant is small, the service and overall ambiance is great for a date night but I'm not sure it would be a good place to bring a big crowd as seating is limited. The beautiful bar does provide extra seating though. As for the noise level, it's moderately loud - because your sitting so close to the next party. The four star is for the longer than average wait for the pizzas to come out. Next time I will order a small plate while I wait for the pizza.
<review# 1000,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/7/2011,4/29/2012,296,230,2,3,3>If you've never been to Bristol before, you need to stop in here for lunch and have the Bristolian wrap. I always manage to forget about this place when I visit, but the second I bite into that wrap it rekindles my pride in being a Bristol native. The Bristolian is a wrap served with fried calamari, hot banana peppers, mozzarella cheese and mixed greens with garlic mayo...and every bite is like heaven.I also really like the pizza, and if I just need a snack I'm known to grab a mac & cheese wrap from the kids menu.The service is always friendly, but sometimes slow, so make sure you've allotted plenty of time. I think it just takes long because they make EVERYTHING to order. It's definitely worth the wait.
<review# 1001,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/10/2012,4/28/2012,84,176,4,5,3>Since the age of 21 (ok, 20 if we're being honest), Yankee Spirits has been the local mecca for all things alcoholic, and it is still my go-to liquor store to this day (I won't mention how many years later).It is huge, so if you're looking for a quick in-and-out, you probably won't find it here, unless you've been a patron for the better part of a decade... ahem... Half of the store is devoted to wine. Global wine, sorted by aisle. You have your Italian and Spanish wines. New finds from Chile and Australia. And then there's the old standby Cali favorites. The prices are reasonable and usually clearly marked. Rotating featured wines have detailed explanation cards and staff picks. This is also the section that garners high marks for customer service. Any time I have spent more than five minutes in an aisle, someone has asked if I need help finding anything. Oh, and don't go anywhere near the first aisle, which holds the sparkling, on New Year's Eve; it's like walking into Times Square.Next there are three aisles of liquor and mixers and accessories. I'm dropping a star for this section as the past few times I have been, it has been under stocked. Granted, it was during the holidays.Finally, you have your double-wide beer aisle, in which I always find myself wandering aimlessly, fascinated by the variety. Of course there are the big names, but there are also beers I've never heard of, along with local favorites.Checking out always reminds me of a supermarket, but lines are usually managed well.I love my Mom and Pop liquor store down the street, but when I'm looking to really stock up, I head to Yankee Spirits.
<review# 1002,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/12/2011,4/27/2012,14,31,,4,2>How have I not reviewed the Fez yet? I have been a regular for years now, and I suppose I have taken it for granted.The Red Fez is in my "top 2" list for Providence restaurants, the other one being Julian's on Broadway. Highlights of the Fez:1. They cater to food allergies-- this is a particularly good place to go if you have a soy allergy.2. Price descrimination-- you can get a delicious grilled cheese made with local bread and cheese with fries for $7, or you can go all-out for one of their ~$20 specials (the best thing I ever had there was striped bass with a crispy skin served with kale over a rice cake in a flavorful chourico broth).3. Atmosphere-- dim, red lighting; antiques; mounted deer heads with party hats; pinball machine. I could spend hours in here just looking at all of the stuff they have on the walls.4. Bar-- get a Schlitz classic 60's formula for the hipster inside, or go for an american craft beer.5. Friendly-- some of the friendliest people around. You'll definitely feel at home here.
<review# 1003,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/30/2012,4/26/2012,40,40,6,10,5>Earlier this week I accepted a friend's offer of "a tiny trim" while she was at my house cutting the mister's hair (note: she is a wonderful friend and she does a wonderful job with his hair, I swear). I asked her for an eensy clean-up of my bangs and a little little bit off the rest of it 'cause I'm trying my damnedest to grow it out (I want mermaid hair like whoa). Unfortunately, my dear sweet friend cut a bit more than I'd asked (okay, a lot more). AKA, if I were the kind of person who cried about her hair I'd've been a mess. After re-surveying the cut the next morning I leapt over to Yelp for a recommendation of an amazing fixer-upper. Ky Michaels Salon had such promising reviews, so I took a chance and called. He said they'd be able to fit me in just two short days later and promised I'd be happy with the new cut. I suffered in silence for 48 hours (well, mostly silence. I have a feeling the mister would disagree - I miiiiight've whined a tiiiiiiny bit) until my appointment. It was a risk, I admit - going to a new salon, meeting a new stylist, maybe having to make small talk for the entire appointment (see my review of Revive Hair Studio in Boston) - but ultimately it paid off!The salon is lovely. Clean, comfortable, and classy. The very sweet stylist, Daniele Bartomioli, repaired all the damage quickly and expertly. She recommended that I adjust my part slightly until my poor, poor bangs grow back out a bit, which was an inspired suggestion. We had plenty to talk about 'cause this is Rhode Island and OF COURSE she went to high school with my little brother (gossip tiiiiiiiiiime!!!). Even though my hair's still shorter than I wanted it (not her fault!), I'm actually really into it now and I'm having an easier time letting go of my grief over losing months of mermaid-hair growth.Yet another awesome Yelp find. I'll return for my next cut, definitely.
<review# 1004,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/2/2012,4/25/2012,239,181,2,4,4>So my GF Kisha T and I decided to wander over to the PC area to hit up The Abbey. On the outside, The Abbey looks like a typical dive bar in the area but the inside has a nice pubby feel to it. But be prepared because this is all a massive disguise.The Abbey has the best burgers in Providence that I have ever had. Coupled with an excellent beer selection, these burgers are so good they are making my mouth water as I am typing this. The homemade sides also too really make the pub food here really really good.We also hit up wing night and their selection of wings was different but in a good way.After flipping through their gourmet burgers, I didn't see one that I didn't want. Trust me you really can't make a bad choice at The Abbey. I dare you to try.
<review# 1005,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/24/2012,4/24/2012,159,292,8,4,4>mmm. I'm sorry I didn't take a photo. Friday night, after a maxin' relaxin' oo-la-la-esque dining experience at the unparalleled Nick's on Broadway Josh says to me: "I want to take you to Pastiche for dessert." Even our waitress at Nick's was like, 'Oh Yeah - You GOTTA check out Pastiche. You've never been?! Oh DEFINITELY go there... mmm... and bring me back some lemon cheesecake!" Now, I'm not one for mixing citrus with my holy desserts... No... just simply NOT sinful enough. Not nearly... So hop on the ipony and we determine it's open, indeed, still open till 11pm - which, I might add... is pretty damn cool for little Rhody and a dessert shop(pe) only kinda thing. I dunno; it's Rhode Island! I expect things to close at EIGHT. I'll stop harping now. On to the place - COZY! Chic! Romantic! LIKE EATING IN A DOLLHOUSE! Something like that, really. A glass case stacked with various sugary niceties: cakes upon more cakes, like the Mad Hatter's tea in Alice in Wonderland. Vanilla vanilla, carrot cake, coconut cake, chocolate mousse cake, chocolate layer cake, tiramisu (esque) cake, pies, cookies, and hell probably even brownie-like shenanigans. But who cares about those? Oh, and I spotted homemade chocolate bars at the register. Again: who cares. I got a dainty little teapot of earl grey tea and Josh enjoyed a VERY cocoa-y hot chocolate with real pure fresh whipped cream melted and seeping on top. Totally dark and grainy almost, not milky or cloyingly sweet AT ALL. How do I know? C'mon guess guess - yeah! I had a sip. And that's it! We don't ingest solids after 9pm! Review over. NOT!!!!!! Not. Not - Ok. Ugh, feeling so crazy. Kind of feeling CAKE withdrawal while writing this... I'm wont to eat cake for breakfast a la what's that black dude's name? He's amazing? You know, the jell-o dude? The one with the TV show?? It's not Mr. Rogers.... ugh... CAKE FOR BREAKFAST! Mr. Huxtable, is that you....[?] But.. haha... I digress. Can you believe my doctor wouldn't give me drugs for Attention Deficit Disorder today?! Me neither. ME. FREAKIN. EITHER. NEITHER. Whatever. Ugh. Hate myself. BUT I LOOOOOOOVE CAKE.... And so hating yourself makes for this wonderful cake eating worthy type of scenario. It makes you FEEL BETTER ON THE INSIDE. CAKE. It's what's for breakfast. Lunch. And Dinner. In My Dreams! I like my dreams. Do you like my dreams? I like my dreams.... Waaaaay better than reality. Anyways - on to the cake, that is, if anyone is still out there? Are you reading? Are you with me? You are with me, ok. Here: Actually, I want to describe the mood now. The interior: Wooden, like I said it's like a dollhouse, in an old building overlooking some random highway aspect of Providence. Dare I say hidden - like a "gem" in the back alley of sketchy ass mafioso Federal Hill (WHUTUP PROVIDENCE - murdereras') Buddy Cianci was there, downing chocolate bars while his whole family ate various variations of Pastiche's chocolate cakes WITH THEIR BARE HANDS - it was NUTS. Bananas! Yo. Lots and lots of Asians too. I kid you not - Asian Americans LOVE their sweets. Just check out Little Korea town next time you're in manhattan! (Quick Tip: 6th ave near 34th/35th st best Korean bbq spots unless you want to hitup Queens) We each got our own pieces of cake -Oh yeah, and one more thing on the atmosphere - it was 10:30ish and lively, BUBBLY, warm and soft orange-y lighting. PERFECT for an INNOCENT date ya'll. Especially great if you're trying not to be drinking, with an alcoholic (like me! "Recovering") and in need of a sugar buzz that you'd normally get from....cocktails. My cake was an absolute delight. I went PURE and got a slice of VANILLA ON VANILLA and it WAS NOT TOO SWEET - It was as if the cake itself had been soaking overnight in some light fluffy vanilla milk. It was perfect. The frosting, as well, was perfect. It wasn't thick but the layers of cake were aplenty - about 4 layers I vaguely recall. So each bite hate that perfect ratio. The frosting was DIGNIFIED BUTTERCREAM AKA INCREDIBLY SMOOTH, SIMPLE, AND DENSE - NOT that much sweet to it, just a lot of butter melt and vanilla in your mouth. MMMMM it was good. I didn't eat it all (because I can control myself now, thanks to cutting out the evil weed) - so I got to eat the better (more frosting-ed) half for breakfast this morning. The only problem with eating your cake for breakfast is that genuinely - the rest of the day is just DOWN HILL from there. You cannot top a piece of cake like this, let alone in the morning. Not even with an Allie's Donut (sorry, Allie's - it's true) - sometimes you gotta class it up. And Pastiche is INDEED the way forward with that plan. CLASS IT UP, BITCHES' And enjoy your PASTICHE. PS - carrot cake is made with coconut which, according to our very knowledgable and helpful sweet server (pun intended! whaa) "Throws some folks off" - so if you're some kind of weird carrot cake purist - just be wary.
<review# 1006,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/5/2012,4/23/2012,70,106,,3,3>My favorite Vietnamese restaurant in New England which serves super tasty and authentic Vietnamese food! My must-haves: Scallion Pancakes, Pho and Bubble TeaScallion Pancakes: Skip the traditional spring roll and try this secret treat! The dough has a hint of sugar, slightly fried, and pairs SO well with their special dipping sauce. Its a generous appetizer that serves at least 2-3 people.Pho: Soup is always hot, noodles are soft with bite (not soggy or undercooked), and I love ordering it with sliced steak and meatballs. The sizes are S, L or XL. I also go for the L.Bubble tea: I love the fruity ones. Mango and passion fruit are delicious. Sometimes they are a little too sweet so they're perfect to drench down the hot spicy burning numbness from the pho. Pho horns doesn't disappoint. Staff is super friendly and always checks up on you. Stop by and get warmed up. Ambiance: Very simple with nothing spectacular but decor is certainly not the reason why I come here.** They don't take AMEX so have your VISA/cash ready! **
<review# 1007,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/2/2012,4/22/2012,53,70,4,5,4>Yes, it's vegetarian.  Yes, I love meats.  And yes, I eat here about once a week.I'm hooked on their tofu BLT.  So tasty, so flavorful, and so good I want one right now even though I just had lunch.  I wouldn't say it tastes like bacon, but its salty, crunchy, and smoky.  Better than bacon (please never take that out of context), it has no chewy fatty pieces or greasy parts.  It's just good!I've tried their pizzas, quesadillas, tofu entrees, and their cocktail list is really inspired.  Great place!
<review# 1008,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/28/2011,4/21/2012,193,262,5,3,2>Whooooooooa. Hellooo. El Rancho Grande es muuuuuy delicioso! - Did I even say that right? For all I know, I could be butchering the language. What I do* know is my taste buds don't lie and I love this place. I have been here a handful of times and I can't believe I haven't reviewed it yet!  If you want some real good Mexican food, this is the place. You might be taken aback by the location, but it's not that bad. There's only curb parking, but I never feel unsafe to park it on the street. If you're coming from Olneyville driving towards Cranston, you can see the big graffiti mural on the side of the building. This small restaurant has about 10-15 tables with a full kitchen and bar. They offer daily specials, which are ALWAYS amazingly and sometimes surprisingly yummy. The prices are reasonable, and the drinks are strong. *I recommend trying the Tamale Oaxaqueños... Happy nom nom, everyone!
<review# 1009,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/5/2011,4/20/2012,231,95,4,13,6>What can I say? I love my dog :) Two puppy facility reviews in two days? Oh well. With my family living all the way in South Texas, I tend to leave town for an extended period of two or three times a year. When a friend of mine bailed on puppy sitting last minute, I knew it was time to find a good place to board Rossi. Of course my first instinct is to call my vet and see who they recommended and it was The Barking Lot. Just to make sure, I called my fellow puppy owners to check and they all recommended The Barking Lot. The facility is relatively new and is very clean and welcoming to owners and pups alike. Rossi gets so excited every time I pull into the parking lot so I know she definitely loves going there. They always have someone on premises to watch and play with the dogs. A great thing that they do (which I'm sure a lot of other owners appreciate) is that if you 'like' their page on FB, they post pictures and videos of the dogs playing every day. Nothing like being able to check in at the end of the day while I'm away and see Rossi playing with the other dogs! The people that work here are also fantastic, they get along well with the dogs and have even taught me a few things about my dog. Again, like most pet boarding places, it can be a little steep in pricing but it's worth it to know that they take such good care of my crazy pup.
<review# 1010,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/25/2011,9/4/2011,202,333,5,5,6>You have to try this place if:1.  You love adorably named things.  Come on, "the duck and bunny" - why didn't I think of that?2.  You like cupcakes.  In my opinion they far outshine The Cupcakerie and Sweet Indulgences.  The chocolate thin mint is one of my personal favorites. 3.  You're always on the hunt for a great outdoor garden in which imbibing and noshing can commence.  Didn't even realize it existed until my "local" friends showed me the secret passage way.  Hopefully you'll find it too.
<review# 1011,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/7/2011,9/3/2011,40,75,,4,4>HOLY COW! This is the best ice cream I have ever had. I am not the owner, an employee, a family member. I'm not even from the Bristol area or a a long time loyalist to this shop.We recently spent the day at Colt State park and as we were heading home, we thought ice cream sounded like a good idea. I pulled out my phone and identified this as the closest spot. What luck!The ice cream was creamy and delicious. It was at the perfect temperature and consistency, maybe even a little on the soft side, which I LOVE. I had the coffee Oreo in a waffle cone and it was to die for.I wouldn't ordinarily consider reviewing an ice cream shop. I don't know, I guess I thought ice cream is ice cream. I've had good ice cream before, but this is great. Others coming close are Brickleys, Inside Scoop, and Sunshine Creamery...but Daily Scoop is in a class by itself. Plus, you're right on Thames in Bristol, which is a great spot to stroll around and the view is fantastic, with the water right across the street. GREAT. Just great.
<review# 1012,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/10/2011,9/2/2011,14,21,1,2,5>Stopped here one early afternoon for brunch.  It's a small place with lots of fun mismatched furniture and a very homey feel.  We were able to sit where we wanted and the server brought us menus while taking our drink order.  Service was slow but relaxed. The place was pretty busy and there was only one person serving and one person cooking.  My dining partner and I didn't have anywhere to be so we enjoyed the time together.Once the food arrived I forgot all about the lengthy wait.  I ordered The Local Monte and it was out of this world. The french toast was moist and crunchy.  The yolk of my egg dripped everywhere and the brown sugar bacon was cooked perfectly.  This meal was the perfect balance of sweet and salty, exactly what I need since I can never decide between sweet and savory for brunch!  The description said the meal came with "fruit hash" which turned out to be just cut up french peaches, but they actually went really well with the dish!Obviously if I'm rushing to meet somebody or to catch a plane, I might skip a meal here, but usually I'm out to sit and enjoy the experience so I will definitely be going back.
<review# 1013,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/7/2011,9/1/2011,27,126,10,4,7>Your journey begins by driving down Main St in Woonsocket. You'll pass empty storefront after empty storefront and, if you look close enough, no fewer than 3 hookers. Pull into one of the lots by this little hole in the wall and walk inside to an old school diner. While waiting in line you'll be packed elbow to elbow with other patrons as well as hovering over the meals of the folks who took up a seat too close to the register. There is a back room with plenty of seating, but for whatever reason, few seem to make it that far. Now, if you're me, you'll order 4 "all the way". You could choose to leave some ingredients off, but the hot dog, celery salt, mustard, onions, and meat sauce all bring something to the table and I don't think you're doing it right if you leave one out.Now comes the fun part; watching your dogs being made. First he'll whip out some hot dog buns that somehow manage to be both stale and soggy at the same time. Then he'll line them up and down his arm. I hear that there are new owners and that they now use gloves, but back in the day the owner of the place would put the buns directly onto his hairy, sweaty arms. It may sound gross, but true weiner aficianados will tell you that the arm sweat added a certain something. Next he'll uncover small hot dogs that are of an orangey/brownish color that you just can't find anywhere else. After the celery salt is sprinkled and mustard is applied the meat sauce will come out. I can't even begin to guess what is in that mystery sauce and chances are that I really don't want to know. Now that I think of it, that's probably why the onions go on last. They help to cover up the looks of the meat sauce so that you don't have to get too close of a look at it. Throw back your dogs and you will leave full. Granted it's not a satisfied, hearty lunch type of full. It's more of a "OH MY GOD, my poor stomach, what did I do to myself!?" type of full. Why would I tell such a horror story and yet still give this place 4 stars? Why do I return time and time again and make it a point to stop by for lunch if I'm in the area? Because the weiners here are damned tasty. They're not for the feint of heart (I'm serious, those with pre-existing heart conditions should order a burger if not just avoid the place all together), but the brave souls who are willing to step up to the counter are rewarded. Close your eyes if you have to, but do yourself a favor and give them a try
<review# 1014,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/2/2011,8/31/2011,22,72,2,5,5>Long Wharf Seafood isn't much to look at (it's just a fish market, after all) and I have never bought uncooked seafood from them, but their prepared food is delicious and CHEAP!  Not just cheap for newport, cheap for anywhere! Get the fried quahogs, they won't disappoint.  The fish and chips and clam cakes are great too.  I went on good Friday, and despite the fact that they were JAMMED, my food was ready in 10 minutes flat.  If you find yourself in Newport and don't have a ton of cash, check this place out!
<review# 1015,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/23/2011,8/30/2011,107,79,5,7,5>I cherish this restaurant.  As I live Fall River, it has become a favorite when the drive to Providence or Newport for fine dining seems too far.  It is conveniently located off route 138 and down a hill that affords an amazing view of Mount Hope Bay.  There is ample parking in the shadow of condominiums that have been built along the overlooking hillside.The outside dining area is fantastic.  There are two sides and the one with its own outdoor bar features a blue and yellow covering that reminds me of a Renaissance Faire.  There are retractable drapes for inclement weather.  The indoor area boasts Dutch casement windows that welcome the outdoors into the pleasant ambiance of the inner restaurant.  The table settings are upscale and the waitresses and bartenders have invariably been pleasant, helpful and humorous.  The service has always been top notch.  The quality of the food has always been exemplary.  The pricing is on the high end of the spectrum and I have found that some of the dishes can be on the skimpy side, leaving diners with vacant space in both belly and wallet - not a winning combination, but not an ubiquitous phenomena at the Boat House.Last night, my girlfriend and I ordered the Thai style mussels appetizer (order extra bread from the onset to sop up the delicious coconut curry broth) with a bottle of red from Côtes du Rhône.  She ordered the sirloin and it came to us with a buttery mashed potato, local pea greens, crispy onion strings and a dried cherry demi-glace.  I ordered a special, beef medallions with salmon.  Both dishes were phenomenal, though she remarked that parts of her meat were too rare for the specifications given.  I greedily removed the concerned pieces from her plate.  I have also enjoyed the scallops here in the past and feel that they deserve an honorable mention.  Dessert was a sort of chocolate pudding concoction with whipped cream and cinnamon adorning the top.  Two espresso martinis (they are to die for) completed our latest pleasurable experience at the Boat House.  We will return (once our bank accounts have regenerated sufficiently).
<review# 1016,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/29/2011,8/29/2011,70,481,,4,2>They have meat, lots of it. Stacked high in the case, you need to know what you're looking for. Nothing is labeled or priced, but when they load it onto the scale, you'll be floored at how cheap it is. This is not a place to necessarily load up on the filet mignon, but you can get most anything else. Nice folks run it, although if you don't speak Portuguese there might be a bit of a communication gap at the meat counter. Small parking area out back, but a great location south of Wayland Sq.
<review# 1017,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/28/2011,8/28/2011,151,439,,2,4>5 Words: Croque - Madame - at - the - bar.After strolling around Prov's Art District one bitter-cold winter's day, I came to the conclusion that the my chilled bones could do with une petit dose de francais, One of the only ways I can describe the atmosphere of this bistro is "Casual Swank;" I was comfortable in my jeans and sweater, but I could see coming here for a nice/quasi-formal dinner as well.  The atmosphere certainly reminded me of my days in Paris when my friends and I would be in search of good food (on the cheap) coupled with a great cocktail.  Rich woods coupled with warm lighting design and some vintage decor definitely takes me back....Le Beau and I split a Croque Madame (with sweet potato fries :: 10$) and a Grilled Pizza (avec spinach, goat cheese, roasted peppers and pancetta :: 11$).  This was enough to fill two HUNGRY adults AND still have 1/2 a pizza to take home.  The Croque Madame is quite possibly my favorite sandwich on the planet...and Bravo exceeded my expectations.  Perfect ratio of bread-to-cheese-to-meat, and both halves had its own over-easy egg perched on top.  HEAVEN!  The pizza was a surprise: thin crust and salty - I thought it was even more tasty on day two.  Et pour les boissons: I tried the Caipirinha (...I don't know how to pronounce it - but it was smooth, sweet and strong): Leblon Cachaca, simple syrup, and fresh lime.  Bravo's Dark 'n Stormy was one of the best I've ever been served - probably because they use Gosling products.  And our bartender was just as smooth - attentive, well-versed in the menu, and humorous.Will certainly be back - pour l'alimentaire - pour les boissons - pour 'l'amibiance fraincaise. *heart*
<review# 1018,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/14/2011,8/27/2011,51,144,,4,3>I'm thrilled that Rhode Island has finally caught on to the froyo craze and gotten itself a Pinkberry. Now I don't have to drive 45 minutes to Hingham just to sample its swirly goodness. It's safe to say that I'm obsessed with this stuff. The spotless shop has been open for six days and I've already made excuses to go to Garden City three out of those six days. It's definitely better than the other froyo spots on Thayer Street and worth the quick trip from Providence to Cranston. I love that they offer big containers to go so I can have my yogurt fix on days when I just don't feel like driving over there. I think the cone offering is relatively new, and I love that they fill the bottom with toppings before adding the yogurt on top. My favorite flavor is definitely watermelon right now, with the original coming in at a close second. Just a couple notes: the mango froyo machine has been broken all week. Not sure if it's fixed yet. Be prepared to wait in line, especially because it's still in its grand opening phase. The only annoying thing I've found is people who get to the counter and ask for a sample of every flavor, which causes a back up. For me, the wait is totally worth it! Also, make sure you get a rewards card. After you purchase ten cups of yogurt, you get a free small yogurt with toppings. Yay!
<review# 1019,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/23/2011,8/25/2011,315,240,3,2,4>Soma is truly a beautiful and bright studio to practice yoga in. I started my yoga practice in March 2010, and since then I've been coming weekly to this studio for classes. I love that most of the classes I've been to here have an emphasis for meditation as well as the physical practice. It really feels like a fresh breath of air in my daily life. Classes are inexpensive, but the only drawback is that as of late, there hasn't been many classes offered on the schedule and it seems to get smaller. On most days, there are only one-two classes offered daily. That is particularly hard to work around if you are on a rigid full time schedule and can only attend just morning or night classes. I hope that the studio will consider opening up to new teachers and more classes will be in the future. Workshops that I've attended here are fun, and Soma hosts them usually once a season. If you're in Newport, Soma is a great studio for all yogis and yoginis, whether you're a beginner or have been practicing for a long time.
<review# 1020,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/14/2013,8/31/2013,28,56,2,2,2>I am not a brow perfectionist. I mainly forget about mine until they look terrible. I do not give direction, nor do I really know what I am looking for when they show me their handiwork.  Still, Thread was everything I look for in a threading salon: priced right, super fast,.and (of course) that they do a great job. The location was clean and updated, and the ladies were lovely and did not insist on talking about nonsense while I am holding my eyelid. All in all, loved it!
<review# 1021,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/3/2013,8/30/2013,70,106,2,2,2>I want to buy everything there for my baby girl!I absolutely enjoy shopping at this store because it is organized, non-overwhelming, clean and chic. All of their products are thoughtfully displayed. They have everything you need for the perfect gift.Being a first-time mom, going to babies r us is a nightmare and is probably one of the most challenging tasks I have to do in my life. Coming to this store is night and day, it gives me peace and the staff is SO friendly and welcoming who makes you feel loved and cared for. When other moms come into the store with their babies, it's like the mom-community is there and everyone cheered and congratulated me as a new mom. I walked out the store feeling so encouraged, telling myself - I can do this!!Their products are high-end but there to last. Realistically, I won't be able to buy everything there for my baby, but I surely know where to go if I need to buy a gift. My favorite product: Laundry tote bag. It can stand up straight and it's the cutest laundry tote I have ever seen. When the kid gets older, it can become a storage bag for toys. Extremely cute with the squirrel but they also have a whale option. I love it so much I bought 2! :)
<review# 1022,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/28/2013,8/29/2013,78,67,3,5,3>Whaaaa? Stumbled on this place by accident--I came here for an art exhibit open house, and was temporarily super-confused!But yes, my friends, this is a furniture store, and a gorgeous one at that! Items are beautifully designed and beautifully displayed. I wanted to buy ALL the things, but alas, this is high-quality stuff, and the price tags reflect as much. Definitely on my list for that fateful day when I can graduate from Ikea and craigslist.In the meantime, there is indeed an art gallery hidden within, so if you hit it on the right day, you can sip a glass of wine, wander through the luxurious and cozy displays, and indulge in future-dream-home fantasies, like I did!
<review# 1023,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/8/2013,8/28/2013,47,156,2,3,2>Yup, still a huge fan of this place.  Honestly, I would get pizza here twice a week if my wallet and waistline could afford it.This is my go-to pizza place because I have never had a bad pizza here.  It is consistently excellent, and that makes me want to shout their praises from the rooftops.  I drool a bit when I see their logo--I won't lie to you.In addition to just have delicious crust and sauce options, they're also venturing into the brave new world of gluten free crust and vegan pizza.  I have not tried either of these options yet, but it warms the cockles of my heart to know that they make an effort to include people with less-than-mainstream food wants/needs.  Honestly, the main reason I started getting their pizza all the time is that they actually have vegetarian options!  Good ones!There's also the whole customer service thing, which is also excellent.  I've never gotten delivery because I can walk there, but the staff are courteous and prompt.  Plus, I love the online ordering because making phone calls is for suckers.I'm a Pizza Pie-Er Buyer, and I'm a huge fan.
<review# 1024,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/13/2013,8/27/2013,466,705,,4,4>This will more than likely become one of my go to places in Rhode Island. They have a large selection of ramen bowls and another popular dish that they have is the shabu shabu. What is shabu shabu you say? Well, let me explain.Basically shabu shabu is a large bowl of broth that is brought out for you that you heat up and bring to a boil. They also bring out meat and/or vegetables that you "cook" in the broth adding flavor to the soup and also allowing you to enjoy all the fresh meats and vegetables that they have to offer. Here you get to choose from a variety of broths from Kimchi to Pork. You can choose from a variety of meats and vegetables but we settled on the Ribeye and the pork shoulder which are both fattier and will add a lot of flavor to the soup. In addition to that, you get to choose a noodle to add as well. We prefer the vermicelli which is a crystal like glass noodle that goes great with this dish. The final soup when we were done cooking was flavorful and compares to what we find in Los Angeles. I recommend it!We're also big ramen fans as well. We chose the Duck Confit ramen which has a sweet soup base but was quite good. They also had a curry udon soup as well but I'll have to save that for another time. I hear they have fried ice cream which I will have to add to the list!Great service, nice parking lot to the side and not often very busy. This is  what I would consider a bit of a hidden gem but I encourage you all to try! A great place to go when it's cold to get warmed up!
<review# 1025,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/22/2013,8/26/2013,28,340,4,3,2>This is my favorite RI Blood Center location. They renovated it a couple of years ago so it's a very modern facility, parking is easy as they have their own coverage garage, the staff is friendly, and afterwards you can eat cookies and drink HFCS-filled fruit juices to your heart's content (I tend to stick to the Gatorade). I'm usually sick afterwards because I OD on the cookies; the actual blood donation itself is easy as pie and unless you have non-existent veins you should consider donating as it really does help to save lives.I do the double red cell donation which means they hook me up to a machine and just take the red blood cells instead of everything. It takes a bit longer but it's more useful to them and I have longer periods between donations. I'm also O- so I'm a universal king in the world of blood donations...a king!
<review# 1026,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/25/2013,8/25/2013,35,45,2,3,2>Came here for breakfast after hearing rave reviews from numerous people. Went around 10am on a Sunday morning. It was pretty empty when we entered, but by the time we left there was a wait... so definitely get there early!The food was awesome. Amazing french toast. Service was top notch, too. If you're looking for a new diner to try in Providence, this might just be the place for you.
<review# 1027,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/24/2013,8/24/2013,114,236,4,4,4>Hallelujah! The curse of the Dean St./Broadway corner revolving door of crappy restaurants has been lifted! Not to jinx but I have a feeling The Grange is not going anywhere. It is positively harmoniously lovely inside and out. "The lounge" area is like a cozy sun porch with bench swings, cookbooks, wooden board games, knicknacks and plants coming out of repurposed metal toolboxes. Winner design, even if much of the stuff and furniture isn't actually old but made to look shabby-chic... On this first visit to The Grange we just wanted to sample the vegetarian small plates all over and tried the pomme frites (aka FRIES), fried cauliflower in spectacular Indian spices, divine smoked gouda deviled eggs, korean seitan tacos and fried oyster mushroom po' boy on pretzel bread. Portions were not very big but I thought the prices were within reason. Though I didn't want any of those dishes to end... and maybe it's just a matter of what we chose to order (upon later reflection - a lot of fried stuff), but there was a certain "hominess" and love that was missing to the food compared to the dishes at Garden Grille. For cocktails, I did have a love affair my Mai Tai but the G+T - a gin with herbal infused tonic off the menu - was so. unfortunately. bad. Essence of melted Ricola cough drop that did nothing to enhance that delightful juniper berry flavor - and flat fizz. As slammed as the place was (on a Monday night!), service was excellent. Though perhaps a bit confusing having 3 or 4 different people come to the table at different times, we were given everything we needed. *Gasp* - an unexpected joiner slid in through the back door and went to pull up a chair at the 2-top right next us, seriously invading our personal dining bubble. The host was like a superhero, darting over to accommodate and make a little much needed space to help us out, even came by to check in personally a couple of times to make sure we were content. I love that guy. Will definitely return for some veggie love!
<review# 1028,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/15/2013,8/23/2013,36,74,3,5,3>YES YES YES!I have been looking for a fast and fresh-tasting wrap spot, and Boloco is IT!  You can customize any burrito/bowl/wrap you want, and I love that you have size options!My boyfriend and I stopped by Boloco on a whim after shopping. At first, the door was locked, and we walked away thinking the store was closed. The manager (or owner?) proceeded to run out the door, chase us down ,and apologize profusely for forgetting to unlock the door. It was not only a cute/funny move, but also very professional and courteous!We walked inside, and the store was clean, the decor was fun, and everything was rigged with up-to-date technology (automatic soda machine, computers to swipe your card and order). We ordered the Buffalo with chicken and the Teriyaki with steak.Ugh, I heart the Teriyaki soooo much. The steak inside had a nice grilled flavor and the meat was fresh fresh fresh. My boyfriend loved his Buffalo burrito because it had just the right amount of tang and spiciness. You have two new fans, Boloco!
<review# 1029,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,5/16/2013,8/22/2013,82,56,5,5,4>HUGE menu!  I lean epic novel length for menus!  I can't believe I have lived in PVD for 4 years and had yet to go here... it should be a crime, really.  When a date found out I hadn't he put a stop to that.  The only problem was that the menu was so long and I wanted so much but didn't really have time to process while being cute and charging. Things I discovered:- When you walk in, it would be crowded, go to cashier and put your name on the list.- It is BYOB... but don't be like the classless PC students gorging themselves and getting loud/wasted in the corner- keep it classy and drink in moderation.  The place is small and if you get even a little loud it is disrespectful. - Chix- no, steak... YES!
<review# 1030,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/19/2013,3/17/2014,26,41,2,8,3>I'd never been to a veggie restaurant before - but then again, I've only been a vegetarian for a couple months now.  Already looking forward to going back to the Garden Grille.Loved the appetizer: zucchini and chickpea fritters.  Kind of like a potato pancake, but with way more flavor.  It may sound gross at first blush, but just try the damn thing and you'll change your mind.I got the burrito, which was huge.  My taste-buds are heatseekers, so generally I think anything that begins with "burr" and ends with "ito" needs to be pickled in hot sauce, but this one was nicely flavorful with only a dab of the hot sauce that's sitting on every table.  I also like that I didn't feel bloated like a 1970s-era Elvis after I ate it.Our waiter was perfect.  Fast without hovering.  Friendly but not saccharine.One reason I don't sit down at restaurants as much these days is that the other patrons generally annoy me.  Usually they're loud college kids, or clueless middle-aged suburbanites.  The other patrons at the Garden Grille were quiet, courteous, and just did their own thing - like us.  Maybe because they're like-minded vegetarians/vegans, but whatever the case, GG gets points from me for not being flypaper.We had to wait for a while for a table, but we knew about the average wait beforehand.  Hey, people vote with their feet.Green Lentil & Quinoa Burger, I've got my eye on you.  Your days are numbered.
<review# 1031,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/2/2014,3/16/2014,58,158,2,5,3>Wanted to review this store because the sales ladies were really helpful without being pushy. For me, shopping for maternity clothes is a brand new experience, so it was helpful to have some friendly assistance. The prices here weren't outrageous. If you're confused about what Destination Maternity is in comparison with other brands from the website, it's Motherhood and A Pea in the Pod in the same store. I know PITP is pretty expensive so I kept to the Motherhood side and between their sale rack and a bogo sale, got three pairs of much needed pants for around 33 dollars each. I also got a free welcome bag with some good treats including a bottle and a 20 dollar shutterfly coupon! One slight annoyance was that the bogo sale was slightly different in the store than it was online (didn't include sale items in the store) but I wasn't too bothered by it (because I reaaally needed some pants immediately!) I wouldn't hesitate to go back to this location, especially because of the great service.
<review# 1032,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/27/2013,3/15/2014,3,40,5,7,6>We went here on a whim after another restaurant was closed, and we were getting dinner on a budget. This place was not only affordable, but also delicious and filling. I had the arugula pizza and I cannot wait to go back and probably not try anything new because I'm already in love with this pizza. The decor was really nice and it was a nice quiet little spot that wasn't too busy. Can't wait to go back.
<review# 1033,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/15/2013,3/14/2014,48,138,2,7,3>You know that out of body experience you get when you have an outstanding meal or experience service at a new level?  Yeah, that happened.I came here on a Monday after checking yelp because my normal go-to salon wasn't open.  We walked in late morning and there was two women getting their nails done.   I selected my nail color and settled into the massage chair for my mani-pedi.*commence dream state*I got the best massage and pedi I ever received.  Seriously.  It felt like a dream.  Next, my hands were dipped in paraffin and my maincure was done.  I love, love, LOVE the shape (really natural, but professional) and I still can't believe how soft my feet and hands are.Bravo!(one star point deduction-  the polish selection was not the best; some employees (not mine) seemed a little...off?)
<review# 1034,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/31/2014,3/13/2014,60,193,4,6,5>Tried last night for the first time... best pizza I've had in a long time.I usually hate the thick, doughy pizza but this was awesome. The crust was crispy on the bottom, gooey to the sweet and light sauce and loaded with cheese. Not to mention, the large could feed a small army. Definitely my new pizza place of choice, when I've had too much Bob & Timmy's
<review# 1035,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/3/2013,3/12/2014,29,73,,9,3>Last night I ordered from Yoo again. FANTASTIC. I used their online ordering process that allows you to pay online, or when you pick up.Right after I placed my order I headed to Yoo to pick up--I only live a few streets away. My order was ready for me right when I walked in the door! Perfect!I chose the Paradise Roll and the salmon, cucumber and avocado roll. The paradise roll was AMAZING. It had spicy crunchy tuna inside with tuna, salmon and avocado on top. I can't even explain how good it was. I didn't want it to end. Like, I might even order it again today. It was so good. I can't believe it took me this long to go back! I can't wait to return!
<review# 1036,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/16/2013,3/11/2014,44,266,3,6,5>I stopped in on my lunchbreak one day. As mentioned in previous reviews.. I rate grilled cheese's pretty harshly. They are a staple food item in my diet, and it's also pretty hard (yet many people still do) to mess it up. I researched the best Grilled Cheese places in providence, and decided UMelt was the place to go.Just browsing the website makes my eyes water and my mouth melt. It's only been in my dreams that these flavors, combinations, and possibilities existed.. as a grilled cheese. 10's of 10's of choices and combo deals... coming here is essential to having a good day, a full belly and a great lunch.I went with the original, on wheat bread with cheese. It was the perfect proportion of cheese to bread, the perfect amount melted, and not cooked too long or too short. I got a side of mac and cheese, which is almost better then my mom's (don't tell her) homemade recipe. Considering it was lunch, it was very crowded.. yet I didn't wait more than 5-7 minutes. The employees were super friendly, had a funny catch phrase, and all seemed to be best friends. It made it fun to people watch while I waited. Just writing this makes me want to experience this in my mouth right now. There are so many sandwiches that I need to go back in try.  Make a good choice today, do a good deed to yourself. It will literally make you melt.
<review# 1037,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/26/2013,3/10/2014,171,187,3,10,5>We were treated to a night of martinis and Citron manicures at a Yelp Elite event last week; it was a wonderful introduction to the spa, its services and its staff. Delighted with the results of my "express" mani, I wasted no time in booking a Citron Pedicure just four days later. Extra points to a place that has the online booking process all figured out; it was so easy to log onto Citron's web site and see a listing of services, including each individual staff member's name and her available times. When you arrive, you are treated to a beverage of your choice: citrus-infused water, various flavors of tea, white or red wine, a mimosa--all are complimentary. There's a light-filled relaxation room with a big picture window that looks out on Wayland Avenue, where you can await your appointment, or relax afterwards, while nibbling on some homemade treats whipped up by salon owner Christina's mom. Christina has an impressive pedigree: many years of experience working as an esthetician on Newbury Street in Boston means she's a seasoned pro, used to working with discerning customers in a swank location. She almost looks too young to boast so many years of experience! I attribute that to her magical skincare powers as an accomplished esthetician, and hope that some of her collected wisdom might eventually be passed on to me. The fact that Wayland Square's now home to a salon boasting Back Bay credentials, is definitely exciting. It's taken a long time to find the ideal place to pamper my peds; I think I've finally found it, in this welcoming, modern space that is very "Zen" in appearance: it's designed for total exhalation of the outside world, all cool cucumber green, white and dark wood (everyone, release a collective "aaahhhh"). The day was blustery and cold, so it felt especially wonderful to dip my feet into a warm, fragrant tub and enjoy a Citron pedicure with Dawn, who did a terrific job. The array of colors from which you can choose is outstanding! The adjoining nail bar, located in the same room, is so cute; it would be an especially fun way to spend an hour with a couple of girlfriends, chatting happily side by side while you all get freshly varnished together. There are also massage and skin care treatment rooms, which look very calming. The spa offers two massage therapists, a male and a female. There is a fantastic array of products for sale as well. If you're pleased with your service (as I was), it pays to book your next appointment then and there, during the checkout process. If you do, you'll receive a 10% discount off your next service! Ever the planner, I did just that; and I'm already daydreaming about punchy polish colors and how great that pedicure is going to feel, on what is sure to be an even colder January day. Later that day, the spa sent me a note of thanks in the form of a shout-out Tweet: such a caring, added touch of customer appreciation!
<review# 1038,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/3/2014,3/9/2014,9,65,2,4,3>I LOVE this place! So cute and friendly, oh wait .., maybe that was our waitress! By far some of the best wings EVA!! I really like the Spicy Tai Peanut, my husband loved the BuffbBBQ. We planned on having sandwiches but it was .35 cent wing night, what more can I say, 25 wings later, oink oink!We will definitely be back! Johnston location next time, maybe their 80's night??
<review# 1039,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/17/2014,3/8/2014,23,75,4,6,5>You should just get in your car and go. Today. Right now...really...Just got lunch here with my lady. General consensus seems to be that this place has the best wings and well...I agree. Here's the low down. Wings are $8 for 7 pieces, one sauce. You can get an order of 7, 14, 24 or 50, bone-in or out. You can get one sauce per 7 or 14, two sauces per 24 or 50, no sauce w/dry rubs, no sauce with any sauce you'd like at $.50 per sauce on the side. My gf got an order of three 7 piece boneless wings. Someone had said these were the best boneless wings? They ain't lyin. The boneless were awesome and my only regret is that I didn't get them. Actually my other regret was that I got the brown sugar and maple syrup (aka pour some sugar on me). It was too sweet for me, but Rachael loved them. Moving on, Rachael ordered the mild buffalo (welcome to the jungle), strawberry teriyaki (strawberry fields forever) and buffalo ranch (down on the farm). I ordered the brown sugar and medium buffalo (hard to handle). Rachael's favorite was the strawberry. And I'm just going to put this out there, idk what they put in it, but this is some of the best buffalo sauce I have ever had. And my favorite sauce was the buffalo ranch. Sooo good. I even got some to go to pour on my maple sugar wings. I am now wondering if they sell their buffalo ranch because I would buy it...Bone-in wings were super crunchy and cooked perfectly, but I enjoyed my gfs boneless better because they're not lame round stupid boneless balls. The place was very clean and rock n roll. Our waiter Tom was very attentive and it made for a joyful experience. We went for lunch on a Thursday, not crowded at all which we very much enjoyed. 5% off if you check in via yelp and I sooo used it. What a great phenomena: they don't also charge you for dipping sauces. How nice. Would have loved them to come with carrots and celery, but it doesn't. We also ordered the steak and cheese egg rolls, which come on, who doesn't want a fried steak and cheese? It came with BBQ sauce and we enjoyed them. It was about $6 for 4 pieces. Soda is $2, free refills. They also offer beer and a few specials.Overall, love this place. A tad on the pricey side, so this is more of a treat vs being a regular. There isn't a parking lot? You have to park on the street. So worth the trip. Go try this place. I'd say I'd be back if I weren't moving. But I still might go back...
<review# 1040,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/28/2011,7/2/2011,6,176,2,4,4>The Scürvy Dög is located in the former home of The Green Bar. The Green Bar closed before I began to venture to the west side of town, but from what I hear from Scürvy Dög patrons and other locals, Green Bar was a very different place; a hot spot for those into drug deals and bar fights. About three years ago Terry, Brendan, and Jaime came along and cleaned the place up, gave it a fresh coat of paint (red and black this time), and opened the Scürvy Dög.Arrive early (before about 9:30) and you can likely find a seat at the bar where Terry or Brendan are often serving drinks and conversing with the regulars. They both will take note of faces they see come back again and again and do an excellent job making everyone feel at home. Now that summer is here, you can find the Poco Loco taco truck in the parking lot a few nights a week serving food throughout the night (very good food I might add). Most of the normal patrons are a mix of west side hipsters and punks dressed to go to a Black Flag show though everyone is welcome. -- A Black Flag show? -- Yes, the Scürvy Dög is a punk rock bar with a soundtrack and decor to match. Stay long enough and you'll eventually hear a classic punk rock anthem come through the stereo as the guy next to you sings along. The decor includes posters from old Misfits and Iggy Pop tours that have come though Providence, a lot of skulls, and a lot of Elvis and Marilyn Monroe memorabilia. I'm sure The Scürvy Dög's beer prices probably aren't the cheapest in the city but they're very reasonable with $2.50 tallboys of PBR and 'Ganset up to about $9 for 22oz bottles of Pretty Things' Baby Tree and Jack D'Or. The draft selections are nearly as varied as the bottles ranging form big brewery light beer to BBC Coffeehaus Porter, and Alagash White. Despite the building's matchbox size, they managed to fit a pool table in the bar that you can play for free before 9:00 every night. Overall, the Scürvy Dög is a great little punk rock dive bar on the west side. I highly encourage you to go down by yourself or with a few friends, grab some tacos from the truck in the parking lot, play some pool, listen to some Descendants, Vandals, and Black Flag until last call, and have a great time.
<review# 1041,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/17/2011,7/1/2011,323,390,2,3,3>Thrift stores are usually at the mercy of who brings in donations so I would like to thank the person who decided to dump their perfectly nice, TOPSHOP dresses off at this location. Please keep doing it. :D This location is really great. Very clean and organized. Sometimes I go into other shops and it literally looks like a bomb has exploded. This place is not like that at all. The store is very large and well lit, plus there is plenty of parking. There is also a community donation center right beside the location.
<review# 1042,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/15/2011,6/30/2011,242,444,3,4,2>It's been about a year and a half that I've been frequenting Hot Club. . . and I love it!  Most times, it is first and foremost in my mind when thinking of places to relax and grab a drink with good friends.  No matter the season or occasion, Hot Club can be host to a multitude of situations.  To name a few. . . . dates, Yelp meetups!, happy hours, birthdays, late nights, chilling with friends, winter warmup stations, the list goes on.Now that spring has sprung, the large deck with its extensive seating and outdoor bar has been calling my name.  My mind drifts to warm breezes, bare arms and legs soaking up the sun's rays, water lapping against the docks, a cold beer in hand, and relaxing while eventually watching a beautiful sunset with gorgeous views of the Providence skyline.  I prefer going before the sunsets this time of year. . . the bar and deck can get a bit crowded as the night progresses.Thinking back to the winter months, though it may be surprising to some, Hot Club is quite cozy and enjoyable.  The windows are sealed, the heat is on, and white Christmas lights are hung all about.  It's never crowded and its an enjoyable respite from the biting New England cold.  No matter the time of year, Hot Club serves a good drink.  There's always deals on PBRs and 'Gansetts (making it really easy to buy a round for the group!). . . mixed drinks are reasonable.  They have a small kitchen, and while I've never ordered from there, friends who have seem to love it!  My only gripe?  The bathroom is tiny!  On a busy night it makes it very difficult to use.  I'd appreciate a bigger mirror in there as well instead of one with beer logos all over it.
<review# 1043,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/8/2011,6/29/2011,202,333,5,4,4>Oh Spikes - I love you.  I didn't know you existed outside of Davis Square, but I'm so happy you do.  Your burgers are delicious and I love the salt you use on your fries.  You and Lulu can come over anytime.6*s for the complimentary sink you provide in the dining room so my paws  can be nice and clean for finger food5*s for the food (even though you forgot the cheese on my Juicy Jersey)4*s for service while I waited with your back turned as two of you took a phone callI will visit again soon.
<review# 1044,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/5/2010,6/28/2011,4,141,5,6,5>Mea Culpa New England Yelpers that I've kept these details from you for too many years....I'll try to add those snippets here that augment what others have already given you. First--both Daily Scoop ice cream locations---Bristol (nearby) and Barrington (visible on the NE side) are on this path...I could stop there and you'd be blissful. Second--it's popular and crowded at times--especially sunny afternoons. The hardcore cyclist need frequent reminders it's not a private route or Deathrace 2000 out there. Likewise the walkers shouldn't get too distracted by the scenery or their conversations--even two abreast is a no-no. REMEMBER It's a two-way Bike path, but if you can move it on a paved surface it should be OK---great for rollerblades and long-distance skateboards. Third--scenery changes frequently. it goes from neighborhood to woods to stripmall to bayside and back again. Fourth--there are good eats at various price points along the way....too many to list them in order south to north, but then I'll most likely come back and edit for the "best of summer bike ride" experiences. Fifth--easy, free, safe parking. This is not to be discounted. Even the brave and dedicated do not cycle across the Mt. Hope Bridge, so you've got to have easy access that's cheap. (PS--given our state's governor and legislators, they'll probably put in meters as soon as they read this.) As Freddy said, "Get on your bikes and ride...."
<review# 1045,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/29/2010,6/27/2011,194,1607,32,30,28>I love a good boofay Contrary to popular belief I love boofays not because of the quantity of food but because of the variety of different food. I would much rather have a small portion of many things than one big lump of one single thing. Makes gluttony much more interesting. Another thing about boofays that is you get to look at what you are about to eat. Ordering off a menu is iffy. A good menu writer can make a well used cat box sound great but at a boofay you can actually look at what you are about to shove into your mouth. One of the best things about a good boofay is that you don't have to wait. I know some people love to hang around restaurants forever, socializing and relaxing. I go to just eat because they are always other places I would rather be. At a boofay you can just go and get the food yourself, which is great. I hate having someone serving me food and asking me if I want more and how the food is, how I am and lots of other meaningless questions that require that I come up with appropriate answers. I would rather just handle it all myself without someone fawning over me. Of course even with all their advantages, some boofays still manage to suck. Cold food, dirty environment, and poor selection are just some of the typical problems. China Buffet is an example of a how a good boofay should operate. They have a great selection, including two types of kraken and other seafood as well the usual Chinese items, all hot, fresh and extremely tasty. No mushy and overcooked veggies and no unidentifiable putrescent things that look like they've been hanging around putrefying for weeks. One special thing that separates China Buffet from lesser boofays is the sushi bar. Not just nasty looking lumps of gangrenous dead fish improvidently tossed out on a plate. Here they have a special sushi chef that will take your order and make you fresh sushi anyway you want it. Pretty cool. There are lots of boofays in the world but not that many really good ones. China Buffet is one of the very best I have been to in this area. I love a really good boofay.
<review# 1046,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/14/2010,6/26/2011,94,272,,4,4>Back when I used to chow down on various meat products, Walt's was a weekend must during my Friday shopping frenzies.There's just something about their steamy, piping hot, buttered sesame seed buns, their well done, melt-in-your-mouth roast beef and incredibly fresh, crispy & thick french fries that I oh-so adore.  While their throwback interior may not be much in the way of modern sheik, it 'don't bother me one bit 'cause I'd be beasting it all the way.  (*Waltspeak; 'beast it' = upsize for a mountain of deliciousness.)  Fridays they service fish and chips while they also offer a relatively diverse menu if beef doesn't hit the spot.  For vegetarians, their grilled cheese is also equally wonderful.  When I stopped eating meat I made it a habit to order this as a combo.Service is always prompt and friendly enough: even during the busiest moments of rush hour, I've never had to wait more than five minutes or so for my order.  The interior may not be the most glam or impressive but it's otherwise clean and comfy.  Malt vinegar for all.Walt's is super chill and has been one of my fav lunch spots for years.
<review# 1047,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/21/2011,6/25/2011,70,481,2,4,4>We greatly enjoyed our first dinner last night at Haruki East! We arrived on the early side and were glad we did...the place was packed by 6:30! On a Wednesday! Our server, I'll call her Miss Lady, seated us without a lot of fanfare. Indeed, if I can fault Haruki on anything, it's that Miss Lady, while very nice, didn't do much to go above and beyond serving the food. We went from being seated to the drink order to "Are you ready to order" in about a minute and a half. No, no, no...I want specials, suggestions, upselling, secret menu items. Work it, girl! Alas, no.  But she was very nice.We began with a salmon tartar that was to die for, as well as some nigiri. We then went insane and ordered a couple of rolls and a sushi/sashimi platter. Oh Em Gee, so much food but so worth it! Salmon was melt in your mouth, chutoro was excellent, and the Wayland Roll was deelish. In total, the quality of the fish is far superior to any sushi restaurant I've found in New England. The best part was the price. Tons of sushi and drinks for two was just under $100. Great food, good atmosphere overall. We really had a good time! The only suggestion I can make to Haruki is to bump up the quality of service just a tad and we'd have dining excellence. I will surely be back! 4.519 stars.
<review# 1048,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/23/2011,6/24/2011,27,126,,5,6>I've always been a Stop and Shop kinda guy just because they're everywhere. They're more convenient just because no matter where you are, there's one nearby. But their produce section has always been pretty subpar and I've just had too many instances of their meat going bad within a couple of days of buying it. So recently we decided to switch. Because of Dave's reputation of being a little pricey we made a trip to S&S to buy our cereals, frozen foods, canned goods, and such. We figured we'd go to Dave's to get our meat and produce. I brougth my S&S receipt with me to check the prices and I was surprised with how comparable Dave's was. There were a few items that Dave's was more expensive, but most of the prices were within pennies of eachother. It was hardly even worth making trips to two different stores. The meat and produce is a little more expensive, but boy is it worth it. We just finished off one of the best Sunday dinners we've had in a long time thanks to a high quality sirloin roast (at only $4 a pound). The meat we've picked up there has been top notch and the produce always fresh. They also sell a lot of local products and with buying local being all the rage, that's a big plus. Dave's prepared food section is usually a big draw for me. Whenever I'm in Warwick, North Kingstown, or East Greenwich I like to stop at one of their locations for lunch. If there is a knock on the Cumberland location it's that their prepared foods section doesn't compare to the others. The hot foods section typically doesn't have a lot of selection and I don't believe they have a salad bar (I could be wrong and I'll have to double check next time I go in, but I don't think they have one). But that's a small knock on a place that I'll gladly keep returning to for my groceries.
<review# 1049,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/3/2011,6/23/2011,51,144,5,6,5>I came here solely (ha!) based on the reviews on Yelp, and I was very pleased. I brought in a new pair of boots that needed some work done on the heel and leather around the ankle. I wasn't sure if they understood exactly what I was asking them to fix (I didn't really know how to fully describe it), but I felt comfortable that they were good at their craft. I took a deep breath and handed over my new favorite pair of shoes and received a receipt to return in five days. I realize that 5 days is pretty good turnaround, but it seemed to take forever! I was so anxious to have them that I ventured out in the ice yesterday afternoon and skated through the door to reclaim my boots. I was handed a plastic bag with my goods and told that it would be $8. Wow! It seemed like such a reasonable price to pay to have shoes that fit like a glove! Sadly, I failed to notice the sign that said "$15 minimum credit card charge". I didn't have a single dollar on me. No worries, it was my lucky day! The extremely nice gentleman behind the counter swiped my card for the $8 anyway and told me to bring cash next time. Wayland Square Shoe Repair gets five stars for fantastic customer service and for taking my rambling, incoherent description of what was wrong with my boots and solving the problem beyond my expectations. I can't wait to use them again!
<review# 1050,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/14/2012,6/9/2012,23,78,5,5,4>This place is located in the shittiest looking strip-mall you've ever ignored as you drove quickly past. Seriously, I only noticed it because I had to go get my blood drawn at a neighboring Quest Diagnostics, and the sweet scent of butter cream frosting drew my attention. Don't let the skeevy exterior fool you, thar be delicious treats in that ugly facade.  They have a wide assortment of delicious home-made cupcakes, all of which are quite tasty. The place is also an ol' timey candy shop with self-service candy scoopers and everything. And on top of all that - they have ice cream too. Sweet indulgence, indeed!Be warned - if you get there towards closing time, they typically only have a couple cupcakes left because the good citizens of Warwick have absconded with them throughout the day.
<review# 1051,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/24/2012,6/8/2012,493,313,2,5,2>Pure unadulterated awesomeness.Recently I was in Wakefield at lunchtime and thought at little authentic cuisine might be a nice change of pace from the usual salad. I was correct. I had a really really really good burrito: The Ranchero:  Chicken, Cheddar & Jack Cheese, Mexican Rice, Black Beans, Ranch Dressing, BBQ Sauce   $7.50. Large. Fresh. Tasty. Boo-freaking-yah!Picked up a Taco Salad: Lettuce, Tomatoes, Rice, Beans, Corn Chips, Home Made Salsa, Cheddar and Jack Cheese, Sour Cream and Guacamole      $6.25 (Added Chicken for a total price of $7.25).Do yourself a favor and give it a try - definitely a casual lunch kind of place. Not a realy sit down dinner spot and it is BYOB. But for lunch, hell yeah.EL Fuego, I shall return.
<review# 1052,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/19/2012,6/7/2012,23,55,4,2,2>Ugly American is an apt description for how you will feel after you eat here, no doubt.That being said, holy sh*t, it was good. Fried pickles, chocolate covered bacon, and a really good burger. The prices were so incredibly cheap that I thought the burger would be a lot smaller than it was, and we ended up ordering too much food. I had every intention of eating the wings, but it was just not meant to be.I had the burger with bleu cheese and onions (forget the name) and it was great. I didn't notice any frozen tastes, but I don't think I am sensitive to that to begin with. The fried pickles are spears, slices, and the occasional banana pepper. There isn't too much batter, and almost tastes tempura-like.Much like that one awkward time in college, the chocolate-covered bacon was a rebellious experience that I had to try just to get it out of my system. It was good, a strange consistency, but overall I'm just glad to say that I did it, and probably won't ever do it again.I don't know that I would go to this place if I didn't get my hair done at the (AMAZING - see previous review) salon next door, but I do look forward to post-haircut takeout every 5 weeks.
<review# 1053,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/22/2011,6/6/2012,261,199,3,8,5>Ok I'm about to get real about this place. It is HOT as hell inside but let me just say the people that work there are the nicest group of men EVER. I don't know how they do it in there without AC but whatever they are doing is working. They remember you, stop + make sure to chat + even remember what you like to order + just how you like it. Service like this is hard to come by. The food is delicious... sandwiches are yummie, pizzas are fantastic...a little pricey but sooo good + salads are GIANT. I am always greeted with a huge hello when I walk in!! There is little parking lot in front for quick drop ins--- you can also sit outside at the bistro chairs + tables outside (only seats 4).  You can't go wrong here people. It is right in the middle of the neighborhood so if you live close by just take a walk!If you like to feel like you are walking into a friends kitchen + eat delicious food... this is your kind of place.
<review# 1054,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/5/2012,6/5/2012,91,84,,8,>I went to the Dorrance this past weekend with a group of friends for the Frank Sinara cover event.  It was a GREAT time.  From start to finish the whole experience was outstanding.The band they had was pretty great, we all got dressed up in suits and ties... we danced and had a great time.Our server David was great, knowledgable and provded attentive, gracious service for the entirety of the night.  His menu and cocktail recommendations were spot on, we enjoyed everything we tried.A few highlights:-The bluefish pate from the appetizer called "Grilled Breads" - to die for-The fluke - probably the last thing i would have ordered but we shared between 4 of us - it was outstanding-The pork - beautiful fat cap on the outside crisped up just right - i could eat it 10 more times-The jonah crab app - delicious and delicate-The butter - salted and whipped to perfectionCocktails of note:I LOVE the Mezteca - its essentially a killer margarita.The james bond martini.
<review# 1055,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/17/2012,6/4/2012,81,361,,3,3>A wealth of knowledge = staff that works at The Farmer's Daughter when it comes to annuals, perennials, fruit trees, shrubbery.  A female owned and operated business, I have never experienced more pleasant staff.  With that being said, this is a bustling place.  Sometimes you have to really look around for help on peak times.  The pre-made baskets are gorgeous -- especially around Mother's Day.  They make salad bowls too -- an assortment of lettuces in a shallow bowls.  Or you can buy plants by the flat.  And then there's the shrubbery.  Mulch and soil are also available.  You will undoubtedly find wonderful options for landscaping or for your vegetable garden.  I especially love that there are green wagons to pull around with your wares in them.  There is pick-your-own raspberries in season and vegetables (mainly heirloom) available in season too.  The staff also offers a variety of mini-classes and a butterfly garden that is available for parties.  In the winter holiday season, you can get a christmas tree or wreaths varying from the clean and simple to the ornate.  Dedicated to open space preservation - I just love all that The Farmer's Daughter is about.  Only negative is that it is a bit on the expensive side.
<review# 1056,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/26/2012,6/3/2012,92,185,2,4,2>In a word: YUM!Now, I'll start off by saying we came here for the first time with a Groupon in hand, which got us over half off what we would have normally paid.  Therefore, our meal of epic proportions would have been highly unlikely if it had been at the normal restaurant price.First, the atmosphere:  We sat in the downstairs bar area, which had gorgeous stone walls, exposed beam ceilings, and an entire wall of wine bottles.  We were seated at the first table near the door, which made us a little bit worried that we might feel the cold drafts from outside each time the door was opened, but thankfully they did a very good job of keeping the warm in and the cold out!Second, the service:  Our waitress was pleasant, although she seemed a bit rehearsed and didn't make much of an attempt at conversing with us.  She was very nice and attentive, and got our entire order correct, so she scores full points anyway.  The gentleman who was helping her by clearing plates and refilling water glasses was extremely friendly and played along very well with our joking.Third, and most important, the food:  Ohhh my gosh was it delicious!  Three out of four of us ordered the seafood chowder, which was loaded up with clams, scallops, shrimp, and lobster, and was just plain delicious!  Boyfriend ordered the tomato bique, which I tasted, and was also very good.... but no comparison to the chowder!  For the second course, the other three at the table ordered the lobster popover.  I'd had a long debate with myself whether to also order the popover, or go with my all-time favorite food: gnocchi.  I went with the gnocchi so I wouldn't be left forever wondering if it could have been the best gnocchi of my life, and the boyfriend promised I could try his lobster popover.  The gnocchi was extremely delicious... sweet potato gnocchi with braised short ribs; perfectly melt-in-your-mouth soft and delicious.   However, I have to admit that I was pretty jealous of the lobster popovers!  I had some of my boyfriend's, and it was fantastic!  Next time, I will have to just have the lobster popover and the gnocchi as my full meal!All four of us ordered the filet (medium rare) as our entree.  The steak was delicious, and it was served with some of the creamiest, most flavorful mashed potatoes I've  had.  Despite having already eaten two courses and bread, we each cleaned our plates!For dessert, we each ordered the creme brulee, which was also dynamite!  Cool and creamy on the bottom, and warm and crunchy on top.  Just. Awesome.Add to all of this the fact that we each got an included glass of beer or wine, and it was also 1/2 price bottle of wine night, and we left as four very well-fed and well-wined happy customers!The next time we're looking for a fancy date night, we will definitely consider returning to Dewolf!  We'll likely be spending a bit more (or eating less) without the half-off Groupon and wine deal, but I think if we were to go back on a warm summer day and sit outside by the water, it just might be worth the extra price!
<review# 1057,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/5/2011,6/2/2012,48,138,,3,2>Absolutely the best bar in Providence.  Hands down.  Classy without being pretentious, The Avery attracts quite a mix of people.  I had a couple of mixed drinks off the cocktail menu (yeah, I'm THAT girl) and they were amazing.  AMAZING.  And the bartender was just so sweet- you can tell that she loves her job.  We had a great time.In case you didn't know, I am a West Side girl, and The Avery embodies everything I love about it:  hip but with a soul.
<review# 1058,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/19/2011,6/1/2012,119,223,2,3,4>So FINALLY I was able to try out the infamous Cook & Brown. Seriously... if the CM for Yelp Providence has eaten here 31 times, I HAD to be missing out on something special. C & B has been on my PVD restaurant bucket list for quite some time now. My former dining buddy came to visit this weekend so I was quick to take the opportunity to try out something new. We lucky got the the one and free table in the place which was oddly placed alone in the middle of the floor beside the kitchen door, but whatever, it was a saturday night and we had no reservations. I mulled over the cocktail list for at least 10 minutes or so before deciding on the Aviation (or Aviator?) This was a small cocktail that packed a big punch! We were happy to receive soem bread and butter which looked like it was from Seven Stars. Their bread is always good, but it was a bit tough so it would have been nice if it came out warm. Choosing apps and entrees was even more of a challenge for me, because as always I wanted to try everything I could. I opted for two apps versus one entree so that I was able to sample two delicious items. - mushroom duxelle tart with brussel sprout salad and the sald cod fritters. The tart had delicious flaky pastry, beautifully cooked mushroom and a slow cooked egg. I loved the creaminess of the egg and I think there was some smoky or earthy flavor in there, maybe truffle? Regardless, it was delish!! The fritters were an amazing play on the classic portuguese dish, with panko breadcrumbs and a spicy dipping sauce. We were headed out to a party so we passed on a second cocktail or dessert. I have to say my palate was intrigued enough that I will have to revisit for more creative concoctions. Thanks Hiliary for the very strong recommendation!!
<review# 1059,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/8/2011,5/30/2012,55,117,4,3,1>Ume is an newly opened Asian Buffet. I'm not usually a fan of a buffets beacause I have poor self control and eyes much larger than my stomach. I was excited about Ume because they have all you can eat sushi and I like to pretend rice doesn't have calories when it is wrapped around raw fish.The food varies in quality, but there is a lot of it. All you can eat - Sushi, Chinese food, desert, ice cream, shell fish (Lobster on weekends) hibachi and more for less than $20. You can easily eat your money's worth. If you go with my father, he will consume enough food to feed a family of four for a week. The sushi isn't as glamorous as a dedicated sushi restaurant, but you have a large variety of cooked and uncooked rolls as well as a large selection of Sashimi. It is also freshly prepared by chefs right in front of you so you don't have to worry that your California roll spent a few hours on the rotating belt.  The hibachi consists of a variety of meats and vegetables - just like you would see at any Japanese restaurant. The Chinese food appeared to be a weak link, but I generally dislike chicken so I wouldn't take my word on it's quality. The best and brightest gem in this restaurant was the seafood. They had oysters and clams on the half shell, crab legs and lobster. You do have to wait in line for the lobster if it is a busy Friday night, but the unabashed can have several. This is a great restaurant if you are hungry, on a budget or a shell fish lover. It is certainly much less expensive than eating on the beach and conveniently located right before the entrance to 78. If you are visiting Westerly's beaches, you might want to stop by for dinner isntead of spending 3 hours in traffic on your way to 95. For those of you who aren't driving, the alcohol is reasonably priced. (3-4$ a beer and 4-6$ a glass of wine)  I wouldn't go here on a date, but that's just me. I prefer to stuff my face and ignore calories with my wonderful nonjudgmental girlfriends.
<review# 1060,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/8/2012,8/9/2012,25,99,,5,3>Lasagna or lasagne. . . that is the question!  I tend to spell it with an "a" at the end, but I have no idea which one is technically correct!Moving on, I am determined to cross things off of my local foodie bucket list, so this week, I finally swung by Rhode Island's best (and only I think) vegan bakery Wildflour, in order to check out their prepared foods case with hopes that they had some of their famous raw lasagna in stock.According to something I read on Facebook, it seems like their raw lasagna often sells out, and that people call ahead to put a piece aside for themselves!  I knew there was a pretty good possibility I could be out of luck in my attempt to secure a slice!Fortunately, when I arrived, the small refrigerated food case was well-stocked with their famous raw lasagna!  I grabbed two containers, which each contained a large piece of lasagna over greens.At first, I assumed I would just devour the whole slice for lunch, but when I opened it, I realized just how huge the piece was!  However, since it was mostly raw-veggie based, I realized I couldn't technically compare portion sizes of traditional cheesy lasagna to what may be an appropriate serving of this raw lasagna.Based on some internet research, here's what I believe the layers consist of:  herbed brazil nut cheese, raw zucchini slices, raw tomato sauce, raw arugula pesto, and repeat!I decided to cut it in half after all- the piece was extremely huge!  I served it along with some chopped daikon and cucumbers for a light but filling lunch!Now just because the lasagna was gorgeous, it doesn't necessarily mean it tasted amazing right?  No, wrong- it definitely tasted exactly like your favorite, traditional cheese lasagna- maybe better!  I cannot believe how thin the zucchini slices were- they were a perfect substitute for regular pasta lasagna noodles.  Texturally, they were ideal because they were so thin, they didn't require much "chew," just liked standard lasagna noodles.  If you told me the "cheeze" layer was ricotta, I would believe you.  I think anyone would believe it was ricotta- it was creamy, flavorful, and rich.  The pesto and sauce layers too were perfect replications of their non-raw, non-vegan counterparts.  I am so impressed with this lasagna, that next time, I am going to get some for the husband too, because I know he would enjoy it just as much as if I brought home a greasy, cheesy piece of standard lasagna.Thank you Wildflour, for making fancy raw food so delicious. . . and so convenient!  I doubt I have the drive to construct such a lasagna myself, as it seems pretty labor intensive.  I am so lucky to have Wildflour so close by and do all the work for me!
<review# 1061,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/9/2012,8/8/2012,44,172,1,4,3>A 45-minute wait for a table at 2pm?  Okay - I've heard this place is good - but come on...  So like sardines we stood a line or two back from the bar somehow managing to get in the way of every server or other guest, (sorry by the way).  We thought about waiting outside, but it was still a bit too cool this particular day, so ordered a few drinks, without too much hassle, at the bar.Almost precisely three-quarters of an hour later we were seated, and the plate of oysters we had delayed-ordered and watched shucked by some very nimble hands at the bar was brought directly to our table.  Heavenly.  Those little suckers (blue point and another variety I can't recall at the moment) were worth standing for close to an hour.  Luckily, not everyone in our party is a fan, just meaning more for us.The the orders went around and almost all of our 5 were in with lobster rolls.  And what a lobster roll this was - almost no mayonnaise packed full of chunks of sweet lobster claw and tail meat, on the perfectly simple grilled roll.  Take or leave the fries, I didn't have the room for them anyway.Our server was nice with German-like efficiency - not one to join in the banter or encourage you to draw out your food and conversation, however I couldn't say she rushed us out either.  I get it though, I had just been one of the vultures standing around less than an hour before wishing for it to be my turn.I hope to return - and it will have to be by land (and you will valet whether you like it or not - sorry), as the dock entrance is fit only for day cruisers without much up top (low bridge to navigate).  I wish they took reservations, but I suppose it won't be too bad waiting around in the sunshine on the deck once the weather warms up.  And now, I am dreaming of oysters once again.
<review# 1062,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/7/2012,8/7/2012,65,137,7,9,4>Want a fancy, fine-dining, white table linen experience? Don't go to Mike's Kitchen. Want kicka$$, delicious Italian food, with the added benefit of awesome people watching? Get to Mike's Kitchen ASAP.The servers are crazy busy, so just relax, they'll get to you. When they do, order yourself some house chianti, rabes, meatballs, calamari, polenta, veal parm, and undo the the top button on your jeans.Seriously, the food is plentiful, hearty and yummy. There's something for absolutely everyone on the menu. And I love the atmosphere. It's in the freaking VFW. I can't stand using cheesy sayings like this, but Mike's Kitchen is truly a diamond in the rough.Make sure you bring cash! If they took cards, I'd five-star the eff out of this place.
<review# 1063,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/8/2012,8/6/2012,81,227,,7,5>The German American Cultural Society (or German Club as its often called) is the type of fraternal order that most of our parents and grandparents belonged to. In fact, my parents went to dances at the German Club on Saturday nights back in the 60s. The upstairs of the club is a large meeting/banquet hall. The Rathskeller downstairs is usually where the action is. It's open to the public on Friday nights, and over the last two years or so it's gone from just being populated by a handful of old timers to being a popular hangout for 20 and 30 somethings, especially those that appreciate good German beer.A big part of the appeal of the German club is that it is not like a typical bar or club most of us experience. It's brightly lit, there's plenty of seating, and aside from the accordion man there's no music you have to shout over. If you've ever been in an Elks, Knights of Columbus or similar hall, you probably know the type of place. There's a very friendly vibe to the German  Club. It's one of the few places I've truly seen a diverse mix of people in Providence (and by diverse I don't mean moped people and scooter people at the same place). You have folks ranging from their 20s to their 70s and possibly above. You have crowds of hipsters, middle aged beer lovers, and occasional families. You have people with German accents singing drinking songs with the accordion man. You have, essentially, a truer cross-section of Pawtucket than you'll find almost anywhere else. If you've never been, you owe it to yourself to visit the German Club some Friday night. just make sure you bring cash.
<review# 1064,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/9/2012,8/5/2012,110,169,2,2,1>This place is a true gem. Where else can you get a reasonably priced manicure and pedicure, complete with a foot massage, hand massage, and neck/back massage for no extra cost?? They even give you a paraffin treatment as part of the manicure!! Most of the employees are male, but don't let them fool you - they are pros!! I highly recommend this place and will definitely be going back.
<review# 1065,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/15/2012,8/4/2012,31,120,,8,4>I've been to PCA weekly since early February.  I love it! I leave feeling very relaxed and  at peace, which is exactly what I am looking for at this time.  I have been to more "boutique" type acupuncture places, but the cost at those places killed my budget! Not so at PCA, they offer a sliding scale, no questions asked. So now I can actually go for treatment more often and I bring my husband too, without destroying my finances!  The space is quiet, relaxing, and inviting.  There is gentle music playing in the background.  You are given the choice between a fleece blanket or a covering with silks to keep you cozy as you drift off.  Your acupuncturist  will generally ask if you need to leave by a certain time, so they can wake you if you doze off.  We are very pleased.
<review# 1066,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/5/2012,8/3/2012,35,88,1,6,2>I'm not yet sure if our carpenter ant problem is solved, but I am impressed with the service we've received thus far.  A carpenter and problem showed up at our house inspection before we purchased it last summer.  The previous owner had Terminex come out to take care of it.  This spring, the ants came back.  We called Terminex to ask about a warranty, and they had no record of it.  Also, when you call Terminex, you are calling a national number and have to go through a phone tree; who knows who you are talking to (the person could be in AZ for all we know).  I liked from the start that when you call the Big Blue Bug you get a person.  No automated phone tree...a person.  Also, the receptionist found a record for termite treatment on our home from 1974.  One, it was good to know there was a termite problem in the home's past, and two, I was impressed they had the record and was able to share it with me.  In addition, their prices (both the initial treatment and yearly warranty fees) beat out Terminex.  An inspector came to check out the areas we have ants, explained a few options, and explained what would happen when they came to treat.  He didn't pressure us into ordering extra services, although he did explain other services.  He left us information so we could discuss the options and call back later with our choice and to schedule service.  The service man came out on time, and we had no problems.
<review# 1067,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/12/2012,8/2/2012,77,163,,5,4>Really, it is as good as it gets.I'm going to try my best to put my experience into words although the whole time I found myself speechless.It was a Friday night, my boyfriend and I made reservations for 8pm. We walked in and were promptly greeted by the friendly hostess. She asked our names, took our jackets and seated us. We got this lovely little booth that was set up romantically with a candle and pillows on the seats. Love it!Our server came out quickly, greeted us and told us about the menu. We decided on the prefix for $35 pp. For an appetizer, I got the Local potato soup which was poured table side. So delicious. My boyfriend got the slow poached zephyr farm egg, also delicious. For our entrees, I got the crescent farms duck breast which was cooked medium rare and came with this impeccable foie gras-confit ravioli. This was my first time trying duck and it was amazing... cooked to perfection. For his entree, he got the giannone chicken ballotine. Very yummy, cooked perfectly. For dessert, I got the vanilla bean creme brulee and he got a s'mores tart. Both were amazing.Over all, this place was great! The portions were perfect. We got to sample some chef tastings in between each course which was nice. Service A+ Food A++ I will definitely come back again.
<review# 1068,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/11/2012,8/1/2012,53,195,,5,4>From the 5 other people waiting outside at 5:55 p.m. for Flan y Ajo to open, to the free pinball, to the sweet wooden holsters that held our BYO wine, to the food, I cannot WAIT to return to Flan y Ajo.  We loved everything we ate, and the bill for 3 ended up at 70 dollars after rounds and rounds of food.My favorites were: the Patatas Bravas, cheese plate, boquerones, the sauteed mushrooms. The cod dumplings were also good.My only wish is that they had brought bread by more often, but the three folks at the tapas bar are working hard for their money every night.  The atmosphere is wonderful; I felt transported to Europe and did not want to leave, even though we stayed for close to 3 hours.
<review# 1069,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/15/2012,7/31/2012,59,112,,4,2>I had the misfortune of transporting piles of freshly picked pumpkins one weekend in October and along with that a spilled soy sauce bottle in my Mazda 5.  Needless to say my car reeked like no tomorrow and it seemed critters have all but seeped into every inch of my car orifice.In my search for a decent car detail, I came across Paivas.  At first It didn't look like much as it was off the main road near TF Green airport and in the middle of a big parking lot it shared with the Thifty rental company, but after searching around for reviews and comparing different places, this place was the answer to my woes.  After talking with Bill the owner, he was able to put me in early Wednesday and as an added plus, he even gave me a ride to work all the way from Warwick to Johnston.  Dropped off the car right before they opened and ordered the full vehicle reconditioning.  As soon as work got out I arrived back at the shop to an almost brand new car just the way it looked when I first bought it.  The car had the new car smell and everything was glossy and polished.  I couldn't believe it.A job well done and I was put at ease by Bill as he explained his dedication and attention to detail with his work.  He also stated that he has honest, responsible workers which he ensures that any valuables found in the car will be handled with care and returned to the owner.  Highly recommended and I may make this a yearly part of my maintenance in keeping my car looking like new.
<review# 1070,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/24/2011,6/30/2012,76,44,2,5,3>Okay, so this is probably the longest review (more along the lines of an essay) I have written thus far on Yelp. If you're in a hurry cut to the last lines and you'll pretty much get the gist of it. Otherwise I would recommend reading through for the whole background story, it will probably either encourage you or discourage you to give this place a shot.  So, I found this place out just like how I find my other salons, restaurants, and hangouts-- through wonderful ol' Groupon. This particular groupon they were holding was one for $35 for $75 worth of salon services. ***Starting off w/ the bad; my one and only complaint was when I had called the salon to schedule an appointment and I waited at least 2 hours or more and they never called me back (although they said they would) even to reschedule--as a matter of fact I had to call to find out. Whether intentional or forgotten, I felt that some someone should have at least had the courtesy to inform me or told me sooner. Prior to that I had been keeping in contact w/ them via email, was ecstatic to be coming to the salon because they have been so helpful... But w/ this little incident it almost kinda tainted some of the expectations I had. My actual appointment was scheduled on a weekday. For some reason I had trouble finding this salon, I took public transportation and I got all sorts of lost. My appointment was in the afternoon and I knew I wasn't going to make it, I had talked to the stylist there named Judy on the phone to reschedule and she was more than happy to the next day. A little disappointed I wasn't going to get my hair done that day I was at the point of calling it a day; however having a little determination left in me I decided to give it one more try in finding this place and frankly, I'm glad I did. W/ all that being said, Outdo Hair Studio gets bonus points w/ me for popping in on an unexpected visit, it didn't seem too busy that day but they could have very well been a prissy salon and shooed me off-- but they didn't. So kudos for caring about your customers. ***The salon itself is rather small, w/ two shops combined to make one. There was a good amount of staff on duty w/ a few customers coming in while I was there. Overall a pretty pleasant day. I have to talk a little about the stylist that was taking care of me because I believe she is worth mentioning. Judy, has got to be one of the best stylists I have ever been to and I haven't had too many good experiences out of the many salon experiences. She's a person that knows good customer service, and not only that but knows exactly what she's doing.(A quick background on my hair, being dyed a few months prior from virgin black hair.) I had asked for highlights for a more summer appropriate look and she discussed the process that was involved; that first she would have to dye my hair (rather tone down the brassiness, a common effect from the sun's oxidation), then go through and put in highlights. (being careful to add less while keeping in mind that we can always go back and add more in later) The coloring time wasn't too bad, I had a Cosmopolitan to keep me entertained the whole way through and w/ the salon being on the slower side I didn't feel rushed at all. I should mention that I was originally there for just a retouch and new highlights, but Judy convinced me for a trim. So with the outcome of the hair color I have to be entirely honest, I was somewhat pleased and uncertain about it at the same time. (if there is an emotion for that?) I felt that she had given me the right color for what worked exactly for me, however I came in and thought of going bolder than what was given, so therefore I pretty much left thinking in my head that maybe it just takes some time seeing myself like this and maybe I made a wise choice w/ subtle rather than dramatic. With that being said, the new cut/color did grow on me and in no time the compliments came pouring in. And furthermore I'm really glad I didn't opt for an "in-your-face" color instead!***To end this, I would have to say it was an overall positive salon experience w/ Outdo Hair Studio-- I will try them again someday and would advise anyone to consider. (Kudos to you if you have read it this far) ;)
<review# 1071,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/24/2012,6/29/2012,83,170,3,8,4>This place is as close to Nirvana as I've ever gotten. 1. Incredible beer selection. Simply fantastic, and it rotates on what seems like a daily basis. Check out "first chance" for the new offerings and keep an eye on "last chances" as well. If I'm not mistaken, this place used to be called "first and last" a million years ago. 2. Good service. I'm a regular, but the bartenders and waitstaff treat everyone in a really respectful and friendly manner.3. Free soup until 3pm every day. NeedISayMore? Come ON. 3a. Delicious corn muffins as well. 4. Food is surprisingly good and creative for an Irish pub. 5. BUCKET mimosas and bloody marys for their weekend brunches. 6. Affordable. 7. Completely unpretentious. Good local place. 8. New outdoor deck. Is it summer yet? 9. Very knowledgable staff...these people know their beer. 10. Did I mention the free soup?
<review# 1072,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/6/2012,6/28/2012,40,75,4,9,3>With my newly-minted Elite '12 credentials in mind, I was feeling Yelp-y and visited the brand new Sangria's in downtown Attleboro tonight. It was great. Sangria's bills itself as "tapas & wine" but also had a healthy amount of entrees beyond tapas and a pretty cool cocktail menu. I'm fairly sure this was their first weekend open and I was impressed with how smoothly things are going. It was busy but not hectic, and the food was all around very well prepared and came out quickly. The ambiance was excellent. It's a really nicely re-done old building. The bar was gorgeous. Great lighting, cool backsplash, very...get this...hip. Not "hip for Attleboro". Just plain hip. A nice change of pace. The menu was large. It was a little overwhelming.  It's mainly Portuguese and Portuguese-inspired, with some Spanish mixed in. Most of the dish names are in Portuguese...which was tough for me...but the waiter was very helpful. We decided to go with entrees instead of tapas. We got a cheese platter as an app. The cheese was very good. We were playing the usual game of "guess that cheese" and we asked the waiter what the cheeses were. Turned out they were all Portuguese cheeses, but he/we couldn't get it straight which ones were which. Oh well. He was young and new and unfamiliar with everything on the massive menu. He tried. Definite A+ for effort. The negative on the cheese tray was that while it had some of the usual accouterments, the crackers were obviously Pepperidge Farm. I'd suggest they upgrade that. The cheese is great...why ruin it with butterfly crackers? It's an easy fix. Still a B+ on the cheese platter.Our meals were good. She had a garlic/wine pork tenderloin that was very tender and served on a fresh Portuguese sweet roll and served with hand cut fries. Yummy. I had a seafood special which was tilapia topped with prosciutto, gorgonzola, and walnuts, over a pineapple/coconut/jalapeno rice and some sort of wine reduction sauce. It was very good. We both had a glass of Sangria...a red and a white. Both were very good. We didn't have room for dessert, but we were offered port wine as a digestif on the house, which was a nice touch.The prices were reasonable, ranging from very low to fairly high. Her sandwich- $7, my special- $22 (I was a little surprised, but whatever...I just probably would have gotten the $25 paella that I chose to avoid this time...oh well).So great to see another new restaurant in this area. Sangria's is serving interesting food, has a really cool atmosphere, and gets bonus points for actually being ready to roll with a busy crowd on their first big weekend! Good work, Sangria's. I look forward to returning.
<review# 1073,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/25/2012,6/27/2012,28,56,,5,3>Have I not written a review of D&B?  For shame!  With a pretty robust menu of salads, sandwiches, crepes and more, there is plenty to choose from.  I tend to stay within my favored Duck & Bunny tasty zone - fantastic cocktails (the Bubbly Mary, for example, is awesome.  It tastes like a bloody mary, except with no vodka) and truffle fries (I mean - what part of french fries + truffle oil + light sprinkling of cheese doesn't sound great?).  Aside from the food, their space is cute.  it can feel cozy (read: cramped) when there are huge groups, but I happen to think that works well during the winter.  In the summer, the huge outdoor deck is both unexpected and awesome. From the photos on their site, I expected a weenie three seated patio. Instead I was greeted with a charming backyard space, complete with good-for-groups bench areas that looked quite comfortable and less 'formal' than tables.  On the less positive side - I don't love love their cupcakes.  Blasphemy, I know, but I find them to be a little too sweet.  Similarly, while I always seem to find something that I want, I did bring a friend who was not as open minded...she just wanted bread, for example, and was a little annoyed that they don't offer that option.  Their finger foods are also slightly expensive even when shared among groups.  Lastly,  any place called a 'snuggery' will attract a certain type of client. The first time I went, for example, there was a gaggle of girls (yes - a gaggle!) celebrating a birthday.  My hubs and I were trying to have a romantic date night and the shrieking was a little distracting.  Every other time, though, it's been relatively quiet and relaxing.
<review# 1074,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/11/2012,6/26/2012,91,416,,2,3>The RISD library is an interesting pairing of old and new, and it seems to work. The large spacious room is filled with decadent columns, archways and an ornate ceiling. The modern touches include new mac computers flanking either side of the check out desk and a raised study space in the center of the room with space like cubicles underneath.  Depending on whether you're in the mood for a cafe, cave, birds eye, or window view, there is a study space in this library for you. While I'm not a RISD student, thus don't check out any books, this library draws me in to browse, study, or write yelp reviews
<review# 1075,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/4/2011,6/24/2012,44,75,2,3,1>Reviewing Firehouse Hot dogs is a tricky task... as every time I have ever been there has been a late night, just left the bar at 2 AM... want to eat bad food sort of adventure.. and let me tell you... at 2 AM it hits the spot... doing its work of sopping up all that excess alcohol.. and easing the hang over that is surely to come the next day.After checking out a band at Escada, which is in the same plaza, I wandered over to grab a late night snack... not inebriated.  And I was pleasantly surprised.  The wieners were damn good...  like easily good competition for NY System.  They also have regular  dogs, chili dogs, burgers, fries and a awesome Delmonico steak sandwich.. so good..  So definitely do not let the appearance of this little red shack on the edge of a parking lot in Johnston, or the parade of fist pumping, Ed Hardy shirt waring crowds disuade you..  Firehouse does the job of a great late night snack.. in the Johnston/North Providence area.
<review# 1076,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/28/2011,6/23/2012,118,260,1,4,3>I love Churrascaria!! This area of the state is a hotbed for Portuguese food. Each place is unique and amazing! You simply cannot go wrong! However, Churrascaria gets my vote for the atmosphere. The place is incredibly charming. It's welcoming, well-lit and brightly decorated. The staff is excellent, friendly and courteous. They are just as excited for you to try their delicious food as you are to eat it.The food is heavenly. I've never seen portions as big as these. And every dish is well-flavored and authentic (at least, that's what my Portuguese friends tell me). Make sure you try the sangria on your next visit. One of the best in the area and available in several varieties.Delicious!
<review# 1077,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/5/2012,6/22/2012,26,185,,9,3>Ok, I will admit that I'm basing this update on the fact that the owner reached out to me and invited us back to try them again, stating that since our previous visit they have a new chef and have implemented some changes.I have to say we were quite pleased with our dining experience there last night. . .  yes, the parking lot is still tiny (and to those who say parking on the street isn't a problem, they've probably never had their car hit or mirror knocked off. . . trust me, I know of what I speak), but we were able to get a spot this time.  Anyway, the owner greeted us when we arrived and checked on us throughout the meal to make sure everything was going well.  He seemed to do this with almost every party that came in, which was very nice to see.  He seemed very energetic and enthusiastic, and most of all, sincere in making sure that every guest was having a pleasant experience.We started with the crab cakes, which were pretty much all shredded crab meat with little filler.  I generally prefer lump crab cakes, but I couldn't find anything to complain about in regards to their taste at all.  For entrees, my wife had the "Mount Hope Seafood" which was a ton of shellfish (lobster, shrimp, scallops) in a cream sauce over puff pastry, while I had the "Deconstructed Beef Wellington".  We both enjoyed our entrees immensely.  Very flavorful and well executed.  Dinner came with a salad (love it when salads are included), which were pretty standard but nice and fresh, and a starch (mashed potatoes, rice, or fries) and veg (green beans last night).For dessert we had beignets with vanilla ice cream. . . yumm-o!Oh yeah, drinks were definitely not on the short pour side last night.Service again was efficient, professional, and friendly.I really wish we lived closer to this place.  The owner seems to have really made strides in cuisine and overall presentation since we were there last year.  We will definitely go back at some point though.
<review# 1078,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/17/2012,6/21/2012,151,439,4,5,2>Ha'cha'chaaaaa  Ha'cha'chaaaaaa!  A hot little lunch spot for West PVD workers - but get there early....the little place fills up fast!  Contemporary chill - tall, tin-clad ceilings, glistening tile, and minimalist furnishings make up the main dining space (even if you choose to catch a seat at the bar out front, you'll still be privy to catch a glimpse of the clink and clatter of diners through the open space across).  Even the bathroom is a tall, slim dream of modern materials.  Already drooling from ambiance-overload, my friend and I perused the detailed menu of gourmet goodies.Listen...it is HARD to find a good tofu sandwich (yes, even in this town).  Most fortunately, lunch at Nick's yielded not ONE veggie/tofu delight...but FOUR (and even more yummy veggie plates to nom on).  My selection de jour: Herb-crusted tofu with roasted peppers, black olive, baby spinach and Crystal Brook Farm goat cheese on top of scrumptious pesto-toast (8 buckaroonies) with a side of veggies - *choir of angels sing in tune*  - It was absolutely amazing - and large in size (I had to take half home!).  My only complaint was the strange greasiness of the toast (but that could just be the oil from the pesto - and certainly no reason to not indulge in a heavenly sandwich).   Looking for something a little lighter? - how about sautéed summer vegetables w/2 poached eggs & grilled bread, or lighter still: house-baked granola, fresh fruit & yogurt parfait (only 5$).For you hardcore omnivores: never fear, Nick's has a breakfast plate that will knock you back in your seat a squealing "uncle."  The special of the day boasted a plate teaming with: 2 eggs, bacon, two (thick!) pieces of toast, heaping mound of homefries, grilled Italian rosemary ham, and veggies!  *phew*  Their menu also features the likes of Hereford beef burgers with naturally smoked bacon, as well as a bbq  pulled pork sandwich with caramelized onions and cheddar.  It's a "His&Her" dream - I get my tofu, he gets his bacon!I was surprised by the age span represenin' at Nick's for lunch this last Thursday; from 20-75 (pretty impressive for not being a trolley diner).  And I was absolutely thrilled to discover that Nick's supports local growers (link on website shows you the producers they participate with).  Equally thrilling was the friendly (but not overwhelmingly so) service - smiles, information, laughter, and professionalism.  Lunch prices are (in my opinion) a little steep to be a workweek favorite, but considering the flavor, ambiance, and that Nick's commits to locally-grown...I can certainly justify the occasional treat.  Absolutely delicious.
<review# 1079,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/21/2012,6/20/2012,85,139,13,4,9>A lot of crappy reviews for this place. May the lords of the emerald isle smite you with potato wedged swords!This place is fantastic. I walk in and I hear a fiddly diddy playing over the speakers. The whole atmosphere is tall dark wooded ancient irish forest. I felt like I was on a leprechaun slave ship sailing across the seas of famine on a rainbow of crying irish eyes.No I'm not tripping. But seriously, place looked cool. The music that caught my interest led me around the corner to find a group (This is true btw) of 8 people with fiddles legit playing irish music. Age range from 10-65 in the group. They were amazing! I don't know what the hell was going on but the ambiance was great!Move into the next room and find an open bar and plenty of seating for the large group I'm with. We order our beverages from a nice woman with an irish lilt in her voice.The reason this place gets 5 stars instead of 4 is (everything after this sentence is alleged and may or may not of happened, feel free to message me if you're the manager to edit it out)They went above and beyond! It was a Sunday night, and eventually our group of 12 dwindled to 3. We realized we had no beer for the hotel, every place we went stopped serving growlers after 6pm. Shmoozed a bit with the staff and was able to come out with a trashbag of beers (at the higher price of course around 3 bucks a can) but desperate times call for desperate measures! And so accommodating of them to help me out on my friends birthday.I bet if I needed someone killed I could come here and get the full service for that too!
<review# 1080,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/25/2013,5/19/2013,62,47,4,3,1>This is a Rhode Island tradition and institution.  Its standard italian comfort food.  I've never had a bad meal and the very few times something was wrong it was IMMEDIATELY corrected.  The staff has always been friendly.  I see people complaining about other parties being seated before them...you have to realize that there are parties that come the same day at the same time EVERY WEEK.  They pretty much have tables on reserve.  The whole basket of rolls complaint?  You wanted the sliced italian bread you saw other tables getting....??  READ THE MENU DIPSHIT.  It's on there.  So dont compain you didnt get any.  Also, someone complaining about large familu parties and a lot of birthdays going on???  Really?  Go fuck yourself.  You're basically saying "I'm a dick.  I can'y enjoy myself if EVERYONE else in the place is also enjoying themselves."   The same goes for people complaining about the decor.  Really?  Its an OLD italian eatery.  Have you ever been to The Old Cantine on Federal Hill?  IT'S PINK INSIDE!! BRIGHT PINK!!! But the food is outstanding!  So....WHO CARES!?  The one complaint I will agree on is the lack of change in the menu.  It is a bit boring...but if it aint broke dont fix it.
<review# 1081,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/22/2012,5/18/2013,154,146,,6,3>I frequent this place quite a bit and was surprised by some reviews I read.  The brews are inexpensive and the speciality drinks are only $5. There are also 2 bars in the building! The quality of service can be inconsistent and I think this depends on how busy they are, but to be honest I'm almost never in a rush when I'm here so maybe that's why it doesn't bother me. I feel the food is a-okay, especially since its a pub! All of the nachos are great, I've even had a few pasta dishes that were good. If you come on a Thursday, pizzas are half off. While its not the best pizza in RI, I don't feel its anything to complain about.  I really like the atmosphere here, with all the super large tvs its a great place to go watch whatever sports game you're into. They have pool tables in half of the building. Trivia night here (Thursdays) is always fun!  There is an outdoor patio area for nicer weather, however I've never ate out there as its not a great view of anything. But its probably a cool meeting spot for the people who show up on their Harleys!The decor is cool, industrial feel with the cranes on the ceiling but also little piece of nostalgia with the the old Rocky Point and vintage gas station signs. There is always something to look at!
<review# 1082,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/10/2013,5/17/2013,136,330,2,2,3>Fresh and local food...on the hop! They're quick, very reasonable and oh so delicious.  Nothing fancy here, but it is local.  You order at a counter and pick up your food when they call you 'playing card' ... it's as simple as that!The roasted chickpeas are amazing and I've had a few of the salads and sandwiches too.  Trust me, you won't be disappointed!
<review# 1083,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/13/2013,5/16/2013,123,183,4,15,5>Ladies and gentleman, there is FINALLY a Japanese restaurant on Federal Hill worth talking about. Coming from Cali, I have been waiting for a sushi place in RI to spark my interest. Nami recently opened last week right on Atwells. The exterior begs upscale and the inside delivers. Great interior design, modern, fresh, and great for groups. There are only two hibachi tables which some may find odd but I found to be just enough to be exciting. Staff is courteous and eager to please. Owner is on site and very sociable. Great back story, just ask.Food....very satisfied with the rolls. The BEST roll was a $5 pepper tuna avocado roll. The cuts of tuna were huge and the pepper added such an amazing smokiness to the roll. I could eat that roll for days. Another $5 roll included the spicy salmon roll. Yummy! We also ordered the specialty Tuxedo roll with tempura shrimp and spicy tuna. Very tasty and filling at around $14. One of the distinctive characteristics of the sushi was the thin layer of rice used on each roll as well as the presentation (very artsy). Edamame was $6 and so was the garden salad with ginger and the miso soup. I always assume these to be the fast and easy, low cost items to make me happy before I start a sushi dinner. I would have definitely added them to my tab if they were a bit more reasonably priced.Overall, get ready to shell out since most of the specialty apps and rolls are from $10-17, but they are beautifully presented and tasty. As for drinks, a large warm saki was a steal at $7, while flavored cold (thanks for carrying!) run around $17+ per bottle. Pair that with some beer and you should be all set. There are also a lot of interesting saki-tinis worthy of attention.Great place for a date, groups, business, or friends in town. Glad to see a real sushi restaurant on Fed Hill. We look forward to going back and trying more dishes!
<review# 1084,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/15/2013,5/15/2013,70,481,2,3,2>Went to a wedding here last weekend and enjoyed it overall for a 3.78957678 star rating. Service was excellent...to the point of being intrusive. Glasses and plates were whisked off the table before you could say "Mamma mia! One server wandered with a water pitcher offering to refill glasses...yet there were no water glasses on the table.They were trying. They really were.Food was quite good. If the sliders that came out were representative of the Angus burger on their lunch menu, then I'm definitely coming back for one. Main dishes were straight ahead tasty, with the highlight being a four cheese risotto that was creamy, oniony goodness. I didn't pay (except at the bar), so I really can't comment on quality relative to value, but I'm looking forward to coming back to sample some of their dishes.
<review# 1085,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/19/2013,5/14/2013,28,56,1,4,2>Unfortunately, Lim's is only getting a half-review.  not half-hearted...just a review of only half their awesome offerings since I was not able to partake in their sushi and cocktail offerings (darn pregnancy restrictions!!).I really enjoyed the thai side of Lim's.  We started with a seaweed salad.  While simple, I would just say that seaweed salad can go both ways - delicious and healthy, or ocean-scented and icky.  This was not icky in the least, FYI.  Hubs and I moved on to share the crispy pad thai and spicy green curry.  We didn't love the crispy pad thai, but that's more of personal preference.  The green curry on the other hand was sooo tasty!  Fragrant coconut broth + crisp veggies and really fresh shrimp made the dish stand out from the many other versions I've had elsewhere.One quick tip - while reservations are not needed, you may want to call ahead if you are hoping for a table for two with some privacy.  The tables were a little close together for intimate conversation (which was fine for us, but might be awkward if you're heading here on a date).
<review# 1086,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/20/2012,5/13/2013,37,111,,5,1>This is a similar experience to Kon in East Greenwich. (please read my review on Kon too) It offers a great atmosphere, great size bar and great sushi. I came here with my girlfriend and friends for one of my birthday dinner's and it was fantasic! I also had my first Scorpion bowl! I came right after work on an empty stomach and after a few sips of the Scorpion bowl, I was feeling happy and buzzy! It was pretty strong and fruity at the same time. I tried finishing it myself but that would not be pretty on a work night. So I shared it with my girlfriend and two other friends. It was great for four. I got the Rainbow roll and it was made to perfection. The rice was cooked well and the salmon, tuna, yellowtail and fluke combo was fresh and looked amazing. My girlfriend got the Sweet Potato Roll and Shrimp Tempura Roll - both were delicious. I would definitely come back to either Bon or Kon to try their Hibachi grill too.
<review# 1087,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/16/2013,5/12/2013,47,156,2,2,2>What fun this is!  I grew up in Minnesota, so I love hockey, but I haven't been to a game in years.  I had looked into tickets for the P Bruins last year and was pretty shocked at how expensive they are.  However, the Sunday afternoon games are a lot more reasonable, and still a lot of fun.This was my first time in "The Dunk", and it's a great space.  It was clean, well-organized, ample toilets, comfortable seats--everything you need to enjoy a hockey game.  The game itself was fast-paced and included two fights!  Apparently the P Bruins are actually a good team as well--double bonus--they won the game, but there was plenty of near missed goals and fast and furious action.  Yeah, it was just a highly entertaining game, so good job, Bruins.One thing to note is that the beer prices are outrageous!  Worse than Fenway and more expensive than I think I have ever seen in a sports arena. It was $8/beer for domestic $9/ beer for import/premium.  We had nachos ($5) and a water ($4) and a teeny tiny cup of Dippin Dots ($4) instead and then went to Trinity afterward.  I ate before the game so I didn't spend too much time looking at concessions offerings, but I usually like to enjoy a beer while viewing sport, and those prices were just ridiculous.This is definitely something I'm going to do once a year or more.  The energy from the crowd was infectious, and there was a halftime show of pee wee hockey players that was just hilarious.  They were so tiny!  They kept falling down!  Yeah, just a good way to spend part of a Sunday, and I bet the night games are even more fun.
<review# 1088,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/9/2012,5/11/2013,83,170,,4,2>How have I NOT written a review of this joint.?! Seriously, Betsy? Seriuosly? I've been coming here since college, and I will whole-heartedly recommend the WC to anyone. Good beer selection--you can get Allagash White, Strongbow, and a handful of other above-average beers. Plenty of tables--you can sit and have an actual conversation. What I really like about this place is that it's low key. Play darts, chat, have a few beers, and never wait in a line for the ladies' room. And y'all KNOW I love me a good exposed brick wall.
<review# 1089,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/12/2013,5/10/2013,110,169,,4,2>I don't know why it's taken me so long to write a review of this place! I started going shortly after they opened, as it was right around the time I was beginning a skin regimen for my wedding and my wedding makeup artist referred me to BB. I went every month before my wedding and was absolutely glowing at my wedding... and missed it so much that I started going back 2 years later. Andrea is an absolute sweetheart. She'll not only take care of you and make sure you get what you need and are 100% relaxed and happy the whole time, but she'll also give you tips on what to do at home, and samples to get you started. This place is cute, cozy, warm and welcoming... everything you would want from a skin boutique or salon. The prices are more than reasonable for the service and high quality you receive. I've done both facials and waxing and would never hesitate to go back or refer this place to anyone!! Who knew you'd find such a hidden gem in little old Coventry :)
<review# 1090,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/24/2010,1/4/2011,43,205,,2,2>Love, love, love this place! Probably the best thing about Woonsocket for that matter. This is the only place that I have ever been to that has an unlimited, free soup stand! They have a crock pot in the middle of the restaurant that you walk up to and get as much as you want. So pimp. Entrees- Very delicious. I have never had a bad dish here, and the portions are HUGE, for what you pay. Totally reasonable prices for what you get. One of the things I love about this place is that they serve some of the dishes in the pans that they were cooked in. I think that's so rad. The interior design- A New England sports fanatics dream. Memorabilia dating back from the very beginning all the way up to present time. And if everyone knows New Englander's take there sports seriously. If you're ever in Woonsocket, make sure that this is a destination that you go to, you wont be disappointed.
<review# 1091,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/23/2010,1/3/2011,187,39,8,17,10>Gracie's: the play-by-play1. You will be directed to your table, sit down, and have a moment to admire the star motif from the star punch-out on the menu to the hanging star lanterns and the patterns on the cushions. You'll also notice that the silverware is very nicked - a sign of disgusting old cheapness in any regular restaurant, but at Gracie's, an indication of character and tradition.2. A waitress will ask if you want tap water or some super fancy sparkling pure water. Your tongue will go on autopilot and spit out "Just iced tap water please."3. You'll stare at the menu for what feels like hours, making up your mind and changing it twenty two times. One of you will stare at the menu for two minutes, look up, and ask, "Should I ask for an English menu?"4. The waitress will come take your order. Your table will order, and after everyone is done, two people will change their minds and order something else. The waitress will appear to happily make the change and then whisk herself away to save herself from a whole table of fickle minds.5. Bread lady will come with foccacia, beer bread, French baguette, and fennel seed raisin bread. She will encourage you to take more than one, and to eat it with the whipped butter topped with coarse salt. Focaccia will be the most delicious.6. Another waitress will come by with tiny glass cups of watermelon juice with drops of rosemary oil, a palate cleanser between bread and appetizer.7. Conversation will effervesce and immediately be put on hold when waiters and waitresses approach with armfuls of large white plates. You devour your poached egg and Berkshire pork belly.8. Another palette cleanser - a lemon sorbet with the essence of lemon thyme served in the shape of a cute round bonbon on an asian soup spoon.9. Entrees will arrive. The evening will begin to get dark, so you move the candle closer to your plate to snap a good picture.10. The table is cleared of everything except the candle, and the cutest dessert spoon and fork will be placed in front of you.11. Desserts arrive.12. Hazelnut macaroons on a silver star plate arrive. You savor your small piece in five bites.13. Valet parking guy will leave three bags of round chocolate chip cookies in your car. You share a cookie with someone because you are just too full, but the bittersweet chocolate throughout the tender cake-like cookie is very good.Price: $25-$48 (entree), $30 prix-fixe 3-course mealService: +++++Food: +++++Will go again: YES Best dish (so far): Slow Poached Zephyr Farms EggWhat's awesome about this place: amazing service, beautiful food, seasonal menu, "between course" surprises
<review# 1092,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/23/2010,1/2/2011,13,16,,4,2>This review has been a long time coming.  I have been to Sunnyside at least 6-8 times since moving to RI in 2008, and it is probably my favorite restaurant I've found.  Not to say it is the absolute best if I were speaking purely in terms of food, but in terms of value, consistency, charm, and quality, it is the best I've found.It is hard to put my finger on what makes it so great.  The water, the sunlight, the local ingredients, the Portugese influences on the menu.  The lack of pretense at serving hot dogs and Sicilian pulled pork sandwiched with capers and almonds side by side.  I have yet to have a meal that is bad, and I look forward to it every time.  My favorite dish is probably the baked french toast with almonds and raisins.  Had a burger today on a Portuguese  bolo levedo that was outstanding and very messy.  Super juicy burger, smoky local bacon...mmmm.My favorite Sunnyside experience was after a morning of fishing out on Narraganset Bay with a friend.  We came up skunked but hungry and pulled the boat right up to Sunnyside's dock for a pork chop and egg breakfast that was fantastic.  We were dirty and smelly, but felt right at home eating next to coiffed folks have a lobster eggs benedict dish with a mimosa.  That says a lot about Sunnyside.
<review# 1093,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/23/2010,1/1/2011,82,60,1,2,2>Rick's is the kind of place where everyone is bound to have fun.  Whether you're there for a game, an outdoor round of bean bag toss, a mechanical bull experience, an embarrassing karaoke story, or some insanely hot wings, Rick's has it all.  Reasonably priced drinks are hard to come by these days but Rick's has a great tap selection and one of the few establishments that successfully balances the bar and kitchen.  Seriously though, the hot wings are hot.
<review# 1094,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/23/2010,12/31/2010,68,635,,2,1>I wish this place was closer, but then again, maybe it is for the best, low-carb diet and all.  I was passing by one day and stopped in.  I grabbed a few of their mini-muffins.  I am not usually a muffin fan, but these were really good.The next weekend, I grabbed my wife and we headed back.  I needed her opinion.  She and I had a bagel and split a stuffed apple maple muffin.  Simply over the top.  The bagel was the best I had ever had and the muffin was amazing.So if you are near 37 and Post Road, do yourself a solid and stop by.  I recommend the morning when they are all fresh.  Just keep telling yourself, fat free, calorie free and you will be happy.
<review# 1095,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/22/2010,12/30/2010,15,3,,11,4>Getting an oil change or minor automotive repair can often be an unpleasant experience, especially when it ends up being more costly than anticipated.  Hurd Auto is obviously aware of this and works hard to make sure that your time waiting is as comfortable and pleasant as possible. I have been going to the good folks at Hurd for a few years now to service my 2004 Grand Am and have always had a positive experience.  I can schedule an appointment online or over the phone and then receive a confirmation email detailing the date and time, as well as the vehicle and type of service.  Upon arrival I am always greeted right away, typically by Fred my very helpful and friendly service representative.  I usually opt to wait while my car is being cared for thanks to their spacious waiting lounge that includes leather recliners, chairs, and couches, television, countless magazines, a complimentary cappuccino/coffee machine, and free wireless internet!  Did I mention the fireplace and giant fish tank?  There's even a kid's room with toys to keep the children happy.  I've set up my mobile office here on more than one occasion to get some work done while I wait. I don't know a whole lot about cars so I often have a number of questions, especially when new services are suggested or a minor problem is found while in for an oil change.  Fred always answers my questions and goes above and beyond my expectations to ensure I'm utilizing my extended warranty whenever possible.  I leave feeling safe and almost look forward to the next time I roll in.
<review# 1096,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/22/2010,12/29/2010,43,182,,2,2>if i have some extra time between classes to grab a bite to eat, chances are i'll duck into this lil place and grab a bagel and coffee. i dont know what coffee they use but it is deliiiicious! ill take it over abp or starbucks coffee any day [i think my wallet thanks me for that, too]. their bagels are fresh and have just the right texture/chewiness. the service is also great - every time i walk in im always happy to be greeted by the same warm and friendly people. beware: if you ask for cream cheese they REALLY get generous...so i usually ask for it on the side. also, they really overdo it with the sugar in their iced coffee when you ask for sugar, so you end up having this thick ring of undissolved sugar at the bottom. just specify "a little sugar" so that you can stir it up yourself.
<review# 1097,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/22/2010,12/28/2010,9,128,1,6,2>One word: AMAZING! I have been coming here for years either crashing my parents anniversary dinners or meeting them half way between Boston and CT for a good meal. I have never had a bad meal here, ever! And I have tried close to everything on the menu. Here are a few favorites, lets start with appetizers. Clams Alforno -- just spicy enough and the clams are tender and flavorful. Make sure to ask for extra bread for the broth (my favorite part!) Caesar Salad -- creamy, garlicky, that slight kick of anchovy really hits home. The crouton are soft with just a little crisp which I love. Pizza -- crispy, tasty, love the shaved scallions on top, all in all amazing. Now onto the main courses --Any duck dish can be summarized by one work: Crack. I can't stop eating it no matter how full I am. Linquini with cream sauce, pea tendrals, and smoked duck bacon -- a sophisticated version of carbonara and delicious Cheater's Lasagna -- tastes like your grandmothers, the ultimate comfort meal for meDirty Steak Special -- So tender and has the spicy kick in the sauce that gives it that special taste. And the grand finale of course is their tart's for dessert. My all time favorite is the pear walnut with cream anglaise....doesn't get much better than this folks. To top all of this off, I love to come here to see my 4th grade teacher who is a long standing bartender and it is always a treat to see her! PS-- Get here at 5 on the dot since they don't take reservations or expect to wait at least and hour to get a table!
<review# 1098,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/10/2010,12/25/2010,91,416,,6,2>This is a great day trip whether you're in Providence, Newport, or any other place in RI.  The rocks around the Newport side of the point are easy to walk along and give you a great view of the Newport Bridge and the bay in between. If you don't feel comfortable walking along the rocks there are a few wooded paths that take you from one parking lot to the next.  I like that there are random benches throughout to just sit and take it all in.  People come here for picnics, kite flying, or just to check out the small museum, aquarium, and lighthouse.  The proprietors of the the museum are friendly and ready to tell you all about the history of the lighthouse and the area.Even the bathrooms (small outhouses in a field behind the lighthouse) are nice to look at, and are eco friendly as well.  Bonus!
<review# 1099,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/4/2010,12/23/2010,58,364,3,7,5>May I introduce you all to my new favorite place?Free WiFiDELICIOUS appetizersHookahRelaxed, chill atmosphereNice ownersBeautiful decorCool Moroccan stuff for sale.Love this place! For $25 you can get a pot of tea, hookah, and a platter of all of their appetizers. It's great to just sit and do work with your food, your tea, and your hookah and listen to some great music. My friend and I were there for about 4.5 hours doing worked and enjoyed every minute (except for the moments we were actually doing work!). This place is an undiscovered gem! Try it! You'll probably see me there when you go!
<review# 1100,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/20/2011,2/18/2012,81,227,,3,2>The absolute best thing about Sandwich Hut is Omelette Day. Every Friday Sandwich Hut makes awesome coma-inducing Omelette Sandwiches in addition to their regular sandwich menu. If you live or work anywhere near North Main Street in Providence, you must try a Sandwich Hut omelette sandwich.Their regular sandwiches are good too. I mean, they're sandwiches. As much loyalty as this place inspires it's not like they're the most amazing food on the planet... but they are better than Subway. Mainly I think it comes down to the quality (and quantity) of the meat they use. If you're going to order any time between 11:30-1:30 in the afternoon, I highly advise calling in your order ahead of time. You'll still have to wait a while to pick it up, and their frustratingly disorganized order/payment/pickup area will still make you wonder if coming there is worth it - but at least you won't be waiting in line for half an hour to get a sandwich. And yes, the sandwiches are good enough that putting up with their crazy lines is worth it.
<review# 1101,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/10/2011,2/17/2012,165,268,,3,3>Blockbuster oysters.  Legendary appy hour.Recent Thursday-afternoon visit was a rare case of a restaurant saving itself from a potential letdown.  Arrived 2pm, expecting to hit the end of lunch with $1 oysters.  To my dismay, POB had changed its pricing the previous day, restricting the discounted oysters to appy hour (which starts at 3pm).Sat down for lunch anyway, ordering a lobster roll and seared tuna-of-the day.  Both excellent.  Lobster roll came heaping with claw and tail meat, with minimal celery and mayo.  Perhaps not worth the $18 or so on the new lunch menu, but definitely among the best specimens of the cold/mayo variety.  Tuna was similarly excellent.  Ordered it black-and-blue (as all good tuna should be prepared), and was a but surprised to overhear the cook staff toss around the question:  "What's black and blue?"  Fortunately, our excellent waiter answered the question, and my tuna came out perfectly.After settling the lunch bill, slid my already-stuffed self to the bar (it was now 3:30!) and ordered a dozen oysters on the half shell at $1/pc.  Unfortunately, there was but one oyster shucker, and she was slow.  Ten-minutes-after-placing-the-order slow.  Fortunately, the oysters were spectacular.  Meaty, flavorful, and full of perfectly salty liquor.  Condiments were good, but frankly, unnecessary.  To put things into perspective, despite already being beyond the diminishing-returns levels of satiety, the oysters were nevertheless the best part of the meal.Overall, this is a restaurant for when only the best seafood will do.  However, expect to pay - and wait - for the best.
<review# 1102,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/1/2011,2/16/2012,103,203,4,6,6>I recently checked out Sophia's due to a Restaurant Week promotion that featured area restaurants offering special prix fixe menus. Also - I am always on the hunt for my next favorite BYOB place and it came highly recommended by my wine guy, Marc (see my review for People's Liquors in Apponaug).I don't know about you, but I always keep my expectations pretty low when there is a prix fixe menu involved.  And this prix fixe was a two-for -$29.95.  Don't get me wrong, I've had some great meals a la prix fixe, but the ingredients are usually heavy on the pasta and veggies and portions small (ie. you-get-what-you-pay-for).  Well - this meal was altogether different.  The options were widely varied with a beef, two seafood, one chicken and one vegetarian offering - plus a salad for each and a shared app.  On my initial visit, my dining companion and I both ordering the mussels entree. Such a good time of year for shellfish!  But mussels can be tricky...they go just a tad too long and you end up with raisin-like morsels inside a shell.   I have not had them well-prepared too many places.  And funny thing about mussels - you couldn't pay people to eat them 20 years ago  when my family and I would harvest them off the rocks at the beach and now they're all the rage.  But I digress...For our 29.95 meal for two We each had a wonderful caesar salad with anchoivies to start.  Yummy dressing - a little on the dry side, but tasty.   The fried ravioli were also nice.  Three huge raviolis with just a drizzle of pesto, shreds of parmesan and a really great marinara freshly seasoned with basil.  And the mussels?  Seriously.  Probably some of the best I've eaten.  Plump, tender and plentiful!  They were swimming in a light tomato broth with a gentle safron flavor served with cappellini. The broth was so good I would like to bathe in it.  Okay - bathing in seafoody-wine sauce not such a good idea, but it was jus that delicious.The service was attentive and friendly.  We arrived about an hour before close and did not feel the least bit rushed out the door. Really nice weeknight vibe for a Thursday out.   Moderate $2 cork fee per person was fair for bottle of wine we brought with us.So I did mention my "initial" visit.  I came home telling my husband what a great meal at a great price I had and we decided that we would have a date night a couple nights later...all in the name of taking advantage of Restaurant Week rock-bottom pricing.  Back we went on Saturday...I made reservations for an early 5:30 dinner.  Good thing as they were turning people away who didn't have reservations left and right  as we watched from our table. Lucky  us!I had to do the mussels again - and they were just as good.  Maybe a little leaner on the portion size, but still mighty generous.  My husband had the sirloin with gorgonzola...perfect rare prep with finish of cheese that was not overpowering the steak.  Same ravioli - yum again.  Hubby got the spring greens...a little over-dressed and my caesar still a little dry.The service was not as leisurely.  Our appetizer came out before we finished our salads.  That's one of my pet peeves.  Reminds me of chain restaurants who try to churn out the crowds.  But - did get an apology from the server and the meals came out nicely spaced after the ravioli.  But again the rush with dessert.  Server dropped the dessert menu and came back 30 seconds later.  We decided to pass.  Would have like to  checked out their  dessert offerings...apparently all made in-house.  I would have given five stars had the service not been so rushed.  Service is big for me.  Food is definitely five stars all the way. . .Atmosphere is cozy and clean.  I think  kids would be okay here but there really is not enough room to squeeze in a high chair.  Keep this place for date night or dinner with friends.So, I almost hate to share the news that this restaurant is GREAT for fear that it will become too busy.  But in this economy, that is exactly what I hope for this little place.  And as Ashley P. mentions in her review, they have a standard prix fixe menu on every  Wednesday  and Thursdays for the paltry price of $35.  Check it out on a week night...and make a reservation. I will definitely put it on the top of my BYOB restaurant list.
<review# 1103,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/9/2011,2/15/2012,105,224,4,8,5>Like all health & fitness programs, it only works if you actually put effort into it. What's great about Crossfit is that you have no choice but to make an effort. I was super nervous before starting because everything I read seemed like Crossfit was for people who were already fit and athletic. Luckily, the Providence gym has something for everyone.Pros:- Results! I started with Boot Camp and now do Elements; both programs are scaled down from the main classes. For the first month, I thought I'd die from a lung explosion and I was constantly sore. I went from struggling to do 5 situps & pushups the first week, to now being able do umm... lots of them. My 400m sprint time was 20 secs faster after 3 months. I have more to lose, but after 6 months of just Crossfit and no diet mods, I've gone down 2 dress sizes. I only just started with the weightlifting. On the first day, I struggled to do the workout with just the 15 lb bar with no weights on it! After 2 weeks, I could at least press 35 lbs. I've been fat for a long time and now I'm really happy with the physical milestones I've accomplished. - Community. The coaches & fellow Crossfitters are so supportive. The team atmosphere keeps me coming back regularly instead of slacking off like I used to do when I was trying to go to the gym on my own. It seemed a bit cult-ish at first but it makes you want to go back.Cons: - Expensive. About as expensive as the fanciest globo-gyms in the area. But this is worth it. I've thrown down tons of money on pricey gym memberships and was unable to achieve & maintain results on my own. - Not for high maintenance people. No TV's or air condition. Lots of rolling around on the floor. My eyes get irritated & watery whenever I'm there and I think it's from the dust plus chalk that other people use on their hands. I never see anyone spraying or wiping equipment but hey, I haven't heard of anyone getting a staph infection so I guess it works.-  Mix of levels and abilities is both pro/con. The main classes can be scary for a beginner. I feel pretty klutzy trying to get the weights on/off the bars, and trying to do workouts alongside the coaches, marines, and athletes. They say anyone can do it to their own scale, but it's still embarassing when I'm the last one running and everyone is waiting. That's why I stick to the "beginner" classes.My whole life I never liked exercise and I never felt I was good at physical things. All of that changed since I started Crossfit. This review is getting long, so all I can say is give it a try. If you go 3 x a week, you will absolutely see a difference in a month.
<review# 1104,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/30/2011,2/14/2012,84,176,2,6,4>I haven't tried much sushi in Providence yet, but this is the best so far. Everything was fresh and delicious; the maki rolls were creative and well executed. Haruki East even satisfied the non-fish eater in our party with their chicken teriyaki.The atmosphere in this restaurant is nice as well -- not too quiet and romantic for a group of friends, but not too loud that an intimate conversation is impossible.Prices are reasonable for quality sushi.I can't wait to go back!
<review# 1105,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/30/2011,2/13/2012,44,75,2,3,1>Living in North Providence, in the Italian Deli and Bakery district (not a real place, but it kind of seems that way, literally a dozen italian delis and prob the same number of bakeries in like a 5 square mile area) Lasalle Bakery is an institution.. so much so that they have 2 locations like 1/2 mile a part.. and they are both always busy... If you are from RI you have most likely had a Lasalle Bakery cake for a birthday, graduation, 1st communion or what have you.. and it was delicious.  The cakes are always moist and tasty, with buttercream frosting that isn't sickeningly sweet.  Plus they are pretty creative with the decorating.. saw a guy get a Halloween cake last night and ti was awesome.. some zombies.. a little fake dirt..a pumpkin or two.  Lasalle is not just sheet cakes, they have great fresh baked breads, and the usual muffins and cookies and pastries and pies.  My favorite though are there prepared calzones.. so dang good.. a little pricey for the size.. but worth it.  Definitely worth stopping in and checking this NP gem out..  oh and FYI they got great little fresh baked dog cookies, which Molly (the consumer of all left overs) approves of.
<review# 1106,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/13/2011,2/12/2012,27,99,3,5,2>Any place that will serve me a bottle of wine while also enjoying another activity is on my "happy places" list. True, its not the best wine around, but they don't gouge you on the mark up, and it comes in a sweet bucket! Kinda a weird set up for the tables in the theater, but not in an obtrustive way. Food is actually pretty good, in a frozen to deep fried kinda way. The mac n cheese bites, buffalo calamari, popcorn shrimp, and chowder were all very delicious. The veal parm pizza was kinda weird, but still palatable.Totally worth the price everyday, but Monday's its 2 for the price of 1 on tickets. Good deal all around
<review# 1107,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/10/2012,2/11/2012,34,119,1,4,5>This place is great for two things. 1. a romantic night out 2. a fun (yet casual) night out where you can meet new people.Food  A+Atmosphere  A (it gets a little crowded upstairs, but that's because it is awesome) It is laid back, a little dark, cool decor, both good and crappy cheap beers and delicious food. I've been here for a date, with coworkers for xmas dinner celebration, and to flirt.  Place is perfect.It is definitely a little bit hidden.Don't go here if you are uptight.
<review# 1108,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/8/2011,2/10/2012,112,158,,14,2>I wrote a review for Roam Dog Club a few days ago and when they showed up in a search I did, my review wasn't there.So here it goes again.My landlord recommended Roam as it's just a few block from my apartment.  I decided to check it out for dog daycare, even though I already had another place in mind.  I'm glad I did because this place is awesome.  The owners are super friendly and helpful, and the space is great.  It's a large, converted, warehouse space willed with tons of up-cycled stuff (fences, doors, etc.).  They also have 2 big outdoor spaces for the pups to play.Roam is just starting up, so if you're looking to drop your dog off at a super crowded daycare this probably isn't the place for you.  But I really like the individual attention my dog gets when he's there.  And besides, I'd much rather put my money into a local business that's trying to do things right.They offer full and half day daycare, and have packages for each that NEVER EXPIRE (unlike some other places in the area).  I believe they also offer full grooming and boarding, possibly training as well.You should definitely check out Roam Dog Club, I'm glad I did.
<review# 1109,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/30/2011,2/9/2012,28,340,2,4,3>I'm embarrassed to say this...my parents live all of 1/4 mile from this restaurant right off the same road and the last time I was here was like five years ago.WHAT IS WRONG WITH ME?!?!?!?!I visit my parents 5-10x a year and I never think to go to Anthony's. Well today I decided to say hi to my dad and finally see what all the fuss is about. I had the kung pao calamari (delicious doesn't even begin to explain this dish, beautiful fried calamari with a sweet sauce, peanuts, and these red mild peppers, just heaven), the scallop dinner (huge scallops with some delicious fries), and the portuguese fish chowder (fish, chourico, etc. with a delicious kick to it). My wife had a couple of stuffies and said they were the best she's ever had.Do yourself a favor and check it out. My mouth is salivating eight hours later thinking about the calamari and the chowder....
<review# 1110,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/24/2014,5/7/2014,36,109,2,6,2>First of all, any restaurant that features Roasted Brussels Sprouts as a regular menu item is going to get a  big score in my book. Every time.But even without this unfair advantage, our Doherty's experience still rates four-star, all around. The pub-style restaurant features an intimidating and flamboyant selection of over 100 beers on tap (now is that really necessary?) and a giant wide-screen TV no matter which direction you dare look. The most delightful discovery, however, is that our food was excellent -- my Turkey Chili Burger Special was grilled to perfection, and my wife's fish was hot, fresh and flaky. Even our calamari appetizer -- a dish on which I pretentiously self-proclaim to be a world's authority-- was cooked perfectly and lost in a dazzling sea of spicy hot peppers.Oh, and did I mention... they serve delicious Roasted Brussels Sprouts?
<review# 1111,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/19/2014,5/6/2014,36,42,,8,2>Finally, an authentic thai restaurant with an amazing, flawless, extremely flavorful menu. I fell in love with the pad kee mow noodles and asked for it extra spicy and extra thai basil. May I scream, WOW! Even though it was spicy, I was still able to taste the abundance of flavors the dish with held. This small restaurant sure does have a lot to offer. I am so excited there's a thai restaurant I actually love! I am in such awe with the turn out and I want to wish the owner continued success. It truly is the best thai food I've had within RI and the dessert menu is just amazing. Everything they offer is unique and separates them from other thai establishments. If you want really amazing, like you're in Thailand streets, you have to give this place a shot. You will not be disappointed. There's a full bar and the staff are all helpful and welcoming. Cheers! Sa wad dee kah! :)
<review# 1112,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/27/2014,5/5/2014,66,88,1,9,4>Escape to the Mediterranean at Sangria's. This cozy spot is perfect for a date or to catch up with your BFFs over their sangria (which I didn't get try). The tables in the back are a little dark, so if you want a better visual of what you're eating, sit at the bar or grab a table near the windows. Mom (born and raised in Portugal) and I (having lived in Spain) came here to see how the food compared to the mother countries.  We were impressed! I sipped on a pineapple Sumol (our people's version of soda) as I delved into my tasty Goat Cheese Salad. Mom lapped up her Kale Soup as though she had made it herself. We shared four tapas: Misto De Grão De Bico (Sautéed chick-peas with chouriço, tomatoes, fresh spinach & white wine, Pasteis De Bacalhau (Crispy fried cod-fish quenelles, served over mesclun greens) Camarão Alhinho (Pan-seared shrimp, braised in a rich roasted garlic & white wine butter sauce) and the Chouriço sliders (Mini-sized sandwiches made with flame-grilled traditional Portuguese sausage & caramelized onions topped with a horseradish mayonnaise.)  I couldn't stop dipping my bread in Camarão Alhinho and Misto De Grão De Bico broths. The dishes were full of flavor and delicious.  One bite of my Chourico slider had me swooning.  The Pasteis De Bacalhau were good, but not as good as Mom's. That's the only item I wouldn't order again.If you're Portuguese, you'll understand when I say that the Holy Ghost rejoices when both you and your mother agree on something.  We both concurred that their Chocolate Mousse  is the best chocolate mousse we've ever had in our lives. Decadent, thick, rich, velvety - it's everything chocolate mousse should be and pairs well with their cappuccinos. If you're not into Mediterranean dishes, come here at the very least for their dessert. Service was excellent! I'm looking forward to coming again and trying their sangria!
<review# 1113,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/24/2014,5/4/2014,51,175,,7,3>My bumper was hit on my car while it was parked. I drive a VW, and since Hal's is certified by VW as a body shop I definitely knew this is where I wanted to take my car.  They have superior customer service. Everything was explained to me, and my car was worked on right away. The car looks better than it did the day I bought it. The car was fully detailed. I will be recommending Hal's to everyone I know who needs body work on their car. A++
<review# 1114,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/20/2014,5/3/2014,41,54,3,9,6>Why isn't there a sixth star for me to click?I'll start off by saying it took me approximately 3 years to work up the cajones (heh, that's irony, folks) to try a Brazillian.  I of course turned to my Yelp brethren and how could I possibly pass up a place with a perfect 5 star review?  The stars are EARNED, and I will never venture elsewhere for repeat services.  For starters, the studio is super cute and welcoming.  The receptionist (i think!) can only be described as sunny, and Alex was just as welcoming and enjoyable.  It was clear that I was nervous but she settled me right down.  I love that the waxing room itself is dimly lit, and she uses a light to focus on...the area.  She explains everything she is going to do in a way that did NOT cause me to run out the door, which is saying a lot.  As a rather, ahem, rotund lady, I was especially nervous to disrobe, but again I was put at ease.   The waxing itself was not even close to the horror that I had imagined in my mind...I've honestly had eyebrow waxes that hurt more.  There were some awkward moments for sure, but again not nearly as bad as my imagination and google had led me to believe they would be.  I can not say enough how pleased I was, and I hope that anyone reading this who is on the fence about waxing "down there" jumps over to the the smooth side!
<review# 1115,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/28/2013,5/2/2014,16,84,2,4,3>I'm absolutely obsessed with The Grange! I had been hearing really good things for a while now, and was finally able to stop in for dinner. I went with my sister on a Saturday evening, there was about a 20 minute wait, so we went to the bar and ordered Snake Oils--so good! Made a friend at the bar, and she was able to walk us through the drink menu (her and her husband are regulars there). We took our drinks back to the swings, where we happily waited until our table was ready. Once seated, we made two more friends at the table on the side of us (such friendly patrons!). They were here on vacation for a week and had already been to The Grange three times, and were contemplating brunch there the next morning. When it was time to order, we decided on splitting the black bean soup and an order of fried green tomatoes. Both were so good, but the fried green tomatoes were exceptionally good. Onto the main course, I ordered the poutine with eggs and my sister ordered their quinoa dish. I was, and still am obsessed with my dinner. I'm pretty sure I could eat that every night of the week. The service was great, everyone was so friendly, and the atmosphere is beautiful. The decor reminds me of Urban Outfitters' terrain with the rustic-chic elements, and live plants spread throughout. I cannot wait to go back for dinner, and am definitely interested in trying brunch as well. Problem will be deciding on ordering something new, or sticking with the delicious poutine.
<review# 1116,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/30/2014,5/1/2014,44,26,2,5,3>A small shack close to the beach that people seem to adore. i decided to drive through narragansett to see it. i had the time so i figured why not? i ordered a cup of white chowder and 3 doughboughs. it was a pretty cheap lunch ringing in at $5.70.  The numbers were getting called pretty quickly. Looking outside i could see that it could be packed in the summer time. Parking was all parallel alongside the main road. i was anticipating the doughboys after hearing the moans of the guys beside me, biting into the delicious fried dough. i picked up my order within 5 minutes and immediately wanted to rip the bag open and demolish the doughboys, but i was a good boy and ate the clam chowder first. Honestly, its not best chowder i have sampled, but it was still good. I think for me, it was not enough clams. The thickness and creaminess was there but just not enough clams.Now time for desert........I think if i were a cartoon character, i would have had cosmos spinning around my head and hearts as pupils in my eyes. Lol Delicious!!!!! I am in love with the doughboy!!! I had to try and stop myself from eating the third one. I needed help back to my car. Holy crap!
<review# 1117,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/5/2014,4/30/2014,226,636,2,7,3>Completely blown away.Came here for restaurant week in late 2013 and was completely caught off guard by the level of service and the quality of Chef Rizwan. Being a cynical New Yorker and all, what would you expect from a tiny French restaurant on the East Bay during a restaurant week? I was expecting some generic French food, half assed since it was restaurant week but wow ... Chef Rizwan and his staff really put me to shame.Although small, the seating is really elegant and the decor really makes it feel like your in a tiny joint in France. It was just us and another group and the two waiters who were on the floor were attentive, friendly and charming. Every dish was explained - which helps out a guy like me who isn't hitting up French joints with any type of regularity. Since it was a prix fix menu and there were onyl 2-3 options for appetizer, main course and desert, I'm not going to bore you with the play by play on each dish, but just hit on the highlights.-The pork '3 ways' was just bomb; loin, belly and lonzino - each version packed with flavor and melted in my mouth, presented in a manner you would see at a swanky Manhattan French place.-Roasted Beets! - Yes! Beets! Pickled to perfection and then roasted. I'm by no means a beet fan but if I could get beets prepared like this on the reg, I'd be eating beets 3 times a week-Apple Tarte Tatin - Yes, you can find a apple dessert in 95% of restaurants, but this one was a doozy. Delicate, complex and just ridiculously delicious with bourbon whipped cream and vanilla butterscotch in a balsamic glass - need I say more?Would love to come back and check this place out on a regular night. To all the dudes out there - you will score major points if you bring a date here. Permissimon to me was the end all be all of fancy dining in Bristol but Hourglass is definitely nose to nose with it!
<review# 1118,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/15/2014,4/29/2014,184,89,,5,4>Don't be fooled by the formerly destitute looking strip mall this place is nestled into. They've recently made it much more welcoming. A friend had mentioned this place to me and after a bit of reluctance,I went for a visit. The inside is very nice and welcoming and the food was very good! I tried the unique "Goat Cheese Bruchetta" and was amazed. As an extreme goat cheese lover with high goat cheese standards, this passed the test with flying colors. It was absolutely delicious.  I think about this dish often at work. Sadly, not much time to get out and head back here but mark my words-- I will be back here again.
<review# 1119,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/23/2014,4/28/2014,37,154,2,4,3>While everything in this restaurant is delicious I have two pieces of advice: 1) get the french toast2) make sure there is enough french toast for everyoneI came here twice. The first time I got the Huevos Rancheros and was very happy. However, I tried a bite of my friend's french toast and knew what I was getting the next time I came. While there are several tempting items on the menu, as planned the second time I opted for the Big Shot breakfast with the amazing french toast. I'm usually not a big french toast fan but there is something about theirs that is incredible - besides the fact that it melts in your mouth it also tastes like pure maple syrup (even before you put any on) without being cloyingly sweet. My friend got the western omelette, which he enjoyed, but as soon as he tried a bite of my french toast it was over. He even told me to stop eating and called me fat (something every girl likes to hear while inhaling brunch) so I would give him more of my french toast. Hence my advice above. Kitchen is small and you may have to wait, but believe me it's worth it.
<review# 1120,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/2/2014,4/27/2014,29,63,2,6,3>I live close to Bee's and have tried a few things and loved it all! This place is clean and the service is fast. I have not tried the soup yet but that's next. I like how they throw a little spice in to their dishes and the portions are just enough. Its nice to sit there because they have huge windows so it feel like you are outside but you aren't, thank goodness. If you don't feel like sitting in then order take out and it is just as good at home.
<review# 1121,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/22/2013,4/26/2014,115,164,2,7,4>Take the beans you adore from New Harvest Coffee Roasters. Add the incredible ambiance of The Arcade.  On top of that, add pastries from 7 Stars Bakery. And a fab menu of beer, wine, and spirits. And staff that takes pride in the craft of coffee brewing. And you have the wonder that is the brand spanking new New Harvest Coffee & Spirits.Totally pumped to have this spot downtown. Ok - time for more gushing. Free wifi. Table and counter seating. Whiskey flights from near and far. Solid beer menu featuring local faves like Revival and Greysail and faraway faves like Laguanitas. Ambiance is lovely - old meets new with bright red shiny tiles juxtaposed against the original worn brick and cement. Super sleek. Small but mighty selection of swag, french presses, Chemex drip brews, etc. Open till 7pm during the week and 11pm on Friday and Saturday. Great option to hang out before or after a show or to grab a coffee before driving home. I wish parking was easier and hope that the food menu expands a bit over time. But overall, I'm a big big big fan. Come hang and check out the rest of the shops at The Arcade!
<review# 1122,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/8/2014,4/24/2014,54,196,2,8,6>Working on Main St means that you have a variety of lunch and coffee shop options right at your finger tips.  The only problem - one can so easily be tempted to choose a rather unhealthy option when dining out. You will most certainly eat healthy if you decide to enter Raw Bobs.Here they make fresh juices and smoothies right in front of you. Even if you are new to this juice craze like I am, their helpful staff will walk you through the process.I like the "certain shade of green" smoothie - which has spinach, apples, orange, avocado, basil and mint - as well as a couple other things in it. Smoothies are my go to choice as they take place of either my breakfast or lunch.  Juices are nice, but if rather get the fiber in with my calories.Id like to see the establishment add recycling containers, cheaper cold bottles of water, and possibly some more mini snacks like granola to help those of us who need a little more food in their healthy diet.
<review# 1123,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/4/2014,4/23/2014,203,87,3,8,4>Love love love this place for breakfast! The food is flavorful, tastes fresh and comes out super fast! It's not the most fanciest of places but it's clean , consistent and has a friendly staff. The prices aren't super cheap but affordable and you get a large portion. I didn't love the lunch sandwiches I had in the past. Wasn't bad but just not memorable. The breakfast though gets back again again! My friends have a running joke how they may put crack in those pancakes! Lol we just gotta have them! Solo good! Worth the 5 stairs, for the food & prices alone! The friendly staff is a plus
<review# 1124,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/12/2014,4/22/2014,56,81,3,6,6>Pleasant surprise! A friend asked me to meet him here and as I pulled up to a dingy building in a seemingly awful neighborhood, I thought "oh, hell no".  But as I was grumbling my way through the door, I found a bar with a large dining room off the back. HUMONGOUS selection of beers. Larger then normal selection of ciders, for me, the non beer drinker. Waitress was great at recommendations. Had a grilled cheese that was great and would love to try something a little more substantial sometime soon. Great semi hidden gem worth driving to middle of no where Pawtucket. Only draw back, teeny tiny parking lot and I wouldn't be thrilled if I had to park on the street.
<review# 1125,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/26/2014,4/21/2014,73,433,4,8,5>After jumping from one yoga studio to another on and off for the last 10 years, I have finally (FINALLY!!) found a studio that does it right.Freedom Yoga achieves the perfect balance of tending to your mind, body AND soul. Whether you're an expert or a beginner or something in between such as myself, I promise you will benefit from visiting Freedom Yoga.The studio owner, Editke is really just wonderful. She pushes her students to trust their bodies and to expand their practice. Her knowledge of the yoga asanas and their meanings and reasons is nothing short of amazing. Right off the bat, it is obvious that she is a woman who lives and breathes yoga as a lifestyle and her demeanor toward her students only encourages the same of them.What I like a lot about Editke's teaching method is that while she is guiding you through the asanas, she also shares little bits of meditative "food for thought" to you that really resonate with living life in the "real world". It is mostly gentle reminders of how we all should respond to the normal stresses of life. This allows you to take a positive attitude with you when you leave the studio and you'd be amazed at how well those bits of wisdom stick with you as you go about your day afterward.Whether you're looking for a great workout, need a little de-stressing or are just looking to try something new, Freedom Yoga can definitely offer all of those experiences to you.
<review# 1126,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/27/2013,4/20/2014,84,176,6,9,5>I try to be discriminating with five stars, but I can't think of any reason not to give Los Andes five of those shiny red squares. Let's run down, start to finish...Ok, the neighborhood isn't the greatest; get over it. There's plenty of parking between the street and the two lots next door, and it's free.From the moment you walk in the door to the moment you walk out again, the staff is friendly, kind and accommodating. I didn't notice this so much on my first visit, but on my second, last night, the staff was outstanding. The bartender greeted us immediately. The hostess did the same. The water service was almost too much. Our waiter was so kind and quick with recommendations and elaborate descriptions (and an education) on the food and drink -- seriously, the writer in me was drooling. He was even super cool about us hogging his table for two hours after we paid the check! Even the manager came by twice to make sure we were happy with our experience, and everyone was willing to indulge in a little conversation.The atmosphere is beautiful, warm and cozy -- which is probably why we stayed for so long! Snuggle up in a booth lining the walls, gaze at the fish in the tank, allow yourself to get lulled into a relaxed state from all the food and drink and the dim lighting.The menu is huge and the portions equally so. There is something here for everyone, and know that they prepare meat with expertise. And, don't glaze over the specials; they are delightful, if more pricey. I had the rack of lamb with yucca gnocchi, spinach, tomatoes and asparagus in a saffron cream sauce. Oh my gosh was this heaven on a plate. It was the perfect entree for a chilly, rainy, New England night. The lamb was cooked perfectly, and I seriously mean that -- well-seasoned, prepared to temperature, melt in your mouth. It was an entire pound, and I ate every last morsel. My favorite was the yucca gnocchi though. I love a good gnocchi, and the complex saffron sauce was the perfect marinade for these fluffy, root-vegetable-stuffed morsels. And did you know that Peru exports something like 90% of the world's asparagus? Yup, which is why it's everywhere on the menu. Authenticity, people.I couldn't imagine looking at a dessert menu, but I'd always order another glass of that sangria. And I'll always be back to sample another amazing dish off the menu.
<review# 1127,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/21/2013,4/19/2014,49,76,1,10,4>My husband surprised me with a gift certifiate for the Most Amazing Pedicure. This was by far one of the top MOST relaxing 2 hours of my life. From the moment you walk in, you are pampered. It's as if you are in your own world where nothing else matters while your toes, feet, legs, and even hands are pampered. Ally did a superb job in being friendly and cheery to make me instantly feel at ease throughout the whole experience. My feet are still thankful to her and her skill in pampering them :)
<review# 1128,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/3/2014,4/18/2014,114,236,5,13,4>S&W is a mirage in the desert of customer service that is the Age of Big Box... Folks, in this case you really can "have your cake and eat it too" by working with "the little guys" and still saving dough, with additional perks to boot. Anything that helps soothe the sting of a large appliance purchase...My husband researched the crap out of what model of washer/dryer to buy (went with LG), then where to get it, pricing out Lowes, Sears, Home Depot, RI locals, EVERYBODY. S&W had the best deal possible after rebates. Which, by the way, they did everything they could to ensure a smooth rebate transaction, filling paperwork, copying receipts. They were great to work with and came to deliver and hook it up the next day. Free haul-away!! Customer service is alive and well in EP. Thanks, guys!
<review# 1129,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/23/2014,4/17/2014,78,67,1,11,5>I'm kind of in love with this gym. I joined when they opened in May 2013, so I feel fairly "qualified" to review them at this point.Synrgy has developed a pretty kick-ass weekly line up of classes. Lots of variety: yoga, spinning, high intensity interval based training weight training, and cardio-intense classes. They are also planning to add TRX, a booty barre class, so will be continuing to make changes. I've been enjoying the special classes offered on holidays, like a 1.5 hour endurance spin after Turkey Day and a stretching detox class on New Year's Day.The customer service is really top-notch. For instance? During spin classes, staff will come by to refill your water, and then bring you refreshing chilled eucalyptus towels in the final 10 minutes of your sweat-fest. GLORIOUS. Everyone is super friendly and knows you by name. At other gyms I've belonged to, I've sometimes felt like the staff were just a tad....douchey? (Sorry, clearly painting with broad strokes here...) The staff at Synrgy are knowledgeable fitness and health  professionals, and also just nice, relate-able human beings!The location is great, with lots of parking in the lot at Davol Square. The interior of this place is something to be admired: the lighting, the mirrors, the wall treatments....SWOON. It is clean, to boot. There are towels everywhere! Small towels for your sweat and fancy-schmancy eucalyptus towels to re-energize you.The smoothies are really good! There's promise of a Synrgy cafe down the road, but for now they are rocking it with the beverages. All are made with fresh, whole fruits and veggies, and you can get everything with or without protein powder. Love the Lean Green which has half an avocado in it (YUM).I am torn between a 4 and 5 star rating here, but I do have to go with the lower when I remember some of the billing issues I (and other friends) experienced when they first opened. Luckily, since then a new membership manager has taken over, and everything's been smooth sailing. I would just recommend getting in writing everything promised.I would without-a-doubt recommend Synrgy! I could not ask for a better place to sweat it out.
<review# 1130,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/29/2011,5/29/2011,12,23,3,3,3>I freakin love this place. It's the perfect place for a quirky gift or a little treat for myself. I love being able to buy local art and small-business-made products, and Frog & Toad delivers! The merchandise is generally fairly priced and eclectic, with everything from kitchenwares to jewelry to clothing to toys. They've also got great local souvenirs (gotta love the "You Can Go to Hell, I'm Going to Pawtucket" alligator design). I bought a Christmas gift here and they did complementary gift wrap in a lovely purple box with green ribbon. I love a place with a good free gift wrapping!The only downside is that the store is small for all the wares they sell, so it can get very crowded and scary to navigate. Don't wear a big backpack inside unless you're sure you can maneuver without taking somebody out!
<review# 1131,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/25/2009,5/28/2011,55,348,1,5,3>This review can be summed up in two words: CHEESE ORGASM. I can't believe that such an amazing restaurant sits in an unassuming shopping plaza in the middle of the boring residential side of Providence. I'm glad I read some reviews by other Yelpers before coming here so I would be able to spot the owner with his wild-eyed look and blue collared shirt. I didn't witness him screaming at any of his servers, but it was clear that he was very intense while putting us on the wait list, presenting our wine etc. My mother and I became super high maintenance when choosing our cheese board-- we wanted some cheeses from some categories but none from others and at least one nutty cheese, etc. Our waiter Justin deserves numerous accolades for his ability to memorize our convoluted order and suggest the proper wine. Then when our food came out he was able to name and describe all five cheeses, the meats, and the side dishes. He was able to remain cheerful and pleasant in the face of all our menu blundering. The cheese categories you can choose from are: Bloomy, Sweet and SaltyCooked, Pressed and NuttySupple, Raw and EarthySticky, Washed and StinkyVeined, Blue and Robust We also chose the Jamon Serrano and a Virginia Smoked Ham for our meat platter. The portion sizes were much larger than I was expecting for the prices, so be careful not to get too much! And because we hate commitment we didn't want to order the larger dishes. We ordered the mac n cheese, which was delicious, but nothing you couldn't make at home. Our last choice was the garlic chive biscuits. The biscuits were buttery and thick, very satisfying. We couldn't eat all of them so we had to bring them home-- they were great for breakfast the next day too. I can barely remember anything about the atmosphere of the restaurant, because I was so absorbed in the food. La Laiterie is dedicated to the perfection of every bite. If you love food, and especially if you love and adore cheese, you are guaranteed to have a spectacular evening.
<review# 1132,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/12/2011,5/27/2011,16,90,5,7,2>You might be saying to yourself "Five stars!? How can a farmer's market really be all that great?"Well it just is.The ambiance is wonderful. There are fresh, local seafood, veggies, herbs, meats, eggs, bread AND its all winter long. Did I mention there are also crafts? Did I remind you about the live music?Well I know what you are thinking. I also hate hippies and this place is full of them. Hipsters too. Oh and the yuppies. Seriously though, hold your nose and dive in. If you like cooking this is the place to get your victuals.I say this without reservation. I really hate Rhode Island. Its a state that seems to hate its residents. That being said, as much as I want that hate to be absolute I can't stop loving it. I will watch a street plow pile a 6 foot high pile of snow right on a sidewalk. Hate. Then I will go to the Wintertime Farmers Market, grab lunch from the Chez Pascal food truck (ohmygoditssogood) and I can't be mad anymore.Rhode Island does have a really wonderful set of small, local farms and its one of the state's best features.
<review# 1133,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/13/2011,5/26/2011,76,19,4,7,6>Perfect place for a date.The atmosphere is interestingly cozy. Apparently it's a regular house that's been turned into a little tea place that serves incredible teas and food. We decided to share 3 appetizers and a pot of tea. I think the tea was called peace of mind, since they were out of the vanilla chai which I heard was very good. The tea was smooth and definitely helped us both relax, considering it was the first date ;) hah.We shared the Devonshire scones, truffle pomme frites, and brie & walnuts. The last two were delicious but nothing to write home about. The scones, however.. Oh my damn, scones had an incredibly tender crumb which was nice considering all scones I had before this anywhere were hard as a rock. It had a subtle sweetness, almost as if it was telling me to smother it with the clotted cream and fruit preserves. Next time I go, I'd like to try the wine, red velvet cupcake, and the Portuguese sweet bread (?) cupcake that people have been raving about!Also, maybe it was becuase we went on a THursday evening but the service was great! We were taken care of very well so no hiccups there.All in all, great cozy place for intimate gatherings. Will definitely be going back.
<review# 1134,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,3/22/2011,5/25/2011,54,196,5,1,1>We are not in Kansas anymore....and by Kansas, I mean Providence, RI :)The Country Inn could not be more true to it's name if it tried.  I felt like I went to dinner at Auntie' Em's.  That being said, do not be alarmed by the country decor, and the 1.3 million ducks. The next time I go, I am making it my mission to count how many wooden ducks there are.  People are in jeans, jogging pants, and are generally 65 years old. Do not be alarmed. They are friendly and do not bite.This place's food wins BIG! The mozz. sticks were perfection, and the portions for dinner were beyond large.  You will have leftovers for at least 5 days after your trip to the Inn.  I had the clams zuppa, and there were about 12 good sized clams, and over 2 lbs of spaghetti.  The chicken parms were huge as well.  The chicken caesar salad would have fed caesar's army. The lemon cake is a wonderful dessert option :)My one complaint was our server, Cheryl.  She was very cranky, and not attentive to our water refill needs.  Maybe she was having a bad day, but if you get Cheryl (you will know because their names are embroidered on their shirts) you are warned.Yes, there are moose antlers.  Yes, you will think you are in Kansas.  Enjoy yourself, and pretend for a moment that you live in the country.
<review# 1135,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/9/2010,5/24/2011,89,77,,3,2>Eating here was an absolutely fantastilicious experience.I went with two really good friends of mine just to celebrate life and be merry and chose Gracie's because it seemed like a classy place. Everything we ordered was made to perfection and all tasted so fresh. We all went for the $30 3-course prefix (mine was a little more because I ordered the scallops...but so worth it!).The beet salad was beautiful -- beets with gem hues on a bed of fresh greens complimented by ginger pecans. My friend's butternut squash soup tasted like no other I've ever had -- rich tasting, but not overwhemingly creamy or thick, with a very pronounced fruity squash flavor. I have to admit I had a bit of food envy!My scallop dish was composed of local scallops with perfectly roasted brussel sprouts and a vegetable hash on the side. I can't even verbalize how good those scallops were: cooked just right with a little sear on the edges, tender and sweet. It made a good counter to the hearty brussel sprouts.Of course I tried my friends' entrees: one of them ordered the duck and the other the Idaho trout. Both were so delicious I don't really think I could choose a favorite!Dessert was beautiful as well. Everything was as seasonal and local as possible. The servers were so charming. The whole place is so charming. If you're willing to splurge a bit, please do yourself a favor and eat at Gracie's!!
<review# 1136,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/28/2010,5/23/2011,87,16,4,4,4>Ah Rasoi:-delectable variations on Indian restaurant standards,-that insanely fantastic cauliflower appetizer (cauliflower! imagine!)-blue martinis (I love a blue martini with Asian food, shut up)-the wee cute salads that come with every meal (cucumber in teeny dice, red beans, garbanzos, matchstick carrots, and more) -free papadums!-parking lot!  Rasoi is flawless.  The service is superb, decor lovely, and prices just right.  Less adventurous diners might miss their old favorite Indian dishes, but those of us obsessed with the cuisine enjoy shaking things up from time to time.  It's also fun to watch Bollywood on the TV's over the bar.  Sometimes Rasoi even gets all multi-cultural and have bellydancers.Today I had the saag, one of their more basic dishes, but I felt spinach was just the thing on a cold winter's day.  It totally hit the spot.  My friend & I also tried the Masala Uttapam, savory veg/rice/lentil pancakes with condiments.  A joy.  They only thing I'd change: all Indian restaurants should pull a 55 gallon drum of tamarind chutney up to the table when they see me coming.  Oh yeah, put a ladle and a straw in that.
<review# 1137,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/14/2010,5/22/2011,17,49,2,6,2>I remember I had a life in Providence before United BBQ, but I was at least two sizes slimmer and a lot more morose. How dare this place be so delectable?United BBQ is a tiny joint on Ives Street and it has quite an extensive menu. My favorite foods to eat here are the pulled chicken sandwich with house-made potato chips, the smoked hot wings with sweet-hot sauce and the mashed potatoes. Not that I'm a hot wing connoisseur, but the hot wings are probably the best I've had in my life: the chicken is moist; the sauce is tangy and not too fiery; they give you ample sauce so that it pools in the reservoir of the dish and you can double dip your meat. When you're done, you'll really make use of that wet nap! I once had a potato boat here--a baked potato slathered in BBQ sauce and shredded chicken--and I found the spud to be quite dry. I won't be ordering that dish again.Not long ago I was a confirmed vegetarian, and I have sampled the vegetarian and vegan fare here. The BBQ seitan sandwich is the perfect vehicle for gobs of delicious BBQ sauce. BBQ is not a commonly "veganized" food, so whenever I have vegan pals in town I bring them here and see their eyes widen at the menu. It's not just a novelty thing either--it's really delicious vegan food.
<review# 1138,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/14/2011,5/21/2011,92,185,2,6,3>The restaurant we pre-selected for our Valentine's Day dinner doesn't take reservations, so our plan was to just arrive good and early to get our names at the top of the waiting list. Only one problem... they do take reservations on Valentine's Day weekend.After calling a couple of other places, we were beginning to get worried because no one was going to be able to seat us for another 4 or 5 hours. We decided to go into Hemenway's to see how long of a wait they estimated, and the hostess informed us that the bar was full menu service on a first come, first serve basis.  We gladly snatched up a couple of seats and proceeded to peruse the wine list and menu.The bar staff was extremely impressive, as it was clearly a very busy night, but they managed to remain very attentive and well mannered toward us the entire time.  It did take a little while for our entrees to arrive since the kitchen was so busy, but we really didn't mind at all.The food was fantastic!  The boyfriend got the salmon, and I got the pistachio crusted char with sweet potato gnocchi.  Those of you who have read my other reviews know how much I love a good plate of gnocchi, and ohhhh wow did Hemenway's deliver!  I wasn't expecting to find gnocchi on a seafood restaurant's menu, but I'd have to put these at the top of my favorites list!  They were so soft and the sauce was fantastic!  The pistachio crust on the fish was also fantastic!  After we finished our dinners, we were presented with two enormous chocolate covered strawberries as an apology for the wait for our food.And that's the story of how Hemenay's saved our Valentine's Day!  Thank you, thank you, thank you, Hemenways!
<review# 1139,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/28/2010,5/20/2011,331,340,6,8,7>This place has been around forever. I remember my mother hiring a babysitter to watch us, so she could go dancing at the Bon Vue! I actually ended up working here for a few years, and made some of my best friends here. People would always come in asking if that bartender with the long hair and bracelettes still worked there, and I would reply "yes, his name is Howie, and now hes the owner." Their eyes would light up with excitement after finding out the bottle flipping bartender from the 80's was still around! The crowd here is a mish mash of local fisherman, tourists, and URI students gettin' their drink on. There used to be live music on the weekends, but Im not sure how thats working out these days. Thursday nights is a mad house with URI kids partying their faces off with $1 drink specials, and $2 beers. The regulars at this bar are good people, the bartenders are happy, and will remember your name. AND, this place has a 90 degree view of the ocean. I will be going here until I die. Im sure of it.
<review# 1140,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/7/2011,8/24/2011,34,119,,6,1>Oh, thank god, Ethiopian in Providence!Not just Ethiopian, either, but GOOD Ethiopian. The injera here was PERFECT, spongy, tangy, and of the exact right consistency to soak up all the flavourful food-juice and still not fall apart. They also did not charge for more of it, which was very nice. I ordered a combo plate, and both the meat dishes were perfectly spiced, especially the key wot. Too many places try to make this less spicy and end up with bland - this was full-strength and AMAZING, the good slow, persistent burn I was looking for. The ye'dinich salata was also a standout - I don't normally care for pickled beets, but this was so delicious I devoured mine and was making longing noises at my friend's portion. Abysssina compared very well to Ethiopian I have had elsewhere, and I look forward to seeing them stick around for a long while.A note - BYOB, and you should. Beer + Ethiopian is a good call.
<review# 1141,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/1/2011,8/23/2011,261,199,4,9,4>Dear Mamma Luisa: How do I love thee? Let me count the ways..one, two, FIVE STARS. All the way down Thames on the right hand side tucked away from most of the tourists you will find this little gem. Shhhhh it's a secret we don't want the tourists knowing about it!Lemme be frank---- this isn't the... I'm just gonna walk in with sand all over me/ I'm awkwardly sunburnt... kinda place.  You not only gotta shower + throw on more than a cover-up but you should probably make a reservation + brush your hair. In fact, you need to make a reservation if you don't want a dirty look or two. Once I forgot + had to wait at least an hour and a half + def got some 'tude. Oops. Worth the wait though.The inside is cute as a button + feels like you are at your rich uncle's cottage... but it's comfortable--each room of the house is filled with antiques + dining tables. And the food is OMG--best in Newport hands down. The prices are reasonable for the quality + the service is always great. I adore this restaurant--every single thing about it is great. There is no parking... good luck with that in Newport generally.  One of my favorite parts about this place is that it doesn't feel like all the other restaurants in Newport catering to the tourists...which are OVER PRICED + the food is eh.... it is typically filled rhode islanders. If you want to eat the most delicious Italian food while dining in what feels like your rich neighbor's house that no one seems to know about.... this is your kinda place.
<review# 1142,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/3/2010,8/22/2011,80,93,,4,3>Nice little place :)HUGE clam cakesyeah, they were REALLY BIG!ok, I got a little coupon sent to me from the clam cake fairy of The Starboard Galley, happened to have it in my purse and decided to give the place a try.  I was not disappointed. I got a burger for my daughter, clam cakes & chowder, chicken fingers & a Stuffie all for under $20....YES, I kid you NOT.The chowder was really good, could have been a little bit hotter, but my son thought it was perfect because he didn't have to blow on it too much!   I am in LOOOOOOOOOOOVE with the clam cakes now that I have tried them, I have been converted from an Iggy's only clam cake lover.  They were gigantic, crispy on the outside and perfect, steamy, yumminess on the inside....and they actually HAD CLAMS IN THEM!  Yes my Yelping friends sometimes that is a hard thing to find in a clam cake...The stuffie was really good too, flavorful, and perfect with just a little squirt of lemon on top.  I will definitely be getting one of those again too!We did take the food to go, just went over to the beach to eat it...its was about 90 degrees out still at 6:30 at night.  They have about 10 tables inside & a few outside, an arcade area and good sized CLEAN bathrooms and it is a BYOB establishment.  Very Casual.  Very good prices.Can't wait to go back :)
<review# 1143,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/7/2010,8/21/2011,493,313,4,12,9>Here is a little-known fact for you: Beavertail is the third oldest lighthouse in the U.S.Cool huh? Things to do at Beavertail:fish off the rocksfly a kitehave a picnicread next to the oceanlearn some historycheck out the small aquariumpeople watchgo for a hikeBeavertail is really a very cool place to go and explore. Located at the Southernmost point of Jamestown, the lighthouse was originally constructed in 1749. At one point it was burned by British troops (the bahstads!).Definitely a neat place to spend some time. Plus, the views are majestic! Not to be missed. Especially during times where the waves are kicking up.If you are in RI make sure you take the time to visit. You will be glad that you did.
<review# 1144,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/25/2011,8/20/2011,114,236,3,5,5>ahhhhh... excellent atmosphere out on the deck setting off excellent food - I love this place! Chillin' at a picnic table with drinks and sea delicacies of the raw variety while waiting to be seated was really no sacrifice. Although my husband did nearly sacrifice a toe when a staff person at the bar dropped a cooler on it, the bartender didn't hesitate to comp the round of 5 drinks. Way to do the right thing! (Though we hope it was honest mistake that the two oyster samplers we ordered were served as the oyster/littleneck/shrimp samplers at double the price)It was a busy summer night and our waitress was slammed, but it was clear that staff were looking out for one another to keep everything afloat. Owner/aquaculturist Perry came by to check in on us (OK, and the notorious toe) himself.The food - wowsers! Fresh, comforting, simple. I savored the most perfectly cooked seared scallops ever prepared for me in a restaurant. Everyone at the table was in seafood bliss. You didn't need to give me another reason to love Matunuck... but here it is!
<review# 1145,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/18/2011,8/18/2011,54,382,2,3,3>Finally, I found THE spot.  This place has everything I want in somewhere I'm going to spend my money.  The beer selection was great, draft and bottles, and the food was better than I expected.   Looking at the menu, it all sounded good, but I also was reading some reviews and questioning how it would really be.  I ended up with the asparagus with goat cheese, a cucumber salad complete with seared tuna, and a side of greens.  The food was filling, tasty, and complemented all the beer I consumed; or was it the other way around?  Either way, check this place out if you're a fan of good food and good beer.
<review# 1146,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/6/2011,8/17/2011,24,35,2,8,3>Super-fresh meats and poultry at ridiculously low prices.  Friendly, helpful staff, and a great variety of products.  I love living near Joe's!Every time I visit Joe's, they're busy.  The staff handles orders quickly and with a smile, and will cut your meat to order.  The counter guys speak English, but ordering in Spanish will get you a bigger smile.  As I said above, the prices are ridiculously cheap.  Lean ground beef is about half the cost of what Stop 'n Shop charges, and you know it's been ground fresh on premises that day; no worries that your meat was ground somewhere in Iowa, chemically treated, and trucked out to you over the course of a week.  Two beautifully trimmed, large filets mignon? $4!The poultry counter is amazing.  Looking at how deep the chicken is stacked in the case, one is amazed to realize that they can actually turn over that volume, but they truly do, because their prices and quality are top-notch.  There's also a limited produce selection, but it's all fresh and clean.I can't say enough about how awesome Joe's is.  I've made converts of folks who live as far away as Attleboro.  Why are you still reading this?  Get to Joe's, now!
<review# 1147,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/31/2011,8/16/2011,48,138,3,3,3>I am actually reluctant to share this place with you guys...It's my little secret.Steven sells eyewear-both glasses and sunglasses.  And not just any old eyewear, but the good designer stuff.Versace. Prada. Gucci. Cavalli.  Ferragamo.Swoon.And....you seriously won't believe the prices.  And he is so attentive and nice, I have no idea why I ever went anywhere else.
<review# 1148,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/1/2011,8/15/2011,15,52,3,3,3>What a neat little place! I went here on a whim, I was coming out of Coffee Exchange and I wanted to find a little something for my boyfriend's birthday. It's really awesome inside, from the minute you walk in. It is surprisingly spacious and clean, and the wood floors make it actually kind of uhm beautiful. Seriously. Anyway! This place has so many knick-knacks and doodads that at first I was overwhelmed and thought I wouldn't find anything. Upon further browsing I found a hilarious watercolor illustrated memoir of Bigfoot that will be absolutely perfect. The girl behind the counter didn't bother me while I shopped but was very pleasant when she rang me out.I am DEFINITELY coming back here the next time I'd like some inspiration for a gift. I love this place!
<review# 1149,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/5/2011,8/14/2011,142,225,,10,12>I moved to Providence in 1999 from suburban Philadelphia.  Because I didn't know anyone in town, I immediately started going to Boston to be with friends, and I figure that I lost about a year in going up there instead of starting to properly discover my new home city.  While Boston is fine, I also feel a little sad that I lost that period's opportunity for discovery, and now I'm trying to make up for that lost time.Providence has gone through some metamorphosis over the decade-plus that I've been here, and I like that it's small enough to witness that change in its varying neighborhoods, across parts of the skyline, and in the outward image the city projects.  It's possible to know virtually every part of the city because of its compact nature, but there is enough variety and exuberance that, while small, Providence is ever-increasingly noteworthy on a national level.  Parts of the city that had grown necrotic are being addressed steadily with rejuvenation.  New locally-inspired businesses pop up frequently and often bring a fresh perspective, rather than the simple monotony of chain invasions.  Festivals, cultural events, and concerts either originate or make stops here more and more.  The town has its pitfalls, certainly.  The dealings of certain public figures have been exposed as less-than-desirable, as chronicled in film, print, and animation.  The public education system struggles.  Areas of blight remain, still unaddressed, with no workable plans in place to fix them.  The new I-195 relocation and contiguous parks areas are generally public works successes, though the South Providence waterfront leaves much to be desired.  Much of Downcity sadly remains a food desert.But grab a meal in Federal Hill, or downtown, or in Wayland Square, or along Hope Street.  Walk around the basin taking in a summer Waterfire lighting.  Spend some relaxing time in Prospect Park in autumn.  People-watch ice skaters at the rink in winter.  Reacclimate yourself with nature, starting with a bike ride along Blackstone Boulevard in spring.  Look at the magnificent State Capitol building, or the historic Biltmore, or Benefit Street treasures like the Athenaeum, or any number of other architectural points of interest most small cities would salivate over.  Walk amongst the people - to walk this city is to know it, and in my opinion, to know this city is to love it.  For years when I moved here I said I was from greater Philadelphia, and it was and still is true.  But these days, more and more, especially when I travel, I say I'm from Providence - and I'm keenly proud of that.  This is a great city.
<review# 1150,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/26/2012,4/18/2013,115,164,2,5,3>Oh Hudson St. Deli, how I love you so.  In the mornings, you are there for me with your Staten breakfast sandwich and Equal Exchange coffee. Did you know that this fair trade biz is run by worker owners and many of them live in our hood? Yep, that's local. After work you are there for me for a bottle of Granny Squibbs, a quick sandwich to go, and more often than not, a pound of your delicious potato salad.  Seriously - dill and crunchy red onions. This potato salad is real deal. And it makes me happy. I love that your doors open to the corner and not to any one street. I love your community message board. I love that I can count on you to have the most recent edition of Providence Monthly and the ProJo. And that you sell social enterprise products like Cookie Place cookies. I love that you carry fresh veggies, dairy products, and fresh, packaged meals to go. I love that your Italian Grinder is the size of my forearm and fills me to spicy Italian salsa capacity even when I split it in half to share with a bestie. I love your new website. I love your gigantic menu board. I love that your workers make each sandwich with care and a smile - and would rather get it right than shave a few minutes off the creation process. I love that you have outdoor seating. I love that you are meeting place for our neighborhood and are committed to keeping prices affordable to serve the range of customers that live on the West Side. Thank you for being my neighborhood market and deli! What would make it a 5? More seating inside. But this is a tall order, because space is a limiting factor. The tables are tempting - I want to sit for hours reading a book or scribbling in my notepad, but I never do because there are only a handful of tables and I don't want to awkwardly clog the arteries for those coming in to eat and run.  I wish the space could better accommodate enough tables for short and long term sitters - to further its role as a community meeting place.  Maybe, someday, an expansion?
<review# 1151,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/26/2013,4/17/2013,84,176,3,4,4>Ravenous gets my five stars for two simple reasons: Coffee Milk Stout and owner/brewmaster Dorian. Fantastic on both accounts.Ravenous' stout is one of my favorites, and I love stout from the bottom of my heart, so it's hard for me to play favorites. It is smooth, creamy, aromatic, and has the flavor of coffee milk. I'll admit I have been so obsessed with the stout that I have failed to sample their other brews, but I will get there. Someday. When I can pass up the stout. Um, never.Dorian is the proud, humble, knowledgeable, personable owner of Ravenous. He cares, not just because this is his business but because he clearly loves beer and wants to share that with people. I am certainly rooting for him and wish him the best.I hope to see Ravenous on more drafts in more bars in the area very soon!
<review# 1152,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/6/2012,4/16/2013,26,103,9,5,4>This is the favorite restaurant of my family ( I have 4 kids ages 7-15), though when you first walk in you wouldn't think of this as a restaurant typically geared towards kids...maybe its because my kids are awesome and well behaved and actually understand that McDonald's, Pizza Hut or anything available in a "food court" is not actually real food.Any way enough about my abilities to raise culinarily inclined kids.The Gentleman who runs Noodles 102 (I should remember his name as he has made a point on learning mine, though he does call me Harvey) is always on the go, taking care of guests greeting with a smile and overall making you feel more like a guest in his home rather than a customer. The Scallion pancakes and steamed dumplings are a great starter and I advise ordering a starter as on a busy Friday or Saturday their kitchen can get a little overwhelmed.  The build your own noodle bowls are a hit with my horde; while my 7yr old gets essentially chicken noodle soup minus the veggies I go for the Coconut curry which rice noodles (I'm Gluten-Free)....oh that's another thing they have a bunch of different noodles which inevitably means my kids forget what they got last time and order a different one each time.The restaurant is BYOB but my kids aren't big drinkers so I leave the wine at home and stick to green tea and water.
<review# 1153,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/30/2013,4/15/2013,53,195,,6,3>I had a wonderful haircut yesterday by Jessica Barnes.  Lured by the stellar reviews for the salon, I called and asked for a same day appointment.  This was especially wonderful because I am 9 months pregnant (due tomorrow).  I arrived at 12:15 for my 12:30 appointment and Jessica accommodated me right away.  She spent so much time with me - over an hour, and I felt super pampered.  The shampoo experience was so great....I could have sat there forever.  And she took her time styling my hair, saying "I don't want you to have to do your hair for a few days".  It looked awesome afterwards, and felt so light.  I have been searching for a stylist in Providence, feeling okay about past ones, but I can't wait to return to Ky Michaels and to see Jessica again.As other Yelpers have noted, the salon is super chic and clean and a pleasure to be in.  I am so happy I found this gem on Wickenden (and not surprisingly, it was thanks to Yelp in the first place!).
<review# 1154,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/10/2013,4/14/2013,54,86,3,3,6>A great, low-key spot to bro'down with some friends.Since the new owners have taken over, this great little neighborhood pub has undergone a much needed facelift.I popped in here one night to grab a quick beer with a buddy of mine, and was quickly sucked in to a vortex of delicious New England craft beers, highly inappropriate photo hunt, and an eclectic music selection. We ended up staying hours longer then we had intended, and made some fun new friends (who I believe now have a dj night here??). Definitely a great new place to lubricate your brain.
<review# 1155,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/18/2013,4/13/2013,103,203,3,3,2>Seriously.  The chicken escarole is what you NEED on a chilly winter's night. Order it by the gallon - or half gallon - so you can eat it for breakfast, lunch and dinner for the next two days (like I just did).This soup is brimming with fix-ins - chunks of carrot, celery, onion and chicken. You can tell the escarole is tossed into the pool during the last moments possible.  It still has a palpable crunch...even after a good reheat at home.  Oh - and the itty,bitty star pasta is finished to al dente perfection.  I think I'll go reheat another bowl.
<review# 1156,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/3/2013,4/12/2013,23,78,,5,2>Watch out, Gracie's. The Dorrance has quickly jumped to the top of the Providence fine dining scene. What makes The Dorrance such a great spot? Let's start with the drinks. The bartenders are the best in town--concocting delicious classic and original cocktails. More of a wine drinker? They've got you covered. The bar scene alone is worth a trip. The menu is unique, innovative, and every dish is made to perfection. Go for the tasting menu--you won't be disappointed. Service is knowledgable and friendly without being stuffy. And the ambience of the room is all class. Old school, romantic, chic, yet modern at the same time. Guys, if you're interested in impressing a date, you can't go wrong at The Dorrance.
<review# 1157,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/1/2012,4/11/2013,34,86,,5,1>Sometimes when you go to a place you like over and over, you try to write a review.  In your head you have a million things you can think of that you like, but when it comes time to write the review, you can think of what to start with.  This is the case with Seven Moons.I've been to so many Chinese restaurants, and this place has caused me to completely forget them.  My girlfriend and I were in Woonsocket the other day, and she asked if I wanted to go to Asia Grille in Lincoln.  Before trying Seven Moons for the first time, the answer would have been a definite yes, but one thing that sits in the back of my mind is the GD crab rangoons!Let's face it, I read the Yelp tips and reviews on this place and studied it well before my first encounter and had to give into the hype.  The rangoons themselves are just slightly above the rest, and you can tell without reading the menu that they are in fact handmade. It doesn't stop there though... They give you some crazy modified peach flavored duck sauce to go with it.  Honestly, I have thought of just drinking this sauce out of the cup, it's so damn good!But wait, I haven't touched the Scorpion Bowl.  One thing that used to disgust me about Asia Grille was the fact that they chose not to dishwash the bowls in favor of keeping the paint on the side of the bowls intact.  Instead, they "handwash" them.  Because of this, their bowls have a dirty residue on the inside.  Not at Seven Moons though.  They favor the cleanliness over the look of the bowl which is more important.  Not only that, the drink tastes unlike any Scorp I've had, kind of like a orangey, peach flavor that keeps you wanting more.  They present it with the flame.  It's clear that whoever is managing the bar is training their employees how to properly make drinks.  Strong drinks dot mean a better drink, and this is carefully displayed here!The food is incredible!  So far, I've tried General Tso's chicken, Pad Thai, Double Sizzlin' Chicken, LETTUCE WRAPS!!, and Shanghai Noodle.  Yep, the lettuce wraps are the bomb!I haven't had the sushi before, but they do have an extensive menu for it, including Bento boxes.  Also, you can sit Japanese style at one of the tables in a private seating area.  Again, haven't done it yet, but I'm sure it's pretty cool.Sorry to be so lengthy, but again, this place is great!  The waiters and waitresses are all very pleasant and this is why I'll drive the extra 5 minutes past Kon. ...that and the Scorps and Rangoons!Keep up the good work SMs!
<review# 1158,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/12/2012,4/10/2013,94,272,,2,3>Since my original review in 2010, I felt I definitely needed to refresh my 3-star rating to a big 'ole 5-er.Within those past 2 years, I've had nothing but awesome experiences both ordering custom made cakes and of course, the random compulsive visit for off the shelf goodness.  Thankfully, the undercooked, doughy cinnamon stick situation from '10 never did take place again.I die for their cake.  Really, I do.  It's pretty much become a yearly tradition to order cakes for all family get-togethers: mother's day?  Yup.  Birthdays?  Yup.  Father's day?  Yup.  And on each and every occasion, service has been prompt, friendly and the baked goods, amazingly delicious.Their pizza is also banging: they have a huge variety of toppings to choose from now.  I also spied a great selection of yummy sugar-free products.. yes, I absolutely do recommend a trip for those counting carbs.  Supermarket/boxed sugarless treats don't even compare to these: I LOVE their apple/cherry/whatever pockets.  Whip up a batch of fresh cream from their fridge, snag a fork and go to town on these babies.I shouldn't even have to mention the diary products.  But I will.  Two words: egg.  And nog.I really can't sing their praises enough: the cheap, below average junk you buy elsewhere is -still- pricier and can't hold a candle to the quality, freshness and deliciousness Wrights has to offer.
<review# 1159,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/18/2013,4/9/2013,54,196,2,5,2>For a first time mom, mod mama is a sanity saver. My husband and I both almost had panic attacks when we entered Babys R Us for the first time. We were handed a long list of things to register for, a scanner gun, and were sent on our way. Dozens of car seats & strollers to try, hundreds of different bottles without any guidance, and we even got stuck trying on baby carriers. True story.So I emailed mod mama, and asked if they would be able to give me some guidance. I needed to know exactly what a first time mom needed, what I could do without, and what brands were tried and true.They responded immediately, and set up an appointment to meet with me. The parking was a bit tricky because it is down in the jewelry/knowledge district in Providence, but I was able to find a nearby metered space in less than a minute.  (They are moving to Garden City in April 2013 - so parking should no longer be a problem.)I spent two hours in the store creating a personal registry.  They explained what items are must have, best for safety, and also best for apartment living.  Sometimes they only offer one particular item, for example, with their infant car seats.  They do not have dozens of brands to choose from. Just one - the Mico Cosi.  Why? Because it is the best.  Its incredibly safe, light, and easy to use.  I had done my own research before my appointment, and came to the same car seat choice.Many of their items are a bit on the pricey side, but it is generally because they are tried and true brands.  I went online after our appointment and looked at reviews online of all of the products they recommended. Sure enough, they were all stellar and top of their classes.If you are a mom or a mom to be, and are looking for great opinions, you should most certainly head to mod mama.  The customer service is out of this world, and you will leave feeling empowered (versus overwhelmed.)  If you are a friend of someone who is expecting or has a baby, you can find gifts here that are tried and true!  Items seem to range from newborns through toddlers.
<review# 1160,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/11/2010,12/22/2010,0,16,2,3,2>I miss going to Kabob and Curry now that I'm 1000 miles away for college.  The portions look small compared to typical American restaurant portions, but I often couldn't finish my food!  Very filling, quite tasty, and everything I've ever had has been meltingly tender.  If you're looking for super authentic Indian, the staff will admit that most of it is adjusted for average American tastes and isn't exactly what an Indian would make at home; it's most notable in the spice levels.  Vindaloo for me normally means, "the burning of a thousand suns is in my mouth, please bring me more mango lussi before I die" but it isn't nearly so spicy here.  The price is right, too, and boy, are all those college kids with this restaurant accepting their meal plan lucky bastards...
<review# 1161,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/9/2010,12/21/2010,11,33,2,3,4>The falafel here is perfect. And they give you a free sample whenever you walk in so that you are reminded of that fact every time you come. It's damned good marketing and it makes me very happy.I had never had Jedra before, but I tried it here after seeing how well they did some of our favorites (chicken kebab wraps, falafel, yogurt cucumber sauce, hummus), and I must say it is really, really excellent. Lentils and rice - doesn't sound impressive, right? Well it is. Get it, you'll be glad you did. The full plate meal with jedra, salad, pita, hummus, and yogurt cucumber sauce is amazing and feels like the most perfectly balanced meal you'll ever eat.They always give you a free piece of baklava with your meal. It's a great bonus.....buy anything here, and you'll get free falafel and free baklava, it seems. Even if the food were not some of the most delicious of its kind in RI, this would probably still keep the customers coming in the door.The only slight negative is the atmosphere. Just eat in the half of the restaurant that is away from the hustle and bustle of people ordering and cooking food and you won't even notice. Or just embrace it for what it is - a busy fast food place that serves up the best food on campus really cheap ... and being as busy as it is, it's just going to have to be loud.
<review# 1162,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/3/2010,12/20/2010,89,77,,2,1>Lovely, lovely meal. We came here on a Saturday at 6PM and were promptly seated. Service, ambiance and food were on point. The price was even VERY reasonable for such an amazing quality of our meal. If you're ordering a small plate, keep in mind that it is SMALL. For us it was perfect because we like trying a lot of things without being overwhelmed by such a large quantity. So onto the food!1) grilled greek sardine, charred lemon, black pepper honey. Perfectly fresh sardine had a touch of smoky grilled flavor and was rich and flaky. Went really well with the contrasting sweet and citrus flavors.2) beet salad with pan-fried salami and pursalane. This was served atop some sort of milky magenta puree that was almost berry-like in flavor. Very refreshing, though I thought it could've been just as good without the meat.3) Grilled baby octopus on top of charred corn. Baby octopus was ALMOST overcooked, but I liked the smoky taste on top of the sweet, fresh corn. It was also served with some very delicious tomatillos that provided a fruity and juicy contrast to the dish.4) Grilled maryland softshell crab, with kimchi and pork belly. I like how the crab spoke for itself without the usual fried, crispy exterior you get (or maybe I actually MISSED that part of it). The dish, though composed of good elements, felt a little bit random ... fermented cabbage AND pork belly with crustacean? oh and on top of special mayonnaise sauce? Hmm...5) Baked cheesemonger's mac 'n cheese with a molten center and a crusty, golden top. Just let the words sink in a bit. Um...Freaking amazing.6) Black bass with matunuck clams and summer squash. The fish was SUCCULENT and oh-so-juicy and delicate. The clams were so sweet and fresh.7) Pumpkin cheese cake. So rich and good. I'm a big pumpkin fan and i I could definitely taste the ginger in this.. which I liked! Perfect for a fall day. 8) Upside-down walnut cake. Warm, cake with a carmelized top (or is it bottom?) with candied walnuts and apple ice cream. Get this. It's phenomenal. 9) A gingersnap cocktail with cranberry -- pretty sweet with a slight hint of ginger. 10) Lavendar-raspberry lemonade cocktail -- nice if you like floral undertones and "pretty" drinks. By the way I shared this meal with 3 people. by the end we were stuffed, but so happy. Bottom line -- GOOD FOOD, some of it a little randomly put together, meat/cheese heavy, smallish quantities allow for variety, GOOD DESSERT, so-so drinks, pricey but fair.Our tab was about $110 for EVERYTHING.
<review# 1163,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/13/2010,12/19/2010,91,84,2,5,3>Visited State for the first time the other night.  When a friend said it was in the old Bar One space I was worried, thought about throwing on the bullet proof vest.... lol - but I was definitely pleasantly surprised.  There was a great crowd (of good looking people), cool dj, decent drink prices... and the interior decor was done to be shabby chic.  There was NO cover (Saturday night!), and the drinks weren't even a rip-off.  I'd definitely go again.
<review# 1164,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/20/2010,12/18/2010,30,164,1,3,3>Had the pleasure of dining there last night, which was my first visit and definitely will be back as often as possible.We got a few apps and a couple entrees to share amongst the four of us. It was a little crowded so we sat at the bar, which was great. My wife, our teenage sons, and I loved all that we ate. The ribs and grits were exceptional - ribs were tender, super flavorful and the grits were better than grits have a right to be.Crostini were very good, but probably the weakest thing we tasted. No fault of the crostini, just that everything else was so damn good!House gnocci was outstanding - light pillows of potato paradise in a slightly spicy take on Bolognese sauce. As good as in 'fancy' places that would charge double for such a deftly executed dish.Seared Salmon - this was probably my favorite dish. The crunchy, salty crust on the fish was a perfect contrast to the tender salmon, which was cooked perfectly. I like my salmon flaky, as opposed to when it's nearly rare in the middle. This was flaky, moist and superb. Waitresses were right there despite a full dining room and treated the boys like adults which was very much appreciated. The decor was interesting, with lots of cool art and tasteful lighting. Good music too. The prices are ridiculously reasonable, as the food is better than in most restaurants with similar menu offerings at considerably higher prices. I now see why the place is packed, and I am eager to go back ASAP.
<review# 1165,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/13/2010,12/17/2010,57,152,2,4,4>My new breakfast joint! My former breakfast joint, The Cozy-right across the street, is always too crowded. I hate dealing w/ crowds on a Sat./Sun. late morning, when all you want is relaxation.  The price is definitely right, I paid around 4.50 for 2 eggs, toast, homefries, and bacon. I believe they use margarine on the toast, but I'm sure they'd sub. butter if you asked.  Super service, spacious, albeit a little dated looking inside. Comfortable booths. A greasy spoon with a ladle of charm.
<review# 1166,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/23/2010,12/16/2010,32,123,4,2,4>I know, I know, I know. Four stars. You would think someone who goes there at least once every weekend (at least) would give it five stars, but I can explain.The first time I went to Bagel Gourmet was when my brother was going to Brown undergrad. After a long (and very fun) night, sometimes the only thing to bring you back to life is a bacon, egg and cheese with some hot sauce. Now that I live in Providence, it's becoming a weekend ritual to go there at least once.My favorite items juggle between an onion bagel toasted with cream cheese, a bacon, egg and cheese or a simple egg and cheese. I give major props to Bagel Gourmet for using real eggs. No real eggs? No business from this gal. I have never felt that my order wasn't cooked well, and I haven't had to worry that I'll get the wrong order. Somehow despite all the activity that is constantly flowing through the establishment, they are able to keep track of who ordered what, how they wanted it, and whether or not they need some hot sauce.Like everyone else has said, there is no avoiding one thing: the line. Sometimes it's small and you get in just in time before the crowd magically appears, sometimes you're stuck at the end. The crew tries to move the line as quickly and efficiently as they can. I would say the only issue is that some people hover around the counter while they wait for their food, and that causes the massive pile up. Stupidity and impatience is a learned trait.Why four stars? I don't think it's the cleanest place in all of Providence. That could have to do with all the people coming in and leaving their trash on the tables instead of throwing them away in the conveniently located trash cans, or it could just appear to be less than sparkling because the building itself isn't in the best shape. But to date I have never seen a rodent that doesn't belong and I have never had anything, but an awesome breakfast from Bagel Gourmet.Pick up your trash, damnit!
<review# 1167,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/2/2010,12/15/2010,2,63,4,4,5>I really am surprised to see the negative reviews for TiNi! It really is a very cute, classy, hip, tiny lil'bar owned by the same people who own the famous and amazing Italian restaurant Al Forno and they're actually friends with MARTHA friggin STEWART... Two things: 1- People complaining about how small this place is... You guys are either blind (as you can clearly see the size of TiNi before entering) or don't have the basic wit to understand why someone would name a place "Tini" ? 2- Yes, I do agree that their portions are small, BUT, if you want a big ol' greasy burger or a plate of hot wings with your beer; there are many cool dive bars in Providence. TiNi mostly serves locally-grown and mostly Italian-influenced small portion bites that are there to compliment your drink; not substitute your dinner. However, TiNi DOES have a very filling portion of pasta (Gnocchi and TiNi Noodle) dishes. And, their garlic mayo fries are more than enough to keep your belly full unless you're that monster soccer mom who goes to Burger King everyday for lunch... That said, my only dislike about TiNi is when all 20 seats are taken, it can get pretty loud. Especially when people have couple of their favorite "tini" drinks... But, it's mostly educated, upper-class professional crowd coming for after-work drinks or catching a small bite before or after a play at Trinity Rep! Go there during the week and you will see what I mean! :)
<review# 1168,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/3/2010,12/14/2010,36,56,1,12,12>Cute little place. Makes it's home where King's To Go and Wings To Go used to be - right across the street from the Fox Point Library. Their menu is varied - they a little something for everyone - vegetarians, vegan, GF, or even your established carnivore.The Portabella open-faced sandwich was extravagant - I can hardly bring myself to order anything else.The folks here were lovely and McCurdy's is a great addition to Ives Street.
<review# 1169,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/2/2010,12/13/2010,54,86,1,4,3>I am a loyal customer to this restaurant, and have been for about 3 years now.  The beer and the food are inexpensive, and there's almost always a seat at the bar.   It's greasy Italian-American pub fare; which sometimes, is exactly what I need. When I just feel like a couple cold ones and a decent eggplant parm sandwich, this is the place I always go.  More then the food, or the cheap beer, what I love most about MBM's is the personal touch, and the quirky decor. Most of the time, when I walk in, the proprietor already knows what I want to eat. The bartenders are friendly and will not ignore you when they are overwhelmed like some other places. For the ultimate MBM's experience, I'd go on a Friday night to witness some of the most disturbingly entertaining karaoke around. Lastly, I will add that on most nights they are open 'till Midnight, which is a huge plus to me. There is almost no where to get a decent bite to eat after 9 in Cranston. Based on this factor alone this is one of my favorite spots!
<review# 1170,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/1/2012,11/12/2012,114,236,3,8,3>Looking back on all that IKEA crap I collected in my twenties (that sadly manages to look so much more contemporary and grown-up in the catalog/showroom than in real life) ... I wish I had discovered Knock On Wood sooner! I've never seen anything like it. Two massive floors of unfinished SOLID wood furniture at great prices - beds, dressers, tables, bookcases, desks, chests, porch swings... 10x the number of options at the Mill Stores chain. But this is not a chain; it's a 30 years running family business shipping in from mostly the US. They order one piece of furniture, assemble it in-house, put it on the showroom floor, sell it ready to go, then they reorder that one piece (unlike Mill Stores, which you assemble). Noooow, as my husband's cursing from the garage can attest to, it's much easier to first stain furniture UN-assembled. They are willing to order the unassembled piece for you to pick up, but then you need the patience to wait a week or two. Service was excellent and they helped us shimmy a tv stand and bookcase into a hatchback. $25 off coupon on the website!
<review# 1171,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/3/2012,11/11/2012,70,186,1,8,6>Dark but not dank.Hip but not overly hipster.Cozy but not crowded.Risque but not vulgar.Hard drinks, gentle pours.Last call always comes too soon (12 am).
<review# 1172,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/2/2012,11/10/2012,226,1170,,3,2>The atmosphere and service here is definitely 5 star. The food is good but overpriced. I got the Mr. Mango roll and a pot of green tea. Tea is reasonable at $2 a pot. But $26 after the price, tax, and tip just for 8 pieces of sushi is ridiculous. Kyle was perfection as our server. The free valet parking after 5 pm is a nice touch. Would go more often if the cost wasn't so high. Not sure why some of the new places are trying so hard to be upscale, turns many people off to coming frequently. Some of the plates were ridiculously big. I swear my rectangular plate had to be 18 inches long, cmon. Do you need to take up two place settings for sushi that fits on a plate half that size?
<review# 1173,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,6/13/2012,11/9/2012,23,78,9,2,1>If Snookie had a favorite restaurant in Rhode Island, it would be Spain. If Carmela Soprano was in the area and wanted to take the family out to dinner, she'd take them to Spain.Spain is a good restaurant... a very good restaurant. Probably the best restaurant in Cranston. The service is attentive--if not a bit faux-pretentious. The food is exceptional. The space is huge, and often filled to the rafters with bronzed locals decked out in their gold chains, Gucci sunglasses, acrylic nails, and animal prints.My simple equation for rating a restaurant is based on three things: food, service, and ambience. Spain has delicious food, and good service, but the ambience just isn't for me.
<review# 1174,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/29/2012,11/8/2012,36,109,3,4,1>Old-time, established, family-friendly restaurant with a deep variety of menu choices, a hustling staff, and terrific food. You really can't go wrong with anything on the menu -- the chowder is rich and creamy, the seafood fresh, and my sirloin steak was grilled perfectly. (And don't just wave-off the vegetable of the day -- try the signature squash.) If you do visit, expect a wait, as the restaurant has been a local favorite of the old neighborhood for many years, and the lines form early on the weekends.So not only will you get food just like grandma used to make, but you may just see her hanging out at the bar.
<review# 1175,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/24/2012,11/7/2012,31,80,,11,5>This is solely based on take out Chirashi. To say I was pleasantly surprised would be a complete understatement. I find sushi in Providence to be disappointing overall. My go to test dish is Chirashi. It allows me to sample a variety of fish, judge quality and freshness, and have an idea of portion size. First off, very timely service. Second, what a cute space and ample bar! Got home and unwrapped my dish. Wow generous portions, beautifully presented. None of that space filling imitation crab. An eye catching assortment of tasty tidbits artfully arranged w appropriate accoutrements. Flavorful sushi rice. Plentiful wasabi and ginger. Miso soup subtly flavored w just enough seaweed and tofu to satisfy. Need I say more?Just to emphasize my delight, this review was drafted halfway thru my meal because I simply couldn't wait to wax poetic.
<review# 1176,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/12/2012,11/6/2012,493,313,5,11,6>WOW. I was absolutely blown away. In a good way.We arrived without reservation at about 7:30 on Saturday night. The place was busy and the very pleasant hostess indicated that it would be some time before a table opened up so we had a seat at the front bar. Small, intimate with a direct view of the kitchen. Very taqueria-esq if you will. Love that. We started with a traditional margarita and a blood orange margarita. YUM. Well made and tasty. A table opened up and we were seated in aother cozy - but not cramped room. Being situated in a house from the 1700's with low ceilings, lots of small rooms with wood floors really lends itself to the overall welcoming ambiance. And this is where things got awesome. We decided it being our first time there that we would enjoy several small plates so we started with a Lobster Quesadilla (Lobster, corn, scallion, tomato & Oaxaca cheese) and Corn & Clam Chowder with Jalepeno bacon. No disappointments omn those two items and that version of chowder may be my new all-time favorite.Then came a culinary marvel. I can not even begin to impart through this review and words just how amazing the Avocado Fries with Chipotle Mayo were. Imagine, if you will, slices of fresh avacado dipped in a light tempura batter and then fried very very quickly. Then imagine picking that edible delight up and dipping it in chipotle mayo and biting into a rush of textures and flavors. First the chipotle mayo with just a little kick then the slight crunch of the batter (I hesitate to use the word "batter" since it was so amazingly light but I am at a loss as how to otherwise describe it) then the cool avacado. OH.MY.GOD.But wait, there is more. We split the Chili Dusted Sea Scallops which are served over a salad of local arugula, jicama, cucumber, mango, pineapple & citrus vinaigrette - with a little goat cheese. Flavorgasm.The service was fantastic. Food amazing. Ambiance just perfect. I can't wait to go back.
<review# 1177,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/19/2012,11/5/2012,149,382,,7,2>Believe the buzz about the Beehive Cafe.It's my little bit of heaven on a Summer's day.  When the sun is shining and I'm in the mood for an iced coffee and a bight to eat, I place my order and head up to a cozy spot on the outdoor patio. The menu isn't huge, but it is filled with lovely vegetarian dishes (try the chickpea burger!), yummy grass fed beef burgers, and tasty sandwiches.  Your side options, the dressed greens and the fried chickpeas will make your choice rather difficult, as both are terrific.  They are open for dinner a couple of nights and you can find the dinner menu on the back of the menu.  I haven't had breakfast there yet, but I've been dying to try their yummy sounding breakfast sandwiches.  They also sell local sodas, lots of tea and espresso drinks, and scrumptious baked goods.  The staff are always friendly and accommodating.  I love the system of placing your order and getting a different farm animal figurine to mark which table has what order.  My only gripe is that when it's busy, there is always a line for the single bathroom.  The location is superb, right in downtown Bristol.  The upstairs patio has a lovely view of the water, where you can watch the boats in the harbor and the locals and tourists picnicing in Independence park.  If I lived closer to the Beehive, I would be hanging out there every day.  The food, the fabulous coffee, and the fantastic location make for a wonderful experience every time.
<review# 1178,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/7/2012,11/4/2012,115,164,1,6,5>Floored by how good my experience was at Recycle-A-Bike.  I went with the goal of repairing 2 flat tires (damn you, Point Street Bridge), getting an estimate for selling my 1,000lb vintage Schwinn, and browsing the selection of refurbished bikes they have there to buy to replace my commuter bike.  I got all of that done plus more, for the bargain price or $15 for parts, labor, training, and consultation.  And knowing that I supported a one-of-a-kind community-based nonprofit. Recycle-A-Bike, formerly housed at the Steel Yard, is a volunteer-driven social venture nestled in the heart of Olneyville, behind NY System Weiners.  Their mission says it all: "RAB is a volunteer-based community organization that connects people with refurbished bikes, provides practical bike knowledge, and advocates bicycle use by safer, more confident cyclists." So there's an education component to teach bike mechanics and maintenance, a store component to buy affordable used bikes, and a service component to have your bike fixed up by one of the volunteer bike mechanics.  The location is a total gem.  Plenty of parking available in the lot. The place was bustling!  Kids trying out bikes to buy, teenagers completing the Build-A-Bike program (32 hours of hands-on training where they build one bike for the shop to resell and one bike for them to keep), community members stopping in to use the readily available tools and bike stand, and volunteers helping out the folk like me who needed some hand-on help and guidance.  It felt like family- unified by a love of the bike and a commitment to community development. The volunteers were all super knowledgeable and friendly.  Turns out that the volunteer who helped me is a Brown professor and volunteer rugby coach who worked at a bike shop on Hope St. forever and a day ago.  He knew his stuff, and was an absolute joy to chat with.  I just can't say enough good things.  The service was great. The experience was great.  The parts and labor were a total steal of a deal because of the volunteer hours.  And I know that I supported a great cause in my neighborhood. I'm toying between completing the 32-hour Build-A-Bike program to get a bike and the training, but if time doesn't allow in the fall, I will definitely return to the shop in Olneyville to buy my new commuter bike.  Who needs a bike shop? I've found Recycle-A-Bike.
<review# 1179,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/24/2012,11/3/2012,142,225,3,4,5>Refined and comfortableAbove average sound qualityFulfills a niche needMy wife and I gave The ROI a shot this past Saturday evening for after-dinner drinks and live music, and we were pleased with the results.  (We didn't sample any food on this go-round.)  I liked the effect of descending into the space, mildly obscured from view as you first enter, greeting the entrant gradually with an expanding view of the bar and dining area, the music's vibrancy rising as you make your way lower, and the atmosphere fully on display once you reach the dining floor.  Everyone knows the best jazz joints are nearly never above or at street level, after all. The space is used well - there is a welcoming, casual/sleek bar with ample seating as you first make your way in, some room beside it to stand and mingle, and dining is primarily to your right, as is the stage.  It's bigger than you might first imagine from the street, but not cavernous. The pattern of tables and booths seems well-suited for people who would like to take in the music show aspect, as well as those more there for a dinner with acquaintances who are satisfied to simply overhear the show as background. As a performance venue, the stage is commodious without a trade-off in intimacy, the sound system was right on par, and the performers themselves were very capable.  There was a range in the set from an instrumental, percussion-heavy version of Stevie Wonder's "Don't You Worry 'Bout A Thing," (a favorite of mine), some golden age crooning style tunes, and even a little Al Green "Let's Stay Together" riff that omitted select Motown-ness but kept the spirit and added a little pep.  So, not a pure jazz joint, per se, but in keeping with the type of venue we could use around here. The cocktails we got were tasty and well-executed, but not specifically special or original; my Post-Op Buzz, for example, was essentially a martini-glass take on a blended Black Russian.  And I liked it - but I likely would have gotten it for a good deal less than $12.95 had I asked for a Black Russian.  Part of that is cocktail economics, but part of that is just plain high prices for the area.  On the flip side of that - there was no cover for what is a bar/restaurant AND a competent music venue, so that's a trade-off worth noting. The bartender was a man who was built like a bull and spoke like a professor - a very likable guy named Joe, I believe.  He was friendly and a credit to the establishment.  We talked vodka styles, and sampled one called Zubrówka Bison Grass - because after all, when one has a chance to sample a Polish bison grass product, you pretty much take that opening every time, do you not?  (It's just occurring to me that I don't believe that particular sample made it onto our tab, so many thanks to Joe for that one, and we'll get you back next time.)We'll be back for more here, likely trying dinner next, but I'm pretty sure we'll hew to the Saturday night slot, because the music (judging by reviews of sans-music nights or lunches) sounds like the real raison d'etre here.  Recommended for a try.
<review# 1180,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/14/2012,7/30/2012,1202,670,3,4,3>I finally was able to try the tacos here, and now I understand why the wait was ridiculously long the first few times I tried to visit (seriously, an hour wait for a run down looking taco shack?!). Bottom line, the tacos I had were cheap ($1.60 each) and good (al pastor, carnitas, chicharron). You can even get your car wash at a neighboring business while you wait (or alternatively buy some flea market goods if you're into that sort of thing). I'm definitely coming back for tacos, I started having cravings for another taco al pastor after eating the first tasty one.
<review# 1181,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/26/2012,7/29/2012,66,88,2,5,2>This 1920's themed speakeasy is just what Providence was missing! Creative cocktails menu items are cleverly named to pay homage to the era.  I enjoyed the Pop-a-Cap Corn with a Rockefeller cocktail.   The lounge is sexy, intimate and fun. I went for drinks and apps and stayed for dancing. Definitely try their Roast Tomato Bisque and Fresh Tomato Salad w/ Grilled Shrimp.  I was really surprised at the size of their shrimp - big and delicious!   For appetizers, I highly recommend the Pollo Poles (rosemary rubbed grilled chicken with 3 dipping sauces) and Dip & Chips (spinach & artichoke dip with seasoned pita chips). I can't wait to go back for dinner!The decor is sexy - baroque walls feature framed vintage photos of the era. It's done tastefully and not tacky. Vanity should definitely be on your Happy Hour list!
<review# 1182,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/22/2012,7/28/2012,341,508,,4,2>Overall, I have no complaints about Lemongrass. The service is good and everything I have eaten here as been delicious thus far. The nime chow was tasty, the sesame chicken is very good, the curried chicken is not quite what I expected but it was delicious (I expected it to be more saucy), and the pineapple fried rice is delicious, but not really authentic (missing the curry powder). The lemongrass chicken wings are above and beyond the greatest thing in the universe. They make everything else just pale in comparison. They are my favorite chicken wings outside of Buffalo wings I think I have ever had. They have great spices typical of a Thai curry sauce along with crunchy peanuts to add even more texture and flavor. Seriously, I cannot get enough of these wings. I continue to order other delicious choices off the menu, but not without an order of these wings alongside. Although this isn't really a Thai restaurant per se (it has Chinese and Japanese items on the menu as well), it's a very good ASIAN restaurant in the area. It's a lot closer for me to get takeout from here than somewhere in Providence, so the added convenience definitely makes it a top choice when I'm craving Asian food. If you go here, I highly recommend the wings. Don't forget. I'm serious :)
<review# 1183,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/7/2012,7/27/2012,103,203,2,5,4>They did a jiffy brake job on a Friday afternoon on our Suburban when  the rear line blew hours before a weekend getaway.What I like:*They tell me what's really wrong with my vehicles (they're not searching for issues)*They are willing to give me the fix now  / fix later list*They don't get upset with my fix later decisions*They are fairly priced and I trust their work*They are family-owned and operated*They are close to my house. Seals the deal...
<review# 1184,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/31/2011,7/26/2012,60,80,4,3,1>Pastiche is a small dessert cafe with a few tables.  Be prepared to wait for a seat or just order to go.  You can walk around with your fantastic pastry.  I can assure that the wait is worth it.All the cake, tarts, pies, and all the rest are delicious as well are the drinks (primary coffee and tea).  So be adventurous!  You're pretty much guaranteed to get a good dessert.Dieters Beware, in my opinion, this is not a place you should enter Pastiche.  You will not lose weight here!  I had the pleasure of having a large piece of chocolate mousse cake.  It was not a Low-Calorie piece of cake.  It was loaded with all those fantastic calories.  I should have really gone to the gym the following morning.
<review# 1185,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,3/7/2012,7/25/2012,84,176,6,5,4>All I could think while I was at the Scurvy Dog was it felt like your boyfriend's bachelor pad. Who's kinda into hard rock/punk/metal. Who brought some odd souvenirs back from Mexico. Who has really great taste in beer.The Scurvy is dark, small, dingy and bare bones, but there's something comfortable about it. Maybe it's the pool table. Maybe it's the friendly barstaff. It's definitely not the location - ha. I can't say I'd come back on my own, despite the reasonably priced craft beer, but I would come back if friends were on their way.
<review# 1186,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/9/2012,7/24/2012,239,181,3,3,5>I just realized a few days ago that I haven't reviewed Harry's.I really have to tell everyone on Yelp, if you live in Providence or are going to be visiting, you really need to do yourself a favor and go to Harry's.It is a mix of a gastropub and a great burger joint (what genius combo btw). You can go strictly to drink at the bar or just go for the burgers, or do what I do and mix beer and burgers.You cannot go wrong with any of the sliders on the menu, from the Bacon Cheeseburger right on down to the MOAB (Mother of all Burgers). For a side go for some sweet potato fries with the very tasty aioli or their delicious chili cheese fries. We are always taking visitors out to Harry's and when we need a go to place for a date we always have Harry's on the list. Seriously my mouth is watering as I write this review.
<review# 1187,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/23/2012,7/23/2012,23,137,2,4,1>Two of my dearest friends feted me last evening at Chapel Grille for my upcoming birthday.  I honestly hadn't heard anything about this restaurant, but one of the friends lived closeby to it and was eager to try it.  So we did!  From the moment we walked in, we were treated like royalty, from being escorted to our table, having our chairs held, and our wonderful waiter, Cory, who the three of us would now like to adopt!   The food was magnificent.  We ordered drinks (I thought the amount of wine was just a teensy bit on the skimpy side, but I do like my wine, so....... !)     We were then presented with a lovely bread basket filled with warm breads including focacccia along with a  quartet of olive oils (California, Greek, Spanish and Italian).  The latter were presented in a small rectangular server which contained four sections.  Each of the olive oils, and particularly the bread, were delicious.  Then the three of us shared three appetizers:  the ubiquitous and oh-so-loved by RI'ers calamari, (cooked to perfection - Oh who am I kidding? - - fried to perfection -  and served with an amazing a'liol), Blue Point oysters on the half shell, and a delightful portion of unusual devilled eggs which had other good (but now forgotten) ingredients than one would normally imagine.  One friend ordered lamb chops - there were four delicious-looking ones on her plate and she said they were terrific.  My other friend ordered a baked cod dish - a huge portion, large enough for two, and I ordered broiled New Bedford scallops which  came with two unbelievably delicious sides (one can choose two from a variety of others)  - I chose sauteed spinach and linguiette with vodka sauce.  Linguiette is apparently spaghetti with a fancy name.  Everything was absolutely delicious, but the pasta was beyond amazing.  Since I cleaned my plate of everything, I only had a few tastes of the pasta which was served in a separate bowl, sending most of it home with my friend, who is far thinner than I, and could therefore afford to eat it the next day.  I thought my calorie consumption for last evening was more than adequate.  Really way too stuffed to have dessert or coffee, my friends paid the bill and the waiter was SO attentive to us, even taking our photo with his iPhone and emailing it to me on the spot - NOT TO MENTION walking us to the door,  that our evening could only be described as perfect.  I will definitely be back to Chapel Grille.  The building (Sockanosset's original chapel) is gorgeous, the ambiance superb, the service impeccable and the food magnificent.  Nuff said.  Go to Chapel Grille (it's a bit pricey but it would make a wonderful special occasion venue) - you will never regret it.  And now I am wishing I took the pasta with vodka sauce home for myself!  :-)
<review# 1188,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/20/2012,7/22/2012,26,111,,4,3>This place is alot bigger than I thought it was. There's pretty long trails along the ocean and also through brush that are kept very clean. Quite a few "shoreline access" paths too but they are extremely rocky and a couple are kinda steep. There's no beach or anything, you'll just be climbing over big and small rocks to be near the water or go fishing. I walked along the rocks from one access path to another and I guess it was low tide because there was lots of dried up seaweed pretty far up the rocks. There's some real pretty views out here and lots of birds throughout the whole place, although I didn't see any raptors or anything else rare at the times I went. There's a free parking lot at the visitor center that seems kind of small, but there are always tons of spots.
<review# 1189,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/9/2012,7/21/2012,66,222,3,4,1>GREASE CENTRAL... PEANUT CENTRALI personally think that 5 Guys is overrated. I think that you can get a Burger, fries and a soda, cheaper at a sit down restaurant.When you order fries, buy a small to spilt. I love fries and had to take home 3/4 of the bag/ cup.
<review# 1190,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/24/2014,4/16/2014,65,137,6,8,7>Princess Mayhem Kittyface is feline royalty and has discerning taste. She appreciates funky cat art, snuggles, compliments, and rad people. This, my friends, is why we go to City Kitty.This practice, easy to find in the Jewelry District, has the best staff around. The vet techs know your perfect princess is going to HATE being poked and prodded and they take it in stride. Reassuring and calm, they keep your kitty in place for Dr. Sarah Mercurio's exam. The doc is great and thorough, the exam is quick, and you're soon on your way. Mayhem wasn't pleased with getting two shots, but I get it. Shots aren't fun. I'm sure Mayhem appreciates the team at City Kitty and enthusiastically gives them a 4 paw rating. I give them 5 stars and encourage you to take your little purry friends there, too.
<review# 1191,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/25/2014,4/15/2014,20,192,3,4,3>This came up #1 for the Providence area, so my fiance and I decided to have our wedding save-the-dates printed here. We had designed them ourselves and had them on a drive. He pulled it right up, printed a trial and then showed us a few different paper options. 10 minutes start-to-finish, and our decisions were all made. 2 days later, we picked up the beautiful results, nicely packaged, and the price was significantly less than our quote from a place that rhymes with "Naples."
<review# 1192,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/6/2014,4/14/2014,57,152,2,6,3>So glad I checked it out!  This consignment store offers women's as well as men's clothing, shoes and accessories. The selection is clean, varied, and ample (be sure to check out the downstairs!). I'm not sure if the guy who helped me was the owner, but I found his attitude and service to be excellent. A refreshing change. I only have a couple small criticisms; They are priced a smidge high, and the downstairs is a little dark.Note; I forgot to ask the man working, but I'm not sure why the stencil in the window says The Port. Maybe that was an older business?
<review# 1193,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/27/2014,4/13/2014,73,420,,7,3>It was National Margarita Day and I felt the need to celebrate.   Yelp reviews led me to Toro on Federal Hill.   Toro just opened in December and is very light and bright inside with a festive decor.  It is also very clean.   We were the only ones in there around 1:00 on a Saturday.  It's a shame because we enjoyed our time there.   They deserve to have more business.  I hope more people find this spot.  I decided to go with the Skinny Margarita and my husband with the Negra Modelo on draft.  These were definitely some of the better skinny margaritas I have had.   The complimentary chips and salsa were quite tasty.  We asked for a side of guacamole as well and it was fresh and flavorful.   We both decided to try the chicken tortilla soup.  It was quite different from others I have had, but really good.  It was loaded with white meat chicken and had a strong corn tortilla taste.For my meal I went with a combination plate and chose a chicken enchilada and a soft chicken taco.  My complaint about most of the food on my plate is that it needed a little bit more flavor.  Hot sauce on the table wouldn't be a bad idea.  Both the enchilada and taco were loaded with white meat chicken.  There was no skimping.  The rice was OK, but skip the refried beans.  They are super bland.   There was also a pickled slaw on the plate.  I wish there was more of it.  It was delicious.   My husband had the seafood fajitas, which consisted of scallops, shrimp and calamari.  No skimping there either.  He enjoyed them. We skipped dessert but ordered another round.  The owner helped my husband pick a tequila for his "dessert".  The owner, who was also our server, is super nice.  His wife does all of the cooking.  I wish them both well and plan to return.
<review# 1194,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/27/2013,4/12/2014,149,382,2,5,4>I've come to greatly enjoy the Comedy Connection in lil' ol' East Providence.  Having been a huge fan of the comedy club we frequented in Denver, I was a bit skeptical when I first arrived at CC.  It was surely a different atmosphere, but I thought hey, why not?  I love to laugh and my husband loves stand up comedy as well so it makes for a great date night.  The comedy connection has more of an open feel to it and is less cramped than what I was used to in Denver, where they shoved you in like sardines.  Prices are pretty reasonable depending how popular the show/line up is. I've been for a regular stand up show and for their amateur night, which offers a long list of comedians from the area who range from the not-so-amateur to the "hey guys, this is my first time doing stand up that isn't in front of my friends, so bare with me".The beverages are pretty fairly priced for a comedy club, and the draft beer selections holds a few craft gems to make me happy.  It's a little hard to find if you are unfamiliar to the area and parking can be tricky on busy nights.  Best bet is to arrive about 45 minutes before the show and find a spot in their lot.  Park is free, which is always a plus.  I think that is probably one of the best perks to this place NOT being in downtown Providence.  So if you love to laugh, enjoy decent priced drinks and well, service is pretty friendly, if not a little slow at times, I highly recommend CC. It's a great place for big laughs but with definite little Rhody flavor.
<review# 1195,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/31/2014,4/11/2014,11,83,2,7,4>This theater shows wonderful independent and foreign films. What really brought it to another level for me was being able to see the Oscar nominated short films. I have never seen these advertised elsewhere and thoroughly enjoyed them. Would love to see more short films lumped together and screened through out the year.   They also sell their movie posters which can make really great gifts for the film buff in your life.    Only down side to this place is that they only have one bathroom and where it's located makes it kind of awkward to wait in line.
<review# 1196,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/9/2014,4/10/2014,19,230,2,4,3>This is one of my new favorite restaurants in Providence! We went for a work dinner, there were 9 of us. The food was incredible, we had the jerk chicken, a couple of the pasta dishes, the salmon and the wasabi tuna. We also tried the veggie dumplings. Everything was so good! The server was friendly but not pushy and the ambience and feel of the place was warm and cozy. I really loved everything about our experience. The entree's run around 20 dollars but I think it's totally worth it.After dinner a few of us stayed for the 5 dollar martinis and I'm so glad we did. For five dollars you get a delicious cocktail and they don't go light on the alcohol just because it's a special price. They have different specials every night, we happened to be there for this drink special and half price apps. If you are going with a big group, I would recommend making a reservation if you are going during dinner time because it filled up fast. We were there until close and talked to the owners who were also incredibly friendly and gracious. Price, atmosphere, food, drinks and staff were all on point! I love, love, love this place and will absolutely be back- I hear they also have a vegan tasting, I cant' wait to check that out!
<review# 1197,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/28/2013,4/9/2014,55,257,,12,4>Here goes... this is going to be a long one, so strap on your seat-belts and get ready for the ride.I used to have a hairdresser friend who was the first person to touch my hair in years, like 10+ years.  When I met my friend, my hair was down to my butt and after some convincing, I decided to make the decision to cut it.  So my hair was taken up about 6 inches to my chest area.  A few months later, it was cut to my chin in a very cute angled bob look.  Everyone I knew was in shock because they never thought they'd see the day that my long luscious locks would be gone.That was 5 years ago.  Since then, I've been letting my hair grow and grow.  My hair is thick and curly and annoying; so all I would really ever do on a daily basis is throw it up into a bun or in a pony.  How boring.  I started looking through old pictures of me with short hair and going online to  look at hairstyles and I finally made the decision that I wanted to go back to the short style and donate my hair to Locks of Love.I didn't know where to begin with finding a new stylist because my friend doesn't' do hair anymore.  I asked around to other friends, but wasn't really happy with what I was hearing.  Then I turned to the next best option, Yelp.  Yelp put me in touch with Flipp Salon and after reading all of the stellar reviews, I said to myself "this is the place I need to go."I called on a Friday and was able to schedule an appointment for the next day at 1:30 p.m. with Davon.  I explained to the receptionist that I have very long hair that I'm attached to and I need someone who is going to coddle me and really listen and understand to what I want in my new do'.  I arrived at Flipp at 1:30 and met with Davon.  I showed her a couple of pictures and explained to her exactly what I wanted.  She was WONDERFUL!  Not only did we have great conversation for the 2 hours I was in the chair, she really truly listened to exactly what I wanted done. I mean, come on... this is a drastic change for anyone.  When all was said and done, she cut off 19 inches which I took home with me and will be mailing to Locks of Love on Monday.  I would highly suggest Davon to anyone looking for a sweet, honest and talented hair stylist.  She asked me my opinions on how it was looking and if I wanted anything tweaked, instead of just having a go at it and hoping I would like it.  She gave me the choppy, edgy and cute angled bob that I was looking for. Well, you know what... I LOVE it.  I love my new hair and I will be a client of Davon's for as long as she is doing hair in the PVD area.
<review# 1198,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/4/2014,4/8/2014,72,146,2,9,5>Another gem has opened downtown. I've been poking my head into the arcade for months, just to see if Rogue Island had opened. They are working a soft opening for now and a grand opening is not far away. I grabbed a bar stool and ordered their HOUSE ground burger. Accompanied by steak fries to end all other steak fries. Perfectly seasoned and crispy, and they don't skimp either. The burger was cover with a warm blanket of brie and topped with radishes and arugula. It would be a sin to use ketchup or mustard on this masterpiece. Wood Rules... making the industrial age decor warm and inviting. Lit by the throw back Edison light bulbs, the larger than life wood bar and tables were made from trees, downed by a recent hurricane. (overhead the bartender explaining the wood to another person at the bar) I'm really looking forward to a dinner here soon and will update my review as soon as I do.
<review# 1199,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/27/2013,4/7/2014,53,149,3,6,5>A few things that made this late-night spot so awesome:-- They are open til 2am. This practically NEVER happens in RI.-- They have MORE THAN just burritos on their menu.                  (They have chicken fingers, salad, burgers, nachos, etc.) -- They have no quelms on loading your order up! -- There is a TV at every seating area.                   (Although I could do without, it's still pretty neat.)-- They are quick to serve your hungry self.-- It's pretty cheap and affordable. Brownie points!!-- They don't charge extra for certain toppings. My guacamole lovin' self is psyched!-- Their food is a fresh, sloppy, delicious mess. End of story.The only downside is it's claustrophobic space that virtually only leaves room for a single file line. Other than that, this place is awesome. Needless to say, I will head here first before I walk into a Chipotle or Cilantro ever again.
<review# 1200,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/7/2013,6/8/2013,36,150,1,6,4>Good grief, The Ice Cream Barn. I cannot explain to you how one small barn in Swansea has so altered my perception of a dessert I eat constantly. I never want to bother with store bought, corporate brands again. Pints are 2/$9 and I fully intend on grabbing a few on my next trip. Creamy, delicious artisan (I loathe using that word, but it really applies here) ice cream that fails to disappoint no matter what flavor you're eating. The apple crisp ice cream is creamy with big, satisfying chunks of apple while the "no sugar added" cinnamon tastes divine and perfectly sweet despite the lack of added sweeteners. Last time I went there I tried the lemon blueberry yogurt in a waffle cup after reading so many reviews of it and it really, truly doesn't taste at all like yogurt. The real, juicy blueberries and crisp lemon texture make it taste much closer to a sorbet than a yogurt and it lacks the yogurt-aftertaste that drives many from eating it. There's free Xfinity wifi throughout if you wanna browse the Internet while eating and rustic tree-trunk benches to chill on while eating outside, gazing at the sprawling farmland. I really want to try the coffee milk and cranberry jubilee flavors next time I'm there. If you're anywhere near the Swansea Mall, a quick trip to the The Ice Cream Barn is a perfect mini retreat to get some delicious ice cream, refresh and get away from it all.
<review# 1201,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/30/2013,6/7/2013,34,119,,6,6>This was my first experience with personal one-on-one training. I was a little nervous but it was great! I worked with Nigel, he starts by having you do a few simple things so he can just get an idea of what you are capable of. I told him to work me hard... I did almost vomit at one point :) It was great!The space is nice, clean and feels pretty private. The workout that Nigel planned for me was awesome and it was actually really nice to have someone there to grab the weights when I was done so that I could go right into the next thing. I was able to maximize my hour long workout w his help. He is a great dude who knows his stuff. Go check the place out, you deserve it!
<review# 1202,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/10/2013,6/6/2013,7,105,4,6,5>How on earth did I not know about Carr Haus? A friend recently alerted me to the presence of a mysterious café inside one of RISD's buildings on Waterman "with huge windows to sit by and WARM croissants." I finally went and saw it for myself, and the windows were indeed big and lovely (see pictures), and the croissants- which come in many varieties both savory and sweet- could indeed be warmed. Along with all of the other bakery, which they will warm up for you as well. Warm cookies... genius! I suppose most of the RISD students know about this place and therefore it doesn't need a big sign directing people to where it is, but unless you go to school there it's probably kind of hard to find. Hence me not realizing it existed despite walking past this building many times. Anyway, standing with your back to the big white church you just walk into the Waterman entrance of the corner building at Benefit/Waterman and immediately turn to your right once you're inside, and it's right there. You'll probably hear the music.For lunch either to go or to stay, Carr Haus has a few options including nicely portioned calzones ($5.50). Llike everything else, you can get them warmed up. I had the chicken parmesan, but they also had about 5 other fillings options when I was there, including vegetarian. It took them a super long time to warm it up for some reason (like 10+ full minutes, even though there weren't that many people there). But oh well, it was tasty.Sometimes I discover a new cafe that has good pastries but not good coffee, or good coffee but sub-par pastries. Carr Haus does both well, especially for a student café, and for reasonable prices (it seems it's getting harder and harder to gt a $5 lunch anymore!) I'll be coming here a lot more often.
<review# 1203,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/15/2013,6/5/2013,59,106,,6,2>At long last and after a few truly horrifying experiences, I have found my go-to nail place! Pronails is conveniently located just minutes down the road from my new home and I can walk to my nail appointments!There's really nothing not to like about Pronails. They are up on all the latest nail trends, have all the newest colors in every polish including; OPI, OPI Gel, Gelish, and CND Shellac. The staff are very professional and efficient, once seated it does not take long to complete your service and they even offer complementary paraffin wax treatments. They also compete with the best prices in the area, $25 for a pedicure that includes exfoliation and hot stones, sign me up! The staff is super friendly and accommodating. They love to get creative and are great with various nail design. I've seen many customers come in with designs they found off the internet and the staff always does a great job recreating them.  Pronails is also open Sundays until 5pm! They tend to get pretty busy on the weekends, so try to make an appointment if you can. They will never turn a customer down, but you may get stuck waiting quite awhile. One thing I should note is they do not accept tips via credit card so always make sure you at least have a little cash on you.The establishment is clean, clean, clean! Everything is always well sanitized and maintained. If you have had it with disappointing nail experiences, I urge you to check out Pronails!
<review# 1204,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/24/2013,6/4/2013,82,56,6,2,2>Pretty much the Hooters of coffee... I'm honestly not sure how they get away with what they do.  (I read an article in Harvard Bus Review about their female only hiring policy so I'm not sure it will last)- Regardless, we are here to discuss the coffee... and lord, is it good!  You go here for ONLY the extra extra special iced coffees. These beauties are like crack (never done crack- but what I imaging it to be like) mixed in a cup with a liquified candy bar, and laced with caffeine!  Wowzers!  I order two... always.  One for immediate consumption and the 2nd for in 20 minutes when I need another.
<review# 1205,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/8/2013,6/3/2013,20,58,,3,4>Love Caravela! The waitstaff is attentive and friendly and you would think you are in a fast food restaurant the food comes out so fast! That certainly doesn't discount the quality of their food. My favorite Portuguese meal is steak and eggs and theirs is simply the best I've had this far. The portion is huge and comes with a side of fries that take on the delectable flavors and juices that surround the steak.  I drool thinking of the flavors in this dish! The steak and egg dish paired with a pitcher of sangria is so inexpensive and my favorite pairing! I wish this restaurant was closer as I am certain I would visit it more frequently. Very casual atmosphere, always busy and such a treat!
<review# 1206,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/14/2013,6/2/2013,6,75,3,7,3>This place is a quite gem in a little strip mall. I've heard about this place for a few weeks now and i finally made the time to try it out. This also being my first experience with Indian food.I came here for lunch with some co-workers and the place was absolutely dead hah. We were the only ppl in there. The restaurant is pretty big it can definitely fit a lot of ppl in there. the decor was nice and the lighting was good, lots of natural light it was also a nice sunny day so that helped out. The place is very clean and neat new paint new fixtures new everything. Checked in and got myself a complementary Mango Lassi for it #WINNING. We ordered the chicken curry, chicken tikka masala and chicken vindaloo. Everything came out fairly fast and steaming hot. Came with balsamic rice and we ordered garlic Naan. The curry is a coconut base sauce so it was a bit sweet couldn't really taste it much. the masala was a tomato base sauce almost reminded me of a Alfredo sauce but 10x better (my absolutely favorite out of the 3). the vindaloo is not for someone who doesn't eat hot food. My culture is full of spicy foods so i was fine with it, but i know from experience of eating with ppl who don't eat spicy food much this would be a dish you would not finish. The flavor was great very good but right at the end it gives you a nice kick. The Garlic Naan was great lots of garlic hot and freshly made right before the food came out the clay oven is in the dinning area so you can see them making it.For lunch it was very cheap 30 with tax and tip for 3 ppl... and the portions were perfect. definitely will be back great place.the only thing that bothered me was the service was slow for us being the only ppl in there. i couldn't imagine if the place was busier might be a bit annoying.
<review# 1207,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/19/2013,6/1/2013,26,185,,10,1>I've been twice since it's opened, once for dinner about a month ago and again for Sunday brunch/lunch a couple of weeks ago.  Dinner was on Friday night.  I'm glad I made reservations as the place was hopping.  I wish they were on OpenTable though, since I like having a confirmation email which I can waive at a host/hostess if they've "misplaced" my reservation.  But there were no problems with our reservation here and we were seated promptly on arrival.  The space is nice, open and a bit dark.  Our server was quick to arrive when we sat down and ran over the menu and specials.  We each had one of their special cocktails, which was some kind of cucumber martini thing and was tasty and refreshing.  We split the bang bang shrimp appetizer, which was pretty good; of course, I always like fried food.  I had a salmon special (and I was happy to hear that the salmon was wild-caught, not farm-raised), and my wife had the tuna.  Both dishes were cooked perfectly and were yummy.Prices were very reasonable and service was excellent throughout the evening.Sunday Brunch/Lunch a couple of weeks ago was also good.  I had a couple of bloody mary's that were a little small (hence two), but tasted fine.  We split the bang bang shrimp again, and the two dishes were the crab cake sandwich and the fish tacos.  Both were a bit messy - the crab cake was kind of loose and fell apart a bit, while the fish tacos were a bit soggy, with the juices spilling out of the tortillas, which made them a challenge to eat.  No complaints about the flavor of either dish though.Overall, not a bad addition to the dining scene, even if it is a chain.  We'll be back.
<review# 1208,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/24/2013,5/31/2013,33,73,10,4,5>There was once a lad from up Eighth streetWho took out his girl for cupcakes to eat.They cried "One of each and hop to it!"Then swallowed them whole with hot chocolate,And agreed, with a burp, "What a treat!"
<review# 1209,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/25/2013,5/30/2013,22,121,,4,2>I loved staying here!  The furniture is old and antique-y but not in that "Grandma's House" way so many other historic inns and hotels in New England are.  I mean... unless your Grandma is insanely rich and has impeccable taste.  The bed was super comfortable and there was actually a refrigerator to keep our beer cold, which is pretty rare in downtown/upscale hotels.  You can't beat the views and LOVE the Starbucks downstairs.Major downside: their website does specify that they take pets.  What they don't tell you is that the fee is a flat $75 "deep cleaning fee" just for bringing Fido.  We'll probably leave her at home next time.
<review# 1210,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/18/2013,4/8/2013,24,79,2,6,3>Don't be fooled by the sketchy exterior of the place - this meat market is seriously a hidden gem.  Their prices are unbelievable!  I will only shop here for my meats - I cant even look at the meats at Stop & Shop anymore.  I have gotten the packages before but I prefer to just get things separately as I found out that when I did the packages there were a lot of things that I didn't end up using.  I regularly get the chicken breast ($2.49/ pound), ground beef ($2.99/ pound), and all sorts of steaks.  They have all been delicious!Just a warning - you have to get used to the smell in the place but it is well worth it for a good piece of beef!
<review# 1211,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/12/2013,4/7/2013,85,139,12,5,7>Cool beans broseph.Toss on that plaid shirt, grab your macbook air, shine up those thick glasses you gawd damned hipster, you've just entered your mecca. Seriously though I'm loving this place, always walked by it when I was hitting up subway a couple of doors down (I know, mainstream guys, I pulled my hood down low) and finally decided to give White Electric a shot since my friend walks all the way from the East side to get coffee here. Well the decor was great, and was a perfect place for the creative juices for the meeting that was had there. Only had to wait a minute for a couple of seats to open up. There were definitely people that setup shop for the whole day here.Couple interesting points, they have a box of free posters/old ads that were pinned up on their wall that you're allowed to take. And coffee refills are half price so...save dem benjamins for your PBR later, guy.There's just one bathroom for men and ladies to use, but to be honest it was pretty clean considering. Maybe its because hipster dudes sit down to pee? Must be constraining in skinny jeans.Prices were great, especially with the refill deal, and I will be sure to be back to try the food, and grab a cup coffee. And maybe sit on my laptop and pretend to work. And wink at a cute petite hipster girl with flowing locks, before realizing its a dude.
<review# 1212,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/30/2013,4/6/2013,42,127,2,2,3>I really like this place. A lot of times if co-workers and I are stuck running errands in the middle of the day we stop here and have some lunch and a margarita or two.It's really low key and the bar is small and almost never has anyone sitting at it. It looks like most of the business they do is take out orders.Anyways, I think the food is really hit or miss. I've have had the pizza and oddly enough I liked the garlic bread that we always get as an appetizer better. The salads are HUGE. Enough to share between two people. The sandwiches are pretty ridiculously big as well and at a great deal. Who needs Subway? Oh and for munchies if you're having a few drinks get the french fries, they are only $2.00 and come as a huge serving. Enough for me and a girlfriend to be full before our meal even came.Bar tender is always really friendly and it has a great laid back atmosphere. Its not a Friday night type of place but it is a great place to grab some food and a few drinks before going out on Friday. Or of course, middle of the day margarita place.
<review# 1213,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/22/2013,4/5/2013,30,63,,7,6>This store popped up last summer in the building that formerly was Meadowcrest Pharmacy. I wanted to stop in here partially because it looked interesting, but mostly because I remember going into the pharmacy years ago with my grandma and couldn't picture it as anything else. (If you're curious, yes, you can see the shape of the old pharmacy still and the pharmacist is still alive and well.) Before you go in, you should know that this is more towards the furniture end of the vintage spectrum than the clothes end.  Among things I eyed were a lovely melamine vanity that tragically wouldn't go in my house and oh, the neat souvenir glasses! There was a nice cache of hobnail milkglass and a bit of vintage advertising towards the back. No pyrex for me, but the owner says it comes in pretty often.And speaking of the owner, he's worth an extra half star himself. He was very knowledgable both about what I was looking for and my remembrances of the Good Ole Days. He's one of those people who you start talking to and feel like you've known them for years. Extra points because he mentioned he had vintage frames, which was the other thing I was looking for. I walked out very happy. I'm betting you will too.
<review# 1214,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/13/2013,4/4/2013,11,40,,7,3>This is the little business that could.  When Monkey Joe's came to town I thought that might be the end of this place, but got it's niche and it's going strong.  It's got a different demographic and that's great.  Kidz Wurld is geared more towards toddlers / preschool.  The ages on the website allows for kids up to 8 years old.  It's the perfect size for my 2.5 year old.  My 6 year old had fun there with her friends but I think an 8 year old might be pushing it.I don't know about anyone else but I get anxious in places like Monkey Joe's and wouldn't take my kids there alone at this age.  It's too big and too easy to loose sight of them.  Kidz Wurld is much (MUCH!) smaller and easy to keep an eye on them from one position.   It does fill up though.  We got there when it opened at 10am and it was quiet. By noon it was very busy.  We have a birthday party we are attending there next month in the afternoon.  I'm curious how that time of day will look.This place is clean! They are seen wiping things down as part of routine and the bathrooms sparkle.  It's nice to feel that you're nor bringing the kids into a germ factory.  Like most places they don't allow outside food or beverages but the cost is reasonable at $1 for juice box, $1 snack.  They offer pizza too but I didn't get the price on that.  The price is a bit steep considering the size of the establishment and if you're planning a short visit it might not be worth while.  It's currently $9 m-f and $11 on the weekend.  But if you need the kids to burn some energy and the weather isn't optimal for being outside this is a great option.  Tip: they do have discounts for m-f checking in on yelp and they did mention there's also a foursquare check-in coupon (less value though)
<review# 1215,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/25/2013,4/3/2013,52,188,3,3,2>Whoops! Just realized I have never reviewed this place despite ordering regularly when on call at the hospital. To make a long story short, Pho Horn can't be beat for pho in Providence. (But to be 100% honest, there isn't a whole lot of competition either).This family-run establishment is located in the kind of plaza that makes you think... oh yes. This is the 90s. Let's rewind and go back to the kind of strip mall that would make Wayne's World proud.But anyway... this is about pho. All bowls are served w/ fresh-off-the-branch basil (so fresh that I wonder: do they have a tree back there that they cut these directly off of?), a good whopping serving of sprouts, just enough jalepeno to give the broth a special kick, and lime for seasoning to taste. I typically get the pho ga (chicken), but the traditional pho bao (beef) is mighty authentic and tasty too.The appetizers are standard--they have the crab ragoons, scallion pancakes, and spring rolls that most asian restaurants have. But their fresh vietmanese spring rolls are a step above the rest. Again, I think it might be the blow-your-mind basil.For pho in Providence, this is really the only place we've got. I'm glad our one shot gets the job done. (That should be a rap lyric).
<review# 1216,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/17/2013,4/1/2013,35,45,1,1,1>Being from SC, I know a thing or two about good barbeque. Let me tell you, Ed's is the real deal. I've been here twice now. The first time I had the beef brisket sandwich, which was awesome. Meat was perfectly cooked--I was very impressed.Most recently I had the pulled pork sandwich. You guys, this was AMAZING. I asked Ed how long he smokes the pork, he told me he puts it in the smoker at 8pm, so it's ready by about 11am the next day. Without any sauce, the pork is delicious on it's own. But the best part is that you get to choose from around 8 different BBQ sauces. I settled on the Sweet Mustard, but I've also had the sweet ketchup based sauce, which was great as well.Can't say enough good things about this place. Ed is usually there, and he is such a nice guy. It's rare to find a great BBQ place in New England (in my humble opinion), but this one is legit.
<review# 1217,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/14/2013,3/31/2013,39,43,3,4,3>Nona's is a hidden gem. I've frequented the many head shops RI has to offer in the area and Nona's is my new favorite. The glass selection is so extensive and beautiful it could be considered like an art museum. Seriously some of the most intricate glasswork and design I've ever seen. They also have a good selection of affordable everyday use glass as well as handbags jewelry tobacco and a bunch of other goodies you won't find most anywhere else. Highly recommended so take the trip out of providence!
<review# 1218,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/14/2013,3/30/2013,19,121,,6,4>Brand new facility with excellent equipment and indoor rock wall for the whole family! We have been members for a few months now and I really enjoy getting to the Y, whether it is as a family or just on my own. The facility is state-of-the-art and I really like that I can workout on cardio equipment and watch my son swim in the pool. Even better, they have an adult only locker room with a steam room. It's great to be able to use the showers and steam room without dealing with unsupervised or unruly children! Check out the Y if you are looking for a new place to workout or take a class!
<review# 1219,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/15/2013,3/29/2013,20,37,2,2,2>Time for a second visit and the place is still great. Kevin makes the truly best St Germaine martinis in the area. For some reason (perhaps the martinis) the simple burgers tasted incredible and the fries were perfectly cooked. This is a place where you can lose the stress of the day and leave feeling great. Low key, just a nice place to hang.
<review# 1220,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/28/2011,1/29/2012,136,330,,3,2>Love - Love - LoveThe most delicious thin crust pizza, delish!  I'm too in love with the spinach and mushroom explosion thing that I get EVERY TIME but someday I'll venture (or loose the battle of 'what kind of pizza should we get') and will try something new.It's really amazing and I suggest you add it to the regular repertoire.Did I mention that it's thin crust?!?! DELISH!
<review# 1221,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/8/2011,1/28/2012,36,56,2,4,3>I truly cannot speak highly enough of Legend!I love to take my 80's Shwinn out on the road, and I do ride frequently, but I will be the first to tell you that I haven't the slightest clue when it comes to repairs or keeping up with the typical maintenance. When I came in the fist time, I was just replacing a seat and the handle bar tape. The person that helped me took me through and explained all my options and price points and asked me specific questions about my riding habits. He really helped me pick out the right stuff.I more recently took my bike in to get the tires replaced.  He was specific and helpful in explaining my options. Even though the shop was hectically busy, they were pleasant and genuine and had my bike ready in 45 minutes, and gave me a courtesy call.  The man who serviced it also adjusted the brakes and the hubs, free of charge. I feel like I got some classy, real old-fashioned service. Everyone in shop is helpful and genuine, and don't look down on you for not being a bike expert. The work was quality, and you can bet your riding shoes that I will be back soon. =)
<review# 1222,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/28/2011,1/27/2012,202,333,9,7,6>CONFESSION #1 - Harry, you are living proof that good things do come in twin packages.  Your sliders are so juicy, your combinations so innovative (like the fungus among us made with portobellos and truffle oil), your buns totally delectable that CONFESSION #2 -  I shamelessly returned here four days after my first visit for round two.  CONFESSION #3 - Joel is a keeper.  How he recognized me after 96 hours with a smile and hello is proof that he could tell I am smitten.  May I also sing from the rooftops CONFESSION #4  - your daily happy hour (half priced sliders from 3-5!) might just put you out of business...$1.25/patty.  Really?  It won't be but a day or two until we meet again.Love,V
<review# 1223,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/18/2011,1/26/2012,66,88,,8,2>Yesterday I called and made a reservation for two for dinner.  I indicated that it was my boyfriend's birthday and that I had a Groupon (which I purchased because I LOVE Cassarinos).  We arrived and the hostess said she was going to check on our table. She went upstairs, came back downstairs, then seated us in the far right corner booth on the first floor.  My boyfriend was a little disappointed (the ambience upstairs is much nicer), so I approached the hostess stand, where the Manager (gentleman in a blue tie) was also standing, and asked if we could possibly sit upstairs - or since I was using a Groupon I had to sit downstairs.  The GM informed me that, Groupon or not, we could sit upstairs so long as there was a table.  He then brought us upstairs and seated us at a table near the window.  Our evening was absolutely perfect from this point on.  Mike, our server, came over and introduced himself to us.  He was friendly, smiled and gave great service.  The appetizer (calamari in a sweet balsamic reduction), drinks (Santa Christina's Antinori) and dinner (eggplant parm for me. filet mignon for him) were DELICIOUS.  I would like to thank the Manager for being extremely accommodating and moving our table at our request.  I would also like to commend Mike, our server, for making our experience VERY enjoyable. He's a great waiter.
<review# 1224,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/8/2011,1/25/2012,76,44,1,5,1>Came here another time (I want to say a 3rd time thus far?) with a group of friends. Service was right on point as always, the same can be said with the food. Last time we came here I don't think they had ramen bowls? I personally have never tried ramen at a restaurant, but they seem pretty good considering almost everyone in our group ordered a bowl and felt satisfied in the end.   For an appetizer, def recommend the Takoyaki! I have to say one of the most creative appetizers I've seen/eaten. Takoyaki is pretty much delicious fried octopus balls. It's served to you with a generously garnished bed of the  finest squid shavings (I like to call them squid ashes- order them and you'll get my point).   All I'm gonna say is that it was a freakishly delicious experience. To some the thought of octopus might sound "too out there", but if you like fish you will enjoy these because they're just like fish cakes. Hopefully that familiarity will ease a person's nerves about trying such a scary looking sea creature. For my meal I had the Seafood Yakisoba noodles. Order them spicy. I have a pretty good tolerance for spicy foods and I thought this was just spicy enough, not to the point where you're hyperventilating for water. Extra points for not being drenched with too much sauce and had a good amount of (nicely charred) combination seafood, squid, shrimp, scallops-- mmmm the scallops! The great thing about Ebisu is that their meals leave you with a good feeling of full, not that satiated ("I can't take another bite") feeling you get with a lot other Asian restaurants. Oh, and I think it's awesome that they're open till 12 am Thu-Sat. :D
<review# 1225,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/8/2011,1/24/2012,323,390,,4,5>I went to the Liberty Elm this weekend on the suggestion of a friend and I was very happy I took her advice.  This is a really neat and funky diner.It is a little out of the way to get to from the East Side, but it was well worth the travel.  When we got there, our party of 5 was seated very quickly.  The coffee is really good, they use New Harvest Roasters and for $1.95, you can get a bottomless cup.  I had the Monte Cristo Sandwich with the Fried Egg.  It was literally all the best combinations of breakfast flavors a girl could want.  The french toast was nicely spiced, the country ham and swiss was decadent and the fried egg, perfect.  The real maple syrup was a great touch!  All my friend's food looked great too!I will more than likely be back because this place has great service and great food!
<review# 1226,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/2/2011,1/23/2012,28,44,9,6,9>I've been here twice, inside's pretty nice,bright colors and art,staff with a heart.Had breakfast both times,Didn't wait in any lines,Was promptly served coffee,found it bold, rich and frothy.First time, wasn't sure what to pick,landed on the brickway benedict.Eggs came perfectly poached,The chef must've been coached.Second visit, switched it up,they still kept  coffee in my cup.went with the Olympus,it was well worth the fuss.Heard that sometimes it's packedin that case, hope you've snackedbut--Brickway's a great place for a casual mealgood food and a good deal.
<review# 1227,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/8/2011,1/22/2012,40,75,,10,5>A much-needed dog park recently opened in Pawtucket's Slater Park. If you know the park, it is near the carousel, where the lawn bowling used to be. It is pretty big and there are two sides, one for dogs under 30 lbs, and one for dogs over 30 lbs. There is fresh water available, and plenty of bags to clean up after the dogs. The big dog side is starting to get a little beat up, but the grass on the little dog side is in great shape. Most of the folks I meet there are very nice. There seem to be a lot of regulars and I've started to run into the same folks. It's a nice, convenient spot to take your dog, and there is a lot to do in Slater Park in general, so you can grab an ice cream or some clam cakes or take your kids to the playground all in one shot.
<review# 1228,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/12/2011,1/21/2012,60,193,,6,3>I really like the design and layout of Fete! I think they have an awesome craft beer selection as well as draft options (although there isn't too many taps). They also have some pretty good wine choices!      They seem to have a good music line up for the next few months and I am eager to see what they can do with this awesome venue. The concept seems fresh for Providence and I think it has amazing potential!!       And so what people think Olneyville is sketchy... maybe it wouldn't be so sketchy if more businesses do what Fete did and actually renovated the old, run down buildings on that side of town!      The decor is like classy-grunge. I like it. I think they paid great attention to detail in building this place. I will be back and Im excited to see this place thrive.
<review# 1229,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/19/2011,1/20/2012,27,126,13,7,5>Let me walk you through a typical trip to Yankee Spirits. - The parking lot is a nightmare on the weekends, but it's more fun if you can make a game out of it. You get 1 point for every pedestrian hit, but you don't get any credit if you make them break any of their beer bottles. A skilled player knows to run down people walking into Yankee in order to avoid this.*- I pick out a shopping carriage. I love that this former grocery store has so much to pick from that you're going to need a carriage to hold it all. - As soon as I walk in there will likely be someone giving out samples. If it's a busy Saturday afternoon then you may even be able to get a taste of a couple of different wines, a beer or two, and some sort of mixed drink that you wouldn't be caught dead buying. Sometimes it's best to hit each line twice. Much like how you don't want to grocery shop while hungry, you don't want to liquor shop while sober. - There are aisles upon aisles of wines and liquors. Every kind of alcohol you could want has its own section with about 41,302 different varities to choose from**- Personally I always bank a hard left and head straight for the beer. If I tried one of every beer they have in stock I'd be drunk for 10 years straight before I finished. I start with a case of Sam Light, grab some sort of seasonal 12 pack, and typically a 6 pack of IPA. Then I start looking for the beers I haven't had. Today's trip found a bottle of Blue Hills Wampatuck Wheat, a Harpoon 100 Barrel Catamount Maple Wheat, a Southern Trail Extra Pale Hoppe, and a six of Flying Dog Raging Bitch. With the girlfriend at my side two bottles of wine and two sixes of cider also made their way into the cart. - I close my eyes and hand my card to the cashier. I hate seeing beer prices because I know the stuff I go for isn't cheap. It hurts a little knowing I could get 3 cases of Natty Lite for half the money. So I honestly can't tell you how the prices at Yankee compare because I do my best to not look. All I know is that a trip to Yankee is like a trip to Target...it's impossible to go in without dropping at least $100. - I get home and try to find room in the basement. Do I have an alcohol problem? Yes, I do. It's that my basement isn't big enough to fit all my booze. This place gets 5 stars from me because of the impressive selection and because it makes shopping for booze fun. * This game is best played only in your head, as running down pedestrians is likely illegal.** A complete exageration if not an all out lie. I can't even count up to 41,302.
<review# 1230,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/10/2012,10/21/2012,31,120,2,2,2>A friend and I went to XO Cafe recently  for brunch.  I was intrigued by their jalepeno cream cheese stuffed olive in one of their bloody Marys but decided on the sunrise mimosa.  It was bubbly, fruity, and sunny! A perfect way to start the morning. I ordered "The Newporter" which is crab and leek hash and two poached eggs served in Mornay sauce.  It was delish,  the crab and leek hash was flavorful and a nice change of pace from your typical breakfast fare.  The eggs were poached to perfection.  So we'll be adding XO to our rotation of brunch places in PVD.
<review# 1231,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/8/2012,10/20/2012,44,172,8,8,7>This is one of the very few 5 star ratings I've ever given, but to be honest  I want to give Kitchen zero stars. Or even minus several hundred stars. Why? I want this place for ourselves. Place is shaker-cool decor wise and the ambience is just perfect for a chill-axing breakfast experience. My huevos rancheros was just so bloody delicious I want to have it for breakfast every Saturday for the rest of my life. And even when I'm dead. Or a zombie.Menu is basic but interesting at the same time and  the food is lovingly presented. Go there and enjoy, unless I'm on the way and there's only one table left. Remember, I might be a zombie.
<review# 1232,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/10/2012,10/19/2012,77,163,1,7,4>Yay!! Finally an awesome bar in the neighborhood! The closest thing I came to before s curve was East ave. Though they aren't alike, s curve is great if you want to grab a cheap beer. And by cheap, I mean every beer pretty much is under $3. It's rediculous. If you're not into beer, I suggest the sangria. It's about $9 for a pitcher! Can't beat that. As far as the food, you gotta try the nachos. They are HUGE. Like, I'm talking massive. I shared a plate of them with 6 of my friends and there was still some left over. So yummy! The chilli they use on them is home made and to die for. The owner and bartenders are so so nice and friendly. Extremely attentive!! I feel like people might be a little nervous to check it out because it used to be the sunshine lounge which was a super sketchy bar. Not anymore though. Completely renovated with new owners and a brand new idea.This is definitely a hidden gem and I really want more people to realize how great it is!!!
<review# 1233,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/14/2012,10/18/2012,84,176,,7,5>I know I am in the presence of culinary excellence when I find myself eating foods I normally wouldn't and enjoying them (red cabbage? chocolate with cayenne pepper? yeah, I'm talking about you). Needless to say, I genuinely enjoyed my foodie adventure at Gracie's, especially the "treats from the kitchen" (i.e. pallatte cleansers): fresh, local yogurt with dried boysenberry and walnut, blood orange sorbet, and Bailey's white chocolate French macaroons. Chef Matt Varga is a culinary god in my book.I am taking away one star for the service hiccups (and I hope I can update my review to a five-star one on a return visit). Gracie's is a fine dining establishment, and with that, I expect fine dining service. I expect seamlessness. I didn't quite experience that, and I truly think it was our particular server, and not a reflection on the entire staff. It took a while for our waitress to greet us, then when we needed a few minutes to review the creative cocktail menu, she gave us an extremely generous 15-20 minutes. It also took a while to place our food order, and I noticed the other servers providing a lot more information about the menu and offering helpful suggestions for a first visit. I was also slightly disappointed that, when our entrees came out, we were served the opposite meals: mine was placed in front of my boyfriend and his in front of me. A minor thing, but again, from a place like Gracie's, I expect perfection.That is my only complaint. The food is out of this world; the service was friendly; and the atmosphere is wonderful -- albeit a little louder than you would expect. I would love to return to Gracie's to try the seven-course Chef's tasting. Any adventurous foodies out there want to join me?
<review# 1234,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/29/2012,10/17/2012,35,88,3,8,3>This place just opened yesterday.   I am a sushi lover and couldn't resist checking it out.  They did a nice job making over the restaurant.  Everything smells new...you can still smell the paint.   As for the sushi...it's great.  Fresh, fresh, fresh.  The sushi rolls were served at the correct temperature (nothing worse than a sushi place that serves too cold maki rolls, except maybe chewy rice).  Speaking of, the rice was perfect.  I also had the soft shell crab tempura appetizer.  Tasty, not oily, and just the right amount of crunch.  Prices are comparable to other moderately priced sushi bars.They need to work on a few small things like having the low sodium soy sauce available on the table (we had to ask) and playing some background music.  They are also in the process of obtaining their liquor license, so stay tuned for that.  I don't know if they've done much advertising, but they should run some specials and put out some coupons to get people in. I hope they do well and stay in town for a while.
<review# 1235,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/3/2012,10/16/2012,103,203,3,10,3>For folks who may have known the Shannon View before the new management took over, this place is nothing like it.  We drove BY it because it looked so different.  Totally cleaned up with a dark green exterior and black canvas awnings. Classy interior with varnished wood - well - the varnished wood is everywhere.  Perfect Irish pub decor.I fancy myself to be an expert on eggs Benedict.  An aficionado , if you will.  I can whip up a mean hollandaise in my humble kitchen and feel that there is no excuse why any restaurant couldn't create one that is at least above average.I tasted an Eggs Benedict here today that was absolutely, without question, AMAZING. I ordered the Trinity which is basically your classic Canadian bacon on an English with the egg and hollandaise goodness.  The English muffin was perfectly toasted with crispy, nearly burnt edges (which I love!).  The egg was prepared "loose" as requested so that that when my knife touched the perfectly poached egg, the yolk cascaded out on the plate with the hollandaise flowing like a gentle river alongside it.  Seriously...if I could cue some classical music to accompany this description I would (Maybe Vivaldi "Spring"...).  I digress.The buck didn't stop here, folks.  All four of us had meals that hit it out of the park - the jam-packed, tasty toasted Reuben, the open-faced Carpenter omelet and the pick-two eggs were done as requested with a generous side of well-done corned beef hash.  Real deal corned beef hash that was more corned beef than anything else. All the food came out piping hot - such a winner with me.Drinks - Homemade Bloody Mary in my own personal mini-pitcher made my heart soar with every sip of the spicy, horseradish love put into this homemade mix.  Mimosas - solid.  And the beer choices? Many...many...many delightful craft and micro brews. They also have the Bud and Bud Light if that's your thing.Service was peachy.  He was super patient.  Too bad I don't know his name, but everyone there was really friendly and eager to please.  Three out of four of us joined their beer club that features fabulous prizes for just drinking, you guessed it, beer. Every one of the beers they offer in fact.  We are in it to win it.Trivia night on Mondays...some other beer flight thing-y special soon to be announced.  Love.  Love. Love.  All we need is love...and the new and improved Shannon View up the street.  Yay.
<review# 1236,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/11/2012,10/15/2012,193,262,,4,3>Every summer I look forward to going to Spring Lake for the Penny Arcade! I pull out all my loose change I've been saving up though the winter, and bring it here. The Arcade is a local RI gem with favorites like the dancing clown, baseball, and bowling. I've been coming here ever since I was little girl, and I still get giddy at the thought.  I really can't say much more than to go experience it yourself! It's located inside the Spring Lake Beach. There's a nominal non-resident beach fee (a couple bucks). There's also a small concessions stand and changing/shower station. Have a BLAST!
<review# 1237,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/31/2012,10/14/2012,107,79,4,1,2>Redlefsen's manages to gather the best parts of Germany and wraps them all up for you in one neat, convenient setting. Here you will find:German beer towers. Belgian ale. Convincingly authentic schnitzel. A vaguely Bavarian décor. Outdoor seating a stone's throw from the East Bay. Oktoberfest recognition.And the best part: Zero yodeling.
<review# 1238,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/3/2012,10/13/2012,51,144,,5,1>If a coworker hadn't taken me here for lunch, I literally would never had known it even existed. That being said, I'm SO glad I know about it now! Baker Street is tucked away off of Allens Ave. and the cafe is a sister shop to Rue Bis (also related to Rue de L'Espoir). I have been back several times for lunch and everything has been solidly above average. I love that the space is bright, open, and inviting. They offer great lunch deals with multiple combo options (like half soup/half sandwich). All of the soups and baked goodies are made from scratch. The oatmeal cookie (served warm if you request it) is seriously amazing. Breakfast items are served ALL DAY (which makes me beyond happy)! They have dine-in and takeout options and the takeout is super efficient, so it's perfect if you want to grab something quick on your lunch break. I can't wait for warmer weather so that I can enjoy my lunch out front at one of their little two-top tables. Service is friendly and always with a smile. I hope more people frequent it so they'll reopen for breakfast/brunch on the weekends. This is a great spot!Oh, and just a note--street parking on Baker can be tight. Try one of the side streets.
<review# 1239,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/23/2012,10/12/2012,31,77,2,2,2>When cravings are felt a thousand miles away, 5 years after eating here, you know you've got something special within these 4 walls.We get the Chicken falafel everytime and it is amazing. The marinated chicken has just the right amount of char on it from the grill. Its always juicy, well seasoned and cooked perfectly.The toppings are super fresh and the prices are more than reasonable.So good...and totally worth the hot burps later.When my wife was pregnant, she'd have falafel cravings, but parking near Thayer is awful, so we used to do whay we called "drive-bys". I'd drive along Thayer, then KICK her out in front of ESP...peel out, hang a few lefts, park and wait for the call to pick her up. It was and still is the most effective way to get your falafel groove on.
<review# 1240,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,1/27/2011,2/28/2011,105,224,1,3,4>One of the my favorite things about Providence is that I can get so many different styles of pizza in a small area. Stuffed pizza isn't my favorite, but sometimes you feel like mixing it up. My big delivery order took an hour from the time I called. I don't think it's that outrageous though because when I'm in Chicago and order a deep dish, they warn you that it takes at least about a half hour to cook. And at Caserta, a different kind of thick pizza, it's common knowledge that your pizza isn't going to come out in less than 20 mins. I wasn't sure I would get my order at all because the phone didn't seem to hear or understand anything I was saying. Next time I'll get a man to call. Plus he wrote down my phone number wrong, and I only got my order because I stalked the delivery guy through the building. I got my pizza, it was piping hot. I thought the crust was a little too dense, but at least it was crispy. It's also light on the seasonings & flavor. The spinach-mushroom filled had a lot of spinach though; you can definitely say you ate a vegetable that day. Despite all that I was happy as a pig in a calzone because hey, it's pizza.
<review# 1241,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/4/2010,2/27/2011,44,172,,4,3>Beautiful rehab of the former dive bar, Babe's on the Sunnyside.  No longer a dive bar, Abe's offers a wonderful alternative Providence watering hole.Great mix of people, beautiful lighting, easy going and prompt staff, and interesting events- book club in a bar?  (Although I have been shushed having a cocktail apart from the book club- more funny than anything and I am, admittedly, a loud talker...)Although they don't serve food, you can get 20% off United BBQ delivered to the bar.  Just as quick as table service, you get upgraded silverware too.Just know- no sign outside the bar, just look for the cool hole in the wall between Brook and Hope.
<review# 1242,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,10/25/2010,2/26/2011,73,433,1,5,2>Broadway Bistro is a pleasant relief from the typical Providence hipster hangout. The restaurant is small and has only a handful of seats at the bar but it doesn't feel crowded.Food prices aren't cheap by any means but they aren't extremely expensive and I really feel that you get what you pay for here.The food is excellent with much attention to detail. The menu is small but concise and they were more than happy to accommodate my vegetarian diet.The crostini appetizer is delicious and oh-so-cheesy! They were able to make a vegetarian gnocchi dish which was really good and my bf had the pork tenderloin special and said it was perfectly cooked.Decent wine list, prices are alright - nothing too spectacular. From looking at other patrons, they do seem to have a fairly good bottled beer selection.The ambience here is really great though. We sat at the bar but it was still quaint and cozy; perfect for an early weekday dinner date.I don't believe they offer dessert however, as we were never asked if we wanted to see a menu. But, they do serve Seven Stars bread which is a big plus.
<review# 1243,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/7/2010,2/25/2011,30,164,3,5,1>Outstanding. That's really the one word that you need to know. I am so happy that my wife and I chose to have a special dinner here.We had never been to Nick's before this past weekend. It was our anniversary and the meal and the whole experience surpassed our expectations. Our waiter was an important part of the experience. Steven was terrific - professional, courteous, and engaging. To start, we ordered the charcuterie plate. It had a delicious assortment of house-made pork delights. The velvety smooth, cloud-like pate was to die for! I say unreservedly, that this was better than any other charcuterie plate I've had in the area and would be proudly served in any similar restaurant in France. The careful preparation was evident in the freshness of the flavors. Wonderfully contrasting flavors and textures are what this plate is all about. We decided to put our trust in Chef Wagner's talented hands and went with the tasting menu. To drink, we got a killer half-bottle of Louis Latour Corton Grancey Grand Cru '01. Actually, we had a second one, as they only had half-bottles of this outstanding red. That wine is incredibly good!The tasting menu started with an amuse-bouche of finely diced cucumber, pepper stick, champagne and something else that I can't remember unfortunately. It was a perfect stage setter. Next up, the first course was a beautiful scallop, skillfully sauteed and cooked brilliantly. Around the plate were citrus diamonds and a delicate honey sauce. The scallop was the crown jewel on the plate and could not have been better.Then we had a fillet of grilled salmon on a green pea risotto. The salmon was, again, outstanding. The green pea risotto was fantastic, and something new to me. The tenderness of the peas was contrasted nicely with the slight firmness of the rice. It was creamy, fresh, and a great counterpoint to the salty components of the salmon.Next was a pork tenderloin with potatoes and a pan sauce. The pork was juicy, with a wonderful crust on the edges, tender, and delicious. As with everything else, the presentation was as artful (with being pretentious) as the food was delicious. Tasteful, really, but thoughtful and carefully executed. Outstanding.We had desserts and coffee, which were from the menu, and just as good as everything else to this point. She had some kind of caramel type thing, and I had the mocha something or other. I wish I had written these things down, as after a while the cocktails before dinner and the wonderful wine took my memory down a notch or two. We've had the good fortune of eating in some world class restaurants in a number of countries. The meal we had at Nick's is right up there with the best. On the way out, we got to meet Derek, and thanked him for a truly memorably anniversary meal. The whole experience there was perfect, and we are looking forward to returning soon.
<review# 1244,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/12/2011,2/24/2011,75,14,,4,1>I just have to say Moss Rocks! I am a Nazi about my blonde highlights, and Tammy (the owner), gets the cool, icy shade I desire and the perfect natural looking placement right every time. Blonde is tough! And I've honestly found no one that does it better (and I have been around!). Tammy is talented, seasoned, grounded, and it's delightful to be in her company while in her chair. I recently got my tresses trimmed too by the lovely Laurie Lamay the same day. Now, my hair is long w/ long layers. It's actually hard for me to discern whether I actually have a good haircut or not. But not so w/ the bang up job that I received recently. Laurie was conscious of areas that had been thinned out too much, and took pains to cut in a way that would help the strands framing my face grow in to look thicker and healthier. Plus she explained everything! I LOVE that! At Moss I feel like I am treated like a Queen! Sia (Tammy's assistant who is a total sweetheart), did the bulk of the caring for this time around, but I feel like I also get this from all I have contact w/. From having my coat hung, to tea being offered, magazines selected that might be of interest, soothing scalp massage w/ a peppermint treatment, inquiries as to what I desire to have happen, and whatever else I may need at the moment. I feel cared for and valued. Nothing better.
<review# 1245,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/11/2011,2/23/2011,4,37,,3,2>Really enjoyed my first two visits here. First time was a quick lunch run that was a good time. The lunch deal is pretty cheap but fortunately, you don't get what you paid here. The sliders and fries were both tasty and fresh.  On the second visit, I hung out at the bar with a buddy. I tried the pastrami sliders which were a crazy good. My friend actually ordered a second round apparently to confirm how good they were.  And yeap, they were just as good. The beer selection was good as well so really, how can you go wrong with this type experience? Oh wait, I know how. I parked in a loading zone and got a $30 ticket. Even so, I was glad I went. I will just pay a bit more attention to the vague Providence parking signs next time. (grin)
<review# 1246,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/11/2011,2/22/2011,193,262,2,2,1>I am a noodles and soup glutton.Short of it: Interesting concept. It's clean and food is good. Long of it: Noodles 102 is kind of hard to find on Ives St.  But if you're coming from Wickenden St, and you've reached United BBQ, you've gone too far.The menu is simple, but hard to read. (I'd be happy to redo the menu, so it's easier to understand. lol)Basically, you pick broth and noodle options of different styles, from japanese to pho style, etc. Then pick a type of broth. And add meat or veggies.Then there's the beebong, which is delicious.I docked it a star for the hard to read menu and high prices. (Each noodle bowl is about 10$) but I give it 4- stars for taste, service, and cleanliness.A must try if you know you want noodles, but can't decide what style. :D
<review# 1247,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/28/2011,2/21/2011,36,56,,8,5>I lived in East Providence for quite some time, and this quickly became my favorite place to grab a sandwich. Since moving back to NRI, I have filled up 3 Sandwich cards - it's worth the drive even if I have no other reason to drive to Seekonk.Neil, the friendly proprietor, is always happy and ready to strike up a conversation. I have never had a vist where I wasn't greeted with the most genuine of smiles. The sandwich selection is killer - a little something for everyone. And .... if they don't have exactly the combination you're looking for, they're more than happy to make up a custom creation for you. Every sandwich comes with a litlle side of cucmber salad, vinegar-y makes me drool cucumber salad. Heck, I would drive to Seekonk just for that. Their fresh baked cookies are to-die-for! Mmmm. And a big bonus, they have a Del's lemonade machine! Or you can go next-door to Sip-n-Dip to get an iced coffee to accompany your 'wich.The store is perfectly tidy, and adorable. There are little bunches of flowers on all the tables. A perfect place for a quick and friendly lunch! Make sure you grab a sandwich card - buy 8 get one free.
<review# 1248,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/29/2010,2/20/2011,32,123,3,4,4>There's something about ground beef I can't wrap my head around. I can't eat meatballs, I avoid ever looking at a meatloaf, and I definitely don't support Irish Mints. But if there is one thing I can stand about ground beef, it's a burger. And it's in my belly.Damien S. of Boston referred me to Local 121 as one of his favorite Providence restaurants of all time. More specifically, he referred me to the burger. So yesterday my boyfriend and I decided to try Local 121 for our "New Place of the Week" experience. I went for the burger.I immediately liked the feel of Local 121. I thought it was a neat looking place that was stylish without being pretentious. As soon as we were seated we were offered water (with a hint of lemon) and left to explore the menu. Looking at the menu wasn't really necessary for me since I already knew what I wanted. Damien said burger, so I ordered the burger. The $16 dollar burger.First impression: meh. There wasn't a party in my mouth the second I bit into the burger. However, as I started chewing the flavor leaked out of all the burger pores (?) and did little dances on my taste buds. Every bite was an explosion that resulted in what I felt was a pretty damn good burger. Was it the best burger of my life? No, not at all. The best burger of my life is still from The Druid in Cambridge's own Inman Square. But it will certainly reside in my top five best burger list.I had a little bit of beef (ha!) with the fries. They were fine, but they could have been a lot better with a little more crisp and a little less salt. Aside from that, the burger and fries combo was exactly what I was in the mood for and thus far the best I've had in Providence to date.Unfortunately I was a little too full to have any dessert, but the next time I go to Local 121 I will absolutely be leaving enough room for dessert and a spot of tea.
<review# 1249,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/17/2010,2/19/2011,2,63,3,3,2>Wow, I'm getting old! Couple of years ago, I came to this address when it was a hair salon for a (big rip-off) hair-cut, I had no idea that it would make a great bar someday! Despite its very hip and downtown-y location on Eddy St., right behind the City Hall, The Salon has a very laid-back atmosphere! Where else in New England, let alone in lil' Rhody, can you find Picnic and Ping Pong Tables, Pickle Back Shots (Jameson & Pickle Juice - don't eww! It's totally amazing!), smores, PB & Nutella sandwiches and great indie dance music under the same roof ?! If you're tired of Tazza, Local 121 and all other either too serious or too tacky bars in the neighborhood; come here! Plus they serve my new favorite beer, Blue Moon! You're gonna love it! There is nothing like watching tipsy urban Providentians play ping pong later in the evening while you're munching on your PB & Nutella sandwich!
<review# 1250,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/21/2014,5/27/2014,30,75,3,7,5>Located in this funky little shopping plaza across from Work out world and Ocean State Joblot. I must have driven past this place a dozen times or more without noticing it. At first I thought it was an out of business furniture refinishers'. Then I thought maybe it was a bird-house emporium. Once I realized that it was a consignment store/second hand shop, and it was open, I just HAD to stop in. Glad I did...Clocks, lamps, knives, corn cob pipes, toys, DVDs, nick-nacks, ships in a bottle, a CB radio, train set, Christmas decorations, some books, a lighter in the form of a tiny pistol, nautical bric-a-brac, jewelry and all manner of assorted baubles - in a word, perfect! The fellow who runs the place (Blue Merle?) seems like a friendly sort. We bought a set of 1970's walkie talkies [working!] for 8 bucks that my wife is currently enjoying to the fullest by listening to people's conversations on Citizen's Band 14, the common use Channel - a laugh a minute and worth every cent!
<review# 1251,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/10/2014,5/26/2014,85,117,2,3,2>You need a decent amount of time to see all that this place has to offer! I definitely agree with another review that you should know what you're looking for ahead of time. Or else you'll find yourself considering just about everything you come across that you like. There's an upstairs and a downstairs. The downstairs has prices that are a bit more reasonable. I walked through the downstairs a few times because every time you see something new. I left with two large antique vases for less than $60!
<review# 1252,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/27/2014,5/25/2014,39,100,2,4,2>A hidden gem of Providence. They sell out fast, so call ahead to reserve your order. I recommend any of the spinach calzones foremost, and then the chicken Parmesan or cheeseburger. I deduct one star for their lack of an easily accessibly menu online as well as for their limited hours of business. I know it's part of the mystery of this seemingly empty shop, but it would make customers happier. Location is also inconvenient for pedestrian traffic.
<review# 1253,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/17/2013,5/24/2014,1202,670,11,7,5>The Coffee Exchange is an evil empire. Why:1. The workers are always way too friendly when offering me carbs, which usually happens right after I complete a very expensive private pilates session down the street. 2. Their pastry selection is local, diverse, egalitarian and high quality. Whaaaaa: Foremost Bakery croissants, Powder Mill cider donuts, etc. carb diet buster galore. Are you kidding me, why do you have to be too convenient Coffee Exchange. For shame.3. They have every coffee nerd contraption I could possibly want. In fact, I bought many of mine here b/c the pricing is fair. They also force me to walk right by that ridiculously well stocked pastry case to get to it.4. They don't have marshmallows for their hot chocolate. But the overly considerate barista overheard me asking and exclaimed, "But we SHOULD get marshmallows! Let's do that!". Why did you listen to me? How nosy and inconvenient if you actually will stock them. That means I'll spend even more money here than I already do.5. Values for fair trade, etc. So lofty it makes me feel inadequate about my own sometimes unenlightened purchasing behavior. le sigh.See? This place is evil. Sinister even.
<review# 1254,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/1/2014,5/23/2014,74,362,,4,3>First of all, I'm so glad this place actually has a half-order option for the dishes, especially the french toast, cause sometimes, I do consider how many hundreds of delicious calories I'm squeezing into my beltline. Secondly, the egg-ham sandwich was one of the best I've ever had. It was rich, succulent, and just what you need in a New England winter. The chicken sandwich was also quite unique, with a blend of spices that was more complex, but didn't pack the punch that the ham-egg-cheese sandwich did.Overall, great place for brunch, date, and I think even dinner was well.Food: 4 starsPrice: 5 starsAmbiance: 4 stars
<review# 1255,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/2/2014,5/22/2014,10,75,2,3,2>Dave's has always been a wonderful grocery store, but it has become a spectacular facility with its new remodel. The expansion has provided the shopper with a huge produce area and "fish" market.  The redesign of the walls featuring scenes of East Greenwich is a delight to those who have lived in town for years as well as to those who just adore the local shops.  Every area of the facility is shiny clean  and welcoming.  It is worth a "field trip" just for the sights but the shopping is a real pleasure.
<review# 1256,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/6/2014,5/21/2014,78,269,3,4,2>I don't have children, and feel I have been an adult since the age of 10, but now I know people who have kids and have the desire to be the person who gives the best birfday and holiday related gifts. Cousins are vegans, into natural seeming products, my best friend's son likes simpler toys, where am I to go? After several horrible experiences at big box stores in their toy sections (cut to 45 minutes in toys r us and not making it past the distraction that is Barbie and how much she has changed and made me sad)  I started looking into local or smaller toy stores. There is one in the Emerald Square mall I like, but really didn't feel like making the trek to the mall on a cloudy day. Yelp pulled through for me and I was on my way to Creatoyvity after a thorough inspection of their site. Their website made shopping here so easy, as it says what they actually had in stock on the items. With a few ideas I was on my way. I wasn't expecting as much to be in the shop as there was! Sections of play kitchen items, blocks, a whole wall of playmobil trains and accoutrements. The front of the store starts off with the more unisex toys that are perfect for tots from birth to age seven or so. The more gender specific toys seem to come with age and are located towards the back of the store. I wandered around without anyone approaching me the whole time, but I may have looked crazed as I held about 4 toys (one may have been an item I wanted for myself) and was muttering loudly if I could get away with buying a toy that was ages 3+ for a 2 year old. (Those are just recommendations, right? Not hard and fast standards).Once I came to a decision (and put down the child's record player I could not justify buying for myself) I made my way to the cash register. One woman was closing out bills and taking gift wrapping instructions while another girl was furiously making the awkward toys into beautiful presents. I suppose since there was a steady stream of business and that everything I saw leaving the place had been gift wrapped, perhaps this is why I hadn't seen anyone working out on the floor. I also would prefer to be left to my own devices when shopping and only assisted when I want assistance. I'll be back though, I have a third birthday party to attend in a month or two.
<review# 1257,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/23/2013,5/20/2014,202,333,2,4,2>I'm kinda done with my gym...In search of something to step up the personal fitness, a friend and I bought a TRX package at Maria's studio.  She and her team run an awesome business.Clean as clean can be - like I would eat off the floors.Bottled water in the fridge. Relaxing ambiance, cool loft space, great tunes, personal care amenities: Meyers hand soap, mouth wash, lotion.  I've done both Pilates reformer and TRX. Both instructors bring great things to the table; humor, inclusiveness for all levels, and slight corrections for optimal alignment. I'll see you next week!
<review# 1258,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/1/2014,5/19/2014,12,104,2,6,4>This is a wonderful Korean/Japanese Cafe!  I walked by one day and just poked my head in.  The staff working there were like "Come on in!" And I told them I just wanted to check it out since I was on my way somewhere.  And they were like "Feel free to come in and explore!"  The staff is very very friendly. I came in another day to eat dinner with friends. I got the hot stone bim bim bap.  It was delicious...traditional tasting to my knowledge.  Ordering is cafe style...you order at the register and they give you a number and the staff brings your food to your table.  The atmosphere is perfect for doing work as well..there were definitely some students sitting with their laptops enjoying a cup of coffee.  I will be back to try their lattes!
<review# 1259,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/13/2014,5/18/2014,63,77,4,3,2>Though Justine's does seem to be a signal of impending hipster-ification (the first step to gentrification) in Olneyville, it's nice to find a place a bit tucked away from the usual spots. We stopped by on a rainy Saturday night, made it past the burly (but very friendly!) bouncer through the velvet curtains, and found ourselves in an Art Deco/Nouveau room, lit with great vintage light fixture and vaguely Chinoiserie wallpaper. This place could be a speakeasy set for some kind of 1920-1930s era period piece movie. One qualm: the layout of the place isn't the most optimal; there could be more seats (or a banquette) replacing the tiny two-tops lining the walls. But it just looks great, so I will respect aesthetic choices.I think the cherries they use are either Luxardo or home-brandied. My estimation of a bar's quality ratchets down about 10 notches if I see that there are the fluorescent fake-maraschino cherries I hate behind the bar, so I knew upon arriving that I was in for a treat. They stock quality ingredients so even your basic drinks aren't made with some awful rotgut-quality well liquor. The drinks menu is well-curated -- no fluff, no filler, no dumb sugar confections with tiresomely risque names. Instead, classic cocktails for $5 each and a few inspired original creations for $8.50 each. I saw some people drinking Miller High Lifes (yeah, yeah, champagne of beers) and this seemed out of place to me, but to each their own. We had the vodka rock & rye and a Manhattan, and both drinks were generously poured and expertly made (the Manhattan is strong and vermouth-heavy, so keep that in mind if your preferences differ). I saw a group of ladies having French 75s, and while I do enjoy a good French 75, I wanted to try something a little more obscure. My drink was great even if the bitter lemon soda wasn't quite a real quinine-based bitter lemon (they use Polar brand seltzer/mixers).This isn't really a place where the bartender wants to have too much small talk with you: this place focuses on delivering well-made cocktails, not conversation. And I respect that a lot.
<review# 1260,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/23/2014,6/26/2014,22,36,,6,3>Oh, Coffee Depot, how do I love thee? Let me count the ways. 1. Hands down, best chai in Rhode Island. OK, So I've only tried chai at like four other places, but I've decided that you are the one for me. You can get spiced or vanilla chai at the depot, but the vanilla is a little too sweet for me, so spiced it is. My favorite drink that I'm shamelessly addicted to - iced spiced chai with almond milk. So delicious and creamy, and just the right amount of sweetness. Not watered down, blegh-ness  (that's a word, right?) like at every other place I've tried. 2. Open mic night on Fridays! So fun!3. Delicious iced tea -- try the blueberry rooibos! So yummy and blueberry-y4. Wifi. yay!5. So supportive of other local Warren businesses... they always have a little boquet of flowers from the Greenery, and fliers and cards from other businesses.6. Friendly staff. The other day, I went in and ordered, completely forgetting it's cash only, and my dumb debit card wasn't working. Nice barista let me have my order anyway, and left a note at the register so I could pay them back next time I came in. 7. Lots of fresh breads, pastries, and sweets. 8. Coffee punch card. 10th drink's free!9. Spacious with some cozy chairs, although it does get crowded. (because, obviously, everyone loves it) Plus, outdoor seating when it's warm!10. They have beautiful art from local artists on display, which I think rotates monthly. If you find yourself driving through lil old Warren, stop at the Depot!
<review# 1261,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/10/2014,6/25/2014,54,42,,11,2>This place is intimate, beautiful while the rates and the staff are not intimidating.   -- Loved Lisa, my massage therapist. She knows how to respect the time and leaves you alone with your thoughts or your dreams...zzzzzzz.  She also did not make me feel rushed; even extended the time of my massage with no extra charge.I also love the concept of a one stop mind-body-spirit place.  I look forward to trying the facial and perhaps classes. There is a small private gym with good equipment.  So clean, so modern art deco and classy yet cozy.  Never thought these are words I could use for one spot. The owners are young and very pleasant. This place made me feel so relaxed and not in the middle of a harsh winter in Putnam Pike! :)
<review# 1262,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/24/2014,6/24/2014,53,70,2,4,2>This is a real, real treat.  We went for the 4 course meal and I'm so happy we did.  I had some amazing carpaccio, delicious fish, and a chocalate-y goodness for dessert that I can't get out of my head.It's in the space the old Tini restaurant was in so know it's small place - be sure to make a reservation.  It's also only bar seating so anything more than a group of 2 or maybe 3 - 4 at a corner won't make a for a great "group" time but that's just my humble opinion. Go here, eat the amazing food, sip a cocktail and/or wine, and just enjoy.   I really can't wait for an excuse to go back.
<review# 1263,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/10/2014,6/23/2014,30,71,,11,4>I'm not one to usually comment on other reviews, but I'm not sure where some folks are coming from with theirs.After dropping my mother off at the airport my cousin and I decided to check it out. We'd tried before, but the lines were always crazy. Not this time! 4pm seems to be a magic time. One person in front of us and a 5 minute wait for our food. Very nice! The clam cakes ARE the small ones I remember from my childhood and the red chowder was exactly as I remembered it. Clam cakes and Chowder enough for 3 people (we took it back to the house where my cousin's Husband was waiting) came in at $17.10 and that includes tax.Rocky Point was a summer staple for my whole family. So when all three of us agreed that this was as good as we remembered and lived up to the hype you know they must be on to something.The clam cakes were small, none over about the size of a half dollar, or ever so slightly larger, and very crispy with a satisfying crunch before sinking your teeth into a satisfyingly chewy center. One thing the light be different is I actually found clam bits in each cake. Can't remember doing that with the original.The chowder was top notch. We had the red and it was chock full of clams, potatoes and other veggies. Flavor was spot on and we all agreed it was just what we remembered.I can only complain that I kiss the little paper bags, coated with grease seeping out from behind the rocky point logo. Clam cakes come in a box that's more like a Chinese take out box and is plain white. A little crack in the rose colored glasses of nostalgia, but it doesn't impact the food, just the memories.Not having to stand in line let me focus entire on the food and the nice layout of the tables and the little ice cream shack (not open yet) and kids rides. Sure it's not THE Rocky Point but they clearly went to great lengths (and with equally great effect) to evoke as much of the original feel as possible. I can absolutely understand how standing  in line for a half hour or more in the sun on the hot pavement can temper a review and dampen the enthusiasm, but the fact that the lines continue to grow and the customers seem to keep coming back says a lot about the reward waiting at the end of the line.If we're being entirely blunt we dealing with a food truck in a Parking lot with a bunch of wooden tables and a very nice facade trying to evoke memories of summer fun. It's no easy task to pull off when the nostalgia and history of the original literally span a hundred years, but in my experience they come as close as one can reasonably expect. A sentiment shared with my dining partners.We'll be back and we're already planning a family day to round up all the cousins and relive a little of that family fun from summers long gone by.
<review# 1264,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/28/2014,6/22/2014,68,635,4,3,2>Okay, sure, the clams are great, the fried fish is blah, unless you like Haddock; which I hate.  If it were Cod, then we would be talking.  Chowder is wonderful and their soups are wonderful as well.  But, that is not why you go here.  What.. Robert, you are nuts.  True, but if you want to know a little secret, quit rolling your eyes at me.  It is the burger.  Yeh, I said it.  The burger!  Hay, that is why I am here; to try the things you wont and let you know that you should so that some day you can say you did.  And you will probably palm it off as some great discovery of your own, and that is okay. So now you know.
<review# 1265,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/10/2014,6/21/2014,53,195,,4,4>After two years, thepatatas and pimien-tos still transport me. After a long hiatus post-baby (because we assumed we'd never get a seat) we went back to Flan y Ajo last week. The menu is still filled with things we loved two years ago: pimientos with salt (this time with more oil, but still tasty), boquerones, pinxtos, pan amb tomaquet. A pescetarian can eat very well at FyA (even a vegetarian can) and without making a huge dent in one's wallet. I only wish the pinball machine were still there, and that the dessert menu expanded a bit. But, really, Flan y Ajo is perfect and completely unique. I'm so glad it's in PVD!
<review# 1266,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/24/2013,6/20/2014,65,138,,4,2>Lemongrass, how I love thee.If you have not been to Lemongrass, you are missing out my friend.  I can't believe that after living in the area for almost 3 years, I have only just discovered this amazing place.  In conversations with the amazing and super friendly staff I have learned this restaurant keeps expanding - which has to tell you something about the food.An order of the nime chow and chicken pad thai and I was completely sold.  Top notch nime chow, some of the best I've had in the state.  Rolled nicely with fresh sprouts, shrimp and basil.  Top with the yummy peanut sauce and you are good to go.  I seriously could eat an order by myself, but there is enough to share!Pad thai, again amazing! fresh, warm chicken, noodles, cabbage - just so good. Perfect portion, you will most likely have leftovers which will be delicious the next day.  On a liquid note, the scorpion bowls are delicious! Pack a nice punch with nice fruity flavors. You just may find yourself at the bottom of bowl number 2 by evenings end.
<review# 1267,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/1/2014,6/19/2014,239,181,,5,1>Wow what a restaurant. Tucked at the end of the road, the Weekapaug Inn is a pearl in Southern RI. This restaurant will become the talk of the state once people realize it is here, much like Matunuck Oyster Bar has become.Owned by the same owners as The Ocean House, this provides a slightly more affordable reach for a 5 star restaurant.Obviously the service is impeccable, the restaurant itself has a nice cozy but upscale feel. Doesn't hurt you are looking at the water.I had squid ink pasta with clams. The slight taste of the ink with the shellfish was very delicious, especially if you love seafood.Please I beg you, go here if you are thinking about that nice dinner out, you will know what I mean when you walk out of there a very happy man or lady.
<review# 1268,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/29/2014,6/18/2014,39,141,,5,3>While I have done the tasting menu here (and it was fabulous), I have stopped by more often for cocktails and small bite(s), so I will focus my review on that to be fair. The bar is well presented, with excellent and attentive service. I get the sense this used to be the only place in town to get creative cocktails, but with rising local competition, I think the Dorrance has held it's own fairly well. I prefer cocktails with a citrus tilt, and last night enjoyed a scrumptious creole lemonade with gin. I have previously sipped on champagne based cocktails there which have also delighted, though weren't as creative.Last night I also enjoyed the homemade beet pasta appetizer with truffles. I could smell my dish from six feet away coming out of the kitchen. Heavenly! The pasta was cooked well and the flavors were pretty balanced considering the intensity of what was packed into the little plate. I enjoyed the presentation as well- a pecorino crisp on top to break over the dish. The server/ bartender instructed me that "she was told to instruct me to break up the pecorino" as some people picked it up and ate it like a cracker. That conversation was a bit awkward but otherwise did not detract from a lovely date.
<review# 1269,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/18/2014,6/17/2014,36,150,,9,3>I'm such a fool. I've lived up the hill from Battleship Brewhouse since it opened and I've never been to visit until this past month. My husband and I tried visiting once on a Saturday night a few weeks ago and weren't in the mood for live music (there was a band playing right in the doorway) so we left, but thankfully we made it back in last week and everything about the experience was fantastic. We couldn't stay too long due to family commitments, but the Battleship Brewhouse is now my go-to place for a beer after "one of those days" at work. Their menu is an eclectic mix of traditional bar food and Portuguese cuisine and the next time I visit I fully intend to see how their chorico and chips stands up next to all the other restaurants in the city serving up the same thing. We ordered hot wings and southwestern rolls, both of which were excellent. It's great that the food here is decent but if you have no interest in eating, the Brewhouse is still  where you need to be to get a great beer in Fall River. My husband got a beer flight and I got a blueberry beer and left wanting to try the whole selection. Shandys, IPAs, hefes, they have a huge selection of microbrews here that you probably wouldn't even be able to find in Providence. While the facility is a bit small it's well decorated and the staff is friendly. Will definitely be back soon to relax and have another brew.
<review# 1270,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/5/2010,2/18/2011,86,152,4,12,7>I wanna start by saying this: I am a Vegetarian Burrito Enthusiast. But some restaurants don't offer vegetarian burritos. So you have to order a regular burrito, but without meat.Half the time you get a tortilla stuffed with bland rice, a few beans, and a whole lotta lettuce. Very unsatisfying.I've been eyeing Taco Mix since it opened a couple of months ago, but today was my first actual visit. Sure enough, they did not have a vegetarian burrito. I ordered a Super Burrito with no meat, not knowing what to expect.It was terrific! Lots of peppers and onions, hearty chunks of fried cheese, beans, rice, and killer guacamole. The burrito was lovely, football-sized, and filling.  I could not eat the whole thing, which is saying something.Taco Mix also serves tacos (duh), tortas, quesadillas, churrasco, tostadas, fried plaintains, pupusas, and tamales. It's really casual, with counter service and disposable plates and silverware. I can't wait to go back.
<review# 1271,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/5/2011,2/17/2011,35,70,2,4,1>I went to this restaurant last night with my boyfriend. When i walked in, i knew it wasnt the "hot spot" of EG - i has more of an older crowd but it was still a good atmosphere. The bartender and our waitress were both very friendly and personable! It was pretty busy, which was a good sign. We didnt have to wait long either. The food was excellent and that will get me to return to this restaurant! I had the chicken sorrento and will probably want to try a pizza or pasta dish next time. This place is a good italian family oriented place!
<review# 1272,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/4/2011,2/16/2011,33,3,,3,4>We've been to the Garden Grille many times before, but never did we ever make it in for their breakfast menu.  Since cooking didn't seem like it was going to happen this particular morning, we drove out to find our cozy restaurant, settled into our booth beside the window, and got ready to enjoy someone else cook for a change.  Video Review: youtube.com/watch?v=AbbMBreakfast Burrito------------------------There was no buyer's remorse with this Burrito.  This breakfast burrito was simply good.  Just the right size portion and especially with a side of home-fries, you leave satisfied.   Here's the breakdown:EggsBeansCornSalsaJack cheeseVegan BLT-----------------Cindy (My wife) had the Vegan BLT and that was another fantastically made entree.  First off the presentation of both orders were very pleasing to the eyes, but the flavor of this home-made bacon was on the money.  The sandwich came with home-fries as well.  Here's the breakdown:Homemade tofu "bacon"ArugulaTomatoes & chipotle sauceAvacado [Extra]Playa Tulum - Smoothie----------------------------------The smoothie was good, not great.  Not sure what it was missing for me exactly.  More pineapple, more strawberry, or more juice?  Honestly I don't want to be super critical because I did enjoy it and I shared it with my wife and she totally loved it.  I just thought it could of packed more of a fruity punch to it.  Here's the breakdown:PineappleCoconutBananaStrawberryNot sure what they used for a juice baseOverall-----------The Garden Grille hasn't failed me yet with the meals that I have ordered.  The total experience from when you sit to when you take that last bite is all 10's across the board.  It's great to see a vegan spot put out some oh so tasty entrees.  Keep bringing your "A" game Garden Grille.
<review# 1273,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/4/2011,2/14/2011,1,2,5,10,4>I just took a pair of light brown leather Cole Haan boots here to get repaired.  They were all scuffed up, had a few spills on them, and were showing the recent weather.  I was really nervous about it because they are my favorite shoes in the world.   They came out looking like new!!!  I was so happy!  I would take my shoes here again in a heartbeat.  The shoe repairman was so sweet too.  Prices seemed reasonable.
<review# 1274,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/16/2011,2/13/2011,564,104,6,5,4>You can find me here every Sunday doing my laundry. They offer Wash-Dry-Fold service, Dry Cleaning serve, self coin operated laundry services, entertainment (TV/Jeopardy) and free wifi! I am writing this review on their wifi! Woot! This tiny Laundromat is super friendly, personable and always clean. They are open from 8am - 9pm. It is not ghetto at all. Usually back in Chicago, every Laundromat iz alwayz hood... ya know wat I mean?! Lol
<review# 1275,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/8/2010,2/12/2011,27,99,4,3,5>Love Love LoveStopped in on Friday for a dozen cupcakes to share with work friends. Cute little store with some seating. Had a good...15 or so options for cupcakes. Which are made with Boooooze!! Hence "Tip*C" ...tipsy? Get it? Who doesn't love a good pun? This girl does!Anyways, great customer service, enjoyed chatting with the guy. And not only was he a great help in the store, i called earlier to check their flavors of the day, and he quickly emailed them over! And! He labeled the cupcakes for me, cause i have the memory of a gold fish (5 seconds, fyi).  I believe the favorite cupcakes were Guiness chocolate, strawberry champagne, and bailey kahlua and peanut butter. Also, they are very nicely presented with fresh berries and such on top. Go here to get yr Nom on...it'd be a smart life decision.
<review# 1276,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/31/2010,2/11/2011,399,1574,,7,2>Great little diamond in the rough. The inside is quaint, cozy and classy. It's a BYOB so you can bring what you want. It's new so they have a grateful attitude to anyone who comes in to eat, and the prices are very reasonable (about $9-14 a plate). The Penne Vodka is probably the best item on the menu, though their giant insalada w/ balsamic vinaigrette is a magnificent add-on.Service is great, portions are huge, and you can get excellent Italian food without getting into the crapshow of Federal Hill. What more can you ask for?Oh and they do breakfast, which our waitress told us is the reason she started working there, so it must be a good one!
<review# 1277,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,1/6/2011,2/10/2011,70,481,4,4,2>Pissy, unfriendly cashiers the last two times I've been here. Where's your holiday spirit? Minus one star.
<review# 1278,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/15/2010,2/9/2011,55,348,2,6,2>Bonus points for this place being run by a Korean family. When I came here for dinner, I felt as if I were being transported back to California for a little while. The menu is authentic and includes your favorite hits like kailbi, bulgogi, bibimbop, chap chae, kimchi etc. They have grills so you can cook your own meat at the table, but our waiter brought out our food pre-cooked for us. Although cooking yourself can be fun, its nice to be lazy once in a while-- plus it makes dinner go a lot faster. This wasn't the most amazing Korean food I've ever had in my life, but it definitely satisfies and them being almost the only Korean restaurant in RI helps. (Solomon's Market in the Eastside is the other). And they have KARAOKE ROOMS!!!!! This is AWESOME. I could not convince my friends to do Karaoke with me, so I can't comment on the song selection or the rooms, but they charge $35 for one hour. The new restaurant in downtown providence will open in February 2011, but sadly will not include Karaoke.
<review# 1279,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/30/2010,2/8/2011,242,444,,5,3>If I've got good music and "old fashioned" games on the brain. . . I find myself driving to the Time Capsule.  They have so much stuff!!!It all started when I had to replace my N64 and a large portion of my games.  Disheartened at the amount of money I figured I'd have to spend on ebay auctions and website purchases, I was pleased to find out about the Time Capsule.  They have a bulk of games, from SNES, N64, Xbox, to Sega games. . . the list goes on.  I've picked up several N64 and SNES games, most of which were under $10 (the most popular games including Mario's, Donkey Kong's, etc are $15+).  I was also able to get a wired controller for my replaced N64.It certainly doesn't end with games. . . They've got comic books, toys, collectibles, records, cd's, and dvd's.  I've bought several records here. . . to play, to hang as artwork, to give as gifts.  Cheap too!!!  You really can't beat the prices here.The guy that works here (his name slips my mind at the moment, sorry!) is very knowledgable about what he has available in the store.  Very helpful and willing to suggest things, it makes shopping here an enjoyable experience.  When I was looking for decent copies of some Grateful Dead albums, he took down the names to check with the Cranston location and said he'd keep me in mind with upcoming shipments.  Weeks later, I returned for some xmas gifts. . .come to find out, he remembered me and what I had requested.  Can't ask for better service than that.I have also taken advantage of their buyback program and have unloaded some misc. SNES games that I never had an interest in playing as a young girl. . .or now.  Fair prices, trading available.  Check 'em out!!
<review# 1280,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/15/2013,8/11/2013,31,133,,6,2>I've been here three times now.  The first time I tried the Gentleman's Choice which is a bit pricey but worth it.  I would compare this to a woman's spa day, as you get a great treatment with haircut, beard trimming, face shave etc...etc.  They take real good care of you when you get the Gentleman's Choice.  Regardless if you're there for the works, or just for a haircut I have had a great time each visit.  I've had 3 different barbers and all three times I've had a haircut that puts other businesses to shame.  I won't say which ones, but they are not nearly as FANTASTIC, or SUPER as Rooster's!!!  I am now a Rooster's client for life.Good to note, if you check in on Yelp there is a discount you can receive too.
<review# 1281,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/1/2013,8/10/2013,484,215,,3,2>I worked minor league baseball games for 12 years, so I know. There is no better place in New England to watch a minor league game than McCoy Stadium. Love this ballpark. Attended the 5/31 game vs. Syracuse and had a marvelous time. All concessions were hot and fresh, even with the lines. Lines moved pretty well, too. Try the new clam cake booth and get some chowder. Yummy! But make sure the concessionaire gives you a spoon--last night the poor girl didn't realize she was handing out little packets containing a fork and knife. I found that quite humorous. PawSox came back to win in 12, too. Note: on busy nights, the club will use lots from the businesses in the area. You may be charged $2 for parking. Happily have your 2 bucks ready for the attendant and keep the line moving. You'll be glad you did. If you want a good cheap night out in the summer, grab your tix and go. You'll be glad you did.
<review# 1282,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,6/25/2013,8/9/2013,73,420,5,4,1>We have three blueberry bushes in our backyard and it is a constant battle to keep the birds and squirrels from getting the fruit.   We've tried everything short of building a steel cage, and we are almost at that point.  I thought we could mosey on over to  Tractor Supply and see if they had something different for us.   You walk in and immediately see the western wear, cowboy hats and boots.   Yep, I can skip that section.   They also sell tractor parts.   I guess the name gives that away, huh?   They have feed, supplies and fencing for cattle and horses.  Some of the cattle fencing, which was located in a gated in section of the parking lot, may work for us, but it would be a long shot.   There is a small hardware section and a yard and garden section.   Neither section was extensive and you could do just as well at your local hardware or discount store.   They do have a large supply of pet food.   While there are people in the area that have cattle and horses, I just don't see where there is a huge demand n this area for many of the items they are selling.   If I had livestock, I think I would prefer to support my local feed and grain shop.    I can't see myself being a regular customer here.
<review# 1283,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/1/2013,8/8/2013,40,151,2,3,2>I've been a very bad immigrant to Rhode Island. I officially moved here in 2011 and I JUST got my library card yesterday! I can't believe it took me two years to go into a Providence Library branch. That is just embarrassing. In my home town of Nashville, I was at the public library at least once a week! It's a shame, really, how much money I've spent buying books I could have borrowed and how much time I spent doing other things than investing time in one of my favorite places to be.That said, I visited the Rochambeau branch because it is closest to my house. The library was quaint and the staff were generous and helpful. The employee at the circulation desk set me up with a new library card in under two minutes. Afterward, I browsed all the sections, not really looking for anything in particular, just trying to get to know my way around. I just love libraries. I ended up getting a book I've read before but enjoyed it so much I knew I should read it again, a newer book that was released last October, and an amazing book about the forgotten arts and crafts, such as rake making, horse shoe forging and basket weaving. I was surprised and happy to find the book that had been released last October because it has been on my to read list for a while. The arts and crafts book it just what I needed to fulfill the longing of creativity I've had for a while and the drawings and descriptions are amazing! I am excited to next visit the downtown location as I am sure they will have a more contemporary art section and a larger selection of new books. I am also glad they have an online circulation so I can have books sent from other branches to the one closest to me. Here is my civic duty for the day: If you haven't been in your cities libraries, go. Love your libraries and the people in them. There is no place in the world like a good library.
<review# 1284,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/4/2013,8/7/2013,38,64,2,4,2>The restaurant is conveniently located downtown on Westminster St.  I appreciate the modern and open, yet zen-like, decor of this restaurant. My first encounter with Korean Teriyaki House was at their adorable dessert cafe, located in the front of the store. I ordered a tropical fruit smoothie, and it was absolutely delish! I am a snobbish critic when it comes to fruit smoothies sold commercially because too often, they taste artificial and are not composed of real fruit. Fruit syrup doesn't count!On another occasion, when almost every other restaurant and cafe on Westminster was closed in the bitter winter evening, Korean Teriyaki House came to our rescue. My husband and I ordered a galbi tang (beef shortrib stew) and dduk mandoo guk (rick cakes & dumpling soup), respectively. Both dishes arrived at our table piping hot and with not too long a wait. I must admit, the shortrib stew was memorably delectable and savory. We appreciated the large portion of meat in there. However, my dumpling soup was okay. I thought it tasted somewhat bland, and there were less dumplings than expected. It was still pretty good, but I've had better versions of this simple Korean staple.Overall, my husband and I are quite satisfied with this new Korean restaurant, which adds to the ethnic, culinary landscape of downtown Providence. The waitstaff are sweet and attentive, the space is beautiful, and the food is affordable and pretty spot on for the most part :)
<review# 1285,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/11/2013,8/6/2013,61,120,,4,2>I first visited Scorpio's after moving to Attleboro this fall. My parents and I were ravenous after a long day of moving furniture and defying the laws of physics (seriously, some door frames are just too narrow and some ceilings are just too low). We had passed Scorpio's on our way in to town and decided to give it a try. I can't remember what we had but we were wildly impressed by the food. The decor was pretty traditional for an Italian style place -- classic black and white family photos from the 'old country' and the 'good old days' and there was even some terrible fake ivy strung up over a few booths to look like a vineyard. On a more recent visit, my parents and I decided to again hit up Scorpio's having remembered really enjoying the experience before. It was still good, but I attribute our initial delight to a post-move haze. We went on a Friday night around 7ish and had a brief wait at the bar before being seated. The bar provides you with a neat vantage point in to the kitchen and it really is like watching an intricate dance. Scorpio's also augments their drink menu by featuring a few beers from different breweries each month so much to my delight I was able to enjoy a Magic Hat as we waited. The bar scene was pretty busy, with drinkers, diners, and folks just waiting for a table like us.We were seated close to the take-out area which was pretty consistently busy which we took to be a good sign. We split the Spinach and Artichoke Dip app which was super tasty, especially with their homemade chips to accompany it. There was some complimentary bread we were served (like a garlic knot) which was far too strong in flavor for any of us, even after scraping off the excess garlic. Side salads were incredibly bland and had very few toppings. Mom chose a special that night which was Vegetable Lasagna which was a bit more like a veggie pot pie. The crust noodles were way too crispy to be considered a lasagna. Dad had a pasta dish which was okay -- pasta a bit undercooked and sauce a bit underflavored. I was having a pizza craving and opted for the Chef's Special (grilled chicken, roasted red peppers, and basil) and added artichokes. It was pretty good although the chicken was a bit on the overly plentiful side compared to some of the other toppings. We had a new server who was still training. She partnered with another more experienced server, and they ensured that we were taken care of throughout our meal. I would definitely try Scorpio's again and absolutely keep them in mind for a take out pizza order.
<review# 1286,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/23/2013,8/4/2013,341,508,,4,1>I know what you're thinking... it's about time! I have lived in Rhode Island for most of my life and have only now FINALLY gotten the opportunity (and excuse) to try Al Forno. A group of us dined here for my birthday, and since there were over 6 of us, we were able to secure a reservation. The ambiance was nice, as was the view of the sunset, but my sister pointed out that the dining room seemed much noisier and less "romantic" than the last time she had visited. Since it was my first time I can't really comment, but we all felt like it was too loud in there to seem romantic, which is the impression that we all had from previous reviews. The food was delicious. We started out with a margarita pizza and it was very tasty. It lived up to our expectations! My fellow diners ordered a variety of menu items ranging from pasta dishes, to steak, sausages with grapes and even baked eggplant. Not a single person was disappointed with their selection.I tried the linguine with creamy egg, duck bacon, and pea tentrils. It was tasty and surprisingly not as heavy as it looked, but it did fill me pretty fast so I took home a goody bag. I tried my sister's braised short rib ravioli and would definitely order it next time. It had a bit more character than my dish and I almost regretted my choice after tasting her's. I also tried my friend's eggplant and another friend's steak and both were really good. After a satisfying main course, everyone at the table indulged in dessert (which we all pre-ordered at the beginning of the meal because they are all made to order). I couldn't resist trying one of their famous tarts. I couldn't resist one of their specials, a banana tart with chocolate crust, topped with caramel and ice cream. It was fantastic! It fully lived up to my expectations for dessert.All in all this was a really great meal. I'm giving it 4 stars instead of 5 because of the noise level and also because although I liked my entree overall, I feel like I would have perhaps enjoyed one of the other entrees more. I am very much hoping to return to Al Forno in the near future to try more of the menu. I am sure it will be excellent.
<review# 1287,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/26/2013,8/3/2013,32,50,2,2,2>This may be more humble in size than some of the larger farmer's markets in the area, but I can find everything I need here - from a good variety of organic greens and produce, to wild caught local seafood & shellfish, locally crafted cheeses, pastured meats, and home-baked treats.... and I love the new 3-6pm time frame - it makes dinner shopping a breeze and I can catch the bus home right nearby! Remember to bring a cooler with you to work and you can get your dinner shopping done and have food for the week!The other day I picked up a huge bottle of DELICIOUS local clover honey (my go-to remedy for seasonal allergy prevention, pooh-bear style) and I also treated myself to a dozen raw oysters, which  I savored later that night, topped with a splash of fire cider. If you don't know what fire cider is, I suggest you google it - they're local!
<review# 1288,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/22/2013,8/2/2013,73,433,5,6,3>I'm giving Fellini 4 stars based purely on my mental state when I usually go there. It's always late at night, I've always had maaaaaybe just one too many drinks and I'm usually ravenously craving a slice of pizza. So, with that said....* The slices are always reheated nice and hot* They offer way better slice options than the standard cheese or pepperoni. Balsamic, goat cheese and spinach? Um, hell to the yes, please!* They've always got some great throwback tunes playing.* To be perfectly honest, they don't give a crap how many times you have to slur your way through your order!Some day I may try them out during the daylight hours but at least for now, they're my go-to spot for late night snacking.
<review# 1289,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/20/2012,8/1/2013,115,164,2,4,2>Checked out Ruben's shop at the recommendations of Leah W.  While not a flawless experience, I'll definitely be going back.  I walked in with 6 items with a mix of dropped hems, loose/lost buttons, ripped belt loops... and for $30 Ruben not only repaired them beautifully, but cleaned the items, put them on hangers, covered in plastic wrap, and insisted on bringing them to my car. Shop is no frills, but lotsa heart.  The shop was packed with men the morning I dropped off my stuff enjoying the news of laughter of the day.  It was later in the evening on the night I picked up my things and he immediately offered me soda or water.  Long live the mom and pop shop!  And Ruben is a gentleman - dapper, kind, and seemingly genuinely appreciative of the business. Gripe? He didn't have it done by the date he said he would. I dropped everything off on a Thursday stating there was NO rush.  He said everything would be ready by Monday and gave me his card with his personal cell phone on it.  I waltzed in the following Wednesday (after he wasn't there when I popped in Tues am) having every reason to believe everything would be done.  It wasn't, but in fairness to him, he did tell me to call first.  He whipped up the remaining detailing right there on the spot.  Took about 15 minutes, but it was kinda awesome just chilling and chatting watching him work.  I guess all's well that ends well, but I was disappointed to find my stuff incomplete 2 days after he said it would be done.  Lesson learned - next time I will call ahead!TIP: CASH ONLY
<review# 1290,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/23/2013,9/21/2013,44,52,4,9,5>Mexican food is something I crave.  But I am not talking about the Chipotle-fied type of "Mexican"...I mean the real deal, authentic stuff. Which I know, living in New England, can be quite a tall order.  But I think my quest is over...it ended at this little gem, Chilangos.From the outside of this Manton Avenue restaurant, it would be easy to dismiss it, but inside it has a simple, warm, inviting atmosphere.  The staff is friendly, and you get the feeling that you are eating in someone's home - which is always a nice feeling!We were given tortilla chips and a fresh salsa that was wonderfully spicy when we were seated.  We started with drinks...my friends ordered margaritas, which were made fresh with house-made sour mix, and I ordered a drink called a Michelada, a mixture of beer, tomato juice, lime juice, and Tabasco.  It was surprisingly refreshing with a kick! We ordered a queso that we added chourico and onions.  The gooey hot cheese was served with toasted bread and was DELICIOUS!!!  My friends ordered burritos, while I ordered the enchiladas with a dark mole sauce.  My friends burritos were HUGE, stuffed with what they said were perfectly-seasoned ingredients.  One of them, the Chilango's burrito, had a spicy chipotle sauce in it, and it is what I will definitely try next time.  BUT...let's talk about the enchiladas for a second...wow, is all I can say.  I love a good mole sauce, and this was the best mole sauce that I have ever had - rich, subtly sweet and a perfect compliment to the chicken and corn tortillas it topped.  Also, the refried beans were DEFINITELY homemade and as wonderful as everything else on my plate.So the verdict on Chilangos, folks...go. Do it. You will thank me later.
<review# 1291,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/2/2013,9/20/2013,171,187,2,8,4>The curative power of exercise is undeniable. There's nothing life can throw at you that you can't sweat out.  When I need to shed some of the weight of the world, I head to the $5 Friday night community class at Wayland Square Power Yoga. I'm so hooked on it. After a long week, this is a place where I can leave it all on the mat, and greet the weekend feeling like a million - no, a zillion - bucks. This review is strictly for the Friday night community class (it's the only one I've attended). Arrive early for this particular class as it really fills up with fellow yogis. It's so popular that you may find yourself bumping into a few other "heads, elbows, knees and toes" at certain points. Prepare yourself for the intensity of the heat. The first few minutes in the studio may feel stifling if you're not used to hot yoga, but you grow accustomed to it with time. You will certainly sweat out tons and tons of toxins during this challenging, 60-minute session. Folks of all ability levels attend the community class, and despite how crowded it becomes, everyone is respectful and focused on their own practice. The instructor is so uplifting! Her cheerful, encouraging tone never falters and she walks through the room throughout the class, adjusting postures and offering helpful pointers to help stick, achieve or maintain a particular pose. Hot power yoga is a phenomenal workout. It's right up there with any other form of cardio or resistance training in terms of how it tones, strengthens and energizes. It also has an added benefit of leaving you feeling all blissed out and happy: like a runner's high, only more...mellow. There is a small parking lot and plenty of on street parking - so no excuses, kids. Bring a mat, lots of cold drinking water, and be prepared for a class that's worth every penny.  Namaste!
<review# 1292,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/10/2013,9/19/2013,91,416,2,3,3>Ice cream store, coffee shop, and cafe all in one, Three Sisters has something for anytime of the day. And... They make their own ice cream. With unique flavors and new flavors always on the way, there's always something to try here. I also really like their selection of smoothies and baked goods. During the winter months the banquet along the window is a way to get light without braving the cold, while during the summer months the tables outside on the sidewalk us a nice place to sit and relax after a walk down Blackstone boulevard. Another prop to Three Sisters for their dedication to local art, recycling, and community. It can get a little crazy and loud in there at times, so I don't always get the most work done I visit, but I definitely enjoy my food and drink
<review# 1293,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/14/2013,9/18/2013,136,330,6,4,4>Tini weenie little greasy spoon popping out big flavor breakfast with a passion, let me tell you! We walked in and waited about 10 mins for this one man show (about an hr in a 2nd person arrived) to clear and seat us at one of the 6 tables in the house.  After perusing the chalk board menu we knew exactly what our order would be, but what stumped us was the $2 bacon slices.  Well, once our dishes arrived we saw the 16 inch long, 1/4 inch think slab of the most perfectly cut slice of lovin around! Mmmmmmm!   We had huevos rancheros and one of those 'a little bit of everything' breakfasts and we are hooked!Don't forget, they are cash only and the wait can be long since its a 1 man show with 6 tables.  Make sure to wear your patience pants :)
<review# 1294,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/24/2013,9/17/2013,20,65,1,2,1>This place is beautiful. I've lived in RI my whole life, and I had never been here until today. The walking path along the water is gorgeous! You can climb out onto the rocks, which I would be careful about...There's also a lot of historical significance and information found throughout, which is pretty interesting. They also have composting bathrooms, which would be pretty cool if public bathrooms- especially portable bathrooms- didn't skeeve me out. The only downside is there are no trashcans to be found, and it could explain why there's some trash littered throughout.
<review# 1295,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/4/2013,9/16/2013,29,88,2,2,4>I have two words for you - Gouda Tots.  Yes, you read that correctly, Gouda Tots.   These little gems were hiding in the menu under an option to upgrade your side.  Intrigued by the name, we asked our server what these were and not so surprisingly they are exaclty what they sound to be - oversized, handmade tater tots stuffed with Gouda.  What was surprising is how good they were!  We ordered a side as an appetizer and it came with three tots.  They were crisp on the outside, with soft potato and gooey gouda on the inside.  They were really perfection.  Warm, gooey, salty, with a nice bite of fresh cracked pepper.  Honestly, RSG needs to make this a permanent appetizer.  SO GOOD!I should back up and say that this was not my first time dining at RSG, but it is my first time dining here in a while and the food is much better than I remember.  I ordered the Monday NIght dinner special of Fried Chicken with mashed potatoes and green beans.  It was $7 and a bargain!  There were two pieces of boneless chicken fried to perfection and it was served with sauteed green beans and mashed potatoes that most certainly did not come from a box.  Halleluah!  My co-diner ordered a pizza and while it looked yummy, I must admit that after my Gouda Tots and finishing my 2 pieces of chicken, I was too full to try it.  She said she really enjoyed it though.We sat at the bar, which is a great open area, and we had fantastic service.  The only negative thing I would say is that the bread they serve to start with was kind of stale and dry.  Otherwise, everything was a big thumbs up from me!  I do whatever I can to avoid most chain restaurants, so this will be an excellent option for us.  I look forward to eating here again and until then, I will be dreaming of those Gouda Tots!
<review# 1296,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/2/2013,9/15/2013,7,105,2,6,4>I'm so glad to have finally made it to the Olive Tap. This place is fantastic. My boyfriend and I live in the neighborhood, but typically only venture out to the shops around Wayland Ave if we're looking for something specific. Today we were on a more leisurely stroll and decided to finally check this place out. Upon entering the shop we were greeted by the owner and another employee, who were incredibly friendly and encouraged us to try the delicious samples they had out- fresh fruit with chocolate balsamic for dipping, as well as some locally baked bread. As we wandered around the store I realized that from the couple of times I've peeked in the window, I had no idea the store went so far back! There is the main area in the front with the olive oils and balsamic vinegars, but further back in the store are some additional attractive displays filled with homemade and locally sourced goods: flavored gourmet mayonnaises, Dave's Coffee Syrup, and a freezer of gnocchi, pastas, and sauces from Venda Ravioli in Federal Hill! We also noticed some some high quality olive oil soaps and lotions.After getting a sense of the space we made our way back to the front of the store where we made sure to try some of the delicious balsamic vinegars. I tried the fig and espresso ones, which were both interesting and really tasty.We ended up getting a beautiful loaf of bread (sourced from Buono's) and some Venda vodka sauce- but when we run out of our current bottles of olive oil and balsamic vinegar in a few weeks, I know where we'll come next! I also want to keep an eye on their events since the owner said they have a chef and do cooking classes.Finally, the space is also so warm and inviting. Apparently the owner's wife was in charge of all the interior decoration, and she did a wonderful job- from the paint colors to the marble counter tops and new wood floors. It's impeccably clean and perfectly proportioned in terms of the placements of all the shelves and tables, etc. Really tastefully done and easy to walk around.Overall, the Olive Tap is a wonderful addition to the shops around Wayland Ave. It's good for getting things for yourself (for cooking, for example), but also great for gifts- get some cheese down the street at Farmstead, and some olive oil soap and balsamic vinegar here at Olive Tap, and you'll be set for a perfect gift basket.
<review# 1297,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/5/2013,9/13/2013,59,106,2,3,2>One visit to this restaurant and I am hooked! My cousin was visiting RI from California and has taken up a new vegan/vegetarian lifestyle; he recommended we meet up for Sunday afternoon brunch here. Naturally, I was skeptical, this having been my first trip to a vegetarian restaurant and all but the food was delicious. The type of food you can eat and leave feeling pleasantly full, knowing you didn't just consume thousands of fatty calories, just honest wholesome food.I ordered the breakfast burrito with egg, black beans, guacamole, and cheese with a vegan smoothie that had strawberries and bananas. Everything was exceptionally delicious and warrants the rave reviews. I also love that Wildflour is right next door. I will definitely be back!
<review# 1298,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/19/2013,9/12/2013,16,82,3,4,4>I love Geoff's and once you try it, so shall you!Geoff's is Providence's answer for the New York Deli system. Sure, we're not New York with a million Jews who know the what's what of delicatessen dos and don'ts - but Geoff's does a great job filling that experience in a less daunting way.Geoff's is located right on College Hill, the most beautiful neighborhood in the city. The area has an old charm which Geoff's takes full advantage of, blending in nicely on the residential area of Benefit Street they are located on. A simple chalk board sign out front each day does the trick. Despite this minimal advertising the business is booming! If you go to Geoff's around lunch I give you two pieces of advice: order ahead and BE PATIENT! The former will save you from your lack of the latter, however, losing the latter will result in total apathy by the crew at Geoff's. That is one thing I love about Geoff's! Complaints are not welcome so don't bring them in. They know who they are, they know how to maintain their identity and they have the consistent customer base to have no fear of losing that. So leave your attitude at the door or you'll be asked to redirect your steps in that general direction. Have I ever witnessed this happen? No! Because you have nothing to complain about...The food is fantastic! BEST SANDWICHES in Providence. All the sandwiches are piled high with meats and toppings and if you can finish a whole one, all 6'2" 220lbs of me is jealous!The difficult part of ordering from Geoff's is deciding! They have so many choices, delightfully named after celebs and politicians. In addition they have some unique sauces sure to bake your noodle. If you get a sandwich with Tiger Sauce just be prepared with lots of napkins, it can get a bit messy. Just don't get overwhelmed, it's just a sandwich!I am inclined to recommend some sandwich choices to you but I'd rather you just take the thirty minutes it took me to make my first choice. I'm sorry, but I'm really not. Trust me, it's worth it! The one thing I will share is try the pickles! New York Barrel style and the best style! They are amazing! I tip them big when I go so I don't feel guilty about taking five.Simple tips for successful trips to Geoff's:-look at the menu online ahead of time (allmenus.com has it)-if you get daunted by a lot of choices - DON'T GO! I don't want to read you bitching about how you can't make up your mind because they have variety.-if you don't like counter-culture, stoners, hippie type folk - DON'T GO! This place is more designed for the underground than the above ground. If you don't associate with the underground then you're likely going to have some complaint that is likely superfluous.-if you tend to be a needy customer - DON'T GO! We don't want to be stuck behind your bull in line.-PAY ATTENTION! It is easy to cut or be cut. Don't cut, ask politely if someone is waiting before you pay or order.-If you are impatient - DON'T GO! At times the sandwich makers forget an order or make a mistake. The hustle and bustle plus the simplicity of the shop warrants the occasional hiccup.-If you are a chill, down to earth food-lover then you should come here. Don't be in a rush and be hungry when you go.
<review# 1299,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/26/2013,9/11/2013,25,99,,2,3>At my suggestion, my husband and I decided to recently go to one of my childhood favorites- a place called Four Seasons in nearby Cranston, Rhode Island.My history with Four Seasons goes back a long way. When I was in middle and high school, my dad would pick me up from school and take me out on father/daughter lunch dates at least once a week. More often than not, we would end up at Four Seasons, where I always ordered the same thing- nime chow, homestyle bean curd, and white rice. About six years ago, I took my husband to Four Seasons so I could share with him this place that has such a special place in my heart. He loved the food, but unfortunately we didn't go back until now. Shortly after we visited, Four Seasons experienced a fire, shutting down the restaurant for quite a while.Silly me, I thought Four Seasons never reopened! However, last week, when I was discussing good Asian restaurants with my co-worker, I brought up Four Seasons and lamented how it closed down. He then informed me that it definitely was open- in fact, he said he went there last week!And lo and behold, when I called ahead last Saturday to make sure they were open, they were!Four Seasons is more of a Pan-Asian restaurant, offering lots of cuisines from Southeast Asia as well as standard Chinese favorites.When we sat down, we were happy to see green tea brought to the table without even having to ask!My husband and I started with orders of vegetarian nime chow, or spring rolls.  Stuffed with rice noodles, mint, and some veggies and doused with peanut sauce- these nime chow are definitely some of the best in the state.  The rice paper wrapping was nice and chewy without being sticky or greasy.For dinner, I ordered brown rice and vegetables in a lemongrass sauce, to which I added steamed tofu and peanuts.  The serving size was huge- I could barely eat one-third of my meal!  The dish was amazing- the veggies were fresh, the sauce was bursting with flavor, and the addition of tofu and peanuts were a nice protein punch that gave the dish some lasting power!A special word on their lemongrass sauce- I could really just eat a bucket of this sauce all by itself!  What a perfect way to sop up the rice!Thank goodness I found out that Four Seasons is back in action post-fire.  The food is so tasty, and it is worth mentioning that the service is out of this world.  The staff was so smiley and attentive and super willing to accommodate special requests.
<review# 1300,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/24/2014,7/6/2014,242,444,2,5,3>The Red Bridge Tavern has become a regular stop for the bf and I ever since we stopped in briefly a couple years ago for a beer on a bar hopping birthday event.  Having received a subsequent recommendation for their food, there was no choice but to truly see what this place was all about.  Described as a hidden gem in East Providence, word is certainly getting around in the area.  I try to come here on off-nights as this restaurant/bar is jammin' on the weekends.  Named for the nearby Henderson Bridge (a.k.a. The Red Bridge), this location serves up a great deal of comfort foods and tasty brews.  Most of the dishes I've had here have been wonderful.  A couple of misses here or there but you're bound to find a few as you work your way through a menu.  On one occasion I was even refunded for my meal as I had found it to be a bit flavorless for my taste (the Shrimp Scampi fyi).But don't let this deter you.  Some of my favorite dishes include the Potato Skins, Chicken & Broccoli Alfredo, BBQ Pulled Pork Sandwich, and Baked Mac N' Cheese.  I am told that their Stuffie appetizer is well worth the money.  In addition to their standard menu, there are daily handwritten specials inserts to peruse as well.  They usually have a decent selection on tap at the bar.  Whether your sitting in the dining room, at a high top, or at the bar itself, the service is efficient.  You can play keno, catch a game, or socialize with friends.  No foul language though, as the signs behind the bar indicate :-P.  They have a pool table in a room adjacent to the dining room.  I've never used it but its a nice option to have on a slow evening.  Nothing fancy to the interior... not that it matters since my experience overall is always an enjoyable one.  Great restaurant for either lunch or dinner!
<review# 1301,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/16/2014,7/5/2014,52,188,,5,3>**The store closed. Sad... :(I got married in September and after going back and forth for a few months over what I wanted to do with my wedding dress, I decided to sell it. I absolutely loved my dress and didn't want to see it go, but I simply had no further use for it. I mean... lug around a huge gown that I wore for 4hrs to someday give to a daughter that I may or may never have, who may or may not share my fashion sense? Probably not the highest yield this day in age.When I heard of Something Borrowed Bridal Boutique, I thought to myself... what a totally rad fab idea! I do consignment at Second Time Around all the time but had no idea bridal consignment existed. Janet, the store owner, takes gowns and sells gowns by appointment, but her shop is open Tuesday through Sunday and walk-ins are welcomed.Her store is brand spanking new (she just opened 2 weeks ago!) and doesn't quite have an official sign yet. It's a super cute little banner right now she has draped in front of the store. But she has such a huge and diverse stock of gowns already--all immaculately maintained. I'm super excited about consigning with her and love that she started this service for brides (old and new).
<review# 1302,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/4/2014,7/4/2014,83,170,,3,5>So thoroughly pleased with an event that I just had at Union Station that I couldn't wait to write the review. I organized a 30th birthday party for my boyfriend, and chose Union Station because they were so helpful in handling a large party. They made the entire process extremely easy and I would absolutely recommend them for dinner or for a large party such as this. I was able to choose a limited menu (all the offerings were delicious) consisting of 3 courses, and bought samplers of beer (pitchers to feed the crowd). I met with the manager a few days before the event, finished up the details, and felt very good about the process. The day of the event, I spoke on the phone with our server, dropped off balloons, and arrived later with the birthday boy. Every detail had been attended to: the pitchers were set up, as was a gift table, and the servers were extremely efficient and attentive throughout the entire night. I couldn't have been happier--and neither could the birthday boy. Thanks, Union Station, for making what could have been very stressful a wonderful experience!
<review# 1303,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/2/2014,7/3/2014,35,23,4,6,6>Looking for something quick, and not too priceyCould go for something tasty, maybe spicyTrekked through the cold, dressed in layersStepped in East Side Pockets, right on ThayerThe line weaved crooked, just like our old MayorReally fast ordering, no need for a waiterLamb and Chicken Gyro -- ticket to my heartStomach fell in love too, right from the startAll toppings included, stuffed to the brimBest value in town, my favorite new gemTempting treats by the counter, I bet they taste greatI resisted today, but next time's a different caseBusy little place, but plenty of seats availableDevoured the gyro; could barely waddle from my tableI'll be back again, for another Mediterranean feast I've fallen fast for gyros, heck, I might just move to Greece!
<review# 1304,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/9/2014,7/2/2014,27,115,,6,2>I was quite randomly driving through cranston when I came across this gem.  I didn't think it was going to be very good, but I decided to stop, check out the yelp reviews on it with my handy dandy Samsung Galaxy, and give it the ol' college try.I'm so glad I stopped here. The Exterior of the building gives the place a nice look, but once you walk inside it looks like your traditional dumpy Ma' and Pa' restaurant--  but that's OK in my book, as long as the food is good and the staff is nice. Normally I would pick a random item off the menu, but I Was craving hot soup, and it so happens other yelpers pointed out the pho. So I ordered Spring rolls, and Pho with tripe and beef. The nice gentleman who took my order seemed to think  I didn't know what Tripe was, but I did, and I wanted it anyway.  However as Anthony Zimmerman likes to point out " If it looks good eat it." I'll try almost anything once ( When it comes to food that is ), and I have a feeling I've had it when I was in Taiwan, so the idea of eating it didn't really bother me.  The broth of the Pho was out of this world, and the pile of fresh veggies that accompiend  the soup and noodles was perfect. I'm so happy I stopped here, I'll certainly be going back sometime soon, and hopefully I won't be eating by myself! ( And yes, the spring rolls were just as good as the Pho, so try those too if you enjoy spring rolls! )
<review# 1305,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/18/2014,7/1/2014,15,61,2,5,4>Driven past this place MAYBE a million times. Happy to finally visit.This is a supreme alternative to any sandwich place that I've been to in as long as I can remember. This is very reminiscent of my FAVORITE sandwich joint in Austin (Thundercloud Subs). The inside is very bare-bones, but I think that's showing the focus on the food and the customer interaction.The employee that I spoke to was very kind, was younger and was helpful giving recommendations on food and was knowledgeable about what was on my sandwich and got to making it immediately. The manager/owner came out and we struck up some cheap conversation and he was nice enough to strike out the cost of the soda that I ordered which, even as a small gesture, was very kind.The sandwich came out to $8.00 or so as I got a large and, Jesus Christ, this sandwich was huge. I was astounded as I paid no attention while they made it.I got home nearby and started working on it and it was very delicious. It was all very fresh tasting, well organized on the bread (not spilling out everywhere) and very nice quantities/ratio of the meat, cheese, and additional toppings.The most impressive bit for me was the bread. It was very fresh, very tasty, and was a perfect compliment to the wonderful toppings inside the sandwich. For the cost, the proximity and the kindness of the employees, I fully intend to go to this joint far too many times.
<review# 1306,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/26/2014,6/30/2014,38,64,2,3,3>Adorable boutique for moms and kids alike! The selection of adorable baby clothes and innovative kid-friendly products is unbeatable. Why scour the internet for hours looking for the cutest or most highly reviewed items when you can find everything in one quaint, but well- organized store?This is the perfect place for moms to treat their babes or to pick up gift items! I am tempted to spoil the baby by clearing out every shelf, but the items are a bit pricey. Self-restraint, Mama.The staff are super friendly and helpful, too!My babe is hitting the teething phase hard at 5 months, and I finally picked up a fashionable silicone teething necklace, the Chewbeads Greenwich :)I was also happy to find a UPF 50 sun hat for the babe, for ages 6-18 months. Super adjustable and an adorable orange!I've been missing out for sure as this was my first time here!
<review# 1307,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/9/2014,6/29/2014,11,128,,5,2>Almost 10 bucks for two tacos but really Outstanding Tacos!  So so delicious!  Unlike any other taco I've ever had you can see that the ingredients are high quality and fresh. Not many tables, only two, so it was a very small dining area. There were also spots to sit along the windows and two tables outside. Delicious and it was an open kitchen. You could see how clean and how serious they take their craft. Very happy Tullulah's is in Providence now!
<review# 1308,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/22/2014,6/28/2014,49,33,2,4,2>Although it's known as Tio Mateos, I rarely get Mexican food here- I'm a fan of the Greenwich Bay Gourmet side . I'm a sucker for their homemade soups: spicy black bean soup, spicy primavera soup, roasted vegetable, and the chili. All their soups are frozen, if you feel like taking a pint or two home. They have a great pulled pork sandwich, plenty of chicken dishes (chicken parm, lemon chicken, etc), a lot of vegetarian options. Prices are fair and portions are quite large. The staff is incredibly friendly. The owner, Dana, will often join you for a meal and great conversation. She seems to know and care for all her customers. The manager is awesome too!
<review# 1309,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/17/2014,6/27/2014,386,693,2,4,3>This restaurant has solid, traditional Korean food with a home-cooked, this-is-how-my-grandma-makes-it feel. You won't be impressed by the decor or atmosphere, but you'll definitely feel welcomed and at home. I think I scored a home run ordering the kalbi tang (long-simmered beef broth with rice noodles). The owner said that this is what he makes at home and that it soothes his soul. I couldn't agree more. The broth tasted clean and not murky at all, which I've noticed at some restaurants. The short rib beef was perfectly tender and could be separated into bites with a simple drawing away of my chopsticks. This soup is meant to be tweaked with at the table, so add salt, spicy sauce, whatever you like. This is one of my favorite dishes, no matter the weather.If you've tried some Korean food and want to expand your horizons, this is the place to do it.
<review# 1310,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/1/2011,7/23/2011,91,416,1,10,4>Finally got a chance to try the truck at the downcity farmers market and while there was a wait to order and a wait to pick up, it was definitely worth it. I ordered the beef bulgogi and the pork kimchi sliders (each only $3).  I have to say that I prefer the beef one, but both were flavorful and more than worth the price. I loved how they had spring greens in them, not just iceburg lectuce.What really makes this truck a success I think is the service. The man taking the orders was friendly, calm in the chaos of the masses, and was joking around with people as he went.  Definitely added to the experience. I've been receiving their facebook updates and I also like that they have been listening to their customers in terms of what to make for specials, how to change their menu, and that they are grateful of all the high acclaim they have received - all of it they deserve.
<review# 1311,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/18/2011,7/22/2011,52,188,,3,4>First off, I just want to say that we're in Providence.  So given that frame of reference, I'm not sure if Bubble Tea House would get a 4 star rating in say... New York, Seattle, LA, or Boston.But for being a pioneer in Bubble Tea for the greater Providence area, I've gotta say that I'm glad they're here.  And they do a solid job in representing bubble tea for this hip little New England metropolis.The bubbles can be hit or miss--sometimes really soft and chewy, other times a little hard.  The milk tea and green tea aren't the strongest brew, but solid and clean.The smoothies are where this establishment shines.  The slush/snow dichotomy is very typically asian and authentic.  They even offer 5 different types of jelly and dozens of flavors.Great price, great ambiance, and overall, solid bubble tea.
<review# 1312,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/10/2011,7/21/2011,5,41,4,13,9>This Farmers' Market is awesome!It's located at the Cross' Mills Public Library, in Cross' Mills, a village in Charlestown.In the past, they've had local oysters, meat, vegetables, alpacas (for wool, not meat, I think -- certainly, you can pet them), and things from Mills Creek Natural Market and other local stores.Not only do you get the Farmers' Market, though, but you get to walk around the village which is home to several historic buildings and is very beautiful in general.This year, they're trying out a Tuesday night slot which I am particularly excited for, given that in the mornings I bake and can't get there for the other time slot.It's important to point something ELSE out: the Farmers' Market is run by the Charlestown Land Trust, a non-profit organization that acquires land and development rights for the purpose of preservation of open space. When you buy from this market, you're not just helping local growers & producers, you're also helping the CLT preserve the space that makes Charlestown unique. No other farmers' market in Charlestown can make this claim.
<review# 1313,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,1/18/2011,7/20/2011,40,210,2,4,3>This place is a bit of an enigma.  Nice interior decor, well-thought out menu with some nice variety, but an obsession with being primarily take-out.Three of us went to dinner and sat in.  The woman who took our order didn't know anything about gluten and wasn't very helpful - she also forgot to bring us our water.  We got our food quickly (to be expected); we had polenta with sausage, polenta with tofu, and a portabello 'burger'.  Unfortunately it was all medicore - looked and tasted like reheated leftovers, and the burger came on stale bread.  The plastic dinnerware was a big turn-off for eating in - is it really that hard to have a few real plates and silverware?  I'm giving it three stars instead of less for the interesting menu, inside decor, and potential.
<review# 1314,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/27/2010,7/18/2011,2,63,2,7,3>The only reason I'm giving this amazing hidden gem four stars is because of the kinda slow-ish service... And, they DON'T take reservations. So I'd go here no later than 6:30pm if you have a large party. If you're not from Providence, the area where this great eatery is located (West Side/Armory) is not a really nice one. It's certainly very artsy, funky and is still in the process of being gentrified. So, don't think about walking here from your hotel anytime after 8pm. Their decor is really amazing and very art-nouveau. And, it fits perfectly with the once-glamourous and affluent West Side Providence. The food is exactly what you would find at an old classic Parisian restaurant; creamy poultry, seafood with coquettes and heavy (but yummy) desserts. I ordered the bone-in chicken and it was HUGE... So bring your appetite. It's not unnecessarily excessive "Cheesecake Factory"-huge, but it's certainly bigger than what you would get at a real French restaurant in Paris.The food was SOOOOOO good and so perfectly cooked that all my one-hour long complaining about "where is our food ?" just flew away when I had the first bite from my moist and crispy rotisserie chicken. We didn't order appetizers though. So, if you go here, definitely order apps as they tend to come much quicker than the entrees. Even if the service is not the fastest, it's absolutely worth the wait!
<review# 1315,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/6/2011,7/17/2011,165,268,6,2,1>The nam yaa is worth the trip.  Getting a table, however, is not - it smells like wet dog in their new Traverse Street digs.Nam yaa is sweet, loaded, and as good as other reviews describe.  So good that a large order intended to leave leftovers for tomorrow's lunch never make it past the one hour point.  Green curry was also quite good - like most things here, it was sweet, and again loaded with a generous helping of vegetables.Now, the smell.  I don't know if it's inherent to Cambodian cuisine, or the tree-hugging RISD/Brown crowd that frequents this place, but I'm really glad I got my order to go.
<review# 1316,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/22/2011,7/16/2011,84,176,4,8,4>I have been a member since March, so I figure three months is a fair amount of time to craft an opinion.I've only been a member of one other gym before, and I think I'm rather picky about my fitness facilities; I thought my previous gym was just about as good as it gets for a reasonable price tag. When I moved, I was looking for an equivalent, but I didn't want to spend a lot of money. Planet Fitness was cheap, but I wanted classes, not just cardio and strength machines.A friend told me about Answer is Fitness, which was a little further from my house than I wanted, but it was the closest thing around to my previous gym for an extremely reasonable price. I consider myself extremely lucky to have found this place.It's huge. You get the obligatory meeting with a personal trainer when you join, which I really could have skipped as it was just a sales pitch. Though the trainer did tell calculate my BMI and give me some recommendations. The rest staff is friendly.There's ample cardio and weight machines. There's a great "free" strength training area with barbells, dumbbells, kettlebells... any kind of bells you could wish for. There is also a smaller room in the back denoted as the women's workout room, for those ladies who feel a little intimidated about pumping iron with Frederick the body builder. There's also two treadmills and four bikes in the women's room. The locker rooms are also large with full facilities including sauna and steam room. The ladies locker room has had some water/mold issues, but the gym was pretty good about remedying the situation. Otherwise, the place is reasonably well-kept... oh with the exception of the class studio. There's always the occasional dust tumbleweed skittering across the floor.Speaking of classes... They have them! All kinds. The only class missing is Zumba, which they occasionally have as a for-fee workshop. Otherwise, there is a regular scheduling of spinning, arc (elliptical) training, kickboxing, groove (high-cardio dance), power (weight/step class), step, Yoga and Pilates. The instructors are friendly, certified and motivating.My one grip about the classes (other than the dust on the floor) has to do with Yoga. At my previous gym, the Yoga/Pilates room was separate from the main studio where other classes were held. It was also segregated from the rest of the gym, in the back, near the locker rooms. The selling point here is SILENCE. You didn't hear a sound when you were relaxing back into savasana after an intense Yoga practice. There was even a sign on the door alerting passerby that a Yoga class was in session. It was serene. At Answer is Fitness, Yoga and Pilates are done in the same studio as the rest of the classes, next to the weight-lifting area. As a result, as I'm settling into that much-needed and earned savasana, I am thoroughly jolted by the sound of a 75-pound barbell hitting the floor. Not good, friends. I feel that the folks at AIF would have done better to forget the women's workout room and use the space as a Yoga/Pilates studio. It's far enough away from the commotion to deliver a true experience.Oh, I almost forgot... there's also a smoothie bar and daycare. How can you have a quality gym without smoothies and daycare? C'mon.
<review# 1317,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,4/30/2011,7/15/2011,105,224,,5,2>I come here when I'm craving home-y style Thai food, and it hits the spot. My usual is the combo that comes with garlicky bbq chicken, sticky rice, and papaya salad. It's a meal I've eaten a million times at mom's house. I like that this restaurant serves up foods you don't typically see at Thai restaurants, like everything on the northeast-style section of the menu.Some tips for newbs - sticky rice is eaten with your hands. Dip it in sauce or w/a bite of meat if you want. Don't ask for chopsticks unless you're eating noodles.
<review# 1318,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/14/2011,7/14/2011,119,223,2,5,3>Ummm... hands down, BEST burger in Providence! How did I live 2 minutes from this place for 4 years and never set foot through their door?? It's just tragic! So since, Byblos went and turned themselves into a fancy Hookah Bar, I've been left with limited options for a tasty burger in this city, that is until now! Thank you Providence Monthly for opening my eyes up to this great establishment in my neighborhood. I am sure to be a frequent customer. I've already been 2 times in the past month!
<review# 1319,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/5/2011,7/13/2011,0,5,5,8,6>I love eating here.  This place is what you make it. I suggest focusing on the food because it's awesome.  The décor, neighborhood, service are variables.  If they're busy, services is a little slower, but often we've been the only people there and have the royal treatment.   The neighborhood can feel sketchy sometimes, but most often, not at all.  The décor is basic; but they have roomy tables, and a no rush atmosphere.  So be flexible with variables.  It's BYOB - wonderful; they'll provide a corkscrew or bottle open if needed.  So the Food: they offer the standard Vietnamese fare (pho, bun, banh mi, etc...) made delectably!  The herbs and bean sprouts served with pho are abundant and fresh.  The sauces for appetizers and meals are perfect.  There is something for everyone (even those needing to see something familiar on the menu to feel comfortable.)   If you like Vietnamese food you will not be disappointed.
<review# 1320,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/3/2013,10/23/2013,341,508,2,4,4>This is sausage love at its finest. I honestly prefer the delicious sausages here to the also homemade ones at Daniel Boulud's DBGB in NYC. I think the sausages themselves are so full of flavor, with great texture (none of that mystery you sometimes get with other sausages--what was that crunch?), a nice snap from the casing, and best of all, the wonderful, homemade toppings and sauces. Also, shockingly these sausages are very filling without feeling too heavy. The first time I ordered one, I was convinced I wouldn't be satisfied by just one sausage. I'd need a side dish or something. Wrong. I was happily full without feeling guilty about it, and the sausages actually taste pretty light (at least to me). I'll just keep telling myself they're good for me...Every day there is a variety of sausages for your pleasure (get your mind out of the gutter!). The menu changes regularly so even if I were to recommend something now, it might not be on the menu next week! Just trust me that everything is good! No... GREAT! I have only been here for lunch, where everything is served on a bun, but at dinner I'm told these sausages are served sans bun with fancy schmancy accompaniments. I haven't tried it for myself though. Perhaps someday!All in all, the Wurst Kitchen is great! Just beware of the current construction on Hope Street. It will be a pain in the ass, but the trip will be worth it :) There are delicious sausages at the end of the rainbow...
<review# 1321,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/26/2013,10/22/2013,151,439,6,10,6>Not just for toddlers and dads who don't know how to cook.  As an adult, every now and then you've got to splurge on those calories and just go with what's comfortable.Most sandwiches fit within the 5-6$ range, and salads (...smart move, Umelt) are under $8.  Need more motivation to move  your heiny? - Umelt partners with LOCAL farms for grains/greens/and cheeses.The menu is simple (a mere 15 options), but if can't decide on which 'wich to wedge into your mouth: do as the Deutsch do and go-German.  My coworkers and I debated on our selections before we decided to order a few and split them between us (....the guys LOVED the "White Trash")."The Chipster" :  Cheddar Cheese, Bacon (*I substituted zucchini*), BBQ Cape Cod Potato Chips, on Sourdough.  YUM!  Great flavor, good cheese-to-bread ratio, and the chip added a nice texture.  *Wich whine*: I prefer a saucy sammie, so I added ketchup prior to consumption - otherwise it was a little too dry for my taste."The Dessert" : Nutella, Honey Roasted Banana, on Raisin Bread.  Personally...I don't see anything wrong with having this as a "main", but it certainly was a sweet finish.  In fact, I'm sure that I will be returning to stock up on this morsel prior to a Friday-night-out.YUM!  A great idea and done so well!  From the menu down to the very VIBE of this place (great tunes, great folks, and a downtown-graphic-contemporary atmosphere).  Highly-recommended for lunching and pre-party (...and post-party) times.
<review# 1322,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/5/2013,10/21/2013,115,164,1,6,3>Who ya gonna call when you have great furniture to get rid of in a third floor apartment, no time to coordinate the world of selling on Craigslist, no truck to haul it away yourself, and know better than to leave stuff on the curb? The Rhode Island Furniture Exchange's Furniture Bank program!Such a valuable service! You donate your furniture/mattresses/clothing.  They come to do all the heavy lifting and transport and pay it forward to those in Rhode Island in greatest need - "people who are moving from shelters to their first homes, families whose homes have burned, battered women rebuilding their lives, anyone at risk moving into a space of their own."The experience was painless.  I called. Scheduled a pickup.  They called 30 minutes before they'd be arriving.  2 men came and introduced themselves and worked to haul the couches and other goodies down 3 flights of stairs and into the truck.  This service saved me time, sanity, and the back break of moving heavy furniture.  And they even had paperwork for tax deduction purposes.  AND I supported a phenomenal cause.  I hope the family using my couches and book shelves will feel safe and happy in their new home. Call window is narrow - a few days a week from 10-2.  Earlier you call the better, they book up quickly!
<review# 1323,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/9/2013,10/20/2013,242,444,1,4,4>Best. Massage. I've. Ever. Had.... Ever.It may be the long hours I've spent on work and school.  It may be the way I've stretched myself thin to meet the requirements of a demanding schedule.  It may be.... that massage was exactly what I needed to gain the relaxation I so desired after years of working full time while concurrently completing grad school.Sueli Lopes, a licensed massage therapist who works out of this spa, has a magical massage touch.  Having treated myself to a 120-minute massage through Groupon, I was looking for a way to help the stress built up in my back and shoulders (as a nurse) and in my head (from school) to melt away.  Sueli read my chart, something I find rare from my spa experiences, and truly explored the ways in which my booked session could help me personally, both mentally and physically.  A run-down of my past medical history and areas where I hold my stress helped focus the appointment and guide her efforts during our time.  The spa advertises a focus on a customized and unique spa experience.  They are right in recognizing that no two people are the same... and they truly upheld this philosophy.  I felt valued and satisfied as their customer.Unassuming from the outside, this spa gave off a clean, inviting, and relaxing feel on entering.  The atmosphere was welcoming from the minute I stepped foot inside.  All of my needs were met... from a quick bathroom break before the massage, conversation to help direct the appointment, and additional information regarding future visits... it was all handled with ease.  Between the warm massage table, steamed towels, fragrant lotions and oils, repeated checks to be sure the massage pressure and technique suited my style, calming music, and dim lights, I was beyond relaxed and super satisfied following my time at this location.  I highly recommend Sueli Lopes for your massage needs and am strongly considering a return visit.  ... if only I had the funds to visit all the time... I will certainly be keeping my eye out for any other deals that grace this particular location.
<review# 1324,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/24/2013,10/18/2013,5,41,,6,3>Lately, I've got a problem with spicy food. I cannot get things spicy enough. A few years ago I purchased a ghost chili pepper shaker as a joke gift but now I shake it on everything I eat.This place is killer - I recently had takeout and tried both a red curry and a massaman curry and I was thrilled with the quality and you can request an obscene level of spice added to it, so, yeah, that's awesome too.Fans of the late Thai Pepper will be excited because these curries are very close to what Thai Pepper produced and certainly better than any other Thai restaurant in the area.
<review# 1325,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/13/2013,10/17/2013,69,159,2,3,2>I've always expected some legwork when it comes to finding the best bagels after moving to a new town. I didn't expect to have so much trouble finding a decent bagel in this city. I got spoiled when we lived on MDI and I found a one-woman bagel shop (people reportedly traveled from NYC and took her bagels back home with them in bulk). Gosh, does Bagel Gourmet fill that void! Bagel Gourmet is as close as I've found to my perfect bagel since I left Maine 5 years ago (pretty sad if you think about it too hard). Soft on the inside, crisp on the outside, a little bigger than I like, but yummy -- so yummy -- just the same. I've been told that the family running it now took over for a family who owned and operated the shop for years and uses their passed-down recipe. The folks behind the counter here are always nice and helpful, and I love that I can get a baker's dozen with a surprising amount of variety. Only real downside is that you have to pay with cash or check, but that doesn't really bother me. If you're trying to find a delicious bagel (or a bagel, period) in this town, you'll find it at Bagel Gourmet.
<review# 1326,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/5/2013,10/16/2013,34,119,4,4,4>Peruvian food in Providence, AT LAST! And not only that, but it's FANTASTIC.I was craving ceviche, and this place did not disappoint at all. Giant mound of fresh, raw fish, locally caught. The hot sauce they served with it was AMAZING, burny and rich and perfect. I'd have eaten it off a spoon if I hadn't had SO MUCH DELICIOUS FISH to put it on instead.I had thought it would be a stingy portion like so many ceviche dishes, so I had gotten the plate that came with fried seafood as well. Also fantastic! Far too much food for poor little me to eat alone. And then there were drinks! And dessert!....I'm going to have to work my way through this entire menu. There's so many tasty looking things on it. Even things that aren't fish! It's going to take me a while, though, since the menu is huge and I'm going to have to fast the day before coming in in order to fit more delishy fishy.
<review# 1327,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/7/2013,10/15/2013,26,103,1,4,1>It's a great dining experience only in slow motion.Some things in life can not be rushed and certainly the culinary team and the servers at Tazza are among those things.Don't get me wrong, I really like Tazza; I peered through the papered-up windows when the were remodeling while impatiently writing on their FB wall. I attend their movies on the block over the summer and I commend them for making their corner on Westminster one of my favorite sit and chill spots on a sunny day......However.I've cooked chicken before, and I am also aware that Tuna takes less than 3 minutes to cook. Then why is it that on my last dining experience I could have watched LOTR (one of the long ones) during my session? When you forget either A) whether you did in fact order or B) what you ordered; then it has been too long. I enjoy food, I enjoy the pace of going out to dine; chatting with friends (or my fabulous girlfriend) while someone else slaves away to satisfy my hunger. ...The wait was worth it. The chicken, that was noted as free-range, it may have well been hunted and killed that night by how moist and flavorful it was and the tuna had that lovely delicate smoky flavor that tuna has when it has been perfectly cooked to a warm red center and a crusted outside.......However.Tazza management please motivate your server to move a bit faster, be a bit more attentive, remind them to check to see if guests are slowly starving or dehydrating while waiting. I would happily have ordered more cocktails while waiting (they're really very good).I can not fault Tazza for their food or their drinks, only their concept of time.
<review# 1328,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/22/2013,10/14/2013,8,62,4,3,3>Ya know, I'm not even sure where to begin with Hot Club.  It is a funky bar that's lined up in rows - as in, it's not one big building with a central bar and tables scattered around.  When you walk in, there's a small room that's a long row of tables and the popcorn guy (make friends with the popcorn guy - he's got yummy salty fresh popcorn for you), and at the end of the row are the bathrooms (by which I mean three stalls for ladies, squished in a room that's built for 2 stalls for ladies.  It's a mess).  Then there's another row that's less claustrophobic but still a tight fit, and a third row on the other side of the bar that's situated next to all the awesome windows that make up one whole wall of Hot Club.  Finally, there's a row outside (but it's cordoned off with a chain link fence, so it looked more like a pen for animals, especially considering how many people were packed in out there).I've never been to another place that felt so much like a bar people frequent to pick up a date.  Happily, people of all ages were trying to do this, so if you're a college kid or a 50+ professional, you've got a chance of meeting someone here.  Only problem is, once you meet 'em, you might have trouble holding an actual conversation because Hot Club is usually FULL of people.  Lots of people!Drinks are cheap and there's a $10 minimum for a tab.  It's impossible to park at Hot Club but it's worth going so you can enjoy a view of the river and the wonderful summer breeze.  Go early and plan to hang our for a long time.
<review# 1329,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,4/28/2013,10/13/2013,226,1170,,4,2>Cute little store and a good place to pick apples. I stop here often because it is between my house and the expressway. I like the way they changed the setup in side with the nice tables and chairs. They sell wine from diamond hill vineyards down the street and good produce in the summer. Awesome apple pies. Good cream horns, boston cream cupcakes, mixed berry egg tarts, lemon tart, brownies. sticky pecan buns, and oatmeal raisin cookies. They cannoli cream is good but they pre fill the cannoli, not cool. Gets mushy by the end of the day. I love the chocolate almond iced coffee. The staff is always niceWhoopie pie and cherry turnover was just ok. Didn't like the carrot cake. I feel like the pumpkin rolls changed since last season somehow. Better at Wrights dairy farm. The pistachio cupcakes were a good idea but really not good in execution. dense and flavorless. I stopped in for a vanilla cupcake one day, also not good. Cake was ok, terrible frosting. Why is it so hard to find a good vanilla cupcake?? So many bakeries have not mastered frostingThey have many different kinds of muffins and sell natural peanut butters now so I like that. Some of the local stuff is a tad overpriced. It would be nice if they would list the ingredients on their own brand of pumpkin butters and jams. I prefer lower sugar ones so it would be good to know what is in it. I opted not to buy any for this reason
<review# 1330,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/14/2013,8/21/2013,53,70,2,4,3>I love this extension of Flan & Ajo and fun that they have a bar across the street from their fantasitc BYOB restaurant.I've been here twice now and had some very tasty tempranillo and cava.  I'm a sucker for Spanish wines and they deliver.  I've had some cava, tempranillo while the wife has enjoyed some terrific roses.I've yet to try the food but given my love for Flan & Ajo that will very soon be rectified.
<review# 1331,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/3/2013,8/20/2013,25,61,2,2,2>Love this store!! I came in here with 20 minutes to kill and found 3 things I would have happily bought if it hadn't been a week before Christmas. I behaved myself [sort of] and only bought one gorgeous blouse, but I am itching to get back and see what is new. The owner is an awesome lady, a conclusion I came to as I chatted with her while I browsed. The whole experience was just nice, supporting a real person who does a great job at selecting a variety of items that are pretty, fashionable, and pretty reasonable. There is nothing crazy cheap nor crazy expensive, just appropriately priced, quality clothing. Go on and treat yo-self!
<review# 1332,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/17/2013,8/19/2013,83,170,,5,4>Oh, Gracie's. How do I love thee? Let me count the ways...I've been dying to come to Gracie's for awhile now...I was finally able to go for Summer 2013 Restaurant Week. First, everything on the restaurant week menu was practically perfect in every way. After a lovely offering of four different types of bread (with an awesome salted butter), we had an amuse bouche of some sort of fish. Then, I had the peach and tomato salad, which was followed by an amazing lavender sorbet. Then, I had the fish offering, which was followed by an amazing cheesecake with an espresso crust. Gracie's threw yet more food at us with a tiny, fun-sized, orange-blossom macaron. Oh, wait...when we got into the car, there were the famous cookies, just waiting for us. Everything, from the salad to the entree to the dessert, was inventive and just so very special. My boyfriend ordered different things than I did for every course, and everything he ordered was amazing as well. Including, what I think might be The Best Creme Brûlée In Rhode Island. Gracie's absolutely lives up to the hype, and I can't wait to come back and try their full menu offering. It's a treat, and every step of the process is just tremendous.
<review# 1333,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/30/2013,8/18/2013,120,208,2,2,2>What's there not to love about Dels? I think just about everyone in RI looks forward to it opening for the summer. I have been going to this location my whole life and it has always been my favorite place to get my delish lemonade. This location is always consistently  good and has been for years. All the flavors are great but I think lemon is still my favorite. It's a nice spot with the water across the street and it's tucked off the road so you can sit and enjoy the experience.
<review# 1334,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/9/2013,8/17/2013,30,246,,6,3>I feel really stupid. How many times have I passed Lemongrass without stepping foot inside? Far too many. But hurrah! That has now been corrected with a vengeance.We chose Lemongrass for our 13th anniversary dinner last night. It was HOT, I was not cooking, and we didn't want to drive very far. What to do? Well, of course I'm going to rely on my fellow Yelpers! Thanks to y'all, we had a marvelous dinner.First the boring details (aka...not the food). Lemongrass is located on Post Road adjacent to a small strip plaza and across the street from Cosmic. Parking is good and we were seated immediately by a very friendly hostess who turned out to be our server. Our booth was in the front, right next to the waitress station, but this was the quietest station I've ever seen, so no stress there. Decor is not typical "Chinese", in fact the prints on the walls almost looked...Italian? Anyway...it's soothing, low-key and welcoming.Now on to the really great stuff - food! We started with totally cheesy drinks - 2 Mai Tai's which were good. They came all decked out in classy cups with a half-naked lady embossed on the side and umbrellas up on top - yay! Next on to sushi. Now, I'm a wimp regarding sushi. I don't do raw. So California Rolls as usual and hubby got something he liked (I don't remember - he said it was good!). Mine was prepared correctly and came with all the usual accompaniments. Having skipped lunch, I basically inhaled mine...yummm.I was in the mood to try something a little different for my main dish. And I'm not afraid to ask questions! Our server definitely knew her stuff and pointed me in the right direction. My final selection (and it was tough - lots of great sounding options) was the Vietnamese Bee Bong with chicken. OMG (yes...I really did just use the dreaded "omg"!) this dish is so ridiculously delicious....light with lots of veggies and rice noodles. A peanut sauce is served on the side - be sure to add that in. The portion is more than enough for 2 meals. Hubby had the cashew chicken which also was very good. Mildly irksome was that rice has to be ordered separately. But the prices are so reasonable, I can forgive that easily.Lemongrass, you've caused me to write a gushing review. Are you happy? I am!
<review# 1335,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/20/2013,8/16/2013,1202,670,13,12,4>At a loss for words so just a few thoughts:New favorite restaurant alert! ding ding ding!Kohlrabi. Butter. Bliss.I hurt thinking about this place, it's soooooooooo good. Easily amongst the top 3 meals I've had in Providence.It was all I could do not to lick my neighbor's plate clean. I didn't even know him or his plate. I possibly licked my own plate clean, but there's no photographic evidence.Just come.
<review# 1336,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/28/2013,8/15/2013,31,82,,6,4>Loved it! The vibe is awesome. You can go here any time of day and hang out. I really hope it takes off. While I'm not crazy about the food menu. (a modern twist on southern cuisine) I love the feeling and the atmosphere and everything else. I want this place do do well because everything else there FAILED. Its right across the street from Ricks Roadhouse. They' have a cute patio-you walk in there is a really nice bar. Stocked with draft beers, delicious cocktails, full juice bar and espresso drinks ready to be made. I was really impressed by  what was going on. Kind of like the Duck and Bunny, but way more options. Its a mix of modern and classy but easy going. They have breakfast, brunch, lunch and dinner. I REALLY like that they do a juice bar and coffee but you can also grab a drink if you aren't feeling healthy. So for the food. I'm not a meat eater and if you are a southern comfort food person, you can understand most of it is based around meat. So not for me. I do have to say the cornbread was delicious. Advice- don't take a big bite because you'll be chewing for days. It's thick and heavy. I was disappointed with the mac and cheese. Just not my thing.  I had a salad with catfish. It was supposed to be fried but I asked it to be baked and I was really happy. The dressing was served on the side and let me tell you that dressing was DELICIOUS. Everything was prepared and presented beautifully. The chef who also works at Coco Pazzo and English Cellar does really well.  I follow him on Twitter now and I saw one of his tweets- from a picture he posted it looks like Succotash has a small herb garden on the roof! Local! Gotta love that.
<review# 1337,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/18/2013,8/14/2013,123,183,2,3,4>Recently had a few services at this salon. Beautiful space, lots of light, a pleasure to sit here for a few hours to get a new look. I recently had my hair cut by Jen and colored by Chelsea. Jen provided a sleek, layered cut that falls beautifully. As for color, I asked for an ombre look that was a little more dramatic than my original, more subtle ombre. A few Pinterest pictures later and Chelsea knew what I was looking for. She definitely delivered! Bumble and Bumble products are like a cherry on top. Very pleased.
<review# 1338,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/12/2013,8/13/2013,70,481,4,3,4>A serious contender for best burger in Providence (I still have yet to try a few places). I went today for lunch with Junior and I loved the hell out of this place. Let's itemize, shall we?1. Beer selection was like whoa mama and reasonably priced. They had my favorite craft can, always a plus.2. Really good fries.3. THE SLIDERS. Wonderful oniony brown bits of heaven on a potato bun. I went with the pulled pork one and Junior stuck with the classic. Increduballs good.4. Junior is the most picky eater on Earth and he scarfed it all down. The fact that my kid ate everything is a high compliment to Harry's!5. Server Kayla was a sweetheart and stayed right on top of everything. It was nice to have friendly service for once.6.Loved the decor and the 90's hip hop.7. OMG it only cost how much? I'm so going back. Like tomorrow. And next week. And forever. And I'm going to try everything.PS: Junior made his grandpa take him back the next day!
<review# 1339,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/11/2013,8/12/2013,65,138,2,11,4>I literally can not get back to this place fast enough.  Finally a gem in West Warwick, my fingers and toes are crossed this place stays around for a long time!The decor is awesome, its like you stepped into a band rehearsal.  Cymbals make interesting sconces, guitars, drum sticks adorn the walls and the menu is set up like a top 40 list.  All the wing sauces are named after famous songs. "Hot for Teacher", "Strawberry Fields Forever", just to name a few.We started off with the buffalo chicken dip, we devoured this dip, leaving no speck of dip or chip left behind. We ordered wings with 2 different sauces.  "Golden Slumbers" a delicious mix of honey mustard and BBQ sauce - sweet and tangy, my favorite. Seriously finger lickin good!To kick it up a notch, our next batch was "Cowboys From Hell".  Perfect hint of hotness.  Didn't hit you immediately, but the heat slowly crept up on you.  Again, absolutely delicious.This food is F.R.E.S.H. not your frozen crap by any means.  You may wait a little longer, but in my opinion fresh hot food is always worth the extra time.  During our experience the owner, stopped by several times to check on us. What a nice, funny guy. Totally cares about his business and it shows.  i wish him and Boneheads the absolute best, I know we will be back many times for sure!
<review# 1340,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/16/2013,1/14/2014,34,119,3,6,3>Okay, I was skeptical of sushi in a strip mall on Rt. 2. I was wrong.This is some good sushi. Very good sushi. It's also quite reasonably priced sushi, considering. They have half-priced sushi at happy hour and all day Sundays, too.Onwards to the important part - squishy fishy.The menu said the crunchy snowball roll was highly recommended, and let me tell you, it deserves that recommendation. Let me add mine. It's tuna, crunchy, more tuna, eel sauce, spicy mayo, and creamy wasabi, with more crunchy and more tuna. It was fantastic, if messy. The tuna was really standout.My companion and I are drawn to the more creative rolls, and with an enormous sushi menu, this place delivered. We tried one with mango (great!) and one with strawberry (not so great, but still tasty.)The service was great - teacups always full, and the very friendly waitress always seemed to magically appear as soon as we needed anything.
<review# 1341,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/2/2013,1/13/2014,45,211,3,5,4>So after doing a few too many road races and two sprint tris I decided to "treat yo self" like Tom and Donna taught me and go for a luscious massage. However unlike Tom and Donna this girl bought a groupon so she got more bang for her buck. I called to schedule my appointment before purchasing my groupon as in the past I've had a hard time getting appointments when a company runs a groupon promotion. I was able to easily procure an appointment for the following Saturday but when I went online to purchase my groupon they were sold out. I was sad but I decided to call back and see if they would still honor the price and thankfully they did! Upon arrival at the Biltmore I valet-ed as it was free with visiting the Spa. I entered the spa which is located off the lobby and thought the decor was quiet nice. Calm, beautiful just what it should be. I was greeted and asked to fill out a questionnaire and was then escorted upstairs to the main level of the spa. There was I was given a tour of where I could change, and the waiting area. The changing room was super clean and pretty and a clean robe and sandals were waiting for me. I also noticed there were showers, blow driers and hair/body products if you wished to shower post treatment. I changed and waited in the quiet waiting room and then was brought in for my massage. The masseur asked about focus area and I was sure to point out all my tight areas from training. She did an amazing job and kept coming back to those areas to work them out the best she could in the hour. The room was super quiet and the massage bed was comfortable and warm. After finishing my massage she told me to take my time and she would meet me outside. She met me with a large glass of cucumber water and explained what areas were tight. It was a perfect "treat yo self" experience and I can't wait to get back for another.
<review# 1342,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,6/20/2013,1/12/2014,226,1170,,9,2>Let's talk breakfast. Sadly my experience this time was not very good. Irish benedict and apple pie were both a fail. The benedict pic should say it all but I will elaborate anyway. Now I love cheese. It is a glorious thing. And I scraped the cheese sauce off that benedict. It was thick and very salty and just not good. It was either melted processed cheese or a very bad recipe. The benedict was a mess.  Now it would just seem to be common sense to me to use a sausage patty if you are using it for a benedict. You don't slice a sausage link in half and throw it under an egg, sausage that is also bland at that. The english muffin was soft and too big for the other components. The whole thing was falling apart and I got it all over me. If you can look at that and send it out of the kitchen, you should not be cooking. They also use styrofoam for their takeout containers, not okPie was tart and not sweet. Even a la mode it was not worth $6 nor was this "mile high" pie bigger than anywhere else that serves pie. The only good things were the side of baked beans, the vanilla ice cream, and the coffee. I do not like the homefries here so I have to substitute for something else anytime I visit, already a big negative. The wait was long too for being mid morning on a week day. It took ten minutes just to order and I had to ask for water after 15 minutes. An hour should be more than enough for breakfast and by the time my food came I had to rush to eat breakfast and dessert in about 10 minutes or so because I had an appointment to get to. I was out $20 and left irritated between the wait and the food. You can still hear crickets if no one has paid for juke box songs. The staff is pretty nice here and my server Pauline was very sweet. Kitchen staff: Go around the corner to Sweetworks and get the homefries, cheesy sauce, and desserts. Take notes. That is where I should have went. Bistro 45 is also good. There is an abundance of breakfast places within 2 miles.I will say I also stopped in for lunch recently and had a better experience. My friend was looking for an all day breakfast place and this is one of the few. The early bird special is a very good deal. I liked my food and the staff was nice as usual. Meatloaf, chicken soup, and cinnamon bread pudding for $9I appreciate the message on the facebook page asking that people request a manager when there is a problem, but don't as much appreciate the excuses about why it is ok to make excessive mistakes because they just happen or whatever. Funny how some other places don't have as many mistakes. It's called the ability to cook. Complaining may bring it to your attention but the reality is the fact that you send out bad food to begin with gives people little reason to want to wait who knows how long for you to fix it. People are busy and hungry. If someone can't cook then they can't. It is not a mistake. it is a lack of know how or pride in the food. If people are unhappy, telling you will not make it a "great experience"  regardless. It may bump it up to mediocre and the person likely isn't going to return regardless. So instead of making excuses for why it is ok to make mistakes, take a lesson from the places who make fewer mistakes and who make better food and learn from the reviews. This place has great potential and a good menu but has an overall mediocre rating for a reason. If you don't want honest bad reviews, don't give a bad experience, very simple. Get a real chef.
<review# 1343,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/7/2013,1/11/2014,56,130,,8,2>As some people have stated truly, "a hidden gem". They have a great online presence cirostavern.com, and their menu convinced me this was the place for my second visit with friends. I have been here twice. Once in 2007 (and I liked it) and the second time and most recent visit December 2013 (and I loved it!) Making reservations - I called for a reservation about two weeks in advance for 16 people and was greeted in a very warm way. She was extremely nice and helpful. She asked great questions about the type of table preferred and if we wanted to have a limited menu option. A very easy and pleasant process. Judging by the outside, I wasn't sure if they could accommodate a group of 16 (no problem - with room to spare for many others!)Table Service - a polite, professional young man served our group. He was patient and able to answer/accommodate food and drink choices. It was a busy Friday night, but he moved swiftly always looking for a dirty dish to take away or a drink to refill. He was very easy going and proactive about whether we were splitting the bill (he was relieved when we told him one bill was fine :)Food - So many delicious and creative options. I am a burger hound, so I opted for the Eggs Benedict Burger (see pic I shared). It was delicious and sizable. Nice quality thick bacon which goes a LONG way with me. The Vermont cheddar they used was killer good! Hand cut fries - Amazing as delicious as they look. The burger was on a pretzel roll and it was buttery/grilled and DELICIOUS! It was cooked as requested - Medium and very juicy. Some friends had the pulled pork nachos and they were enough for two to share. A nice variety of wings. I liked the fact they were the smaller crispy version. (Note to other restaurants: When it looks like a drum stick - they are not wings!)RAVENOUS BREWING COMPANY!!! They have their Coffee Milk on Stout and it is worth the trip here, just for that very special stout. Smooth and nice tones of coffee. Top 5 of my favorite stouts - it is going to give Goose Island Bourbon County Coffee Stout a run for their money if Ravenous ever starts to mass distribute.Parking - not great especially on a rainy Friday when the Stadium has a show going on.  As you face the building there is a lot to the right and there is parking behind. Chan's seems to have another revenue stream - you can park in their lot for $5.Restrooms are upstairs - two stalls in the women's room and there are two comfy chairs in the waiting area.  Across the way from the restrooms upstairs is a room for Paint and Drink. I look forward to returning to this great relaxed atmosphere with great food and drink.
<review# 1344,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/17/2013,1/10/2014,26,103,5,5,4>Look like the best boyfriend ever!This year Gary worked on a very special request for  me; daily deliveries to celebrate my SHG's  (smokin' hot girlfriend) birthday.  Let's just say that based on the Facebook posts by her that he did a fabulous job.At this point perhaps I should rave about the vast selection of flowers, breeds and vase options, but let's face it, I'm a guy and such remarks would only make me sound more ignorant than I am.  I will say the store had a lovely smell to it, like fresh cut flowers ...nice touch.Gary, thank you!
<review# 1345,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/12/2013,1/9/2014,8,62,2,4,3>Diamond Hill came highly recommended by a local so I've been itching to check it out for weeks!  The Vineyard's visitor's area is a small farmhouse tucked away in the woods - be careful or you might drive past it.  There's a one-way road with a funky stoplight telling you when it's safe to drive (though I'm not sure it can be trusted).  The wine tastings are a little odd - you stand around a very tiny bar area and try not to get in the way of people shopping in the surrounding store as you sip your wine.  It all feels a little rushed and the staff doesn't have much to say about the wine, but they have a unique selection of reds, whites, and fruit wines and the tasting is FREEFREEFREE!  Afterwords, you can buy a reasonably priced bottle and enjoy it in the sitting room, with comfy chairs, a warm fire, and a lovely view.  They also welcome visitors bringing your own food (or they sell nibbles in their shop), so you can easily enjoy a tipsy low-cost afternoon.Diamond Hill definitely has a Rhode Island feel - it's like you stepped into someone's home and they're sitting you down to enjoy a drink.  It may not be fancy but it's cozy and inviting.  Check it out if you've got a free afternoon.
<review# 1346,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/10/2013,1/7/2014,30,135,3,7,8>A weiner joint in Manville, and what a great little place!  Brand new and gleaming, everything was super fresh and tasted great.  I had one weiner with mustard & onions (my standard) and a cheese dog (because I've never had one before).   I got chips but the menu said they've got fries & onion rings...I also noticed they have chili, beans, a few other things.  They have all sorts of toppings for the weiners.  That area (right outside Manville Park) desperately needed some food and KD Coney's is a great addition to the neighborhood.
<review# 1347,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/15/2013,1/6/2014,57,152,2,10,7>New breakfast restaurant in Washington Park! I urge all of those who are looking for something other than Spoonems in the Edgewood/Wash. Park area to give this place a chance.  The takeout menu advertizes Breakfast, lunch, dinner, and late night grill on the weekends, so there is more than just breakfast available. The breakfast I had today was awesome. I got a pretty amazing Benedict for $6.95. Huge portion, great homefries. My friend got the House Special which was another great plate  at $4.95.The menu offers an interesting mix of American diner food, and Dominican comfort food. The service was on point. The interior spotless, bright, and warmly appointed.  The only drawback was the wait for our food, which took just over 30 minutes. I didn't dare complain or make an issue of this, as this business is brand new. Will absolutely go back!
<review# 1348,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/30/2013,1/5/2014,149,382,,6,4>Cable Car is that great indie theater that every "major" city should have.It offers cozy love seats with cup holders for snuggling during "that french film that only you and your film geek buddies have heard of" plays. It plays films that the big box theaters won't touch but that end up making your heart race, or your eyes water, or your heart hurt.  I've seen some of the best films of my life at this theater and enjoy the fact that this place exists only a short walk down the hill from my apartment.  Aside from playing great cinema, Cable Car has a great cafe with great folks behind the bar.  I typically go with a beer and a popcorn.   They offer anything from Gansett' to Brooklyn Chocolate Stout.  Usually about five bottle choices.  They also offer wine.  The popcorn comes in a refillable container and you can toss on some great seasonings to spice it up a bit.  They also offer specialty sodas, coffee, sweets, and sandwiches but we usually stick with soda/beer and popcorn.  The location is perfect, smack dab next to RISD on S. Main st.  Super close to Providence Place, Downcity, and College Hill.  No reason not to make the trek to catch a film that may not be mainstream, but is most likely better than what's playing at Showcase (hipster, snob, film-elitist...say what you will but it's probably true).  You won't regret it because even if the movie isn't up your alley, the experience of Cable Car is great in itself.
<review# 1349,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/9/2013,1/4/2014,72,146,2,3,4>First Downcity store to offer mens selvedge denim! it's about time PVD get some style, we need more Clovers and less Jos. A Bank's. I found a great pair of Neuw Denim black jeans on sale! Looks like everything is on sale this week in time for the holidays. Too bad I need to buy people gifts this year! The selection is small but all great brands (i.e. Nudie, Nuew, etc.) Clover has both men and woman's clothing almost 50/50. I hope they carry men's shoes in the future, I need something to go with these new jeans!
<review# 1350,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/20/2014,11/27/2014,33,62,2,4,2>I came across Verde after a recommendation from another yelper lead me to their page (thanks, Allison!). Yes, I was just as surprised as you are by its location. A gorgeous vineyard in Johnston? It's true! As you drive down the dirt road leading to the vineyard you are transported to anywhere but the town it is technically a part of. As my group and I started to approach the tasting room, the owner, Jim Verde, came out and introduced himself to us and invited us to join him as he tested the sugar levels on one strain of the grapes. Once we started to head down towards the grapes with him, other couples joined our now formed tour. Jim was an outstanding host and made the experience a fun and educational one. You know this man has a passion and he's ready and willing to share it with anyone interested. Post tour we headed into the stunning tasting room. I mean, straight out of Sonoma. We knew that someone as well versed and passionate about the grapes and process as Jim was would produce fantastic wines and we were not disappointed. After the tasting, we took a bottle of red with us to a picnic table on the edge of the lawn looking out onto the Scituate Reservoir. All in all, couldn't have asked for better wine in a better locale. Oh, and did I mention the vineyard is entirely sustainable? Jim doesn't just produce great wines, he generates his own energy as well! This is an absolute must if you're in the area!
<review# 1351,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/28/2014,11/26/2014,74,362,4,5,3>One of the rare gems in Providence, as it embodied almost everything I'd come to love about good sushi and home-in-the-wall goodness. This place is run by a really nice couple, and all of their fish taste freshly caught, and do not contain any of the post-frozen aftertaste that accompany many of the other store-bought or restaurant fish. I came here for lunch and got the deluxe sushi plate, which contained a smattering of unique sushi pieces, in addition to a roll of California rolls and tuna rolls (Tekka) with a very authentic, savory bowl of miso soup. The agedashi dofu was amazing, and for $5, you got 4 large pieces of tofu with freshly grated boshi. In retrospect, after having such fresh sushi, I kinda regret getting the California and tuna rolls, but even they were delicious with the amazing sushi rice.Ultimately, I really enjoyed my lunch here, and was very pleasantly full.Food: 4 starsPrice: 4 starsService: 4 stars
<review# 1352,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/10/2014,11/25/2014,33,41,3,4,3>I went here recently with a good friend and we had an excellent meal. We split a bottle of wine and the wait staff made sure our glasses were never empty.  I had the short rib ragu with pappadelle.........it was so good that I didn't even offer my friend a bite! My selfishness wasn't pre-calulated, I just didn't think of it because it was THAT good! My friend ordered the gnocchi.....and come to think of it she didn't offer me a bite either! (I feel better now!)The only reason I didn't give 5 stars is we didn't order dessert and I just can't give 5 stars to a restaurant without trying the dessert! I'll just have to go back. :-)
<review# 1353,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/21/2014,11/24/2014,171,187,6,7,7>We had a double-date night at Rosalina last weekend. I've been excited to try this new addition to Providence's downtown dining scene, and it didn't disappoint. As Providence Restaurant Week was still going strong, we were able to test the waters with a variety of appetizers, entrees and desserts. But first things first: we started with a round of drinks from Rosalina's inventive and fun cocktails menu. I plumped for the "Satin Doll"--choosing not to feel an ounce of shame uttering the name of the nearby gentleman's club because, hey, I'm a total sucker for St. Germain-and-Prosecco anything. Never mind that St. Germain lore states the elderflowers in the liquor are hand-picked by monks in the French countryside...while the cocktail is named after a strip club. When the sacred mixes with the profane, the results are quite tasty. I kicked off my meal with eggplant parmesan, which arrived in a modestly-sized, sizzling stone pot. If you're an eggplant fan, please, please, please get it here! Without hesitation! Because, whoa; it was my standout course of the night. I had to summon every ounce of restraint in my body not to devour it in full -- in a surprising break from character, I was pacing myself. Instead, I grabbed a hunk of bread from our shared bowl and scooped up rich mouthfuls of red sauce from the base of the dish. I waited for the second round, as I sipped a glass of red wine...so, this is how I pace myself: with bread and wine.  My entrée was the Pappardelle Bolognese which comes with pancetta, beef, veal, pork and wine simmered with a touch of milk. The dish was straightforward, Italian comfort food: with flavors mixing together harmoniously. While not as memorable as my first course, it was still, very tasty. It was also, incredibly filling; again, I finished only half of the dish and made sure the other half was tucked away for leftovers. Our waiter graciously poured an extra helping of Bolognese sauce over the whole thing tableside, before packaging it up for the ride home. I recall clapping as this was done. And though it wasn't my favorite course of the night, I'd be totally lying if I didn't admit to being pretty darn psyched to have the leftovers for lunch at the office today.For dessert, the entire table opted for the cheesecake, which is brought in direct from NYC. There isn't much to say about it, aside from: it's utterly, decadently, sinfully good cheesecake. And, it was the one course that I finished, in its entirety. Over the course of our meal we were visited by both Tom and Lauren, the husband and wife owners of Rosalina. Tom's got the front of the house covered, while Lauren holds court in the kitchen. They're a friendly, hospitable and welcoming duo who seems to truly care that their patrons are happy with their meals and enjoying themselves. Throughout our dinner, we were treated not like customers, but like family.  The décor is urbane and cool, with some deeper meaning in the form of large-scale black and white drawings that are incredibly lifelike; that's because they're actually taken from their photographic originals, images of the owners' relatives. It's a hip way of paying tribute to them and giving a nod to the past, while also adding a sweet, authentic touch to the space.  A very merry time was had by all! I experienced an extremely distressing weigh-in the morning after this lovely, friend and food-filled feast. I laughed a lot, to be sure. But apparently, laughter is better for the soul, than it is for the waistline.  I have a few days of clean living and giant homemade salads ahead of me. But I can't shake the memory of that eggplant delight. When I can fit into my skinny jeans again, I'm making a beeline back to the lovely little Rosalina.
<review# 1354,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/8/2014,11/23/2014,11,66,3,4,4>I love the juices here! I constantly find my self here getting the Refreshing Greens juice. My boyfriend also enjoys their ice coffee.After going here for just drinks about a dozen times, we finally tried their sandwiches. I got the Caprese panini. IT WAS AMAZING. The bread was perfect. Then it had mozerella and a tomato basil walnut pesto. The flavor from the pesto was so fresh and it had a little crunch from the walnut. I would completely recommend this. My boyfriend got the Bad Boy panini and loved it. Let's just saying conversation was at minimum because we were too busy enjoying the flavors of our sandwiches.
<review# 1355,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/19/2014,11/22/2014,142,225,4,4,5>A great take on flatbreadsA chill vibe at each locationA unique profile for each oneWhen we got word that Flatbread Company was coming to Providence, my family and I darn near flipped our wigs.  We had been staunch advocates of the Portsmouth and Portland locations, and for a family that usually thrives on trying as many new places as possible, it was one of those restaurants we craved multiple times. And then we heard FBCo was coming to L'il Rhody. Hot diggity.  We kept an eye on their Facebook page, monitoring construction, and looking for an opening date.  Finally, it arrived.In short, we all love it.  The food consists of quality ingredients and great flavors.  The service is friendly.  Getting a seat isn't overly burdensome, thanks to the large layout, and waiting is pleasant back by the books behind the bar, as well.  Outdoor seating is clearly a bonus in pleasant weather, and near the ovens is a separate kind of perk, also.  The local tap beer offering echoes a strength of other locations, and is nicely representative here (stretching into nearby MA/CT offerings in addition to RI, sometimes).  Kids love coloring their own submissions for menu covers and gobbling up delicious pizza.  And so do us adults!A solid offering - glad PVD is on the Flatbread Company map.
<review# 1356,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/12/2014,11/21/2014,12,104,4,4,5>This place is inspirational.  This is the best brunch you can get in Providence.  The owner cooks and waits tables...he runs a show. It is a very small place and you may have to wait for a table especially on weekends.  Let me tell you...the wait is worth it! Once you sit down the food comes out timely.  And the food is wonderful.  Classic breakfast items cooked to perfection.  The corned beef hash was AMAZING.  The huevos rancheros were delicious.  Home fries that come with most dishes are crazy good.  I have never tried his muffins but want to so bad.   Can't wait to go back.
<review# 1357,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/8/2014,11/20/2014,1202,670,6,7,8>When I first started visiting this neck of the woods, a RI-native client said something that phonetically sounded like "Elmer, you neat-uh eat-uh wee-nuh." Lessons learned that day were: 1. The Letter R=Ah; 2. "Wee-nuhs" are spelled wieners; 3. I can indeed survive a gender identity crisis w/ my ego in tact. The second time I had them, another MA-native client accused the wiener of being a lesser version of a saugy made of Grade B meat and unable to be exported from RI (this is hearsay and some locals may say heresy).As a New England carpetbagger, I will not take sides in the wiener vs. saugy debate and just describe it as being a skinnier hotdog-like paprika-colored encased meat product that is served w/ a sloppy joe-like sauce mixture w/ onions on top. This Olneyville spot has a good iteration of the local "delicacy." Just don't call them weenies, they might get a complex. And you might as well get a coffee milk while you're at it.
<review# 1358,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/15/2014,11/19/2014,296,230,3,3,4>Such an awesome spot! Amazing sushi, great drinks and friendly service!You can't go wrong with any of their sushi/sashimi combinations and they are priced very fairly. They're all under $25, come with soup AND salad, and are comprised of a nice variety of chef's choice sushi/sashimi. Afterwards, you'll be stuffed. But oh man, the specialty rolls are so good too! It's hard to choose. I can't even pinpoint one that was my favorite. They're just all really great flavor combinations. Also, on more than one occasion, they've dropped a roll on the house at the table for us to sample and both times we absolutely loved what they put together. There was one with shrimp tempura and vegetable inside with crab and spicy mayo on top.... yum yum yum.If you ask, they will do any of their cocktails in a pitcher so that you can share with the table. My friends really like the suffering bastard. Very strong, very good.If you didn't notice, I don't have any photos of any of the food.... that's because as soon as they drop the plates, it's in my mouth. THAT good. Next time I will have to slow down and remember!A+ experience all around.
<review# 1359,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/11/2014,11/16/2014,68,356,4,4,2>Go to G Pub! I could end my review right there but would probably eventually lose my Elite status if I started writing reviews like that. First off, I had never heard of G Pub, somehow my husband found out about it (he thinks from Providence Monthly) and wanted to try it out. Their location has pros and cons. The actual restaurant itself is awesome, I totally fell in love with it. It's downstairs, below luxury apartments I believe, and just has a really cool vibe to it. Nice long bar, booths and tables, pool tables, a separate room in the back that looked good for private parties. The con of their location, and this is just my opinion, is the fact that it is not advertised well and it's on Orange St. Orange St is just a weird street downtown, very short and one-way surrounded by other one ways so it's sort of hard to get to if you are driving, and just not a street most people go down. I worry they just aren't getting enough foot traffic for people to realize this fabulous restaurant is there, so I hope they start advertising more.We popped in around 7 on a Friday night, and the place was only about half full. Good for us since we could be seated right away, but I sort of felt bad they weren't busier. They had a ton of waitstaff on duty, so the service was very prompt. Their menu was fun, some apps, some entrees, a selection of burgers and other items. We opted for the potato chips with cheese sauce. It was good, but I wanted more cheese sauce! I ended up getting The Greenhorn Burger which came topped with all sorts of spicy goodness. I got it without the bun and it was delicious! It came with a heaping amount of cole slaw and a pickle that might have been the yuckiest pickle I have ever tasted (sorry but it tasted like cloves). My husband got a salad that he really enjoyed.I can't wait to go back here and hope this place makes it!
<review# 1360,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/26/2013,10/12/2013,48,138,,2,3>North is in the running for one of my favorite restaurants!  The ambiance, the food, the drinks...it's all just great.  Maybe more importantly, it has its own voice and make me want to go back because I cannot get that experience anywhere else.  I've tried most of the food, but I have to say that the one thing that I must get every time is the ham and cheese biscuits.  I don't know how they took a classic and gave it a new delicious twist but they are by far the best biscuits I have had!
<review# 1361,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/18/2013,10/11/2013,81,361,,3,3>A twinge of fall in the air. Apples galore!  The farmer's market in early fall is always my favorite.  However, I will say that this market is the best in RI regardless of the season.  The market is outside from late May - late October and then moves inside for the colder months.  You can find produce, dairy (milk, yogurt, chesse), meats (cured and frozen), eggs, fruit, flowers, prepared foods, coffee and even have your knives sharpened while you shop!  What is there not to love.  I have my regular farmers that I scope out first before I try out someone new.  I'm a fan of Pat's Pastured for meats and eggs, New Harvest for coffee, Arcadia Farm or City Farm for produce, and Barden Orchard for fruit.  Market day is my favorite day of the week.  This market is fantastic.  And is also normally bordered by a craft / artisan market.  And there's often food trucks or restaurants in walking distance.  Great way to spend a Saturday morning.
<review# 1362,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/28/2013,10/10/2013,53,149,2,2,3>Do you want to relax on a couch chair and read a good book? Do you need to plug in and get work done? Perhaps you want to have a little coffee date with a friend and catch up? Their seating arrangements range from a high bar stool tables to a low night stand and couch. Suiting for whatever you want to do. The tables and chairs are fairly spaced out to have enough intimacy without straining to avoid eavesdropping.  The atmosphere here is heavily influenced by an indie rock vibe and hipster culture. It's a long rectangular shaped shop with poster-filled white walls and high ceilings. They have a unique variety of sandwich and wrap combos that are available. Their add-ons are really awesome. I mean, where else can you find a place that will add hummus, avocados and sprouts to your sandwich?! PLUS they have almond milk for those (like myself) that are lactose and allergic to soy! They get major points for that in my book alone!The off-street parking can be a little tough depending on the time of day you are going. So improvise and walk on over! Don't worry, it'll be worth it.
<review# 1363,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/29/2013,10/9/2013,55,257,3,7,3>I'm not all too familiar with consignment shops.  It seems that all of the shops I've ever entered in my past have been... well... trashy.  The clothes are out of style, they stink and are torn and tattered.  The costume jewelry is very nana'ish.  The ambiance is dank and drab.And then there is Blackbirds Consignment.  A friend of mine recommended that I contact Jackie at Blackbirds after I mentioned I was cleaning out my closet.  I have a problem.  This problem is called shopping.  I'm addicted to it.  I'll buy a shirt, for example, and really like it in the store.  I'll take that shirt home and put it in my closet.  I forget about it.  I take it out with the intention of wearing it.  I put the shirt on.  I take the shirt off.  I put the shirt back in my closet.  It's a nasty habit. Anyway.  I made an appointment with Jackie and that appointment was today.  I must've brought in at least 50 pieces of clothing, 10 pairs of shoes, 5 handbags and a slew of belts.  She quickly picked through the out of season items and suggested I could either hold on to them and bring them back to her in a few months, or I could leave them there and she would donate them to a local church.  I decided on the latter.  I like the way Jackie's store is run; she's very fair.  Let's say she puts my dress up on the rack for $30.  If and when that dress sells, we split the sale price; she keeps $15 and I get $15.  She'll offer cash or a check or even an in-store credit.  Items stay on the floor for 60 days.  After the 60 days are up, you have 7 days to come back and pick up your items, or she can donate them for you. The shop is small, but it's packed full of stylish and inexpensive clothing.  She does have a high end label rack which are priced fairly.  Everything I looked at, high end or not, was such a good deal!  Her space is light, bright and airy.  It's very hip.I can't wait to get back here and spend more time poking around.  Jackie is great; she's very down to earth, personable and really takes the time to talk to you.  Bottom line.  Stop in to Blackbirds and either drop off some items to consign, or spend some of that hard earned money of yours!
<review# 1364,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/15/2013,10/8/2013,34,137,,3,2>This place is a gem!  I started kickboxing with my friend here this past week.  We went to the Friday night class which was led by Robbie and assisted by Jenn.  They were both extremely helpful while pushing you further than you thought you could go.  They aided in getting the stances correct and provided one on one attention.  The class was fun with varying fitness levels participating harmoniously.  It was one of the best workouts of my life and I plan to continue here.  The workout involved hitting and kicking the bag while also including core and other strengthening exercises.  The pink gloves made it one better and I was able to completely relieve all of the week's stress by punching until I could no longer.  The hour flies by with a variety of rounds in which you work on different combinations of punches and kicks.The studio itself was immaculate with locker rooms and a play area for the kids.  I was so pleasantly surprised when I walked in that I was in disbelief people worked out in such a pristine environment.  I would highly recommend this place for a good workout and some stress relief!!
<review# 1365,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/23/2013,10/7/2013,103,203,1,4,4>Sushi run...grocery run...milk run...or pick-me-up-some-dinner run.  This place does it...and does it with class.I love visiting Belmont Market. LOVE it.  I say "visit" because I don't really feel like I shop when I am here (even though that's exactly what I do).  It would be such a cool place to hang out, if hunger or interest didn't overwhelm you into making a purchase.The staff is friendly. The store is clean. The shelves are well-stocked. And - I don't have to make sure I wear a comfortable pair of shoes because I don't have to walk miles to get to the milk and dairy aisle. It is right-sized, like markets used to be.I am always drawn to their soups. Sometimes I just go in FOR soup. They have four hot soup selections a day, made in-house, that rival any soup I could make in my own kitchen if I had  the gourmet ingredients (and, oh yeah, time) to do it. My favorite is the mushroom, leek and chicken soup.  I enjoy it too much to even try to dissect the ingredient list but the meaty mushroom flavor and chicken thighs are in perfect balance with the leek-laced broth.  The soups do rotate which allows me to explore other 2nd place contenders like last week's chick pea and carrot, sausage and lentil, or vegetable beef. All fan-freaking-tastic.Prepared foods...you cannot come in here hungry.  If you do browse the prepared foods and you see the Chicken Statler Marbella (a tasty chicken entree   prepared with apricots, olives, prunes, garlic and white wine) ,buy it.  The combo of salty olives with the sweet dried fruit is heavenly yumminess paired with the tender chicken.Meats are super fresh...and the seafood department always features super fresh local fish.  They also carry smoked seafood from Foxy smokehouse.  If you are a fan of smoked fish, you need to stop here...salmon, bluefish, mussels, scallops.  All smoked (and some of it caught) local.They also recently expanded their natural medicine/beauty/cosmetics which I'm pretty excited about.  The three kids and I literally can spend a good half hour enjoying the soap and lotion frangrances in the testers that they have out.  Sniffing nirvana.The floral department here is beautiful.  Also remarkable is the HUGE variety of bird food and feeders that they carry. You can also count on beautiful, fresh produce.Last, and certainly not least, they carry sushi from Sushi-Go restaurant.  Prepared in front of you and prepared to order if you wish.  The signature #2 roll with spicy tuna, asian pear and avocado is my favorite. At about seven bucks, it's a bargain.I adore this absolute gem of a market and regularly drive the 25 minutes here to show my love...even when we're not staying in town.  Ample lot parking just a short drive off Route 1. Definitely worth the trip.
<review# 1366,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/4/2013,10/6/2013,54,196,3,7,5>Brilliant - absolutely brilliant!Nestled on Main St, you will find a gem of business. A fun night out, a painting class, 2 glasses of wine/beer/soda, and a fantastic memory you will cherish :)  Pawtucket is making a great comeback as a destination for the arts, and Paint and Vino is a perfect addition. I felt like I had a mental and emotional massage after painting in our class.Here are my suggestions1. Make a reservation2. Wear an outfit you wouldn't mind getting a few paint specks on (they do provide aprons)3. Put an old towel or sheet down in your car (your painting might still be wet when you bring it home)4. Take a few extra dollars so you can leave a little tip for your bartender :) 5.  Leave a little early, so you can arrive 15/20 mins early (plus, pawtucket streets can be confusing)6.  When you get to the intersection of Main St & Roosevelt Ave Exd - take a right (slater mill will be on the left at this intersection)  7. Park in one of their two private parking lots.  8.  Enjoy!
<review# 1367,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/16/2013,10/5/2013,20,192,,6,2>There are so many things I love about this place:First, the food is delicious. It's like no other Chinese food I've ever had around here and even dishes that sound familiar by their menu description arrive at the table with new and complex flavor combinations.The owners are a husband and wife team...she takes care of the floor and he works the kitchen. Because of this, service is by no means prompt, but come here expecting this and you will be fine. He basically cooks one dish at a time, so your dishes will come out staggered.The hot and sour soup is bomb. We also always get the hot and spicy wings. This last time, I chose a green curry entree with eggplant, basil, mushrooms, and chicken...it knocked my socks off. We've always been one of, at the most, 3 tables. Mrs. Ma is friendly, funny, and knows the menu and they both take great pride in the quality of their food and the flavors they achieve.Decor is basically non-existent and there is no ambiance to speak of, but it's all about the food and that's where the magic lies. Also, BYOB is always a fun thing, and there's a liquor store just up the street behind the gas station on the corner.
<review# 1368,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/11/2013,10/4/2013,37,66,2,5,3>If you are looking for great, traditional Sushi - this is your place. No frills, no bells and no whistles. Straight up FRESH fish, fantastic sashimi, and great tempura. When I say no frills, I mean it. Dining room is small, tight and barely decorated. It can get busy, as there are many diehard regulars to compete with for tables. But once you are seated, you are in for a treat. If you are into Toro, and they have it, it won't disappoint. Inexpensive drink prices, and friendly (albeit sometimes lax) service. This is a spot  you come to for the food, and the food is 5 stars. I rarely base reviews on food alone, but when it comes to Sushi, there are just far too many places that serve mediocre fish in a nicely decorated locale. Here you have almost the opposite, and that beats all in my book when raw food is involved.
<review# 1369,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/8/2013,10/2/2013,203,87,1,8,4>Brand new delicious addition to my area! I am in love with this place.  It's a small  restaurant with about  5 seating areas, but def a great take out spot. Small, but BOY is this placed packed with flavor. I had 3 different types of Arepas, one with marinated steak which was DIVINE! as well as a chorizo one, both with the special Budare sauce. If that wasn't enough for my heffa self, I had to try the Miss Venezuela...Venezuelan style chicken salad with spanish shredded cheese & avocado. OMG so good. Next time I'm going to try the plate special...marinated steak with boiled yuca, cilantro sauce & beans! SIGN ME UP! check it out, you will NOT be disappointed!
<review# 1370,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/15/2011,6/12/2011,80,93,2,4,4>Rippys, you tend to rock!I will always love this place. ALWAYS!When I was a wee teenager, just learning how to drive, my momma used to make me come here to grab that gallon of milk & a loaf of bread. As the years past by, I grew older and couldn't wait to be able to buy beers here!  In RI there aren't many places that you can get  a cake mix, a grinder to go a movie rental and a 6 pack in 1 stop shopping!!!Pretty good selection for getting your drink onlittle bit of everything
<review# 1371,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/22/2011,6/10/2011,24,35,2,10,7>Oh. My. God.  I am so head-over-heels with this place that I fear for my waistline.  Ever since finding El Taconazo thanks to a Yelp review, I've been returning on a regular basis, craving my fix of fresh, delicious, handmade Mexican comfort food.The tacos were what first brought me here...perfectly sized, simple, and double-wrapped, the way they were meant to be eaten, along with pico de gallo, limes, and radishes on the side.  I've also enjoyed the chimichanga and the torta, and have uniformly been impressed by the quality of the food and the care put into making it.This is a one-woman operation, and what a woman!  I can really taste the love that's put into the food, and everything is made fresh and to order.  My chimi came with a side of guacamole, which was made on the spot and just for my order; the rice that came along with it was also exceptional.  The torta was huge and delicious, and I can't wait to go back again and again to sample everything on the menu.The meat options are extensive - about a dozen different selections for most dishes, and like other reviewers, I'm a tremendous fan of the pork el pastor.  I can't sing El Taconazo's praises enough, and I've been recommending them to anyone who'll listen.  If you enjoy Mexican comfort food, this is *the* place in Providence!
<review# 1372,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/23/2011,6/9/2011,19,21,,2,1>Still amazing!I have been coming here for over six months now and Alayne White Spa is still the best. Of course, I'm also unwilling to go anywhere else because they treat their clients so well! Case in point: complimentary makeup application following your appointment, woo!I would (and do!) recommend Alayne White to any of my friends. :)
<review# 1373,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/26/2011,6/8/2011,15,52,1,2,2>This place is unbelievable. I remember the first time I stepped in four years ago and I couldn't get over how clean it was. I still can't get over it, but I did get over the monroe piercing they put in me. I got rid of it, and they took it out for me free of charge. They also do piercings so well that you can RECOGNIZE a Rockstar job. I'm serious.I also still buy my 5/8" plugs from here (when they inevitably get lost), and they have a really beautiful selection.I love Rockstar and sometimes I just want to get a more piercings just so I can go here.
<review# 1374,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/24/2011,6/7/2011,75,482,1,2,2>Dessert is my middle name, so it's no surprise that i love pastiche.  I brought my fiancé here and since he's not a big dessert person (he'd eat more entree for dessert if I'd let him) I was expecting to eat most of our dessert by myself.  We came in to find a cute little set up.  We stopped at the display case to see what goodies they had to offer.  Then we sat down and the waitress took our order.  He got a mochachino and we decided to split the strawberry short cake.  The strawberry short cake was AMAZING! We inhaled our dessert.  They gave us forks to eat it with, but he got a spoon with his mochachino so he used the spoon to scoop up all the remnants in the bottom of the bowl.  That is how good their dessert was! It made my fiancé want to lick the bowl clean! I have NEVER seen him do that to a dessert bowl.  Next to try will be the chocolate baby bundt cake.  I can't wait!
<review# 1375,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/12/2010,6/6/2011,11,42,,3,5>How have I NOT reviewed Wright's before?Their milk...I had pretty much given up drinking milk for at least ten years before I was introduced to Wrights. But their skim milk tastes much better and richer than 2% from anywhere else. They don't make a huge issue out of it (although they at least mention it now in their literature), but their milk is antibiotic- and hormone-free. It's also incredibly fresh, because it's milked right there; you can watch the cows being milked in the barn every day.My son grew up drinking their milk. We've also been going to see the baby cows there pretty much forever.Their chocolate milk and coffee milk are also incredibly good and rich - they're made with whole milk. And their light cream is WONDERFUL in coffee.(A recent addition is unhomogenized milk. I haven't tried it myself, though.)Every time I'm at the nearby Stop & Shop and see people buying milk, I have to bite my tongue. For the same price, or darn close to it, they could be buying fresh milk from Wrights!But I have to talk about their pastries. They make a large variety of cakes, cookies, and pastries of all kinds. The best, in my book, is the whipped-cream frosting sheet cakes; they're sublime, and the prices are extremely reasonable. They have a number of seasonal items to watch out for, too, such as chocolate logs around Christmas time (a thin layer of chocolate cake rolled with whipped cream, the whole thing covered with a chocolate frosting), key lime tarts, pumpkin and praline cheesecake...and virtually everything is made with milk, cream, or cheese right from the farm.One little-known secret is their sugar-free pastries. Their sugar-free pound cakes are amazing; you'd never know they were sugar-free. They also make a number of other wonderful sugar-free items, although you often have to request them to be specially made. I just tried their sugar-free chocolate chip muffins this morning (made with sugar-free chocolate chips!) and they were simply delightful. They seem to be a special-order item only, though. You really have to chat with the people there to get an idea of what sugar-free items they can make; there's no list available.They often make wonderful loaves of bread (white and wheat, and sometimes other varieties) and heavenly snowflake and onion rolls on the weekends, but these aren't always available. There's a fancy chocolates case, a huge variety of breakfast muffins and scones, cupcakes, local honey and eggs, baklava (which is good, but we've had better from the Armenian markets in Watertown MA), pizza strips, fudge, wedding cakes, corn bread, cinnamon rolls (the frosting comes separately; you heat up the rolls and pour the frosting on)...there's just too much more to list. If you have kids, make it a family trip; they can watch the cows being milked in the new barn, and there are baby cows in the little sheds out in front for most of the year. These are, incidentally, milk-cows-to-be; they are NOT veal calves (apparently a lot of people have asked, since there's a sign up now).If you love milk and pastry, it's worth a long trip to get here. I've had milk from other dairies; it doesn't compare. And if you're on a sugar-free diet, it would be worth a hundred-mile drive to get here! But make sure you place your order the day before.P.S. - If you like caramel, you'll sometimes find outstanding ones in big jars by the cash registers. Some are rolled in sea salt, others in cocoanut. They make them right there, but they're not always available. There was a three or four week hiatus that ended last week. My son absolutely loves them, although I haven't tried them myself.
<review# 1376,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/16/2011,6/4/2011,32,94,3,2,3>it's the place everyone loves to hate on. it's julian's! - yes it is awesome. no, it is not five stars awesome. five stars is like, you know, five stars. mind blowing. with a genius in the back who is a culinary alchemist or willy wonka. this is not that kind of place.- in defense of julian's their service does NOT suck that bad. it is not the worst. but it is not appleby's or chili's either so they are not going to offer you crayons, a coloring book, a high chair or sing happy birthday to you. i don't know what people expect from this place. they have never been rude to me, so i give the service 3/5. it's timely and efficient and they don't f%$# up your order. i like that.- great beer selection. i enjoy it.FOOD- the vegan food is pretty good. the st jamez benedict is SO GOOD. the philly steak and cheese is mediocre at best. they could use a better cheese substitute. the veggie burger is good. the onion rings, amazing. the vegan dessert leaves a lot to be desired. garlicky kale is another fave of mine. they don't overcook the kale or the garlic, it is not overly oily.  had a seitan roast once with some pretty traditional sides (potatoes maybe? and a green?); which was also decent.-COME FOR BRUNCH... IT IS THE BEST. but GET THERE EARLY. they DON'Tdo reservations for under six people and you WILL have to wait about a half an hour. once the wait time exceeded the time that they were going to remain open (hey it happens), and we were turned away after driving a half hour to get there. but i mean, that is how busy the place gets.- i myself have had great experiences at the dinner hour. however, i can't say that everyone i know has. go for dinner at your own risk?basically though, julian's is recommendable.
<review# 1377,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/29/2010,6/3/2011,66,222,6,7,7>Breakfast is a success! Heaping portions, of everything. Flavorful beyond words. They offer daily specials, and each is in a world of it's own. I'm a fan of the banana's foster, which is three huge slices of Portuguese sweet bread, grilled french toast style, smoothed in a rum sauce, and covered with fresh banana's and pecans. This is a must try. The only down fall is that it is small. It seats maybe 75, and it is a seat yourself. The longest I ever had to wait was about 20 -30 Min's. SO I went here the other day and I was drinking my tea and eating my breakfast. I noticed that one of the past mayors of Cranston was conversing with the people in front of us. So I was trying to explain this quietly to my BF sitting in front of me. While I'm whispering I'm playing with the empty creamer containers. I stacked a few together and was about to squeeze them to crush them and all of a sudden the top two shot off like a rocket and went flying out of my hands like 5 feet in the air and landed on the lady talking to the Mayor. It was pretty hilarious...
<review# 1378,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/22/2011,6/2/2011,49,11,3,2,2>Holy Moly. Froyoworld is amazing. If you've always wanted to pile on the toppings to your froyo but feel like a fat kid/huge pain in the tush when you have to stand on the other side of the counter and instruct someone to keep piling them into your cup, this place is for you.I breezed right by the fruity and tea flavors for the "I'm not here to mess around" cookies n creme/ cake batter mix. The thing that's great is that it's not too rich to make me too full from the piles of cheesecake, mochi, cappuccino crunchier, etc etc. that I inevitably had no self control around. Only downside? Sometimes things get a little jammed up around the topping areas, and I'm not pushy enough to reach around people. I don't mind being patient, but my treat was starting to melt. Please be courteous and keep it moving--it's froyo, not a work of art.
<review# 1379,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/28/2011,6/1/2011,92,66,2,3,3>Cuba. Havana was a major nightlife destination. It became known as "The Monte Carlo of the Caribbean." Exhilarating Music, sketchy gangsters, sultry nights and tasty food were all part of the experience. Then abruptly the party was over in 1959 when Fidel Castro took control of the island, causing America to break all ties with Cuba. The restaurant Cuban Revolution tries hard to recapture that roaring atmosphere, complete with revolutionary leaders posters and quotes plastered everywhere. Not sure this is what a bar/lounge in Havana would look like now but it seems a nice fit in say Miami. Instead there are two locations in Providence and one randomly in NC. It has an upscale touch, its much posher than their first cramped location which felt more like a take-out place. The food, in large part, remains the same. Prices rose to suit the stylish interior but is still very affordable. I ordered the Cuban Sampler which is definitely big enough to share with another. The ham croquettes were particularly good, the maduros were sweet and tasty, the tostones were crispy and salty. The Yucca fries were pretty hard and not very flavourful but its inherent to the potato. I also had rice and black beans which is never as good as the puerto rican version im used to but made for a nice side. Go there for the lively atmosphere, interesting decor and hard to find food selections. The quality of the food is ok, there isnt anything particularly fancy about it, mostly fried low cost appetizers and sandwiches to pick from.
<review# 1380,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/7/2013,3/18/2013,171,187,8,7,5>Does childhood have a taste? Yes, Virginia, it does. And if you happened to grow up in the Riv, like me, childhood might have tasted a lot like the Lebanese meat pies from Sam's: hot from the oven, cold from the fridge, for breakfast, lunch, an after-school snack or dinner. Those triangular pockets of doughy goodness, filled with ground lamb, exotic and tangy spices, always left that telltale black, ashy powder on your fingers that tipped the whole household off to the fact that yes, YOU were the piglet who ate all the pies.This tiny, hole in the wall family business in a humble residential neighborhood lined with triple deckers is pretty compatible with its surroundings. But don't let the unassuming facade fool you: Sam's is a mighty, memorable force in Spindle City. And fans come from far and wide to stand in the cramped, crowded entry of Sam's to claim their own slice of paradise. Sam's is run by a family of hardworking, no nonsense folks who hustle all morning long to fulfill orders called out at the counter at high speed. It's a cash-only establishment, but at $1.25 per meat or spinach pie, don't bother with the ATM: just lift up your couch cushions and head over to Sam's. From your place in line, little sardine, you have a few precious moments to gaze at the wondrous middle eastern offerings on the surrounding shelves to your heart's content, but when you're up next in line...you'd best know what you want. Indecisiveness is not tolerated, on either side of the counter.I still love those delectable meat pies, and once in a blue moon I swing by Sam's when I'm in the neighborhood. You wouldn't believe how fragrant those spices make your car - by the time you get home, your car WILL smell like Sam's. I am not above bribing others to deliver me a dozen. I am not above eating them all by myself. But at my age, I know how to destroy the evidence with a little soap and water on my paws. And while I have no barometer to gauge how Sam's pies stack up to any others, I doubt that anyone, anywhere else outside of Lebanon, can do any better.
<review# 1381,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/12/2013,3/17/2013,91,416,,3,2>I have big feet. It's one of those things that I'm pretty self conscious about and I have found that I am pretty much limited to shoe shopping at DSW for shoes.  It's a sad sad experience to walk into a shoe store and find that they don't even carry my size. So, I have never thought of trying a place like this, until now.   At the Hope Street Holiday stroll, I decided to give each and every store a try.  During my first visit on this night, J Marcel totally wowed me.  Of course, my first question was whether they would have my size.  Oh hey, is that a whole rack of my size? Nice!  Next, will they have anything I like? Ooooh, what are those black boots all about?  Oh, but they're probably going to be ridiculously expensive.  What? Only $50?  Sold!This was probably the fastest shoe shopping trip ever.  But before I left, I had to check out what other surprises this store had for me.  And I was pleasantly surprised by their reasonably priced jewelry and purses.  I ended up buying a few pieces for me and other people for Christmas and returned a week later for a little more retail therapy.  One head's up. They don't have electronic check out so if you're going to use a credit card it takes a little bit of time to check out, but this definitely does not deter me for my new local find.
<review# 1382,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/25/2013,3/16/2013,92,185,7,9,4>After yearning to try Al Forno for years, we finally booked ourselves a reservation for Valentine's Day.  They normally don't take reservations for parties smaller than 6, with Valentine's Day being the exception, and we just don't have the patience to wait around for 2 hours for a table on a typical Saturday night.  With my expectations set so high, I have to admit I was slightly nervous that I was setting myself up for disappointment.  Well, I'm happy to report that not only was I not even slightly disappointed, but my expectations were exceeded!We started out with a grilled margarita pizza, which was small-ish and crescent-shaped, and required a knife and fork, as it did not come pre-sliced.  Slicing off oddly shaped pieces of the crispy, saucy, cheesy, super thin pizza was actually kind of fun, and we had to restrain ourselves from devouring the entire thing so we'd have some room left for our entrees and dessert!For my entree, I ordered the baked pasta with cheese, pumpkin and pancetta.  Oh. My. Goodness.  You guys.  I just don't have words.  This took two of my greatest loves and combined them into one decadent, delicious dish: mac and cheese and pumpkin... plus bacon for bonus points!  I literally had to sit on my hands to stop myself from stuffing every last creamy, pumpkin-y bite into my belly.  The fiance got the short rib ravioli and loved it.  I think I took a bite of it at some point, but to be honest I was just too enthralled with my own dish to remember much about it.The desserts are made-to-order, and therefore you have to decide whether or not you want it before you order your entree.  I remembered seeing something about the apple tart on Best Think I Ever Ate (a pick by the now Iron Chef Alex Guarnaschelli), and I knew I had to try it.  I mean, when an Iron Chef tells you to try something, you freaking try it, am I right?  Once again, words just cannot describe the experience.  It was warm, it was flaky, it was sweet, it was tart... I think my eyes rolled back into my head with each bite I took.  I was so full, but I just didn't want it to end.Everything about my experience at AL Forno was just incredible.  The romantic atmosphere, the service, the food, the wine.... okay maybe not the bill that came at the end of it all, but if you're going to be shelling out big bucks on a romantic dinner for two, this is the place to do it, folks!If I ever end up on Death Row, I know exactly what I'm ordering for my last meal: a grilled margarita pizza, baked pasta with pumpkin and pancetta, and an apple tart from Al Forno.
<review# 1383,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/25/2013,3/15/2013,55,257,2,2,3>WaterFire is one of the unique works of art that makes Providence, Providence. If you live in Rhode Island and have never been... well, you're an idiot.  That being said, once you've been to WaterFire, you've kind of seen it all.  I've been a couple of times in my 11 years as a Providence resident and twice is enough for me. It's a great family event, or even a first date event.  Several downcity streets are blocked off with all sorts of food vendors and local artists will display their pieces.  Beautiful music from all over the world shoots out of huge speakers and it makes the evening feel so enchanting, especially with the bonfires burning in the river. My only gripe is because I do live in Providence, if I happen to need to be somewhere in the general area where WaterFire takes place and the event is happening; it's next to impossible to travel anywhere between streets being blocked off and the thousands of people parading around.
<review# 1384,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/24/2013,3/14/2013,41,226,4,5,4>Oh. Em. Gee. I've lived in RI for over a decade, and I feel as though I have been living under a rock not knowing about Jiggers. My husband and I decided this morning we'd try something new from our usual bagel runs on Sunday mornings, so we set out with the Yelp app ready to go. I searched nearby and thanks to you, my fellow Yelpers, we decided on trying Jiggers as you largely had great things to say!We got to Jiggers right around 10 am, which allowed us to grab the last booth in a diner that had such a great retro feel. The place was complete with counter seats, 50s music playing, and various retro memorabilia. Love.Our waitress was quick to say good morning and place a basket of mini muffins on our table for us to nibble on while we waited for our food...what a great touch!The food was quick, and tasty to boot! I got an egg white omelet which was chock full of all the fixins I'd ordered. The home fries were cooked to perfection, and had a great garlic flavor which didn't leave anything else to be desired. My husband's Belgian waffle left me with breakfast envy - it was a fluffy sweet mountain of breakfast deliciousness, topped with blueberries, whipped cream and syrup. Coffee flowed regularly, and as a bit of a sweetener snob, I appreciated the wide variety of various sugar substitutes available.Grand total for our breakfast excursion: $29. Worth every penny!
<review# 1385,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/24/2013,3/13/2013,52,157,2,5,4>I rarely say anything is "the best thing I have ever had", but Pastiche literally has THE BEST DESSERT I HAVE EVER HAD!!! Everything i have sampled from here has been perfect. I always find some flaw when it comes to dessert: It's too dry, too sugary, too sweet, nothing special, bland, the list could go on and on, but Pastiche's desserts literally had all of the perfect qualities you would look for in a dessert. Perfection, just perfection. I am even failing to describe the deliciousness I've encountered here because as I am remembering my experience my mind is wandering and I am beginning to daydream (and drool) about that coconut cake, those macaroons, the banana cream pie...........................HEAVENLY! Everything here was wonderful. The macaroons even had the crisp, sugary, browned edges and bottoms that you would literally kill for. Best bakery by far.The bakery is very small and there isn't always somewhere to sit, it is also a bit cramped here, but I like the vibe. Dim lights, little tables, very pleasant staff, and very laid back. Love this place.
<review# 1386,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/31/2012,3/12/2013,70,186,1,6,4>SO excited for another Providence vegan-friendly restaurant.  Recommended by my favorite purple vegan ice cream truck, this is a welcome edition to the Veg scene. They do have dairy in a few dishes (apparently veggie ducks are made of whey) but 99% vegan and 100% vegetarian!And the food lives up!  Sampler roll platter was a good way to start - 3 different kinds of egg rolls and spring rolls with plum sauce and an entire dip devoted to sriracha (heart). Licked fingers shamelessly.  And then those three words that had never before entered my veg vocabulary: Bi Bim Bap.  Now the taste will never leave my lips.  Kourageous kimchi, amazing avocado, and all the rest of the puzzle pieces that make it the perfect vegetarian dish, almost replacing Bee Boong in my last-meal-on-earth.Now, not all the fake meats are for starter vegetarians - but they are well done enough that even the most cautious diner could find a way to finish the whole plate.  It's really more about the sauces.  My only gripe - the soups: free with the meal but salty as a lick. And pumpkin is only good in pie or carved on my porch.For the drinkers, there are some tasty teas, but BYOB for most other bevvies.  Which means even cheaper dates, dudes.  And the staff is very attentive, multiple servers attending to our every needs.  Definitely earnest.The decor is unexpected: more dark and brooding than the name lets on.  Or perhaps its so shocking compared to the surrounding lackluster streets on the edge of downtown.Overall a nice new edition to downtown Providence.  Now if only you can find parking...
<review# 1387,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/28/2013,3/11/2013,39,79,2,7,3>Loved bringing my niece here during school vacation! Where else can you go where they have touch tanks and give the children the ability to go off and explore on her own.  It was very cool to see her pick up starfish, sea urchins and touch sharks.  She wanted to reach every informational blip by the tanks and kept going to same tanks over and over again. It's pretty inexpensive, only $9 a person to get in, and so close for us Rhode Islanders, where our only other aquarium experience is either in Mystic or Boston.  Highly reccommended for those with children of all ages or adults looking to explore their inner child.
<review# 1388,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/12/2012,3/10/2013,28,68,,3,5>I've been doing semi-private aerial tissue classes here (with my friend Brandi M.) for about a month now, and it's been great! Today was my 4th class. I've learned something new every time, and I can already tell that I'm making progress - when I started, it took some work just to climb up the silks, and today I popped up like it was nothing. Wheee... it's fun to be in the air, and a good challenge!Amanda is a great instructor. It's not just because she's friendly and helpful - she also has a REALLY good eye, for the technical stuff and for the "mental" stuff. She gets handle on your personality pretty quickly - it didn't take her long to size me up and figure out how I work best. She's been very responsive in pushing us when we need to be pushed AND in slowing us down when we need to be more patient. You're definitely in good hands with this lady. I've got a solid dance background and Amanda definitely knows how to make the most of that, but I bet she's great with kids and beginners as well.Also, just because it's called aerial "tissue," don't make the mistake of thinking it will be soft and comfortable - I always end up with interesting bruises after these lessons. Ouch! I wear them with pride.
<review# 1389,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/18/2012,3/9/2013,26,18,12,11,5>When I rise, I'm a carnivore, my spirit animal is a wolverine after all. When it is breakfast time I want bacon. Always. Bacon is my weakness. So, let me tell you now that I know my bacon. I'm not one of those people who is just into the bacon craze that's been going on lately (you know, with the bacon chapstick, bacon scented bandages, bacon mugs, etc. etc. kitschy kitschy); I've loved bacon since day 1. That's 23 years and then some. Listen as I roar, "THIS IS THE BEST BACON AND SAUSAGE IN TOWN." Thick cut, cooked to perfection, so savory, so gosh dang... MAGICAL. You can just feel microscropic unicorns raging in your mouth while Jeff Buckley sings "Hallelujah" and pixies come casting spells that accentuate the glorified taste of this bacon from behind your molars. I've come here about three or four times. I have always ordered the Big Shot breakfast. This includes your choice of 2 eggs in whichever style you prefer, two pancakes or slices of french toast, home fries, and you pick your side meat. It just seems like the most reasonable option. You get all this for $10. LOVE IT. The homemade orange juice is super refreshing to boot! Last weekend my good friend came to visit from NY and we came here both on Saturday and Sunday. He was in heaven. On Sunday we both ordered a side of sausage and demanded that the waitress, who is super sweet/pleasant/attentive, "DOUBLE US UP ON THE BACON."  But we were more polite and giggly about it if anything. I love this place. Sometimes you have to wait because, well, seating is limited. What is it? Five tables? And only two of them sit four people, and quite snuggly at that. Fortunately for me, I've had impeccable timing with Kitchen and haven't had to wait more than two minutes or so for a table to open up. Oh man, did I just jinx myself? CASH ONLY! But there is an ATM right around the corner. YOU SHOULD GO HERE.
<review# 1390,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/2/2011,5/19/2011,26,84,,7,5>Preseason = the right season...On the recommendations of a few friends, we took some out of towners looking for good New England seafood to the Matunuck Oyster Bar...we were well familiar with the area thanks to the beach down the road, but had never stopped in...definitely a new go to place for us...We decided to pass on the RI staple clam shacks in lieu of something a bit nicer, and we couldn't have made a better choice...this place is quintessential New England seafood at its finest - the view, the raw bar as you walk in, the boat pulling up bringing in its haul for the day...walking up on a path of crushed shells...Service - top notch...very attentive...not a mistake with anything ordered by our party of 9...Food - again, top notch...a great varied menu...a few highlights include the white chowder (2nd best I've had in Rhody...great thickness with a boatload of clams and bacon) & lobster bisque, the calamari appetizer, the scallops, and the chicken sandwich (yes, we had a non-seafood eater, and the thing looked delicious!)...Decor/Dining Room - the view can't be beat, especially as the boats roll up with their take...since it was off season, we sat inside, but the deck outside would be a great spot in the summer...from the other reviews, it seems like in-season can be a bit of a problem...the dining room is not overly large, and we were fortunate it was quiet, as a large party may have a tough time grabbing a table or three...FYI - no American Express...MC and VISA only...All in all, this may be a new go to spot when I have out of town guests...
<review# 1391,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/28/2011,5/18/2011,82,60,3,3,3>Best Burger in Providence? I think so.  Providence does have a nice helping of burger options but Fat Belly's Pub in my opinion brought out a burger that has changed my opinion about others and my appetite.  The first time I had their "Big Belly" burger, and I've been back since, I wasn't really all too hungry.  I was hoping to walk around college hill and go to another burger place that serves slider burgers.  Well, after reading the caption under the "Big Belly" I was sold.  It read as follows: "Black Angus burger atop caramelized onions with melted American cheese fried onion strings, bacon, lettuce tomato, and savory mayo. 10.99"I ordered the burger rare, which is risky but if I get sick enjoying a meal than I'll suffer for the night.  Between the bottom bun and the patty was a helpful amount the caramelized onions, bursting with flavor.  Of course the lettuce and tomato were fresh atop the patty but one could not forget the most important ingredient: bacon.  They are not cheap with the bacon, and the thickness.  You get more than what you pay for.  What I thought really tied the burger together to give it the title for "best" would be the fried onion strings with the savory mayo.  It was like eating everything you would customize on a burger but without the hassle of customizing it.  I'm not saying "Take that Luxe Burger Bar" but seriously, watch out.  In the end what makes Providence great for burgers is the amount of locally  owned restaurants.  Fat Belly's Pub really puts heart and soul into their establishment and the other ones located throughout the state.
<review# 1392,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/8/2011,5/17/2011,57,152,5,4,4>Went here on a whim recently and had the pleasure of catching Metal 101, and wow, turns out there is a local metal scene! A REAL metal scene fun and reminicent of the 80's, uncontaminated by irony seeking hipsters, aggro bald music dorks, or biker/geezer types. Well, there were a few geezers but I'd say the median age range was 25-35. This was maybe the 3rd time I've been here, in the past I just stopped in for a cheap drink on my way to somewhere else, and that was when there was no live music. The service was pretty good, and yes, the bathrooms were gross. If you want a fun, unpretentious night out, I'd say this place is bitchin', just don't forget to tease your hair out and wear waaay too much makeup if you're a lady.
<review# 1393,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/9/2011,5/16/2011,13,60,2,4,3>I can't say anything that hasn't already been said; Providence is so fortunate to have Chez Pascal. Fresh, bright flavors, seasonal ingredients, excellent execution and attention to detail- everything is always perfect. The end result is so much more exciting than the menu description leads me to believe - it's so often the other way around.The service is friendly and competent, but not the speediest, so don't come if you're in a rush. Sometimes your water glass may go unfilled, (and sometimes the waiter will flirt with your mom- ewwww) but that's a minor quible and really the only negative thing I can say.Vegetarians will be very well taken care of here. The mid-week prix-fixe is an outstanding deal.
<review# 1394,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/20/2011,5/15/2011,68,635,4,1,6>Can it seriously get any better? I mean seriously? I have only been here for 2 summers now and I can not tell you how much I look forward to Del's opening every April. My wife goes out of her mind for this stuff, but it is the watermelon flavor, so I think she is a poser. Anyway, if you have not tried it, do yourself a favor and do so. Awesome!!!!!!!!
<review# 1395,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/19/2010,5/14/2011,23,116,4,7,4>While my partner and I were driving through the neighborhood, we were a tad worried. We walked into the restaurant, and we were the only non-Hispanics there. This is a good sign for the food, but we were worried about poor service and feeling out of place. We were dead wrong.Sure, the decor is nothing special. But that's not the point. The food - the simple, homemade, amazingly amazing food - is the point. The menu has a little English on it, but it's helpful to know a little Spanish. For example, pollo = chicken and carne = steak. If you don't know those, this may not be the best place. However, I'd say it's still worth a shot. Even the chips and salsa were great! The tamale appetizer was hearty and filling, and the main dishes - so good. My partner got the grilled shrimp, and I got the "Mi Ranchito platter," which comes with chicken, steak, rice, beans, fried banana (too sweet for plantains), and a little queso blanco. Holy cow, both dishes were amazing. Simple, sure, but when simple is this good, you don't care. Flavorful chicken and steak, beans that are out-of-this world... I mean, beans! But I was in heaven.Two final notes: we were not sure if they took credit cards, so bring cash just in case. Also, street parking is generally easy to find. No nearby lot, though.Enough about the food - I think you get the point. The servers do speak enough English that you can order and ask for things, and they were as attentive to us as to the rest of the restaurant. No dirty looks, no feeling uncomfortable at all. In fact, we felt quite welcome! Which is good, because we definitely plan to go back.
<review# 1396,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/4/2011,5/13/2011,5,41,2,3,2>Dave's Coffee is fantastic. The grounds around the building and the interior of the shop are remarkably inviting and the coffee and pastry have always been great.To make things even better, they've started roasting their own coffee and they even provide fair-trade and organic options.Here's hoping they bring the Farmer's Market back, but even if they don't, make sure to stop in to Dave's!
<review# 1397,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/4/2011,5/10/2011,91,416,2,3,3>This place is so RI, and I say that in a good way.  A little overwhelming the first time you go in - the menu is along the counter wall, and the workers/customers are loud (friendly but loud).  It took me a while to figure out if there's a way to order the hot dogs - oh sorry, wieners - but I then realized that they come only one way. Are those milkshakes?  That question was laughed at with a quick retort of Have you ever had coffee milk? No, you have to - here's a sample.  Ah, we are definitely in RI.
<review# 1398,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/31/2011,5/9/2011,58,364,9,5,6>Have I seriously been dining at Angkor for almost 2 years and never written a review? Shame on me!I think Angkor can be best summed up by a recent visit I took there with my friend Leah, a first timer. It went something like this."Do you want to split the...""No." (I cut her off)"No?""No. I know exactly what I am getting and I love it. I don't share here.""But you always share your meals. You just don't share dessert""Not here. This is not a place for sharing. I love the nam yaa so much I will not share. I won't even let you try. But you have to get it. It's amazing. You'll love it" Clearly poor Leah is puzzled by my hoarding-like behavior. She hadn't been to Angkor before and was overwhelmed by all the tasty treats. When the owner suggested perhaps we could share something she informed him that it wasn't an option. Eventually she chose something to accompany her nam yaa with. Her first words:"Oh my god." Yep. That about covers the nam yaa experience. The other food is great too. The street noodles, dumplings, curry, etc. But the nam yaa will blow your mind. She finally understood why I wouldn't share. I promise I'm really not a bad friend. In fact, now I'm an even better friend because I took her to Angkor!
<review# 1399,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/27/2011,5/8/2011,1757,73,3,5,4>I like the stuffed pizza -- I like it with extra onions and Sicilias did not charge for the extra onions......a plus........The Hamburgers are just a little dry.......but ok.......The regular crust pizza is the one I prefer......I like it better than Pizza-Pie-er pizza......Pizza Pie-er you lost a customer......I give good tips to the driver but he never says thank you.....whats up with that......you lost a star......I wish Sicilia's had Portuguese Linguica/churico toppings........Theres no minimum delivery requirement - a big plus -- I am fan....although Sicilia's is nothing special.......
