<review# 1,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/9/2012,3/2/2012,409,334,6,4,9>I moved to Nashville a year and a half ago to attend grad school at Vanderbilt. But way back last spring when I was considering schools, I came to Nashville for a visit. With my weekend tour coming to an end, I took up a friendly recommendation for some good ole' southern food and wandered in my ugly rental car deep into downtown in search of some food. I quickly found myself lost, and upon seeing the sign for Jefferson's, I thought I'd found my place.The first thing that caught me off guard was that there was a valet service at the front. Shocked that a southern restaurant would have a valet, I surrendered my car and walked inside. The man at the counter, a pleasant African American gentleman, looked shocked...I don't know why, but I surmise it had something to do with the fact that an Asian man had entered his restaurant on Sunday. A sly smile crept into his face and he said, "Why, hello there. Brunch...for one?" I smiled back and said, "Yes. That'd be great." He told me it was buffet style and rang me up, and then asked, "Soooo...how did you hear about us?" Me: "Oh well my friend at Vandy told me I needed to come here."Dude: "Great," he said as he smirked. "Follow me."I walk inside and the room is packed with 100 folks all settling into sunday brunch. There is nary an Asian person in the room, and I am turning heads, left and right. In fact I'm the only non-black person in the room. With a fat grin on my face, I ask one of the servers where the buffet is. He points me to the line. As I'm waiting in line, one elderly woman looks at me and "It's your first time here, ain't it?" I respond, "Yes ma'am. But I'm no stranger to southern food.""Oh?" she asks."Yes ma'am. Back in San Francisco, I've definitely had my fair share of fried catfish, mac & cheese, and collard greens."She smiles and gently nods at me with approval, then proceeds to fill her plate. I load my plate up, making sure to get all the fixins, and then head to my table to begin my meal. Then all of a sudden music starts playing and people are singing all around me.Remember, I'm a California kid. The only soul we have there compares not to the energy in this place. So I'm sitting there, humming and moving in rhythm as a gospel singer belts out a delightful song, cramming collard greens and cornbread into my mouth. About an hour later, my stomach well satiated, I get up, walk out and thank the man at the front counter for a delightful meal and drive off.And that was my first experience with Nashville cuisine. One Asian man who entered a soul food restaurant on Soulful Sunday, and left with a full stomach, a big smile, and a mind full of soul.
<review# 2,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/29/2012,3/1/2012,51,203,3,4,4>A Scoutmob offer meant it was time to try Hog Heaven. I've heard it was the best BBQ in Nashville, but a lot of places claim that, so I had to compare for myself. I sampled the pork sandwich, mac and cheese and potato salad. The mac and cheese & potato salad were both standard- good, but nothing special. The pork sandwich was truly delicious. There was a bit of a debate about the sauces, however. I had dinner with fellow Yelper Megan C., who opted to not get the white sauce. I love it when people love their food, so I was more amused than anything when the guys at Hog Heaven gave us extra white sauce in addition to the regular, claiming that we don't know what we're missing and that we'll fall in love with the white sauce. While I admire their confidence, honestly...the white sauce tastes a little too much like mayo and the regular won my heart over as well. But all that aside, Hog Heaven is delicious and you should pass over McDonalds by Centennial and try their stand instead.
<review# 3,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/22/2011,2/29/2012,23,333,1,8,4>Overall: A fantastic hotel experience.Rooms: The room I stayed in had a great view of the Capitol. The bed/pillows were extremely comfortable (trust me, i'm picky) and everything seemed very clean. I consider cleanliness a paramount for hotels right now given the bed bug paranoia out there. The bathroom had a big soaking tub and a separate stand up shower.Food/Drink: I didn't eat at the Capitol Grille but have heard great things about it. It's not affiliated with the national chain. The little hotel bar downstairs is great for a drink/relax session. It's all dark wood/leather chairs. The drinks are expensive, but taste great and I definitely didn't feel cheated out of liquor. I give my thumbs up to the pear martini.Service: Fantastic. The desk attendant was very polite & even opened the little store when we had a last minute need (even though it was midnight!)Location: Far enough off Lower Broadway (where the bars/honky tonks are located) to be quiet but close enough to walk if you're wanting to get the full Nashville experience.Cost: Start at about $260 and go up to $1,500
<review# 4,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/15/2011,2/28/2012,98,238,1,9,4>A trip to the ER is not fun for anyone, and granted it is the first stop for anyone who can't get to their doctor, so there can be waits. That being said, once you get in the system, the service and assistance you get from the people at VMC ER is excellent.They realize the stress you and your family are under and are patient with you through out your entire visit.  After we got through triage, they were quick to start administering medications to relieve her pain and made sure she was as comfortable as possible. This was the second time we have been there, the first at night. Previously, it was during the day and the staff in the ER were nice enough to direct me to where I could get my girlfriend and I some food. After all they have done for my girlfriend, Vanderbilt is my first stop.
<review# 5,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/23/2011,2/27/2012,26,485,7,7,6>So I go Walmart, I lock my keys in the car: humiliating.  Hey look, there's the chauffeur who locks himself out of his car.  Brilliant!  Excuse me while I stick my head in the oven.  What do you mean it's electric?I called my insurance company: they called Pop-a-Lock, they came, kept in communication as they came, and got my door unlocked in a matter of of about two minutes.They got the job done right; they were friendly and courteous; they communicated well.  My only complaint is that I had to wait 45 minutes for them to show up.  I'll take that if that's what it takes.
<review# 6,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/12/2011,2/26/2012,35,95,4,7,4>I can't give it a five star b/c of the price.  But it's not anymore expensive than any other ice cream parlor.  Unlike Ben&Jerry's, you can't get this stuff cheaper in a grocery store.  So it does have the unique factor to justify their prices.  When I was little, I wanted to be Ben and Jerry (idk how that works mathematically, but as a kid it made sense).  So from one fat kid to another, I can definitely say that Jeni's flavors are smart.  Goat Cheese in ice cream makes sense cuz the cream and fruit offset the tartness of the cheese.  They even made ice cream sandwiches out of macaroons.  Smart Smart Smart.  The flavors aren't crazy for the sake of making a store known for crazy flavors.  The combinations work and thus are worth trying.  This place has the "happening" vibe to it.  Too bad ice cream flavors can't be copyrighted, cuz a lot of these flavors are gonna be copied and recreated very soon.  Until then, if you wanna try something new and fresh then check out the place.TIP: It's a new store so they're happy to give out lots of samples.  Buy one, but taste them all  Muhahaha
<review# 7,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/4/2011,2/25/2012,3,76,,15,9>Galaktoboureko pastry dessert stuffed with custard is a Greek treat I've most enjoyed at Athens Family Restaurant. They have other sweets like baklava but this one is better. Roasted lamb souvlaki is my main favorite pita style sandwich at Athens. The actual dining room has little personality so when I return it will be for the authentic Greek food. Although it's small it works as a neighborhood dining place and is affordable for middle class Bellevue purses.
<review# 8,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/29/2011,2/24/2012,99,212,2,7,4>Best sushi in Nashville. My father took me here for lunch on my birthday; my wife hates sushi, so I don't get to have it very often unless I go to some place that does sushi and something else, like a buffet or hibachi. Sushi lovers know that the combo places usually don't make great sushi, so it had been awhile since I'd had anything approaching what I had at Samurai. We were told to arrive early, and it's good that we did, about 5 minutes before they opened there was a line of 5 people at the door, even though it was raining! The restaurant filled quickly around us, within 30 minutes of opening there were no tables remaining. We got a table and got our sushi pretty quickly nonetheless; we shared the Tootoo, the Choo-Choo, the Vandy, and my old standby, the Spicy Tuna. I can't recommend them enough. They might be a little heavy on their use of cream cheese, but this is Nashville, not LA, and the maki are inventive and well-executed.  Parking sucks, so plan ahead for that. Next time I can find an excuse to go have sushi, Samurai will be my destination.
<review# 9,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/22/2011,2/23/2012,44,367,3,4,5>I think I really need to go on a Nashville diner tour so I can officially declare Pied Piper the best diner in town! Loved the food, menu, decor, service, people, you name it. It may not be the healthiest place to go to every week, but when that craving for burgers or sandwiches hit you, let it lead you to Pied Piper and you won't be disappointed!
<review# 10,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/4/2012,2/22/2012,55,242,3,7,5>This was the last restaurant in Nashville I hadn't been to yet but really wanted to try, and it did not disappoint. I enjoyed the atmosphere and decor. Spartan decor, a little noisy, but in a good way. I was there with 5 others and we could talk at a normal level, without feeling loud but being able to hear everyone. Randy was our server and was on point. I have certain expectations when eating at a nice restaurant, and he met each one. 1. Drinks were well attended to. When we wanted one, he was there to take the order and get it out. Side note: The cocktails are OUTSTANDING here. 2. Great pace to the meal. We had two pizzas and drinks to start. Then apps and drinks, then main entree and a few more bevs. At no point did any of the food overlap the prior course. There was a nice 5-10 minutes in between each course which allowed for some digestion and appreciation. All in all, we were there for 3 hours. On to the food, which IMO was the best part of the experience. Apps were tasty. They won't get you full, but will whet your appetite and hit you with flavor that you rarely get in town. The house cured salami and bresaola were above average.  The six of us ordered different entrees and we all shared, which was a great way to get an idea of what we liked/didn't like so much. I had a duck pasta dish which was meaty, hearty and seasoned perfectly. The tri tip sirloin was also fabulous. My favorite dish I tried by far was actually the half chicken. It was unbelievable. I don't know how you make chicken that delicious, but they did. Crispy skin, juicy, tender meat. (not too juicy). And the greens were hands down the best I have ever had. Dessert was two scoops of homemade gelato. The almond flavor was good. The caramel candy corn was unreal. I could have had 10 scoops and destroyed every bite, but thankfully my wife was the cooler head and didnt want me getting sick/fat. I will most definitely be back. I put this meal up against the best spots in town, all for a pretty affordable click. Two people could eat and drink well for $65-70. We spent $350 between the 6 of us, but also wanted to try out everything as it was our first time there.
<review# 11,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/28/2011,11/26/2011,66,262,9,10,4>Incedible Dave's slogan is "Awesome Dining, Extreme Fun!" sooo get ready for this totally honest review! Incredible Dave's is a Dave & Busters, ESPN Zone, for adults, and kids too- but a knock-off of those manger chains. What once was a anchor store from the mall is now a mega arcade with cheesy-almost-90's themed decor. It's new, but the colors and themes its very 90's.  The staff wear's knock off tommy bahama shirts and all are high school students who could care less to work there. The entrance has a about 10 bags of sand laid on the carpet and beach balls. As you walk in there are trampoline jumpers for kids to bounce for $5.00 a ride, or you can go through the discovery zone/tube things like they have outside Mcdonald restaurants for $3.00. The restaurant has booths and tables  After exploring the menu, it's anything you could order at Margertiaville. We passed. On to Games! Since this location JUST opened, the games are brand new and high tech.  Tons of shooting games (great for kids, ha!), racing games,  touch screen games, games that are like rollarcoasters, dance games, arcade of the future! Near the bowling section there are a few pinball games, darts, shuffleboard, pool tables (all pay to play).  There is a small stage, small inflatables, bumper cars! Its crazy that all this stuff is in this location. No tokens or cash here. You pay $2.00 to load a card full of money. Each game is about $1.00-$3.00 to play. You get tickets for winning. Once you get your tickets, you put them into another machine to count your tickets and load your 'ticket count' on your card. There are two massive bars with tons of tv screens with sports games on. I would imagine most of the DADs hang out here. My boyfriend won a game but the 'prize' in the egg did not come out and stuck in the machine. We told a 16 year old employee who said they would call a manager, however, after 5 minutes of waiting, no one arrived. Ah well. $95.00 and 45 minutes later - broke, it was time to go. Excited to spend my tickets on a way cool plush toy or candy I was going to redeem my tickets. My balance on my card was only 20 tickets. I know for a fact that I fed the ticket machine atleast 100+ tickets. I explained that to the high-schooler and she said, "well there is nothing I can do about it" . I probably would have really made a stink but it is pretty ridiculous that 1 tootsie roll is 30 tickets. I would not be going home with my 3 tootsie rolls. DANNNG! The place was getting packed of MOBS of screaming children that were totally out of control. I can image Friday-Saturday-Sunday this place is insane. I think it would be a great-during the week date for some fun.  Birthday parties for adults and kids would be great here! Hopefully the staff will work the kinks out and I get a raise at my job so I can afford to go have more fun at Incredible Dave's.
<review# 12,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/23/2011,11/25/2011,94,44,3,3,1>For a sports watch party-yes. For just a night out-no. I'm basing this review on the THREE Predators watch parties that I've attended here. The place is magical. The Preds were 3-0 during the playoffs when we watched here. Fireball Whiskey also helped with the magic. That stuff is a potion of success.Anyways, the place has TVs...everywhere. I was actually shocked that there wasn't one in the bathroom stall. With over 150 Preds fans there to watch, the service was actually pretty good. (Boobs, thanks Patten). Wait what? No, really, we were very well taken care of.On to the food, their chili was pretty darn good. Spicy, but flavorful. Cheeseburger was also tasty. Food prices weren't too bad either. Beer selection was AMAZING. I was able to enjoy Hoegaarden and Purple Haze ON TAP. Amazing. Some specialty beers can be pricey (similar to that of Flying Saucer), but as other reviews have pointed out, there's always a special on a select "non-domestic" beer.Atmosphere for a sporting is amazing. That being said, I know that future watch parties will take place here. There's just something about Brewhouse South (boobs) that makes that place magical.
<review# 13,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/7/2011,11/24/2011,137,58,2,7,1>This is certainly one of the top restaurants in Nashville. To begin, it aims to have a very exclusive vibe with a side door entrance that takes you into an elevator. This is all good and well, but get there exactly on time, not 10 minutes early, because you will be told that they are not ready for you and they do not have a bar or other waiting area. Like us, you will end up sitting at The Patterson House wait area, and they are always crowded so you will not have time for a drink. Once you reach the top floor you go through a very art deco pink hallway, and get to the small, sterile dinning room. I get the look they were trying to recreate but this version is cheap and lacking high end touches and attention to detail. Watching the chefs make your meal and getting to interact with them is certainly a wonderful experience. We had the drink pairings and they were surprisingly refreshing. I expected different combinations of wines but we also had a cocktail, beer, and even a beer/rose concoction. The seven courses get better one after the next. It will be a true dining experience. Reminds me of eating in San Francisco/New York. Great attention is paid to ingredients and flavors. The food is truly amazing and the menu is very well thought out. The food is so wonderful that by the time the bill gets to your table there is so much serotonin in your body that it doesn't hurt that much. We had the regular pairings and two meals and spent $330. Not cheap, and certainly too pricey for Nashville.
<review# 14,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/23/2011,11/23/2011,26,485,5,4,3>Look at the name: "Jeni's Splendid Ice Creams."  The whole thing sounds pretentious!  Jeni spelled with one L and an I, and calling the place "Splendid" in the name of the place and using "Ice Creams" as a plural all come off as incredibly self-important.  It's a pretentious location, too: on Eastland Avenue right in the heart of gentrified East Nashville.  Unless you live in the area, it's a massive pain to even reach!  The menu just screams pretense, too.  Not coffee, but BLACK COFFEE; not vanilla, but UGANDAN VANILLA; not milk chocolate, but THE MILKIEST CHOCOLATE IN THE WORLD.That sounds extremely critical, but I think I've been fair as far as it goes.  Now on the other hand, the one area the people at Jeni's Ice Creams are NOT pretentious is in how they treat their customers: the best experience I've ever had at an ice cream shop ever.  Now I can imagine that if I had come in during it's rush hours, it would not have been nearly as unbelievable.  However, the girl behind the counter enthusiastically gave me samples.  She even tried to offer samples of things I hadn't considered.  I decided to get the Backyard mint, which was minty in a natural, not a peppermint oil sense.  It was refreshing, which is not a characteristic you expect in ice cream.I mentioned the store's love for the Dry Sodas, and they offered to sample that also.  I tried the vanilla bean, and I was surprised at how much I enjoyed that.  I didn't buy it then, but I'll drink it some in the future.I guess I should mention that the ice cream itself was excellent: I tried four different flavors, and they all were memorably flavorful: when I tried the GRAVEL ROAD (not rocky: GRAVEL!  Pretentiousness!), the flavor was so smoky, I thought it was a cigar.  When I had the MILKIEST CHOCOLATE IN THE WORLD, it really was rich and strong.  When the girl suggested the DARK CHOCOLATE, I sampled it, and the cocoa was so strong, I could still taste in my mouth for several minutes, and the Backyard Mint, the natural mintiness was outstanding.So, in the areas that don't really matter, the pretentiousness is ridiculous.  In the areas that matter, however, it was outstanding.  The cost for one sugar cone was about $4.50.  Not horrible.  The cost for a pint: $12.  What?  That's like a gallon of Ben and Jerry's.  Still.The visit was great, however.  I can't say enough about how friendly and courteous everyone was.  I'll definitely go back.
<review# 15,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/30/2011,11/20/2011,123,108,1,8,4>Ever feel like you are the only person in the room while visiting a business? Like you are important and appreciated? You will here. I visited Parlour & Juke for a hair cut today at their 8th avenue south location on Cannery Row. A bit hard to find among the other store fronts, the path to their place is behind a gray door marked with the number "3". How is that for unique? Just arriving makes you feel like part of an elite club, entering a speak easy. Although, Jenny Davis at the front desk does a wonderful job of both treating you well from your first phone call, to emailing you specific directions, to greeting you at the door like an old friend - I still got lost, then found the "unmarked" entrance to be pretty fun (with some more of Jenny's help).  I was immediately impressed with the welcoming smiles from both Jenny and my Barber/ Stylist Michael Martin. The salon is more of an airy and open living/creative space than just a "Hair Salon".Given the artfully placed decor it is obvious Owner and Master Stylist Cali Devaney and her team took time to select vintage and eclectic pieces that reflect their own personal styles and interests, and offer their clientele something different and interesting to enjoy while in the chair. I have been turned off time and time again by the cold, all too trendy vibe of most salons here and in other cities - where you feel like a number and are often treated according to who you know and what you spend. You will not feel that way here. While they are home to some of the top stylists in town, they don't have the enormous off putting egos that have driven me out of other places. Instead you feel welcome, important and comfortable. Michael and Cali gave me a hell of a haircut. Michael worked with my hair that hadn't been cut except for hacked off in our bathroom a few months back, in over a year. With a new baby last year, a career, school, a home and a 7 year old - I hadn't treated myself to a proper hair cut and was way over due. He and Cali brought my long hair up to a short Bob, and I honestly couldn't be more pleased. This is the sort of place that will be wildly successful, I hope that they keep their charm, warmth and attention to detail as they grow. If you want a great hair cut from real people - this is the place. I will definitely be recommending this place to my friends and fellow Nashville Yelp Elites! I can't see going anywhere else.
<review# 16,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/4/2011,11/19/2011,42,325,4,5,5>I showed up late and didn't get in on the last tour that had started at 4:30 PM, however I was pointed towards the Winery and just in time for the tasting.I tried five wines, all made in Tennessee and was informed that Belle Meade Winery is the only Nashville Winery.  The wines were good and the "Wine-A-Rita" frozen drink on a HOT day like today was wonderful, I bought some of their wines and the Wine-A-Rita Mix to go.Reasonably priced wines around $20.00, most importantly; ((( They sell bottles of wine on Sunday ! )))
<review# 17,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/9/2011,11/18/2011,84,39,3,13,4>I've been searching all of Nashville for the right place to get my hair done. After several cuts and colors from a few OK places, I came across a business card for Pink Mullet for a free cut with a color service. I thought I should give it a try since the name sounded promising. I always love a place with more edge, and that's exactly what this place is. I called to make a last minute appointment for my hair, and they were extremely accommodating with my busy schedule. I loved the atmosphere as soon as I walked in the door; they were all super nice and also offered me a drink right away, which made me feel welcome.I went for just a trim and highlights, and couldn't be happier with my stylist, Whitney. I really don't think I've ever been happier with my hair color as I am now, so I will definitely be going back to see her time and time again. I recommend you to try her as well, but I feel like you can't go wrong with any of the stylists here since every customer that was up early for their 9am appointment seemed extremely satisfied. I wish the salon was closer than Franklin, but I didn't mind the drive since the results were what I was looking for and more. Another perk is that if  you refer a friend, you and the friend both get $20 off your next visit. I think this is a great way to spread the word about a great business and also get some money off my next hair appointment. So if you're desperately looking for a new place like I was, please give Whitney a call because she did such a great job for me. Let her know I sent you, too!
<review# 18,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/9/2011,11/17/2011,139,429,3,7,4>I had a most excellent experience at Porta Via.  After their website told me that their Italian style pizzas were 'kissed by a wood fire" I was positively salivating at the thought of trying them out.My group of six had fantastic service.  Not only did our waitress check on us frequently, but our pizza was out in a hot second, and the manager came to see us as well!  My pizza arrived, toasty and with perfect crust, with an excellent smattering of roasted red peppers and other tasty toppings.  Don't get me wrong, the pizza was good, but the GELATO transported me back to a hot summer's day in Florence, Italy and my favorite one Euro gelatoria.  I sampled the coffee flavor.  They've got a great sampling of flavors, including pistachio, strawberry, and dark chocolate.  omg.  I probably should go get some right now.  Maybe I should wait until this blizzard lets up...
<review# 19,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,1/4/2011,11/16/2011,24,215,13,5,7>Apparently there is a mad scientist on the loose in East Nashville because there is a time machine sitting a stones throw off of Gallatin Rd.  It may look like a Restaurant and have the Nashville Biscuit House on the sign out front, but make no mistake it is actually a portal to a different time when coffee came in mugs, menus are covered in plastic, vegans are from a science fiction novel and waitresses call you "hon".  Even the food has been transported from a time when breakfast was served all day, there is no concern about calories or saturated fat, and the prices don't require you to break a twenty.  It was a fairly amazing experience, but be warned that the transportation back to the present may leave your stomach feeling slightly quesy.  Either that or the fact that you just consumed the equivalent of two sticks of butter and four cups of coffee.  One day a hung over hipster will accidentally pick up their parent and destroy the whole time continuum, but until that happens the biscuits don't get much better or the spoons much greasier than at the Nashville Biscuit House.
<review# 20,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/21/2011,11/15/2011,5,27,8,7,8>"Pho'get the PHO"       You remember the first time you tried smoking weed? It was good. Then you smoked out of a bong or bowl and it was soothing, relaxing, refreshing, inviting & fulfilling. That pretty much sums up the "Vinh- Long" experience on a 3 visit timeline. The first time you go in, you might opt for the safety, "Pho". On your second visit you realize that there's a few more items on the menu with a pic and quick description that are tempting but you may not want to venture away from a great bowl of pho. Once you make the 3rd pilgrimage you're a little more confident. After seeing fellow patrons order different dishes and envying what they have then you will venture on to what makes "Vinh-Long" one of the best Vietnamese/Japanese hidden gems in the Nashville area.      For the best morning pick me up get the "Cafe Da". Fresh ground coffee in a single serve french press that is accompanied with a glass of ice and condensed milk. Mix to your preference and say @#&% you Starbucks. Awesome!    The vermicelli w/ mint, holy basil, pork & spring rolls with nuoc cham sauce is a cool refreshing alternative for hot Pho soup during summer. The grilled pork with fried egg, quiche and rice is a more costly item but well worth it. Their "Teriyaki" dishes are excellent and filled with meat more than fillers. The "Teriyaki" sauce is sweet and a little more "syrupy" than I prefer but with the fresh cucumbers you can balance it out. The lemongrass chicken is perfectly spiced. The rice that accompanies all these dishes is spot on. Speaking of rice ,I have a friend who orders their fried rice every time and swears its the best fried rice he ever had. The japanese dishes are higher and I have yet to explore.       Most main entrees are served with their house soup (not miso) and their ginger dressed salad. Prices are very very reasonable for the quality and quantity ($7-$10). The service is exceptional even during busy hours. The location is the only thing you may question, but don't.         Its a cash only affair that offers limited seating and can have a heavy lunch crowd on most weekdays. If you hit it up at 11:00 you will beat the majority of the crowd. If not, dont worry, cause the tables turn quick and you'll acquire a 4 top within 15 mins. Well worth it!!!!
<review# 21,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/16/2014,9/1/2014,27,30,4,4,6>When I was in college, I worked at a bagel shop in my home town. One of the benefits was free lunch and a dozen bagels every work day. Being in college I was not exactly rolling in cash so needless to say I ate A LOT of bagels. We never bought bread at our house, we just ate everything on bagels. --insert Bubba's shrimp speech substituting bagels here--. Surprisingly enough, I still love bagels. I am, however, a bagel snob. Fluffy french toast cinnamon gourmet bagels? Gross. Toast a fresh bagel? Unheard of, toasting is for reviving a stale bagel. Store bought refrigerator section bagels? Get out here, no really, just leave. I like traditional, fresh bagels, generally gravitating toward savory like garlic or everything. Bagel Face is the one place in town I have found that meets my bagel needs. They don't use preservatives or fillers. The list of ingredients is miniscule and pronounceable. The bagels are chewy and perfect. The everything bagel is fantastic although I have stopped bringing them to work because the poppy seeds go everywhere and I really don't want to get on housekeeping's bad side. If they have cinnamon stix on special, be sure to pick one up, especially if they are still warm. Heaven!The restaurant is clean and minimalist. I'm OK with that. Put all your time into my bagel please. They serve local coffee and have several flavors of cream cheese they make in-house. The staff is friendly and helpful. They make a few basic bagel sandwiches, but the focus really seems to be on the bagel itself. To sum up - everything I need in the morning. Thank you Bagel Face Bakery.
<review# 22,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/26/2014,8/31/2014,122,201,3,4,3>This is one of the spots that one cannot truly appreciate until you walk through the doors. And, if you really want to see the charm of this space, make sure to have a meal in the upstairs dining room.I've walked by 417 Union more times than I care to admit without ever having entered the premises. Slap my feet with disdain.The ambiance reminds me of classy with a mix of classic. I was surprised that it was rather quiet in the upstairs dining room. Since I turn up on the loud side, I was concerned I was going to destroy the room with volume. However, after the lunch crowd filtered in, I found that I was no more a nuisance than any other patron. I was promptly greeted upon entering the establishment. I also suggested a specific type of table and was kindly guided to my preference. The crowd is more of the decision making business crowd. A well-dressed crowd filled the seats. In some way, I felt as though I fell back into time where everyone dressed and felt important. It was a gentle reminder of how former generations appreciate feeling classy while enjoying well-prepared dishes.I had the grilled catfish sandwich with a side of mac and cheese. If you know my reviews, you know that cheese is a staple. The sandwich came with a bun that was lightly toasted on the inside which was a perfect compliment to the lightly grilled catfish. The Cajun tarter was delightful and a nice twist from what could be expected from a remoulade sauce. The mac and cheese was perfect. The macaroni was al dente and not the overly Southern meat and three soft version. The cheese was a well-crafted thick style that was rich and held the macaroni together just right. My lunch friend has the Strawberry Caesar salad. It looked wonderfully fresh considering it is on the cusp of spring. The staff was fairly attentive. But, as anyone knows, lunch crowds are the toughest. They come in in a hurry and leave before the serve anticipates. I'm looking forward to frequent trips here. I also believe this would be an excellent place for a date and a nice dinner out downtown. The prices are reasonable. The high ceilings have that feel of a Victorian. But, this is a building amongst others in a downtown environment. With a few more trips, I'll update this review and hope future experiences will increase the starage (new word).
<review# 23,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/16/2014,8/30/2014,32,25,1,4,4>I love Marche. I had been there for brunch many times and was never dissapointed, so a few months ago we decided to give it a go for dinner. So glad I did! Way less crowded, decent prices and amazing high quality food! We wanted to repeat the experience so husband made reservations for Valentines day, and once again everything was a hit. Started with an antipasta place (gorgonzola stuffed figs wrapped in bacon, butternut squash crostini, beets, and marcona almonds). Yum. All of it. Also a bowl of curried carrot soup. Husband had an open faced hot fish sandwich that was outstanding and I had the pasta bolognese. So savory and delicious. Desserts are where its at, here at Marche and we split a piece of pineapple upside down cake. Im drooling right now just thinking about it. All in all we both had drinks, an appetizer, soup, 2 entrees, coffee and a shared dessert and the bill was $64. Thats pretty incredible for the quality! If you've only tried Marche for brunch, GO FOR DINNER.
<review# 24,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/26/2013,8/29/2014,14,25,3,3,4>Ok so I've visited GBC twice now, the most recent time was this past Friday. Both visits were AMAZING! On my first visit, which was on a Saturday around 11, I went with a friend who was visiting. I don't know why, but for some reason I like to try out restaurants when friends are visiting. Crazy, but it usually works! Anyway, I had the banana foster pancakes since I had heard so much about them, and its true! Believe the hype people! These things were delicious! The sauce that goes over them......I could drink it straight if I had the "skinny gene". I also had the turkey sausage and scrambled eggs. They were good as well. The sausage had a nice kick to it, which I loved. When we arrived we were told the wait was going to be about an hour. We decided to stay since we could engage in convo and time would surely pass quickly, but the wait was only about 30 min. Keep that in mind....it may not be as long as they say. On my last visit, which was on a Friday around noon, I ordered the Germantown Benny, which is eggs benedict topped with spinach and grilled red onion. It was so good! Actually, it was my first time ever having eggs benedict (Idk how this happened, blame mom lol) and I will definitely have it again. For my side I had the grits, which were good. I guess its kinda hard to mess up grits though. We didnt have a wait at all. We were seated immediately. Service was ok on both visits. On the first visit, it was pretty busy on that day but the server kept forgetting to bring my refill. He was nice and apologetic about it. The service was much better on the 2nd visit. He was very attentive and helpful. GBC is my new go to brunch spot.
<review# 25,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/22/2013,8/28/2014,9,87,4,6,4>Thank the Yelpa for Yelp.My dad and I make a habit out of doing a weekly dinner outing and we like to try new places every now and then between regular visits to our favorite local haunts (though we don't haunt, we're not THAT rude).I turned to my fabulous friend YELP and came across this delightful restaurant! It was close, it was rated well, and it sounded DELICIOUS, so what did we do? WE WENT, OF COURSE.It's a small place tucked back in the hills of Brentwood (right next to a Dry Cleaner), but it has a simple, charming atmosphere. Nothing frivolous, just sleek and clean. The menu lines the wall as you walk up to place your order--I'd recommend getting the Chicken and Beef plate! It's DELICIOUS and it lets you try two things for $1 more (I think). The menu is limited, but what they do make, they make extremely well!If you happen to come in with a friend, I'd also recommend getting an order of their Gyoza, it is SO. DELICIOUS. OH. MY. GOSH. And make sure to use that dipping sauce that comes with it, holy heavens just thinking about it makes me want some. *Commence drooling* I greatly prefer this gyoza to Peter's.The chicken and beef are cooked well (also better than Peter's in my opinion); juicy, tender, and the teriyaki sauce drizzled over them is so delicious. So so SOOOO delicious. It kind of makes the plate, but along with that plate comes some broccoli and carrot slices, and some sliced vegetable, though I can't remember what it is at the moment...ANYWAY, onward and downward to my stomach. You also get a generous portion of steamed rice, which is perfect for practicing your chopstick skills.The staff is always friendly and accomodating and I'm fairly certain that I've seen most of the owner's family coming through here to eat. If I had a relative with a restaurant that made food like this, I'd probably be hitting that place up all the time too. Y'KNOW?!Thus far, this is my favorite 'Asian' place I've had the pleasure of trying. :)
<review# 26,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/1/2013,8/27/2014,68,34,2,4,3>For Thanksgiving this year, we had both sides of the family coming into town, and rather than having dinner at our home, we decided to find a restaurant to go to instead. I had this place recommended to me from a friend that has had Thanksgiving their before, and man am I glad I took his advice. This place is unbelievable!We had a 2:30 reservation, and when we showed up at 2:25, the place was absolutely slammed. I was surprised it was that crowded on Thanksgiving, but hey, it must have been busy for a reason. I checked in with the host, who was extremely friendly, and he told us it'd be a few minutes past 2:30 until we got a table because it was so busy. We had a seat at the bar and got a couple drinks, admiring the southern plantation feel of how the restaurant looks. At about 2:45 we were finally seated upstairs. Don't worry if you're with a party that has someone with trouble going up stairs; they have an elevator if you need to use it.Our waitress was extremely friendly and helpful, and even though it was insanely busy, she didn't rush us at all.The Thanksgiving Dinner menu they had was great. You could choose an entree and a desert for about $36 per person, and could add on other items if you wanted from about $4 - $8 per dish. Also, our waitress was nice enough to let us swap out the sides that came with the entree if it was something we didn't like, which most places like this don't do.The food here was unbelievably good. YOU MUST ORDER THE CRAB BISQUE. Absolutely have to. If you come here and pass up on trying this amazingly delicious soup, you've completely wasted your time. The best crab bisque I've ever had. For dinner, I ordered the Glazed Ham, with sides of Sweet Potatoes and Asparagus, and couldn't believe how tasty it was. The portions were perfect, and I walked away with no leftovers, but felt perfectly stuffed, just as I should on Thanksgiving.Our waitress got us our check quickly, and we were able to leave at our own pace.I will absolutely be coming back here when I want to go have a nice a super nice meal.
<review# 27,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/6/2014,8/26/2014,61,103,2,8,7>I absolutely 100% recommend this tattoo shop as well as Steve Martin. From the moment I walked in I felt comfortable. Patrick quickly greeted me and was super nice. I filled out a quick sheet agreeing that I was 18, wasn't drunk, high or anything else and that I knew all the rules. Steve brought me back to his chair and he took a lot of time figuring out exactly what I wanted and what would look good. I know I put a lot of pressure on him since the only guidelines I had sent beforehand was that I wanted a sweets themed half sleeve with a breast cancer ribbon and a tokidoki character somewhere in it. That's all I gave him. He took that and ran with it in an amazing direction. I took my phone, charger and headphones because I knew I would be in there for hours. I didn't end up needing my charger or headphones. Steve was very nice and we talked quite a bit. Marty came by a couple of times to look at how the tattoo was coming along and joked with us. We only got to the outline and shading of my half sleeve but I already love it and can't wait until it's finished. I can tell why they're popular but now I have to wait 2 months until I can get another session done. Patrick was very nice once again as I was paying and set up my next appt. He made sure I knew everything I needed to know before I walked out the door. I was just so impressed by everyone I encountered and the shop itself. Very clean and smelled good.
<review# 28,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/2/2013,8/25/2014,16,54,9,7,5>Stopped here when I arrived in Nashville way too early for a meeting and decided to have some breakfast. Oh lord it was amazing. As in, it might just be the best breakfast I've ever had. Now I'm definitely a fan of divey greasy-spoon diner joints, and I know that the true test of such a place is how delicious their food is when you're completely *sober*. Which I was, and it was still amazing. Greasy & filling is easy to find with diners like this. Greasy, filling, and legitimately delicious? Now that's a bit more rare.The omelet I had was incredible. The cheese was perfectly melty and gooey, the onions were nice and crispy. It was fantastic! I have no idea what sort of magic the cook worked to make it so delicious, but I've had plenty of omelets in my life and this is the first one I've ever taken the time to rave about. And the home fries.. were basically a religious experience. I thought I'd had home fries plenty of times in my life. Apparently I've been merely eating "fried potatoes" this entire time. You could tell me that this diner makes its home fries by using oil blessed by the pope and potatoes grown on top of Mt. Olympus, and I'd probably think that's a perfectly reasonable explanation given how delicious they are.The service was fast and friendly, and the staff was usually engaged in lively conversations with regulars.If I lived within walking distance to this place, I'd end up being 600lbs with arteries like crisco-stuffed twizzlers, and I'd still be happily riding my fat-people-scooter there daily. It's that good.
<review# 29,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/24/2014,8/24/2014,1,19,3,4,5>Have you ever fought the power? Did you find that the power was yourself, in the end? If so, you will be deeply conflicted about Betty's Grill, sort of like you're Hamlet.This place is a cheap bar where you can smoke inside. The "locals" come here. By that I mean I walk here and a bunch of folks who dress like my dad came here and drink and play arcade games and shout and laugh and listen to "Now You're Messing With a Son of a Bitch" and enjoy themselves. It's great for things like that. Or it was great, anyway. There was some local music from a guy I realized is my neighbor. Pretty soon the locals all drove home because they work tomorrow and this bar isn't the Stevedores Local from The Wire. This is real life. And I sat there drinking and laughing and telling stories and having fun. And it was cheap. And it was good.And you know what? In a twinkling of an eye, this place will be transformed or gone or recontextualized. I used to live next to Bobby's Idle Hour, a close relative of this place (the Springwater will also do as a comparison). And now that place has regular folks passing through and songwriters night and hipsters and all of that. And I think that's wonderful. And I hope Bobby's stays around. And I think Betty's Grill will do well too. I don't think they'll go under just because MLRose is up the road and Hattie B's is going up kitty-corner. But something is changing. And maybe it's only because in a place like Betty's Grill, archaic as it seems, that I can get a glimpse at that, but I can see how this place would be exciting and sad and a bunch of other things depending on who you are. This place teeters on a nexus of shifting space. You are living between if you drink and eat at this bar.So come on down to the thrift shops and such, and have some cheap beer and a burger and watch time happen. You won't get many chances to embrace time. But do it. And then walk home, if you dare--if you can. And if you can't, remember where you are.Tourists welcome. Come on Thursday for live music.
<review# 30,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/7/2014,8/23/2014,627,968,3,8,7>I realize it seems odd to give a Funeral Home and cemetery a 5 star review, but these people do a good job with what is naturally an unpleasant situation.Harpeth Hills is family owned and includes a large funeral home with multiple rooms for viewings, a chapel for the actual funeral, a kitchen/break room area for food and drink, and even an outside patio if you want to sit outside or smoke a ton of cigs because you are stressed. The grounds include mausoleums and ground burial.  They have their own cremation services too.  And there's a shop on site with flower arrangements for the graves if you come to visit a family member. So basically think of anything you might need and they have it.  The grounds are also meticulously maintained and include prayer gardens and things like that.You can plan ahead and buy your funeral package in advance if you like and I am sure they have people to walk you through it.  That's what my Granny had done, so once she was there they took over the rest.  They made a DVD with pictures that my mom provided to them of Granny and family throughout the years.  They made a framed picture collage out of them too...and the program also included those pictures.  Flowers were arranged around the casket and throughout the room to make it look nice.  The service in the chapel was nice - they can play hymns or just soft music.  There is a person organizing the funeral and lets people know in advance when to get up and speak, when the pallbearers should get up, etc.  The entire thing ran very smoothly and was handled well.The staff are well-trained.  They are quiet and professional and not in your face at all.  But they will answer any question that you have and tell you to feel free to ask more.  They also make sure that your wishes are done (or that of the deceased, if they made wishes known).  We put some pictures in the casket and they asked if we wanted to keep them in the casket afterwards or no...and if you want to be there to see the dirt going on the gravesite....that sort of thing.  It really makes a difference.So yes, it is a total bummer and drag and sucks but it is a fact of life that you may need these sorts of services some day.  And if you do, this place knows how to do it right.
<review# 31,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/29/2012,7/4/2013,50,171,,6,1>A coworker and I stopped in for lunch earlier this week. While not earthshattering as I might have expected from the Food network raves, it was definitely a step up from other area greek fare. I had a the beef souvlaki pita which was good, tender and seasoned nicely. The pita was lightly toasted and crisp, a nice change from the almost stale and soggy pitas that I'm accustomed to. Nina's potatoes were ok. Next time I'll probably stick with the fries. The prices were reasonable and the service prompt and friendly. Really, 4 stars is a tad generous, but warranted because they do better than the rest of the just OK Greek places around town.
<review# 32,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/12/2013,7/3/2013,23,71,4,5,3>This should be a 3.5, but I'll give a 4 so as not to make you think it sucks or anything. Had the Lavender Lemonade ($10) they were promoting, it was very tasty. Not sure it collides with upscale burger cuisine, but who cares I guess. My black & blue burger ($10) was very good, though yes the patties are small and we forgot to say how we wanted it cooked and he forgot to ask, so it was more well done than I cared for. Seriously, don't think you're going to split this burger because you're gonna end up hungry. Their maple ketchup is nice, but I'm not gonna write my mom about it. Not sure what it was but this place just didn't knock my socks off. Probably was the clientele which was mostly of the "I'm 20 and I came here to show everyone I'm awesome" variety, combined with the staff, which another Yelper VERY accurately described as too immersed in their hipster subculture to be very friendly. Honestly, I felt like they thought they were doing me a favor by allowing me to walk in there. Speaking of, there ain't much walking space to be had in here. We were also seated at some sort of community table, which can be cool but not my preference. I probably won't visit again, but it's not bad atall.
<review# 33,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/12/2013,7/2/2013,97,54,,3,4>What can you say.  It's a bowling alley.  Cold beer, decent lanes that aren't beat up, old school dot matrix scoreboards that have been burned into the monitors.  One small TV showing the game (NFL, etc.) and clean rental stuffs.  There are a few snots that try to tell you how the etiquette of the game should be but just ignore them.  This isn't the olympics.  It's a bowling alley.  It's got great proximity to some of the best ethnic food joints that Nashville has to offer also.  Go bowl some and then shove some tacos or Kurdish food in your face hole.  You'll be glad you did.
<review# 34,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/19/2013,7/1/2013,53,213,3,4,1>In the cutthroat world of Nashville's coffeeshoppery, it is reassuring to find a place that doesn't cut your WiFi just because too many people like you, and doesn't provide you with enough power sockets to jack your device in. If people think that coffee shops should discourage people from using their electronic devices, they need to stay in Texas. There is a certain warm and fuzzy feeling one derives on a cold winter afternoon by sauntering into a warm coffee shop, ordering a big cuppa joe and flipping one's eReader or tablet and reading or networking socially. Frothy Monkey encourages this to the fullest extent. Heck!I am banging this review out from there. I have begun to see their iconic yellow baboon against the red backdrop everywhere. I hear they are opening 2 more locations, which is great. Their food choices are impressive for vegetarians like me and FM is a great place to attack brunch. I need not add that their coffee and tea choices are topnotch. They have parking in the rear, so don't go circling the block like a lost bee trying to find its hive. On a nice day, I highly encourage you to sit outside and enjoy the ambiance. It's magic.
<review# 35,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/20/2013,6/30/2013,35,104,4,5,3>Mercy Lounge, it has been twice now that you have provided an awesome drinking experience. Whiskey fueled dancing, furious drinking, laughing and tom foolery. This place is a host to an excellent music venue. The crowd both times was, fun, enthusiastic, non-violent, and raging or maybe that was just us.. bonus.The new years eve event was fucking awesome. Sweet ass 90's cover band destroyed the venue. And as I am attempting to recall the night through a whiskey tinted memories. One thing is for sure.. We had a blast.. and will return.
<review# 36,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/13/2013,6/29/2013,38,244,,4,3>Mouthwatering, delicious pizza. Possibly the best pizza in Nashville, simply because of their unique specialty pizzas and fresh, local ingredients.  I went here for the first time about a month ago after hearing much about it, and Bella Nashville didn't disappoint.  I had the vegan hummus pizza which had the perfect amount of spice and flavor, and the crust was excellent. I also drank the chamomile iced tea: the perfect pick-me-up after having a terrible day!  Service was friendly, food was made quickly.  I'm a big fan and will be back here soon.
<review# 37,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/27/2013,6/28/2013,37,21,,7,5>Huge fan of this place.I joined a more than a year ago (in July it will be two years!) after looking for a place to go after work that was less of a gym and more of a place that I could be myself and could meet people who liked to try interesting things (like pole-dance fitness). BUT, I was still looking for those "gym" results - which is exactly what I was able to find at this studio. Personally, I like work-outs that distract you from the working out part. Literally, in class, I'm so busy trying new things that I don't even think about how tired I am until the end of class because I'm having so much fun. More importantly though, I've met so many amazing and inspiring women. The instructors have always been so encouraging and are also committed to the safety of the students.Studio Goddess runs plenty of deals that fit any kind of budget. I "lived" off of a Groupon and LivingSocial for a few months and then decided I loved it so much that I became a member.I look forward to my time at Studio Goddess every week! Highly recommend.
<review# 38,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/30/2013,6/27/2013,228,720,3,5,4>Located on Thompson Lane, off Northwest Broad Street, this trailhead provides access to the historic McFadden farm property.This was the site of one of the bloodiest engagements in the Battle of Stones River and is marked with an artillery monument. A 60-car parking area at this Northern terminus of the Murfreesboro Greenway System allows users to enter the 12-foot wide asphalt trail for walking, jogging, in-line skating, and bicycling. Access for small watercraft is available from this locationTony and I went hiking here on Saturday, March 30th, to enjoy the historic value, the River beauty and the battlefield. I am such a history buff and this is my type of thing. I love it. There are cannons, a lovely river, old spring site and a monument, as well as hiking trails and part of the GREENWAY...while we were there, visitors were fishing and climbing on rocks..It was such a lovely afternoon and a great way to enjoy Natures Free Playground and learn something at the same time!!I will go again and I hope you check it also.....
<review# 39,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/29/2013,6/26/2013,220,423,3,7,5>Coco's is as good as it gets, hands down! They have made a loyal customer of me after the above and beyond service I received on Saturday night.They were completely slammed (and usually are) but we got a table after about 30 minutes or so. While we waited we grabbed some wine ($5 for house red and white that is tasty!!) and sampled the gelato offered by an extremely friendly man behind the counter. We enjoyed the caprese salad, pesto chicken pasta, and I ordered the bella pizza. The pizza's are HUGE and mine only cost $11 for what is seriously a large. I was only able to eat 2 slices and boxed the rest up. We decided to order some tiramisu to go since they had started cleaning up and closing down the restaurant and it was 10:15 (they close at 10). We waited a while and realized we had probably got forgotten since we were almost the last customers there, so we walked to the register. Our waitress (I believe is one of the owners) apologized profusely and said she had gotten sidetracked with closing, so she first of all gave us both two large orders of tiramisu instead of just one, and then said "just pay me for your wine and we are good." My friend and I looked at each other dumbfounded and she proceeded to charge us $10 total for a full dinner with appetizers, entrees, wine, and dessert. WOW. I honestly am still in shock that she did that, especially since earlier this week I received horrid treatment for trying to use a $25 gift certificate at a well known local chef's restaurant. THAT is what I call service. I would have been excited for the free dessert let alone the amazing above and beyond treatment we received. Great job Coco's!!
<review# 40,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/13/2013,6/25/2013,88,217,1,5,2>Came back here yesterday with some coworkers for lunch, and the quality has yet to change, and prices are still good.For lunch, you have an option to get simple gyro sandwiches which are far cheaper (i think 5?) or an entree, which range from 8 to 11, and are very generously sized. I have to once again comment on the pita bread with cheese and cilantro that is presented as a free appetizer while you wait again, since it was as always fresh cilantro, tasty cheese, and warm pita bread. I make cheese/cilantro/pita sandwiches and love waiting for my food. And then of course I throw a ton of cilantro on my dish once it arrives.That being said, the dish I ordered had ground beef, and a sirloin beef. The ground been was tasty and moist, the sirloin beef was cooked medium and had a very distinct flavor. And the rice was just the right amount of moist, and when mixed with the meat and vegetable, the dish tastes spectacular.Overall, good as ever, closest (to me) and best middle eastern food in Nashville so far. Lunch menu is adequately priced, with small and large options, priced adequately.
<review# 41,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/17/2010,7/28/2011,80,87,,10,5>West Nashvillians rejoice...AMAZING pizza has arrived! No more living in the land of chain pizza joints!Ever since I saw the sign go up for NY Pie I was totally excited. I was not disappointed. We went there for lunch (when they have pizza by the slice)  and I had a couple slices of white pizza while my husband tried a meat slice and a greek slice(olives,peppers,tomatoes,feta). One bite and I was in love. Huge slices that were perfectly crisp with tons of flavor and only a mild amount of grease. Somehow for dinner we ended up picking up a full pizza and a cheese calzone on our way home. The pizza was just as delicious as earlier and my wonderfully cheesy and crispy calzone came with sauce that was fresh. No canned marinara as a side, yay!If you are out near Nashville West definitely stop by and check this place out. It's a bit small on the inside but whether you sit in or carry out you'll be very very happy.
<review# 42,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/11/2011,7/27/2011,105,145,3,3,4>I had a meeting with someone who flew in yesterday and was out today, so we decided to eat near the airport. After searching Yelp for reccomendations, I opted for Darfons.I have to say I was fairly impressed. The neighborhood it serves hardly seems high end, but they had a very nice menu of above average steak and seafood dishes. The seared tuna dinner I had was actually seared (not cooked and barely pink on the inside like so many restaurants).  My meeting kept complimenting his steak, so I assume it was pretty good as well.Of course, for me, meeting is code for 'talking while drinking' and I was glad to see that Darfons has a very nicely stocked bar. As I have turned myself into a bourbon afficianado, I was glad to see they had a wide range of bourbons and not just the standard 3. Even better (pet peeve alert) was that when I asked my waiter to list their bourbons, he didnt include Jack Daniels among the offerings.The manager came over a few times to make certain that everything was going well, and when it was apparent that we were just camping out after dinner to talk, both she and our waiter made themselves scarce so we could talk, yet kept our water glasses full and made sure that we had a drink refill when wanted.Food is a solid B+ and service was A+. An oasis of quality near the airport.
<review# 43,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,6/15/2011,7/26/2011,90,83,3,8,3>I feel like I'm giving 3 stars a lot lately.  Am I just becoming a bitter, jaded reviewer?  I don't think so...but, I guess that's for you to decide.Let me start by saying that Chuy's has a lot of things going for it:*Good Location*Cool ambiance*Enthusiastic Employees*Great Service*Lots of food choices*Huge Portions*Good Chips and SalsaHowever, with all that said - there was nothing mind blowing about this place.  There is a lot of hype that surrounds Chuy's.  And, the food is decent.  However, it's not great.  It all seems a bit safe.  I've expressed my opinion to others and they claim that maybe I just don't like tex-mex stuff.  I don't think that is it.  It's not BAD food - just not GREAT food.  But, when you are going to a chain restaurant typically the food is inoffensive and borderline bland (for the most part).  Do I like Chuy's?  Yeah, it's alright.  Do I crave Chuy's?  No.Would I go back to Chuy's?  Sure - if someone wanted to go I would go.  However, it likely wouldn't be on my recommendation.My last trip I had their version of a Chimichanga with the Jalapeno dip or whatever.  It was ok - but there was too much breading around the meat - felt like I had to go forever before I got to the meat.  And, I've had much better Chimi's elsewhere (El Sombrero and Las Palmas to name a couple).  But, the portion was large, the food was hot and the server was fairly attentive.I think Chuy's is a 'jack-of-all-trades' type place.  It's all pretty good - but none of it is exceptional.  Which is why I gave it 3 stars I guess.  It's better than many places - but I wouldn't call myself a fan.
<review# 44,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/9/2010,7/25/2011,7,30,10,5,5>I wanted to hate this place so badly.Seriously, eleven dollar burgers?  The staff wear v-neck t shirts, the deep ones, and suspenders.They all have the most amazingly bad haircuts that cost 140 dollars.  In Nashville people pay extra to look bad.fucking hipsters.all lined up outside around the block all day long.fixed gear bikes, beards and skinny jeans everywhere.God save us all.**but here I am giving the place five stars...I had heard a lot of mixed reviews...but I have to try every burger that hits the "best burger" rankings, just to be objective.We tried the Woodstock (bacon cheeseburger, eleven bucks)and the Lamb (lamb burger with boursin cheese, seriously, what is that even? thirteen bucks)answer? Delicious that's what it is!!  both burgers were among the best I have ever had.  Hate to admit it, but there it is.I do not know anything about boursin cheese, but I am about to find out.Fries were good. drinks were awesome. (Verde Especial Margarita and an amazing non-alcoholic ginger brew).The staff were really kind and pleasant to be around.I guess I must be a hipster somewhere deep down inside because I felt at home and....loved it.  Great all around experience.Sit at the bar, you can skip the line, and it is all community seating so you will be sitting with strangers anyway!The Burger was not cooked to order (Medium...it was definitly well done, but...it tasted so good...) that's the only complaint I have.All in all the burgers were Almost worth the extreme cost just based on taste, but when you throw in that the meat is local and the animals were well treated it is totally worth the extra cost.A plus.plus a few mustaches....geez, hipsters.
<review# 45,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/28/2010,7/24/2011,35,249,,4,3>A staff that really, genuinely care about what they do.  Who would have thought?  From checking in to the housekeeping, everything was done with ultmost attention to details and (most impressively) extreme politeness.  So polite that I thought they've mistaken me for royalty.  Even walking through the halls is an experience as there are art pieces everywhere.  This is about as comfortable as one can be on a business trip.  True, it is not a resort without pool/sauna (it has a pretty nice gym, though), but I am quite pleased and will definitely return.  Hooray Hutton!
<review# 46,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/27/2010,7/23/2011,52,174,6,9,4>Lets just cut to the chase... this is a hoity-toity bakery in Brentwood. If you aren't okay with that steer clear because it is ram jam with hordes of upper middle class Brentwood soccer moms. If you play count the coach purses you will run out of numbers.  If you plan to go for brunch on a Saturday you should fully prepare yourself to wait in line behind the designer purse brigade... assuming you can find a spot in the slightly crowded lot between all the BMW's, Mercedes, and Lexi.  Unpleasantries aside, this is a very good bakery with a remarkable hidden gem on the food menu. Specifically, I'm talking about one of the best burgers in the Nashville area. A huge amount of 100%? sirloin beef with their homemade fresh baked bun. It is a bakery after all and the bun propels this burger into greatness. It is something special. I'll have to admit I've never eaten anything but the burger. Unless you are vegetarian I can't imagine why you would want to eat anything else except maybe CAKES and PIES. I've had a few various desserts here from carrot cakes to some kind of lemon squares. All were great. I wish I could remember the name of the lemon square things because they sing to my inner fatness like the sirens to Odysseus.Go. Get the burger. Eat a tasty baked treat afterward.  I doubt you will regret it.
<review# 47,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/31/2010,7/22/2011,94,44,3,2,4>Went here with a bachelor party.  Pretty fun.  The main thing that brought us here were the flyers they were handing out for free beer.  That's how they get you in.  Didn't even realize that they had karaoke at this place, so that was pretty awesome.  Great atmosphere.  The staff was great and they gave everyone a good chance to karaoke instead of playing favorites.
<review# 48,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/30/2011,7/21/2011,10,111,,4,4>Don't get me wrong, I love the Apple Store at the Green Hills Mall. BUT, if I have to carry in my desktop, heck, if I have to carry in my keyboard or laptop, I don't want to schlepp from the parking garage into the mall. I like Computers Plus. There's always parking. The employees are friendly, attentive and knowledgeable. Prices are fair and their turn-around is amazing. They specialize in Apple service and PC service.I've used them for major repairs and minor problems, like a gucky keyboard floating in a bed of crumbs. (O.K., it wasn't that bad, but it was getting a little groaty.) These guys took my keyboard in back where they blasted it with a strong air gun. A few minutes later, it was good as new. Best part, there was no charge.So kind. Will be back.
<review# 49,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/12/2011,7/20/2011,35,199,,4,3>La Hacienda is easily my favorite Mexican restaurant in Nashville.  It's much more authentic than the typical Mexican place.  The weekend specials (goat, barbacoa, seafood stew, etc) are very interesting & I'd venture to say you won't find them anywhere else in Nashville.My favorite thing on the menu is the tostada de ceviche.  It's catfish in a mix of white onion, tomato, cilantro and lime juice.  So delicious & refreshing, and also nice and light.  I usually order it on a tostada (basically a flat crunchy taco shell), but you can also order a larger version.  Today I also had the vegetarian quesadilla - pretty darn good with mushrooms, peppers, onions & cheese.  Another cool thing here are the condiments.  I like the green salsa verde as well as the dried chili salsa - both standard on every table.  The regular salsa here is pretty good too & I've always had fresh, warm chips.  The margaritas are on the sour side but still good.  I also noticed on this visit they are offering paletas from Las Paletas (YUM!).We'll continue to return here for years to come.  The food, drinks, and service are all great!TIP: parking can be a bit difficult, but they do have a lot in the back which offers more spots.  If you're coming from 440, pull into the drive just before the restaurant parking lot.
<review# 50,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/11/2011,7/19/2011,96,336,3,3,3>Delicious italian food is all you need to know about Mafiaoza's! Went here on a whim with my girlfriend and some friends on Saturday night and we were not disappointed. When we walked up, there were people everywhere, and I thought for sure we were going to be waiting for hours to get some food. And after some drinking at Yazoo's earlier, I was starving. To our surprise we only had to wait for about twenty minutes. So, we passed the time by having drinks at the bar.   The restaurant is very loud! Not sure if its like this all the time, but we were yelling across the table to talk to each other. For an appetizer we ordered the fried cheese ravioli. They were delicious! Just giant cheese sticks! Anything thats fried and filled with cheese, is good in my book! We ordered the Cesar Salad, it was good, but nothing to yelp about. By the time our dinner came out, we were pretty stuffed. But, we ordered the chicken lasagna. It was so good! The creamy pesto sauce that was one it, was awesome! I could not get enough of this sauce. Don't order this if you are looking for a traditional red sauce lasagna. Its far from that, but it sure is amazing! I would have no problem ordering this again. Over all I really enjoyed Mafiaoza's. Next time we are there I really want to try one of the pizzas, they looked really good!
<review# 51,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/20/2014,7/13/2014,243,217,3,6,3>First of all i'm very particular on who cuts my hair! After so many haircuts throughout the years you can tell while the barber is cutting your hair if it gonna be jacked up or not!  SO story is .....I had to run some errands on this particular side of town one morning but Desperately needed a hair cut! I mean your boy was looking like WOLVERINE/BUCKWHEAT!! a friend of mine told me about Platinum Fades shop not too far from where i was at so i decided  to check them out. He recommend a dude named KD who cuts his hair so i was like AIGHTTT...lets see! This shop is located in a shopping area off Dickerson Pike to the right. Nice little shop where you had to sign in ( i like professionalism!) and 4 barbers with a receptionist, with a door that locks everytime it closes allowing access only by a button the barber pushes...i like security!  A few tv's allowed you to pass time while waiting to get your hair cut and the conversations like most barber shops was entertaining to pass the time which was about a 25 min wait.NOW...Like i stated i'm VERY particular on who cuts my hair but from the time the barber started i could tell he was a BEAST with the clippers! Once i was finished and checked it out lets just say MANNNN your boy looked GOOD!! better yet Wifey loved it! Only cons I have is the distance from my house to this place is about 25 to 30 min drive...:( so I guess the question is "How far would you drive for a fly a** haircut?!...hmmmm Bottome line I'm a fan!
<review# 52,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/1/2014,7/12/2014,194,461,3,4,3>5 stars! The new location is fantastic. It's accessible to the east side and downtown, you just shoot down Woodland. Alexa and team just keep bringing it. Every time I leave happy and healthy. It also doesn't hurt that it is located next to Nashville Sweets. There is plenty of parking in the new location as well. Make sure you either call or make an appointment online. There are plenty of recliners but they can fill up. If you are even slightly interested in acupuncture give them a try. You'll feel good and so will your wallet!
<review# 53,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/23/2014,7/10/2014,81,468,,5,1>Soft opening with a limited but varied menu.  Boudin was on the menu, as was raw or steamed crawfish.  The owners are doing fabulous by giving away crawfish samples.  They were spicy and I would not have expected anything less.  I believe the raw crawfish are live but I will confirm on my next visit.I took home a few pounds and everybody liked them.  I will be back.  There are no seats here, just take out.  This was the old coffee shop in the middle of the parking lot near Toots and Aya Sushi.Another unique cuisine to add to the growing Murfreesboro dining scene!
<review# 54,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/11/2014,7/9/2014,91,274,5,8,8>I cannot thank William Colliers enough for helping me host a happy hour for a bunch of visiting Yelpers from all over the country.  Two for one draft beers and Porter Road hot dogs (more homemade sausages than traditional hotdogs) with chips and soda for $8...this all had the makings of a great way to start a weekend.  I love how chill it is in here and how attentive and fun the bartenders were.  Gorgeous space, great drinks, chill vibe...like a fancier version of your favorite neighborhood bar.  I will absolutely come back here after work to enjoy myself again!
<review# 55,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/9/2014,7/8/2014,176,384,2,8,4>Seriously yum!  I broke my gluten-free diet here and it was totally worth it.  2 of us shared a 12-inch pizza and it was the perfect size (we even had a little left over!).  our pizza had bacon, caramelized onions, red peppers, artichoke hearts and mozzarella.  I enjoyed every single bite.Prices were reasonable.  I would definitely come back for happy hour - those were great deals.  And to try some of the items on the drink menu, because some of those looked extra tasty.There was only one server for the whole restaurant when we were there, so it was a little slow, but he was really friendly and on top of his game.Editing because I can't believe I forgot to mention the bathroom in my original review.  OMG.  Rotating colored lights.  That's all I have to say.
<review# 56,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/24/2014,7/7/2014,139,236,10,7,3>If you are a parent in Nashville and you DON'T have a membership to the Zoo.  You.  ARE. A.  FOOL!!Worth every penny it costs.   From those random Tuesday's you take off from work to any Saturday or Sunday during the summer or fall or spring or Taco Tuesday (That's actually a Friday but whatever it makes sense, EVERYTHING IS AWESOME!!!!!) it's a blast every time.  And the best PART?  If you stay 10 minutes you don't feel guilty.  Your kid craps on the playground.  Who cares.  Leave and come another day.   Your kid slapped a kangaroo?  Nope.  Don't matter.  You leave and come another day and that Kangaroo has already done forgot that shiz from last time.Do it.  Just do it.   Like those shoe commercials.   Grab your lover by the hand and do it in the..........wait.  That's the ladies man.....hmmmWortttthhh it!!
<review# 57,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/25/2014,7/6/2014,96,90,2,8,2>Located in a former shipping container in the heart of the Gulch, the 404 Kitchen is exactly what you would expect from a James Beard Award semi-finalist (best new restaurant category).  This incredibly-small-but-incredibly-neat restaurant is nestled away, almost unassumingly, next to the Station Inn and is dwarfed by the ever-sprouting high-rise condos.  And if the uniqueness of the restaurant wasn't enough, it is attached to a small 5 room boutique hotel. The 404 Kitchen is one of the best places in Nashville, and it's hiding in plain sight.The 404 Kitchen has been on my list for quite some time. When my dear friend Kate and I wanted to go out for a girls night, we were surprised when we were able to grab a last minute table for dinner. The dining room is very tiny, with only a handful of tables squished very close together, a patio, and a small bar. The largest party I would recommend here is 4 people, because beyond that you might take up half the restaurant.  The decor is simple, woodsy, and is unassuming. The standout is the large window that lets in the most beautiful light. Thank goodness for spring days.We started off with a cocktail from their lovely leather-bound book of offerings. I chose the Flight 404 which our waitress informed me was one of the sweeter drinks. It had gin and creme de violet and what I got was the most visually appealing cocktail: A light purple drink with a dark lovely luxardo cherry at the bottom.  The flavor was sweet, but it had a strong earthy gin flavor that I loved. I guess gin is quickly becoming my go-to alcohol of choice. WHO AM I?  Kate ordered the Nearest Green which had bourbon, apple brandy, honey, and Benton's bacon. There were little shards of crisp bacon taking a bath in the bourbon.  This drink tasted like breakfast; an amalgam of syrup and bacon. It was really strong, traditionally manly, and highly enjoyable.For an appetizer we went with the house made burrata. We had a whole ball of the softest mixture of mozzarella and cream tossed with a dressing made of pine nuts, leeks, grapefruit, celeriac and truffles.  Everything about this dish was smooth, except for the occasional crunch the pine nut. Surprisingly, despite all the dairy, the dish was amazingly light. The sauce was so wonderful that I almost jumped for joy when our server brought us fresh bread to sop up the leftovers.For my entree I had the truffled egg study. THIS! JUST THIS- might be the most amazing dish I have ever had that makes the lowly egg rise to the top the culinary pedestal, as it so richly deserves.  The egg, perched upon a bed of fresh pasta, was slow cooked for a long time, making it the most delicious poached egg you can imagine. Once tapped, the yolk oozed all over the plate and when mixed together with the caviar and truffles created the richest, creamiest sauce for the pasta. The truffles themselves where thinly shaved and blended in well with the sauce. While $28 might be really pricey for one egg and some pasta, I pretty much guarantee that you have never had egg prepared this way, and with all the fancy accouterments, you will become a believer.Kate ordered the Dry Aged Tri Tip with farro and root vegetables. The meat came out cooked to the exact specifications asked for and the seasoning used really added a nice bit of flavor to the meat. The grilled onion added a nice touch of sweet and the farro underneath created a bed to soak up all the flavors. Every time I try farro I'm reminded that I really quite enjoy it and should consider making it at home sometimes.For our side dish we choose the risotto with mascarpone and ramps. I'm always hesitant to order a risotto because if you have ever watched Top Chef, you know that if you make one, you are going home. (Yet year after year someone dares to tempt fate and make one- only to be sent packing). I can assure that if this dish was served on Top Chef the judges would cheer and the risotto curse would be broken. Ramps made the risotto taste fresh, like spring. With that light garlic and onion taste that reminds you of lying in fresh grass. If only ramps were in season the whole year round *sigh*The 404 Kitchen is top notch. Everything about it is pretty damn near perfect. Our waitress was polite, but very informative, almost as if she cooked everything herself. The presentations were gorgeous, creating a feast for the eyes as well as the mouth. Make a reservation, bring a friend, and prepare to be impressed.
<review# 58,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/6/2014,7/5/2014,60,232,2,6,4>I am upgrading Patrick's and I'll tell you why.One of my favorite customers is a bona fide Cajun and he explained to me that there is red jambalaya and white jambalaya.  Turns out, Patrick's serves the red kind and I just so happen to like the white variety better.  With that...I feel I should not have knocked off the star because I didn't like the jambalaya.  My problem, not theirs.  I'll go back but order something different.
<review# 59,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/5/2014,7/4/2014,33,287,2,4,3>This place is SO. GOOD. I'm not going to try to wax philosophical about the awesomeness of this food; I'm just going to tell you about it and tell you to go there. I'll have to go ahead and admit to my cultural ignorance and say that I had no idea what a pupusa was (nor had I heard of one), but that did not stop me from ordering one. It is meaty, cheesy, tortilla-y deliciousness; that's what it is. They come with slaw, which I normally hate, but this slaw is a little spicy and very good. The tacos are out of this world. Before trying the tacos here, I had recently claimed that another establishment had the best tacos in Nashville. That establishment may have been bumped to second place. They have the requisite Mexican Coke and Jarritos, but you can also get Horchata if that is something you fancy (I haven't gotten up the nerve to try it yet...next time, though). One of the best parts? The price. My husband and I got 2 pupusas, a burrito, 4 tacos, and 2 drinks for about $15. That's right. That's a 1 and a 5 and nothing else after it. We couldn't even eat all of that, either. It's a small place, and the parking lot is small so it tends to get a little crowded around dinner time. You will wait about 15 or so minutes for your food, but I promise it is worth it. Now, why are you still sitting here reading this? Go get some pupusas!
<review# 60,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/24/2014,7/3/2014,116,191,1,4,3>I am a huge fan of PM.  The sushi is fresh, the price is right and the non-sushi menu is never boring.  I love that they sell Sofia sparkling wine in the little cans.  I'm a sucker for things in cute packages...and also for sparkling wine.  The cocktails are also delicious.  The bartenders can make a mean martini.  The nigiri cuts are very generous.  The yellowtail is always super fresh.  They have a great selection of maki including some traditional and not-so traditional offerings (bacon, anyone?).  One of these days I will tear myself away from the sushi menu and try the much raved burger.
<review# 61,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/18/2014,11/10/2014,2,14,2,3,4>The Sutler Saloon has it all. It has delicious food, fantastic music, atmosphere and well crafted cocktails. We took a friend, from out of town, with us and he loved it as well!! We had reservations at 9 and got there at 8:40 and thought we were going to have to wait a bit and magically a table opened up about a minute after we arrived. Our server was very knowledgeable about everything on the menu and loved his job! The band was a local act that had just won the Nashville Blues competition...:they were amazing! The most amazing part was the food! There were so many yummy things on the menu, that it was hard to decide. We ended up ordering too much and we were stuffed! We had:-French fries with with BBQ sauce ketchup, I love ff and these might be the best I have ever had!-Georgia shrimp dish-tons of shrimp!-Loaded Macaroni: creamy deliciousness -hamburger dunk: might be the best burger I've eaten. The dunk means it comes on a thick bread and is dunked in a creamy sauce of some sort. It was a sopping good time:).-pinto Poblano soup: spicy goodness!-friend pickles-this was our least favorite dish, but it was still good.We cannot wait to return for a Family Supper on a Sunday and listen to some live Bluegrass!!!
<review# 62,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/31/2013,11/9/2014,170,180,3,3,3>I will start by saying that the service was excellent. Our waitress nailed it, every step of the way. She was friendly, knowledgable, had great suggestions, and never made us feel rushed. I'd give the menu high points for inventiveness. We started with a trio pairing of deviled eggs, which our waitress informed us rotate practically daily. They were outstanding - I particularly enjoyed one with bacon filling topped with tomato, as well as the unique, borderline sweet egg half topped with a pumpkin filling. I tried the soup, mac & cheese, and pork belly. The soup was made with a chicken base, along with potatoes and kale. It was well-balanced and quite tasty. The mac & white cheese was a bit salty for my taste, but creamy goodness otherwise. The pork belly was served with roasted sweet potatoes, mushrooms and house-made herbed marshmallows. The marshmallows were outstanding, with rosemary shining through the herb rub. The pork itself was well cooked, but could have been more flavorful.Perhaps most notable was my cocktail, the Ryde About Town. Rye, Cynar, italian vermouth, Benedictine, house bitters. $11. Really well done.Dessert was also tasty. We ordered pumpkin pie s'more - chocolate mousse, graham cracker, house made marshmallows with roasted pepitas. It was accompanied by a well-brewed cup of coffee, too - a Bongo Java Mexican blend.The prices seemed fair for the whole experience, and I'd come back. Perhaps just to sit at the bar and enjoy a cocktail.
<review# 63,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/20/2014,11/8/2014,159,379,5,6,5>Almost perfection.The Patterson House is the best place for a perfectly crafted drink. While I believe the drinks to be perfect, the experience here is incredible. Well, once you get through the curtain.The menu is presented in a simple fashion. The offerings are listed under heading that labels the main ingredient. I went straight for the vodka menu. Lucky enough to sit at the bar, the well groomed and well styled bartender acted as though he had all the time in the world to educate me about drinks. After a good amount of Q&A, I was ready to place my order. My vodka inspired drink included lemon and ginger. The bartender seemed joyous as he selected and wiped a glass and positioned near my seat. He collected a sphere of ice and placed it in the glass. Then, with great pomp and circumstance he began to craft a drink. It was as if he was a trained master choreographer. He eventually poured the crafted goodness into my waiting glass. As he slid the glass across the bar to me, you can see the pride in his eyes of his creation. Well, needless to say, the drink was truly magnificent.I have been a couple of other times and the experiences have been as good as the described. Perfect. Just beware of the hostess as she almost panics if you peer  behind the curtain without first having your ID checked. Oh, and make sure you are escorted to your seat. The overly excited response is a bit much. Haha! Actually, it's kind of fun to push her limits.
<review# 64,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/1/2014,11/7/2014,2,46,2,3,4>I got teary eyed with joy when we sat down at the bar and took a look a the menu for the evening. I'm slightly adventurous but it's not often I find a menu where I will try nearly everything on it. I didn't know where to start, but that didn't stop us. I didn't order drinks, but my friend took part in the $5 wine happy hour and was pleasantly surprised by the house options. After happy hour, she got a second glass over her favorite wine we frequent another bar, but was nearly half the price here (at regular non-happy hour pricing).   We started with the chicken fried, with whipped potatoes, biscuit, and caramelized onion jam, as well as the pork belly with some kind of pancake and fancy pork rinds. Quite glad we caught the egg before it was poured over top though, I am NOT a fan of eggs so we sent the egg away. Everything was incredible. The onion jam was super exciting to me. Quite honestly, the apps were large enough for us to call it a night - I was full, but again, that didn't stop us. For entrees, we got the whole fish, which was trout that came atop spatzel. We also ordered the pork chop that came atop of farro and boudin. Funny thing was at first we were trying to figure out why the "quinoa" tasted so good... well that's because what we thought was quinoa with the pork chop was sausage. (we didn't quite take notice of that part on the menu, but we didn't mind. It was the amazing). Didn't make it to dessert. I was so stuffed to the brim I was in pain. Great portions, great menu, great flavors - at top contender for one of my favorite restaurants in town.
<review# 65,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/4/2014,11/6/2014,16,54,6,12,7>Monell's at the Manor is about as good as it gets for a true Southern dining experience. It doesn't get much better than enjoying some fantastic homestyle food in a beautiful old mansion.First and foremost, it's family style dining. If that isn't your thing, then just stay away instead of coming here and then giving it a negative review and complaining about it. Just sit at home with your microwaved TV dinner and be antisocial while I'm Monell's meeting some friendly new faces and enjoying a spread that puts most people's Thanksgivings to shame.The food. Oh sweet lord, the food. Once you're seated at the table, you're presented with an unending parade of traditional Southern delights. I have yet to try anything there that wasn't delicious. The pork chops, the fried chicken, the roast beef.. it's all amazing. The sides are every bit as good, and the desserts I've had there so far was assorted pies and the most incredible bread pudding ever. Seriously, just leave your calorie and carb counting at the door, otherwise you won't be properly enjoying the experience. Some people may complain that this place doesn't allow them to talk on their cell phone at the table, but I rather appreciate it. Conversing with one's dining partners is becoming a lost art. Not to mention, talking on your phone in a restaurant is really an obnoxious white trash thing to do, so I'm glad there's none of it here.One word of advice; don't come here for lunch if you plan on being highly productive for the rest of the day. This is the sort of food that makes you want to just kick back and relax. Even if you just try a small sample of everything brought to the table, you're going to be incredibly stuffed at the end. There are a few places in Nashville that I simply cannot recommend enough, and Monell's at the Manor is one of them.
<review# 66,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/9/2014,11/5/2014,627,968,5,9,4>Mmmmm Thai food!  It's my fave, so when I saw that a new place was opening up then I knew I'd have to go as soon as possible.First off, the location is a little odd, kind of set apart all by itself.  But don't be fooled, go on in, you won't be sorry.  They have ample parking around the building too so that's a plus.  They have renovated this place and it looks sleek and modern.  There's a bar to the right when you walk in, and the rest of the room is tables.  There also appears to be a patio but it hasn't really been set up yet.Both times I have gone I had the same server and she's a sweetheart.  She discussed the drink menu with us, the food menu, suggested things, chatted, etc.  I've two different entrees here: basil chicken and the garlic vegetables with chicken.  Both with spice level of HOT.  Once with regular rice, once with sticky rice based on the suggestion of the waitress.  This is LEGIT delicious yo!  Both times I ate every last bite. Heat level was as asked, not less as sometimes happens. The sticky rice was interesting to me but I also liked that.  I also enjoy their beverage menu as they have come up with some Thai inspired cocktails.  Think lychee and lemongrass and ginger beer and whatnot.  I know I love cocktails anywhere, but I loved them here too!If you are doing a Thai tour of Nashville then you MUST come here and support these lovely folks.  They are cooking up great Thai food in a swank atmosphere with friendly staff.
<review# 67,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/27/2014,11/4/2014,12,1,4,4,4>Working in restaurants for a few years and having a wife who is genius in the kitchen gives be some room to be picky when it comes to dining out and on service. My wife and I chose to give The Boat house a try. We were very pleased with our selections and the service we received. We started off with the Shrimp and Grits Hush Puppies with the Mango Pepper Relish. It was incredible. Served with an Asian Coleslaw that had sunflower seeds. It was an interesting dish but a must have. I will definitely have that again. My wife ordered the catfish with a side of cheddar cheese Grits. The fish was deep fried and seasoned nicely. I hate when fried catfish has too much pepper, but Pucketts did it perfectly. I had the Grouper with Creamed Spinach and a side of cheese Grits. I love Grits and they nailed. Not too grainy or watery. I didn't love the Creamed Spinach but it was still flavorful. It was a little too creamy for me. But the grouper was FANTASTIC! It was perfectly seasoned and pan seared. Nice crispness and still wonderfully tender inside. We finished our meal with the Key Lime Pie Togo. I am not a Key lime fan, but this one was wonderful. Home mad crust with almonds and cookie. And the pie was a perfect blend between sweetness and tart. The service was the highlight of the night. Our server Austin was attentive and obviously in love with the food which made our decisions really easy. He was incredibly friendly but not overbearing. I purposely waited towards the end of the meal to let him know I was a server. He's definitely a reason I will be going back. Make sure to ask for him.
<review# 68,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/7/2014,11/3/2014,10,45,8,10,6>Hurry, hurry, hurry! Step right up folks! Come inside and see that the dying art of freshly prepared foods made by passionate owners still exist!  After dining here 3 different times over the past 2 weeks I truly felt that I had stepped into a sideshow.  How unusual it is to find such an outstanding  meal in this town.  Now I must have passed by this place dozens of times before I was compelled to visit by my overwhelming curiosity.  I did my research and while I couldn't find a lot of reviews I decided to take the leap.  YOLO!  At my first experience I was a little disappointed to find that Vince (the chef and owner) was out of oysters... What kind of excuse could he possibly have? "I don't have a consistent supplier, but that will all change next week when I switch suppliers. I have a guy that shucks and packs them on the boat who will ship them to me within hours. ' Let me digress for a second.... During my career as a chef I took the corporate route. Long story short, I became a little dismayed at the thought of creating food that was business oriented. Don't get me wrong here - I'm all about the bottom line but my mantra has been and will continue to be that food is ALWAYS emotional. And If it were not true American's would eat gruel and drink water for sustenance daily. Queen Fish is an EMOTIONAL experience which is slowly dying in America.QF is the type of joint that the big magazines and food shows find after scouring through Yelp reviews to find the next "in" thing,  While fried fish is not necessarily the healthiest choice these days - this is the real deal folks and worth a trip. On my first visit I ended up ordering the shrimp basket with fries (I know... Pretty boring).  But I really wanted to play it safe.  In my life I've cooked thousands of shrimps in more ways than Bubba Gump can only begin to imagine but I'm not afraid to admit when someone does it better than me. Wow! Plump, crispy,  fresh and very flavorful.. I was impressed enough to make it a point to come back for the oysters.  While I was there Vince was kind enough to offer me a piece of the fried whiting and although I wouldn't say it's my favorite fish I quickly consumed it and chalked it up as another well prepared item. The highlight to today's meal? Believe it or not, the cocktail sauce was so good I wanted to bathe in it.  Just the right spice level and  the right amount of sweet and acid balance I would buy the sauce by the gallon. Also note that the tarter sauce was just as good but for some reason the thought of bathing in tartar sauce is a bit disturbing to me. Over the course of the following week I patiently waited for the oysters to arrive from the Florida coast. Once I tasted them: Fried oysters unlike any I've had since New Orleans. Yes, they are that good. Or should I say that "amazing". Delicately fried, with a light and balanced  coating. The oysters smelled and tasted like ocean!   They were such an awe inspiring treat that I made the effort to bring my children in to experience them - it was that important to me. On a whim I asked for remoulade....... and yes, the remoulade rocks! This is a subtle version of the classic that does not overwhelm.   I would encourage you to add fried oysters (done right) to your bucket list before you die.  Trust me on this one.  My only request -  a Po' boy sandwich!  Over the course of the three meals I've had here I tried the fried mushrooms, the onion straws (so good), baked beans (could be a meal in itself), dirty rice (spicy goodness on a plate with a little chicken liver to boot), chicken gumbo (so delicious but where is the seafood gumbo?), clam strips (making it more difficult to decide what to order) and I've concluded that this guy really knows how to cook.  Each time I went in Vince was overly concerned about his guests and made the rounds with a smile... He is genuinely concerned about the quality of his food and I can tell that he wants everyone to be happy. Bonus points for a television in Mt Juliet that is not tuned in to Fox News and although the place is a classic hole in the wall IT'S ALL ABOUT THE FOOD! Styrfoam plates, plastic forks, thin napkins, and standard restaurant furniture aside you will not be disappointed.  On Friday night we were treated to a solo guitarist/singer playing classic rock (nice touch)  I hope I never see a review stating that the place is expensive - a little under 12 bucks for 20 piece oyster dinner is a bargain where I come from. Bear in mind that the quality of food and the attention to detail is what makes the place stand out. QueenFish is exactly what Mt Juliet needs - especially with the influx of the crappy chain restaurants  right up the street (you know who you are).   I can't wait to go back for the  fried oysters, remoulade, and that Damn dirty rice!  Hurry, hurry, hurry... folks.  Once the word gets out it will be standing room only!
<review# 69,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/30/2014,11/2/2014,8,51,2,6,5>For the past 6 years I have lived about 2 miles from 360.  I recently read where USA Today rated 360 as one of the top 10 places in the country to wine and dine. Last week I finally decided to make reservations to celebrate my wedding anniversary.  I'm not sure why I waited so long.The atmosphere is chic and a little trendy, but not pretentious.  I wasn't sure what to wear, so I went with the standard khakis and a button down.  There were others in shorts and t shirts, and they seemed to fit in just fine. For appetizers, there were four that we wanted to try.  We finally decided on the tuna tartar and the calamari.  The tuna was beautifully presented and absolutely delicious.  If I were into taking pictures of food, this one was picture worthy.  The calamari was a standard fried calamari.  It was nicely cooked, not too chewy, and the remoulade was outstanding.As an entree, I had the tri tip, which was served with bone marrow, sauteed rapini, and a chimichurri.  The steak itself was perfectly medium rare and with the proper chew expected from the cut of meat.  The gelatinous part of the marrow didn't add much to the dish, but the rendered marrow fat had great flavor, and tied all of the other components together.  The rapini was slightly bitter, which went well with the other components of the dish.My wife had a grouper special.  I was a little surprised to hear another server present the fish as halibut to a table behind us.  When the dish was presented, there was no mistaking that it was grouper instead of halibut. The fish was well prepared, and went well with the reduction that accompanied the dish.  This was a fine dish, but probably not something we'd order again.The desserts may have been the best part of the meal.  I had a vanilla panna cotta with strawberry sauce.  My wife had the warm chocolate cake with salted caramel and  espresso ice cream.  If it wouldn't have cause a scene, I think it's safe to say that we would've licked our plates.The service was prompt and friendly. Our server was nice and conversational, but not too over bearing. She was also very comfortable making recommendations off the extensive wine list, which is presented on and Ipad app.Overall, we enjoyed our experience.  It was a nice change of pace from the other locations that we typically celebrate special occasions.   When a friend asked my opinion after the meal, I told them that 360 would be a great place to drink wine, and nosh on a variety of the wonderful appetizers and desserts.
<review# 70,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/11/2013,11/1/2014,2,4,2,4,3>Had a great experience at Urban Grub. Our pre-meal drinks (Moscow mule & basil fashion) were both very good, with the edge going to the latter. Appetizer was crab claws, prepared Nashville hot chicken style. They were good, however, with such a small amount of meat on each claw, there was as much breading as meat. Still, very tasty with a good amount of spice. Entrees were the trout and a filet. The trout was very good and interesting with a bit of citrus adding a bit of sweetness and the right amount of acidity. While we had absolutely no complaints on the trout, it fell just short of being a destination meal. The filet was excellent. Prepared using the sous vide method, then finished over some sort of high heat (cast iron or broiler, maybe?) to give it a perfect crust. This should be given serious consideration for the steak lovers out there. We also ordered a side of the Gouda chipotle grits, which were very good but needed a pinch more salt to my taste. Finally the wine we ordered, a Bordeaux, was out of stock so we were upgraded at no additional cost. Very nice. The service was great. Attentive, knowledgeable, and friendly. The food arrived impressively quickly, especially considering how busy they were.  The atmosphere was hip but casual. Fire features added a nice, warm ambiance. We went on a very busy Friday night so the noise level was a bit loud but didn't impede conversation too much. My date only had to repeat herself once or twice. Anyone with hearing difficulties may want to request a booth. Overall, I fully recommend trying Urban Grub. I'd give it 4.5 out of 5, with the only deductions coming from the "breadiness" of the crab claws and the trout being just barely short of outstanding. Note that I had no complaints with either dish - just personal preference. Both were still very good.
<review# 71,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/20/2014,6/22/2014,98,278,,5,3>We're really, really happy we decided to "travel south" for brunch on Sunday.I had remembered some enjoyable dinners and visits quite awhile ago to the Thompson Station Grill, and honestly we didn't even know things had changed.  And changed for the better.Love the antique door as you walk in, really antique, like general store from a million years ago heavy with leaded glass and neat handset antique.  Great decor all around - love the vintage look light bulbs hanging from what appears to be a railroad trolley carriage overhead?  Cool.Nice, dark hardwood floors, great trim throughout, and everything looks vintage.We were so happy to see that one of our regular waiters from my former favorite restaurant in Franklin (closed, sadly) had landed there, so I know things were going to be good.Great brunch buffet - pretty much everything you could want.  Now this isn't uber fancy like a hotel brunch, but rather attractively dispalyed and hits the high notes.  Good salad, fruit, super yummy cheesey potatoes, eggs benedict, scrambled eggs, some of the best bacon hubby and I had ever eaten (really!), biscuits and gravy, chicken tenders, pancakes, fish almondine (trout maybe? couldn't remember) and desserts.  And for $15.Such a nice change of pace, and such a kudos for southern Williamson county.And one of the best "plus=es" in my book is they were busy, but not packed.  No wait, and it was just busy enough that the cooks were constantly replenishing everything on the bar, but noone really got in your way.  Add to that a mimosa, and yep, we'll be back for sure.
<review# 72,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/19/2014,6/21/2014,74,82,2,6,6>Have you ever just found a place that just gets it's right? I mean everything from customer service to stocked items. This grocery store has it all meat, seafood and even beer! I come to the Turnip Truck every morning. I always get a Jumping Jimmy which is a gift from the great people at Hatcher dairy. It combines delicious Hatcher chocolate milk with 32 grams of whey protein and 150mg of caffeine. It is absoultely they best way to start a day and an post workout recovery drink and I highly recomend you give it a chance. Every morning I walk in I see the same smiling faces which actually seem to enjoy their job. The store and the bathroom are always clean. I haven't tried the coffee there but I have sampled servial of the juice selections. The Gulch chicken salad is just short of amazing. I also have stopped in for lunch on their hotbar serveral times and as long as you get what you need and not what you want you will find it very reasonably priced. Everything here is organic and stocked full of local items. So if you live a healthy lifestyle and want the feel of an old time grocery store with good people and great groceries, hot food and deli then you really have no choice but to try this place. I don't throw out 5 star reviews often but this place has more than earned it. Also I have to give a shout out Nikki who is the most friendly and hard working front counter girl I have ever seen. Also the owner John has came up to me on several occasions and just asked if I needed anything and showed me several things that I might enjoy after seeing the items that I usually buy. He is personable and a genuinely good person with no "put on" nice guy attitude. Take the time and visit this store, you will be glad you listened to me!
<review# 73,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/1/2014,6/20/2014,149,113,3,7,5>To preface this review let it be know that I'm not very athletic. My high school PE coach once told me he thought badminton might be my sport. That being said, my roommate and a few friends talk up crossfit all the time so I figured I should see what the hype was about.My initial fitness level was probably average, high school sports days are way behind me, and regardless-- benchwarmer status. In Nashville I tried out some pure barre here and there, running, different spin classes, etc. but I hadn't committed to anything. I decided to give the Crossfit Forte intro class a try (first one is free) and here they teach you some of the basic moves and the accompanying form. Katelyn was the teacher and she was awesome. She was encouraging, and really really helpful to someone whose only athletic ability apparently reaches its limit with badminton.After the 101 intro class you can sign up to join the regular classes, its $139/ month for 3 days per week, and $169/ month for unlimited. In comparison to spin studios, barre studios, and other workout places around Nashville this is really a steal.I was sooo nervous for the first day of regular classes and for a quick minute I considered turning my car around and heading home and giving up on this new fitness venture. Luckily, I bit the bullet and went inside. Evan was the coach on the first day and he, just like Katelyn, was great. He made sure to introduce the new people to the class, explained each move as we went, and helped with modifications. Since the first day, the coaches have been nothing less than encouraging and supportive.The rest of the reviews really touch on how great this crossfit gym is. There have been a few events planned since I started and the community feel is no joke. People of all fitness levels workout at CrossFit Forte; the gym is fun and everyone is committed, helpful, and friendly.I am really happy with my decision to try out crossfit and join CrossFit Forte. It has only been a few weeks but I already feel somewhat athletic (say whaaat?!).
<review# 74,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,3/29/2014,6/19/2014,23,71,4,4,2>This is a rustic, cozy little place in Sylvan Park, which means the "lot" in front holds about three cars. But seriously? Just park down the street if you're there after 6pm. We walked maybe half a block, whoopie. Just allow 10 minutes extra time to navigate the cluster-phuck that is this neighborhood.  We went for dinner. Small but quality wine selection. My only suggestion for restaurants with good wine selections is to GET SOME DAMN QUALITY GLASSES. I'm freaking serious. I'm just about ready to start bringing my own from home, that is how much of a difference it makes. ANYWAY.We both had the Nonna salad with house made vinaigrette, which was very tasty with mixed greens, tomatoes and cukes. As far as dinner selections, it kind of fell flat for me. The entrees - aside from some kind of vegeterian lasagna and a seafood with fettuccine, there was no pasta on the entrees. It was all served on potato hash or risotto. In order to get pasta I had to "build my own." Now granted there is a good selection of pastas and sauces, to which you pay 4 extra bucks for chicken, sausage, or meatballs, 1 buck EACH to add a vegetable. SO, some pasta with sauce, grilled chicken and white mushrooms was some 18 dollars. The chicken was a total throwaway, just some grilled chicken they chopped up and grilled, flavorless, and just tossed it in. (I should have known better, I know.) The sauce was good though. My husband had the trout, which was pretty good, especially the lemon dill sauce. And we had tiramisu for dessert - now HOLY SHIT, it was delicious. Don't get me wrong, the food was good. The service was fantastic. They had so much staff there was a wine guy that edged in on the salad girl, who tripped over the water lady. I just felt it was overpriced for what it was. So, it gets an A-OK. But I will keep looking for my special occasion delicious Italian restaurant.(Re-reading this, I realize I sound like a cheapass. Well, I probably am.)
<review# 75,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/5/2014,6/18/2014,34,55,3,6,3>Cantina holds a special place in my heart because it's where my wife and I went on our very first date (cue "awwww"), and return to every Valentine's day. Sentimentally, it gets 5 stars simply because I can't rate it any higher. Objectively, it's probably closer to 3. I figured I'd split the difference and call it 4. The food really is delicious. I've never once walked away from a meal and thought "I wish that was better". I love the food. Atmosphere is great- it's big and open but still cozy and romantic. The service is very hit or miss. We've had outstanding service and we've had terrible service. The prices are definitely a tad too high. It's kind of like the Cheesecake Factory of Mexican places - Which can be interpreted as being amazing or terrible, depending on who you talk to.
<review# 76,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/23/2014,6/17/2014,500,733,,5,4>Pretty cool experience. I came to listen to the Music City Doughboys, Nashville's only Western Swing band other than the Time Jumpers.  It was a really good experience.  It cost $12 for the 2 hour performance.  Great deal.  Also, parking in the back is free.  And the Station Inn is located in the Gulch so lots of great hangouts for before and after.  I'm definitely coming back to listen to other country music or bluegrass performances... For a music venue that is so revered, the Station Inn is surprisingly unassuming, laid back, and very casual. It really seems like someone's cellar or something and they sell soda and pizza. Its basically a listening room, but it was actually really cool.
<review# 77,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/8/2014,6/16/2014,95,226,2,8,1>This place raises the Bar in Bar B Que!!!  I made the special trip to come to Peg Leg because i've been wanting to try it for quite some time after trying some durin g a competition. The BBQ does not disappoint!!!I sat at the bar and was helped out by a super friendly bar tender. Ol Peg Leg himself was sitting at the other end of the bar keeping an eye on things. Nice to see the owners taking an interest in your meal!I got some Brisket and Pulled Pork. MMMmmmmMMMmmmmMMMMMMM!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  GREAT STUFF!!!!  The Mac n Chee was so friggin good! I ate my Wife's side of it while she was in the restroom right as they brought our food out. When she got back and saw it missing, the bartender saw the fury and fire in her eyes and wisely adverted an X-Men like total destruction of the building by bringing her out another side of Mac n Chee. SMART!!!!!I also sampled some of their excellent bourbons. The three I had were bad to the bone! I can't find a single cotton pickin thing wrong with this place! Great food, Great service, and great Bourbon. A winning combo!!!
<review# 78,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/23/2014,6/15/2014,54,150,2,4,2>Oh man this place is nerdy fun. I came here on a weeknight with two guy friends and we shared 3 snacks (bacon popcorn, cajun tots, and feta fries -- we're all watching our figures - NOT) and got a drink then played some games. It was really fun! Our waitress explained the menu and brought everything fast and even brought me some ketchup (I LOVE KETCHUP). The food was realllllly salty but pretty good and creative. I had the PIc-a-Nic basket drink which is adorable and comes in a little honey bear.  I tried my friend's Old Fashioned which was delish as well and you really tasted the orange, which I loved. Now to the games! This place was decently packed for a Tuesday evening (around 10pm) but we still played 3 arcade games and shuffleboard and I didn't feel like we were pressured to quit or really had to wait for anything. It was actually awesome. It WAS cold in there, however, as smokers kept leaving through the back door and letting the POLAR VORTEX come blazing through the game area. Probs not Two Bits' fault though. I love that the games were free and everyone was really nice and chatty back in the game area. I only noticed the board games on my way out but those totes make me want to come back! I think this could be a fun date place (again, on a weeknight or off-time) or with those big booths in the back, a fun place to  bring a group of 6-8ish? and have a drink-fueled game fest. The crowd was pleasantly nerdy! Mid/late 20s nerdy/hipstery and ...mostly male? Don't get me wrong, that's not a dig; I am a grad student in computer science so it was kind of like my normal vibe. I liked it! I definitely will come back.
<review# 79,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/25/2014,6/14/2014,139,429,2,3,2>Fabulous restaurants keep popping up in our neighborhood!  We'd seen Epice on several walks and finally made it in to try their offerings.  If we hadn't seen it that way, I don't think it'd be very easy to find.  Minimal signage and if you're driving by it'd be incredibly easy to miss.  They serve upscale Lebanese food-which I'd never really sampled before as a concept.  We ordered a bottle of wine, a trio of hand pies, kafta and sayadeya (spiced fish fillet).  The entrees came with the peasant salad, which was beautiful and delicious, and were served with AMAZINGLY SPICED VEGETABLES.  Not in the 'hot' spicy way, but in the 'many spices were used that made them incredibly delicious' sort of way.The interior has a cool-industrial vibe, we were seated next to a concrete exterior wall.  Our waitress was very attentive and friendly.  It's pretty small-we breezed in without a reservation on a Thursday night and nearly didn't get a seat.  Excited to try their cute patio when it finally stops snowing.
<review# 80,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/5/2014,6/13/2014,46,758,3,8,1>I've lived in Nashville for almost 17 years now, and I FINALLY made it to the world famous Prince's Hot Chicken.  (It was even mentioned in an episode of Justified I recently watched!)Holy Hot Chicken Batman.  At the suggestion of the Cashier I got the Medium. I'm glad I did because that was some HOT Chicken.My personal complaint, and this IS ENTIRELY PERSONAL, is that the chicken is both hot spicy and hot temperature-wise.  You wait a LONG time. (I think we waited 55 minutes for our chicken) because that chicken is being cooked fresh, so when you get it, IT JUST FINISHED COOKING.Based on everything I've heard, and my experiences from my single visit, YOU WILL WAIT.Totally worth it.  I heard you can also call ahead, so if you have a time constraint you should consider this option.Also, and most importantly:  CASH ONLY. DO BRING CASH.
<review# 81,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/15/2011,4/2/2011,139,429,2,9,7>A visit to the Sunset Thursday night for the late night menu made me a happy, happy girl, and not just because of the excellent company.  Starting at 10 pm, the late night menu covers a wide variety of late night snack style foods.  We tried the chicken and black bean nachos with jalapeños...a most excellent choice.  The chips were toasty, covered with cheese and served with a salsa that was more sweet than spicy.  So aside from delicious salty foods, everyone knows that another (and maybe the best choice for a late night snack) is just a little bit sweeter.  And O.M.G. the dessert menu does not disappoint.  We ordered the carrot cake and it arrived, one half non traditional and seven halves delicious, as a carrot cake with vanilla ice cream sandwich.  Next time I visit, it's going to be a tough, tough decision as to whether I should get this again or try out one of the other twenty or so dessert offerings.They also offer an extensive wine list and daily specials.  1/2 off bottles of wine? Bring your friends, it sounds like a party!
<review# 82,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/5/2011,4/1/2011,106,374,2,6,5>My hair stylist, Morgan, moved from her former salon at J. Bangs to open her own place.  Of course, I followed her!  She is renting a salon space in a building that is just for that purpose--Sola Salons.  They have a lot of different stylists with their own businesses in the same building, just separate, very small, spaces.  Morgan is there with one other person.  She is still full-service as far as hair goes--cut, color, style.  No waxing or nail services as far as I know.  I like it better here though, because it's less stressful (very often I'm the only person there, and love to chat with Morgan.  Or, if I'm not feeling chatty, it's nice and quiet!).  Location is still good, though not as convenient for me.  It's in Belle Meade off Harding, in the same shopping center as Le Peep (for those who follow directions by using places to eat as landmarks, like me).  Morgan is currently taking walk-ins as well.  She also has a system that sends you texts and/or emails as appointment reminders, and you can book/change/cancel appointments online as well.  Easy!  I highly recommend.  Doesn't get the 5th star because of location, but that's it.
<review# 83,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/30/2010,3/30/2011,148,641,4,19,9>As far as community centers go this place is the bees knees! After my initial visit the other week, I knew I had to sign up for their monthly membership. There is just no way anyone on the east side cannot take advantage of this place.It's nice to see tax dollars being used for something that's not only really useful to the community, but also aesthetically pleasing. Within this sleek complex you can find a fitness center which includes free weights, machines, treadmills, stair masters, weight balls, jump ropes, and televisions. Also there is a lap pool which is about 4 lanes wide and appears to be heated. They have an indoor gym which is still sparkly and new. There are a couple community rooms including a classroom. BUT I think the coolest thing that this place offers is the raised track. YES, the building is designed with a indoor aerial 3 lane track, which loops around the gym and the fitness room. 12.5 laps will add up to one mile! It's an awesome space saving design. Every month the community center releases it's schedule. And like most community centers, they offer after school programs for kids, senior citizens programs, classes like zumba dance, yoga, and water aerobics for relatively small fees. They also have open basketball, indoor soccer, and lap time in the pool. There's a game room with a foosball table, pool table, and ping pong.SO if you take advantage of their monthly membership you get access to the whole facility without having to sign some long term contract, and fork over cash for a gym that doesn't even have a pool. PLUS every one of the employees I've encountered has been extremely friendly. I absolutely love this place, and firmly believe community centers can be cool, useful, and effective. East Park is a prime example of this. You'll find me here a heck of a lot.
<review# 84,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/11/2011,3/29/2011,15,96,,4,3>Ok, so I have to give a few premises, I used to live in San Diego where they have the most amazing zoos. So, hopefully, this review is not too critical.We decided the first time we went that we would buy a membership. By the time my husband and I paid for a day visit, you pay $10 more and you can get a family membership for a year. So, that's what we did. Considering that it's very inexpensive and you support your local zoo, we thought it was  a good choice.I've already been a few times and since we have the membership, I don't feel rushed to go see everything. The zoo is basically broken down into 3 different sections. The one with the house and farm animals, the african area (don't know the official name) and then a jungle type area. Sorry for the lack of technical terms. My favorite has been the jungle area and walking through the bamboo area. For Nashville, I believe this is a great zoo considering the climate we have. It is not the biggest zoo you will go to but it is not small either. Bring a lunch and a drink and enjoy your time there.Parking is free.
<review# 85,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/3/2011,3/28/2011,167,251,4,4,5>So a bunch of my guy friends have been raving nonstop about the lasagna and pizza here so when they invited me to check it out with them, I couldn't say no. The pizzas are a bit expensive, but they are huge, fresh, delicious, and worth it.  They will gladly make you a pizza half & half with the variety of toppings offered including artichokes (yum!) and spinach and all the regular meats.  I wasn't able to try any of their pastas or other dishes but I've heard great things about them.But, let me tell you, do not come here on an empty stomach expecting to order, get your food, and get out. There is a wait in line and a wait for the food. A long wait in anticipation for the food. A wait so long that every 5 minutes you're second-guessing whether or not they've forgotten your order. You'll play mind tricks on yourself, asking yourself over and over again, "Did she really hear my order? Did I give her my name? Did someone take our pizza? Did those guys come before us or after us? How come they got their food first? Will they run out of dough? Are they closing shop?" That being said, however, they won't forget your order.  I was a little concerned at first because we had to repeat our order twice; I almost got the impression that we were bothering her or troubling her by taking our order. But our pizza came out perfectly fine. Although, it took what seemed like an hour before it came out.And they don't forget you. We had been waiting there for a while (it made for a good time of catching up with old friends) and randomly, the lady from behind the counter motioned to my friend. No words, no yelling, just a simple head gesture, beckoning him to come forward. Silence. She hands him a plate of baked dough doused in some olive oil, fresh from the oven. The dough probably comes from leftovers from rolling pizzas, but boy did it whet our appetites.  It was deliciously fresh and irresistible.I've always wanted to act in a sitcom, and something about this place reminds me of the Soup Nazi in Seinfeld. Except it's the pizza Nazi. There aren't many wall decorations, just your average cafeteria-style small beginnings. No waiters or waitresses serving you on hand and feet. No one to bus your table for you or refill your Coke. And your regular table conversations will be interrupted by some backstage yelling between the workers or maybe at a customer. You might get a curt or rude word here or there--but it's all part of the experience. Don't come in a rush or with a naive spirit--this is New York Pizza we're talking about...don't expect that Southern hospitality.
<review# 86,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,2/5/2011,3/27/2011,35,79,2,3,4>At 3:00pm Burger Up gets five stars. At 8:30pm (on a Sunday), they get 2. (I don't round up)I'm sad I didn't write a review for my first visit to Burger Up this past summer. The food was amazing, the prices were reasonable, and the service was fantastic. I was weary walking in and seeing all the hipster servers, but they were very friendly and I scolded myself for judging books by their covers. My husband and I split the sliders 3 ways (which I always suggest for first timers), I had an heirloom tomato salad (my God, it was heaven!), and that's all I remember from our first encounter. We swore we would be back for the Krispy Kreme bread pudding. Now this past Sunday, we go back with a couple of friends. The hipsters are acting like hipsters. There's no turkey burgers (do they ever have this anymore? if not, please put the aioli on ANYTHING else, that shiz is delicious!), no sweet potato fries, and apparently no ice. It takes forever to get our food. No one else at the table had any complaints, so I guess I was just lucky. The bison burger was pretty good, but had way too much cheese. The s'more tiramisu was great, until I got to the giant hunk of mascarpone that hadn't been whipped. But thankfully, the Krispy Kreme bread pudding was there to save the day. Even cold, it was still delicous.My recommedation: go to Burger Up, just go for a late lunch.
<review# 87,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/17/2010,3/26/2011,69,295,4,4,3>I took advantage of a groupon's special and decided to try a man for the first time ever. It took a while before I was able to get an appointment because they were booked up two months in advanced. So worth the wait though!On the day of my appointment, I walked in and fell in love with the fragrance throughout the store. It was Molecule 01. Planning to buy a bottle next time I'm in there.   As for the Massage Spa, very relaxing to every degree and the staff was very friendly. I'd recommend this place as the best place to get a swedish massage. Andy you R-O-C-K! I have never had someone as thorough who pays attention to the detail of the art. I was comfortable to every sense of the word. I was so relax afterwards that I was speechless and I was weak in the knee. No exaggeration! :)I will be back again and again. Highly recommend this place for your next Private Edition! :)
<review# 88,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/27/2011,3/25/2011,122,201,5,4,5>When you say endless pizza, I say - TELL ME MORE. The lunch buffet here will be sure to impress. What is great about Taste of Italy is both the thematic Italian checkered decor and the addition of traditional items on the buffet. Many Italians make their salad with olives, tomato, onion, garlic and chopped lettuce covered in Italian Dressing (that is oil, vinegar and herbs). Taste of Italy has this on the salad bar as well as the make your own salad fixings. They typically have a meat, cheese and vegetable pizza on the buffet. Also, they buffet has meatballs, spaghetti, red sauce, a baked pasta, a pasta with chicken and pasta with Alfredo. For just under $10, you can eat enough to cover the expense of dinner. The staff are very attentive and will consider requests. Buon divertimento!
<review# 89,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/20/2010,3/24/2011,888,249,2,7,4>You can't go wrong EVER with J Alexanders for a business lunch or a dinner night with friends.  For lunch, I'm a huge fan of the chicken sandwich.  For dinner, the pork loin and rattlesnake pasta are always solid choices.J Alexander's wait staff understand the art of stealth service.  You rarely see them drop off a refill and they never insert themselves into the conversation.  Each are obviously trained to be efficient, kind and thorough.Dessert.  Oh my, the desserts.  Two of my favorite desserts in the Nashville area are here.  Carrot Cake.  Chocolate Bar Cake.  It's a hard choice, but the carrot cake typically wins.My only criticism is the dining room is way too dark for lunch.  It hurts walking outside in the sun after.  Also, I've had a few hit or miss meals, but by far, the majority of the meals have been great.
<review# 90,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/5/2011,3/23/2011,156,282,4,9,4>I love this gym.  I haven't visited other area Y's, but I'd go on a limb in saying this is probably one of the best (if not the best) large gyms in Nashville.  Now, I never saw the gym before it's major reconstruction within the last couple years.  All I've got to go on is how it is currently, and it's TERRIFIC.  There is a two level fitness area, two large levels of cardio machines, weights and weight machines, and two small areas for stretching/free weights/etc.  I wish these areas were a little bigger, or that the class studios were open to the public between classes so I could have access to a larger selection of free weights/resistance bands/bosu balls. Oh, the classes.. the variety of classes is astonishing - yoga, sculpting, lower body sculpting, cycling, yoga AND cycling in one class, step aerobics, a ballet-inspired toning class...  One of the class studios is dedicated to yoga and pilates ONLY.  The only complaint I have is that when a heart-pumping high energy cardio class is going on next door - I can hear/feel the thumping of the dance music a little IN the yoga room, while I'm doing yoga.  Not exactly the greatest environment for the most Zen of moments... But the Y is the most affordable yoga class alternative I'm aware of. The locker rooms are large, and there are not only showers but a sauna, steam room, hair dryers, cosmetic mirrors (in the ladies' locker room, of course).  And right outside of the locker room is a shoe shine station, and I just found out today you can drop off your dry cleaning at the Y!  Wow, it's like an all-in-one YMCA.  My experience with Y's has NOT been like this in the past.  There's a play area for kids, a youth activity center downstairs, a basketball court, a pool, and a phenomenal fitness area filled with the latest technology in equipment.  And yes, it's affordable and there's a sliding scale when it comes to the monthly cost if you're within a particular income bracket.  At the downtown you do have to pay for parking, and paying the $8/mo fee rather than the $5/day is totally worth it.  There are no contracts with the Y either, so you can stop and start up again whenever.It's remodeled, it's urban, it's got everything you need in a gym and more.  The Y is no longer the gym you have to settle for!
<review# 91,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/7/2010,12/28/2010,53,213,7,3,6>Death! That's what is better than House of Yum. Sweet Emo death. Yup!Anyway, House of Yum has a nice ambiance to it. One does not realize that there is a decent patio seating from the outside, but one is advised to sit out. In the cool evenings, with the Nashvillean wind rustling through one's hair, sipping their (slightly expensive) Poochi Poochi sparkling sake, staring at the purple roof that is the evening sky, one is expected to dissolve into a sublime state of Nirvana in SWHoY's patio. One orders their Asian Wonton Nachos and one eases into a soft and delectable gustatory cushion where one's senses are pampered. A vegetarian is invited to sup royally here and without condescence (fuck ya, I made that word up) as umpteen choices swarm and flood the brain. The Summer Rolls or the Holy Basil Lo mein? The Mushroom and Bean Sprout Teriyaki or the Vegetarian Tempura. Fuck it! I'll eat 'em all! And I'll be back because I haven't tried it all. The dessert...Banana Bread Brownie infused with Cognac is worth it. One is welcome.
<review# 92,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/9/2010,12/27/2010,34,110,3,4,6>Drove by this place one time before I slammed on the breaks and pulled right in. I'll start by saying this- love ice cream almost as much as I love sleep so it's hard to disappoint me in this category. This ice cream is awesome- creamy, cold, sweet. How can you go wrong? I got the Red Velvet in a waffle cone and pretty much inhaled it. Can't wait to go back! Welcome to Berry Hill, Pied Piper! :)
<review# 93,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,10/11/2010,12/26/2010,105,230,9,6,4>I really want to Signature Nails a higher mark, but DAMN do they think their waxing is stellar. I better be hairy as an Amazonian to justify paying $25 for you to rip my underarm hair out. Looks like I'm going back to the days of buying hard wax from Ulta and performing my own personal waxes in Salon de Ali.Now that I'm done ranting, the perks of Signature are as follows: huge salon, fancy interior, tons of mani/pedi booths and complimentary wine.
<review# 94,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/11/2010,12/25/2010,107,187,5,4,5>Once upon a time there was a girl in a snow storm. She was cold and she was hungry. She saw so many lights but one light stood out....Kalamatas. She walked in the door and was instantly greeted by the wonderful staff. The store was filled with happy and warm people. It was nice enough to be a bistro but casual enough to be fast food. She ordered the mediterranean salad with grilled vegetables and a garlic knot at the counter. She sat gleefully by the window while the friendly staff came by to bring her the tasteful meal and dropped by often to check on her. And she lived happily ever after.
<review# 95,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/11/2010,12/24/2010,26,67,2,5,5>this place is awesome. it's old enough that when i am there, i can imagine my father there a gazillion years ago when he was a kid, and there aren't many places still around like that. and they show independent movies, which from what i've seen in my 15 months in nashville, is way outside the norm. we went the other night to see fritz lang's 1927 metropolis, with live score performed by the alloy orchestra, and it was a sold out house, and a truly memorable performance.on top of all that, they have a full bar so you can have a real drink with your popcorn. seriously! that's incredible and makes any movie more enjoyable. please support this place so it's around for many more years to come.
<review# 96,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/1/2010,12/23/2010,194,461,4,6,5>Cha...CHAH!  I don't know what these people are talking about with their mediocre reviews.  The place is solid!  It also has a lot of fried foods, you need to be prepared for that, if you don't like fried small plates don't go there and please don't write some bad review because of it!  Also tapas menus tend to change, it's good when they change, it means someone is back in the kitchen experimenting with food!  I thought that's what you want out of a chef?  Sometimes they hit, sometimes they miss, but at least they are trying.  So, we had Chris, he was awesome!  We were supposed to have someone else but they were busy so he took us instead.  This was settled in literally two minutes.  He gave recommendations, he was chatty, and most of all he was prompt and very nice!The food.  We went small plates.  The humus is great but it is home made so it's different, either way I really liked it.  I also LOVED the butter fried potatoes with aioli.  The octopus was yummy (not fried), the chickpea cod is a stand out.  It was like baby fish and chips and not fishy like cod can be.  We rounded out or dinner with quail wings and chorizo croquettes.  The total bill with tip, FYI we tip 20%, was $72 and that included two beers and two glasses of wine.  We were pleasantly full and as per my usual trips to tapas places I did not need to stop for a burger after.Again solid place with a great ambiance and outside patio that is money!
<review# 97,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/29/2010,12/22/2010,81,46,3,5,5>Continuing my enlightened journey for all things "Q"d in Nashville, i've come across Hog Heaven.  I've been here in the past but I wanted to get a more recent experience in which to review.  First off, I did not mess around with any sides on this visit, and focused entirely on the Ribs and Pulled Pork.  The Pulled Pork sandwich was good and tender, but like some of the reviews mentioned it lacked something.  Maybe smoke or that succulent porky flavor but i couldn't put my finger on it. Getting slaw on the sandwich is a must since it added that contrast in texture that it needs.  The second item I conquered was the Ribs. They were spare ribs, and fall off the bone tender.  Now these puppies had some serious smoky flavor to them, so much though I could still smell smoke on my fingers even a couple of hours after my meal.  I sincerely hope they don't use liquid smoke to compensate for any lack of flavor.  I'm not saying they do, but regardless it was a tasty rib. Now these Ribs don't have significant bark on them and the bones themselves did have a certain give to them.  These small details lead me to believe they use steam to keep them moist, and not the natural juices of a perfectly BBQ'd rib.   The white sauce is an interesting condiment as well.  Overall i give the sandwich a 3 and the Ribs a 4, plus a half point for the white sauce making it a solid 4.  Cha-Cha Check it out!
<review# 98,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/22/2010,12/21/2010,55,201,3,10,5>Forget about that frozen yogurt craze, you're not coming to Hot & Cold to be calorie conscious.  You're coming here for decadent real ice cream provided by Jeni's Splendid Ice Cream from Ohio, paletas, and a serious coffee fix.  Hot & Cold is the new creation  of Nashville's own coffee king pin, owner of the Bonjo Java enterprise, and his wife of Las Paletas fame-Irma.  The shop once housed the now gone Smooth King.  Let's be honest, the real reason you'll come here is for Jeni's ice cream.  Nothing in Nashville can touch this frozen treat.  We tried the lemon yogurt, the dark chocolate, the brown butter almond brittle, and the salty caramel.  Everything was beyond good.  I won't go into too much more detail, you'll just need to experience it for yourself.  Jeni's ice cream was also featured on Food Networks - " The Best Thing I Ever Ate".  Unfortunately, they didn't have Queen City Cayenne or Bangkok Peanut yet.  I'll will certainly be back when they do. And side note: you can add a shot of chocolate, or espresso to your ice cream or paleta for $1.50.
<review# 99,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/16/2010,12/20/2010,627,968,10,10,10>I'm not going to lie - I wanted to hate on The Patterson House.  In my mind it was snobby pretension - can't go in behind the curtain, can't send drinks to a lady without approval, can't do this, can't do that.  I hate being told what to do.  Plus I kind of like my bars dirty, divey, smoky, and rowdy so I just knew this place was going to be DB central with the blazer circuit crowd annoying me from the get-go.  But I was in the mood for an adventure so I suggested it anyway.  I even wore my velvet blazer damn it!! I was soooooooooooooooooooooooooooo wrong.  I am a big girl, I can admit it.  Atmosphere was casual - I wore jeans but other people were in work attire or going out attire too.  Seemed to be more of a starting place for the evening or a great place for a date or a small group of friends to get together.  I didn't feel a bit of pretentiousness from anyone - staff or clientele - which was totally opposite of what I expected.We got there at about 615pm on a Friday night so the place was fairly empty and we were seated right away by a very pleasant and friendly hostess.  I loved that she sat us at the corner of the bar - always the best spot in my opinion.  They put the menu down in front of you and the bartender said hi and let us peruse the menu on our own until we were ready.I ordered the bourbon with the Benton's bacon flavoring and maple syrup.  The bartender told all about how they make the bacon flavor and presented it in a old fashioned glass with a huge ice sphere.  I normally do not drink dark liquors, but I loved it.  The bacon and syrup pretty much masked the bourbon taste enough that I didn't get that nasty face going that I usually make when someone slips me some whisky.We also had some snacks.  We tried the tater tots which were perfectly fried and not greasy.  The sliders had mushrooms and onions and a perfectly toasted bun.  The shrimp corndogs were a nice play on shrimp and grits and the curry ketchup that came with them got absolutely devoured by me...on my burgers, on the tots, on everything.  I want that ketchup at my house STAT!  I ordered a gin drink next and whatever was in it, it was delicious.  My brother and I were perusing the menu trying to find his next drink and we were commenting to ourselves about "WTF is that liquor?" and the bartender, without saying anything or acting like he heard us, got that particular liquor bottle and poured a taste.  My bro also tried to order a certain drink and the bartender said "do you really want that one?  Let me show you" and he pulls out the mixer and lets him taste it.  My bro said "tastes like kind of flat coke" and the bartender wisely nodded and said yes, why pay $11 for what is, in essence, a bourbon and coke.  He was right and the drink finally chosen was great.I cannot stress enough how great this bartender was.  Not only with his drink mixing powers, but his absolute ability to anticipate need before you even think to ask about it or even know you need it.  I think he might be Bacchus himself.  He even came up with the name of the bar that I couldn't remember on Music Row.  He saw all, he knew all, and he kicked ass.  He took a 4.5 star and brought it up to a 5++ star.  It didn't hurt that he was easy on the eyes and reminded me of Adam Levine from Maroon 5 either.  In a sentence, I LOVE HIM.  You must go to the Patterson House.  Have a small girls night with a couple of friends.  Bring a date there.  Bring yourself there.  Just go, sit at the bar, and bow to the gods of fabulous beverages.
<review# 100,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/9/2010,12/18/2010,90,83,4,10,5>Tribe is the bar, in my opinion, is one of the best bars I've ever been to - bar none.The atmosphere, the bartenders, the drinks, the music and the food - all fantastic.  The facilities are immaculate and the bathrooms are nice and usually very clean.  But, like every place - there are times to go that are better than others.  So, let me recommend this:  If you are someone who likes to go to a bar late - don't go to Tribe.  Tribe is a bar, not a dance club.  You'll likely see people in there until around 10:30 - 10:45.  Then you'll notice people start to filter out and around 11pm its pretty much dead.  This is due to the dance bar next door, Play.  They have a show that starts at 11.  So, the way my friends and I handle things are we go to Tribe first - usually around 9 or 930.  Have a few drinks there - listen to music, chat, whatever.  Then around 11 we filter out to another bar.  Sometimes Play, sometimes some of the other bars down church street.  But it is NOT a good place to be late - unless you enjoy sparse crowds.  Now, onto the drinks and costs associated with them:I usually get a Mandarin Vodka with some cranberry juice and that runs me 6.50.  Sometimes I get a vodka-red bull.  They will open the red bull for you and charge you for the whole can and sometimes give you the rest of the can after they make the drink.  However, you can ask them to keep the other half for you so your next drink will cost less (since you already paid for the red bull).  They do have drink specials for happy hour(s).  Its best to check the website tribenashville.com for events and drink specials.  Currently on mondays they have SIN night (Service Industry Night) - 3 dollar drinks and 5 dollar appetizers.  Wednesdays they have 2 dollar well and Smirnoff Drinks and on sundays they have 5 dollar pitchers from 4-10pm.  But that is always changing.  Also, I should mention - it is 21 and up, non-smoking inside and no cover.  If you are there on a weekend night - It can be difficult to get a drink.  However, I have a system that always seems to work: Go to the bar just outside of the main room.  Usually there aren't as many people at this bar and you can get served faster.  Also, if you don't know good bar etiquette yet - here is a tip.  Go to the bar with cash or card in hand - keep your eye on the bartender until he looks at you and when he does - smile.  He'll then say something like "Just one sec" and finish doing whatever he is doing and then come to you.  If you aren't making eye contact they won't know to come to you.  So, don't get upset if they pass you over.  Always try to make eye contact. For 2010 Tribe was also voted in the Nashville Scene (a local independent newspaper) best gay bar, best pick up bar, best place to meet a man, best martini, best dj, best bartender and even best lesbian bar!  So, you can see its a great place to go!
<review# 101,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/22/2011,3/12/2012,113,78,4,8,5>I have an Italian friend whose standards of Italian food are extremely high.  He refuses to go to Buca, or Maggianos....anything like that.  Food snob?  Maybe, but I don't care.  I kind of agree with him when comparing "real" Italian, and Italian created by Americans.  He is the one who introduced us to Porto (and to Bella Napoli).  When you go to Porto, and you don't have a reservation - sometimes even if you do, you will have a wait.  There isn't much room to wait either, which can be frustrating.  Look past this, and get excited for a delish meal.We begin our dining experience by selecting a bottle of wine to share.  Then we get the Piatto Misto - a sampling of Italian style meats, vegetables and cheese (yum), served with focaccia bread.  It is delicious every time.  If my hubby and I split a pizza, we usually get a salad too.  They're all pretty good.  I enjoy the Caesar.  Regarding pizza, they're all good.  I enjoy the MARGHERITA D.O.C.  It's $13, which is $4 more then the regular Margherita, but it's worth it.  The D.O.C. has real ingredients flown in from Italia:  Pomodoro di San Marzano, Mozzarella di Bufala, fresh cherry tomatoes, and Basilico.  My only gripe is they occasionally put on too much Olive Oil - so ask for easy oil.  And trust me...DO NOT LEAVE without gelato.  My fav combo:  Dark Chocolate and Pistachio.  YUMMY!
<review# 102,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/1/2011,3/11/2012,40,114,,16,3>I was shopping around for a tint shop and notice this shop was ridiculously close to work and decided to give the a try.  After calling and setting up an appointment for the next morning I went by and dropped my car off.  The owner was meticulous in describing the different levels of tint and I made what I think was an excellent choice of tint and received a very reasonable quote for what I considered a little bit larger car.  He gave me an estimated time it would be done and actually called me early to inform me the car was done.  I think I'm a pretty good judge of character and its easy to see why this guy has been in the tint industry for so long.  George is very personable and I actually spent a little time there just shooting the bull about car and business stuff.  I haven't bought tint in quite a while and am very satisfied with the quality of the tint and work, I was even more impressed I could actually roll my windows down that day.  I will absolutely be back if I need anything else tinted.
<review# 103,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/6/2012,3/10/2012,96,336,4,7,3>I sure am glad that Nashville can look forward to Restaurant Week each year. It gives it's fine residents a chance to get out and try restaurants it normally wouldn't. My girlfriend and I took full advantage of the discounts that local eateries were offering. Some good, some not so good. Yellow Porch was great! Do not be discourage by its rather strange location, out by 100 Oaks. It's total worth the adventure out there. The first thing that I noticed, was that the porch was not yellow. So, I'm wondering where the name came from. Maybe it use to be yellow, or there are future plans to paint it yellow. Maybe I should stop rambling on about the color of the porch and get to the important stuff. The food. The food was wonderful. The deal was $20 for an appetizer, salad or dessert and an entree. You should also know that they have a great wine list. We started with the Sweetwater Tennessee Cheddar Fritters and the Port Poached Sun-dried Cherry Salad. I expected the cheddar fritters to be extremely rich. But, they were not at all. I probably couldn't eat a whole serving by myself, but splitting those fritters with that salad was perfect. For dinner L had the Seared Salmon on roasted New Potatoes, roasted Asparagus, Crayfish, Creole Mustard and Baby Arugula with a Tarragon Creamy Vinaigrette and  Lobster Butter. And I had the Paella; fresh Fish and Shellfish simmered in a rich spicy broth with Saffron Rice, Onions, Peppers and Tomatoes. What's not to love about either of those entrees? Just thinking about them makes me want to detach from my computer and head down to Yellow Porch right now.Sorry to report, we didn't have any of the desserts they were offering. After eating almost every bit of our dinners, there was no room for any sweets. As much as we wished there was. And to top it all off, the service was top notch. Our server was extremely friendly and welcoming. He was helpful with helping up choose between a few different wines and entrees. What a great experience overall. I cant wait to return and see if the porch is yellow.
<review# 104,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/7/2012,3/9/2012,139,236,5,5,3>HOLY $#!T THEY HAVE LIQUOR EVERYWHERE!!!  You will feel like Hunter S. Thompson MOMENTS before his weekend binge begins when you walk in here.  The selection is overwhelming (not for me as it's Whiskey or Bourbon..sometimes Rum..rarely Vodka...NEVER Gin) but the staff is great in helping you pick the one that helps their bottom line if you don't care or your bottom line if you are a cheap ass.  They have wine tastings that come along periodically and you can get updates on Twitter/Facebook/Email or whatever other way you like to be overwhelmed by social media to find out about these events.  I honestly don't care which liquor store I go to because I'm usually there for the same thing I always get....like Father like Son I guess...RIP Dad.
<review# 105,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/11/2011,3/8/2012,10,306,6,7,2>Cole slaw is typically underrated, because most cole slaw is bland and forgettable.But the cole slaw at Nana's is the Superman of cole slaws, able to leapfrog tired stereotypes in a single spoonful. It's good. You should get it.This is a table service meat-and-three. Service was really pleasant and friendly. The mains (chicken and dumplings for me, fried chicken tenders for my wife) were good, but I think we would both order different things next time. I realized that I'm just not a huge chicken and dumplings fan. I think that Nana's is about as good as chicken and dumplings could get, and I still thought it was just OK. My wife liked her fried chicken tenders, but the portion size was a little small (by local standards).All the sides were pretty good, but in addition to the cole slaw, I'd say that the fried apples and turnip greens were my other favorites. Prices are very reasonable at less than $8 for a meat-and-three. The pie was one of the best pieces of pie I've had in years. We shared a piece of coconut meringue. The meringue was light as air and incredibly tall. It was just great and ridiculously good value at ~$2.25 per piece.Oh and let's not forget the free hot cornbread appetizer. Dense? Yes. Oily? A bit. Delicious? ABSOLUTELY. We ate two baskets full.Total bill for this extravaganza, including tip? ~$20. I needed a nap afterwards. Really good place. What could make it better? I can think of only three pet peeves:- There was no fried okra as a side dish option. I love fried okra and think it should be a regular choice. Maybe it's an occasional special? Maybe it will make an appearance when it's season in the summertime?- The parking situation could be challenging. Near as I can tell, the only place to park is in the front of the building right off Nolensville Pike. Now, Nolensville Pike is only ~30 mph in this area, but it could still be tough backing out into traffic, I imagine. We actually went around 2 p.m. and so there was hardly anyone else there and we could easily turn around rather than backing out.- There were a couple of flies buzzing about. I know it's hard to prevent flies altogether, but it's really off-putting when you're trying to enjoy a meal without sharing it with a fly. I don't want the restaurant to spray pesticides everywhere, but I hope that Nana's can find a relatively non-toxic solution. Flypaper? Better screens on windows or doors? Bug zapper? This isn't a huge problem at the moment, but even a couple of flies merits a one-star downgrade.At the checkout, a man and woman who I believe were the owners really seemed to care as to whether we had enjoyed our meal. There's a really nice vibe of warm Southern hospitality here. I hope that Nana's thrives in Nolensville. If you like meat-and-threes, it's worth driving from Nashville, Brentwood or Franklin to check it out.
<review# 106,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/10/2012,3/7/2012,42,125,3,16,7>You know, I've never written a review quite like this one but after today, I knew I had to.  Over the summer, I adopted a kitten that a friend of mine had fostered through a rescue organization in another state. I eventually learned the hard way that the rescue organization wasn't on the up and up when I got ringworm from my adorable little kitten right before I needed to leave town. The result was that I could no longer leave her in friends' care and would now have to board both her and my other cat for two weeks--a ridiculously expensive situation. On top of everything, someone from Murphy Rd Animal Hospital had left me cheery test results on my voicemail which led me to believe that the cat didn't have ringworm, so that I didn't treat it from the beginning and allowed it to spread to myself, two friends, and my other cat. But of course when I called to find out how much it would cost to board the cats, it was going to be about $400. I started doing a lot of research, as I'm a grad student and was in a very underpaid summer job and really couldn't afford this expense. Hell, I couldn't even afford groceries at the time. Eventually someone recommended another vet to me, but they were too expensive too, and they suggested PetMed. When they told me the grand total for boarding my cats for 12 days, including administering medicine to them, it was so much less than what my vet was going to charge. I had already decided that I was going to try to get my vet to charge me for just one cat, or something like that, since the cats wouldn't need boarding at all if it weren't for a negligent voicemail. Fortunately, the vet ended up agreeing with me, and I went ahead and stuck with them for boarding since I live in Nashville. (The truth is though, the vet somehow ended up charging me more than I'd expected and I probably would have been better off at PetMed.)Well, on the nonstop-fun roller-coaster ride that is life with a kitten from a shady rescue organization, the kitten that I was told was spayed just went into heat yesterday. I already know that it will be expensive to spay her at Murphy Rd. So I called Hillsboro, because I have friends who take their pets there and have nothing but good things to say about them (would that I'd known): $188. Yikes! So I scrolled through my phone contacts and called PetMed to see what PetMed would charge after reading the terrible reviews of ValueVet. Not only was PetMed cheaper: $122 despite the fact that I've never been in, so no additional new-patient charge or office-visit charge, *but* the woman on the phone also directed me to the friendsofanimals.org website so that I could get a low-cost spay certificate ($65) to save even more. People, on the basis of customer service alone, this is so far beyond what I'm used to, especially after all my bad dealings with Murphy Rd. I have not been in to PetMed yet, but let me tell you, the fact that they would go out of their way to accommodate sick kitties and poor cat owners and are so patient to answer my litany of questions on the phone makes me absolutely willing to drive to Antioch from Nashville for their service.UPDATE (2/4/12): I went in almost two weeks ago to get my kitten spayed and the staff was just as great in person as they were on the phone. I was really impressed with the facility, the staff at the front, the ease making the appointment, and with the doctor I saw. They called to let me know she was doing OK after the procedure, were really helpful explaining everything I needed to do at home once I picked her up after the surgery, and were just really great all around. I will not bother with anyone else in Nashville. They have proven themselves completely trustworthy of my animals.
<review# 107,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/10/2012,3/6/2012,32,72,9,13,7>I used Flight Park for the first time in December when I was flying to Columbus for the night. I parked the car, they took me to the airport...and while I was gone they got my oil changed (for a fee, of course).When I got back, they picked me up, had my car ready and running in the cold for me to drive home.I believe it costs 12 bucks a day (if I remember correctly), but again - that includes curbside dropoff and pick up at the airport and they don't make you wait too long. You can pay slightly more to have your car inside, but I've found that my car is actually a machine without emotions and doesn't rightly care whether or not it is inside or out. If your car was manufactured by Knight Industries, you may have different results.I used them again in January and again, no hitches.The only downside I've found is that their online reservation system is essentially meaningless. Both times I've been there after reserving online, I've still had to give my full schpiel of informationOne should note that they use the Parkway Service Center across the street for any oil changes. The business itself is located in an old department store or grocery store that has been gutted and turned into parking...I honestly cannot remember what used to be there.
<review# 108,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/30/2012,3/5/2012,112,15,8,9,7>This review has nothing to do with their food and is all about the debauchery that takes place at the UPSTAIRS bar. It's definitely my "Cheers", so I'm emotionally biased but trust me, I'm not doing this for bartender-browniepoints.Over the last decade, "the night to go" to this designer-treehouse-esque** establishment has shifted around to just about every day of the week, so it's tough to recommend a time to try it... but last Friday was rockin'!The uniquely wavy half-circle bar makes it easy to see and talk to everyone. The decor is done in earth-tones and feels ultra cozy in candlelight. The music bumps but not too loud for conversation.. and when they open up the huge perimeter windows and a loft level breeze blows through on a crisp summer night? MAN... It makes me feel like a dog with his head out the passenger side window. Not that the wind is strong enough to make your cheeks flap, I'm just trying to convey the intense purity of this simple pleasure. It gets to me on that level and I love it.A few moments at The Boundry will likely be included in what flashes before my eyes right before I die. I've literally laughed 'till I cried here with close friends, regulars and the all-star staff... So if you drive by and see the lights on upstairs with silhouettes of people having a good time, join them!**they had to remove the tree that grew through the floors and ceilings. :/
<review# 109,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/30/2011,3/4/2012,137,58,,6,4>The ONLY true Bikram yoga studio in the Nashville area. They are now in the process of opening a Nashville location. This place is fantastic. I am not a yogi of any shape or form by any means and I will admit that I struggle and this class kicks my butt. It really helps that somehow the teachers remember your name and they encourage you through the poses. I am certainly going to stick with it. Don't forget your matt, towel, and plenty of water as the room is heated.
<review# 110,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/3/2011,3/3/2012,9,57,2,3,2>Ordered a meatball calzone and mushroom pie. Yea. It was just for me. Yea!! I know!!...I have a problem. Anyway, bottom line: Great pizza, delicious calzone, friendly staff!Parking is horrible, but that's not their fault. Wish the hours were better!!I'll be back.
<review# 111,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/13/2013,4/11/2013,159,379,,8,7>Sometimes I think about what it must have been like to live in a bygone era where people worked hard at being great at one thing: carpenter made furniture, a blacksmith worked metal, the baker baked bread, and the farmer worked the land. Today, we buy our bread at the same place we can purchase deodorant and birth control. At homestyle bakery, I can assure you of one things: they are great at making cakes.HomeStyle Bakery does one thing...they bake and they do well. They have a couple of large glass cases with a variety of baked goods. The cookies, doughnuts, and cupcakes have a fresh taste that doesn't have a "boxed" taste. My favorite thing about this place is that you "eat cake" without having to buy a big ole cake. Imagine the finest wedding cake ever, by the slice at a reasonable price! The cream frosting is perfect because it is not overly sweet. The cake is tender, moist, and tastes incredible. This place models what it must have been like when people did one thing and wanted to do it with perfection...this place is the perfect cake place.It is worth the drive from anywhere in town. For those old Nashvillians that miss the "real" Beckers would find that this place is a great substitute.
<review# 112,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/13/2013,4/10/2013,50,357,,5,6>I am only giving 4 stars not because I'm not impressed with this place, or delighted that it's in our little village, but because I'm excited to see what it becomes! It opened just a little while ago, and I've had a chance to go a few times and to take some friends and family. I was aware for the past couple of years that Old Hickory boasted its own coffee roastery and that several local coffee shops served its coffee, but I had never actually tasted how fantastic it was until recently. The coffee blows the local competition out of the water. I can't say it plainer than that. if you have some loyalty to one of the other local coffee brands, consider having an open mind and tasting Jacob's Well's coffees. It has everything coffee should have: flavor, aroma, a caffeine kick, and most importantly, no bitter aftertaste. It's just yummy, yummy, yummy. This business seems to be doing a lot of great things. I know they have had art openings, a pizza night, and some other community-centered events. Old Hickory Village desperately needs this kind of gathering place, as sometimes even an active Facebook neighborhood page can't complete with a real life meeting place The inside is comfortable and eclectic, and I think is still going through improvements and changes. I haven't been this week, but I know they have started providing food and have also installed a much needed menu board. I am anxious to see this place succeed and believe it has a lot of community support. The other things they are doing are fabulous, but as a total coffee nut, I can definitely say you can't beat the coffee.
<review# 113,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/9/2012,4/9/2013,79,208,,4,7>Had a very pleasant dining experience at Tavern tonight. We arrived at 5 pm and it was pretty dead. It's a big place with a nice outdoor patio and a side patio that can be indoor/outdoor depending on the weather. The vibe seems pretty cool and laid back. Rock music and low lighting get a thumbs up in my book. I decided to try a sangria while I browsed over the menu. It did not disappoint. Very fresh and tasty. I decided on The Tavern burger with sweet potato fries. The burger was delicious! It's served on a "meltaway" bun which basically is just a really soft and yummy bun. The sweet potato fries were good as well. Not soggy at all which seems to happen a lot with sweet potato fries. The boyfriend really enjoyed his meal as well but I'll let him tell you about that in his own review. :) Because the dinner was so good, I decided to order a dessert, too. I opted for the cinnamon bread pudding with vanilla gelato on top. It was also delish! It was the perfect amount of sweetness and comfort to end my meal. Service was quick and friendly, food was good, and the atmosphere was relaxing. We will definitely be back.
<review# 114,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/24/2012,4/8/2013,228,720,,6,3>Tony and I was on one of our drives and we had noticed this BBQ place before, so we decided to stop and check it out. The Big Pink Pig outside was a real draw to the restaurant for ME anyway..and the smoker outside giving off a Savory Smokey Aroma was the hook that reeled us in.We went inside and it was really large and HODGE PODGE decor..which had a real homey feel about it.  We opted to take the food home and eat, we do that a lot, but it was nice inside and clean..if we weren't so tired from our drive, we might have ate there, but decided not too.We ordered the Smokey Brisket Dinner with sides, and then we ordered some BBQ Ribs with some sides.  The food was really good. We also got some samples of their different sauces, the Cole slaw was really good and so was the baked beans. Tony enjoyed the mac n cheese, it was really cheesy and tasted home made. The cole slaw ws definitely home made. and enjoyed it a lot.I would eat here again. We liked the food. We like to try different restaurants, and there are so many to choose from in Nashville. So, we might eat there again. I enjoyed it a lot and highly recommend it so  others. I hope someone likes my review..I try to share as much as possible.We ate here in August 2012..
<review# 115,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/23/2012,4/7/2013,72,119,,4,4>i never thought I would order mac and cheese as my main dish at a restaurant but at Mad Donna's it was worth it!I had the mac with the truffles...oh so good and rich! My friend had the shrimp and grits and he loved his as well. We were going for a late fast lunch and they did us right here. I have been here twice before, once simply for drinks and an art show up stairs, which was really fun. The other time I had the turkey and cranberry sandwich, which was good, but after having the mac and cheese...what sandwich? I heard they also have drag shows here as well, well that sounds like a blast...in the words of Arnold, I'll be back.
<review# 116,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/16/2012,4/6/2013,38,244,,6,4>I am so in love with the Stone Fox!  After hearing many good things about this little gem, I went for Sunday brunch a few weeks ago with my boyfriend, and I was immediately charmed by the mismatched vintage decor and furniture.  So cozy and charming, yet bright and inviting with the big windows and natural lighting.  We sat in a little nook to the left of the main entrance, and I ordered the breakfast enchilada while my man was adventurous and ordered the waffle of the day: a hamburger, chocolate chip waffle with bacon!  We also got fancy and ordered mimosas, coffee, and biscuits with pear compote.  Let me just say, this was one of the best brunch meals I've ever had.  My man raved about the waffle and I couldn't get over how delicious the biscuits and compote were; there was seriously so much love and care in the food and you could taste it. The service was super warm and friendly, and after we finished our meal, we sipped coffee on the front porch.  Our server came out to let us know there was also a nice little back patio, which we checked out as well: super cute with resurrected pallets with plants tucked in as a fence.  A few days later on a Thursday night, we went back for drinks.  They have a unique cocktail selection that's on par with the likes of Patterson House and No. 308, as well as a fabulous beer selection.  Bartenders were awesome and knew their stuff.Last Sunday we were back again for brunch!  I had the breakfast platter with veggie sausage and the boo had the pulled pork omelette: again, everything was delicious.  This time, we sat on the cute back patio and drank our coffee (Drew's Brews!) and smoked our morning cigs.  I have yet to actually take in a show at the Stone Fox, but it's something I'm anticipating in the near future!I love that this place exists outside of the "hip" parts of Nashville (namely East Nash), and is the epicenter of a burgeoning area.  I'm glad that the Stone Fox seems to be doing well and getting a lot of attention for being rather new, and I'm even happier to be taking part of it!  I wish the best of luck to this place!
<review# 117,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/1/2012,4/5/2013,170,180,,5,3>Headquarters is really cool. It's a tiny, long and skinny room. I'm reminded, in vibe, of a Brooklyn coffee shop more than in any of the other spots in Nashville. There's barely room for anything but ordering. But I like that. They use coffee from Roast, Inc., which has been my favorite Nashville roaster ever since a Yelp Elite event last year. The two espresso shots in my Americano were pulled just right. Mmmm. They have a few muffins and scones to offer daily, which looked great but I didn't try. A pear rosemary scone sounded particularly delicious, but they had just run out. When you feel the urge for some Charlotte Ave. thrift shopping, come to Headquarters in between stores for a caffeine boost. Or just come here and speed up its inevitable claim to the title: "destination spot".
<review# 118,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/28/2013,4/4/2013,15,69,3,4,3>Oh yes I am a fan. The only other place in Nashville where I have had a good pho is King Market @ Antioch pike. Nice Beef broth which tasted like juices actually dripped from a real animal and not the packaged artificially flavored beef broths. It's a hole in a wall for sure and located is a bit shady. So what the hell, I am going to travel places to taste really good food. The Vietnamese style cold coffee is amazing too. I beg all you starbucks suckers to have a Vietnamese cold coffee. It's the real deal.I really want to meet people who do not like a nice beef broth, there has to be something wrong with them.
<review# 119,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/26/2012,4/3/2013,26,230,,5,2>This is a museum that skips most of the fancy exhibit space fillers and really focuses on the cars. Lane doesn't just have any car collection, but a focused collection of foreign, mostly European and mostly rare cars.Most of the cars here are unlike any you'll likely ever see on the streets of North America. There are several cut-away engines and many cars have their hoods open, satisfying the curious engineer in me.  I really like that each car provides a description of how it's unique and, in many cases, the story behind the car - how it was acquired or its significance to the owner or evolution of automobiles.Despite visiting during holidays, there is rarely a large crowd so you can tour the museum at your own pace without too many distractions. The price of admission is very reasonable and it's a great way to spend an afternoon.
<review# 120,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/2/2013,4/2/2013,291,348,,6,4>OMG.  Do yourself a favor and enjoy Kayne with some good friends.  The service is the best we have had in Nashville.  Their knowledge of the menu and wine list is unbelievable.  Housemade Bacon...you just have to get it to understand why it is a mustFarro-A bit heavy but very goodBlack Kale-I don't like Kale but this was greatWagyu Filet-The best flet I've ever hadCream Corn Brulee...Just like the Bacon it is a mustBrussels Sprouts-I don't like Brussels Sprouts but these were very goodMacaroni Gratinee-We didn't care for muchPotato Aligot- Very goodDessertToasted Banana Bread...We were very surprised how much we liked itMilk Chocolate Cremoso-Not badCoffee & Donuts-This is a real sleeper.  You have to try itWe will be back!
<review# 121,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/10/2012,10/11/2012,63,108,,6,2>Mexican lunch buffet?  Hell yeah!So I finally tried the lunch buffet here, and it is solid.  I mean, you would think there would be more Mexican buffets around given that Mexican food is basically like 6 ingredients; just mixed together in different combos.I want to say the buffet runs like $8 and you have full reign over a ton of stuff.  I mean I'd pay $8 at some places just to get unlimited queso dip.  That stuff is good on almost everything (except my waistline).From what I remember you basically have:Soup (either a chili or a chicken tortilla)Steak fajita mixChicken fajita mixrice & beansenchiladasground beef, shredded chickenflour tortillas, taco shells, and tostadascheese quesadillas (sweet!)white queso dipchicken wings (actually pretty good)guac (awesome), sour cream, pico, shredded cheese, lettuce and other toppingsdessert with cinnamon churros and some other stufffresh fruitOverall a solid place to spend lunch hour.
<review# 122,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/12/2012,10/10/2012,79,208,2,4,2>Strong drinks, great patio, diverse crowd, darts, corn hole, lots of room and tables. What else do you really need in a dive bar??
<review# 123,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/12/2012,10/9/2012,40,134,,4,2>Possibly the best cupcakes ever, and I'm a cupcake connoisseur. Good enough to convince my friends from out of town to come and check them out. I've had the wedding cake, red velvet, and chocolate. At $1.50 each they are very reasonably priced and very friendly. There is always a line but it will move quickly. Definitely recommend stopping by!
<review# 124,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/2/2012,10/8/2012,82,48,4,6,3>I have not been going to this particular Y for long, but I am a huge fan! They have one area that is PERFECT for circuit training! The weight machines, free weights, jump ropes, medicine balls, are all in the same area with a couple of cardio machines as well! So perfect for circuits, everything is near to where you need it. Amazing cardio room with a bazillion machines, and PLENTY of room for everyone. I love that the pool has never been too crowded to where I have to wait for a lane! Often you have to share it but everyone is accommodating and for the most part everyone i've swam near has showed good pool etiquette. Definitely not the best pool i've swam laps in, but definitely not the worst!!There are tons of classes offered at this gym and I can't wait to start taking them. The YOGA room looks so nice and peaceful and soon I shall attempt it. Every other class room i've seen looks organized and spacious enough that even if there was a huge class everyone would have plenty of room and not feel crammed.The locker room is super clean and awesome as well. When I used to go to the downtown YMCA I loved all the locker room amenities, but it was always extremely crowded... the green hills YMCA locker room is so QUIET! I love it. The employees are very friendly and helpful, and always smiling even at 5:00am. They might even crack a joke! Its a great way to to start the day!I would recommend this gym to anyone and everyone. Unless youre looking for ninja training... I didn't see anything advertising that they train ninjas... but then again because I didn't see any ninjas, that could mean they have an extremely successful ninja training program?? hmm....
<review# 125,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/30/2012,10/7/2012,87,122,1,9,6>I knew Etch was scheduled to open sometime this fall, but wasn't sure when, but the stars aligned last evening when I happened to be downtown on their opening night with no dinner plans. The restaurant is located in a previously unoccupied corner of the Encore building; it's a fantastic alternative to all the more casual eateries on Broadway if you're looking for a nice dinner or fancy cocktails after work. No doubt, it will be packed to the brim once the Music City Center and Omni open their doors in 2013.Going to any restaurant on opening night is always a huge risk, but you would never have known Etch had just opened its doors--it seemed as if they'd been perfecting their techniques, service and menus for years. And that's probably because their leader, Deb Paquette (formerly of Zola fame), has been one of Nashville's biggest culinary treasures for decades.The meal started with fresh-baked rosemary rolls, of which each of my party ate two (and would have gobbled down more had we not been afraid of being too full once the main course arrived). I ordered the cauliflower steak not because I'm a vegetarian but because the description intrigued me so. It was an explosion for the senses--the confluence of the textures, the tastes and fresh ingredients (including pea pesto, miso blue cheese gravy, kale, fennel and caramelized onions)--and I will be dreaming about that meal for months to come. I also had the ginger grits, which were delightful and unlike any Southern dish I've ever tasted.My sister ordered the filet, which was accompanied by a decadent mushroom bread pudding (pardu), smoked red wine gravy, asparagus whisps and rosemary duck butter. I'm not sure which dish I liked better! Needless to say, I helped her clean her plate.I always feel a restaurant in the best judge by how it prepares chicken given that's typically the one choice that is glossed over by the chef, so when my cousin ordered the chicken I was eager to try it. Mounds of fresh greens and other ingredients (sage vinaigrette, fennel, farro, tomato, parmesan, prosciutto) were piled atop the pan-fried bird, like a combination of a pizza and a salad.And don't even make me try to explain the dessert. Pastry chef superstar Megan Williams--who was previously at Urban Grub and Capitol Grille--rose to the occasion to create a menu that featured such items as goat cheese almond semifreddo with almond meringue, hibiscus sauce, raspberry gelee and honey; milk chocolate chai panna cotta with dark chocolate sauce, pear sorbet, toasted hazelnuts and hazelnut tuile; and the goat milk vanilla and milk chocolate caradmom pistachio ice cream. We sampled a bit of everything: The ice cream with the salty cookie crumble was by far my favorite, though you can't go wrong with *any* of her desserts!The cocktail menu is nothing to stop at either. We went with these server's recommendation of the Maker's Mark whiskey cocktail. Let's just say it's good enough that I had a second and would have had a third had I not been driving.Having moved here from San Francisco a year ago, I feel like I am a good judge of culinary panache. And the fact that this city continues to surprise me--in an excellent way--is all only a solidifying factor in our decision to relocate permanently. When I went to City House earlier this week for Sunday Supper, I thought dinner in Nashville couldn't be any better. And then I tried Etch. All future meals no doubt will be judged based on my experience there--and you better believe I will be back very soon!
<review# 126,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/2/2012,10/6/2012,42,86,4,6,4>Beauty is pain. Does getting a wax hurt? Sure does, but the ladies at Wax Pot make sure it's the briefest pain possible. Stacy and Lynette are amazingly personable and down to earth, which is important when baring your nether regions to a complete stranger. The prices are affordable, the service is impeccable, and perhaps most importantly, Wax Pot is incredibly clean and professional.
<review# 127,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/11/2012,10/5/2012,26,100,2,5,3>I've dined both upstairs and downstairs here over the years.  My upstairs dining experience is quite dated, though, so I'll confine my comments here to my recent downstairs experience.Frankly, the downstairs area is not that roomy, so it has always seemed to be hit or miss in my experience as to whether you can land a table without a reservation.  Fortunately, this time, I had a reservation! (I highly recommend you follow suit.)The servers here have never seemed to have a lot of time on their hands, so they rush around at a pretty frenzied pace.  Nevertheless, we received quick attention and were given ample time to decide on our meals.  (Note:  I let the server know we had an engagement at the Ryman at 7:30pm so they would be aware of our need for quick turnaround and attention.  I should also emphasize that this was not the first time I've dined here prior to a TPAC , Arena or Ryman event.  They readily accept the guidance and act accordingly.  Refreshing!)Even though we were somewhat in a rush - we arrived at 6pm - we simply had to pause for a glass of wine.  Nice house choices are available, and we chose the cab.   Nice! So, time was a-wasting - we needed to order. I opted for the fish tacos, with the duck fat tater tots. The mahi-mahi was quite good and the guacamole provided a nice, fresh zest.  The slaw that accompanied the tacos had a nice tang to it, as well.  And the tater tots - these were hot and delicious.  Once dipped in the chipotle mayo, each tot tasted just great!  Exactly what I hoped for.  Exactly what I got!My beautiful and savvy daughter - always the one to focus her palate on a simple dish with potential flair - chose the soup n' sammy:  A nice blend of cheddar and gouda cheeses with a creamy tomato soup.  Simple, perfect, understated, but wholly satisfying.  Just what she wanted.Admittedly, not the most elegant meal.  But, that was not our intent.  We clearly intended to have a nice, quick but relaxing meal before a fun concert.  It absolutely met our expectations!- Solid customer service.- Good food, popping with flavors.- Reasonable prices.- Convenient location.- oh, and valet parking!This spot has always held a unique position in my head as a quaint, fun place to start an evening of downtown entertainment.  It is conveniently located, in close proximity to TPAC, the Ryman or the Arena.I recommend you try it for the start of an enjoyable evening.  You can't go wrong!
<review# 128,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/29/2012,10/4/2012,116,220,2,9,2>I have been eagerly awaiting the opening of Cafe Fundamental. Today I got ready for work a tad early, and decided to pop in and check it out for the first time. I uploaded a couple of photos, so you can see the interior. It's a cozy space, with a modern feel and clearly a French theme. There is a bar (I'll be back for that, 7:15 was just a bit early for libations) and tables. The owners blend their own coffee, and Roast, Inc. roasts it for them. Delicious. I had the Quiche Lorraine (Bacon, Gruyere, Parsley) and it was possibly the best quiche I have ever had! They drizzled a little olive oil on the plate, and the serving was generous. I asked the server what was in the silver trio of dishes sitting on the bar, and she brought it over for me to taste. There were house-made peach and cherry preserves. The peach was like tasting the inside of pie!Apparently, they are opening this restaurant in phases. Right now, breakfast is on weekdays, with extended hours and menu on Saturdays. In a few weeks, they will open up for lunch, then dinner! I can't wait to try dinner and also some drinks at the bar. I am SO pleased that East Nashville is the beneficiary of this gem!Oh, and did I mention it was SUPER CHEAP?!?! I couldn't believe my eyes. I feel like I"m in a dream!
<review# 129,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/5/2012,10/2/2012,75,33,9,10,8>I had heard rumors, strange rumblings about a source of high quality banh mi sandwiches at reasonable prices. When I walked in and looked at the sheer randomness of the inventory I half expected the owner to try and sell me a Mogwai. I wandered the store and noticed the hot bar but alas I found no banh mi, I wandered the isles and found fresh duck eggs and all the crazy specialized ingredients whose names I haven't tried to pronounce since culinary school, but alas found no banh mi, I checked every nook and cranny and I found no sammich. I asked the man at the counter and he yelled to the back, 5 minutes later a bag of rice baguettes was presented to me. It was better than sex. The bread was fresh and crusty, all the ingredients were fresh and they make their own paté and it was to die for. Best part 2.75 for a sandwich so good you'll commit hari kari at the notion of eating from subway. The store has a great selection of products(frozen soup dumplings FTW!) on the weekends they also have incredible spring rolls and bun thit nuoung (a cold vermicelli salad that's freaking awesome). Go here and eat their banh mi right away!
<review# 130,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/16/2012,10/1/2012,126,270,,9,4>Where can you go for stellar sushi and a little trepidation for more than fair price? Sam's sushi, that's where!I visited Sam's for dinner on a weeknight and let me tell you, being as popular as it is there aren't many places to sit so you better get there early or be ready to wait around awkwardly. All the tables were taken so the group of four that I was with had to patiently sit on the chairs to the side. No worries. We sat and made conversation amongst ourselves and let Sam doing his sushi thing. Don't make eye contact right away. Once Sam talks to you, then you can address him. He handed one member of our party the sushi list. Never order more than 2 rolls per person out of respect. And trust me, the portions deliver more than enough that I couldn't even finish. I went for the spicy tuna and the salmon roll. Both were stellar! The spicy tuna packed some major heat!  I'm not sure how much my rolls were individually but I can tell you that for the 4 of us dining, we got out for under $30 with drinks and 2 rolls a piece. You seriously can't be that.
<review# 131,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/27/2012,9/30/2012,55,242,,4,2>Spicy. Jerk. Chicken.I am tempted to leave the review at that, but there are a few other highlights I have to mention. So the Spicy Jerk Chicken is out of this world. Perfectly seasoned, perfect heat, perfect texture. Just amazing. I got it with their cabbage, and I have never enjoyed cabbage so much. Also a great texture change from the tender chicken and fluffy rice and peas. The fried biscuits are unique and freaking delicious. I love this place.
<review# 132,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/29/2012,9/29/2012,60,232,,3,2>More like a 3.5 actually.   Last night we just wanted a burger so we hit up Rotier's.  We'd never been before.Definitely a  burger joint and a local original.  Old, saggy booths, the walls are kind of grunged up, a cigarette machine ($6, holy stink!) and a GALAGA game!  They were busy, the guy manning the cash register tore up bits of paper and gave us our wait-line numbers.  In no time we were seated and ordered up our cheeseburgers on french bread with hash brown casserole.  Pretty darn good!  I really liked the HBC.  Didn't have a milkshake as they just don't set well on top of beer...next time.It's definitely not health food but for a splurge...go ahead and take the plunge at Rotier's.  You won't be disappointed.
<review# 133,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/18/2012,9/28/2012,98,238,1,4,2>I am beginning to notice a pattern here as I am consistently finding, that on average, there are more amazing, delicious and well priced sushi bars on the outskirts of Nashville, rather than closer to the downtown area. That being said, you can argue authenticity if you want, but for the price, Arigato is amazingly good and has some excellent combos.Once again my fiancee and I had the gyoza, fried calamari and a 3 roll combo for me, while she got the 2 roll combo. I think I got different rolls this time but I am not sure. That being said, the friends who went with us also enjoyed their food as well (they live in the area and Arigatos is one of their favorite places to go). My friend Bevin ordered the chirashi don which looked so good that I have decided to get it on my next visit.
<review# 134,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/29/2012,9/27/2012,26,230,,6,2>In Nashville, Asian food joints next to dry cleaners are usually as cookie-cutter predictable as it gets. Yes, it's true this is not some authentic ethnic restaurant. Fear not! This is a place where experimentation and unusual sounding but tasty combinations of flavors and textures will blow you away.On my first visit, I went straight to the Taco Tuesday special. We had shrimp, chicken, and beef. After consulting with the staff, we got sides of the spicy rice. These tacos were full of Korean flavors with a nice tortilla package, all made fresh to order. So a few days later I had to come back and try other menu items. The edamame was perfect (and cheap!) and the curried rice was full of flavor. The employees don't hesitate to make sure you're satisfied and leave happy, and it's clear they love their work.Five star ratings are all about the full package, and Soy Teriyaki nails price, product, and service.
<review# 135,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/1/2012,9/26/2012,74,82,,6,1>Third Ave Kitchen has been around for years. It has changed names serval times but to the people who have been coming for years will just be called "Shirley's." it was called that thirteen years ago when I started coming here and I can't let it go.  There are three things you need to remember about this place. 1) You can get lunch here as early as 10. 2) Breakfast is very cheap with generous portion sizes. 3) It's cash only. This is by far one of the cheapest breakfast around. You can get slice if country ham that covers the plate, home fries, biscuits and gravy and 2 eggs for less than 6 bucks. I recommend the deluxe omelet with all the sides I just mentioned for 5 bucks including tax.  The lunch is ok but you will be happy if you go here for breakfast. Trust me, good food and a great price. Seriously this place is a good find.
<review# 136,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/12/2012,9/25/2012,888,249,,6,6>I was able to grab a sneak peak of Music City Candy a few days before opening and just let me say, this part of town has never seen anything as special as this when it comes to specialty shops.  Hailed as a true "Mom and Pop," MCC borrows some of yesterday's small town pharmacy charm and mixes it with today's candy flavors.  From Jelly Bellys to Lollipops to Smokey Mountain Salt Water Taffy, they've got almost every sweet tooth covered.  You can choose from over 10 flavors of unique ice cream and enjoy in the retro café, complete with checkboard floors.  The owner and staff are eager to welcome you and give you the inside scoop.  It's clean as a pin, parking is generous and the building is brand new.  In fact, this little strip mall is a success story for the neighborhood.  It went from eye sore to beautification candidate.  MCC's theme, "Where You Can Be A Kid Again," holds true, as I can't wait for my son to get old enough where we can mix $10, 1 hour and a lifetime of memories.  Remember, Dickerson's not what it used to be since the redevelopment happened a few years ago.  Come on over and enjoy our neighborhood and support a future local staple!
<review# 137,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/3/2012,9/24/2012,98,278,4,3,3>I enjoy a lot of different cupcakes, but if I'm choosing... this is the one.I don't care what flavor is your liking - you will love something there and it will become your new fav.My current addiction when I allow it, their Red Velvet.  OMG.  Sooo good it's what I'd call "smack your mama good."  So moist your fingers are slightly buttery after you eat it.  Yep, seriously.  Cream cheese icing so smooth and rich you thnk you can't possibly finish it, but it's just a simple little cupcake...I love the boutique-feel, love the owners and friendly clerks, and love that they are connected to Franklin Mercantile.  Stop there for breakfast, grab cupcakes for lunch, your day is done.I surprised a scrapbooking group I went to in Springfield one time with a dozen of these for sharing.. and they were all claiming to sell their houses and move to Franklin.  I agree they should, but for more reasons than just cupcakes.  Although...Stop in, you won't be sorry - unless you're on a diet!
<review# 138,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/9/2012,9/23/2012,119,224,4,6,4>I have to admit when I first saw the sign on White Bridge I was like 'for reals?! That has got to be the most lame-o take on the bakery trend, um, well, ever...'Literally it was like somebody was punking my sensibilities. It make me think of 'The 40 Year Old Virgin' where the lady owns the stupid ebay shop. Sooo, only Bundt cakes?! Yeee-ah.Okay - all that aside, Nothing Bundt Cakes here in town happens to be franchised by some really kind people who have been nothing 'bundt' generous to the community with donations of baby bite sized bundts aka the bundtini. I had the pleasure of trying out one (okay, two! It was yummy!) today at a work function. Lemon ruled my word, but the raspberry white chocolate was good too.Could I make a slightly more delicious cake in my own bundt pan? Yes. Have I owned a Bundt pan since I moved out of my parents house whose bundt pan is straight from 1972? Um, no. BUT as a commercial cake they were moist, flavorful and yes, kind of cute. Man, I hate to say it. The 1970's nostalgia is sort of awesome and so is the fun packaging.If you are in charge of the dessert at a function and don't feel like firing up the oven, Nothing Bundt Cake is a good bet and a fun talking point.*a dozen mini-cakes is $16.50 and each 'bundtini' is slightly smaller than a cupcake
<review# 139,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/3/2012,9/22/2012,159,379,7,12,10>When it comes to the American Dream (working hard and making your way in the world) Ali and Pinar are doing it on Nolensville Road. The Turkish couple with their kids are manning the store offering Turkish delight to all who step inside. My dining companion and I stepped into another world when we opened the door. The sparse dining room with six tables covered with plastic/felt cloths were set with rolled silverware in big paper napkins. Although there were big glass cases for food, the pictures on the wall told the story what there is to eat at Ephesus Bakery and Cafe. I asked the owner if he accepted Plastic Payment and he apologized and hoped to in a week, but not today. I explained that I would go to the bank, withdraw cash, and return. He and his wife made sure that my daughter and I did not leave empty handed...sending us with a freshly baked roll of goodness. He knew what he was doing...one bite...we were speeding to the ATM...in order to return.We ordered eggs with Turkish Sausage and with it came a huge wedge of Fresh Fluffy Pita Bread and a Turkish Sesame Bagel. The eggs were scrambled soft with a hearty flavored sausage. It was delicious in a foreign, we are not in Kansas anymore kind of way. I will order it again. The sweet bread that Ali gave us was not nearly sweet as a doughnut but sweet enough to know it was a treat. The velvety texture of the bread was divine and gave me pause to wonder if man could live on bread alone. The Baklava was good, not overly sweet as many tend to make the nutty goodness. I hope to go back at lunch sometime, Ali tells me that it is their specialty. I believe him because you can tell the guy is legit. in fact, he and Pinar treated us as though we were guests in their home. They seem to be well qualified to run a Bed and Breakfast with their level of care, conversation, and eagerness to serve. I humbly suggest that Ali and Pinar develop a written menu with photos to serve their guests. It would help their non-Turkish customers along in the process of ordering and achieving a great experience. For drinks they offer hot tea and a small cooler stocked with: water, diet coke cans, sprite cans, capri suns, and turkish yogurt drink. It would be a good idea to expand the drink selection to include Hot Turkish Coffee (would pair well with the breads) and other drinks such as juice and more soft drinks. The American Dream is happening with a Turkish twist. I look forward to living the dream again soon.The Yelp Map shows this place as being in Southern Hills Hospital...it's not even close as it's about a quarter mile north of Thompson Lane on Nolensville Road.
<review# 140,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/4/2012,9/21/2012,323,390,,5,2>I may be Lilly White on the Outside but my heart beats for Hispanic food at all times.  I am pretty sure I could live off of a diet of tacos.  Breakfast, lunch or dinner....all I want is a taco.First off, compared to the Sylvan Park Location, this spot is more of a sit down restaurant.  It has ample outdoor seating, a bar area and a casual dining area.  Parking is a bit of a squeeze, but for those quick in and out lunches, they do have valet services.  Speaking of which, there is a difference between dining at lunch and dinner.  Lunch time you order what you want at the register and then go find a table with a marked number.  Dinner time you just walk to the register/hostess stand and you get sat like a regular dinner experience.  My favorite area to eat is the bar. It is just a bit quieter and the service is just as good. The inside dining area can get pretty loud.  The food is fantastic here.  I love the Buffalo Chicken Taco, the Spicy Shrimp Taco, and the Slow BBQ Taco.  The Mexican Tater Tots as a side are house made and are to die for!  Keep in mind this is not a place were you get free chips and salsa.  But it is really not that bad in price to pay.  I love the queso dip.  It is rich and creamy, not watered down at all.  Now, I am usually not a fan of frozen margaritas, but they are actually very good here.  If you are looking for an on the rocks style margarita, they have that as well.  You can even pick out what tequila you want.  They also have a great list of hand crafted cocktails as well.So in the end, great service and great food.  I love this addition in Brentwood!
<review# 141,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/5/2013,12/21/2013,52,174,3,6,3>Etch is certainly one of the top 5 restaurants in the city. Chef Deb Paquette is among the Nashville elite and Etch reflects every bit of that. If you don't want take my word for it just consult any of the recent accolades like best restaurant by Nashville Lifestyles or the number one spot on Eater Nashville's June 2013 heatmap. As if the food were not enough here, the presentation and plating really push this place over the edge. I would say in that category it IS the best in Nashville. The dishes are so beautiful it's like eating artwork.I could go on and on about some of the dishes here but the menu rotates often so it's probably pointless. If I had to classify it I would call it world cuisine but Deb's agenda here is to serve dishes that would be very hard to make at home. In that regard I think she really hits the mark as you'll see things on the menu here that you just won't find even a remote semblance anywhere else in town. One staple that seems to remain on the menu though that I really love is the butter tasting. Specifically, and this is not a joke, the duck butter. With its abundant thyme flavor and infusion of duck (fat?) combined with the rosemary bread, it's a combination that always tastes reminiscent of Thanksgiving to me.  That's a nostalgic feeling and it's pretty damn awesome. A final note about the food, the desserts here are really, really incredible. The pastry chef here is truly outstanding and you should not skip dessert here under any circumstances. As far as spirits go, the bourbon and whiskey list is rather paltry but they do have a few great drinks on the cocktail menu. I particularly like The Don which essentially a black manhattan but I also seem to recall seeing classics like a Boulevardier and  Negroni on there as well. They even use real luxardo style cherries which is an added bonus. The only real negative I can come up with is that the price point is a bit on the high side but it almost pains me to say that since I think what you get is worth every bit of the cost. The lunch menu is very economical though and I would encourage you to check it out as the price to value ratio there is excellent.
<review# 142,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/4/2013,12/19/2013,116,220,4,11,5>I have debated whether to write a review, because El Jaliciense is so incredibly good, I'm scared to draw attention to it for fear it will always be crowded. It's that good. If you like REAL Mexican food (not the bland, lardy crap you find everywhere else in Nashville), then this is your place. It's a hole in the wall. They don't serve margaritas because they don't want to deal with drunk fools. There is beer and the tastiest Mexican fare in town!We always get the guacamole, which is the real deal: fresh avocados, tomatoes, onions, cilantro, made just right. They always bring out a variety of salsas, one red, one dark that tastes roasted, and the spicy green salsa. My favorite items are the ceviche tostada, shrimp taco and asada taco. Everything tastes so fresh, authentic and it's so reasonably priced! I brought my sister in law who is from Puerto Vallarta, and she said its the best Mexican she has had in TN. That's some cred for ya. In short, please don't pack this place so I can't get seated right away anymore, but in fairness to this family owned and operated gem, I have to share that I think it's the bee's knees.
<review# 143,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/30/2013,12/18/2013,14,105,1,7,2>Food - 6 stars.  Annoyance of little shits grabbing up tables before ordering - 2 stars.In one sentence: from the time we walked in to the time we got our food took 45 minutes.  It was worth Every. Single. Minute.  I guess that was like two (four) sentences.  By far the best BBQ I have had in Nashville -- far better (and far less touristy!) than Jack's BBQ downtown.  I have read other reviews that were not impressed with the sides and I feel sorry for them, because the sides absolutely made it for me -- the mac n cheese, baked beans, cornbread... mouth watering!I ordered the pulled pork and my girlfriend the brisket -- both were incredible.  Moist, mouth watering, juicy, full of flavor... they absolutely let the meat do the talking instead of drowning it in BBQ sauce -- perfect!The one down side (not the wait, I didn't mind given how good the food was) is that folks sit down right away when they walk in -- and why shouldn't they?  There are no signs against it.  However, most places like this say -- and common sense and respect for your fellow patrons says -- "please place your order before sitting" .... this would make so much more sense and would make the flow so much smoother.  Instead, you inevitably have the asshole in the corner getting the booth of 6 for them and their one friend, sitting there with nothing for 45 minutes (when two groups could have come and sat and eaten and gone in this time).  This is not a restaurant to sit and chat for an hour after the meal, and thus tables turn over quickly -- everybody there knows this and eats and leaves as they know other folks are waiting.  So frustrating and rude; I really wish they would change this.UPDATE (7/8/13): Returned this past Monday -- Monday is the only day of the week they serve hot chicken -- and it was absolutely incredible.  A solid 5/5 stars, I am updating this review as well to 5/5 stars (from 4/5) --- but alas... I will never return when it's busy haha.  I will enjoy this delicious food during "unpeak" eating hours.
<review# 144,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/2/2013,12/17/2013,116,191,2,5,2>Holy guacamole! This place is tops.  I joined a friend for an early Sunday dinner and was very impressed.The margaritas are absolutely tasty.  I'm not sure if this is all day every Sunday, but they were two-for-one.  Win!  The aforementioned guacamole is some of the best I've had.  I also had a chorizo taco (made with homemade chorizo!) and a corn dish.  The tacos are small, but mighty.  It was the perfect light meal.Welcome to the neighborhood, Boca Loca.  I believe we will be seeing a lot of each other.
<review# 145,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/31/2013,12/16/2013,37,76,2,3,2>My girlfriends and I loved this place for the Friday night happy hour with Lightning 100. We plan to come back again! The service, at the height of the Friday rush, was exceptional. Our waiter was attentive, helpful with menu and is drink suggestions, and never made us feel rushed to leave despite the crowd. A++ We tried several pizzas- the Palermo and the Bob Marley were our favorites. The crust is tasty, thin, and available in both white and whole wheat (we liked them both). Several beers were on draft and only $2 during happy hour.The music was loud and a great backdrop for revelry after a busy work week, but be prepared to shout. We loved the games and DJ antics as well, from 5-7- there are many chances to win concert tickets and other prizes. There is a local act that takes the stage at 7pm for a free show, so it's just another wonderful way to find new music. We got there at the magic hour after business traffic was gone, and party goers were not yet out and about, so we were able to find street parking nearby. Given the congestion of Division street, I imagine this isn't always the case, so be forewarned.
<review# 146,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/18/2013,12/15/2013,53,171,7,5,3>my husband and i had a groupon for here, so we pretended to be of a higher class and made our reservations.  we're huge foodies, loving to try local places, obscure foods, and creative dishes, so we had pretty much already made up our mind what we would be ordering before we even arrived.  i love calamari, as long as it doesn't look like they just grabbed the squid, battered it, and dropped it in the fryer whole (i like it when it's in tiny bite size pieces), luckily, that's exactly how it's served here.  we also ordered the wild boar tartar with wild huckleberries. unless you already know that tartar means raw, then you'd not even realize it's raw wild boar--the huckleberries are the prominent flavor in this, but yet, the small minced pieces of raw wild boar are quiet pleasant. i ordered the chicken breast stuffed with goat cheese and figs and a truffle sauce drizzed atop.  it was good, but very sweet and rich.  i could only eat half of it before the rich sweetness of truffle sauce, goat cheese and fig preserves overwhelmed my tummy.  my husband ordered the grilled duck breast-medium rare (the recommended temperature).  this isn't your cheap method cooked duck breast you'd get from lesser places, it's cooked to the perfect description temperature you request, and still trimmed with the fat (as it should be)-a lot of places ruin duck by treating it like mcdonald's chicken nuggets...not here.  he was please with his meal as well.lastly, let me plea with you, if you go here on a group on (or at all....), please don't be jerks to the servers, just because you don't know what something is, or what it's for, don't mask your own insecurity with ugliness to them. --they mean to leave the ipads at the table, it's like their bar menu, if they offer you a black napkin cloth instead of the white ones on the table, it's because you're wearing black and the white ones can leave lint on your lovely outfit, duck is supposed to be trimmed in fat, the courses are supposed to be spaced out, yada yada (pick up a copy of emily post book of etiquette). ugh, you wouldn't believe the snippiness my husband and i observed from the table next to us.
<review# 147,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/30/2013,12/14/2013,69,394,3,3,3>Having watched a handful of reality cooking show competitions (shh), this experience made me feel like a very lucky judge. Give yourself plenty of time to savor the experience, both because it's worth it, and because it's pricey, so you might as well. Every course was well-paired with a wine or cocktail and the sommelier/barkeep was personable and very attentive. The chefs explain each course as it comes out and they were all enthusiastic about their offerings. The pigeon made me a tiny but squeamish, but once I got past the claw, it was smoky and delicious. The seafood courses were my favorite and the desserts were very inventive. Perfect spot for a special occasion. Skip it if you're a picky eater.
<review# 148,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/24/2013,12/13/2013,105,145,2,2,2>We had a party in the Vanderbilt area ad wanted to go do some food before we went. My friend recommended we try this place and boy am I glad he did.The menu itself is inviting and amazing, Its got a great variety, from cheese plates to veggie plates to a mozzarella bar to clams (and other non-kosher stuff)We decided to opt for heavy appetizers as a meal, getting all the veggies, all the mozzarellas, the eggplant parm (WOW was that a good call), olives and more.The first happy surprise came when my wife went to spread the butter om her bread and found that instead of butter, it was actually a soft Parmesan. I cant remember the last time we finished one basket of bread at a restaurant - but last night, we finished 2!The eggplant Parmesan was out of this world. It was so good the four of us found ourselves in a conversation about what makes for a perfect eggplant Parmesan sub sandwich.The only reason I gave it 4 stars instead of 5 is because its kinda pricey. Not terribly so, but it felt a bit high for what we got.Anyway, I look forward to going back and trying some of their menu items next time.
<review# 149,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/14/2013,12/12/2013,814,132,8,13,11>I love Latin food...Latin music...Latin novelas (soap operas)...and hot Latin men! (William Levy....oh geez...squirrel....distractions...)It's hard to find good non-Mexican restaurants around here, so when I find a good one...I get all excited and I have to tell all my friends to share in with the "wealth."This place is a Columbian-run restaurant....I don't mean cartel-run...I mean the owners themselves manage, cook, and serve! It's nothing more than authentic Bogota-Cartagena food! Mike and Ricky (the owners are son and step dad) are magnificos - very attentive and accommodating to your health or diet needs without alternating the taste....they are also sweet and fun...don't be surprised if you see them dancing in the opened kitchen!The menu offers entrees...which include beef, chicken, and pork dishes (all separate, not together) and vegetarian options...appetizers..which include but are not limited to...the traditional and famous Columbian arepas - plain or stuffed...buñuelos (pronouced boo-new-el-los), empanadas (similar to Jamaican beef patties), plantains, and yuca bread (all these are gluten-free but you would have never guessed due to you being so occupied with your taste buds dancing and enjoying these new sabores....I mean flavors)...SEE I'm so excited my esssspanishhh is coming out!! Rico Ricky's is in the Global mall (in the old Hickory Hollow Mall)...food court...opened all week until 8:00 pm...including weekends (closed Mondays)! Prices range from $1.00-10.00.You MUST try it out! I'm inviting my friends this Saturday night there for dinner....and maybe do a little salsa dancing afterwards...
<review# 150,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/24/2013,12/11/2013,90,129,,3,2>First of all, the empanadas are a five star item.  Perfectly cooked and served with lime wedges and an olive oil, green onion, cilantro and lime juice concoction.  Besides having a shredded pork filling, they also had tender pieces of potato. They were scrumptious and served piping hot. Unfortunately, I did not photograph the menu so I cannot give you the name of what I ordered.  But the chicharron (sp?) was succulent, decadent and crisp.  Too bad I only had one and hubby wanted to "share" it with me.  My fried egg on my rice was a nice surprise and the thick, runny yolk was an excellent, natural gravy so to speak.  We didn't have any service issues.  Our waitress was on the ball, attentive and informative.   She answered all our questions and made suggestions. I'll be back for the empanadas alone.  Next time I'll also try the Cuban coffee too.
<review# 151,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/17/2010,10/2/2011,23,25,3,8,5>One of my favorite bars in nashville.  Why, you ask?  Well, while drinking I like to enjoy my beer.  I like to be able to hear the person next to me when we are having drinkspeak.  I like that after more than a few, I can get great bar food at a reasonable price.  And when you think it doesn't get any better...well you can do all of these things while actually sitting at the bar. Pint glass only 1/3 full?  Well, there's your bartender right there-- ready to pour you another or make you a shot (most recently a vodka infused with jolly rancher candy).You typically won't find club goers, miniskirts, or teenagers here.  There's a jukebox, a long bar, a number of tables, and even a pool table.  They have great specials and the bartenders always take great care of their patrons.  It's a great destination when you just wanna thrown on some jeans, lace up your chucks, and head out the door.
<review# 152,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/13/2011,10/1/2011,108,86,2,4,5>I have three words to sum up my experience at Istanbul: WOULD GO BACK.Since my first visit, I have told no less than five friends about our experience... not to mention the delicious food!Don't skip the hummus! (I probably ate my weight in pitas.) And I highly recommend the Gyro Platter. It's huge, so you might want to go ahead and get a to-go box ready.Also, if they don't randomly bring you the white bean soup (they did to us!), order it. It's delicious.As if the food wasn't enough... the service is outstanding....AND (like you need yet another reason to visit), it's BYOB. We rolled up with three bottles of Two Buck Chuck and they were happy to bring us wine glasses and a bottle opener.We declined the opener, however, because we'd brought an entire corkscrew set ourselves. We're classy like that.
<review# 153,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/8/2011,9/30/2011,60,145,,5,4>I have only been to Virago's once, but I know I will be returning. I LOVE sushi and Virago did not disappoint. Some people have said the sushi here is expensive, but I must admit, I stayed to the cheaper side of the menu. Even the champagne I ordered was only $8 for a glass. My friends and I ordered 5 or 6 different rolls and each one was amazing. We couldn't decide which one we enjoyed more. Our server was attentive but never in the way and the atmosphere was fun for a girl's night out. I imagine this place would be nice for a date as well.
<review# 154,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/25/2011,9/29/2011,10,306,2,5,3>Wonderful burger. Big enough to share.The waffle fries were the best fries I've had in a long time. Cooked just right, not too greasy, lightly salted.Good drink specials, particularly if you come during Happy Hour and drink domestics on tap. I sprung for a slightly more expensive glass of Woodchuck cider that was cool and refreshing. The cicadas were out in force when we visited or I might have tried the back patio which had a beautiful wall of ivy.Most customers seemed to be regular (lots of hugging and back-slapping whenever someone walked in), but we received prompt, friendly and efficient service despite being newbies and ordering only a light meal to share. Good service, good food, good prices -- that's how you convert casual visitors into regulars. I can definitely see coming back often.Atmosphere was very chillaxed on a Sunday afternoon, but I imagine it gets much more rollicking at night.
<review# 155,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/15/2011,9/28/2011,10,111,4,5,6>There is NO reason to go to Calypso Cafe. None if you're anywhere near this little gem tucked front and center at The Farmer's Market. Tender meats like jerk or curry chicken, goat or oxtail, or vegetarian options. Fresh vegetables like kale or orange sweet potatoes with chunks of pineapple cooked in rich seasonings and yummy sauces.  The staff is delightful, attentive and willing to wait as you decide and sample your options. Don't go if you're in a hurry and want a quick sandwich. There's other options. If you're not taking it to go, you are served on real, not paper, plates with real, not plastic, silverware.Oh yeah I'll be back. Every time I go to the Farmer's Market I'll be back.By the way, we met another customer who had them cater his birthday. The best, he said. People talked about the food for months.
<review# 156,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/18/2011,9/27/2011,96,336,1,8,3>I went here on Friday for lunch with some co-workers. I had never been before, but they made it sound delicious and it was for a good cause, so I was down. The food bank is in Metro Center off Great Circle Road. You pay $12 for all you can eat. Half of the proceeds go directly to the food bank. I think the fixin's change weekly. But last Friday they had lamb, chicken, salad, peas, potato's and something sweet for everyone out there with a sweet tooth. The food was actually really great! The staff is really friendly and courteous. Food banks are great and I am glad to help support a local cause. While I was there, they told me about a great event they are holding in May. It's called General Helpings and its Thursday May 19 from 5:30 - 8:30. The event features food and wine from locally owned restaurants. So far the list of restaurant's looks great and they are adding more in the coming weeks. This event is at the Nashville Farmers Market and it's $40 for a ticket. So, on May 19 come out and eat some great food, drink some great wine and support a great local cause.
<review# 157,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/14/2011,9/26/2011,32,72,6,4,3>I have been to Phat Bites three times and I'm fairly certain they put crack dust or something on their sandwiches.You get your sandwich and you're like, "Good Lord, this is a HUGE sandwich...there's no way I can eat that!" And then...well...you eat it.All of their ingredients seem to be fairly fresh and pretty good. Last time I went, I had "The Stoner", which was sirloin with goat cheese and some other stuff. Very, very good. I've also had the Teriyaki Cowboy, which is sirloin that's been marinated in teriyaki. Both sandwiches were huge, fantastic...and I ate them all.You can take it to go or you can sit your butt down at one of the tables inside. Unfortunately, anti-hipster patrol, I noticed yesterday that there does seem to be a communal table. However, that could have been left over from a huge group (I hope)...plus, being able to leave with your food is a plus.As for the decor...it's somewhere between Modern American Garage Sale and Goodwill Chic. But it fits.
<review# 158,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/17/2011,9/25/2011,29,134,3,6,4>This is hands down my FAVORITE Mexican place in Nashville. My husband and I have been going here for about a year now and we have not once been disappointed. If you are looking for authentic Mexican food, El Tapatio is all you need.For those who have only experienced Tex-Mex/Americanized Mexican food, the fare offered at El Taptio might initially seem surprising. The food is not slathered in thick/heavy sauces, nor does it contain very much cheese and sour cream is non-existent here. What you get instead is food that is incredibly fresh and very hearty, but never heavy. The tacos are akin to the ones you would get at the various taco carts around town: two grilled corn tortillas about the size of the palm of your hand filled with onions, cilantro, and the meat of your choice. Sounds simple, but it's so good! My favorite tacos are the lengua (tongue!) and the tripa (tripe!) - if you think you can't stomach stomach, think again! The tripe here is crispy nuggets of pure deliciousness. Still, if you'd like something a little less exotic, you can't go wrong with some spicy pork or the chorizo (the latter isn't listed on the menu, but you can ask for it and they usually have it). If you're looking for something more substantial the tortas (sandwiches) and burritos are super filling and very reasonable at just $5. I love the birria burrito (goat stew), but again, you can get any of the more conventional offerings like chicken, steak, or pork. The burritos come packed with rice, beans and avocado along with your meat, while the sandwiches have the same fixin's as the burritos plus lettuce, tomato and melted cheese. If you come with more than two people they tend to automatically bring out chips with salsa and guacamole--all for free!--but if they don't you can always ask for them to bring you some. The salsas that they bring out are smokey (the red one) and picante (the green one) and very good. Your tastebuds will quiver in delight since it's unlikely that you've ever tasted restaurant salsa that has this much flavor. You can also order beer, various softdrinks (including Mexican varieties), but you definitely need to try the horchata (rice water with a healthy dash of cinnamon). It's so tasty and will help you deal with any spice overload.It's true that Spanish is definitely the preferred language here, but don't let that dissuade you because many of the waitresses do speak enough English to get your order right. The food is so good that a little pantomiming is definitely worth it! There are few places in town where you can get such a delicious and filling meal for under $10, but El Tapatio is definitely one of them.
<review# 159,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/9/2011,9/24/2011,186,329,10,6,3>Wooooooooooo, pig suie!!Repeat after me:  wooooooooooooo ...  PIG ... SUUUUU-IEEEEEE...That's right folks, if you have wandered out to Martin's BBQ Joint or have just commenced your first online search of the place, then you'll be making the call and the journey soon.Martin's is definitely the best BBQ place in Nashville - although technically it's like 25 minutes from Nashville proper in Nolensville, but details, details.  Ambiance:  The fact that the restaurant has a thin layer of smoke from the smoker still hanging out in the restaurant and when you leave the place you'll leave smelling like a beautifully smoked piece of pork should be reason enough for you to take the jaunt out to Martin's.  If that isn't enough, the "Joint" is covered in country and western paraphernalia from a fake deer head (whose name is "Buck") to old posters from live country shows.So, you're still unimpressed?  Anyone can dress up a pig, David, but in the end it is still a pig, you say?  Well fine...  that's appropriate anyhow!  Martin's smokes their pork for "22 hours or a little longer if needed" to give the pork a number of fine delicate properties:  (1) juiciness, if that's a word (and my spell check seems to think it is): the pork is mind numbingly juicy and tender.  The pulled pork served with a big piece of Texas toast has an overwhelmingly appropriate amount of smoke, juice, and you can smother it sauce if you like.  Speaking of sauce, they don't smother your meat in sauce.  They put just a bit to whet your appetite, and if you want it dripping then you can serve yourself from an unlimited, bottomless BBQ sauce stand near where you ordered your food.So, no one in my party got the BBQ ribs or a sampler that includes ribs (by the way, they have a sampler called the "Big Momma"... fantastic name... fantastic).  But, I could see the table across from eating a set of ribs and they looked like they were so tender that they fell straight off the bone.  Yum!The brisket is actually what brings them down from a 5 star to a 4 star.  I had the brisket.  I would say 50% of the brisket meat on my plate was tender, juicy and cooked perfectly.  But, the other 50% was just OK - sometimes a little dry.  The sauce that comes with the brisket is different than the sauce with the pork.  It's sweeter, thicker, and darker... still delicious.I think it has been said before, but I'll say it again:  the sides here are also amazing.  Our table had the potato salad, the baked beans, and the cornbread flapjack.  Potato salad - check mark on the ridiculously good scale.  Baked beans - check mark in the out of this world box.  Cornbread flapjack - just OK (it was a bit peppery for my taste).Would I dine here again?  Uh, duh, yes.  Should you run out your door right now to get some BBQ while the getting is a good?  Probably.
<review# 160,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/3/2011,9/23/2011,40,114,6,4,4>Manzone ahead!  Ladies, this is NOT the place to tag along with your man.  When men  walk through the door our testosterone doubles, our eyes glaze over  and we only manage to communicate in grunts and nods.  This is an outstanding industrial supply store that specializes in woodworking equipment.  whether you need a bandsaw, power tools, router bits, dust collection devices, abrasives,  turning and specialty tools, planers, jointers or framing jigs, they probably have it or can get it.  Can't find it? Visit the counter and ask, just don't mess with the kitty that has the run of the place and usually vying for everyone's attention .  Be sure and visit both show rooms, larger and metal working equipment such as lathes and stuff are in the showroom on the right, woodworking equipment and parts are in the showroom on the left.  The also carry a good selection of air tools, storage and name brand tools like Dewalt and Porter Cable.  This is a kinda one stop shop especially if you are or know a wood worker.
<review# 161,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/7/2012,2/19/2013,52,174,4,10,5>308 is a super cool watering hole on the east side and one of the handful of true craft bars in Nashville. The environment is a little on the hipster side but the drinks are legit, the prices are very reasonable by craft cocktail standards, and the attention to detail is superb.  The decor inside is dark but cool without looking like it's trying too hard. The bar itself is covered in book pages and most (all?) the house drinks are named after authors. There are definitely some cool concepts going on here which really distinguish it from the prohibition style speakeasy which seems to be all the rage in craft bars these days. Most (maybe all?) the syrups are made in house and the carbonation is added by hand on the spot. Just watch the bartender after you order any drink with carbonation and you'll see what I am talking about.  As for the people behind the bar, all of them I have encountered are incredibly skilled. I once asked for a Bolouvardier which isn't a very popular drink. In most other craft bars I have been I will see the bartender consult his/her little black recipe book. At 308 I was shocked when the bartender whipped it right up without even hesitating. Impressive. As if the drinks were not enough the food menu features a pretty solid lineup of tapas sized dishes and the kitchen is open until 1am on the weekends. The best thing I've had are the plantain chips served with with the cubano sandwich... I was quite smitten with how good they were. Want to kickstart your night with a booze shock to the system? Order the Charles Bukowski which is a half pint of Miller High Life and a shot of Four Roses Bourbon for a measly $5. Basically it's a boilermaker which will should get your party started pretty hard. The only negative I think worth mentioning is this is not the place to take a date for a night of drinks and conversation. Why? Because they keep the music volume in the place at 11. It is always unreasonably loud to the point where my friends and I usually just give up trying to have a conversation.
<review# 162,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/20/2012,2/18/2013,70,64,1,5,5>Fat Bottom Brewery is the latest addition to Nashville's craft beer scene. Located on Main Street in East Nashville, it's easy to get to, although parking seemed like it could be an issue.My first visit happened to be through Girls' Pint Out, which is starting a chapter in Nashville - yay - and only four weeks after the brewery opened. So, my experience was maybe a little different than other visitors, but still worth a review.First of all, the brewery is a startup if I ever heard of one - the owner/founder has been brewing his own beer for ten years (although he's a very young guy still - case in point: he had his infant with him later in the evening) and he just adores it. I applaud him for taking a leap of faith and starting his own brewery (like so many dream of) and can't wait to continue supporting his beer venture. The rest of the staff were awesome - welcoming, amiable, knowledgeable, and patient. I give them two thumbs-up.The patio area, although it could use some larger picnic tables for larger groups, was perfect for an evening with 70-degree weather. Note: you can enter from the back alley into the patio directly if you are parked back there. A large group of cyclists showed up around the time we left to enjoy beers together in the outdoor courtyard.Inside, the atmosphere is warm and welcoming. For only having been open for four weeks, there were a good number of people there. The taproom is open Tuesday through Sunday from 4-10 (don't quote me on the Sunday) and 2-10 on Saturdays. Tours are offered on Saturday and Sunday (I think that's right), unless the owner is brewing.The beers were delicious - the selection isn't huge, but come on, they just opened. There was a red ale, a stout, an IPA and a wheat beer available when we went. The porter is on its way in the near future. The owner adores pale ales, but decided to skip on creating a pale ale at the beginning since "everyone does a pale ale." I tried the red ale and the stout and enjoyed both.Although I didn't try the food, I saw a burger and the cheese plate come out - I would easily try both next time I'm there. Yum.Tips: Get a flight to try all the beers in one visit. Talk up the owner if he's there to learn about the brewery and how he chose the name (hint: it's not based ona Queen song!). Arrive early to park if you're coming with a large group.In the end, I can't wait to return to Fat Bottom Brewery with friends. A great addition to East Nashville and the Nashville beer scene.
<review# 163,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/22/2012,2/17/2013,40,166,5,4,2>I'll begin with a funny, somewhat unrelated story: After stepping out of the car to valet, an SUV pulls up and an obvious redneck tourist leans out of the window and yells, "HEY! What does that sign say? The Southern WHAT?!?!"It's The Southern Steak & Oyster, Madame Jorts, and it's amazing (is what I should have said, instead of the nervous laughter)I was here for a birthday dinner with a large group on a busy Friday night.  We had a drink at the bar while we waited for some campers to clear out so they could push our multiple tables together. Price tag aside, everything was amazing.  The crab cake appetizer was great, the fancy cocktails were delicious, the steaks were AMAZING.  I didn't hear one complaint form our large table.  I love the atmosphere, too - even the bathrooms were awesome. This isn't somewhere my budget will allow me to frequent, but it's definitely at the top of the list for a special occasion.  Maybe lunch or brunch are less of a splurge? May have to look into that.
<review# 164,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/18/2012,2/16/2013,23,333,,7,3>What a fantastic addition to the Nashville beer scene!Here's how it works - pick up a growler, hand it over to an employee & tell them what you want inside. Easy as that! I think I remember seeing a few options in bottles as well.My favorite part -- they have Goose Island! Be still, my heart.
<review# 165,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/14/2012,2/12/2013,57,113,2,3,4>I think the fact that Bread & Company is well known to being pricy and expensive... It's really no different from going somewhere else for a similar product. Everytime I pick up a salad from here and bring it to work, I get told.. Ooh wow, that is an expensive salad. But what's the difference from ordering take out from Tazzo or Salad from Chili's?  It's all about $10 each. All I can say is that the fat free vinegerette  dressing is tasty. The greens are always fairly fresh, and you can't beat a $7.99 salad with up to 6 toppings. Even if you got a salad from Ruby Tuesdays, you will pay about the same price. So, it's all about what you want. I would also reccommend the cranberry bread. The soups are pricey for the amount you get, but Turkey chili and Turkey sage soup is fabulous, plus winter  season is right around the corner...  Don't knock it till you try it...
<review# 166,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/27/2012,2/11/2013,11,15,2,7,3>The Skin Bar is the kind of go-to solution for people who are serious about good skin. They are a tiny, locally-owned boutique shop nestled in the heart of Brentwood, adjacent to their creperie and coffee bar, The Perch. For such a small location, they manage to personalize the experience by treating customers to samples of their luxurious products or by taking the time to talk about what is best for your skin. Because there is only one person working the front desk, you are likely to have to wait while the attendant answers the phone. However, the wait aside, the owners are personable, funny and highly knowledgable. Personally, I had a great experience during my facial. It was expensive but I actually saw a difference in my skin and now my husband is seeing results in his skin too! Besides doing a medical-grade facial, this is the next best thing.BTW- I don't know what the person who gave this place a 1 star was talking about. Sounds like a competitor because it wasn't based in reality.
<review# 167,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/19/2012,2/10/2013,29,125,2,5,3>Here are 6 things that I like about this Harris Teeter.1. The service. I've never gotten anything other than the best customer service at Harris Teeter. Oh you dropped and broke a dozen, organic eggs- it's okay. Oh you don't want to use self check out- I'll open up a line for you. One time I asked for help finding English muffins that were one sale but not on the shelf. The sales associate combed the store to help me find the last package of on sale wheat muffins. I may be ridiculous but Harris Teeter doesn't patronize me for it and I appreciate that. 2. Their store brand is pretty rocking. The Harris Teeter brand is usually pretty good and they offer an organic store brand. I'm okay with that. 3. They offer the price per oz on the labels in the aisle. I am ridiculously cheap and I'm constantly trying to save a penny. Those price per oz labels are really helpful. 4. Their produce is consistent, varied, and fresh. 5. They offer a pretty good selection of organic foods and brands.6. It's super close to my apartment. What? Don't act like you'd drive all over Nashville JUST to visit a grocery store. Location is important and this grocery store is conveniently located on the edge of Brentwood and Oak HIll.
<review# 168,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/5/2012,2/9/2013,43,89,,6,2>This is by far the best Chinese fair we've found in the Nashville area. The food here is DELICIOUS. The staff is very friendly and the food is fresh. This is our go to for Chinese. Our 2 little guys love it here too. Our older son likes to play with the owner's daughter and he loves, loves, loves the lo mein. If you're going to compare to a Chinese restaurant in Chicago or ATL even L.A. Don't. it's not that. Trust me, I want nothing more than to get up on a Sunday and grab dimsum. Now, if you want the best in the Nashville area, this is that place!Try them, you'll like it!
<review# 169,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/26/2012,2/8/2013,243,217,5,3,4>Ok so after a disappointing first time visit to Pie In the Sky Pizza, i decided to give them another try....I ordered a pepperoni pizza and I must say IT WAS REALLY GOOD!!..my waitress was very polite and friendly! My last complaint was about how the cook was dressed but this time around he looked like a cook doing the damn thing! (that's a good thing!) I felt more relaxed or more so less cautious with my food this time around. Even though there were a decent amount of people in there, I didn't have to wait long for my order and the waitress made sure I was comfortable and my glass full! Sooo lesson learned, never judge a book by its cover or the first couple of pages the first time! Everyone has an off day...:) I will be returning!
<review# 170,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/30/2012,2/7/2013,91,274,3,4,2>I was a big fan of Urban Flats, and until last night I didn't know that the place has changed their name, if not really their menu.  The names of the flatbreads are different but it was just like UF used to be.  And I'm ok with that.  LIke I said, I liked Urban Flats.  I like getting decent wine and good flatbreads with friends.  Though I am not sure what the style of this place would be considered...I saw people in jeans and T-shirts and other folks dressed up (I fell into that category).  It's fancy but casual...I guess it's the kind of place you could go no matter what mood you're in.My friend and I got their house salad which we both enjoyed.  I love when salads have pecans but face it, they're a pain in the butt to spear with a fork.  These were ground up a little bit, sticking nicely to the goat cheese, and I really liked the berry dressing (lightly added, a big plus, I hate when salads are drowning in dressing).  We each got a flatbread, mine being the steak and my friend's being a sausage and peppers one.  Both were really good.  You could easily split a flatbread or eat one yourself (like last night, we were starving, sharing was not necessary).  They had a happy hour with $4 glasses of wine (WIN!) and we had a really great server.  Overall we really enjoyed the experience and will be back.I can say in talking with other friends it seems the salads and flatbreads here are way to go, and the appetizers.  It seems to be where this place really shines, and I can agree with that.Also, remember this place is in the Gulch.  Parking is a pain and you are surrounded by really trendy places.  But its a good place to get a good meal, not too expensive, maybe just a dash pretentious.  But good food and service, and really good wine specials :)
<review# 171,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/24/2012,8/30/2012,54,150,,5,1>I hadn't been to the dentist in...let's just say "a long time." I knew I had a cavity. I have out of state dental insurance and did not know what dental offices were covered by my plan, but I called Dr. Pittman's office (based on my fellow Yelpers' reviews!) and Carol on the phone was really helpful. I scheduled a cleaning for the Monday after I called (less than a week!) and she offered to call my insurance company to see if I would be covered. My hygienist was really nice! She didn't judge me (too harshly) for not having been in for a cleaning in awhile. We got the insurance sitch straightened out, new X-rays, clean teeth and only a mild "you need to floss more" lecture. Best part -- you can watch TV while your teeth are being cleaned!Dr. Pittman was really nice and welcomed me to the dental family in his office. He and the hygienist (whose name is escaping me right now!) confirmed my cavity and we made an appointment for two days later. Got it filled and was in and out in less than an hour. ZOMG I had been SO nervous about finally going to the dentist but it was really painless and actually kind of pleasant!
<review# 172,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/1/2012,8/29/2012,8,74,2,3,2>I have been to MAFIAoZA's a lot over the past four or five years.  I love this place.  As you can probably tell, the theme of the place is the mafia.   A lot of the decor inside involves posters for mafia movies and shows like "The Godfather", "Goodfellas", "The Sopranos", etc.  I LOVE mafia films so this is right up my alley.  The names of the items on the menu are references to the mafia as well.  The menu includes a mix of pizza and pasta.  Some of my favorite items are:  "The Fed" which is an Italian sausage pizza, "The Joey" which is a spicy dish of pasta and Italian sausage, and "Ole Blue Eyes" which is spaghetti and meatballs.  I have had a good deal of other items as well and they have all been very good.  They have a large patio area out front which is great for people watching as people walk up and down the sidewalks there in the 12 South neighborhood.  There is also a large bar area as well for people who enjoy drinking.  The main dining area is very large as well.  This is one popular restaurant so if you go during the weekend expect huge crowds and lots of noise.  There is a seating area in front of the stove where you can watch them cook pizzas.  They give children pizza dough to make their own creations and they bake them for the kids to eat after they are done.  MAFIAoZA's is open for lunch, dinner, and after hours.
<review# 173,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/1/2012,8/28/2012,30,72,3,5,4>I had my first therapeutic massage at Practical Massage and have to say it was very successful! Working out on a regular basis, I found my knee wasn't quite up for the strain and would become rather tight forcing me to cancel my workouts sometimes.But after a 30 min session with Tonya, I was able to run almost 5 miles two days later!  The difference it made was HUGE! While I'm not sure how long the pain will stay away, it was still immensely helpful.  For $55 it totally worth it.The staff is very friendly and has a flexible schedule.  If you have some knots that won't go away, or just need to relax, I highly recommend Practical Massage!
<review# 174,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/28/2012,8/27/2012,69,191,,5,1>Love the Belcourt. Membership is highly recommended since you get discounts every ticket you buy, and with the constantly changing schedule, you will buy a lot. A huge plus is that the you can get your drink on while watching a flick on the big screen. This is one of the coolest places in Nashville.
<review# 175,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/8/2012,8/26/2012,38,54,6,4,3>Wow.  I had the very great pleasure of trying this place at Movies In The Park yesterday and haven't stopped thinking about it since.  Someone else there told me to try it, as their biscuits made "Loveless biscuits taste like cardboard."   What-ever!Yowzer.I had the East Nasty ($8) without gravy and holy shizNIT that was that was more than a wild dream.  While I still love Loveless biscuits, these were quite possibly the best, or in stiff competition with the best.  And the freaking fried chicken?  Best I have EVER had.  My intent was to order and go back home, only a mile away, a.k.a. 1 min drive.  I made it home with less than half left.  For shame!  And...glory?  Yes.All of their menu items are something laid atop biscuits; they have the Princess (hot chicken), and dessert-type ones, like with lemon curd and blackberries over the biscuit, and one with caramelized banana jam, other amazing sounding things, & chocolate...In conclusion, go stalk this truck.  They have only been open for a month so far and want you to want them...they make it more than easy to do!  Biscuit drugs!P.S. This review was written at 4:00am, when I awoke in a Biscuit-Love-recollection frenzy and decided I must immediately write the review.
<review# 176,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/3/2012,8/25/2012,70,64,,5,4>How can you live in Nashville and not LOVE Robert's Western World? Whether you visit during the daytime or nighttime, you are sure to be treated as a "local" and exposed to some of the best music, tastiest food and coolest beverages around.At lunchtime, the crowd isn't overwhelming, the live music is jamming and the grille is fired up serving everything from the Recession Special (PBR, fried bologna sandwich and potato chips for $5), hamburgers, chicken fingers, fried pickles, etc. It's a laid-back atmosphere and a perfect escape for a hard-working Nashvillian who just needs to get out of the office.At nighttime, Robert's is a whole different world. The music is incredible, the place is jam-packed, someone's always dancin' and the drinks are flowing. If you can't seem to get comfortable downstairs, check upstairs, where you can still find a good view of the live music. Dinner's served both up- and downstairs at night, too. And although I don't usually like to give away locals' secrets - the quickest entrance is upstairs in the back from the Ryman alley.Enjoy!
<review# 177,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/23/2012,8/24/2012,123,108,2,9,9>The East side just got a bit cooler...as if we weren't cool enough Logue's opened up at the corner of Gallatin and Trinity.Logue's Black Raven Emporium is the realized dream of a friendly married couple who decided to leave the Corporate world and open up a unique retail shop, emphasis being on unique. This labor of love is clean, organized and appealing to my inner freak. With a mix of original and local artwork (much of it by the owner himself), books, DVDs, clothing, shoes, handbags including new and vintage items that you just can't find in Nashville. Much of the clothing and collectibles are catered toward those with edgier taste, if you are looking for a polo or some Abercrombie this isn't the place, but for some unique classic cut pencil skirts, or Dita inspired hats and nylons you've hit the jackpot. I found a number of horror related memorabilia, post cards, DVDs, nightmare before Christmas items, and dresses I would LOVE to own.In addition to the edgy collection of items for purchase, there is also a theater! Yep, a theater. Not just any theater, a "Cult Fiction Underground" theater situated downstairs in their basement, decorated with antique furniture, movie ready seating, and a full bar! Logue's plays a select horror movie every weekend (Friday and Saturday evening starting at 6pm)  for two showings a night and the schedule is announced each week on their Facebook page. This couple's wildly cool, self proclaimed misfit spot is welcoming and fun for those of us who stray from the norm when looking for inventive and creative housewares and clothing. The movie theater tailored to Horror buffs is right up our alley, and my other half and I are looking forward to next weekend when we take in a horror flick and enjoy a cold beer with fellow horror fans! They also started up a Weirdo Bohemian Bizarre in which vendors can secure a spot to sell their local goods. I am hoping to get in on the fun in July. Last event was out of the garage in the building their share with the new Lone Wolf East location next door. I am definitely following their facebook page in hopes of supporting this local business!
<review# 178,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/26/2012,8/22/2012,41,39,11,7,8>The facts that I have never been bitten by an irradiated arachnid nor am a Kryptonite expat have been two of the biggest regrets of my life. Because of my ordinary human constitution, I have been forced to make due with purely pedestrian modes of transportation, governed by the strict and often cruel mistress named Gravity.Due to her draconian restrictions to terrestrial-based travel, I have never been able to fulfill my lifelong dream of shedding my Clark Kent/Peter Parker persona for the chance to don the metaphorical red and blue tights of personal flight.However, thanks to my recent Adventureworks...er...adventure, I was able to overthrow Mistress G's shackles and take to the air. Like a bird, or a plane, I would even dare say.Being my first foray into the world of zip lining, I took some time to carefully review Adventureworks detailed and informative site, fastidiously pouring over the plethora of knowledge contained within.  In other words, I looked them up online, saw the words "zip lining", grabbed their address and phone number, then excitedly proclaimed "Sa-weet!" to nobody in particular.Gave them a quick buzz, set up an appoint time with a guide for my buddy and I, then went to bed, eagerly dreaming of throwing of the weighty oppression that had plagued my transit for so long.The next day,me arrived on location 15 minutes before our tour time, in order for a quick safety lesson,as well as to strap into a rather..."intense" harness, that left me wondering if I needed to establish a safety word first.And then our adventure began, and once it did, our guide Chris emerged as the true superhero of the trip.  As neophytes, my friend and I were clueless as to the intricacies of zip line based human flight. Chris, however, made us feel at ease, explaining everything in a clear and easy manner.Now, as for the zip lining itself? Amazing in ways that would make even the Justice League envious. And since there was gratefully neither audio or video evidence captured of it, I am going to maintain my stance that no, in fact, I didn't spread my arms and proclaim myself "king of the world" during one particularly titanic zip.A word to the wise , however. When you decide to take your own airborne adventure, make sure to wear clothes that you don't mind getting a bit messy. Inevitably, some of my landings were a bit more rear-end based than I had hoped (a fact that was, unfortunate, preserved on video). What can I say, though? Fighting gravitational crimes can be dirty work.  But I'm happy to say that I would have made Superman proud. Or at least moderately bemused.
<review# 179,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/14/2012,8/20/2012,243,217,,5,4>Famous Dave's...Brought my fiance here for mothers day and she thinks I am the man now!!!!.THE GOOD: Man the food here is pretty good!! Being I'm from TX where I feel the State that created good Barbeque, this place can hold its on! Best Part is the cornbread mufins...mmmmm reminds me of grandma's cornbread! so good I ordered 3 to take home. The few selections of Barbeque sauce were not very impressive but to each his own. They give you a choice of barbecue sauce to take home which i think is pretty kool. Prices not to bad, paid about $30 bucks for 3 of us but we also had appetizers and extra cornbread...:)!THE BAD: Hard as hell wooded seats so its a good thing the food makes up for it!...other then that I will return!
<review# 180,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/17/2012,8/19/2012,57,108,,4,5>This is a hidden gem in Green Hills.  I was needing some supplies for Cinco De Mayo and was having a terrible time finding anything at a reasonable price.  Shindigs is the way to go.  They are very reasonable, especially compared to Party City and other chains.  Plus they have a lot to choose from! Any celebration or party type is covered.  I was able to get a bunch of stick on mustaches and other silly things and it didn't break my bank.  I will definitely go back any time I need any other random party supply.
<review# 181,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/16/2012,5/13/2012,66,262,2,7,8>What is the Porter Road Butcher Shop? A resturant? A deli? On Monday's the owners go visit all their area farmers. They know their farmers well. They even go to some Amish Farms. Anyways, They buy whole cows, pigs, goats - load em up and bring em on over to the hood on Gallitin. Then they chop, make, bake, cut it all up where its all used and sell it. They make even roast beef and Italian sausage. So as the week goes on everything sells and by Sunday most of the cases are empty because we'll they sold all the meets. They gas up the truck and head out Monday again to do the same thing. If you need a certain meat, or amount call em, tell em and they'll get it. They might be the nicest people ever. And they have cheese there too, which is great, but I'll save that story for another day. Hooray for Local Businesses!
<review# 182,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/11/2011,5/12/2012,40,166,11,9,8>Dear Jed's, You are a sports bar. It says so in your name. So why did you have the CMA's on the big screen playing out loud when I wanted to watch the Predators game? You switched it to the hockey game once the awards were over, but until then I had to read closed captioned commentary on the smaller TV while listening to Taylor Swift make some sort of dying animal noises into a microphone.  Your food was really good (great fries & sliders), beer selection was good, and I love that it's 2 for 1 on Wednesday night, but I'm still a little mad at you. I'll be back, but please don't pull that crap again.Sincerely, Hockey Fan
<review# 183,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/21/2012,5/11/2012,148,641,4,8,6>Germantown cafe had long been on my list of places to eat at here in music city, and when restaurant week rolled around I figured it would be a good way to sample. I made my reservations for my boyfriend and I a week in advance and it's a good thing I did, they were packed on Friday night, but absolutely organized and smooth about all the people coming and going. The place is modern, sheik, not too noisy and well laid out. I dug it. We arrived early and were seated with a pleasant view of downtown. Although service was attentive, friendly, and almost too polite in an obnoxious sort of way, our food took a while. Not that I was in some sort of rush but I did feel like I was waiting. Although I was desperate to try their baked brie in phyllo dough we did decide just to stick with the restaurant week menu. Two salads (or soup) with two entrees and two desserts for $40.50. Considering their normal prices it was a pretty sweet deal. Now the small house salad was uneventful. Lettuce tomatoes and dressing, I won't bother with that again. I ended up ordering the New Orleans Shrimp, which is served over spicy rice with greens. Not bad, not thrilling. My boyfriend ordered the Dover Sole but ended up receiving the coconut salmon instead. We didn't make a fuss, as the salmon was pretty darn tasty. The greens on both plates were boring.Now the parts of my meal that I really liked were their bread rolls, which are really croissant flavored beignets with a little bit of that fried Fairgrounds food flavor tossed in (that's my description anyway). Good Lord they made the whole damn meal worth it. Apparently for breakfast they serve these magical little dough pillows with cinnamon butter. At dinner whipped butter was plenty to make these things taste like heaven on earth. I can't stress to you their amazingness. Now we also ordered cheesecake and the walnut apple pie for dessert. The cheese cake was good, but the walnut apple pie was stellar. A nutty, sweet and the best part, salty pie served with their cinnamon apple ice cream. I liked Germantown, I'm not head over heels in love. We decided that if we do come back, we'll probably sit at the bar (they serve a full menu there) order prosecco, baked brie, and stuff ourselves with their rolls. Sounds good to me.
<review# 184,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/25/2012,5/9/2012,9,87,2,6,5>I've had a lot of pasta in my life. A LOT. When you have an Italian grandmother, it's hard to avoid.I attended an event last week that was catered by Mirko; I'd heard of them before and driven by their place seeeeveral times but I'd never stopped in. Thankfully I was finally able to at least taste their food and I loooooooooooooooooooved it!They have probably the best pasta I've ever tasted in my LIFE--which is saying something considering I spent two weeks in Italy last summer. It's so smooth and creamy! I guess handmade does make a difference, huh?Also, I'd just like to add that their rolls are addictive. I ate four of them within a 3 or 4 hour span...heh.
<review# 185,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/29/2011,5/8/2012,55,189,4,7,7>The great thing about Darfon's is that the atmosphere screams upscale bar without the upscale prices. I went for lunch with some coworkers the other day. I decided to go with something light and ordered their Cobb salad. Man, I was not ready for how big this salad was. It was enough to feed 2 people.... 3 if they're tiny. It cost only $10.00 too!I also consider myself a connoisseur of balsamic vinaigrette and their honey balsamic dressing is probably the most delicious dressing I have ever had.Definitely worth a visit.
<review# 186,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/10/2012,5/7/2012,194,461,5,6,7>It's been a long time, I shouldn't of left you....REMIX!  It's been about a year since I've been to the Wild Cow. Seriously, what have I been doing? Time sure flies around here.  Last night we walked in to find out 1.  They now offer table service, 2.  A waitress will greet and seat you and 3. The menu has changed.  I have to say, my gripes from my previous trips are staring to be ironed out.  They are making vegan food in its own right!  No more of this meat dish remade as vegan thing.  Last night I ordered the FarEastland bowl and wow.  My partner commented on how quiet I was and I couldn't even respond, I was too busy eating.  The peanut sauce was just the right amount, the kale was delish and the tofu on point.  I actually didn't need the brown rice underneath.  As for other items on their menu they are really starting to use tempeh, seitan and quinoa.  Interestingly enough the menu has a heavy Mexican influence. Not complaining!  The lentils side was yummy which means I'm probably going to end up eating the lentils bowl on my next trip.  If you haven't been to the Wild Cow lately you definitely need to stop in and taste their revamped menu!
<review# 187,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/4/2011,5/6/2012,243,217,,5,4>First of all I love Bailey's Sports Bar in Antioch was the first bar I went to once we moved down here. So when the "Other Place Sports Bar" showed up I figured what the heck its right up the street from my neighborhood so I checked it out. Its nowhere the same size as Bailey's but I like the setup for this small place, it could use more then 1 pool table but overall its pretty cool spot! Food is absolutely great (recommend the fried catfish plate..hmmmm!!!) The mild wings have/has the right amount of sauce on them and the chips they come on just add to the flavor. Only issue is the wait staff takes A LONG TIME to get to you and after you order sometimes its even longer...good thing the food is worth the Wait will go there again, and again, and again....!
<review# 188,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/23/2011,5/5/2012,122,201,4,4,6>My review is two fold; one based on the holey roundness, two on the space.What is great about Bagel Face is that you also make the wonderful bagel face when consuming their products. They started with sampling bagels to locals via the listserv, had a smaller location in Riverside Village and now have a much larger and centrally located spot on Main.Their selection of bagels are usually limited to 6-9 varietals. They regularly feature specialty blends. I walked away with cranberry pumpkin bagels today. If you don't get their early, they sometimes run out of certain specialty bagels. I missed out on the garlic rosemary today. I may have to pray to the holey higher ups next time (please let their be garlic rosemary bagels). The space is kinda sparse. It feels too big for its britches. I would like to see some cool lounges or booths along the wall. Four tops just bore me. They do have a neato mural on the east wall.Overall, definitely the best bagels in town. They do offer a limited selection of cream cheeses. I'll write about that at a later time.Until then, go get your bagel face on and learn about this new little bagelry.
<review# 189,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/25/2012,5/3/2012,63,108,,7,5>I heart Interasian Market.As so many people have said in their reviews, their deli has THE BEST banh mi in Nashville.  The ingredients are fresh and perfectly portioned, resulting in the most delicious $2.75 sandwich you will ever eat.  I usually call ahead and pick them up if that's the only thing I'm going there for.  Otherwise, if you need to do a little shopping, order one from the cashier and then pick up everything else.  Your banh mi will be waiting for you when you're ready to check out.The produce section is great and they have just about anything you'd want to find at most Asian markets.  Fresh coconuts, rambutans, lychee, durian.  They regularly have chicken and duck balut for sale.  You can buy them individually or by the carton.Lots of seafood variety in the freezer, although I have yet to find any unagi (fresh water eel) or bulk masago(smelt roe) there.CASH ONLY.  Don't forget.
<review# 190,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/15/2011,5/2/2012,53,213,4,6,5>This place is essentially a Persian/Pakistani/Bangladeshi place passing off under an Indian guise. The very fact that there are fewer vegetarian choices than meat ones give away that fact. However, having said that, I must report that their Tandoor dishes are easily some of the best in the country. Seriously. I have been eating Indian food for a decade and I have never seen Naans so fluffy and flavorful. As mentioned, vegetarian dishes in the appetizers and main course seem like an afterthought, but what exist are really good. If one requires more choices, one is best pointed to Bombay Bistro across the street.
<review# 191,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/12/2011,2/20/2012,6,89,,4,2>I'm not into the bar scene. It just ain't my thing. But someone at work gave me a tip that this is a pretty cool place if you like beer. I don't like beer, but my husband does, so last night, we headed out to check it out. With more than 50 beers on tap (we tried to count how many there were but stopped after 50), the husband was in beer heaven.I, on the other hand, am all about the food. If the food or the service is rotten, I won't go back. Luckily, that was not the case. We tried the fried gator tail, expected it to be, um, not good, and surprisingly, it was less chewy and more flavorful than calamari. It really does taste like chicken! We both had sandwiches, and they were okay but not much to write home about. What I did love was their fries. They serve steak fries, and I am a steak fry fan. Hot, crispy, and fresh is hard to beat.All in all, we liked it, and we have plans to take our beer connoisseur friends next time.
<review# 192,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/20/2011,2/19/2012,69,191,,8,5>What do asian pear, jicama, potato sticks, and strawberries have in common?  They are some of the add-ons you could put in your sushi here.  If you are adventurous or a little kid like me and just wants to throw a bunch of stuff together, this is the place.  The price is not cheap but the playfulness makes up for it.  They also have a set menu and of course you can create the more common rolls like spicy tuna avocado if you so desire.  There are also dessert sushi which I did not try since I'm not a sweet person.  I had their commodore roll and the stop drop roll.  I prefer the commodore over the stop drop roll since it wasn't as spicy as I expected and a lot more creamy.  I also built my own: Escolar (White Fish), spicy salmon, mango, jalapanos in a seaweed wrap with dynamite mayo and eel sauce.  It came out pretty good if I do say so myself.Also this would be a good place to go if you are vegetarian or have friends who are.
<review# 193,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/14/2011,2/18/2012,123,108,,3,3>The man and I visited Rosepepper for lunch, mainly because if I am going to try somewhere I may or may not like, I'd rather pay for a lunch special than a more expensive dinner and risk being let down and for more money!Rosepepper is not an inexpensive restaurant in my opinion for the style of food. The portions are minimal in comparison to more traditional Mexican/Latin restaurants, however, I did appreciate the quality. I ordered the Chimi (about as nontraditional as you can get I know) with Chicken and the Flautas with shredded chicken as part of the lunch combo it comes with rice and beans as well.The rice was nothing special, very basic rice with what appeared to be frozen veggies fried in but I am okay with that, it tasted good! The beans were very good, there are so many ways to go wrong with beans, too salty, not salty enough, too runny, too dry - the beans were spot on. The chips were good, the salsas were very tasty I particularly liked the salsa verde and took a small amount with me for my leftovers. The only downside was the chicken was a tad bit bland. The quality was definitely there, appeared to be shredded breast meat rather than a hodge podge of fat and dark meat that you may find at other places, but it lacked a bit of seasoning. I would have been elated if it had more flavor, overall though it was a good meal. Our service was exceptional. The waitress was very attentive, friendly and accommodating to our 13 month old Son. She brought him water with a lid and straw, and when placing hot plates on the table was careful to place everything out of his reach. This is a huge deal breaker for us as Parents.I like that this is situated in the East End area near Ugly Muggs and other East Nash favorite, but I dare say that is why you will notice the slightly steeper prices. The food is good, the service is welcoming and friendly, the patio is lovely and I am sure it is a lot of fun at happy hour or in nice weather, we were there during rain! :( I would definitely try other items on the menu and would like to return this fall to enjoy the patio.
<review# 194,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/16/2012,2/17/2012,40,166,4,6,6>yes. yes. yes.This little gem hidden off of Charlotte Pike is quickly becoming one of my favorites. It's a sister restaurant to Cafe Coco, which I'm also a huge fan of. One side is the restaurant, covered in old family photos which make it look charming and authentic (which it definitely is), but also sporting a few big flat screens. The other side is a store, selling everything from olive oil to meat to floppy hats that resembles pizza.  Two different people have described the layout as a "classy Cracker Barrel."Everything is homemade from scratch, as the misshapen pizzas will prove to you.  The homemade meatballs are amazing! Every pasta I've tried has also been delicious and the desserts are to die for (try the "chocolate explosion." Seriously). The portions are huge, the prices are affordable and the atmosphere is authentic Italian... During my last visit our table discussed how many of the families on the wall must be mob-affiliated....Warning: The pizzas are huge! Just because it's only $8, don't make our mistake and assume it's a personal pizza! My next visit will be on a Tuesday night for the $9 pizza & pint night that was advertised on the menu! Score!
<review# 195,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/15/2011,2/16/2012,31,17,,8,5>This place is very good. There wasn't a long line to order and the workers seemed truly happy to have your business which is unlike the other more popular hot chicken spot. I ordered the xxhot since I normally get xhot at Princes. I was told that the wait would be 20 minutes, and my food was in my hand in exactly 20 minutes. A PLUS!!! It was great weather on Saturday so I was able to sit outside at their picnic tables. When I got home, I noticed that the chicken was a little darker red. The taste is different from Princes. It must be due to different spices that Pepperfire uses.The chicken was cooked well and tasted good. Although the taste was different, I enjoyed it thoroughly. I would go back again.  I love that they are open on Sundays. I also tweeted that I had a great experience and the owners tweeted me back to say thanks! Great use of social networking.
<review# 196,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/26/2011,2/15/2012,116,191,,7,3>I'm almost afraid to mention it, but if you are downtown for an event (TPAC, War Memorial, Municipal, etc.), this is the place to go if you want a nice meal/drink but not a crowd. On numerous occasions, I have bypassed the long beer line at War Memorial to hop across the street and have a delicious cocktail in between sets or acts. Not even kidding, one of the last times I did this the same folks were still waiting in line for their overpriced keg beer. What really sets this place apart, is the food. I never expect much from hotel dining, certainly not in the bar; but this is the exception. The BF and I popped in here after the roller derby Saturday night for one last drink and much needed sustenance. We ended up splitting a cup of the crab and corn bisque (pretty darn good! More corn than crab, but high flavor). My boyfriend had a Reuben w/ fries and I had a cheeseburger w/ fries. I never order burgers, but after a long night of roller girls, I was famished. I didn't try it, but my boyfriend loved his Reuben. It was piled high on marble rye and the cheese was literally oozing out the sides. My burger was the same, cheese wise. It was cooked to a perfect medium well and smothered with delicious cheddar, crisp lettuce and onions and a fresh tomato (which is a feat this time of year). The fries were equally tasty. After all of that, the tab was very much on the cheap side. About $30 for two large meals, a cup of soup a beer and a soda. Not bad at all!
<review# 197,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/18/2011,2/14/2012,39,127,3,12,3>A couple of days ago I got my 3rd tattoo from Black 13 and could not be happier with the work I had done! I have got 2 tattoos from Black 13. Each time has been equally amazing. Everything from the building location to the professional attitudes of the artists is superb. They know how to run a business well. That is a key part of making or breaking a tattoo shop for me. If the shop looks outdated and has a weird vibe or if the shop has arrogant people running it I would not get a tattoo there even if it was free. I am not about to have someone put something on my body forever if I am not comfortable with the person, the shop, and many other aspects. Black 13 Tattoo Parlor supersedes all of the major key factors of a good tattoo company. This shop is wonderful! The guys can work with you on drawing up anything you may want to get on you. They are all very willing to help in anyway they can. They are all very nice and professional. The list goes on...In particular I am a huge fan of Marty "Riet" McEwen. He is awesome! Great dude, with a serious gift. He is amazing at tattooing (as are all the guys here). Take a look at Marty's portfolio on the website of work he has done. He can spray paint a wall like you have never seen anyone do! Very unique style. Awesome! Overall I give this place MORE THAN 5 STARS!!!
<review# 198,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/18/2011,2/13/2012,35,199,,4,2>Since we now live less than a mile from this Publix, we shop here quite a bit.  There are so many things I like about this place:The Deli: great selection of meats & cheeses.  And they offer the first slice as a sample....nice.  I've gotten a sandwich here as well and it was really good.  I'm also a fan of their "submarine dressing"....gotta try it.The Bakery: the freshly baked breads are great, and they will actually break open any package for you.  For instance, if they have a bag of 4 hoagies, but you only want 2, they'll do it for you.  Love it!The Customer Service: there's always someone there when you need assistance, and they are always so darn nice.  I was checking out yesterday, and I notice my organic portobellos rang up a dollar more than they should.  I asked if they could correct the price, and they actually took it off my bill!  I don't know if that is standard practice but that was awesome.So yeah, I will be back here again and again!
<review# 199,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/9/2012,2/12/2012,107,187,2,6,4>Saffire makes me smile. It's got a bar as big as the restaurant, amazing cocktails, a phenomenal wine list, and a killer pork tenderloin.  Add a hip modern warehouse vibe that's always packed and what more could a girl want????
<review# 200,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/5/2011,2/11/2012,66,262,,7,6>I'm in love with this place. It's in an old massive white house. It has creaky wood floors and dim lighting. It has fish and chips and bangers and mash and Guinness on tap. Long wooden tables and an authentic irish band most nights. It's really loud and the service is quick, 'what'll have?" attitude. We went on a Saturday Night about 7pm. Every table was seated and there was a 45 minute wait. A few birthday parties, tons of families. No parking spot to be had. We finally got a spot at the bar. Even though the menu is a bit limited everything we got was great. I recommend: Kettle Chips Mozzarella Cheese SticksFish and Chips. Even though they were so busy, our food came out in less than 10 minutes and was good. They say to reserve your table 24 hours in advance. They said they are very busy on the weekends. This place is loud but I'm okay with that because its a loud-sing-songy irish bar/restaurant. The service just how I like, no chit-chat, straight up and too the point. "Want another!?" yes! yes I do! I look forward to going back forsure and maybe getting there a bit earlier to get primo seating.There's even an upstairs bar i didn't even get to check out! Only downside, it can be kinda a haul depending where you live ad a bit sneaky to find. Still a 5-star place in by book! Cheers!
<review# 201,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/16/2014,3/16/2014,44,103,1,6,4>I awoke at 830 this morning and already knew where I wanted to spend my Sunday morning/early afternoon. Back to try a couple more brewed concoctions from this laid back joint, I grabbed a seat this time, center stage. Great view on this warm (49deg), sunny day (finally) through the large window facing 8th ave S, I sat with my brew. Having had only a latte here in the past, I chose a stronger drink to start with. First up: the Cubano, I feel like they get smaller and smaller these days, depending where you go, but even so, this one really packs a punch. With 2 sugars in the raw, the flavors really come out and dance on your tongue. Looking to try the Cafe con Leche on a future visit. Next up: an iced caramel 20oz latte. It was everything I hoped it would be- not too sweet and lots of roasted coffee flavor. Tip: the caramel sauce is gluten free!If you haven't already heard, they have CRAFT BEER here! The hubby enjoyed a Good People Pale Ale. Great choice for non-coffee lovers like himself.The Vanilla Bean Latte I've had on a previous visit, was good, but I couldn't trace much vanilla in the flavor.I will def keep them in mind for iced coffees as the weather warms up (that almost seems like a joke these days, ha).Also to note- good mixed crowd: some students, though not obnoxious, minor hipsters sighted and average coffee lovers like me.
<review# 202,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/3/2014,3/15/2014,217,312,12,13,10>I have been meaning to get to Chef Sean Brock's Nashville branch of Husk for some time now, but life, children, work, more life and the need to let them get the opening kinks worked out pushed back my timeline.  Next thing I knew, it was December.And along the way, I had heard all sorts of rumblings: the food was awesome, service was uneven, it was impossible to get in for dinner, very different experiences at lunch and dinner, etc.  And then my wife went there for lunch with a friend who had recently made partner with her firm, and she shot me a picture of the veggie plate as a taunt. Of course you know, this means war.  My wife, a beautiful, intelligent lady, was unfortunately raised to be a vegetarian by her pesky parents.  Which means that the best parts of this restaurant are lost to her.If you didn't already know, Chef Brock is one of the leading figures in the Lardcore movement.  This crew believes that pork fat has gotten a bad rap and is doing everything in its power to bring it back.  Like whipped honey lard butter for your rolls - it's in there.  Or  lard caramel.  Or lard cotton candy.So, on a night when my family was out of town and I found myself exhausted from weeks of working without a day off, I managed to squeeze myself into a reservation for a party of 2 (which would have no other half).First off, the outside of Husk is beautiful - it is a historic home that looks like any other from the outside and there is a great smell of wood smoke that hits you as you approach.  Once you enter, it is warm and cozy, the perfect cure for a cold winter's night.The hostess led me down to the bottom floor (after I gave the bullshit excuse that my dining companion's flight had been delayed) and along the way I got a great view of the kitchen upstairs.  The upstairs leads to a beautiful two story open space enclosed in windows.  I was led to my table and my server, a friendly lass named Cassidi, was attentive and made sure a beverage menu was put in my face ASAP.It was a tough call because frankly, in addition to having a great wine list, they have a well-designed cocktail program, and a perfectly curated list of beers and ciders - bottled or draft.  And they even have an assortment of famous Southern sodas and non-alcoholic cocktails, although really? I opted for the "Old Sorgy #2"  - a takeoff on the classic "Old Fashioned".  It was perfect - very rich and delightfully boozy.  Sorghum makes everything better.  It was served in a great lowball glass that has a punt at the bottom.As I was working on cocktails and sussing out my courses on the menu, they delivered an amazing fresh roll wrapped in a napkin served with a side of love.At some point, I opted for the Charcuterie Plate to start off.   I kind of danced around the plate with my eyes.  On the platter was some lamb sausage, aged ham, cured pork shoulder and beef tongue, some house pickles, house-made dijonnaise fresh light rolls (HEY LOOK, SOMEONE SERVED CHARCUTERIE WITH BREAD OR CRACKERS, FANCY THAT ARNOLD MYINT, YOU WORTHLESS NO TALENT REALITY TELEVISION TRASH!)  Ahem.  Anyway, holy mackeral, everything was a treat, and especially the tongue, which was so tender and flavorful.  Melted in my mouth.  And it was all served on a large slab o' wood.  Perfect.For my main course, I opted for the Bear Creek Farm beef; I think it was a hanger steak?  The chef recommended it medium, which is generally more done than I go, but I went with it.  Along with it was charred greens, shitake mushrooms, soooooo much marrow jus and... well hold on.They took brioche and pureed it, turning it into a kind of perfect meat condiment/pudding.  It was everything I wanted it to be.  Also on the side; a was a freeze-dried beef tendon they had turned into some sort of crackling-like material and dusted with something else that tasted amazing.  Surprise.  And I loved the pottery plates - they were beautiful.I threw Cassidi a curve ball and asked for a specific glass of wine just as my dinner was served.  SHE CAME BACK IN LESS THAN TWO MINUTES.  That is awesome.  I didn't miss a degree of heat from my entrée.  And the only strangeness from the service, which was excellent, was that my server would leave in front of me and appear completely unseen behind me due to the nature of the floor plan which freaked me out, but at the same time was mysterious.I finished my meal so happy, but couldn't resist topping things off with a dessert.  Of all of the options, there was really only one choice, the Pumpkin Buttermilk Pie, which was supposed to be served with a Tokaji, but since I wanted to make it home without ending up in a ditch, I opted for fresh black coffee.It was perfect in every way, and again, I loved the plates and cups.  Only 20 or so trips and I could probably swipe a whole set for my house.   When I left, I swear I skipped on the way out.  Places like The Farm House can go ahead and shut down.
<review# 203,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/18/2014,3/14/2014,18,256,5,10,6>This would be about a 4.5, and for kids it's a total 5+.  Here's the deal, you sit around a hot griddle (see pics) and cook your own grub.  Pancakes, potato pancakes, eggs, etc... I would echo other comments that if you are not into cooking stuff for yourself, then go to waffle house or the like.  I love the multi-grain pancake mix, and you can get berries, chocolate chips, etc. to put in or on your griddle cakes.  The only serious criticism I have is the coffee, it's ok but it's no 8th and roast either.It can get seriously crowded on weekends, we got lucky and beat the sleep-in/hipster crowd, but by the time we left, there was a serious wait in the cozy (read small) lobby. Came another time on a weekday, and it was not nearly as crazy.  Breakfast and Lunch only.  I would come back to Pfunky griddle.
<review# 204,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,1/25/2014,3/13/2014,186,329,8,13,8>City House is good.  People enjoy City House, and I enjoyed City House.  But, this is another "it's good, but there are better" places in Nashville.  And, since the 3-star rating says "A-OK" next to it in big capital letters, I have rated City House for what it is:  A-OK.The wine and cocktail menus are quite nice -- although disappointing that they did not have spherical ice for my whiskey aperitif but that's OK, I suppose, as so few do here.  The whiskey was still nice as were the appetizers: cauliflower served with pomegranate and almonds was one and the other was a Salami and cheese.  Good.  Yes.  Blow me out of the water great.  No.  The cauliflower at Josephine and Etch are better.  For dinner, I ordered a nice chianti (sans fava beans and sans some victim's liver).  But, I did order the House Made Belly Ham, Mozzarella, Grana Padano, Oregano, and Chilies pizza.  The pizzas are thin crusted and can easily serve two normal sized humans.  Again, I thought it was good.  But, it was not any better than eating at Mafiaoza's and Mafiaoza's is not all that great.  Both are just A-OK.  Was it edible and good?  Yes.  Did I leave wanting to shank anyone on Yelp who blasphemed City House's food?  No.  I wouldn't fight anyone over returning to the place. But I'd go back if asked. So, you can go give it a try.  It is OK after all.  Just please do not blame me if you leave thinking it was just OK.
<review# 205,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/11/2014,3/11/2014,210,147,14,10,11>Wow, Santa...your place...my goodness.This pub has become quite the little hot spot in Nashville...and I am not entirely sure why. Granted, it's...interesting...in about every sense of the word. It may be the Christmas decor found year around, the karaoke setup and frequency, the beer selection (Ahhahaha! Just kidding!), or the fact it's located in a double-wide with a HUGE Santa mural painted on the side...I mean, who knows why DROVES of people come from near and far to see what Santa and his trashy minions are up to, but they do. Seriously.Oh yeah, and there is a dude there that looks like Santa. Perhaps he's the owner? IT'S TOO LOUD TO ASK!"WHAT DID YOU SAY?!? YOU NEED A MASK?"Anyway...This hole-in-the-wall is complete with the trailer trash feel when one is in a looooong line to use the facilities, and ten people are smoking around you. However, the nice deck around the trailer is really the only thing NICE about this place. Great for when you really need that breath of fresh air...and yes, you're gonna need it.Leave your taste for good beer, and the plastic to pay for it, at home. They won't be needed here in PBR heaven. Cash only, ya elf! And don't forget to wear your snow boots to trudge through the mud craters!So you ask, would I go back? Hell yeah I would!
<review# 206,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/15/2013,3/10/2014,78,240,10,11,5>Like many of us on the East Side, I had long awaited the opening of The Treehouse.   I watched the local artisan-crafted furniture and tableware arriving, saw menu teasers, and spied on the construction over the fence on my way to 5 spot dancing. After my first visit, The Treehouse certainly did not disappoint!My friend and I were lucky enough to snag a seat at the bar so we could watch everything that was going on in the open kitchen.  (Note to whomever those girls were watching said kitchen by pressing their faces to the stained glass window from the patio: the bar is how you do it. Your way was creepy.)  I started with a glass of cava and a high-grav for my beer only companion. The drink list and wine selection was well thought out and featured several great choices that won't break the bank. We had several dishes, all delicious,but the tiradito was definitely my favorite. The flavors popped and the presentation was stunning.  We ran out of appetite before we ran out of dishes we wanted to try so we will definitely be returning.   I would recommend The Treehouse to anyone who wants to stay in the Points (because, let's face it, who ever wants to cross the river?), and have a great meal, or share a small dish and a bottle of wine with friends.
<review# 207,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/8/2014,3/9/2014,159,379,3,9,6>This review is for coffee, period.I think a coffee shop should be first evaluated for its flagship enterprise, coffee! This boutique roaster offers a full gamut of drinks. I opted for the "mamas house roast drip" for my inaugural visit. It was perfect. The deep rich flavor of this dark roast danced on my tongue the way a cup of delight should. The balance full flavor with low acidity was a great way to show love to your tongue and pick up mental boost.I can't wait to try their other drink offerings and their food. Based on their flagship, I'm assuming it's all good. If I evaluated this place as a "coffeeshop" it would have earned three stars because the hard seating options prevent this from being a place where I would hang out. What's really impressive is there coffee is the most affordable boutique roasted around. ($12 for a pound!)
<review# 208,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/5/2014,3/8/2014,55,171,,4,4>Best Mediterranean food in the area hands down! Too bad I have to drive all the way to Lenox Village to eat there. The place is a little odd inside. Only a few tables to sit at. It's never busy when we go, so we've always had a table. I've met the owner and he is from Jordan. His background is probably the reason this place is a little different than the usual Greek inspired Mediterranean establishments.Get the Plato's Delight appetizer, which is edamame, corn, garlic, and red pepper sautéed in white wine and spices, drizzled with tahini sauce. It's amazing!I usually get the duo plate with chicken and gyro meat. The gyro meat here always melts in your mouth. So good!We have begged for them to open up a second location in Cool Springs. We can dream, right? In the meantime, we'll make the drive every so often here because it's so worth it!
<review# 209,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/15/2014,3/7/2014,119,224,4,8,4>Solid, but I have a few reservations. First off, my experience differs from your average cool Nashville cat as I went for lunch, on a Sunday, with a teenager and a baby.For the time we went, with the sparse crowd - the game amount was absolutely fine. About 8ish arcade games and 3 or 4 TV's you can hook up to those new fangled xbox one's and PS 4's (among other retro options, like NES and Sega). The teenager with us dug playing some NBA14 and his wings ($10). I enjoyed a rousing game of Connect 4 with a friend, which I could participate in with a baby in my lap. My ham and apple slaw sandwich ($8) was really good, the fries were just okay IMO, but my 9 month old loved them.I really really dig that the games are free. The beer prices make up for that in the business model I think. Everything is about .50 cents to $1.50 overpriced, which is totally fine. I just fear once the place gets busy and the fun games are taken up - you are just left with overpriced beer and no games?My friend Jen noted her disappointment with the loudish 'sportsball' games on 3 or so of the televisions - she feels it subtracted from the fun 80's retro feel of the place. But I mean, its Sunday in the South. I sort of expect that most places, especially Demonbreun. She made a valid point though.Our service was wonderful, very attentive and seemed cool with the families taking up shop for a little longer than average. I am curious about the model as you know the table turn around will be slow with the games available.All in all, my recommendation is to make this a daytime early spot. You'll have a better chance of getting a shot at the Donkey Kong Jr. machine or Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles on Nintendo, so have a Bloody Mary or pint and enjoy lunch!Last note, I loved the Mario and Princess on the bathroom doors. More geeky theme decor would be appreciated I think!
<review# 210,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/2/2013,3/6/2014,627,968,8,6,5>My friend was in town and we wanted to do a fun tour so I thought of NashTrash tours.  HOWEVER even a month in advance these tours are SOLD THE FUCK OUT.  It must be a testament to their badass-ness because I can never find a tour available.  (I have already looked for a tour in November when my friends are here and nope, two months in advance, sold out.)  So my first tip is PLAN AHEAD.When you find an open date, you have to follow a list of instructions to reserve.  You call, leave a message with specific info, then they write back, then you have to reply, then you are in and they will charge your card when you take the tour.  Not hard, but detailed, so pay attention.  On the day of the tour you show up at Farmer's Market and line up at the pink bus.  They somehow didn't charge our cards, so they were taking money there (or cards).  I like how the lady asked us "where you hookers from?"  Just like me and my friends.  You can bring a cooler with beer if you desire.  I guess you could bring cokes too, but why, that's boring.So they have a new tour called Music Row Confidential with two singer/songwriters leading the tour.  This tour took us down one side of Music Row and up the other side.  Honestly, I go that way all the time as a shortcut to avoid 21st Ave but this time I got to hear what all the buildings are, who records there, and little stories about times past.  Plus these two sang funny original songs, joked around with everyone on the bus, and were just very entertaining.  At one point it stopped at the Row over in Midtown where you had the opportunity to take a pic on "stage" (for the tourists) or have a drink and see what was going on with the Vols game (for the locals...and it was not. good.)  Then back on the bus and back to Farmer's Market where you started.  It was a fun 90 minutes with some educational times and plenty of laughs.I highly recommend this if you are a local and want to find something different to do or if you are a tourist and want to take a tour that is fun and not like a herd of elephants being carted around.  And maybe one day I can go on the original NashTrash tour....a girl can only dream.
<review# 211,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/20/2013,9/6/2013,53,213,6,8,5>This place really is a riot. It should be a theme park! I swear, the first time I drove in, I thought I was going to get mugged. Every single  person there looked (and am sure was) like an ex-con. I drove up, and a guy politely inquired what I'd like done to my car. I asked for the whole deal, and he took over. With robotic efficiency, bunch of guys swarmed over the car, removed the mats, washed them, vacuumed every square inch, and then drove it into the car wash. Once out, another bunch of dudes neatly cleaned the tires and the insides, sprayed it with some air freshener, and I was good to go. The whole time I felt like someone was going to just up and disappear with my car (and I am ashamed at myself for thinking that). But they were courteous (even the toothless young cashier). I gave them a second shot (and everyone must) a few months later, and was rewarded with the same service.
<review# 212,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,4/8/2013,9/5/2013,220,423,10,20,5>I liked Rolf and Daughters, but I can't give them more than 3 stars after my first experience of the place. I was so excited to give this place a shot and decided to stop in on a Wednesday night with the hopes we could get in and grab a table since they are SO busy on the weekends and don't take reservations. We called ahead just in case...45 minute wait but they added our names on the list. We got there and ended up grabbing a seat at the bar instead. So far so good.There were only two bartenders working, and they were mirror hipster images and got our drink order pretty quickly. Then we waited and waited to order food. Let's just say this was the theme of our meal. But more on that later. The bartender wasn't friendly, and I get that acting above things is typically a hipster trait, but you are in the service industry. I didn't see him smile or act more than mildly interested all evening. Dislike. We ordered the brussel sprouts and artichoke dish to start and they were both pretty good. The sprouts were served shredded and cold, and definitely more unique than they are usually prepared. In my opinion they didn't have a ton of flavor, and the artichokes were a bit different as well, but not bad. After we finished our appetizers, we watched other tables around us getting their entrees. 20 minutes later, no food. 30 minutes later, no food. After we waited a bit longer, we decided to ask. Our hipster friend returned to say our food had not been "fired off" like it should have been, and for our wait he was going to take a glass of wine off our tab. He apologized but it was not very sincere but I'm not really sure how he felt as it is hard to tell through the hipster haze that surrounded him. About 10 minutes later our entrees arrived and they were very good. I had a pasta with mushrooms and it was excellent. Our entrees were great, so I give them that. However, the following is why I am not giving them 4 stars. Hipster Harry came back to say he had "done something better than take the wine off our tab." Cool. Free entree? Nope, he had put in a dessert for us instead. We polity told him thanks, but we were full and just wanted our wine taken off the bill. "But the kitchen is already making it. I can wrap it up for you to go if you'd like." Seriously? You are arguing with us about your F up? We insisted again, and he finally got the hint and begrudgingly took it off the bill. Your food is good, but I don't like the attitude. Can't say it would be my first choice again. Shame.
<review# 213,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/18/2013,9/1/2013,12,66,2,7,3>Food is absolutely delicious and ties with Vinh Long for my fave pho/viet place in Nashville. The service is meh -- it's not great by any means but it's not "terrible" either, they come out to get you a drink, get your order, and kind of just leave you be, which I actually like because I want to talk with my friends and I actually don't like getting disrupted every few minutes asking how I'm doing or if I need anything. If you need something, just signal the waiter over or find them and ask.Also, for those who complain about this being CASH ONLY...well, it's their business, if you don't have cash and know they're cash only, then don't go, it's that simple.Now for the food, it is fantastic. The pho is seasoned just right and full of flavor without being oily or too heavy. They also have really good ban mi (vietnamese sandwiches) as well as good non-pho dishes (although every time I go I always return to getting pho). My favorite combo is to get a ban mi and a small pho, which comes out to about ~$7 and is actually quite filling. The pho also makes a good "dip" to eat the ban mi with. Definitely a go-to spot for anytime I'm really hungry or when it's a cold night and you need something soupy and hot.
<review# 214,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/18/2012,8/31/2013,16,39,,4,1>To start, I no lie, tried to eat here at least 9 times. After the 9th, I was like, that's it, I give up I'm just not meant to eat here. I mean I drove over only to find it closed, or I'd check online and they wouldn't be open on that random day, I even went in sans cash (big mistake) However, I am glad I gave this one more (final this time) shot.Two words: Tortilla Soup. This is hands down the best tortilla soup I have ever had, sorry mom, this wins. It has yummy fresh veggies and whatever kind of corn is in there, is amazing. The soup is a big bowl and they use all mix and match bowls, which I find charming. I think it's about $5 for the bowl, which is plenty. I usually get a bowl of soup, 1 taco (I love the pork, REALLY good) and the jalepeno mint fresca (I think that is it) and it's about $9. Honestly, you could really just get the soup and the drink but I can't resist the taco (which are pretty large and about $2).  Tips to eat here: 1. Check their facebook page. No joke, as I said above, they have weird days/hours they are open. Don't get angry like I did and try to not eat here, you'll be sorry you did.2. Bring cash. The one time I actually made it in, maybe the 8th time or so, I was like, wow this is it I"m actually eating here, I knew what I wanted and BAM, I didn't have cash. Yeah, i was pissed.3. Go early if you are eating at their restaurant. I think they open at 11 and around 12, there will already be a line out the door. It's not huge inside, hence why it fills up fast.You should definitely not miss this place. It looks like a dive on the outside, which means you know it will be good!
<review# 215,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/3/2013,8/30/2013,81,468,3,5,4>It took a few visits to realize there was something good also happening at the other end of the main entrance to Carniceria San Luis.It took a few more visits for the perfect storm to form, that is, me being hungry at the same time I am at the carniceria.  The menu is simple: a variety of tacos and other hand-carried food.  In other words, no soups or platters.The tacos were the small kind that you would get if you were in Mexico and I had no problem with that.  The Lengua (tongue) was rich, hearty and served topped with wilted onions.  The Pastor (seasoned pork) was sweet, tender, and yes, hearty.There are no seats, indoor or outdoor.  You simply walk up to the window, knock politely if they don't notice you standing there, order, pay and wait until your brown-bagged order is ready to take away.A truly authentic experience!
<review# 216,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/15/2013,8/29/2013,115,126,1,9,4>My happy place.I've been going here for 5+ years and have never had a bad experience.  Basic pedicure (which is far from basic) will set you back $28 but this service lasts 45 minutes to an hour.  Want to do a pedicure and a manicure?  $40.  There are plenty of upgrades available but I'm perfectly fine with the basic services.They have tons of OPI (my favorite), Essie and Color Club polishes.  They always have the classic colors and the trendy neons and glitter polishes too.During the week, they take appointments.  Find someone you love and keep going back to them!   I get much better service when I go back to the same person time and time again. They do not take appointments on the weekend but I've never had to wait as a walk-in.  A glass of wine (bottled water, soda) is included in each service and I don't know what it is about their cheap white wine but it's so good!
<review# 217,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/9/2013,8/28/2013,19,23,3,6,7>Phat Bites is an oasis of freshness in the concrete desert of Golden Arches and its minions.  I work in the Donelson area, and am generally underwhelmed by my quick-bite lunchtime options.  A co-worker recommended this place to me, and I walked through that graffitied doorway and never looked back.Salads, and wraps, and hummus,  oh my!  The decor is eclectic, the food is delicious, and prices are generally reasonable (it's not mystery meat out of a fryer, folks.  You have to spend a little for quality).I also love that they support local artists, as I've seen flyers and notices for art showcases, etc.  and other local events.  Awesome addition to the community!
<review# 218,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/24/2013,8/27/2013,95,226,3,3,2>A TEN! A TEN! A FREAKIN TEN!!!!Came to TPAC on June 21 to attend the Martini and Marionettes show. The show itself was in the Andrew Johnson Theater, on a lower level. When we got there, the crowd was buzzing around the food table and standing in a long line for drinks from the cash bar. The off thing to note was that there were no Martinis to be found. Liquor drinks, Yes. Martini, no. They were announcing before the show that it was OK to bring in your food and drink to teh show. Then once you sat down an automated message came on saying no food and drink. I lol'd. The show:  WOW!!!  That was an awesome show!!!! Phillip Huber was able to make the marionettes come to life on stage. The moves they made and the expressions they had were just so unique and well timed. Each character that came onto stage had it's own personality and skill set.  It was absolutely amazing!!! If Huber ever comes back, I want to be there!
<review# 219,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/20/2013,8/26/2013,40,209,10,13,11>This was my first visit and it won't be my last!  Very nice atmosphere and reasonable lunch menu.  I had the BLT with avocado and havarti which was good but not as good as the BLT with avacado and cheddar at M. L. Rose, but then I'm partial.  The salad was cold and crisp and the sandwich came with fries.  I can't believe it has taken me this long to stumble upon this restaurant.
<review# 220,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/9/2013,8/25/2013,63,172,3,5,3>This is the original here in Nashville.  Nashville has become known for "Hot Chicken".  I love the story of how Prince's got started and will have to say it is in the top 2 of all the Hot Chicken joints in town.Prince's is the place where Food Network or whatever network went to for their TV spot about Hot Chicken and there is a wonderful video on YouTube about Prince's "The 24 Hour Chicken".  LOLI will have to say the wait is always well worth it as they are cooking your food fresh and sometime while you are waiting you can get a table.As a first timer I ordered a Mild for my wife as she likes hot but not too hot.  I had the Hot for usual.  The levels past that start getting hotter than there is flavor.  Heat is fine but with no flavor, why?  I don't go past Extra Hot.The Chicken was crispy and wonderfully seasoned.  I generally order potato salad to go with my hot chicken to cool me off it it gets to be too much but the Fries here are great.I would highly suggest you get some cake at the end of your meal.  The lady sitting in front of where you order is where you get the cake, you will see.  The selections are made by the "Cake Lady".  I am here to tell you, all homemade and all wonderful.Every self respecting "Hot Chicken" eater must make at least one pilgrimage per year if not per month or week or daily.One of my top 10 Places to eat in Nashville.  I know Pepperfire is really good but still love this place.
<review# 221,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/8/2013,1/1/2014,50,76,2,4,4>Thai Kitchen has been the best Thai restaurant we've been to in Nashville. Not only are their prices the best, but their food is really great, too! We got the chicken satay. The chicken was nice and juicy- unlike most other Thai places where the meat can be a bit dry. The peanut sauce was awesome! We also had pad see ew with chicken. We added some fish sauce/chili sauce and it was delicious. Then we had the som tom (green papaya salad). We had the option of Lao style or Thai style. Lao style is with crab, Thai is with peanuts. I chose Laos style with medium heat. SO GOOD. Really spicy, but I couldn't stop eating it! Friendly staff. Comfortable atmosphere. Great prices. Awesome food. We've definitely become fans of this place.
<review# 222,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/31/2013,12/31/2013,627,968,4,9,1>One of my favorite pastimes in Dallas was to go to company-sponsored dinners at all the great steakhouses in town.  Imagine my delight when I was invited to a dinner in Nashville at Kayne Prime!  I was 100% IN!The entire place has a slick modern ambiance with a dress of business casual (per the website).  We were seated in a private room in the back that had cool butcher knives up on the walls.  The staff was in a fluster because the AV equipment wasn't working and the AC wasn't on (or the heat was up) and it was a blazing inferno in there.  I was fanning myself with the menu and sucking down water like crazy.  Suggestion: I prefer some ice in my water, the water they served was tepid.  Please, hit me with some ice!  We aren't in Europe after all.But those problems were rectified (or for the AV equipment, we just didn't use it) and then I could get down to eating.  Some things were chosen for us, some we had to choose, so I'll break down the food offerings.Housemade bacon with maple cotton candy: just order it.  It is thick bacon, like pork belly really, with foamy maple "cotton candy" on top.  When you eat it, it tastes like bacon with maple syrup which is ALWAYS DELICIOUS.Salad: I think we had the winter salad that had crispy beets on it.  I don't like beets but these were like beet chips and they were actually pretty tasty.  Plus a good, not too heavy, vinaigrette.  Filet, 6 oz, medium rare.  Finally a steak that doesn't make me wish I was back in Texas or in Vegas at Wolfgang Puck's steakhouse.  Perfectly cooked medium rare, lots of flavor, really a quality piece of meat.  And I always want quality meat!Sides: Creamed corn brulee had a sweet crispy top like creme brulee, so obviously it was awesome.  Scalloped potatoes were pretty standard which means they were just fine.  The macaroni gratinee was meh - I guess I want a more traditional, creamy mac and cheese, not this parmesan and white cheddar concoction that didn't have that smooth, creamy goodness.  Creamed spinach included truffles and fried egg mixed in which is my new favorite thing.Wine - selected by the sponsoring company.  Free wine tastes better than wine you paid for, I always say.  Cost is somewhat expensive but not over the top for a steakhouse (and definitely nowhere NEAR the cost of that Puck steakhouse in Vegas!!).  Definitely a good place to splurge on a great dinner in a nice atmosphere.I will definitely accept all dinner invites to Kayne Prime from now on - so go ahead, invite me!
<review# 223,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/15/2013,12/30/2013,33,287,3,5,3>Do you work for Ascension Health and have that whacked-up insurance? Do you live in South Nashville or Antioch and hate trying to get into Nashville during rush hour for those 8 or 9am appointments of which doctors' offices are so fond? Well, then, let me suggest Nashville Medical Group's South clinic. Scheduling an appointment is a breeze; you can either call the scheduling department or request an appointment online (which is awesome when you're sitting on the couch watching TV at 1 in the morning and you think to yourself "hmmm, it's about time for a check-up"). There are three physicians that practice at this clinic. I'm still in mourning over having to part with my family physician from back home-I'd been seeing him for over 20 years-but I really like Dr. Mehr and am getting used to the idea of someone new. She is very thorough, and she listens. What I really like about this clinic, though, is that if you are sick and really need to get in to see a doctor, you can call and get in THAT DAY. So. If you are in the market for a new PCP, check out this clinic. An added bonus is that it is in Lenox Village. Hello, after-appointment sushi!Oh, they take other insurances, of course. My particular provider just happens to be very limiting.
<review# 224,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/4/2013,12/28/2013,35,120,3,5,3>Ok, so I used to be a vegetarian and I was stoked to try this place out. I came with three other 'meat lovers' and we were all interested to see what would be offered. I have to say, The Wild Cow was fantastic. There were so many wonderful options and I decided to settle for the veggie burger. One word: YUMMO. Is that even a word? Idk. But it was amazing. The other people I was with ordered some sandwiches and loved it. Although I'm a meat-eater, I would definitely come here again! Loved the vibe and the service.
<review# 225,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/27/2013,12/27/2013,65,66,7,5,4>I dragged my parents out here for my birthday brunch after having recalled reading an article about it in the Nashville Scene (and maybe because there was a really attractive shirtless bartender in said article). I was not disappointed!I ordered the chicken and waffles, which was my biggest reason for being interested in the place. They came with a side of syrup and a side of hot sauce, and you decided how much you drenched your food in each. It was delicious. The Bloody Mary I washed them down with was mighty tasty as well!We sat on the back porch, which has a few tables and overlooks a garden, where I think they might grow some of their own herbs. The inside of the place has a very East Nashville feel to it, a bit hipsterish, but also seems like someplace I could just cozy up with a book on a rainy afternoon. I think I recalled seeing a couch or two inside as part of some of the seating.My only complaint was that parking was a bit difficult. Otherwise, this place is truly worth checking out!(I also tragically never encountered that cute shirtless bartender, but I'll settle for the waffles.)
<review# 226,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/27/2013,12/26/2013,210,147,3,3,6>What a great event!I'll admit...I was totally "scurrrred" after witnessing some crash and burns and equipment malfunctions earlier in the week during Yelp Helps. These people take big wheelin' crazy serious. But despite my apprehension, I joined in as a proud member of the Yelp Nashville Team, and I had a BLAST!To start, we were given t-shirts from Yazoo, and encouraged to decorate as we so desired with spray paint, stencils, and fabric markers. Super fun.Each team member also received an "Army Man" as a drink ticket, since the first Yazoo brew was on the house. I ended up with the sniper man...#soappropriate.Even with a beer in hand, I was nervous! I don't think I even rode a Big Wheel as a child! So naturally I thought, "What the f$@! am I getting myself into?!?" These people looked serious with their game faces, running gear, helmets, and crazy costumes (including a Power Ranger)!Luckily, we were all given a chance to ride the course in a practice round. I rolled around once, and it was over...I. WAS. HOOKED.Even though we didn't take home the prize, we still placed second in the first round. For this batch of Big Wheelin' newbies, we're very proud!Oh yeah...I plan to do this again. Serious fun times!(As a side note, the burgers served up with a bag of kettle chips for around $2.00 were pretty damn good too.)
<review# 227,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/22/2013,12/25/2013,44,207,4,7,1>This is a cost vs reward 4 star.  It's seriously only $12 per person and you can bring your own cooler of food and drinks.  They have 4 slides, a kiddie area, and a giant wave pool.  It's a pretty small place but worth the cost of admission.Parking = FreeTubes = FreeCity Savers Coupon = Buy 1 Get 1 FreeLocker Rental = $4 which is pretty much freeBring your own Snacks in a Cooler = FreeEat that Nashville Shores
<review# 228,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/7/2013,12/24/2013,40,209,4,5,5>Sam's is a great place to hang out with friends, have a couple of beers and something to eat while watching the people go by down 21st.  It's a good hangout for watching the game as well and they usually have some drink specials.
<review# 229,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/4/2013,12/23/2013,44,367,,4,6>I love Lockeland Table. You want that farm to table, local American food that's not insanely priced? You've got it here. The interior is pretty cozy when you can get a table to yourself (I recommend calling ahead for reservations), but you also have the option of sitting at the bar (and watch them make their brick oven pizzas!) or their community table. While they have some outstanding entrees, do yourself a favor and try one of their pizzas. Because of that brick oven I mentioned, it comes out tasting like a bonfire. I say that in the most delicious way possible.
<review# 230,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/31/2013,12/22/2013,44,87,,4,4>What is not to love about this darling little store??Whenever I am hunting for a gift for a good friend, I like to shop somewhere local with unique gifts to offer. This store did not disappoint. The shop owner's sister was working there that afternoon. She was knowledgeable about all the products, and when I asked her for recommendations, I had to laugh because she walked me around and (genuinely) expressed excitement about almost every product they had. She explained why each one was delicious, or useful, or unique. She even knew the origins of where they came from. Courtney, the shop owner, hand-makes jewelry that she sells there, and it's just beautiful. My friend loved the necklace I bought her and I see her wearing it often. I returned for a second purchase for a different friend, and opted for a gift certificate. She is looking forward to going to use it. Just as an FYI, the store offers amazing tea towels, jewelry, soaps, lotions, body products, chocolates, jams, hand made cutting boards, and many other local fare items. All of it is lovely! Be sure to stop in here to check it out.
<review# 231,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/7/2014,5/22/2014,159,379,,6,6>This gem is a little hard to find. But, do the work and find it. I don't know how many vendors are here, but it seems that each booth has it's own style:- One booth features items from the "House of Cash" where Johnny Cash had his studio. - Another has interesting array industrial items that would fit in a cool house. - Still another booth features Mid-Century Modern- One section is full of vintage biology lab items- There are some items from the Victorian eraWhat I like most about this mall is the roominess that it offers. It's not as crowded as some of the antique booths in Nashville. Cool place. Have fun.
<review# 232,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/3/2014,5/21/2014,84,128,,10,5>This place was introduced to me by the husband! What a gem? This is truly great Greek food. I mean, they have it down. I get the chicken souvlaki plate and it's plenty of food to even share. I noticed on my last visit that the soup doesn't come with the platter anymore. You should definitely still try it. Yummy lemony flavor with wild rice  it's a creamy soup and it's amazing. The servers are always attentive. You can be in and out or you can stay for awhile.
<review# 233,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/1/2013,5/20/2014,52,174,1,13,6>After a lot of internal debate, I'm ready to proclaim Husk as the best dining in town. I know what you are going to say... there are a lot of excellent places to eat in Nashville now. I'm well aware and I'll agree that the food in the upper echelon of places is probably on par with the food here albeit different styles. Having said that, as a whole, there are several advantages Husk has over the competition. Some of the other places do these things really well too but absolutely none of them offer this entire package. Attention to Detail. You can tell that things like the decor, plating, location, food sources, ingredients, and staff were meticulously obsessed over.  The plates were made by a local craftsman. The chefs travel to the local farms regularly. The building has a special history in Nashville and was painfully restored with great effort. These are just some of the highlights, I could go on and on. Accessibility. Husk offers the best hours of any fine dining establishment in town. Not only do they do dinner 7 days a week but they also do brunch on the weekends and lunch on the weekdays. Best of all, brunch starts at 10 am which is earlier than most all other brunch places. Price. Granted, dinner here might set you back as much as most of the other similarly classed options in town but lunch and brunch are an incredible bargain. The lunch plates they are doing which are an homage to southern meat and threes come in at a paltry $12. It's an incredible bargain for a meal that is so expertly crafted and scrupulously prepared. Bar.  Husk might be booked solid for reservations most days but downstairs there is a bar with seating for about  a dozen serving the full dining menu. This is a nice change over the original location in Charleston where the bar is in a totally separate building and only serves a limited menu. If you feel like going to Husk on a whim, chances are high that you can walk in and get a seat without much of a wait. In my experience the bar has been wide open for lunch and brunch. Bourbon. By my estimates Husk seems to have the best bourbon selection in town.  That should come as no surprise since chef Brock is known for his love of corn whiskey. Behind the bar recently they had one of each of the entire Buffalo Trace Antique Collection which any bourbon snob will tell you is pretty much the best bourbon there is. Also a rare sighting on the top shelf is Jefferson's 18 year which have been bottled specifically for Husk. This is well regarded as one of the best bourbons of all time since it comes from the same source as another much sought after bourbon. I did have one gripe... I know it is hard to find and the craze for it is beyond a fever pitch for it at this point but they were currently serving Van Winkle 12 year for $40 / 2oz.  That's a ludicrous absurdly high price for something that doesn't even carry the Pappy label but I'm willing to overlook it when the BTAC pours are half that. Desserts. The pastry chef here is legit. Her buttermilk pies are nothing short of incredible.  Best pumpkin pie I've ever had. Cocktails. A fantastic cocktail menu, currently even featuring such off-the-beaten-path items like micheladas. Behind the bar I also spotted small barrel so it looks like there will be barrel aged cocktails on the menu from time to time. Finally, the food. I don't really feel like I need to say much. The chef brought up from the Charleston location seems to be handling business just as well here as as down there. Numerous accolades and praise have already been thrown on that location. I'll venture to say that my experiences here have been even better than they were there. One final tip - don't sleep on the cheeseburger here. While the original concoction that has landed in several national publications has been modified by removing the Benton's bacon from the mixture, the burger here is still one of the best in town. Add in the potato wedges with their hints of smoky flavor and you have a steal of a meal at $11. "A celebration of southern ingredients". I can't think of a more succinct statement to summarize what they are doing at Husk.  We are so lucky to have such a fantastic establishment here in Nashville.
<review# 234,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/27/2014,5/19/2014,18,256,2,8,4>Four and half stars, great food and service.  Very authentic and tasty, food is prepared mild but they will ask if you want it spicier.  Went here for my birthday dinner and was extremely pleased to celebrate here.  I will certainly return to House of India.
<review# 235,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/13/2014,5/18/2014,55,171,4,6,5>I'm kicking myself for waiting a decade of living in Nashville before finally trying Sperry's. But I guess I never went because I was younger, and I imagined the ambiance being stiff with that old money Belle Meade feel. I imagined everyone that dined there was at least my parent's age or older. But regardless, my husband and I finally went this week with our best friends on a double date to check it out. None of us have ever been, which surprised me because my husband and our friends are from Nashville.I'll just go ahead and say this, it was one of the best meals and experiences we've had in the area! We went to the Franklin location on a Tuesday night because we all live in that area now. The inside was everything I though it would be. Cozy, a lot of wooden decor, classic artwork, fire places, etc. The other patrons were exactly as I expected... an older crowd, men nicely dressed with sport coats, etc. It wasn't busy given it was the middle of the week.Our service was wonderful. The food from appetizer to dessert was amazing. Bottles of wine were half off. We all sampled and tried most of the food that was ordered, and I loved everything. We had a scallop appetizer and they were cooked perfectly. I love scallops so I can be very critical if overcooked. Very tender and served with a delicious aioli sauce. My friend and I decided to split two entrees that we both like, so we got the crab cakes and the Prince William stuffed filet (stuffed with blue cheese). Both were excellent and I can't say I liked one better than the other. The filet was cooked perfectly (medium) and was very tender. The two crab cakes were huge and was mostly huge chunks of crab meat, topped with a delicious whole grain mustard sauce. One crab cake is nearly a meal in itself, and they serve two of them. I hardly even noticed any breading in the dish. We also got a side of the lobster truffle mac and cheese, and it was really good (although I would have liked a little more of a sharp cheese flavor- but I guess that would take away from some of the other flavors). My husband and his best friend both enjoyed their ribeye steaks, although they were disappointed at first when they were told that they were out of prime rib that night (which they had set their heart on).I had ordered the crab bisque, but it did not come out with our salads. When I told the server when our entrees came out, she felt terrible, and I told her not to worry about it since I was well on my way to being stuffed and they only serve it by the bowl (not cup). In return, she immediately told us my dessert was on the house. Great customer service there.Now dessert. They cook up bananas foster for two table side. Lord, had I known they did this, I definitely wouldn't have waited ten years to come here. It's one of my favorite desserts. Although it was the most expensive dessert because it serves two, they comped it no questions asked. Our friends had a toffee pudding which was amazing as well as strawberry cake. The cake was good but not my favorite of the three. The banana foster was delicious.We will definitely be back at some point. We'll probably check out their brunch as I've heard it's amazing as well.
<review# 236,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/3/2013,5/15/2014,110,90,,10,8>Yeah I'm writing a review about a church. There should be more out there. Maybe without ranking though. I tried to use Yelp to help with my search that took over 2 years. I feel very blessed to have found a body of believers like this in Nashville. This congregation is passionate, forward thinking, caring, and non-judgemental. If you have any question about the beliefs just ask someone. The church staff is always available with a desire to help others. Also as a live sound engineer I was looking for a place that had all of this plus a technically solid worship experience. You get the whole package here. If you want to find out their mission and core beliefs you can also attend the Discovering Crosspoint class which is held once a month.
<review# 237,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/25/2014,5/14/2014,69,394,4,6,5>Things I love about this place. No hipster waiters, like, at all. Not that I dislike hipster waiters, I don't. But it is refreshing for there to be zero hipster waiters at an eatery in East Nashville. Handmade tortillas, both corn and flour. The carne asada is legit. The "authentic Mexican tacos" are just that. Do it. I have a cold, so I thought a frozen margarita would be both soothing and just a good idea. And it was! But I'll have to go back to try the rocks. Good beer selection both bottled and on tap. Really fast, friendly service. Add a patio and I'm all five stars.
<review# 238,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/16/2014,5/13/2014,814,132,8,16,11>I've been going to Sal's pizza for over 10 years! In fact, we used to go to the old one (Picnic Pizza) before it branched out to this one. My friends from Italy introduced me to this tiny hole in the wall pizzeria...back then I think the owners didn't speak much of anything but Italian. They used to have an American cashier and server which was convenient! Ha!Their hand tossed crust has always been good...you know...that good kind that you can fold over and just take a bite out of the huge slice...and enjoy the combination of flavors and textures...without burning your mouth bc it's too hot and you can twist to eat it! Their salads are filled with black and green olives and cheese...an interesting alternative to the typical house salad. Great vinaigrette dressing I might say..simple, but just the right touch of spices in olive oil and vinegar. Tonight we had the Square Sicilian pizza crust with a savory tomato sauce, fresh mozzarella cheese and veggies!The crust is crispy...not soggy...or doughy...just perfect! Sauce is savory - Oreganoish, but simple and fresh.Fresh mozzarella and veggies to top! Excellent weekend dinner! $9.99 for small pizza! (My husband and I couldn't finish it!)During the week they also offer lunch buffet for the Italian food lovers...at a very cheap price! Oh and before you ask for the check my friends...you must "leave the gun and take the cannoli." It's just to die for!
<review# 239,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/29/2013,5/12/2014,29,67,2,4,3>Solid location to have beer and purchase a beer to go. They carry a good selection of bottle and growler craft beer in the Nashville area. The staff is friendly and knowledgeable. They also have a home brewing shop.
<review# 240,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/2/2014,5/11/2014,85,236,,7,3>Think of this as your REI East location where the focus is on bikes.  I hadn't gone to Cumberland Transit much because the parking is ridiculously bad (street parking and a park on top of each other lot in the back) and I'm sure I can do better online shopping for all the wonderful products that they have.There are a couple of great reasons to go here though including the fact they have great information on local sporty events/races/eco events. Even more impressive is their expertise in all things biking. I got my shoes for spin class here and know nothing of riding ACTUAL bikes....not that anyone would bike in Nashville anyway where running down bike riders seems to be a hobby for many drivers.  They have an impressive selection of road and mountain bikes and gear for all ages and skills. I'm equally impressed by their fun gadgets for bikes including baskets/lights/backpacks and clothing galore. Their clothing doesn't stop at bike friendly stuff and they have one of the best collections of North Face jackets I've seen in Nashville. Staff is super friendly and knowledgable and can direct you to places you can bike and have a higher likelyhood of survival.  Try to hit this place in off hours though to make the most of the staff cuz the weekends I've been in, things can get super busy.
<review# 241,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/8/2011,6/27/2011,66,262,2,7,6>This is a small grilled cheese place downtown that is run by a family of Catholics who have mastered the art of a specialty grilled cheese. Great location within walking distance for visitors staying downtown or if you work downtown. Parking is extremely challenging. I ordered Crab Melt and Fries and a coke for $12.41. (A bit pricey)Crab Melt is A+++++ A massive, goosy, ooey, wonderful, melt in your mouth awesome sandwich that could feed me for 2 days. You can taste the REAL butter they put on the bread before grilling it to the most perfect golden brown. The cheese is melted artistically that it could be a tv commercial. The tomatoes, bright red and equally sliced. This is a 5 star sandwich. While waiting for my sandwich to be hand cooked, I read all the news clippings and customer letters on the wall. One is a letter in a big frame is from a upset customer who wrote all these terrible things about the place. Then the owners, wrote their own letter back. According to this reply letter, the owner is a father who moved his family to Nashville.  They have 5 kids, whom are home schooled Catholics and help each day at the restaurant. All the kids are getting their core life values here.  They all know the health codes how to run the place. As I walked out,  I saw a little girl baggin up some fries, and young boy taking out the trash. The place WAS spotless. It's only a matter of time before Guy Fieri and The Duggers (from TLC's 19 kids and counting) will be eating lunch at this place. A grilled cheese shop from heaven. Amen.
<review# 242,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/27/2011,6/26/2011,85,236,9,2,2>I have a policy of not trusting a chocolate shop run by a woman who weighs less than my 10 year old son (granted, he's 5'4) but still, I was pretty flipping dubious about this place when I grabbed a sample at one of the ubiquitous Nashville food tasting events around town.  Apparently 'my' sample became my moms sample (something about her giving birth to me and I owed her....whatever) but she loved it so much she trekked all the way to, um, nowhere(?) to buy replacements.  In spite of her normal size, the owner is one funny chick.  She doles out samples enticing you to try flavors that just don't sound appealing then lets you pick and chose what works for you with a great low key style.  She was adorably kind to my 7YO and plied her with samples and my mom reciprocated by dropping big bucks here to bring treats home to her buddies in Boston.  Needless to say, I'll be donning my 7YO costume for samples in the future. A cute if bizarre location that is super easy to drive by is trumped by great service EXCELLENT chocolate.  Downside....not a huge selection and for some freakish reason their website scares Goggle and comes with a warning it may harm your computer which is a drag.  I love that they are out at these food fests working it like champs and for that you get 5 stars.  But you know...fix the site....makes me feel like I'm going to a porn shop or something when I get that warning.  Not that I would know about that.
<review# 243,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/8/2011,6/25/2011,22,141,,3,5>This place is close to my work place. I have been there thrice. Very friendly place. Food is great and so are the drinks. Reasonable pricing. They have happy hours. They treat their customers very well. Like them on Facebook, usually you get to know of any deals they might have. If you are a loner or have no friends and want to make some or be in a natural social set up, this is the place for you. Very good place to spend couple of hours with friends or otherwise. I love cappuccino they have.
<review# 244,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/23/2011,6/24/2011,123,108,3,11,9>I know, I know I gave them 5 stars! What was I thinking? Well....the service isnt spectacular, I have had an average 3 out of 4. Some times we get a very attentive, friendly and prompt waiter/waitress other times not so much. But, I will always come back, it simply isn't enough to keep us from eating here. The food is 5 stars for me! I had no clue this was a chain. I am not from the South and had no idea there were others around but it doesnt matter much to me, this place is great! It is obvioulsy more expensive than say "Whitt's" or another chain place, but it is obvious why when you eat the food. The cheddar biscuits are so delicious. The chicken is so tender it falls apart. I love the sauces, I love the veggies. My other half always gets the sausage and adores it. Everything is made with real butter - in the culinary world this is a very positive thing (note my spouse is a Chef). Apparently there is loads of butter in most prepared foods that we actually like, little fact I was unaware of until about a year ago. Yes hidden fat and calories, but yes that is why the food has flavor! This is not a place for you if you are watching your waistline unless of course you are on a protein diet, skip the sides and eat the meat! But it is delicious, it is very kid and family friendly and it is one of my Nashville/ West Nashville Faves! Oh and one more note, DO NOT turn left out of the street near this place! ;) there is apparently a sign posted, and the cops know we dont see it, and continually ticket overly-stuffed cheddar biscuit loving folks like us!
<review# 245,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,6/9/2010,6/23/2011,106,374,2,5,2>This isn't one of my first choices of a place to go for a drink, but it's just fine.  If I'm there, it's usually for a party or planned happy hour (not planned by me) etc.  My reasons for not loving it are:--no patio.  It's kind of dark inside.--the only food I've tried (cheese plate and a few other apps) are just OK.--cheesy decor.  That's just my opinion.  It looks like they raided a Rooms to Go store--lots of that swirly, geometric print on everything.  That's really it.  GREAT wine list, and all three times I've been there, the service has been great.  The servers are very knowledgeable, and willing to give you samples of wine before you commit to ordering a whole glass.  They will also direct you to good, inexpensive wines if that's what you are looking for.  Great space for parties and events--it's really roomy inside and they have a whole private area upstairs you can rent out.  I'll probably go more in the winter when I don't care about being outside or seeing the sun.
<review# 246,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/13/2011,6/21/2011,42,325,4,4,4>I just had another wonderful meal and experience at Monell's Germantown Restaurant.. I took a friend who had never eaten there, of course he was taken back by the Food, Service and Charm of this place. I'm sure he will spread the good word about this establishment to many others. Country Breakfast, The Best Scrambled Eggs, Thick Sliced Bacon, Country Ham, Sausage, Cheese Grits, Home Fried Potato's, Corn Souffle, Pancakes, Homemade Biscuits & Gravy, Juice, Coffee and of course The Best Skillet Fried Chicken in Town. I think there was even more food on the table, however after eating a taste of all this, I had to take my coffee and relax out in the garden for a few minutes, Life is Good and Breakfast Was Great ! Thanks again Monell's !
<review# 247,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/31/2011,6/20/2011,159,379,5,5,6>There should be a better way to say they have a Salad Bar! This isn't Shoney's, Kroger, or Bonanza/Ponderosa. I suggest they call their salad prep station a Fresh Crisp Salad Variety Show with great appearances by Crisp Lettuces, Fresh Clean Veggies, with cameos by the freshly made Croutons, and a host of other great toppings with Special Appearances freshly made Dressings that incredible. All the dressings deserve Tonys, Oscars, and Grammys. I always intend to order something other than the Bacon Wrapped Filet and Lobster! However, when I open my mouth to order from any of their top notch servers my lips betray my intentions and order the same ole same ole. It's okay with me!For that special occasion you can have a private dining room. I have the hope of having their smallest private dining room with 7 of my closet dudes around the table, next to the fireplace, with the cool man art on the wall and eat a ton of carne. Maybe someday!
<review# 248,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,1/31/2011,6/19/2011,139,429,3,3,3>One of my earliest memories of Nashville is of singing karaoke at Sam's. Another is bonding with new friends waaaay late in the evening over pitchers of Blue Moon.  It's quite the neighborhood place-always a great spot to get a pitcher and hang out with friends or watch whatever game is playing.  They've got several things throughout the week to keep you entertained-trivia Wednesdays and karaoke Fridays.  Decor is typical sports bar (though I'm always a tad bit offended that UK, my alma mater, is not included in the college pennants that seemingly represent the entire REST of the SEC), with pennants, televisions, and waitresses clad like referees.  Food is typical bar food-perfect after something like, say, an interclass flag football game.  Have had many good times here and expect to have many more.
<review# 249,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/8/2011,6/18/2011,24,215,3,4,4>Bro's Cajun on Fat Tuesday, hell yeah.  I have ridden past this joint multiple times, but never had the chance to give it a try until today.  First off, a bit of an embarissing confession.  I actually enjoy Diner's, Drive-ins and Dives quite a bit and when I saw that Bro's makes and smokes all their own sausages on the show then it was really just a matter of time before I made a trip.  The place definitely qualifies as a bit of a dive.  It is tucked away next to the interstate in a pretty commercial stretch of Charlotte ave and interior is extremely basic.  If you are going to Bro's you are going for the food and it does not disappoint.  This is not an upscale New Orleans type restaurant.  Bro's is Cajun soul food, red beans and rice, jambolaya, crawfish, po-boys.  Food that is simple and delicious.  I had the red beans and rice and the sausage lived up to my high expectations.  Best red beans and rice that I have had in Nashville.  The rest of the menu looked excellent and I have to try the stuffed (with sausage) porkchop sometime soon.   Good stuff, I will be back.
<review# 250,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/19/2011,6/17/2011,148,641,5,7,7>ALRIGHT!Figuring out the bowling scene has some how become my life's mission since moving to Nashville. I looooove bowling, and I don't go often enough, and in my mind there are a few norms for bowling alleys, a few expectations, and a few wishes. For example, it's normal for bowling alleys to be sketchy, they're bowling alleys! However I expect there to be usable equipment, and I wish bowling was more popular so that bowling alleys could afford to update their equipment. Donelson meets these requirements.Stepping into a bowling alley is like going back in time, and Donelson is going back to 1991, it's like walking onto the Saved By the Bell set (I think it's supposed to be 1950's). The sketchy level is pretty average, but the employees were extremely friendly and helpful. In fact the only problems I have with Donelson alley is that (and I've discovered this at 2/2 of the bowling alleys I've gone to so far in Nashville) that there selection of bowling balls are just pathetic. I bowl with a ten, but the ten's finger holes are too big, and the nines are made for Jack Skeleton. The balls are scratched all to hell, and there clearly aren't enough for everyone. The scoring system is extremely outdated, but it's functioning and that's all that matters. Like I said, if you're going bowling and paying full price (we didnt go on a deal night) then I expect to at least have some sort of ball selection. BUT as you might have guessed bowling probably doesn't pull in a heck of a lot of revenue, and Donelson is likely independently owned (just like the other bowling lane in Nashville I visited), so they don't benefit from a corporate budget which would probably allow for new equipment. So I can forgive them, especially if I go on a deal night. Anyhow, since I love bowling so much, I should really just suck it up and get my own ball and shoes, and stop complaining. Since Donelson does not have a website that describes it's Rates, I suggest you call ahead. They do have specials (like many bowling alleys) on certain nights, $1 games, free shoes, etc. So take advantage of those offers. Based on the flyer they gave me, (Mondays and Wednesdays are the nights to go).  Also it's bowling per game per person! Apparently they have a bar and Karaoke. There's the usual arcade as well, and snack counter, where one can get pitchers of Bud, a bowling night must!This is NOT THE SAME AS DONELSON STRIKE AND SPARE (across the street) we learned this the hard way, and that is why we came on a non-deal night.  However, like I said the employees were great and even though we were the only people in there they stayed open for an hour and one of the employees got some practice in while the others went through the closing routine.
<review# 251,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/11/2013,10/28/2013,34,55,2,5,2>I walked up to the entrance of a dark bar around 7:30 to be greeted by a bewildered "Are you here for donuts? I'm running a little late" by the owner. Very odd first impression, but I dig adventures, so I figured why not. I waited in dark and quiet as he ran out to his car, only to return with an armful of those tantalizing white cardboard boxes (you can't tell me your heart doesn't flutter a little every time you see one). We chatted for a few minutes, and he's a really nice guy. He said he had several deliveries to make that morning and it had put him behind schedule. Certainly can't blame him there. He's currently bringing in donuts every morning from his cousin's bakery in Lebanon. Local business, what up! The donuts were delicious.  Better than Shipley's, that's for sure. $10 a box, for half glazed and half chocolate. Do it.
<review# 252,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/24/2013,10/27/2013,111,543,2,6,2>I'm not going to change my review of this place, I am however going to give a quick account of what happened the last time I went in with an 8.5 month pregnant woman.1) no seating, couldn't tell that from the line2) tables with plenty of space and nobody willing to move to let preggo sit3) a guy who came over and asked her if she needed a seat, she said yes, he then went and sat back down and resumed eating. Er, what was that?4) another pregnant woman standing looking for a seat while me, wife, and friend stood eating and leaning against a counter with half the people who were looking for water walking by us every time.5) old man holding down 4 seats talking to the air.6) aha a seat opens up and is grabbed by a customer instantly as two pregnant woman are beelining for itSo, that's that. Nothing's the store's fault, this is pretty much a customer issue, but something that should be noted if you absolutely need to sit down for any reason.Make sure to check out the back before you order as you may not get a seat.
<review# 253,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,4/27/2013,10/26/2013,156,282,3,3,2>Two Groupons have inspired me to visit Shay's on two different occasions.  The first appointment I was randomly scheduled with Carla, and the second I made sure to have Carla work on my hair again.  The cuts she's given me have been great, and she helped pick out a great color for a one process dye job.  The color's held up, and still looks great.  I also really like how Carla has styled my hair upon leaving Shay's - she hasn't used an iron yet, just a round brush and blow dryer.  The old fashioned way!  If it ain't broke, don't fix it. And I've always walked out with beautiful looking hair.I feel that Shay's prices in general are a little steep.  I think I can get a less expensive haircut somewhere like Elan in Green Hills, which I perceive as being a generally ritzier place (maybe because of location??).  Anyhow, I plan on seeing Carla at Shay's when I can.FYI - There's at least one house dog at Shay's. The first time I visited, the dog was pink... seriously, pink.
<review# 254,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/24/2013,10/25/2013,13,100,33,25,12>Hey! Are you looking for some coffee steeped in pretension? Have I got the place for you!Let's start with the obvious. You're not going to get your coffee quickly at this place. Though, a single glance at the long line of hipsters would have told you that. You'll probably spend about 20 min waiting to order. Maybe you can spend that time looking at a menu? Guess again, hotshot! Hipsters don't need menus! You'll find one, that's right, ONE, framed at the cash register. Even then, when you finally see the menu, none if it will make sense. There's a bunch of  v + number business that somehow refers to the method by which the coffee is freshly brewed. If you stare too long at the menu, the barista will doubt your authenticity, so just quickly order whatever the person in front of you had.When I say the barista will doubt your authenticity as a coffee drinker, what I mean is that this is inevitable so you should just prepare yourself to feel like an idiot. I ordered a cup of freshly brewed coffee and requested some almond milk to go with it. Do they have almond milk? Of course. Will they put it in your coffee? HELL NO. That might spoil the pure and heavenly black elixir that they have painstakingly brewed for your exclusive admiration. The barista eventually agreed to give me a cup of almond milk on the side, that I might add to my coffee, but only after making me promise, out loud, to taste the coffee without it. This really happened.Of course, after the 20 min in line, you'll spend 20 min waiting for your coffee and food, so your total minimum time in the barista parlor is 40 min, guaranteed. Food is upscale and good, though slightly overpriced. An acceptably tasty biscuit with fancy meats, etc. The coffee is obviously perfect. How could it not be? But you'll find it difficult to relax amidst the massive amount of douchery.The real product on display at this place is not the coffee, it's the baristas. The whole operation seems geared towards making you marvel at these hip baristas wearing their leather aprons and making coffee with their willy wonka coffee contraptions. Can you get a delicious cup of coffee at the barista parlor? Absolutely. But you're better off going to one of the many fine coffee establishments of Nashville and avoiding these asshats.It gets a four because I rate almost exclusively on taste, but I'm never going back.
<review# 255,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,6/12/2013,10/24/2013,44,230,2,3,3>I'll start with what we had:Started with the pimento cheese with fritters app. The fritters were like a traditional cornbread hoecake, but lighter and fluffier, with some sort of herbs or onion in it. Perfectly cooked, crispy on the outside, light and flaky on the inside. The pimento cheese was very good and had a nice smokey aftertaste. The complimentary rolls were nice and flaky and had that huge salt sprinkled on them like the kind on a big pretzel. Nothing earth shattering. I didn't try the pork fat butter that accompanied it. Just didn't sound good- and I love butter. I ordered the catfish with faro and asparagus. The catfish was a nice, large piece cooked on their open spit (whatever it's called) it was flavorful and flaky and was on a bed of faro and some sort of tomato confit and crisp asparagus. It was a delicious dish.My husband, however, ordered the grouper. It was NOT GOOD. completely undercooked. The greens or whatever it was sitting in was not flavorful at all. I felt so bad for him. He didn't send it back because A) our server was clearly new and not very intelligent B) he thought perhaps the fish was intended to be served a little al dente  C) we didn't wait any longer! Our server sucked in general. When I asked her if she's tried any of the desserts she said "Well this one and this one are popular." That wasn't what I asked! Surely they've had the staff sample everything?! She was no help at all with drink choices or anything for that matter! I was embarrassed for her. Another waiter who filled up our water was super friendly and told us his favorites. We had the citrus upside down cake, which was a delicious, moist cake I would love to have by itself, but not a fan of fruit- especially citrus- on a dessert. It was just ok. It had grapefruit as the upside fruit portion which I didn't care for, but the cake was out of sight. The ricotta whip cream was on point, as well.We also got the simple vanilla ice cream with berries and some sort of crumble on it. It was awesome! I will go back to give it another try, this time for lunch. I'm going to give them the benefit of the doubt when working out the kinks of a new venture. However, I hope to sit downstairs next time because I didn't care for the front room to the right. The building is old and very well restored, but the flow is choppy and the bathrooms and bar are downstairs. I admire Sean Brock and will give it another shot, but it's not the end all be all, Nashville. I'm hoping they'll redeem themselves on my next visit.
<review# 256,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/15/2013,10/23/2013,176,384,,4,1>I'm moving to Nashville next week, but until now, have been to Nashville exactly 2 times: once for a job interview and once to look for an apartment.  Both times, some form of fate drove me to this Sweet CeCe's and really it's a match made in heaven.  Even coming in yesterday right after a group of preschoolers and having to wait for the teachers to fill and weigh all 15ish cups, I was happy to wait because I knew the deliciousness that would follow.  Ah, heaven.I don't know that I'll be a regular at this location, with traffic and parking not ideal (though the lot in back is free for an hour and a half).  But Sweet Cece's has officially stolen my heart, my stomach and my yogurt loyalties.
<review# 257,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,6/18/2013,10/22/2013,155,55,,5,3>#chainrestaurant #notbad #cheapbeers #hotchipsI decent go-to joint with reasonably prices beers. I don't think there's a bottled beer that's priced over $4 at this Opry Mills location.  The chips are light and served pretty hot which is great. The menu items are not as extensive but simple enough. The entrees are good but nothing to write home about.  The prices for the entrees are very inexpensive.  Great if you want to eat & get out about your business.
<review# 258,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/23/2013,10/21/2013,42,150,,4,3>While I certainly believe that food is the most important criterion when it comes to evaluating restaurants...the view of the city is just spectacular. That alone is worth the price of admission.Thankfully, the food is good enough to complement the view. I came here during restaurant week, as it was more or less the only participating restaurant to charge $20/head instead of $30/head. It was a certainly a steal at this rate. I was disappointed they were sold out of Coconut Curry Salmon, but admittedly I was eating at 8:30. Both the Plum Pork and Crab Cakes rocked. I am also a huge fan of the bread they pass out.The dessert was a bit underwhelming, and the vegetables/potatoes were a little bland, albeit in a nicely cooked fashion. However, the view and the fabulous service make Germantown a great destination.
<review# 259,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/12/2013,10/20/2013,42,124,2,3,3>Customer service alone makes this place awesome, from the hostess to servers to owners.  I went for lunch and got fish and chips.  I ate the fries, skipped the fish and was ok with that, since I really was just eating lunch to get to the bread pudding (apples and whiskey bourbon custard, sigh).  The waitress conveyed my disappointment (which wasn't necessary), and here came one of the owners, Paula, smelling good (her perfume is fantastic) and apologizing.  I was not the ticked off customer I usually am when I don't like something, because, again, there was bread pudding.  She insisted on sending me home with something, so I chose the shepherd's pie.  I will get that every time from now on!  It is giving me an excuse to travel to Donelson to get it.  I even want to make some now, but I know it won't be as good.  Thumbs up for the pie and the pudding and Paula and Kelly.It was also a draw for customers of all ethnicities.
<review# 260,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,7/17/2013,10/19/2013,139,236,7,7,3>Alright.  So I was in the area for other related things, so I decided I would finally check out Sopapilla's for lunch.Walk in and :  Insert description of trendy mexican restaurant here....and yeah...all of that..So they sit me down at one of these mystical things called a TABLE, that had four chairs at it (instantly regretting my decision for table instead of bar since I was by myself).Since it's a mexican-ish restaurant (I will explain later) I sit down and immediately question my decision to order WATER.   Then I realize once again I'm in Tennessee so I'm most likely gonna be safe.Alright so I'm browsing the menu's (one for margarita's and other goodies) and one for just food...not lunch...but full menu...hmmm...maybe they gave me the wrong one I think..Anyhow.  Since I'm obviously not getting a lunch menu (of which they do not have I notice after checking out some other people's menus sitting near me).    I decide.  Well I've ordered myself a water and it's a work day so I can't get an adult beverage from their ridiculously priced margarita menu (cheapest I saw was $8 and most expensive was $15)..I settle in on the cheapest thing on the menu that appealed to me which was the $13 entree, Poblano Pepper Stuffed with shredded chicken and other things..So after about 10 lonesome boring minutes of watching these mouthbreathing manatee's shovel their faces and two waters and a lot of chips and excellent (very spicy loved it) salsa...my food arrives.I'm immediately confused.  I see this pile of something that has a ton of tortilla chips and walnuts (WTF) and some pomegranate seeds (I hope, could have been mosquito blood ice cubes for all I know...ok ok it was really pomegranate seeds), I almost raise my hand like I'm in middle school again asking to go to the bathroom, my question being...umm..Where is the poblano pepper and how is this classified as stuffed, this is basically like going to waffle house and getting your hashbrowns every which way you can frigging imagine possible but with mexican food ingredients and a poblano pepper.So I dive in anyway and after getting stabbed on the roof of my mouth by the annoying tortilla strands, I pick them ALL off and push them and the still confusing walnuts (clearly getting the what the hell are you doing here look from me through out my meal) finally after jungle ****ing my way through this hodge podge of stuff poured over a poblano pepper with a fork and knife and the occasional straw (no machete's were nearby sadly) I find rice and some chicken (maybe $2-3 bucks worth) and I think some corn (I will check the exit later to be sure, actually forget I said that...SQUIRREL!!)...There were some sauteed squash and zucchini on the side also out of place as well, completely skipped them all together, didn't have the room.    So I give my entree a maybe 2 out of 5.  I come to the end of my meal disappointed until my server who was great the entire time (service is really good if you get the right person that goes for any place).   He asks if I have time for a sopapilla.  I ask how much.  He says they are complimentary.  I say.  Sure I will try one.So he brings out this beignet like doughnut type thing.   Tells me to pour some honey on it or in it or whatever way your dirty mind can come up with ways to use honey.DELICIOUS.   AMAZING.   Loved the Sopapilla.   I only had room for 1.   So I ask if I can take the other one to my pregnant wife.   He says.  Ah.  Hold on a minute.  He comes back with 5 more in a to go box for me.   I say thank you to him many times and I leave my 20+% tip because he made it a worthwile experience.  I am never one to like to spend a ton of money on mexican food so it's hard for me to want to go back to this place for anything other than the sopapilla's at this point, but I'm sure I will go back at some point in time as they deserve another shot but maybe for dinner and drinks the next time.
<review# 261,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/30/2012,12/26/2012,98,278,7,6,5>Over the years we have been to Bridgestone Arena many, many times.  This past weekend was for Barry Manilow, and it was fine.  Was it the best sound in the world?  No, didn't have to be.  The entire audience was singing along strolling down nostalgia lane.As major event venues go, I'm not sure what one could do to really distinguish themselves from another.  Parking in downtown Nashville used to be cheap, but no longer.  That's not Bridgestone's fault.Concessions are not cheap.  Did you really expect them to be?  Cokes are more expensive at the movies, though, and some people go there every weekend.The tip I'm going to share I almost hate to give up for fear such will become popular, but part of being a Yelp Elite is sharing good news and acknowledging businesses that go above and beyond.Prefice, I am not a small person.  Never have been, and I'm sure probably never will be.  Airline seats and stadium seating can sometimes be uncomfortable.  Now for those people that are skinny and say go on a diet... I am.  And have been.  I've seen what those people with high metabolisms eat and what I eat - frustrating.  This review in no way is about that.The folks at Bridgestone are so nice, that if you go visit the Fan Information Center after you've picked up your tickets at will call or gone through check in, if you ask to be switched to the wheelchair seating area, they're happy to oblige.  Why would you do that, you ask?The wheelchair seating area is conveniently located on the concourse at each seating level offered, so if you're in the nose bleed section, you still will be, etc.  There is significantly more room, and the seats are ultra-padded folding chairs.  There is also a permanent cup holder on the bar in front of you to hold your drink, and an area where you could hang your purse, etc. if you carry a smaller purse.Big girls, it's awesome.  If you are over the phase in your life where you always care what everybody thinks, etc. and you just want to enjoy a concert or hockey game in comfort, you'll thank me many times over.Now skinny people, you won't fully appreciate how nice having this option is, so please don't ruin it for those of us that greatly benefit for having an alternative out there.  You are no doubt comfy in the standard stadium seating and enjoy being right up against the glass - great.  Please stay there so Bridgestone can continue to offer this option to others when available.  I'll wave to you from my row next time I'm there.
<review# 262,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/30/2012,12/25/2012,139,429,2,4,3>Yum! After having had delicious take out from Edley's on a couple of occasions, I finally made it to the restaurant.  I went with some friends for their trivia on Monday evenings-which was super fun, and honestly better than trivia I've done in other Nashville locations.  (As in, I didn't find any of the answers to be false and then bring them to the attention of the moderators only to be told that they didn't care.  That, however, is a story for another time.)Love the easy vibe-lots of tin and wood-very backyard bbq chic.  You put in your order at the counter and then they bring it to your table when it's ready.  I highly reccomend the baked beans, brisket bbq, pork bbq, and the cornbread.  Sadly I was a little disappointed in my mac and cheese-it was a bit grainy and not as creamy and delicious as I'd hoped for.Great spot for take out or dine in!
<review# 263,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/29/2012,12/24/2012,96,336,5,4,4>As a frequent visitor of Frothy Monkey, I have spent the last few months watching them build this monstrosity. I know some people are calling it the 12 South eye sore, but frankly I think it's pretty freakin sweet. Be warned that parking in this area is kind of a pain in the ass, so just valet it and you'll be all set. My girlfriend and I were meeting some friends for drinks & dinner and we arrived late. Usually it's not a problem finding the rest of your group at a restaurant, that's not the case at Urban Grub. Like I said, this place is huge, and extremely confusing. We walked around for a good ten minutes before we found our friends. Maybe the lesson is that we should have gotten there on time. Their drink menu is just as extensive and their dinner menu. We started out with a few drinks and some appetizers. We ordered the Southern Sampler Board and the Andouille Sausage. I believe they swap out the offerings on the sampler plate, but everything we had was delicious. If a restaurant has Shrimp & Grits on the, chances are I'm going to order it. After living in New Orleans for awhile, this has become one of my favorite go to dishes. This is one of the better ones. It was so rich and flavorful, that I only made it through about half of it. The service was great and the food was delicious, so I will for sure be back for seconds!
<review# 264,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/13/2012,12/23/2012,323,390,2,5,3>Nomzilla is such a fun place in the Edgehill Village area.  I love the create your own sushi concept.  The colors, the food and the service are going to make me come back to this location for sure.First off, love the green.  Automatic star for it being everywhere because it is my favorite color.  I also like orange too.  It just makes me happy.  The sushi was delightful.  The ahi tuna was mighty tasty and I created my own roll with cucumber, avocado, tempura crispies and hot sauce.  My friend loved her rainbow roll too!  They have a full selection of Izze sodas and if you check in on Yelp, you get a free one!I do see this place as more of a lunch spot though.  They don't serve any alcohol.  I really think a solid beer list or wine list would help.  A sushi roll with no sake is like a doughnut without a hole!
<review# 265,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/19/2012,12/22/2012,197,43,4,6,5>My new neighborhood joint is the bees knees! I waited anxiously for this new gem to open in the Werthan Loft building off Taylor Street. Only open five days and I've already been there 3 times - is that excessive?! Ah who's counting...While it's not the cheapest option for food in the Germantown area, it's well worth the high-price. The drinks are unique and well-made and the food... the FOOD! Upon first arrival, my friend Lenore informed me that the pork ragu was worth foregoing sex, so clearly that was my immediate go-to. I've had it twice...this week. It's packed full of flavor and soul-satisfying savory (say that three times fast). There's also a secret sandwich that doesn't appear on the menu and comes limited each night - that's the most I'll spill on that. ;) To cap off your night the Bambolini's are incredible. Basically three big, vanilla creme filled donut holes sprinkled with sugar and a chocolate sauce for dipping. If you like Boston Creme or Eclair type desserts, this one is for you! A WIN all the way around!
<review# 266,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/18/2012,12/21/2012,159,379,6,10,5>Yep. Five Stars for a Used Tire Shop. Legit.Used tires. If you are buying used tires it's because you are on a tight budget or it doesn't make sense to put new tires on a vehicle. Bottom line: you need a great deal and you don't need to be harassed or be treated as if you are marginalized. I have purchased used tires on and off for years. I've tried a few places and have been robbed, abused, and mistreated. In fact, I almost called the cops and considered litigation at a joint down the road from A Plus Tire. It wouldn't have made any sense to go through with it...I'm on a budget.Now, let's talk about Wade who runs this location of A Plus Tire and Bob who owns the joint. They are great and treat you with respect and want to help you find what you need based upon your budget.First of all, they sell affordable NEW tires and have more than 10,000 used tires in stock. So, what do you need? They have it or can get it. Secondly, they are very attentive, helpful, negotiable, and easily understandable. Thirdly, they offer a warranty even on used tires. Fourth, they don't cut corners as they put on new valve stems and computer balance the tires without up charging you for all the details. Lastly, I bought what I needed with a budget that I could afford. After the challenges that I have faced at other used tire shops, I can tell you this for sure...A Plus really lives up to their name. PS - they moved from the corner of Fesslers/Nolensville southward about a quarter of the mile on the right.
<review# 267,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/1/2012,12/20/2012,48,118,7,5,5>Good food, great beer and a 3D dog!Tucked away in a up and coming part of town the Stone Fox is a great place for a burger, band, beer or brunch.The atmosphere is eclectic and fun. Found art and new art hang side by side and give you lots to look at as you sip draft Calfkiller beer ( keep an eye out for the 3D dog... I was drawn to it like a moth to flame...mesmerizing ). As if the inside wasn't enough there is a front porch to hang out southern style or you can wander out back to relax in the back porch area with tables and sitting areas.Food- great burger and fries to wash down with a good beer or mixed drink. But when the weekend rolls around the brunch is great! We had the french toast casserole and the steak biscuits with au jus. Both were very good! It was a lot of food we shared and there was enough to feed a third person.Go. See the 3D dog. Have a drink. Check out a local band. Enjoy!
<review# 268,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/9/2012,12/19/2012,888,249,5,23,12>I'm scared shi*tless of guns.  I've never fired one.  I've never owned one.  I never thought I'd see the day where I'd step foot into a gun store.  After moving to a farm, I found the need for protection imperative.After entering scores of gun shops as a gay man, I honestly felt I wouldn't survive that experience.  Store after store had more hate rhetoric all over the place than guns.  My heart skipped in several. A friend of mine posted on Facebook that he was at Nashville Armory for a class; so, I thought I'd try this big superstore-looking place.  Boy was I surprised.  I was immediately greeted with professional, non-intimidating staff.  I was transparent with them about my stupidity with guns.  They made me feel smart and affirmed where I was.I decided on two guns and the private lessons.  General Manager Andrew Breneman asked me, "So, would you prefer a male or female instructor."  When I responded that it didn't matter, he said, "Some wives are just more comfortable with females."  My hearts sank, because I knew I was going to have to say, "Dude, I'm gay.  I don't have a wife," and the entire store was going to pull guns off the wall immediately.As I gently said, "I don't have a wife.  I'm gay.  I'd prefer someone who is cool working with gay couples," he didn't bat an eye.  He said, "All of our instructors love working with all people.  It's funny because I got a call from a politician just before you came in going off about something and how he was there to help us.  I told him, 'We're not here to be a political organization.  We're here to sell guns and help people.'"We then had an excellent talk about safety and the stigmas in many gun stores.  I actually left and couldn't wait to share the experience with others here.  If you're looking for a non-intimidating gun store experience with truly friendly, professional people, Nashville Armory's your place!Kudos to owner, Brian, who I got to meet, too.
<review# 269,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/4/2012,12/18/2012,155,116,3,15,5>You have to take this location/store for what it is. It is an extension of the Antique Archaeology in Iowa. If you look at the pics of that store it isn't much bigger, this is more of a museum. Mike and Frank are very proud of what they do and the history behind every pice that is for sale in this store, their flagship store and online store. (Which is where most of their business comes from.) I deemed it an honer to come in to this old factory where cars were made by hand at the turn of the century and look at the historic pieces that they went out, found, bought, cleaned up and displayed.I did purchase a piece and I am very happy with it. It is a conversation piece that I am very proud to have in my home! The store is more about the history of America. Items being brought back into the light that were once in someones barn or rusting away in a junk yard somewhere on the back roads. I am very happy to have a store like this in Nashville. I think the location and the sprit behind the store reflects Nashville history and I will be back! There is always something new to be discovered!
<review# 270,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/4/2012,12/17/2012,7,72,2,5,3>Boy, is this place a treat! I've gone twice now and am continually refreshed by the jovial atmosphere and fine food. On both occasions, I had the Bananas Foster pancakes which are rich, decadent, yumminess. I've also tasted my husband's Peach & Butter Pecan pancakes--both good but not as exceptional as the Bananas Foster. It's a pricey, yet hearty meal served with eggs and turkey bacon / sausage. I recommend the turkey sausage over the bacon. It also makes you feel a little less guilty about consuming what is surely a huge amount of calories!2 pancake breakfasts, drinks, tip, etc will run you about 45 bucks. This has become our birthday brunch spot--so worth it on special days!The staff is very warm & welcoming. The co-owner / chef is also very visible, circulating around the tables to greet and check on folks. There is local art on the walls and a stage. Ultimately, this place is a breakfast beacon.
<review# 271,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/12/2011,6/15/2011,84,39,3,5,5>If Batter'd & Fried weren't all the way across town in East Nashville, I'd probably come more often. Why does the East Nash have some of the best restaurants!? I always find myself here when I am playing bass for a show at the 5 Spot, since B&F is located right next to 5 Points. It's as close to Boston as you can get, in Nashville. The clam chowder that I had in Boston was one of the best things that I've ever tasted. The Batter'd & Fried chowder wasn't as great, but came pretty close. It was very thick, and yes, you can stand your spoon up in it like the menu says. Try it for yourself if you don't believe me!When I first heard of this place, the name threw me off. I am not particularly a fan of fried food, but was pleasantly surprised at the selection of sushi and non-fried foods, including burgers, pasta and salads. The sushi was some of the most creative rolls that I've tried in town. I did try the fried jalapeno chips, which were pretty good. I also love that I can order a Sam Adams Cherry Wheat any time of year. They also have a patio, which is a thing that I always look for in a restaurant in the spring/summer months. All in all, a great place. I look forward to my next East Nash show so I can eat here again.
<review# 272,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,4/23/2011,6/13/2011,42,125,2,3,2>I hope in the future to update this review and also up the stars. On my first trip to Grins, it was just OK. I got the Thai tofu wrap and a vegan snickerdoodle. The wrap, for me, was not enough to warrant the price. There was a bit of soy seasoning, but it was mostly plain tofu and spinach, and I was bored. My friend got the same wrap and she was content with it. Both of our cookies were really good. She got a citrus cardamom cookie, which was excellent and citrusy but the cardamom component was negligible (embrace the cardamom!!!). They have Bongo coffee which is always good. Now for the non-food review: As far as ambience goes, the place was packed at 6 and I felt pretty damn agoraphobic inside. Fortunately it was nice out, so we were able to go outside and sit on the patio. One of the design flaws in this place: you pick up your food in the same tiny space where you place your order. So it's always a clusterf**k there. Besides that, the woman in charge of notifying patrons when their order was ready basically screamed names which was rather jarring. If I never hear my name yelled like that again, I'll be happy.I plan to try it again in the next couple weeks and hope to end up with a tastier wrap or sandwich. But I'd suggest going not at peak hours if you want to enjoy yourself.
<review# 273,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/2/2011,6/12/2011,167,251,2,5,5>So, I was originally going to give Ugly Mugs 4 stars; but, then I discovered the only reason I was docking them a star was because I think it's a bit far from where I live--I decided that was unfair. Although, if you consider moving or opening a new cafe, I would love one in west Nashville.  But honestly I think the reason I don't frequent Ugly Mugs as much as I'd like to is because it's much further from me than some other cafes.Location aside, though, Ugly Mugs offers a great environment and a great drink. Plus, it has a fantastic philosophy that every mug should be used and loved, even if it's ugly. And, boy, was the mug that I got last Saturday UGLY. But, coming from my own modest beginnings, much akin to that of the story of the Ugly Duckling, I relate and empathize with the lonely mug collecting dust on the top of the cupboard waiting to be used.  Ugly Mugs finally gives these poor mugs a chance to shine. And they really know how to fill them up well.  The lattes are fantastic and I love Drew's Brews. I was particularly surprised this past Saturday when I ordered the Stockholm Latte (soy vanilla latte with honey). I've ordered it before, but this time when it came out, it blew me away. The espresso was smooth and rich and the soy milk was frothed to perfection--the foam actually holds itself rather than the silly lifeless and heated milk you find at the generic Starbucks. Anyway, all that to say, it was great. Their list of specialty drinks is pretty extensive and there were definitely more than a few on there that I'd love to have a chance to try.  They also seemed to have a pretty extensive selection of teas, although I rarely ever order tea over coffee.The space is large and offers lots of tables for studying or talks, plus some couches and a play area for kids. It's very kid-friendly and I always get distracted at the cute infants and toddlers that walk in every 5 minutes while I'm studying. Despite having such a great space, it got pretty crowded on Saturday morning (and there was a pretty significant wait at the bar).  I also love that on warm days, they open up the walls so you get some great fresh air and there are tables outside to enjoy a latte whilst taking a breath of fresh air.Anyway, this was my fourth or fifth visit, and that latte has seriously made me reconsider how often I visit Ugly Mugs. I will definitely be frequenting this place more often!!!
<review# 274,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/20/2010,6/11/2011,35,79,,3,4>I was in love with Bread and Company as soon as I found out they had not one, not two, but four different kinds of chicken salad. And one of those kinds is low-fat? Thank you! Absolute musts here are the fruit tea (highly addictive), almond-tarragon chicken salad, the cupcake-type bites(can't remember their names...sorry!) and any of the breads. Their petit pain loafs for only 25¢. Amazing price for such good little farm bread loaves. And my new favorite love is the cranberry strudel tart (not exactly the name, but you'll figure it out). Normally I don't enjoy fruity desserts, I'm a chocoholic through and through, but I thought I had died and gone to pastry heaven. Bread and Company is for sure bakery heaven, and yes it's a little pricey but, hell, I'll pay it. My one minor complaint would be the sandwiches can be too big depending on the bread you pick. I chose a farm bread once and could not physically take a bite of it. But it was so good, I just had to figure out how to eat a sandwich with a knife and fork.
<review# 275,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,12/21/2010,6/10/2011,26,485,4,8,2>The chocolate at this place is really, really good.  I had three different pieces and it's undoubtedly top two chocolate in all of Middle Tennessee.  They've got a lot of selection, and the place is really nice.The customer service is top notch.  They are really nice, they have a great sense of humor, and they don't take themselves to seriously, and they clearly love what they're doing, and this place is part of a chain?  Unbelievable!  Godiva has nothing on this, and the Rocky Mountain Chocolate Factory is pretty much garbage in comparison.The only issue: the prices.  No slice of greatness is worth a massive $32 per pound.  It's beyond outrageous; it's beyond highway robbery; it's beyond junk bond manipulation.  It's would be as if you could rob Fort Knox.  I just can never justify the prices in future.  Now, someone who has more money than brains could go there regularly, and many people say I'm already there, but that's not saying much.  It's muy expensive, and it's well beyond my means.But it's really really tasty.
<review# 276,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/9/2010,6/9/2011,34,110,5,9,5>The Nashville Flea Market is more of an excursion than a chance to decorate or outfit your home with stuff. I almost think there's too much stuff (**gasp** I said it!) It took 5 trips over 5 months before I felt comfortable here and knew the sweet spots and which aisles to avoid. Lots of junk; some good, some JUNK. I love the people that sell the sundries and diapers at rock bottom prices. Who cares if they probably stole the goods? They're passing the savings on to me! I got a jar of super expensive face lotion for like $8. I bought a bench here, some records, and a lantern over the months. I mostly find my really good stuff at the Goodwill Outlet before it gets marked up at the FM. I actually shopped there with a couple of the vendors- we got good at finding the "deals" and they showed me some tricks!In closing, it's definitely worth a trip. Go on Friday or park on the street to save $4. Bring CASH, a drink, wear your comfy shoes, buy a local artisan snack and take it all in. If nothing else, you can get some good decorating ideas and some exercise.
<review# 277,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/15/2011,6/8/2011,53,213,4,3,4>Why do yelp reviews go only until 5? Dose deserves 8. What a place! Look, it's really difficult to distinguish yourself in this day and age when you open a coffee shop. In Nashville, you are pitting against Fido and Crema (Starbucks is for losers who like to mouth a lot of Italian before they get their coffee). The reason why Dose holds its...ahem "grounds" is that they subscribe to Aeropress. I'm an Aeropress fan and I make my daily 2 cuppas with it. Dose has a good selection of coffees to go with that. The ambiance is very university-y with kids pecking on their iWhatevers on the free WiFi. But still, it's quiet and relaxing. The best part of Dose is Grand Cru right next door ( a mecca for all things alcohol in that part of town) and on Saturday afternoons, Cru has a wine tasting thing. This makes Dose an even more attractive place to hang out until then!
<review# 278,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,12/5/2010,6/7/2011,51,219,,8,5>After trying to dine at Suzy Wong's House of Yum 3 or 4 times, we finally succeeded. The first time we were there before they were open, and the other times we were foiled by no parking anywhere nearby for a couple of blocks. I guess the timing has to be just right. The atmosphere is very posh and is very inviting for spending time with friends. It's rather dark, which for some might be desirable, but it's worth mentioning. I would have rather had slightly more light, but I appreciate the idea of setting the mood.I have to commend our server for doing an excellent job in making recommendations on dishes and other ideas on ordering. They serve tapas-style, so the dishes are meant to be shared. If you're dining alone or with just one other person, I highly recommend ordering one dish at a time for two reasons: the tables are kinda small, and because when ordering tapas, it's easy to order too much. The food is okay, but nothing to really rave about. The Asian Wonton Nachos Deluxe were my favorite among the dishes we tried. The Crunchy Shimp and Avacado Maki sushi was rather bland, unless you used the soy sauce and seemed to be overly sticky with the rice making it hard to pull off one piece from the others. We also shared a Yum Bowl of Sesame Chicken Teriyaki that was tasty but the flavor of teriyaki wasn't all that obvious. Overall, I don't see myself making a special trip to dine here because of the obstacles involved in finally dining the first time, and because I feel like I can get the same food elsewhere without the hassle. Also, this place is not really meant for kids.
<review# 279,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/5/2010,6/6/2011,122,201,,6,4>My view of this place is somewhat jaded, I'll admit. I know many of the staff that work here. However, they live up to my even higher expectations. Friends judge friends more critically. They are genuinely jubilant and knowledgeable. I enjoy sitting at the bar (they have the best and softest bar chairs) while having a few warm adult beverages this time of year.For East Nashville, this is the spot to see many of the hot East Nashvillians. Yes, they are steamy. Good looking crowd can be found at Eastland Cafe. Not to mention, many well known artists and the like. The food here is always good. I have eaten here a half dozen times at least and am never unhappy with anything. What is great about Eastland Cafe is that they have a nice assortment of specials that are tantalizing. They have the best happy hour. $5 martinis and apps. You can't get a better deal in the city. The quality of both food and drinks will stand in any debate. You can park down the street in the church parking (just down Chapel off Eastland) if their lot is full (which it usually is). I enjoy this place to take friends for a wonderful evening of laughing and drinking over great edibles. My suggestion is to stop saying you'll go here. So, just go!
<review# 280,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/29/2010,6/5/2011,888,249,5,6,6>This place is so new in Green Hills, the location isn't even listed on their national website.  Located just off the main path in Green Hills, Jet's is a bit hard to see, but once you get there, it's worth the search.They have a ton of crust style, sizes, shapes and flavors to choose from, and the toppings, while traditional, are still excellent.  It's a great pizza place to make everyone happy. If you're a thin crust type of person, it's here.  If you're thick with the butter, it's here.Tons of dining space, which isn't normal for most Jet's locations.
<review# 281,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/9/2009,11/26/2010,6,16,2,2,2>This place definitely gets my vote for Nashville's best wine shop. It looks a little intimidating with its modern, spacious design, but as soon as you are greeted by one of the very knowledgable staff members, you'll relax into the setting of unpretentious oneophilia.  The selection is fantastic, and there is something splendid for everyone's budget.  They focus on finding unique, small company-based wines (helping out the mom-and-pops and damning the man), so you won't find the likes of Gallo here (Thank heavens!).  There are useful description cards placed beneath the wines, which helps the novices and the experienced, and especially  those who are too shy to ask.  I strongly advise signing up for their email newsletter.  Not only does it showcase new items and weekly specials, but it is in itself a witty and entertaining literary reflection of wine and wine-related events.  They also sell esoteric beers and liquors, so there really is something for everyone with an appreciation for the finer things in life.
<review# 282,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/17/2010,11/25/2010,96,26,3,3,3>Wow. As of just a few days ago, the Nashville Billy Reid store I love became the Nashville Billy Reid "winner of the 2010 CFDA/Vogue Award" store I love. It's a big darn deal for a guy from Louisiana, now based in Alabama. And all those folks at his Nashville store were cheering him on like the Vogue award was the high school state football championship. I'm betting this honor makes for an even more interesting future.
<review# 283,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/17/2009,11/24/2010,1,7,3,4,5>Our wonderful dog came from this facility, so I've experienced the process of selecting a dog and going through the application process.The facility is really impressive -- not at all what I would have expected.  It's clean and well-staffed -- kind of fancy, actually!  The staff are friendly and helpful.  There is plenty of space outside to play with the dogs and get to know them.Even if you're not planning on adopting immediately, consider dropping by sometime.  You can give the animals some attention and you'll both enjoy it :-)
<review# 284,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/27/2008,11/23/2010,23,171,3,3,2>This is Nashville's most prominent art gallery and I highly suggest visiting it if you're into the art scene at all.  They host all sorts of traveling exhibits here that rotate out throughout the year.  You can find artwork of all classifications displayed here, from more traditional artists to the more contemporary.  It can get a bit expensive and redundant if you go too often, I'd recommend maybe 3 or 4 times a year.  You'd be better off to go to some of the smaller art galleries around town for your weekly art viewing fixes.  During the summer they have whats called Frist Friday's where they stay open a little later than usual and host live music and serve cocktails or wine.  It's fairly inexpensive as far as a fancier Friday night out goes, and it's a fun way to get all dressed up and hang out with your friends.  They have a large, interactive children's museum that's awesome and fun for kids of all ages.  Don't be afraid to go in and play around if you don't have kids with you, it's a lot of fun I promise.They have their own pay parking lot that's behind the building and the price to park is not included in the admission so I recommend carpooling if at all possible.
<review# 285,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/14/2010,11/22/2010,33,155,4,6,4>old school. the family could have franchised, opened more locations in better parts of town, even closed this little place down and move to Green Hills or Williamson County -- but they didn't.Just the right size.  Lines are omnipresent, but by the time you get your food, there's always a table available.  Arrive early for your best choice - when it's gone, it's gone.Fried green tomatoes with hot sauce, barbecue chicken, chipotle grits, roast beef, pecan pie, banana pudding, sigh.  Any restaurant that can run lunch M-F only and stay in business for 50 years is doing it the right way.  One of my favorite places to eat in Nashville, and it will be one of your favorites, too.
<review# 286,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/4/2010,11/21/2010,10,10,5,9,5>This salon is a great find--and I say find because it's not as well-known as other big-name fancy-pants and much more expensive salons. And I can make fun of them because I have been to all of them. I loved the friendly warm vibe of YaYa and thought Kristen was fantastic. She really truly listened, and spent a lot of time getting the color right since I haven't had a good cut and color in a while. They offered the same hospitality as overpriced salons of the same quality, yet without the snobbery. Usually an offering of "would you care for something to drink?" when I walk in is closely followed by a few cursory looks checking out to see whether my bling measures up to theirs. Sorry ladies, I know what Louboutins look like but there's none in my closet. At Salon YaYa it was more like a truly genuine offering to make me more comfortable than to be pretentious, and that small gesture from a beautiful smiling tattooed hair artist set the bar from there. To people who would like a great, friendly and talented group without all the "look-at-us-we're-fancy" B.S., call this salon. I will continue to go here from now on.Thanks to my friend who referred me, or I would have never known about this salon. A little hard to find, though...I drove around the block a couple of times like a stalker. Park behind the building on the corner and walk in the ground level doors in the back.
<review# 287,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/2/2010,11/20/2010,11,16,3,6,3>Red Pony, the first restaurant my wife and I tried after moving to Nashville, has definitely made our all-time Top 5 list.The atmosphere is fantastic. The right mix of intimacy and energy. After arrival we were seated promptly at one of the best tables on the first floor. The pre-dinner cocktails were priced right and poured with a heavy hand.We began the meal with salmon tacos. The quality of the fish and the taste were fantastic. The portion size was perfect for two people looking to warm up for the main courses.For our entrees we selected the shrimp and grits and the salmon. Both were absolutely wonderful. The shrimp and grits were definitely of a more Southern preparation, which I loved, and the salmon was cooked to perfection.We ended our meal with a thinly-sliced blondie, layered with ice cream, and topped with macerated strawberries. Absolutely fantastic.The service from Eric was amazing. He knew just when to stop in and check on us and exactly when to give us our privacy.I would, without a doubt, recommend Red Pony to anyone with no reservations whatsoever.
<review# 288,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/29/2010,11/19/2010,94,44,2,2,2>Only been here once, but it was an amazing experience so I'll start from the beginning...Went here before going to see a show at the Boiler Room Theatre (also located in The Factory) and I had an idea of what I would like by looking their menu online.  First of all, I loved the decor and ambiance of the restaurant.  It had a bar with TVs, but in no way did it feel like a sports bar.  It definitely had a high middle class feel to it.  For beginners, my date and I decided to split the Tenderloin Biscuits. These were AMAZING!  The biscuits were homemade with bits of bleu cheese in them and the sirloin was perfectly cooked to melt in your mouth.  Served with the biscuits were fresh-cut fries made with bits of truffle and sprinkled bleu cheese on top.  An awesome appetizer!For the entree, I had the catch-of-the-day, blackened Mahi Mahi served with veggies on top of their homemade cheesey grits.  The fish was cooked to perfection. I've NEVER liked grits before, but truly enjoyed their version.  Actually my date probably enjoyed them even more as she kept eating more off my plate!  lolShe had the orange salmon and absolutely loved it.  She said it rivaled her dad's salmon and for anything to come close to what a parent makes must be good.Saffire can get pricey, BUT for me it's worth it to pay for a great meal.  What set Saffire apart for me is that they took the time in the presentation of the meals.  Remember, not only do you eat with your mouth, but also your eyes.  The presentation of the meals made them taste even better.  I definitely recommend that you get reservations if you plan on going on a weekend night though as the place was certainly hopping!
<review# 289,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,10/13/2010,11/18/2010,60,119,5,5,4>On the surface this is a great establishment. It's off the strip of insanity that is Broadway. It's weird looking. It's not packed with 50 year old women on vacation away from Alabama spilling bud light all over the front of themselves while jiggling everywhere to Taylor Swift covers. There are huge jars of infused vodka. The cocktail list is varied and delicious sounding. In reality it was mediocre. The Tales from the Crypt lookin-ass bartender was inattentive. There were about 5 people at the very long bar and he spent most of his time ignoring us and our empty drinks and desire to order food and instead bullshitted with the other folks. My drink tasted like there was some kind of strange powder mixture in it. I'd much rather go a couple blocks over to Merchants, where the bartenders are friendly, warm, and unfailingly on point.
<review# 290,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/28/2010,11/17/2010,48,118,3,3,2>Button down meets backwaterA hidden honky tonk in the land of dress shirts. Poster of Hank, check. Cold beer, check. Music that bemoans lost love and rural life, check. Yep, we got us a honky tonk. A full selection of "hooch" and a pretty good assortment of brews will loosen that Windsor knot and ready you to enjoy live music or sports on flat or large projection screens.The menu is limited to the basics, wings, burgers and a few salads ( ifen youz a little light in yer loafers... Not that there is anything wrong with that) I sampled a burger, it had a nice home cooked taste that goes well with cold beer.Y'all come
<review# 291,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/4/2013,8/14/2013,50,114,,9,2>So I am sold.  While we love Puckett's too, don't expect the dishes to be the same.  Catfish at Puckett's is not the same flavor as catfish at Puckett's Boat House.  The only negative I can find is that everyone is discovering it so it's more crowded and more waiting but the one time that it was longer than normal because people decided to hold over, as soon as we got to our table a complimentary order of their Low Tide Nachos.  Low Tide Nachos were really good.  The sauce was not like typical nacho sauce.  It was creamy and delicious.  Portion was large.As much as I want to order other things, I can't tear myself away from the Buffalo Shrimp and Oyster starter.  It is ample size to be a meal. I have them bring the buffalo sauce on the side.  These are some of the best shrimp in town and the oysters are great too.  And I love the hand cut fries.We have also had the Rusty Bucket - again, enough for a meal.  The surprise was the catfish.  THIS is how catfish should taste.  It actually has the flavor of the catfish I used to eat as a child that we caught in my grandmother's pond but a little milder.  But it isn't the flavorless white mush you get most places.Hands down, this is the best catfish in town and my whole family agrees on that which is unusual.  It's so good that we need larger portions or some all you can eat specials.  They have done a few all you can eat special like on New Year's Eve and a few other times so I am anxiously watching!
<review# 292,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/1/2013,8/13/2013,3,58,3,8,2>Found this place on Yelp, and are SO happy we did - both for the grocery and the great restaurant.  We've been alternating between K&S and the InterAsian deli for our Asian groceries.  This place is WAY better than both - cleaner and with fresher produce than K&S and larger with more variety than InterAsian deli (although we love that place too).  Also, like the InterAsian deli, they have prepared foods, including banh cuon (hard to find here!), roast duck, fried dough, fried banana, banh bao, banh mi and a few desserts (che).  We also ate at the restaurant.  I wasn't sure if the pho would be good since it's more of a Thai/Laotian place, but I'll try it next time since there were several other Vietnamese customers there and many of them ordered pho so it must be good.  I got thom yum - a spicy/salty/sour seafood soup.  It was delicious - great broth, plenty of seafood (shrimp, large mussels, squid), spicy but not over the top.  It came with rice and cabbage to tone it down.  We also split spring rolls, which were good - typical pork/shrimp mix with a good peanut/hoisin sauce.My wife, on the other hand, didn't have a great experience.  She doesn't like spicy food and asked for the papaya salad "as mild as possible".  It was actually spicier than my soup - which I'd requested to be spicy.  I think the problem was that the salad is pre-made and soaking back there in the spicy sauce all day, so even if they don't add extra spices, it comes out pretty saturated in spice.  Either that, or the waiter was trying to punish her  (just kidding).  She got it with seafood, and was at least able to eat that part since it hadn't been soaking - lots of fresh squid and some large shrimp.Service was quick and prices were very reasonable - $21 for spring rolls, my soup and the papaya salad with seafood added.  We will definitely be back!  I almost didn't want to write the review and keep it my little secret, but they deserve whatever extra business they may get.  Check it out!
<review# 293,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/4/2013,8/12/2013,217,312,10,9,7>There is nothing quite like the feeling I get when I buy a book here and finding it for a third or fifth of the price at Costco.But hell, I buy 'em here anyway, even though my wallet is SCREAMING at me.  My conscience is assuaged.  Really cool local bookstore with a decent, well-curated selection and salespeople that really know what they are doing.  They have a great story time for kids and a good selection for for all ages.  My son loves coming here and my daughter loves destroying things to drive me nuts.As well, they have a great selection of autographed and first-run books!Let's hope the owner doesn't fall for Tom Hanks.
<review# 294,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/17/2013,8/11/2013,44,207,,4,2>I visited this location today for the first time in a year and though it has gone downhill it's still pretty good.The nail bar concept here is the same as the other locations in Bell Meade and Franklin.  I really like sitting at the bar and they also offer free drinks.  However, the place is starting to show some wear and it doesn't seem like they are really keeping up with it.  When I visited in the past, the nail techs use to be so happy and today I interacted with two that just didn't want to be there.Overall, I think it is still a good option for the area.  I paid $25 for a regular manicure.
<review# 295,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/18/2013,8/10/2013,50,76,1,3,2>I went here on a Monday night, well past 9pm, and the line was out the door! I was kind of hesitant to have to wait in that line, but it moves quite quickly. There are so many unique flavors of ice cream to choose from, I had such a hard time trying to decide. But the people working there are super friendly and helpful and will let you taste-test any flavors you want. My husband and I got the triple scoop of Queen City Cayenne, vanilla bean & toasted coconut-- all three did not disappoint! Really unique, really delicious. I will say that the price tag is a little too steep for my taste- $5.50 for 3 small scoops of ice cream?? I mean, sure it's worth the splurge every so often, but you'd think with all the business they pull in they could turn it down a buck or two. Just sayin. But this place is definitely worth checking out if you're in the area.
<review# 296,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/14/2013,8/9/2013,44,98,1,4,3>Barista Parlor is everything I want in coffee shop. The staff knows their coffee. The person who took our order was excited about the coffees he had to offer. I ended up ordering the bourbon barrel vanilla latte and a sausage biscuit. It took a while for our coffee to arrive but it was well worth the wait. The space and the decor is very inviting a relaxing. I love the vintage touches and music was great. I think I have found my new Saturday morning tradition.
<review# 297,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/23/2013,8/8/2013,34,55,9,4,4>Honestly, I couldn't have been happier with the place. We made a reservation for a Monday night (which you totally don't need, by the way... I'm sure you would on a weekend), and arrived to be promptly seated. The staff, the food, the service, the atmosphere... Everything was wonderful. If you take it slow and try everything they offer, you'll end up with a two and a half hour dinner, a loosened belt, and a happy (although probably working-too-hard) heart. I felt buzzed without taking a sip of alcohol. THAT'S HOW MUCH MEAT I ATE. But really, It's not just the quantity of the food that's impressive. All of the meats are cooked to perfection, and with the exception of a few choices, I got seconds of every option. The grilled pineapple was honestly one of the most delicious things there. And that's saying something.
<review# 298,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/20/2013,8/7/2013,40,166,4,6,4>Best gelato in Nashville. There, I said it. I used to be a big fan of the Whole Foods gelato bar or places like Bravo Gelato, but now I can't go to either without sighing. *sigh* This isn't Legato.  Legato, you have ruined me. I'm not even mad. Parking can be interesting in Edgehill, especially if you're cheap like me and avoid the pay lot at all costs.  Pick a side street and take a little stroll to walk off what you're about to indulge in. I can't really give an accurate flavor recommendation because they change often and are basically all amazing.  Lately the peach has been my favorite and dark chocolate is always good mixed with banana or pretty much anything else. Bonus: Find them at the 12th South farmer's market on a hot day to cool you off while you browse!
<review# 299,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/24/2013,8/6/2013,55,189,,4,3>So I decided to come here during Restaurant Week and I couldn't have been happier with my decision. Bold statement, but it was THE best meal I've had in a long time. The atmosphere is chic and romantic. Dim lighting, art, linen table clothes. Our waiter was trained perfectly. He knew just when to come over and when to let us finish conversations. I was impressed before my wine even arrived.Now, on to the food. It was rich, flavorful and completely amazing. I had the house salad, plum pork and key lime pie. Not one bad bite of anything! The pork was cooked perfectly and served on a bed of mashed potatoes and steamed green beans. Although I had my doubts about the savory plum sauce that came on it, it was the star of the dish for me. It was just the right amount of savory and sweet. Absolutely delicious.Easily one of the best places I've eaten during any Restaurant Week. I will definitely be returning.
<review# 300,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/12/2013,8/5/2013,83,145,3,5,4>I'm a burger snob and this place is the shit!The sodas are great as well as their awesome beef. This is where I go to splurge on red meat. Their icecream sodas are super awesome too. Fries are meh. I go with the tater tots.
<review# 301,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/30/2012,3/11/2013,26,485,2,11,3>I was so sad, when my favorite coffee shop, Roast Inc., was closing it's coffee shop portion, focusing only on roasting and cold brews.  I figured it was for the best for them, and I was glad to hear that they started to feature beans at good coffee shops like Edgehill Cafe, but I felt that something deep inside me was lost without getting to visit Brad and Lesa way down on Trousdale Pike.How excited I was to read that they were opening their brand new place on 8th Ave. S., much closer to downtown.  I found the location, and watched it as they prepped the spot for weeks.  And when the Scene announced, out of nowhere that they were having an unofficial tasting, I could not wait to stop by.And, not surprisingly, it's amazing, when you walk in, you're immediately greeted by these two very large tables, bearing small cards saying the wood for these tables were reclaimed twice, once from China, and then again from a Bowling Alley from somewhere in South Nashville.  They look just like bowling lanes.  Their counters are very open and inviting, and even their newest employees "get it."  They may not totally understand the roasting and flavor experience, but they are working hard, and I like that.  Brad and Lesa, as always, are pure sunshine, and they by themselves make 8th and Roast a worthy experience.Their little gimmick (and don't take that the wrong way, I LOVE gimmicks!), is an open pour-bar where you can the hot water over the single origin beans yourself if you care to.  They clearly want to make you part of the coffee experience, and no one else does that, in Nashville at least.This isn't a place where they get bags and bags of beans from some central roaster hundreds of miles aways: they roast their coffee themselves, and they work hard at it. It shows in every cup.  They don't cut corners and they don't settle for anything less than some of the best beans in the world.I've raved and raved and raved over Roast Inc, and I can only imagine that this will bring a much wider audience to their wonderful products.  Nashville has gotten such a great selection of coffee places, but if I were to choose only one, 8th & Roast would be it without any hesitation.
<review# 302,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/7/2012,3/10/2013,116,191,,6,4>Definitely time to update my review!  Since last time, they have expanded the menu to add new sandwiches, platters and appetizers for omnivores, vegetarians and vegans.  My current favorite is the Dancin' Desiree (roasted squash, roasted red pepper, black beans, goat cheese...best with the spicy mango sauce) and the chicken salad platter.  Another fine addition is the excellent selection of beer at insane prices!  During happy hour and game days (this time of year, that is almost every day!) domestic drafts are $1 and imports/crafts are $2.
<review# 303,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/12/2012,3/9/2013,105,145,,6,4>I can honestly say that I am not happy to be The Duke of Vanderbilt Children's Hospital. There are many honors I would appreciate in life - this is not one of them.My eldest daughter has a horrible case of childhood asthma (do a little homework on coal plants and childhood asthma and then look up TVA for some of the underlying causes), and when her brother contracted croup, we tries to be diligent to make certain she did not catch it - unfortunately, we failed.A visit to her ped convinced him and us that she needed to go to the ER and so off we went. I guess its a good thing that she was so sick as there was a huge waiting room full of kids and we were prioritized and sent to our room rather quickly. As always, the nursing and doctor staff were professional, courteous and even nice. She wound up staying for 2 full nights before being discharged.The 4 star instead of 5 star rating really has to do with previous visits. Compared with other times we have had to go to Vandy Children's, this time we were given far less information and far less visits from attending physicians or residents than we had ever recieved before. This may be because they were extra busy or short staffed from the holidays or because they assumed we just knew more by our third extended stay, but it did rankle a little.Otherwise, if you have a sick kid, Vandy Children's is the place to go, and I should know. After all, I'm the duke.
<review# 304,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/30/2012,3/8/2013,26,56,3,7,2>This is one of the few places in Nashville where I feel like royalty. The service they provide here is better than some five-star restaurants across the U.S. When I first pulled into the parking lot, someone was already waiting at the door to open it for me. Without being pushy, they immediately asked what I was looking for and how they could help. The same thing happened on both recent trips there. On the first visit, I needed to pick up flea treatments for my dog, and discovered that their prices are equal (or better) to the chain stores nearby. I had done some research online before visiting about which flea treatment was the best, but the clerk that helped me was very knowledgeable and steered me in the right direction. Once I was done with my purchase, he walked me out to my car and handed me my bag. That's stellar service!On the next trip, it was time to pick up flea treatments for our cat. We got a different clerk this time, but he was tremendously helpful. I remembered we needed cat food while we were there, so he showed us some of the cat food options they offer. I was put off by the price, since I've been buying kitty the same stuff for years for much less. He also showed us some dog food, which was also a bit pricy, but we decided to purchase the small sample bags and give it a try. Clearly, we've been feeding our pets the wrong kind of food for a long time. Both pets are typical grazers - they eat a small amount throughout the day, but never all at once. Now, with the new food, the critters devour their food and turn into little Oliver Twists and look at me with those please-sir-may-I-have-some-more eyes. They love that food, so we'll be returning to Nashville Pet Products more frequently now - and I know the service we get each time will be wonderful.
<review# 305,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/16/2013,3/7/2013,69,394,5,5,4>My first foray into Play was on New Year's, so it was packed. Wall-to-wall people in the bar area (a few tables, bar, and a stage for the drag shows) and really just a solid writhing mass on the dance floor. We stuck to the bar area and the drag show was fantastic. On par with any I've seen in bigger cities, if not better. The space is just perfect for it and there isn't really a bad vantage point. Drinks were reasonable and everyone was friendly. I didn't attempt to hit that particular dance floor - I like a little personal space to work it out (I'm not anti-social, but you know, it gets sweaty), so we retreated back to the smaller but somehow more spacious dance floor at Tribe. I'll be back to try it on a non-holiday weekend, for sure.
<review# 306,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/3/2012,3/6/2013,37,10,4,3,3>There are those nights when I need take out thai and a friend and a terrible rom-com and some red wine. And those nights I always call Smiling Elephant and order their Chicken Pad Thai. Not only is it magical, with its wide, glassy noodles and perfect spicing, it also has big chunks of chicken breast and tofu and egg and a sprinkling of love. And they never judge my workout clothes when I come in and pick it up. In fact, sometimes they even give me a small smile, as if they know I'm about to watch "P.S. I Love You" and tear up a little, though I'll deny it vehemently afterward.
<review# 307,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/26/2012,3/5/2013,814,132,9,9,7>I've been to Loveless many times, and I am here asking myself,  "what brings me back to this place?"  So....I tried really hard and made a  recall of my past visits and after a quick analyzation of it all (parking lot to last crumb on my bottom lip) I am ready to sum it up in a few sentences for Yelp. Here we go....I think the best parts of Loveless are the buildings (restaurant, shops, barn), the people (locals, tourists, awesome servers), the energy (music-happy)  and last but not least, the BISCUITS!!!! Yes...The famous biscuits that are served with granny's homeade recipe of peach, strawberry, raspberry preserves, honey, and sorghum. The rest of the food is good, but in my opinion, those hot fresh biscuits are unbeatable. They are annoyingly distracting, actually. You eat them before your food arrives and then you just can't stop eating them. The server will continue to refill your basket at your wish, but if they didn't, I think you/I/he/she/we would slap whoevers hand reached out for the last biscuit in the basket. It would be a loveless fight! ;)It's a fun place to eat at and visit. Def a MUST GO TO if you are visiting from out of town. And for you.... loco locals who haven't been to Loveless EVER, all I can say is "bless your heart!".    You can't live in Nashville and say you've never been there! :)In summary, it's soooooo good, I can taste and feel the LOOOOOOVE in this southern old Motel turned into Loveless Cafe. I love it and I'm willing to bet a basket of biscuits you will to! (FYI- the Loveless Motel used to belong to the Loveless Family)
<review# 308,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/22/2012,3/4/2013,54,150,9,3,4>Dear Readers,I write to you from a gluttonous place of satisfaction and disgust. If all pizza were television, Jet's would definitely be Keeping Up with the Kardashians. Maybe Kourtney and Khloe take Miami. It is a guilty pleasure. It makes one simultaneously feel really good and REALLY BAD. It is easy to consume way too much, get lost in a cloud of feelings and come back to Earth feeling hung over. I see a lot of Chicago reppin' in the other reviews and I can offer only the perspective of a Jersey girl. This is NOT New York Pizza. This is NOT Downton Abbey. This is NOT Mad Men or The Wire. If Sicilian pizza (Kourtney) mated with French bread (Scott) and oil (Scott's hair), an 8 corner Jet's pizza would be baby Mason. In a good way. My Kardashian 8-corner Jet's Pizza is bad for you. You know it as you eat it. It offers you a one-way ticket to Pleasure-town. It's just too bad that the way back to Nashville is through Brick Stomachton and Food Comaville. Somehow I keep wanting more and while the Kardashians are shallow, that is one adjective that could never describe a Jet's 8 corner pizza. Sincerely yours,Caroline H.
<review# 309,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/10/2013,3/3/2013,110,90,1,3,2>As much as I wanted to give this place five stars I couldn't yet. I was there for their soft opening yesterday and thoroughly impressed. Craft brews on tap and bottle, brewing supplies, and you could grab a bevvie while there. They have a lot of plans in the works. a couple dartboards are going to get setup and they are going to have some food trucks for the grand opening Saturday. Over the next few months they hope to start offering home brew classes too. The biggest weakness that I see is the parking. You have to be careful where you park or the neighboring business will have you towed.
<review# 310,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/28/2012,3/2/2013,32,72,7,7,5>I'm from the South. Until I actually set foot in this place, I thought it was "March" and not "Mar-shay"...because I come from the Athens of the South and I'm all educated and junk.We stopped in after a run all sweaty and hungry. On this morning, we were the "East Nasties" because...well, we were sweaty and wanted eggs.I got an omelette with a side of bacon.The omelette was omeletteriffic and the bacon had clearly been cut and designed by the bacon artisans that they keep on staff in the back of the store. Okay, probably not, but it was still pretty "clutch", as they say in 2003.The best part is that you get heaping loads of coffee in big mugs. The coffee has also most likely been steeped and brewed by Trappist Monks in the bowels of the Marche' building. Or, if nothing else, it's good...and you get lots.Oh! And there's bread and it's so good it almost makes you stabby.It is a wee pricey though, but it's totally worth it.For a person that stayed away from East Nashville for almost 30 years, it's really growing on me and Marche' is another tally on my list of why I was wrong about East Nashville.
<review# 311,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/2/2012,6/13/2013,186,329,14,9,9>Fantastic.Unadulterated fun in my mouth.I never knew cauliflower could be so sexy... and tasty.Let's face it, Etch is a wonderful delight and a unique departure from Deb Paquette's previous (and enjoyable) adventure that was Zola.  Etch is located downtown, and parking is a breeze.  There are metered spots along 3rd, there is a large parking lot managed by one of the parking companies right down on the corner, there is a large parking garage (that closes at 11) on the other corner, AND there is free valet service.  Seriously, unless you are driving your 18-wheeler with cargo in-tow, you be able to find a parking space.  Oh?  Your car is U.S. Navy Aircraft Carrier?  Well, then you are out of luck.  The rest of we normal folk can find a park.The space/decor at Etch is open, airy, and I'm guessing pretty classic cool.  I'm not terribly "cool" so I can only judge.  If I wanted to be one of the cool kids, I'd want to be Etch.  Plus, I like that I can see the kitchen from the main dining room.The menu is vegan friendly, vegetarian friendly, gluten free friendly, and carnivore friendly.  In other words, all of your friends should be able to find something that they want to eat here.Recommendations:* The cauliflower appetizer is to die for.  I'm serious.  I was forced to slay a few people with my butter knife over the dish.  It comes with truffled pea pesto, salted almonds, and some kind of cheese sauce (goat, I think?).  Anyhow, please excuse the bodies... but don't touch my cauliflower.* Lamb Chops.  Hey, I'm a carnivore.  I might have slain over my cauliflower but I also enjoy carnivorous delights (that sounds dirty... I've digressed).  They were cooked perfectly and paired with my appetizer were more than enough for this gentleman to consumer for an evening.* Wine.  The list of wine is short but robust - if that makes sense.  Went with a red recommendation from the sommelier - an Argentinian (the wine, not the sommelier).It's close enough that if you parked yourself (or you get your keys from the valet) that you can walk downtown after your meal and enjoy some honky-tonking.  Or, hop in your car and take a short trip up to The Gulch or Belmont/Vandy or 12 South.Love Etch.  Love the location.  Love the food.  If I were Billy Bob from Varsity Blues, I'd be screaming "TEN! I give it a TEN!" and asking it to marry me.
<review# 312,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/10/2013,6/12/2013,69,60,10,8,7>YOWZA!!!!!  I am going to go out on a limb here and say something I am awfully cautious about saying.  This place is among the top 3 meals I have had in Nashville.  There I said it, and I meant it.  This place puts the fun back in fundamental.  Sorry, I had to do that, it just demanded to be expressed.  Now onto the review.This place has only one downfall, and I think that it can overcome it easily.  Location.  While the ever popular evening spot Family Wash is right across the street, this little train track adjacent place has little else to draw in a crowd.  But what else do you need I ask.  Fundamental makes a statement offering classic French cafe fare (I think, though sadly I have not been to France) in an unpretentious, comfortable setting.  Lets start where my meal started, with the Pastries.  Damn if these were not some of the best croissants I have ever had.  Our table shared a classic croissant, a pan au chocolate and an apple turn over.  All three were delicate, flaky and savory.  Oh, and did I say delicious?  It would be easy to spend your whole experience here eating nothing but buttery, delectable pastry and walking...wait...waddling out of the place wondering why there was a sudden butter shortage in Nashville.  For my main event (we went for Sunday Brunch) I had a duck confit hash.  The duck was tender and savory and was blanketed in a fluffy mashed potato.  The whole thing was covered with two perfectly poached eggs and a wonderful hollandaise complete with a hint of tomato.  I devoured it.  It was embarrassing.  Let me tell you something.  Were it not for Weight Watchers, everyone looking at me, and a restaurant staff horrified by how fast I ate my food, I would have ordered seconds and not thought for a moment about it.  I proceeded to find my table mates plates and enjoyed a sampling of Quiche, so light and airy that it made you wonder why only the one slice.  Then I directed my attention to the french toast.  It was outstanding.  Then I focussed on my sons plate, which held the remnants of our pastries.  I stopped short of robbing a two year old, but I did consider it.  While I was contemplating stealing from my own child, I enjoyed a well crafted, perfect cup of coffee.  Subtle, rich and unctuous it was a perfect accompaniment.  I will say that the richness of the food begged for a mimosa or some acidic drink in addition to the coffee, but it was only my fault for not ordering it.Will I come back?  Does Eddie Money wish he didn't have to wear a mullet?  Damn right to both.
<review# 313,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/15/2013,6/11/2013,115,126,4,9,6>This is my favorite late night bar in Nashville.1. It's very close to my house2. There are no stupid rules like other craft cocktail bars in town3. The drinks are fairly priced4. The drinks are GREAT5. House made sodas6. The staff is fast, efficient and down to earth7. It's NON SMOKING!  Yay!8. Comfy booths are awesome seating for larger groups. 9. Food is cheap and good.10. Charles Bukowski Great spot to start your night and an even better spot to end your night!  If you're not into the crazy unique cocktails, they have a decent selection of wine and a small (but good) selection of beer.  No Bud Light or Miller Lite here!Have no clue what you want?  Let the bartenders make you something special.  You won't regret it.
<review# 314,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/22/2013,6/10/2013,139,429,,5,5>Sheer brilliance is the only way to describe this little slice of Heaven that descends to earth each year. My fiancé and I were fortunate enough to attend this year's shindig, and fortunate is the optimal word because this event sells out within mere minutes of being available online. Try to imagine the image of Valhalla you had when you first learned of it in your grade school readings of Norse mythology... now take out all those smelly warrior types and put some food trucks and a jazz band (Halfbrass) in their place and there you have it. Parking looked like a mess but I really wouldn't recommend driving to the event - there is too much delicious beer to enjoy. My recommendations: cab it or make a friend in the 12 South area exclusively for the purpose of spending the night following the event (yes, it was that good that one should form a friendship solely based on this event). We entered the gates and were given name tags and were greeted by a crew of volunteers directing us to tables with pens (to write our names), the food truck area, the greatest line of porta-potties to person ratio I have seen at any event (really good call for a beer tasting event) and finally the beer garden. My hat goes off to the organizers of this event and the volunteers. This was a perfectly run, perfectly coordinated event. Upon walking into the beer garden, one was greeted with the aroma of hops and fermented products wafting into the air. The massive tent holding at least 40 separate breweries stretching the length of a football field was filled with lively conversation as you went from brewery to brewery hearing about the different beers. Every brewer or employee was great to chat with depending on your liking of the beer they had just poured. There is something for every beer palette, and my single regret for the event/day was not having a cardto mark off my thoughts on each of the beers so I could have them for future reference. However, now when we see some of the offerings at other locales such as Craft Brewed on 8th and Stone Fox we know exactly what we like. Mark this event on your calendars and make sure you get online early because you'll be competing against me and every other person who attended the event for a spot in next year's event. I haven't been to many beer tasting events in Nashville, but I'm willing to wager this is the best one in Nashville.
<review# 315,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/1/2013,6/9/2013,34,118,1,3,2>I went to Kay Bob's a few times last summer, looking for an easy lunch. Accomplished. I like the Greek salad with grilled chicken. No muss, no fuss. The open windows out front create a fresh, breezy atmosphere that's a welcome respite from an air conditioned, fluorescent-lit office domain.After several months apart, I've reunited with Kay Bob's. My recent visits have been in the evening, during which I sampled the sweet potato chips (get all the sauces) and the Kubideh dinner platter. I was impressed with the seasoning of the meat, and the generous portion sizes. The main thing I dig about Kay Bob's nowadays is the beer pricing. The selection is expansive, and the $2 special is a great deal for a microbrew. Cheap pitchers (read: jumbo mason jars) are also fantastic. This is a great option for a menu and beer selection that appeals to diverse tastes, is easy on the wallet, and in a convenient location.
<review# 316,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/21/2013,6/8/2013,116,220,,4,2>I used a Scoutmob deal yesterday at Salsa, and was completely blown away by how wonderful the food was. I ordered the Pastelon de Amarillos, which is sweet plantains with ground beef "lasagna" (no noodles), with a side of Mofongo de Yuca. I almost made myself sick trying to finish it, because it was so flavorful and different. The plantains made it just a little sweet, and combined with the delicious ground beef, I just couldn't stop myself from eating until I could pop!My friend ordered the Pechuga de Pollo Rellena de Amarillos, which is chicken breast stuffed with sweet plantains. I tried it, and couldn't believe how much flavor they packed into that chicken. We had the Limocillo drinks, which were pretty good, it's rum with lemon juice. They have a happy hour with food specials and some of the drinks are 2 for 1. It's in a semi-hidden spot, just past Cummins Station almost to Mercy Lounge. I hope the location doesn't prevent it from taking off, because there is plenty of free parking and it's so close to downtown, if people know about it, I'm sure it will be quite popular. I would definitely recommend Salsa!
<review# 317,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/3/2013,6/7/2013,26,493,,2,4>2013/014We came in to see "Chasing Ice" a few weeks back, and enjoyed the movie as well as the comfy seating. I like small theaters, as I'm not into going to see a movie for the ambience of hundreds of people around me for a first run movie. I honestly didn't notice any of the architectural details of an historic place; you see one indie theater that used to be historically- and cutlurally-significant, you've seen them all. They do offer the kind of foreign and independent films that generally attract a more subdued crowd. However, at the time I saw the movie, the women behind us kept slurping/whispering throughout the entire movie. I kept glaring at them, only to find out that my husband knew one of them. Oops.Given the blue laws of this state, I was surprised to see them offering alcohol.
<review# 318,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/18/2013,6/6/2013,96,336,,4,4>What a strange, strange find! Who knew this place even existed. The only reason I found it, was because a friend went and posted some pictures. Usually I am not a fan of antique places and yard sales, bad childhood memories, but this place was really cool. It's located pretty close to the gulch and downtown, but it takes a little Googling to really find it. We didn't end up buying anything, a little on the pricy side, but it was sure cool looking around. It's a really neat place to take people visiting from out-of-town.
<review# 319,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/10/2013,6/5/2013,43,166,4,7,2>Yup, adding another 5 star review.  THIS PLACE IS AMAZING!!  Yes, it deserves the all caps double exclamation mark treatment.You go in and order your pizza at a counter.  You aren't allow to change any toppings.  You're thinking that's kind of snotty of them.  Then you quickly realize it's because they know best and you're a fool who wants to mess with perfection.After you order you grab a spot at a communal table and less than 5 minutes later there's a smokin' hot ooey gooey delicious pizza in front of you on a baking sheet.  Yes, less than 5 minutes.  It's because they cook it in 1200F pizza oven for 90 seconds (I asked).  Did I mention it's amazing?  I'll do a crappy job describing so just go taste for yourself.It's BYOB wine and beer--not liquor.  When we went there was someone who had brought in a bottle of jack and was drinking it with his pizza.  Not ok, which the manager quickly told him (who brings jack?).  If you order carry out from start to finish it's less than 10 minutes.Anyway, if you can't tell this quickly became my fav pizza place and Nashville and I suspect will stay that way.
<review# 320,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/31/2013,5/26/2013,46,758,4,4,4>Knock Out Wings was our third stop in the Winter Wingathon.  It's not much to look at with its strange boxing gloved chicken (how is a chicken going to wear boxing gloves?), and the GPS took us down a back alley saying it was a road (Wing, wing, nudge, nudge) but we got there okay.Parking is fairly decent but it can get to be a bit of a tight squeeze because people will park behind you on the edge of the lot in such a way you have to back out and make sure you don't try and drive thru them.The food came pretty quickly, though not as quickly as the group of us who got there almost at 11.  It seems like it fills up pretty quickly and near as we could tell there were two people making the wings and one person working the register. It got very busy, but they *were* knocking out some wings.Now, lets talk about the food.First of all, I accidentally ordered the tea. I'm not much for tea usually, but this was absolute.. What's that word for a happy accident? (asks Google) Serendipity!  The tea is delicious! very sweet (maybe too sweet for some) with a nice touch of lemon.We ordered a 16 piece combo with a side of Cajun Fries to share.  Each order comes with a honey roll, and they were kind enough to give us two.  In fact, without even asking, they split the order into two 8s with a roll for each. So extra points for consideration.  The honey sauce on the wings was fantastic, and the wings were cooked just right.  The Cajun fries were hot, but not TOO hot, so the better half could eat them and not be uncomfortable.The booths were a bit tight, especially for the girth-some (Hey, I review food, so I'm not shy about it), and by the time 11:30 or so rolled around it was hopping, but Knock Out Wings delivered a KO in my book. I certainly recommend it for anyone looking for some really great wings.
<review# 321,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/19/2013,5/25/2013,9,106,2,9,6>1 half point penalty for small sides. Sides there are priced ok but portioned smallish. That aside, Edley's is now my top spot for 'que when back out east. Its big in size and big in number of draught beer taps: 20 (18 now flowing). That beats the original Edley's 12south # of beers on tap by a factor of 3. Also many of the draft beers are local including nextdoor neighbor Fat Bottom brewery. Some of the sandwiches there are equaled or bettered by nearby Drifter's. Drifter's though has more of a divey feel while Edley's East is cleaner with better variety. Edley's Tuck Special sandwich reminds me of offbeat Austin 'que. The Tuck brisket includes a flat egg, pimento cheese, pickles and red & white sauce in one sandwich! What a sandwich! And what a a fancy barbeque joint for east Nashville!
<review# 322,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/10/2012,5/24/2013,42,325,8,6,2>Wow, this was a fantastic experience and dinner !Our server started us with a the appetizers, Banana Frita,  Polenta & Pao de Queijo which is a Brazilian Cheese Bread. Then the Feast begins as you flip the wooden peg from RED to GREEN the Passadores (meat waiters) come to the table with knives and a skewer, on which are speared various kinds of meat, be it beef, pork, filet mignon, lamb, chicken, duck, ham, sausage, fish, and other sorts of local cut of meat. Make sure to try the Caipirinha, this is the national cocktail of Brazil.Leave room for dessert, their Creme Brulee, ohh la la or in Brazilian, Saudade !
<review# 323,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/19/2013,5/23/2013,85,236,,5,4>I. Love, This. Place.  This little shop packs quite a wallop in Nashville as the italian food 'go to' store.  Run by Tom, a die-hardt Phillies fan, they sell everything from oils, cheeses to their AMAZING homemade pasta.  Tom is cheery, and relies on 'mama' to do his big pan 'take and bake' servings of baked ziti and lasagna.  The things are to die for.  Their baked ziti pan serves a group of 6 big eaters no problem at around $40.  The sauce is heavy ricotta and you can add meatballs for a few extra dollars.  Having little kids, we tend to stick to 'normal' pasta (cheese ravioli, plain noodles) but this place could hold it's own in a town rich in other pasta suppliers.  They have tomato, basil, lemon, pepper and even take special orders (!!).  Their website is surprisingly well developed for a wee store and you can plan ahead by calling and having a chat with Tom who has always been willing to hold stock for us especially on busier holidays and weekends.Go for the amazing pasta in an Italian deprived city and stay for the fun sports talk with a Philly boy.
<review# 324,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/14/2012,5/22/2013,23,333,3,2,5>*This review is for the secret bar upstairs... oh wait. damn.*Big fan of the smoky bar upstairs. It has never been so packed that we couldn't get a table and I appreciate a place where people aren't standing shoulder to shoulder and pushing their way towards the bar.  Great place for pool if that's up your alley, as well.Double points for having Gerst on tap!
<review# 325,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/6/2012,5/21/2013,44,98,,8,6>I was checking out the Shops on Fatherland and stopped in to check out their tea. I've just started drink tea and was looking for some more adventurous blends and flavors. I was enthusiastically greeted and explained what the shop offered. I took a minute to look at all of the herbs, teas and tinctures, and was a little confused. The owner took time to explain to me some of the herbs. I asked her specifically about her pain management blend. By asking a few questions she suggested that I should try a custom blend. For $12 she mixed up the herbs that she thought would best address my condition and spent time explaining to me what they did. We picked 5 herbs and added some chamomile and lavender for flavor.I was so impressed with the time she took to explain the different properties of the herbs to me. She was so excited about what the herbs have done for her and other people. She was extremely knowledgeable and excited about her art. For $12 I got a custom blend divided into 12 teabags, which was enough to make 12 pots of tea. She suggested I drink a pot a day, and I'm on my first as I type this. My blend is herbaceous and earthy; very comforting. I will definitely be back here for more tea.
<review# 326,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/21/2013,5/20/2013,55,189,2,5,2>Went here last night for Supper Club and it was TO DIE FOR. Straight out of the gate, the new decor is totally adorable and the service was very attentive and friendly.Our waiter brought our bread basket and to my surprise it was a huge pretzel and a waffle accompanied with butter and an apricot mustard. It was so good and very unique.I ordered the blvd burger with fries. Prepare yourself for this bold statement.... I'll give you a second. Ready? Ok. Best burger I've ever eaten. No joke. That good. The burger is high quality beef cooked to perfection on a pretzel bun with cubed house bacon, caramelized onion, swiss, aioli and a tomato confit. When you place the bun on top and slice through the middle the warm yolk seeps into all the flavors blending them together in this tangy, smokey, buttery masterpiece. Ok, I'm getting way too into describing this. Moving on. lol.The fries were amazing... as they should be, considering they have a menu dedicated to them. I got the standard S&P because I wanted to try all the sauces they had. I tried some sort of spicy aoili and a honey smoked vinegar. Mix the two together... trust me on this. After we finished dinner, I walked to the front and made a reservation for next weekend. I can't wait to go back!
<review# 327,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/26/2013,5/19/2013,156,282,,3,4>I drink water, all day long, and it's usually the only liquid I order when I eat meals out.  However, on this occasion I ordered Calypo's hot spiced tea and HOLY HELL was it awesome.  A little fruity, a little cinnamon-y.  Gosh, PERFECT for a colder day.The variety of comforting, nutritious "caribbean" food on the menu is so enticing.  I had the BBQ chicken with a bunch o' sides, including the sweet potatoes topped with coconut and the coleslaw.  Hate to say that the coleslaw was a big disappointment.  However, the only disappointment of any of my Calypso visits.I loved completing my meal with one of the Calypso Bars - shortbread bar cookie topped with coconut, almonds, more yummy stuff.And SO affordable.  Ja mon!
<review# 328,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/28/2013,5/18/2013,40,166,3,9,6>This place is spectacular.I've been twice now and will surely be back again soon.  The only thing keeping it from being a weekly happy hour is my bank account, given then $12 per drink price tag (though the experience is worth every penny).Both times I had 2 drinks, which I would recommend as any human being's absolute limit - these delightful concoctions are potent, even when they don't taste like it. Of the 4 drinks I've tried, only 1 was ordered from the menu - it was my first one, before I realized that these amazing bartenders will craft you something to fit your tastes perfectly if you give them a few details on your preferences.  On the second visit, our bartender (who kept calling me Miss Lady) asked for my beer of choice, liquor of choice, how I drink that liquor and whether or not I like ginger.  A few minutes later I had a cocktail that I can only describe as perfect, right down to the fun giant ice cube.  It's almost as fun to watch them create your potion as it is to drink it.  They constantly taste the drink (in the most sanitary way possible, don't worry) and adjust it until it's exactly how they want it for you, using eyedroppers of bitters, fancy liquors I've never heard of, fresh fruit, and other secret ingredients.  It's a big difference from most bars that slap some pre-determined proportion of ingredients in a glass without thinking twice. Given the level of skill and care that goes into every drink, we asked our bartender what she would call herself, since 'bartender' doesn't seem to adequately describe the craft being practiced here.  She replied, "we're bartenders, we're just doing things the way they used to be done and should be done." Point taken.  While this bar's concept may sound pretentious, the staff is anything but. Oh yeah, and there's also food.  I've only had the mini burgers - yum.
<review# 329,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/20/2013,5/17/2013,148,641,5,7,6>When one needs something Nashville-ish to send to folks abroad this is a neat place to get a gift. However I'd say 80% of the store is out of my price comfort zone. I just can't afford to buy my sister a $128.00 scarf. But there are some fun knickknacks, gag gifts and interesting jewelry that are affordable. I also like their card section, there are some funny ones, pretty ones, awkward ones and local ones. The store aims to be a something for everyone store, and in someways it is, I think also it's very Nashville in that it is somewhat Nashvegas-y but not quite all the way extreme as what you may find on Broadway. Interesting to stop and look around in that's for sure.
<review# 330,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/25/2013,5/16/2013,126,270,,2,3>Here's the 411 on WEC. They are awesome at breakfast. Opening at 7:00 a.m. allows you to catch a quick bite on the way to work. Hubs and I waltzed in at opening time and we remained the only patrons for the duration of our meal. I ordered the breakfast sandwich with crepe-thin eggs, which I loved. I hate when you have a b-fast sandwich and you look like a barbarian or have to unhinge your jaw just to get a bite. Hubs got the southern omelet and unfortunately through a misspoken request, they couldn't accommodate his desire to have it made without eggs. We got quite a laugh.   WEC has adopted a "table service" mentality as opposed to the "order at the counter" thing they had been doing previously. I prefer the new style because it is more intimate and personal rather than awkwardly standing trying to place an order. Service was great. Conversation was great. Coffee was flowing. And any place that your server asks if you want coffee to go after you pay your bill gets bonus points from me!
<review# 331,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/18/2013,2/1/2014,96,90,2,10,4>This might come as a bit of a shock to my regular readers, but I spent about 6 years being vegetarian and I was vegan for about 1.5 of those years. Just because I re-embraced my love of meat doesn't mean that I can't get behind some seriously good vegetarian fare. Honestly, sometimes it feels good to eat something that seems much healthier than bacon (not to knock bacon- just sometimes I can feel my ventricles closing if I eat too much). The Sunflower Cafe, a vegetarian and vegan restaurant in Berry Hill, opened about a year ago. Steve and I checked it out for dinner before a movie on a recommendation from my best friend Jeff, who also happens to be a vegetarian. Sunflower Cafe serves their food cafeteria style. Normally I don't like this type of food because mass produced items are never as good and they lose their flavor the longer they sit in the trays. But for some magical reason, the food at the Sunflower Cafe didn't taste like regular cafeteria style food. Maybe it's in the cooking, I don't know. Basically you look at all the goodies down the line and pick what you want. Our server was very nice and super helpful. I asked for recommendations and I got them in abundance. Nothing makes me happier than when I encounter a genuinely affable server.The decor is simple, bright and clean. Long dining tables reminiscent of college dining halls populate the place. I dig this set up because it allows you to make new friends if you choose. This might be the cleanest restaurant I have ever stepped foot in. Everything was SPARKLING, even the bathroom. Plus, I totally love the little Sunflowers they have dotted around the place.I chose the the tofu buffalo sliders with sunflower rice and sweet potato casserole. Each night there's a rotating cast of entrees and sides. You have an option to pick an entree and two sides, or a whole bunch of sides as your meal. The food bar was packed with tons of options- making the decisions hard! I enjoyed the sliders and was impressed with the crisp layer of breading they were able to get around the tofu. It created a really nice crunch. Since I like spicy food I think they could stand to put a bit more spicy buffalo sauce on the tofu. I liked the bread to filling ratio of this dish and the blue cheese dressing just knocked it out of the park. Buffalo sauce and blue cheese are a match made in heaven. The sunflower rice was just OK. I enjoyed the nice crunch of the sunflower seeds, but besides that it didn't have any distinct flavor. The sweet potato casserole was hearty, thick and sweet without making your teeth hurt. Overall, I was really impressed with this plate and what turned out to be a huge portion. Steve had the Thai ginger tofu over sunflower rice with a side of sweet potato casserole (great minds think alike). I really liked the curry. It was thick and had a lovely creaminess about it. The tofu was firm without being hard, a difficult line to walk when it comes to soy. Both Steve and I ordered kombucha on tap from tealixir. I keep ordering it, so I guess I like it.Overall I really enjoyed my experience at Sunflower. The food was fresh and there were tons of options. The staff was friendly and helpful, and they keep the space itself super clean. The best part was the fast service; we were able to make our movie with no problem!
<review# 332,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/2/2013,1/31/2014,48,118,3,5,4>Down a door, who could ask for more?You have to love Grimey's - a cornerstone of the Nashville music scene, great  selection of new as well as "pre-loved" music. A very knowledgeable staff and mind blowing in store shows.Well hold on to your vinyl lovin, good groove gettin, sonic searchin ass. Grimey's Too has more to feed your music and caffeine needs! Books, oh yes, they have an amazing collection to meet every musical taste. Read up on Rollins or take a literary leap to Jupiter with Sun Ra it's all here! Oh and if you have a java monkey on your back, they got a monkey too! A Frothy Monkey to feed your java need. Once you find a book to feed your mind and a cup of bliss to rejuvenate your mojo grab a shady spot on the deck and let go. Enjoy.So who could ask for more?  It's the feed your mind one stop store!
<review# 333,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/24/2013,1/30/2014,111,160,4,9,4>I wouldn't file Rosepepper under "Amazing" but certainly it's really, really good. Their menu is a little more experimental than your average Mexican joint (avocado fries, etc.) and their drinks are on point. An entire page of the menu is devoted to varieties of tequila- sorted by shelf/price range. Mojitos, mezcal, and margaritas: yum. I like trying different drinks every time I'm here and the bartender can be a big help in selecting a tequila right for you. Back to the food. I usually get a burrito, which is as big as a football, so it's easily enough for two people. I always forget that their courtesy chips & salsa comes with three kinds of salsa, which is awesome. You get mild, medium, and tomatillo salsa bowls. Their guac is also good, which is crucial to me. I like their patio which is heated and got a recent makeover. Service is always great too. I guess my only complaint is that sometimes the dishes aren't as good as I know they've been. They're not 100% consistent in taste. But this is true of most places. Rosepepper is still my Mexican restaurant of choice.
<review# 334,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/25/2013,1/29/2014,500,733,,9,5>They estimated delivery to be 40 minutes but managed to get to my place in 20.  They're usually fast but never take longer than their expected time.  The delivery guys are usually frustrating (ie/ talk fast, hang up on you, can't figure out how to reach you, impolite, sometimes lazy, etc, etc).  Aside from that, I do like this place.  It's cheap and most of the menu items are good.Good- BBQ spare ribs - sweet and salty- steamed dumplings- general tso's chicken- downright addictive!- teriyaki chicken on skewers - chicken is tender - Beef Lo mein (fatter noodles)- pork egg foo young - it's basically an omelet with a salty sauce- pork chow mei fun (thin noodles)- sesame chicken- sweet and sour chicken - fried with dipping sauce- "chinese vegetables" - long beans in black bean sauce - it's salty- Boneless spare ribs- Chicken rice soup - especially great when you have the cold!- beef and broccoli - kind of blandMediocre (or bland)- pork fried rice- rice was hard- Scallops- pretty sure they're not scallops...- chicken with cashews.
<review# 335,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/31/2013,1/28/2014,91,274,1,5,5>I love Table 3 as a spot for a great dinner meal, so I was excited to try their deli-inspired dining space, The Market.  Artisan sandwiches, coffees, and dessert offerings make up this sunny little space near the cinema at the Green Hills mall.  If you want the quality of Table 3 with a less formal feel to it this is a great place to sit and get a more café-style experience.  Their turkey sandwich with bacon and avocado was absolutely delicious.  It's a fantastic alternative to the always-busy-and-insane Cheesecake Factory when out shopping.  Its more relaxed but with all the yumminess that you'd expect from Table 3.  I will absolutely be trying more of their offerings from here from now on when at the Mall.  They also offer cookware and other miscellaneous items for purchase, and like the food everything is reasonably priced.  I like this much better than the other places you can dine at at the Green Hills Mall, mostly just for the ambience.  With the weekends always so packed out there, this offers a nice refuge to the craziness.
<review# 336,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/12/2013,1/27/2014,118,53,8,10,9>Last Christmas my husband and I received a gift certificate to Sperry's. It was amazing food. ( it was last year so I don't have details to share with you.)We decided to eat Thanksgiving dinner at Sperry's this year. We've never eaten out on Thanksgiving before, but our daughter lives out of town now, so it was only four of us.Weighing the options~ cooking and doing dishes for 4 ~seemed like more work than I was up to. We had a reservation at 2:30 PM and were seated immediately. We started with appetizers of stuffed mushrooms and oysters ( delicious ) and champagne which was about $60 a bottle ( 2 bottles ). All four of us chose the turkey dinner, and it was delicious ( turkey, mashed potatoes, stuffing, cranberry chutney and green beans ). The atmosphere was excellent. The fire was blazing, candles were lit,  the room was dark ~ all windows are stained glass, so little outside light. The bill was lower than we expected, although I don't remember the exact amount. We had a great time and are considering making Sperry's our Thanksgiving dinner spot from now on. The only downside? No leftovers. :)
<review# 337,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/11/2014,1/26/2014,60,125,,9,8>Here's what I appreciate about this airport:I have never waited more than 30mins to get through securityI love that you'll always see someone famousI love that on the car loop, pick-up for departures you can park for 15 minsThe shuttles from all the parking lots come very oftenThe ecomony parking rate is very goodThe things that could be better:They could offer free WiFiThey could use more places to charge electronicsThey could use more bars because they are always full
<review# 338,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/22/2013,1/25/2014,149,113,7,10,7>For starters, let it be known how much I love bagels and cream cheese. I've eaten an incredible amount of bagels in my life and therefore have developed pretty high bagel standards. Gotta have standards in life somewhere right?I found this place through yelp actually by searching 'best bagel'. It's a bit of a drive from the Vanderbilt area but no distance is too daunting in the search for a great bagel. The building is really nondescript and looks just like all the other surrounding brick buildings so keep your eye out for the sign. The inside is very plain with an industrial feel but thats fine because I expect them to be bagel experts, not interior designers. Theres plenty of seating, a couple couches and some stools along the window. I probably wouldn't bring my computer or books here to study, but thats just me. I didn't get very adventurous with my order because I always like to try the basics my first time at a place. I chose an everything bagel with the roasted garlic and chive cream cheese. I took a seat along the window and unwrapped this little carbohydrate nugget sent down from heaven - I treated it like a delicate present. A few other reviewers have noted that the bagels were small.. I however thought it was standard bagel size (these people must be finding giant size bagels somewhere that I need to find too!). Also I LOVE cream cheese and its the most disappointing thing in the world to me when you open your bagel and find only a tiny smear of this great stuff. Bagel Face gives you TONS of cream cheese, so if you're a cc lover like myself and can never have too much, this might be your place. So happy to have found a great bagel place in Nashville!
<review# 339,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/22/2013,1/24/2014,123,41,2,13,3>After not finding this place on Yelp, I drove to see if they were out of business... Happily, they are IN business!! I don't suggest eating in. Decor is slightly better than a stereotypical Chinese To Go restaurant. It's clean and chairs are decent (see pics i uploaded) but not much more. They DO deliver to the area though!My experience here is they provide fresh food in generous quantities. Their is a sign on the window that says "New York style Chinese restaurant " this is not Wild Ginger or even Koi for that matter. But for the market they serve- they are the best in the area!Fresh food, generous portions, friendly service and reasonable prices!They are located in the strip mall behind Franklin Chop House down from the newer Tae Bow Studio on Hwy 96.Please thumb up/comment if you liked this review and I would count it a privilege if you chose to follow me as I review places I travel and visit. Thank you for taking the time to read! ~mp
<review# 340,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/11/2013,1/23/2014,76,161,7,6,3>I'm definitely a regular at Jonathan's.  This dates back to my days of living in Bellevue.  This is a good bar and has and excellent set up with the tvs in the bar.  I'm not thrilled about the rest of the seating, but generally do head straight to the bar area if I want to catch a game (which is the reason I go).  The food is good.  I usually get a pizza.  They have a 1-topping large for $10 on Sundays and it's a good deal while you're watching the NFL games.  The salads are also very good.  They do have a solid beer list and generally run a 2-for-1 special on a beer or two.  Even though I go quite often on Sundays, this may be the worst time to go.  Some of the NFL fans are morons and cheer a bit too much while watching the tv.  I'm all about cheering for my team, but random explosions when the Dolphins get a first down are a bit much.  There is also this group of Chiefs fans that sit in the corner of the bar.  There are about 8 of them and they have this woman that is so loud that I've considered leaving a few times.  She gets lit and starts screeching--sounds a bit like and eagle swooping in for the kill.  Just make sure to sit away from them and you're good.
<review# 341,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/7/2012,12/6/2012,186,329,2,4,2>The Belcourt Theatre is a fantastic venue for viewing the movies that are either independent classics (think:  Moonrise Kingdom, or The Life Aquatic with Steve Zissou, or Rabbit Hole, etc.), art house classics, and then the fun quirky side of movies (e.g., Rocky Horror Picture Show).  There are blockbuster mega-hits that do not make it to the Belcourt, and rightfully so.  That isn't the purpose of this theatre.  For the next Hobbit movie, I suggest that you make your way elsewhere.The picture on the screen is high quality and the sound is great.  The acoustics in the building are really good as well.  The concession stand has a full bar in addition to the traditional movie fare.  It also has actual food as well.During the summer/autumn, they show free movies on the side of the building (e.g., E.T.) and it is a great time for the whole family.  The clientele is a wonderful mixture of the eclectic, hipster, families, professors, college students, drama students, and the high school art crowd.  It is just such a nice little place, and it is a historic must-do while in Nashville, in my opinion.  Yes, it doesn't have anything to do with Country Music, but it is such a treasure and one day should be a historic landmark (again, in my opinion).
<review# 342,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/19/2012,12/5/2012,26,485,7,6,4>How is it you can tell that you've found someplace special?Is it that there's a line backed up to the door to get the food at lunchtime?Is it that it's super-packed even in an out of the way place like Elm Hill Pike?Is it that it's a lunchtime only pizza place that has valet parking?I didn't recognize all these signs as I waited in line for the New York style Italian food, but I had noticed the waves of glowing reviews of my fellow yelpers.  That's a good sign even if I can't read more subtle signs.As I walked in, my mind took me back to my youth when I actually lived in the Empire State, and was not surprised when I found lasagna, chicken parm, ziti, and pizza: lots and lots of pizza.The huge pepperoni pie was enough to cause waterfalls in my mouth.  Garlic, mozzarella cheese, pepperoni, and olive oil was some of the greatest sights and smells I've seen in years!But then they brought out the Gladiator, and it was glorious.  Even uncooked, you could tell it was going to be the greatest pizza ever.  It was three inches think and clearly piled on with loads and loads of pepperoni and sausage.  And there was enough cheese on the pizza to cause lactose intolerance in an elephant.  When it came out, I was amazed at just how mountainous this was.  I know I sound like I'm outrageously exaggerating about the size of the pizza, but it was legitimately the deepest, densest, and most massive pizza I've ever seen.  No lie.I started to order two slices, but everyone around me went "NOOOOOOO!  One is more than enough!"  Being my first time, I decided to let their collective wisdom be my guide, and they were soooo right!  My experience eating just one slice of the Gladiator was like experiencing my own episode of Man vs. Food.  I spent a half-hour downing this monster.  It needed two paper plates.  It was delicious, but so literally the largest pizza slice I've ever had.I finally did finish the thing, but I was absolutely stuffed.  I'm over thirty, and It's been over 20 years since I've been filled by more than one slice of pizza.  That's astounding.Joey's is a great place, giving you a great and filling experience for a relatively small amount of money.  Yes, the wait can be long, but that's only because the food is that darn good.  I've been looking for a true New York-style Italian experience and for my money, this is the best, far exceeding even Manny's in the Arcade.  If you know New York pizza, this is it.  If you want the real deal without having to travel 700 miles, I don't see how you could do better anywhere in Nashville.
<review# 343,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/8/2012,12/3/2012,69,394,4,4,4>I admit, I was not impressed by the idea of a replica of the Parthenon randomly plunked down in the middle of Tenneessee. But I went to a fundraiser there recently (a toga-themed fundraiser, no less) and had a fabulous time. It's a great event space and lends an air of importance to even the most sophmoric theme.
<review# 344,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/12/2012,12/2/2012,220,423,3,3,2>This review is for restaurant week, but I always have a lovely time at Bound'ry.We had a big group of 8 for a birthday dinner that just happened to be on the second day of restaurant week! SCORE! The price fixed special was really great... soup or salad with any entree excluding steak for $30 bucks! Loved it! This was really great because we had 8 entrees to choose from PLUS 2 Restaurant week specials. Can you say great deal?I chose the heirloom tomato salad with spinach, house made mozzarella and citrus poppy seed vinaigrette. WOW. Restaurant week has been spot on with their salads so far! Plus the presentation was killer! The soup of the day was a spicy tomato bisque that was excellent as well. Great start so far!I decided to go crazy and step outside of the box so I tried antelope... what the what?! I know, I decided to be bold! It was cooked medium rare with a red wine gastrique and rainbow chard on the side. Excellent. Someone at the table ordered the restaurant week special of some kind of shark fish (what the?) and I snuck a bite and thought it was pretty tasty as well! The lamb was a good entree too, though it was cooked medium instead of medium rare. Our waiter was great, and we sat on the patio since it was lovely outside. What a great way to celebrate a birthday!
<review# 345,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/17/2012,12/1/2012,814,132,7,12,9>I debated back and forth between a 4 and a 5 because I wanted to give this restaurant a 4.5, however, the excellent service convinced me into giving it 5 stars! Congrats Cha Chah...hope your server gets a promotion! Lamb meatballs?! Seriously? This appetizer broke my vegetarian vows! It was exquisite, may I add the chef Arnold Myint won the TV's Top Chef competition with this recipe? This is where Mary's little lamb went....We ate it all! It's skewed to lemon grass leave sticks...who would of thunk to use lemon grass as skewers  to create such a tasty and aromatic dish?!! Warm Brussels? Ahhhh, wondering how to get anybody to eat Brussel sprouts? Introduce them to Cha Chahs's warm Brussel sprouts!! I guarantee you, you will be a big fan of these miniature cabbage heads marinated in smoked vinegar...yes I said smoked vinegar....the restaurant smokes their own vinegar...and I don't mean roll it and smoke it either. Going Vegan? Portabella with quinoa. Yummmmmm. Excellent! Not a trace of food left on the plate. Fish? I tried their Halibut, this is where my -1 star would have been. Honestly, I think the fish needed a little more of something, it was crisp on the outside and perfect on the inside as far as texture, however, taste was bland, and the sauce did not give it that last "ummmph" it needed. I would have preferred a little bit of a kick to it....Desserts: Banana Panne Cotta, ok+, Honey cake w chocolate and cherries, would have been stellar if it wasn't so dry. :( Service? Excellent server, wish I would have remembered her name! She had short orange-blonde hair...super sweet, very friendly and speedy...couldn't have been a better server! ;) Cha Chah's, you are on my top Nashville Original's list! :) I'll be back!
<review# 346,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/16/2012,11/27/2012,8,74,,6,3>Samurai Sushi has been around for a very long time and I just got around to going there last night for the first time.  Its a very tiny restaurant on Elliston Place across from Subway (or, the old Mosko's location for you Old School Nashvillians).  The food was excellent and the service was spectacular.  My server was extremely friendly and nice.  They prepared my sushi extremely quickly and I was surprised when I got my rolls with very little wait.  Another huge plus was they had their score from the Health Department posted on the wall and it was a very satisfying and comforting 95.  If you are hankering for some really good sushi and are in the Elliston area, then you should check out Samurai Sushi!
<review# 347,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/17/2012,11/26/2012,54,150,,4,4>Picture this: $5.99 for a hugeeeee portion of a gigantic falafel pita sammy that doesn't even fall apart when you eat it (plus you can add jalepenos), fresh out of the fryer french fries and a refillable fountain drink. IS THIS REAL LIFE? Yes, fair reader, it is. Try Santorini! I dined in here last Saturday for a lunch special and I couldn't even finish half. Paid 7.77 after tax and tip. It was delish. DEF will come back.
<review# 348,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/5/2012,11/25/2012,23,333,,4,5>This is a great little place to grab breakfast and a coffee. I have no idea why anyone would wait more than an hour standing outside to get into Pancake Pantry -- walk across the street, folks!There are LOTS of breakfast options, but I'm usually on the go when I stop by here so the breakfast panini is a fav (chive eggs, bacon, tomato & cheese... simple yet filling & delicious.) It's also great to grab a loaf of fresh bread for dinner. They can usually suggest something to match what you're making.If you're into specialty coffee, there's a whole board of options. Personally, I go for the drip coffee and it has all been pretty tasty.Can't beat the prices, either. Very affordable.
<review# 349,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/7/2012,11/24/2012,70,64,3,4,4>As far as Nashville sweet desserts go, nothing is better than Fox's Donut Den. It absolutely creams the competition when it comes to morning treats. And - best of all: it's a local joint.I honestly don't know what more to say other than their donuts are delicious and the variety is amazing. They have muffins and other breakfast treats, although I haven't ever tried them.And, most importantly, Fox's sells the best bagels EVER. I love nothing more than a dense, doughy bagel and they deliver. The cream cheese they offer isn't of the Philly Cheese packaged variety, either, but scooped into a little container. A bagel+cream cheese at Fox's will even run you less than the same at Panera.So, what are you waiting for? Stop by - morning, day or night - for a special treat from Fox's Donut Den. And don't forget to stop and appreciate the old-school neon sign that was saved by the community when the shopping center underwent a face-lift.
<review# 350,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/14/2012,11/23/2012,40,166,1,2,3>Who doesn't love the chicken coop?A million sauces to choose from, free ice cream, greasy fried chicken indulgence... there's really nothing else you could ask for.I love the big patio, and the interior is very eclectically decorated.  The place has personality, for sure. The portions are big, so don't get anything bigger than the small basket unless you're planning to share.  I always think I can tackle it myself, but it always wins. The location is great and it's usually pretty easy to find parking.  It's just far enough off of Hillsboro not to be a cluster, but close enough to be near the action.
<review# 351,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/3/2013,9/17/2013,186,329,6,9,4>I have had the luxury, I feel, to have enjoyed a superb cast of hair stylists and barbers the last several years in Nashville.  Mic at Parlour & Juke has surpassed my already high expectations based upon experiences with other talented individuals in the market.  So, I have been to Parlour & Juke 3 or 4 times now over the last 3 or 4 months, but am just getting around to writing a review.I dig the vibe and decor at the joint.  The "old-timey" barber chairs combined with the notes written on the mirrors and open loft concept really kept me feeling chill.  When you combine the decorative elements of the joint with the personnel, then I think you will experience the same down to earth, chill, and trend-setting aura that I have.  The place makes me feel comfortable, young, and like I am in the know.  Generally speaking, I am comfortable in my skin but I don't usually feel young and I definitely never feel "in the know"... so to get me to that psychological state just with decor and personnel interaction as I wait... is well-played.I also dig Mic's personality.  The guy is snarky (like me) and definitely gets references to everything and anything off-the-cuff metaphor-y that you can think of:  pop culture references - he's got it.... movies, books, music, .... check, check, check... even "wrass-ling"... yeap he's down.So, the vibe is awesome and the guy is a personable dude, so what?  You say.Well, I have had some good haircuts in my day, but never have I received so many compliments as I have after every visit to see Mic.  Seriously, I have had gay female friends tell me I looked hot and sexy, guy friends (gay and straight), and even had women hit on me because of my haircut.  These things do not happen to this guy.  And the friends are ones that are close enough that they'd much rather give me a hard time than compliment.  I draw the strongest correlation to my haircut because nothing else has changed... So, Mic.  Thanks.  Parlour & Juke, thanks for employing Mic and creating the vibe.I'd highly recommend to other people to run on out and go.
<review# 352,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/30/2013,9/16/2013,228,720,2,3,3>The Hazen Brigade Monument, built in early 1863, is the oldest, intact Civil War monument in the nation...The NATION!!! Here in our backyard!!!Tony and I went to Stones River National Battlefield and this Monument is located on the same side of the road as the National Cemetery just a few yards down the road from the Visitors Center.Its a monument with an Iron gate and stone wall around several graves. There is also some cannons located in park along with the marker signs. If you want to go on a nice walk with your kids or animals..to enjoy a great walk during the afternoon and learning some Great Historical facts...you must go here !!!I highly recommend this area, even if you are NOT a history Buff, like me!!! IT's Ideal just for a great hour or two or longer of enjoying God's Backyard and the beauty of Nature..I am going again, and again ....and AGAIN !!!!
<review# 353,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/13/2013,9/15/2013,243,217,3,4,2>Like my fellow yelper stated this place is hard to review so i will state the obviousIts small dive like most take out places, on this particular night it was understaffed and their was already a line of people waiting for their food. The front desk order taking girl was MAXED OUT with orders coming in and the phone ringing but i must say even though i couldn't understand not a word she was saying she kept a friendly smile on her face and worked her ass off trying to deal with the rude impatient people in there! And for that I just added another star...Food is average and its conveniently located in lennox village next to a barber shop, pizza place and other eating establishments.Will come back!
<review# 354,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/16/2013,9/14/2013,23,71,5,3,3>This is a cajun/creole/what the hell ever joint in a cute little Berry Hill house. At lunchtime I think it is more casual food, po boys and what not. At dinner they've got a slightly classed up menu.  There is a nice outdoor patio in the front, and the inside has glass walls on three sides. I think it's trying to look like a shack, classed up. There is a small bar inside too, but we walked in and it was so hot inside we decided to eat outdoors. The great thing about the outdoor patio is that it's about two feet below the house's floor level, and I soon noticed that I had an eye level view of the crotches of every diner indoors. Put your napkins on your laps and no scratching or crotch adjustments, indoor diners. They've got wine and beer. Draft and in cans, some of it is pretty cheap. I could be on crack but I think my 16 oz glass of Blue Moon was $3; if not it was $4 - still cheaper than most. I got the house salad with blue cheese, and that was the best blue cheese I've had in awhile. All the dressings are homemade. Hubs had the Sensation Salad, which is a Caesar. His was reportedly really good.For an entree I got the catfish almondine. Never had catfish before. In fact I am someone who thinks I don't like fish, but I was trying to prove my sense of adventure to my husband. And it was good. Cracker/cornmeal crust, crispy on the outside, moist on the inside, and hot hot hot. Everything is served on metal camp dishes, so maybe that's how it stayed hot while I was eating my salad (see server, infra). Dirty rice and green beans were adequate, nothing that blew me away but no complaints either.  The hubs had the jambalaya. He said it was not spicy enough, too tomato-y, like they cooked it down too far or put tomato paste in it, and that there were undercooked onions in it that he was purty sure were thrown in after the fact. I concur. So, he is still on the search for better jambalaya than Razz'z. This would be a five star review if it weren't for two things: 1) deplorable parking, probably like most businesses on Bransford. There is a lot behind the house. Said lot was completely stuffed. We parked in the business's lot next door. It was 7pm though. Bet you'd get towed for that during the lunch hour. 2) our server was hands down the worst server we've had in Nashville. He wasn't rude at all, but he just wasn't attentive, at all. I'd have preferred he said, "Please make all your requests for every single thing you'd like to eat and drink and condiments etc. right now, because aside from walking by and dropping those things on your table, I won't be talking to you or coming back." I could not get another beer to save my life. I mean, who doesn't stop by when they see a nearly-empty glass on the table to try and rack up another easy $4 on the check? When your husband asks for another beer, who wouldn't see the nearly-empty glass next to the wife and walk away without asking her if SHE wanted another $4 beer? Who doesn't even ask if you want dessert? THIS GUY! I know he had a lot of tables, but this dude didn't even act busy; he just could not multitask. He'd walk out to the patio, take a drink order from one table, then walk back inside, even when two tables were waving him down at the same time. The couple behind us waited forever for their check. We waited forever for our salads, and two bites into our salads our meals were on the table. I suspect that was his doing, not the kitchen.
<review# 355,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/4/2013,9/13/2013,26,230,2,5,2>Great food! Friendly service, and great prices too. My group had some veteran Ethiopian food eaters and some rookies. The waitress treated us well and helped the rookies navigate the best way to taste the foods and answered the detailed questions from the veterans.For appetizers we enjoyed Ayib Begomen, cheese mixed with greens, spiced butter, and dash of chili powder, and Yemiser Sambussa, a pastry filled with lentils, onion, peppers, and spices.For the main meal we had the vegetarian and meat and vegetarian combinations and one of every dish available in those combos. The lamb was awesome and the peas and lentil dishes were all very tasty. The enjera (flat bread that's a staple of Ethiopian) was great - warm, but not soggy or dried out like many places.Finally, we finished off with the coffee. Try it if you go with a group of three or more. It's delightful coffee roasted in-house and brewed in front of you in a large clay pot with a little incense burner. You'll probably need it after eating all the food.
<review# 356,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/26/2013,9/12/2013,75,33,3,7,5>The first time I ever set foot inside Gabby's it was in the middle of a torrential downpour. I was in the neighborhood and friends had raved about the burgers so I decided to stop and check it out. I parked in their lot and stepped into a mud puddle, after freeing myself I walked in the front door and the gutter decided to drain directly on my head. I walked up to the counter ordered my Gabby burger and sat at the bar. The girl behind the counter(who on an unrelated note bore a shocking resemblance to Scarlett Johannsen) proceeded to hand me the perfect cheeseburger. No hyperbole here, it was perfect. A few weeks later I came back thinking it was a fluke and the second time around would probably be humbling and less awesome. WRONG IT WAS PERFECT, AGAIN. Maybe it was the two enormous patty's, maybe it was the two kinds of cheese, maybe it was the grass fed Amish beef, I don't know, but I do know they've captured lightning in a jar with this one. They also have these awesome rice krispy treat variants for sale, and kick ass fruit tea, and a variety of flavors of mayonnaise. Long story short, this place is the bee's knee's, the cat's pajamas and the camels toe, don't sleep on the gabby burger, you have no idea what you're missing.
<review# 357,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/18/2013,9/11/2013,49,133,3,4,4>"Better than sex biscuits" is not an overstatement. Damn, Loveless Cafe definitely has the best biscuits in town! The biscuits (6) came with the breakfast meal I ordered. They came with 3 different types of jams (strawberry, peach, and blueberry). After having the blackberry jam at Urban Grub, any other jam seems average to me. Initially I ordered the Breakfast Steak and 2 Eggs but they ran out of the Rib-eye (at 8:00 am!! boooo!!!), so I changed to Pit-Cooked Pork BBQ and Eggs instead. I had my eggs fried - medium and a side of hash-brown casserole. I wasn't a fan of the BBQ, however my friend loved it alot and ended up eating most of it. I never touched the hash-brown because of how cheesy it was. My fault, I should had gotten the potatoes instead. The only thing I like in this dish is the eggs, they were cooked to perfection.My friend had the Southern Sampler Breakfast (Country Ham, Sausages, Bacon, and Red-eye gravy. The country ham was so salty that it was hard to taste anything after that. They should add this "country ham" to the hypertension risk factors list. The sausages were so dry. We tried to pour the red-eye gravy over it because we weren't sure what was the gravy for...it didn't help. I wouldn't order this. The portions are huge. I could barley finish half of my dish after eating all of those yummy biscuits. Breakfast for two people were more than $30, which is pretty expensive. I suggest share the platter with someone and order A La Carte on the side (for 2 people). I got here around 8 am and there were no waiting lines. I will be back for those heavenly biscuits and try the fried chicken next time! 2013/#58
<review# 358,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/29/2013,9/10/2013,323,390,1,16,8>I went to the Row this weekend and was very happy to see that a new restaurant occupied the old Pie in the Sky location.This is a great place to go if you are in search of a late night bite.  The decor and atmosphere is fitting of the current trend of Southern food in Nashville.My friends and I sat at the bar.  Service was great.  I had the Grapefruit Fizz.  Grapefruit vodka, soda water and some lime was all I needed to hit the spot.  Priced at $7.50, I found the drink to be priced fine and very refreshing.  Wine by the glass can go as low as $6.00 and there is a great selection of local beer on draft.We split two appetizers.  The Stuffed Sweet potatoes with Pulled Pork were so good.  Great flavor profile and very easy to split.  The fried green tomato app was very good too.  The cornmeal was spiced just right and the pimento cheese side was really good.The live music is another draw for me.  I have to say the music, good service, ample parking and patio is going to bring me back.
<review# 359,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/18/2013,9/9/2013,10,306,1,16,6>Definitely one of the top three BBQ places in Nashville.Highlights:1) The dry ribs. Thoroughly smoked, expertly rubbed.2) The pulled pork. At many mediocre BBQ joints, pulled pork can be a bland and mushy mess that you have to drown with sauce to render edible. At Peg Leg Porker, the pork has nuance, body and seasoning that lets it shine on its own. The sauce can then be used to enhance, not disguise the flavor.3) The sauce. Good Lord, the sauce. Delicious. Definitely you can taste the tang of the Memphis heritage. (Tip - There's a peppery hot sauce available too, but they keep it behind the counter to protect the innocent and unwary.) ;-)4) The people. The gal working the counter was friendly, welcoming and efficient. Pitmaster Carey Bringle took the time to ask me whether we enjoyed our 'Q and chat about his goals and philosophy at Peg Leg Porker. 5) The focus. I admire restaurants that specialize in doing one thing and doing it great. At Peg Leg Porker, the focus is on the pig. And Bringle and Co. clearly know what they're doing with all things porcine.6) The sides. The baked beans are phenomenal. Smoke out the wazoo. Same goes for the Smoked Green Beans, as you might expect. The mac-and-cheese was surprisingly good. The cole slaw was fine, but not remarkable. I'd love to see Peg Leg Porker experiment with jazzing up the slaw in some way either toward the spicier or the creamier sides. Right now, it's very middle-of-the-road IMHO.7) The speed. We placed our order at the counter. Took a seat and next thing we knew, Carey was calling out my name for me to come and pick up the food. True, it wasn't that busy on a Monday night, but I was still impressed. They've clearly got a well-oiled machine running in terms of dishing out orders promptly and accurately.7) The atmosphere. I dig the concrete floors, the whitewashed cinderblock walls, the high ceilings, the artwork (giant boy-meets-pig photo next to our table) and the overall cleanliness. Nice outside patio too with a view of the downtown Nashville skyline and the Gulch. I do have to say that I imagine the room will get awfully loud when Peg Leg Porker is packed. But hey, nothing wrong with a loud BBQ joint! ;)Logistics - Expect mostly street parking, although Peg Leg Porker does have about three spaces for Compact cars. The driver of the giant SUV that parked next to us clearly had a different idea of "Compact" than most people.Nitpicks / Suggestions - (These are tiny critiques that might not bother anyone else, but just saying...)1. I would have appreciated slightly larger portions on the sides. (Well, the portion was actually perfect for the rich mac-and-cheese, but would have appreciated a bit more of the beans and slaw.)2. The drinking straw dispenser is slightly non-intuitive. And personally I prefer individually-wrapped straws.3. It would have been nice if there were cups for BBQ sauce at the condiments station. Conclusion - Bringle is clearly in the right place at the right time. Peg Leg Porker is convenient to Downtown, the growing Gulch and the new Music City Center. Conventioneers, tourists, Gulch residents and the rest of us are lucky to have such a top-notch BBQ spot close at hand.
<review# 360,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/10/2013,9/7/2013,29,125,2,7,2>My fiancé buys almost all of his suits from Levy's. They have a nice selection and talented tailors. You can be assured that if you will walk out of here with an excellent fit. Alterations are critical if you are buying a suit off the rack. This is why Levy's provides complimentary standard alternations for any regular priced clothing. If you do find something on sale use the money you saved to have them do the tailoring for you. The quality of their work is superb. In addition, Levy's has excellent customer service. There is one salesman in particular that my fiancé prefers to work with and he makes a point to remember my fiancé's name. The rest of the staff is always courteous and kind. There is nothing more attractive than a man in a well fitting suit. If your pants have full breaks or your cuff is skimming your palm, stop and get yourself to Levy's. Forget Mulan, Levy's will make a man out of you.
<review# 361,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/27/2011,1/8/2012,49,147,3,3,4>i went here for the first time ever this weekend and i really, really liked it. i've gotten into design in my old age, when i was younger i was STRICTLY function over form, but that attitude has tempered in recent years. why do i bring that up? because the decor here i just great. very danish and mid-century modern. there is a couch in particular along the wall opposite the bar that really caught my eye. i had to stand back and look at it for a while, and i'm sure i looked stupid as i did. there are some chairs that look like herman miller shell chairs sprinkled around outside and some more interesting pieces inside. i'll stop with the furniture babble, but when you come in, i think you'll see why i was so into the decor.me and a friend started off with the charles bukowski, which is a shot of whiskey and a bit of beer. five bucks! next was a plate of sliders, as my sobriety's doom was closer than i was comfortable with at 8.15pm. another friend joined us, he got a cocktail jar of something called a cobra kai, which is either soju or sake with cucumbers. i don't like cucumbers (but love the way they smell), but they mixed well with the rice spirits. super easy to drink and fun to share with a table of others. next, i got a rum and cola. they make the cola in house, and as marcia mentioned, they don't use dye. dental hygienists the world over are into that, i'm sure. they cola isn't like regular cola, it tasted very herbal. i don't know how to expound on that, really, but it's worth a try. i wasn't quite expecting that, but it was a pleasant surprise. friend got a caucasian (white russian) and he was floored. i had a wee sip and it really was that good.another friend joined us, and he got a cuban sandwich. the sandwich was good, and it was served with some plantain chips. i like plantains. a lot.it's in my blood, and there were easily the best plantain chips i've ever had; even better than anything i've had in puerto rico. those chips alone make me want to go back, never mind the excellent drinks, service and decor.here's to hoping this bar stays around for long while, the owner is really on to something here!eric b
<review# 362,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/9/2011,1/7/2012,627,968,4,8,5>I was going to hit up La Hacienda today but then I saw Los Arcos over on the right and swung my car through traffic and squealed the tires into the parking lot.  I wanted to get my Mexican seafood on!! So wow, this place.  When I walked in I was like "woaaaah look at the cool chairs"!  Each chair at each table is emblazoned in the wood with the words Los Arcos and other decorative work.  It makes the place look a step above other places.  Our waitress was young and kind of sassy - I liked her very much.  She didn't care that we took forever to peruse the menu, drank our drinks like some hungover fools, and basically were needy.  She brought chips, salsa, and gave us plenty of time.Menu has standard fare - I think it is just as much grill as it is seafood - but still had an entire page of seafood options.  Sadly I didn't see the option for the whole fish, skin on, grilled like at my fave place in Big D.  But tilapia with the diabla sauce (or diablo, is it feminine in this case?  Can't remember) was on my radar.  Think spicy red sauce, served with rice and a side salad.  (I asked for no beans so perhaps it may have been served differently if I hadn't.)  My brother got some chimichanga, enchilada extravaganza covered in cheese.  So the diablo/a sauce was legit man!  It was actually full of spice and although the color red was a little different than I'm used to, the flavor was nice.  I ate all of it.  The other great thing is that this dish is not all goopy and fatty.  Grilled fish covered in a non-cheese based sauce with rice was not too bad for you and you didn't leave feeling heavy.  Now if only I could somehow justify the chips!   Also, please note that they had a salsa bar over in the side of the room that the waitress told us about.  These were some more adventurous and pleasing salsas than just the usual.  Go check it out!We also tried some pineapple soda and I finally decided to bust out and try some horchata.  Ya, I lived in TX for 11 years but I just never tried it when there was perfectly good diet coke around.  Today it sounded cool and refreshing and looked like it would cool down the heat in my mouth.  And it did.  Everyone there was sucking that stuff down too - I watched the full container of it in the back get progressively emptier just during our short lunch.I am definitely coming back to this.  While I miss Tex-Mex the most, I  have to say that this place was legitimately yum and I want to try more of their offerings!
<review# 363,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/6/2011,1/6/2012,126,270,5,9,6>Here's the hoedown on Loveless. You might think you have to get your white socks and sandals on with a huge camera around your neck to fit at the Loveless Cafe but you are wrong. Loveless Cafe is great if you are visiting town or a local (I consider myself a local). We arrived at the Loveless "compound" around 11:40a.m. First order of business, don't go that late. The hubs-to-be and I waited around an hour and 45 minutes for a table. Fortunately, the cafe is surrounded by a little general store with free coffee and plenty of souvenirs like fresh jams/preserves ($6), Loveless T shirts ($12), and really cool Nashville memoirs and cookbooks from top rated restaurants in town. There is also a random bike shop, pottery store, and religious antique store. Breakfast or brunch at the Loveless is really an all day affair.When the pager finally buzzes you have the opportunity to sample the greatest Southern fare that is served within minutes. Think Crackle barrel but much better! The biscuits are buttery and literally melt in your mouth, a staple at the Loveless. I ordered the BBQ pulled pork and eggs (~$8-9). You are probably thinking,"really," but yes really. Although at first it sounds unappealing, it was the most delicious! The french toast (~$9-10) was so good the syrup was not needed. As sides, I ordered the home fries. Mmmmm tasty!We also ordered take out for dinner and let me tell you the fried Okra will be my next meal alone should I return. It is like crack, seriously. The catfish platter was flavorful even when reheated the next day. For two people dining in and taking dinner home we totaled $56.00 including tip. Not too shabby!
<review# 364,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/13/2011,1/5/2012,94,224,5,4,5>I finally get to Yelp about a brewery! And a craft brewery at that. I'm going to enjoy this...Let's start with the goods: the beer itself! We got the beer sampler, which is easily three beers, for $8. Not a bad deal, if I do say so myself (and I do). The Dos Perros, and the porter were my favorites, but they all had very unique flavors! The Hop Project was a little too hoppy for my taste, but my boyfriend probably would've left me for a case of that stuff. He loved it! Overall, I'd say you have to take a few sips to really taste the correct, big flavor in each beer. While I wasn't a huge fan of most of the beers, I definitely respect what Yazoo is doing. No bells and whistles on their beers, just straight up beer flavors. Now, the next most important thing about a brewery: the tour. No complaints here! $6, which comes with a free pint glass, 3 heaping samples of beer in said pint glass, and a super fun tour guide! I loved the tour, and the tour guide.  She was funny, knowledgeable, and friendly. I think if my boyfriend left me for a case of Hop Project, I'd ask her out. The brewery itself is relaxed, chill, and has fantastic art on the walls. Not to mention their porch is awesome! This is definitely one of many visits from me.
<review# 365,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/30/2011,1/4/2012,28,106,3,4,5>Chaat Chaat Chaat Chaat!! All the food is great here, but make sure you check out the chaat and indo-chinese dishes. The usual common Indian dishes that you can get anywhere else in town are fine, but the real stars here are the things you can't get anywhere else. We were lucky to get a good introduction from fellow Yelper Ashwin M. who ordered a variety of things for the whole table that were all amazing. The puris are oh so good. Paani puri is my favorite and fun to make and eat, too. A drop of this, a dollop of that, some spicy water and devour before it saturates the puff! The Woodlands Special Rava Masala Dosa is another favorite, but they are all great. Uthappas are super, too. Definitely a regular stop in our Nashville restaurant rotation.
<review# 366,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/23/2011,1/3/2012,38,244,,8,4>I am hesitant to give Ichiban 5 stars because it's not the BEST sushi I've ever had; however, it's likely one of the best sushi places in Nashville that I've been to so far.  The restaurant is tucked downtown in an unassuming location between honky tonk bars and tacky souvenir shops.  The inside is cozy, quiet and dimly lit, and our server was pleasant enough.I ordered salmon and shrimp nigiri (my standbys), as well as a spicy tuna roll and seaweed salad.  The seaweed salad was bright green, fresh and tasty, and the tuna roll had the perfect amount of kick to it.  My test for how a sushi restaurant really is, is the quality of the salmon nigiri - if that's good, the rest seems to follow.  It didn't disappoint here!  The salmon was buttery, fatty, melt-in-your-mouth smooth!  I could have ordered an entire plate of it.  I definitely want to go back to Ichiban and try more of their rolls!
<review# 367,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/3/2011,1/2/2012,55,201,4,7,5>I love just about everything at Melrose, except the fact that it's not in my hood, and that it gets entirely way too packed.  Even with that, I still don't mind driving the short distance every so often. Melrose happens to make one of my favorites except with a twist.  Take for example the beloved Bushwacker.  At Melrose it's called a Tallywacker.  Minus the 151 and a bit more vodka, it's a lot richer and thicker than the Brewhouse version.I don't have anything negative to say about the food.  They use local beef for their burgers, the waffle fries are killer, they make a great veggie burger, and the tortilla soup is one of my wife's favorites.2 for 1 on Thursday and a fairly decent Sunday special.  Not bad my friends, not bad at all.
<review# 368,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/23/2011,1/1/2012,119,224,6,5,4>I dug it, but I agree with Kristen G's review about the grease. At first I thought she was just a Jersey/NY pizza elitist with a penchant for extra grease on her pie, but after trying it myself I agree! This is the healthiest seeming 'NY Style' pizza, well...ever? I guess I can paint a picture by explaining that I only used ONE NAPKIN the entire time I was there.All that aside, the marinara was delish and the fresh basil on my garlic knots was the meow. They have a rotating French Broad on tap along with some local and domestic selections. I think it'd be my new favorite joint should the pizza be $2 cheaper (18 inch veggie is $22) and the beer about .50 cents cheaper (draft runs $5 for a microbrew, which isn't too too bad) - but maybe the 5 points address runs steep? Husband and I showed up around 6:30 and were seated right away with a friendly smile and beer & garlic knots soon thereafter. About 30 minutes later was a different story as it started to get pretty packed. I recommend eating early!The place was full of families, but as a non-breeder myself, all of them were staggeringly well-behaved and I didn't mind it at all! I'm sure the scene changes a little as the night wears on - open til 11pm or midnight every night. Nice!
<review# 369,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/18/2011,12/31/2011,50,357,,6,4>Beaders rejoice! If you're tired of scouring the websites of big-box craft stores for beading coupons, then Bead City is for you. They carry very reasonably priced 16 inch strands of beads. The store is no-nonsense, no decoration, except for the rows of beads lining the walls. The selection runs heavy on crystal and glass with some stone and semi-precious mixed in.You won't find a lot of artsy or unusual beads here, but they have a great stock of standard shaped beads that are great for making all kinds of jewelry. The owner is delightful and will happily assist you with any questions. I recommend coming here for your basic beads and saving the trips to other specialty or craft stores for your accent beads. The prices are in line with online bead-warehouse places, but has the advantage of being able to see and touch what you're buying.
<review# 370,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/4/2011,12/30/2011,127,9,7,9,6>Oh, Local Taco. You're most, if not all of the things I love in a restaurant.You're cheap. I'm specifically addicted to the fish tacos (they have the best sauce, and masochistic me always asks for extra jalapeños), and they're under 3 bucks each. I normally get two of those, and a cheap side salad and I'm eating a tasty dinner for ten bucks. You've got booze. I've never actually had anything other than the margarita, but I've never had to. For girl's night we usually split a pitcher. The savings justify the drinking, right?The taco specials change daily, and range from good to awesome (I had yummy blackened salmon once, but also an overly buttery lobster taco). Even the meaty ones I'd never eat seem delicious.I'm also a sucker for a nice patio. Local Taco's patio is open year round, and just makes me happy.  Dogs are allowed out there, as long as they're "well behaved." (FYI, if your dog ate my taco, we'd have words.)
<review# 371,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/12/2010,10/24/2010,116,220,,3,5>I can't believe I had not heard of this gem previously. Tucked away in Germantown, this place has a modern feel to it, with exposed brick and an open kitchen. I only saw one part of the restaurant, but I understand that there are other rooms as well. The staff was incredibly professional and knowledgeable, and more importantly, friendly. We shared an appetizer of shrimp bruschetta, marscapone and pepper jelly, which was exquisite. I can't recall what wines we had, but I assure you they were perfectly paired with my meal. For entrees, we ordered gnocchi with squash, chestnut, ricotta and lemon... it was SO creamy and flavorful! We also had half chicken with oregano and peanuts, which was cooked perfectly (tender, juicy meat and a flavorful and crisp skin). Every bite of this meal was pure ectasy! Ladies and gentlemen, my trifecta of favorite restaurants may have just taken a re-ordering...
<review# 372,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/7/2010,10/23/2010,156,282,6,4,5>I was a little apprehensive of going to blindly get my hair done at Fierce.  I too purchased the Groupon, and when asked who I'd like to make an appointment with I requested a guy.  I usually go to a male stylist, so I figured I'd stick with it.I walked into Fierce and upon stating my name I was told the guy I had the appointment with was not there, but I could have my hair done by the seemingly very young girl who was sitting behind the desk at that time.  Um.. believe me, I felt like I was truly in for a disaster.  My appointment had already been f*ed up, and a random girl was about to do my hair!You know what?  Amber, the stylist, kicked my hair's ass.  In a good way.  My hair looks great.  I described what I wanted and she really did exactly that.  The color is beautiful, the cut is really nice.  The Groupon package came with a protein-treatment, which was like a mini head massage. I'm glad I took advantage of the deal, because the experience could have been pretty pricey.  I'll continue to go to my regular hairdresser as I have a repoire with him.  But I totally recommend Amber to anybody.  I think Fierce has gone through a few ownership changes, so the inconsistent Yelp reviews might be the result of that.Also, I will most likely re-visit Fierce because they offer craniosacral massages for a better price than some other salon/spas in town.
<review# 373,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/12/2010,10/22/2010,193,147,3,4,5>Dark, sexy, delicious.... That's Sambuca Nashville! I've been to Sambuca many times now and I've never been disappointed. The food is outstanding, their happy hour is exceptional, their cocktails are expertly prepared, their ambiance is plush & a little sensual and the music is generally rockin! I'm all for a place that has draped booths where if you get one... you can't help but think.... oh yah, I'm totally a rockstar (I mean who doesn't want a swanky, slightly covered, I've got the best table in the house type booth?). Couple that with it's dimly lit bar & dining room and a band... and we're not in Nashville anymore... we're in LA (but with actual hospitality instead of fake friendliness). The first time I went to Sambuca, I knew it was something special. The heavy tall doors you walk through, the flame lit patio overlooking the Gulch, a loud "cool kids" upper balcony and the shiniest marble floors I've ever seen... I'd just hoped the food was as good as their designer... It was! I've tried the bignets (amazing little morsels of prosciutto, mozzarella, & some kind of delightful basil glaze), the calamari (huge portion, perfectly seasoned & fried with the yummiest aioli ever), the miso seabass (juicy, tender, flavorful and just the right amount of spice... this is my favorite), the fliet (topped with gorgonzola walnut butter... it melts in your mouth), and last but not least... the creme brulee (which is easily big enough for the whole table to share and perfectly caramelized... mmmm).Their cocktails are strong, but totally drinkable and their wine list boasts some really great by the glass choices!Oh.... and valet parking is free (just tip). If a "supper club" is your thing... or you just love great food set in a great atmosphere with good service... Sambuca will be on your love list after just one visit!
<review# 374,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/10/2010,10/20/2010,888,249,,3,1>Without this practice, I wouldn't have the joy of my four babies in my life.  Dr. Mobley (deceased) and his staff have saved my cats and dogs lives on multiple occasions.  One diabetic cat, one cat with kidney disease and one dog with prematurity issues, Mobley VC has become a part of my family.  They are always willing to fit us in for during business hours emergencies.  I've also kenneled multiple times here.  Zero criticism.  Zero!
<review# 375,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/27/2010,10/19/2010,53,213,1,2,2>Nice relaxed joint with some heavenly coffee. Seriously, their brews blow Starbucks by a mile. Strong, aromatic and heady. The decor was delectable and, mainly, the "artisan mac and cheese" was The Pimp!  I would just go back to grab another square of that. My wife, a tea drinker, got an espresso with a little milk and told me, "This is the quantity it should be, not like Starbucks, where a latte is a meal." They also sell Oliver & Sinclair chocolates. If you still haven't heard of them, well, you're welcome.
<review# 376,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/5/2010,10/18/2010,11,15,2,8,2>My favorite thing about this place should be the amazing decor and time and attention each nail tech puts into his/her work, but it's actually the owners that make it great. I love seeing them each time I walk through the door. I tend to arrive right before they close, and they never turn me away, or hurry the service along. It bothers me that people will take one tiny aspect of Venetian, focus on it, assume the business is bad, never say anything in person to the owners so they can fix it and then blog about it marring the overall reputation of the business. Yes, there is a little bit of a language barrier with a few of the nail techs, so mannerisms may come off as cold, but if you actually speak to the person doing your nails, you will find that they are gentle and sweet. Yes, sometimes I can't figure out who I am supposed to follow down the hall (this is in reference to a different post)- but I start walking in the general direction and within seconds they will motion me over to the right place. This is a busy, large nail salon. Obviously, it is hugely popular and many people find the service top-notch. I found out about this nail salon through a friend. He told me this was the best place in the city. Since venturing out for my first service in 2007, Venetian quickly turned in to my go-to place for manicures and pedicures in Nashville. My manicure and pedicure always lasts longer than other places I've been. I appreciate the water and wine I am offered when I arrive. I enjoy the clean massage chairs and I LOVE the fact that I almost never have to wait for service. Although nothing will ever top my most beloved spot in San Francisco (Silks), Venetian still comes in with very high marks.
<review# 377,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/6/2010,10/17/2010,40,15,3,3,4>I decided the corner of Porter and Riverside needed to be graced by my presence today, as I am in the process of purchasing a home within a birds eye view. So after lunch I dropped into the Fairytales Bookstore, and was extremely surprised with what I found. They sell everything you would expect of a kids book and activities store, including books, toys, everything to tickle the kids fancy of hobbies and crafts but they also had adult activities! I was greeted at the door by the very friendly owner and she openly shared her desire to be a true landmark in East Nashville. She not only has a store full of objects to tickle my inner child, but also offers book readings to children, kid crafts, an adult sanctuary (while the kids are entertained) and even adult art classes! Classes are Friday and Saturday and the instruction and supplies are provided. Classes seemed to be reasonably priced and you walk away with your artwork! This is really interesting to me, because the closest thing to artwork I have done in the last ten years is slapping neutral colored paint on my dining room wall.... I plan on returning with my patronage for all those baby showers and kid birthdays in my near future (not for me of course, for all my crazy friends)
<review# 378,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,10/7/2010,10/16/2010,34,110,3,4,4>Pho in La Vergne! My life is complete. After a wicked hangover had ahold on me, I knew immediately that I must have Pho before I could feel normal again. I drive by this place daily and always think, "I must try their food." Well my friends, today was that day. I shouldn't have been in public in my state so I ordered Pho for take-out, a risky decision regardless. Prices are reasonable- less that $9 for a bowl of beef. Seafood was slightly more and no chicken option offered. Once I got home, I unwrapped the delicious goodness. The traditional soup had meatballs and beef slices and the accompaniments- noodles, onion slices, cilantro, thai basil, celery (??), jalapenos, lime, and red pepper flakes in some sort of oil. There was no Hoisin or Cock sauce, but thankfully, I have my own stash at home. The soup was good, not the best, but it will do in a pinch. I hail from DC, the reigning King of all that is Pho so it's hard to compare. I'm happy with the outcome and will definitely be returning though I'm anxious to try some of their other dishes. The menu is very extensive.
<review# 379,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/9/2010,10/15/2010,57,15,4,4,4>Tonight was our first time at Miel. All our friends who had been before kept telling us that we had to try it. After reading reviews, and perusing the menu, it seemed like yes, this was a place right up our alley. Seasonal produce they're growing themselves, and aversion to aluminum pans, and locally- or state-sourced meats...I like.We had a six o'clock reservation for our party of four and were seated on the patio (which we didn't realize they had, but we requested it immediately as it was a warm lovely evening). No problem. Our waitress was friendly and told us the specials, and after about 15 minutes of deliberating and settling in we ordered.Fresh cross-cut rolls came out first, with an accompaniment of salted butter, then a petite green bean salad as an amuse-bouche. The beans were garlicky and it was a nice few bites.For firsts, we ordered the foie gras, the mussels, and two escargot.  The foie was awesome, served with a Banyuls-maple gastrique and apricots, though the whole thing was made better with the pairing of a glass of Sauternes. The mussels were solid with a garlicky broth. The escargot were surprisingly rich, served six on a plate that seemed custom-made for serving them, swimming in delicious parsley butter with house-cured ham shaved finely over the top. Yum. Mmmmmmolluscs!For our second courses, we ordered two bouillabaisse, one risotto, and one special: osso bucco with seasonal vegetables. The bouillabaisse was fantastic, featuring mussels, fish, a scallop and a large prawn served with the head-on. The risotto sounded good, though I didn't taste it, served with scallops and a poached egg. The osso bucco was good, too, according to my husband, with a nicely-sized hole in the shank and plenty of marrow, but it was by this time in the meal that the sun was fully set and the lack of lighting became a moderate hinderance. Three of us had "spoonable" entrees which we didn't need to be able to see very well to eat comfortably. My husband's osso bucco, on the other hand, was a little more advanced for dimly-lit eating. I'd suggest that Miel consider some additional supplemental lighting (small lanterns, strings of Christmas lights) to bring things up on the patio just a tad. It felt very intimate and romantic, but it was hard to see!Then came dessert and the chief reason why I give them five stars and not four. Our waitress was being assisted by the owner, Seema, who came to take our dessert order. I mentioned that I was interested in the toffee cake with bacon, citing bacon as "my thing." She laughed and mentioned that they were offering something off-menu if I was interested, which featured pork belly with a hard apple cider caramel sauce. I repeat...PORK BELLY WITH HARD APPLE CIDER CARAMEL SAUCE.FOR DESSERT.Giddily and gratefully, I ordered that. We also got a toffee cake and a creme brulee.The toffee cake was excellent, with the sweet and salty element added by the caramel and the bacon together. The creme brulee I did not sample, but it looked lovely (served in a blown sugar bowl meant to mimic Chihuly sculptures) and was quickly gobbled up.But the pork belly...oh, the pork belly...my kryptonite! Six or seven bites, braised (I think) and seared on top, floating in a small pool of hard apple cider caramel with a bit of fresh fruit alongside. Every bite was a revelation.  Sweet, salty, tart, and absolutely decadent. God bless you, Seema.  You're awesome.Miel (French for "honey") is as sweet a meal as I've had lately.  Bravo.
<review# 380,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/27/2010,10/14/2010,54,100,3,4,4>Three days after our first visit she was jonesin' for a shrimp po-boy so I called in an order to go.Also got the catfish bites (just to try their catfish) and a full slab of ribs.The catfish was delicious and a definite re-order.Now to the ribs: These are pork spare ribs, not silly little baby-backs. And you do indeed get the entire rack. I have had my fill twice and still have a couple left for a snack. The deal is that they do not cook ribs everyday. I guess they refrigerate them and heat them up when ordered. Still, they were very good. If one was lucky enough to get the strait off the smoker I imagine they would be excellent. Do not doubt me. I am not the guy who has never met a rib I didn't like. I'm very particular about what makes a good rib. Good ribs DO NOT fall off the bone. You actually take bites while holding them, caveman style. These ribs had just enough pull to them, even warmed over. They are not Memphis or Kansas City style. They are slightly different, but just as tasty.  If you are a rib fan I highly recommend you pick some up.
<review# 381,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/10/2010,4/13/2011,43,59,2,6,5>Finding mediocre Thai food anywhere you go is pretty easy these days.  Finding good Thai food is quite a bit harder.  I don't know why it took me so long to stumble upon Thai Phooket, but I'm glad I finally did.  It's become my #1 go-to place when I'm craving Thai in the Nashville area.I've tried a host of different entrees at Thai Phooket, and none have disappointed.  Let me start with a few of my favorites.  Many people consider Pad Thai to be the premier dish in separating Thai restaurants from one another.  I'm not usually a big Pad Thai fan, so I don't know how or why I managed to order it as one of my entrees on my first trip there -- but boy am I glad I did.  Since that point, Pad Thai has been the one constant in every single one of my trips to Thai Phooket.  There are a couple reasons why I'm a big fan of their Pad Thai  First, the noodles are extremely well flavored (sometimes with a Pad Thai dish, you get some very plain noodles).  Second, the bean sprouts usually appear on the side of the plate.  If you're an unhealthy, bean-sprout-hating eater like me, it's all about the noodles, the chicken, and the peanut crumbles.  I LOVE that I don't have to slurp down veggies with their Pad Thai!Thus far, I've tried the red, green, and "sassy" curries, and I've been generally pleased with all three.  (The sassy is really just a variant on the red curry, with pineapple and a couple other things mixed in.)  I wouldn't say either the red or green are the best curries I've ever had, but they certainly satisfy you if you're craving that sweet coconut milk flavor.  One observation:  Thai Phooket's curry is less creamy than some, and can be a little liquid-y (watery definitely wouldn't be the right word) for my tastes.  That said, if you take home leftovers, their curry solidifies a bit in the refrigerator and comes together very well -- which is especially true of the red curry.  I should in no way admit that I had leftover curry for breakfast at about 8:30 a.m. last Tuesday morning.Speaking of coconut milk, if you have any hankering for a soup, the Tom Ka Kai is excellent.  Sweet and addicting, it's the perfect way to whet your appetite for your entrees.  You can order it by the cup, bowl, or firepot.  While getting the tray with the flame is fun (seriously, what guy doesn't like fire?), I think the bowl offers the best bang for your buck.Between the regular Kra Prao and its ginger-based counterpart, I'd have to vote for the regular.  It's pretty good.  The sauce is not as strongly flavored as some that I've had in other places, but it's definitely a solid choice nonetheless.A few other nuggets of information:* The location is very convenient if you're anywhere near East Nashville.  While it's a bit of a hole in the wall, I see that as a good thing.* Service has always been friendly and attentive.* Prices are pretty darn reasonable.* Sitting outside on the patio is really nice when the weather's cooperating.* They'll kick the spice up for you if you want it.  In addition, the side tray of spice condiments is something I've gotten accustomed to in Thai restaurants in other cities, and Thai Phooket does a great job with theirs.  At some places, you'll find the chilis in fish sauce is heavy on the fish sauce and not so much on the chilis.  Not so at Thai Phooket!  I'll usually load these on my entrees.  While this is definitely an acquired taste, it adds a ton to my enjoyment of my meal (even if it does mean I'll be paying the price for it the next day).
<review# 382,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,3/8/2011,4/12/2011,7,30,3,4,2>Local Taco should be ringing in at five stars.  They should be competing for best tacos on the planet...they are so freaking close, there is only one tweak that needs to happen, more on that later.The parking sucks, but the location is neat, cool neighborhood.  The patio is awesome, drinks are great...a good variety of alchohol, their own sweet and sour mix, and imported mexican soft drinks.the Guacamole is above average.The taco recipies are creative, excellent quality ingredients, even local ingredients sometimes.  The cost is ok for what you are getting.The staff are fun and friendly....Why does this place not get five stars????Well, it's because of one simple fact...the first thing you taste in a taco is the shell.  The shell is so important.  To turn a simple flour tortilla into an amazing and inviting taco shell all you have to do is warm it up....if you leave it cold and hard it is one of the worst things on the planet.Seriously folks...throw them in the microwave and you will be at five stars...Steam them and you will be up for best in town.Grill them and you will be up for best I have ever had...andmake them handmade and fresh and you will be up for best taco on the planet!!!untill then you're hovering between three and four stars.
<review# 383,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/12/2010,4/11/2011,46,758,,3,5>Loveless is without question the place to go if you want the very best, most authentic Southern Food you can get in the area.Very little more needs to be said.  It remains an institution not to be missed.If you have the means, I highly recommend trying it out.
<review# 384,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/17/2011,4/10/2011,23,333,2,3,3>Overall: Frozen yogurt fans rejoice! Toppings & flavors a-plenty but watch the portion, it gets expensive fast.Food: There are about 8 to 10 flavors that rotate, but there's always vanilla, chocolate, some kind of sorbet and then original tart. The flavors are all very thick and creamy and you can try as many as you want before you commit. Toppings range from cereals, to candy, to fruit. My personal favs are usually the sorbet flavor (either pomegranate or mango) and load up with fruit on top. If you don't want fruit, go for cake batter - delicious.Atmosphere: Typical ice cream parlor, a few chairs and tables. Nothing great, but it's clean & bright so I'm not complaining.Cost: Here's where it'll get you. This place can get expensive quickly. Last time I was there, the total was $8.50 for 2 portions. Personally, I think that's a little pricey for ice cream... but it's ok for an occasional treat.
<review# 385,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/25/2011,4/9/2011,66,262,5,5,6>My coworker and I wanted to try a lunch restaurant that 1. Is a local business 2. We've never been to before. I did some searching on Yelp and found Yellow Porch. I've driven past it so many times, and finally we were going there! Hooray. Its a cute place in Berry Hill that has deep reds (my favorite color) and dark shades. There were a few folks having business type meetings. The service for ordering food was prompt. Seats about 60 people ..and maybe thats being generous. Some menu items included the Seared Sirloin Greens, Reuben (and turkey Reuben), quesadillas, pastas. They have home made soups, tomato basil, potato and a blue cheese! Lots of salad options! For portion size comparable to price .. I was happy with my massive $8.50 salad. The greens weren't wilted and it was fresh. I got a cup of coffee, that tasted fresh brewed (even at noon!) on that chilly day. The art in the place is very colorful and cool. A nice not too romantic place for a great first date or nicer feel lunch. I was going to give this place a solid 5 star review but when asked to divide up a check our waitress was greatly annoyed. Then it took far to long to divide up the two salads and two drinks and pay with two cards. Maybe that was my hint I probably should have did good deed of the day and bought my coworker lunch. I was hoping she would buy mine! Ha! Next time....
<review# 386,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/8/2011,4/8/2011,7,72,3,7,9>The first time my husband and I went to this restaurant, we had a very disappointing experience. Our server rushed me to order, wouldn't answer my questions, and tried to cheat us out of a promotional Valentines dessert. Plus, the duck I ordered was tough and had a 1/2 inch of fat on each slice. We felt that we'd wasted $150 on terrible service and mediocre food. I ended up e-mailing about our experience and contacting a manager. He offered to make up for our busted Valentines meal there by having us come back for free.We tried again a couple of nights ago and were treated like rock stars! We were shown to a table across from a cozy fireplace and immediately welcomed by a manager. Our server was competent and easy-going & brought us champagne. The chef came out with a special item not on the menu for us -- pineapple with caviar and turbinado sugar. (It was one of those French names given to little tastebud teasers served before an appetizer). The 2 stand-outs for me: The shrimp and grits were outstanding! The shrimp were freshly seasoned with a subtle bite, and the grits melted in my mouth. Also the vanilla brulee with berries was killer!My husband was happy with his rich prime rib and potatoes. My pan seared halibut was good if a bit dry. We didn't have to pay for a bit of this, though we did, of course, tip well. We truly felt pampered. I joked that I wouldn't be suprised if the dishwasher came out to make sure our plates and silverware were up to par!This truly made up for the first experience in a big way. It meant a lot that the management cared enough to treat us with such extravagance.
<review# 387,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/30/2010,4/7/2011,85,236,6,6,2>So normally this would be a 4-star place, but let's face it....we're in Nashville folks and Papa Johns and Pizza Hut are all we have, so I officially give it up for NY Pie.  Crust is thin, crunchy without tasting like cardboard (not that I can actually compare having not eaten cardboard).  They have a great selection of traditional and eclectic toppings, a lot of pies at the ready for those who want to grab a slice and go and a staff that seems to actually have their shit together (maybe they could go next door to that awful wing place with 3000 TVs and the waitresses with a collective IQ of 100 and lend a hand?).  Prices are reasonable, not exactly someplace you want to bring a date since its lacking on ambiance, but if you were the kind of guy who brings a chick out for a slice of pizza, I'm gathering you probably don't get a lot of dates anyway.  Try the call ahead for personalized calzones - yum to the max.  Oh, and then hit the gym, cuz it is NOT good for you.
<review# 388,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/23/2011,4/6/2011,123,108,3,8,5>This place has some yummy stuff! It's is called "Bobbie's Dairy Dip" which to me is a bit misleading, I get the whole Ice Cream reference, but this place is much more. They added an expanded outdoor area last year with tables, umbrellas and a large wooden fence to block out the transmission shop next door. For a place on a busy street like Charlotte this was a great idea. My Daugther loves this place, of course for their too much ice cream on the cone, cones and the atmosphere. It is a nice spot to sit and chat, and eat an ice cream. But wait, they have more. Black Bean burgers, sweet potatoe fries, milkshakes (they will add anything you like just about). It feels like walk up and drive through places I remember as a kid, but it has healthier options and a far more expansive menu than you might expect. It gets pretty packed, and thats okay too. They move as quick as they can while still serving the hot foods up hot and the ice cream with all the fixings you request. The staff isnt the friendliest all the time, although they are seasonal and pretty young (insert teen angst here) They get the job done. Providing a jug of water and cups for patrons is also a plus, rather than forcing an ice cream craving customer to also buy a bottle of water. We will frequent this Nashville spot the entire season it is open! They have some limited hours on certain days, dont drive across town for a late night snack, they wont be open. Instead plan to enjoy this place after a nice walk at the nearby walking trail in the afternoon, or on the weekend.
<review# 389,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/12/2011,4/4/2011,24,215,8,5,7>It is a rare thing when you can walk out of a restaurant and honestly say that you had the best "whatever" of you life there.  The older and more jaded you get the harder it is. At the City House I didn't walk out with a best "whatever" of my life, I walked out with four.  By my reckoning I had the best octopus, the best turnip greens, the best Italian sausage and the best testicles of my life in one trip.  One of those might seem odd, but the veal balls were one of the best things I have ever had in my life.   Pizza and pasta were also exceptional and would make a great trip on their own.  Everything about the meal was as close to perfect as I have had in the USA.  The only negative about the meal was that the food was so good I bit my tongue in the enthusiasm of the meal.  The City House is an establishment that could stand up in any major city in the country.  I am glad that it is here in Nashville.  If you love food you owe it to yourself to make a trip and try to find a best "whatever" of your own.
<review# 390,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/22/2010,4/3/2011,2,23,6,4,5>If it were possible, and if it were socially acceptable, and if my body weren't flawed and human, I do not think I would have the chutzpah NOT to march myself up on to their icecream-stained porch, wrap my hand around the sticky doorknob, and power-walk up to the counter to ask for a sample of EVERY single flavor, every single day. See, the flavors change from time to time; why would I want to miss out?I am an ice cream purist and I have tried many of the chains, which are not necessarily bad, but leave a strange flavor in my mouth. The Pied Piper makes ice cream the way YOU would make it if you made ice cream...not skrimping on any of the good stuff, so that when you are finished with your ice cream the only lingering flavor is one reminiscient of childhood. So before you scoff in judgment at the hipsters going in to get ice cream with their hipster babies, put yourself in their shoes for a moment. Eating ice cream from the Pied Piper takes you out of the real world and into kid world...even if just for a few shining moments.
<review# 391,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/20/2014,9/21/2014,173,165,3,5,3>It's been over 2 years since my last visit to Margot's. We came here for brunch this past Sunday around noon and had a very short wait of 10 minutes. We sat in the screened in patio. It started to get pretty warm after an hour.We ordered the Bloody Mary with the cucumber infused vodka, sangria, steak and eggs and fried quail. Great:Bloody Mary $8- The Bloody Mary was fantastic and very well balanced! It was not overly salty, peppery or tomato-ey like most that I have had in Nashville. Additionally, it was garnished with a green olive and pickled green bean. I've never had a pickled green bean before and enjoyed it! Steak and Eggs $14 - Got the steak medium and eggs over easy. The steak was seasoned and cooked perfectly. The eggs had a nice crispy bottom and the yolks were runny and bright yellow. The fries were crispy and not greasy. Just wow!Fried Quail $10- The fried quail was fried and the meat was moist and tender. It was accompanied by a pickled watermelon and pepper salad. YUM... Okay:Sangria $8- I wasn't a fan of the sangria. I couldn't taste the wine... it was much more fruity and tasted more like grape juice.I can't wait to go back. :)
<review# 392,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/18/2014,9/20/2014,25,41,1,2,3>Having lived in the neighborhood since before Miel opened, my husband and I are horribly embarrassed that we hadn't visited Miel, so we took the opportunity to dine here on a Sunday night before heading to a concert. We made reservations for 5:30 to give ourselves plenty of time and were the first diners through the door that night. We were cordially welcomed and escorted to our seats.Our server got us a decanter for the wine we brought, and we ordered cocktails to enjoy while our wine breathed. My Negroni and my husband's Old Fashioned were very good, very large, and very strong. Nice to know that they don't skimp on the hard stuff.We started with the snail ravioli in a cream sauce and the sweetbreads, which came on an apple puree. Both dishes were divine. The ravioli encasing the snails was so thin it was nearly translucent. The apple puree brought out the sweetness of the sweetbreads while playing off the fried exterior.After lightheartedly arguing over who would order what, I claimed the pork shoulder, and my husband ordered the flank steak. Unfortunately, the pork shoulder was far, far too salty. My husband fared much better. The creamed kale accompanying his perfectly cooked medium rare steak was a twist on the steakhouse standard creamed spinach with the cream cutting any bitterness from the kale.Once again, we couldn't decide on a dessert to split, so we got two. I preferred the Meyer lemon tart, a thin slice of sweet/tart curd perched on a caramel sauce. My husband's profiteroles with dark chocolate sauce were just okay.The restaurant itself is the perfect size - not too large but with enough nooks and crannies that a variety of party sizes can be comfortable. We will not forget about Miel again!
<review# 393,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/27/2014,9/19/2014,91,274,1,4,5>As a Nashvillian, I am definitely a huge supporter of this awesome annual run here in Nashville.  It rings so many people from all of the country to run and see all the great things Nashville has to offer.  The course winds through downtown and the surrounding neighborhoods and features live bands (of course!) playing every few miles.  There are plenty of water stations to be had and lots of supporters cheering you on throughout the course.  This race brings great recognition and tourism to Nashville and features a post-race concert at Bridgestone and a huge finish-line party complete with beer.  My only complaint: hills....lots of hills.  If you are looking to challenge your marathon game bring it to Nashville, because our whole darn city is filled with inclines out the wazoo.  And as its always in April its most likely hot hot hot out with a chance of rain.  These are things to keep in mind for race day.  There is a 5k option if you want all the perks of the marathon without the distance.  And a huge running expo the Friday before that has plenty of freebies and good racing gear as well.  Overall the race makes for a great weekend in Nashville.  Alert to locals though, there are a lot of road closures, so keep this in mind when planning to get around that morning.  Its a challenging course but a lot of fun, and there are plenty of Broadway bars willing to get you a cold beer after the long race.
<review# 394,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/10/2014,9/18/2014,87,122,1,5,5>I REALLY love this place. I first stumbled upon it when I moved back to Nashville two years ago, but buying a house (and then a condo) and antique-hunting incessantly gave me a greater appreciation for the eclectic offerings--and the affordable prices--one can find at Pre to Post.I've bought everything from $40 vintage Wrangler boots to a $200 mid-century modern dresser to pink aviator sunglasses. You truly never know what you might unearth in this trove of treasures.But what I love more than the well-curated pieces that pepper the shop are the kind, personable sales associates who could not be more pleasant. And the owner herself is a true delight (ask her about all the country music stars who have filmed or done photo shoots in her home!). Seriously, they're all so accommodating (they let me leave a piece there a couple weeks after purchasing as I was in the middle of a big move), so helpful and not at all pushy, and I would buy everything from this store if possible.
<review# 395,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/5/2014,9/17/2014,44,230,1,7,4>We had a great first experience at Adele's, and dining with friends allowed us to try a lot on the menu. It left me wanting to come back for more. It has a more relaxed and rustic feel than Barbuto, Waxman's flagship restaurant in NYC. Located in a previous car garage, they've done a nice job with embracing the old garage doors, shabby chic whitewash brick and open air kitchen. For starters, we tried the deviled eggs and meatballs. Deviled eggs were just ok. There's something to be said for the traditional deviled egg and this one veered way off course and kind of missed the mark. Too herby for me. The meatballs, however, were pretty damn mind blowing. Perfection. Sitting on the most delectable bed of polenta. Winner here. Both our salads were awesome.The kale salad was one of the best ones I've had. It was lemony, nutty, parmesan-y. Everyone at the table enjoyed it. However, the raw shaved squash and zucchini salad was to die for. Simply one of the best salads in Nashville and an unexpected combo of mint and nuts. I will be back for this dish over and over again. Brilliant. The tempura catfish was good, but nothing earth shattering. I'd probably skip this one. Sadly, the pizzette was probably the most disappointing thing we tried. The crust was too thick for me. Too much spice and cheese half falling off. I really did not care for this take on a pizza app. My husband's burger was another winner. Huge, juicy burger with carmelized onions on a fresh, glossy focaccia. It was delicious all around. The two stand out dishes for me were the JW Chicken and JW potatoes. Not surprising as these are his standout dishes at Barbuto. I usually don't order chicken, but knew we all had to try it. It was the juiciest, crispy skinned flavorful chicken ever. Amazing.The JW potatoes were equally delicious, half baked, half fried, perfectly seasoned. Another must order.The skirt steak was just ok. I mean, it's skirt steak. The greens were hot as hell. Perhaps the Nashville hot chicken people will love this, but holy moly they were on fire. Wasn't my thing. We tried the brownie dessert which was a huge, moist, decadent and warm brownie with a generous scoop of homemade nut ice cream on top. It did not disappoint.One thing that annoyed my husband was how hot it was in there. The garage doors were opened which was pretty at dusk, but come on, this isn't summer in New York. It's hot and humid in Nashville. I'd open them back up in the fall and crank the A/C. While we only scratched the surface here, I think they are open to feedback and still working out kinks. There was much more on the menu I want to try. They had some gorgeous desserts sitting on the counter of the open kitchen along with a state of the art espresso machine. Our server was helpful and accommodating. We did a lot of talking, so we were the slow ones in ordering. He never rushed us. The space is nicely done and plenty of tables. I'm so glad to welcome a NYC chef to the Nashville scene. Adele's a great addition to music city!
<review# 396,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/3/2014,9/16/2014,123,108,1,6,5>I passed this place a number of times both going to and coming home from work before I finally gave it a try. After reading the reviews from my fellow Yelpers I was excited to try it out and it didn't disappoint! The family and I, (2 kids, 2 adults) stopped in for dinner one evening and have been back a number of times since. The kids' meals are a great option because the portion sizes are a bit smaller but still have the similar options to the adult menu. The kids can also get chicken nuggets or a burger if they like. They have your usual gyro plate options/combos, platters, side dishes and choices of salads; tabouleh, cucumber, regular Greek. We have had the gyros, the platters, and my Son tried a burger one visit as well, every thing we have tried was delicious. The hummus is flavorful and creamy, the chicken is quality and well seasoned. You definitely get a lot of food for your money, be prepared to take half of the dish home and get the dressing on the side so you can reheat later! The icing on the cake here is the personal service. The Owner takes the time to greet you, discuss the menu options and help you build your plate in a very patient way. Rather than rushing you through asking you what you want, he takes his time and is very personable and seems geniunely grateful for your business. The last time we visited our Son (3 years old) was asking for a candy out of the machines repeatedly as we attempted to leave, we had told him no because he had candy earlier that day, but the owner came up and asked if he could offer change to buy it for him. Such a nice person! This spot is one of our go-to places near the house and we really hope they continue to get rave reviews and are very successful here.
<review# 397,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/25/2014,9/15/2014,60,232,5,5,5>Well thank heavens.  I've been "saving" my 200th review for something Bicentennial-Worthy and this is definitely it!  Hubby and I are rarely home together during the week as we both business travel a lot.  This week we decided to finally check out one of the classic Nashville attractions, The Doyle & Debbie show at The Station Inn.  OK, the bar itself would get a 4 from me and I'm sure there are those who would trash it to pieces.  However, it is what it is and it's not pretending to be anything else ( much the same way as John A's over in Music Valley).  Bring cash, don't expect fancy drinks or an extensive menu of apps, get over yourself and have a good time.  The prints on the walls reflect some of the great talents that play or have played here.  I hope it never changes.Now, for the show.  I was excited to see it although I was kind of dreading a night of jokes that might take digs at some of my opinions that don't necessarily line up on the same side of the aisle as some folks around these parts.  I mean, I can hang...but it gets tiresome.  I had nothing to fear as it turns out.  This show is just flat out funny.  Oh my...the in your face humor/satire is great but it's the subtleties that really get you.  The uneasy smiles, fidgeting and general awkwardness are hysterical!  And the show...oh my...I don't want to give anything away but it's some of the best satire ever.  The kind that has you wondering if it really IS satire at all.  It's that good.  I'm going to drag every guest we have from out of town to The Station Inn for this show.  Go and have fun.
<review# 398,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/21/2014,9/14/2014,96,90,3,9,6>In a residential neighborhood not far from the bustle of 5 Points, The Post East is the newest coffee shop/smoothie/juice bar on the scene. The few steps off the beaten path make this place more of a neighborhood hang out rather than a hot-spot destination. There are only a handful of places like that on the East side any more, and The Post is a welcome addition.The inside of the shop is clean, with polished concrete floors and wood accents. The large windows let in a nice amount of natural light, adding a warm glow to the wood. There is a couch area and a good number of tables. I even peeped around and noticed a fair amount of plugs for those who plan on bringing a laptop. The atmosphere was relaxed and fairly quiet; the perfect place to have a conversation or knock out some work.For my coffee I went for one of the specialty drinks, a blueberry lavender latte. At first sip, I was impressed and obsessed. This was the most unique and delicious coffee concoction I've had in a long time. (I have a tendency to order the craziest coffee drink on the menu and I'm usually disappointed.) The blueberry flavor was prominent, but the lavender was meek. Personally I would add a tad bit more lavender, but nevertheless, this was awesome.For breakfast we ordered two of their already prepared foods. I don't know if they have the capability to cook fresh food like scrambled egg biscuits or the like, but if they do that would greatly enhance the breakfast offerings. I ordered the bullseye biscuit with peppers, spinach, fresh basil, feta and a whole egg on top. While this muffin looked beautiful, it was slightly underwhelming. The biscuit was was very dense and I couldn't find the feta. I must say that the biscuit dough was very well seasoned and had a nice flavor to it. And you know me, you can't really go wrong with a whole egg on top of anything. That golden yolk was the best part! Steve ordered the quiche of the day, which contained spinach, tomato, and a few others. The egg was light and very fluffy, but the overall flavor was bland and could use a bit more salt.While the savory items might have not been the best in the world, the sweets at The Post were delicious. After looking at the case of beautifully prepared treats, we had to order something. We chose the lemon ricotta muffin and it was light and fluffy and gently broke into pieces because of all the little air bubbles inside. It had a strong fresh lemon flavor and the icing was nice and sweet. In addition, I came back another day and was able to try their chocolate babka, and was very impressed with that as well!The Post is also a juice bar, so I had to sample some. Since I'm not really a fan of beet juice I asked for a recommendation of something with beet that would help me like it. I went with the Feel the Love which has beet, grape, strawberry, bell pepper and rainbow chard. While this drink still tasted like beets to me, it was more drinkable than any other beet juice I had tried up until this point. The grape and strawberry adds a much-needed sweetness to the earthy beet. But at over $5 a bottle, this juice is a bank breaker. Perhaps I would order it more often it was a tad bit easier on the wallet.I have to say that the staff of The Post is the best part of the experience. On both of my visits everyone was very friendly! I was able to talk, ask questions and get recommendations. It is the staff that really made my experience special.Overall, I really like The Post East and I'm happy they are in the neighborhood. Their coffee is delicious, their sweets are great and the space is beautiful. But the best part is the staff! If you are on the East side go a few minutes out of your way to grab a juice or coffee at The Post.
<review# 399,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/20/2014,9/13/2014,34,55,3,6,4>First of all, there's nothing more exciting to me than the promise of down-home southern food from a place named after the owner. I mean really, doesn't a place called "Big Al's" just immediately get you thinking about fried chicken made from a secret family recipe? The appeal of an old fashioned restaurant namesake is certainly no marketing ploy here, though. When you step inside this aged wonder, Al cooks your food, Al serves your food, Al tells you stories, Al sets out the table you sit at, and Al calls you by name and thanks you as you leave. It's immediately and abundantly clear that this man loves cooking a lot, loves people more, and loves cooking for people most. But I'll step away from the personal side and get to the food. I was prepared to be unimpressed. I was prepared to be let down. I was prepared for a plate of lukewarm, generic, uninspired southern food. Oh man was I wrong. The care, time, and energy that Al puts into serving his patrons is only amplified in his cooking. The flavors were bold, unusual, and simply delightful. It was somehow a magical combination of both eating your favorite comfort foods and trying something new, all at once. The Chipotle Raspberry Chicken would fit perfectly as a $32 house specialty at Husk or Southern Steak and Oyster. No disrespect to either of those fine establishments, I'm simply trying to drive home how good the food was. Top notch southern eatin'. Simply top notch.
<review# 400,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/13/2014,9/12/2014,500,733,1,9,4>Definitely a fan!They now serve DIM SUM as of two days ago!!! So happy!  Everything is made from scratch and very authentic.  I was a bit suspicious of "authentic chinese" in the heart of Middle Tennessee, but it definitely is.  The chef comes from my home city Philadelphia and was the chef at Han Dynasty in University City!  It doesn't get more legit than that!Aside from offering dim sum and bubble tea, I have to say that their steamed sea bass in ginger and scallions is AMAZING!!! Its a must!  I really like this place a lot!  And Jack, the owner is so nice!  He also owns Chinatown in Green Hills.  He definitely knows what he's doing and yet is very receptive to input and ideas.  Great guy!Pros:- Dim sum (the full menu 11-3 on weekends + limited menu on weekdays)- Dim sum during the weekends is served in the carts like in Chinatowns- Offers Bubble tea- Nice environment to eat and socialize- Plenty of parkingFavorites:- Steamed sea bass with ginger and scallions - PERFECT!- Dim sum- Cheung fun- rice noodle rolls with meat - yummmm!!!- Dim sum- spare ribs in black bean sauce- AMAZING!!Ideas for improvement:- Offer thai tea or other flavors for the bubble tea- the juice buns could be juicier- the sui mai is best with pork and beef- Steamed BBQ pork buns were good (could use more meat and sugar or something)- Instead of just oolong, also offer chrysanthemum tea.I am soooo happy that Nashville finally has an authentic chinese restaurant and its also the only restaurant in Middle Tennessee that offers dim sum.  Love it!!- List of things I want to get here- meat wrapped with bean curd or just bean curd rolls (dim sum), sautéed Snow pea leaves with garlic, milk bubble tea, pan friend dumplings, fried spring rolls, korean short ribs, baked bbq pork buns, sticky rice in wrap, stuffed egg plant... so much too eat!!
<review# 401,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,4/16/2013,8/4/2013,9,41,3,4,3>After a few months of operation, BLVD seems to be still finding its footing as a restaurant.  I had my second visit last night and our waitress was charming and all but her response to most questions was "I don't know, I'm new here."  Apparently, previous food service experience is not among their top hiring stats.We did have a different employee (bartender?) stop by our table and deliver a speech about the country of origin of the cherry in my date's whiskey sour.  I'm into that kind of thing, so that was cool. He also told us that regular maraschino cherry dye is made from cockroaches, which is not true. That dye is made from tasty, tasty petroleum. Good things:Yes, please I will gladly pay $5 for a beer and $6 for pesto fries or truffle fries (which were both AMAZING) but not for habanero fries which were that annoying kind of spicy where all you taste is pain.  The smoked vinegar and aioli condiments also rocked it.I recommend both the mac n cheese and fondue bowl though they were basically the same thing. In one the carbs are built in (mac) and the other you add them in yourself. This is not an indictment of either, but I wouldn't order both in the same meal. Neutral: I wasn't a fan of the Brussels sprouts at Cha Chas (same owner, same location) and the ones here are just okay. Maybe it's better when they are in season. Anyone know when Brussels sprout season is?Finally, the waffle/pretzel bread basket is tasty and actually very filling. One reason I have never ordered an entree here is I am already in a carb coma by the time I get my drink.  That does not make good business sense to me, but it's pretty great.
<review# 402,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/28/2013,8/2/2013,131,201,2,14,10>Two words: SAVED MY LIFE! I was nearly dying at Ben Taub Hospital in Houston a room with three other patients while they figured out what was wrong with me: three very sick people with all sorts of guests coming and while, while I was immuno-compromised. Say WHAT? The day they diagnosed me with stage 4A Hodgekin Lymphoma with 50/50 chance of cure vs. Survival rate, they gave me my first chemo treatment the next day. I had my bags packed in the morning. Now I couldn't afford Memorial Hermann there or John Hopkins up north, but I have family in Nashville so I packed my bags and flew over. Went straight to the E.R, they asked no questions, put me straight in a clean room on a mylo-suppression ward with such incredible precautionary measures I was amazed. Paperwork, payments, everything got done at no cost to me thanks to thier indigent charity programs and they didn't miss a beat in my chemo treatments from day one. Had all my records transferred and biopsy samples and did thier own testing. Discovered I was a stage 3A NOT 4A and gave me 85/15 cure vs. Survival rate. That was another game changer. Needless to say in five months I have been admitted in the E.R six times. They assigned an infectious disease team, general medicine and my hemotology team all working together to fix me. Out of those six times, five times I was literally HOURS AWAY from imminent death and they pulled me out. After today I only have two more rounds of chemo so in a month I will be free, with a new healthy life by Gods will and I have a lot to thank Vanderbilt for. It is such a terrific institution u guys and the way they have always treated me brings tears to my eyes. I was a 28 year old man 3 feet into the ground heading even further down and they just pulled me out, dusted me off and gave me hope along with a (hopefully) New life.
<review# 403,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/9/2013,8/1/2013,107,182,,5,3>This morning, I broke my glass pipe. My tried and true companion for a long time. I was devastated but decided to adopt a new one. I needed a new pipe to bond with. I was very pleased with the selection and prices at Smoke Token. Walking in, the shop is clean with white floors. It is lined with glass cases that contain a good selection of glass hand pipes, water pipes, vaporizers, grinders, and other odds and ends for your smoking needs. There is a decent selection on hand pipes, though they really could use a better selection of locally made pieces and the high end small pieces. I wanted a thick glass piece to replace my old tripple blown pipe. I got a nice piece for $20.75. It was a good price for the quality. After my first initiation, it is not a perfect piece, but it is nice. They have a good selection of small glass hand pipes for $5-$20.I was impressed with the vape selaction as well. They cary all the major vapes. they have a great selecsion of pocket vapes. I saw the Atmos raw (wich is sweet), the Magic Flight Launch Box (which I own but is less expensive on amazon), and the best one of all: the Pax (ploom.com/pax). They are all great pieces. They also carry Volcanos and other lower end box vapes. I didn't get too deep into the selection, but I did not see dabbing supplies. I will update this on my next trip (which will be soon). I need to bring in an old water pipe to see if they have a matching glass on glass downstem. They also carry a bunch of e-cig supplies to help with quitting the nasty tobacco habit.There is not a huge selection of places in Nashville to buy glass. This place is pretty good though, with reasonable prices too.
<review# 404,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/5/2013,7/31/2013,6,57,2,2,2>I am not a big pizza person, but when I am, I choose Dolce Vita Pizza. The pizza is always fresh and made to order. The staff there is always polite and can make some unique suggestions to make your pizza more delicious. Delivery is always quick too. I have picked up a few times, and there is a sign inside that says, "Our service is good, fast and cheap...you can pick two." I highly recommend Dolce Vita Pizza for a true pizza experience.
<review# 405,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/8/2013,7/30/2013,42,124,2,5,4>I had pizza the night before and knew I wouldn't want more but when I got there and saw the options, I had the Sicilian, stood in line again for pepperoni, and brought the chicken parm home for dinner. Ridiculous. I will be back for the food and to see the magical way Joeys daughter handles the pizza orders. I swear she has 5 arms and hands and wheels our wings in her shoes. She moves incredibly fast and yet she gives personal attention to each order. Watching her is an experience.  I still can't believe I stood in line twice.
<review# 406,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/8/2013,7/29/2013,42,90,6,7,4>The hubs surprised me with a reservation to this new Nashville hot spot for my thirtieth birthday. This Charleston original opened it's doors in the Rutledge Hill area of Nashville in May (I believe). The earliest he could get a reservation was 8:45 on a Monday night. No biggie, put the kid to bed and then left him at home to sleep and took a monitor with us. (Of course I'm kidding. We left a friend there to make sure he didn't walk out.) We were there on time, but had to wait about 5-10 minutes for them to clear our table. We weren't upset about it... we were too giddy about being on a real live DATE. Our waitress was EXCELLENT and was more than happy to answer all of my husband's questions about the menu.We settled on the fried green tomatoes with homemade pimento cheese spread for an appetizer. We were sad when we each took our last bites. I had to say "pardon?" when a waiter dropped off the bread and announced the butter ...pork lard butter. Yes. Seconds, please! Oh, and we both ordered fancy drinks. I think I stuck with my usual amaretto sour and I think my husband went high maintenance and had them whip up sangria.My husband decided he could not get anything but the shrimp and grits and I ordered the roasted chicken with dumplings. The shrimp and grits took my husband back to his childhood. He said the grits were absolutely perfect and mealy tasting. The spices were a perfect blend as well. I wasn't expecting an ENTIRE half of a chicken as my meal, but it was divine. It was probably the most tender chicken I've ever tasted. The dumplings were served in a separate dish with kale and they looked like little gnocchi.  They melted in my mouth. Needless to say we were both satisfied with our choices.We decided to go ahead and live it up and order dessert. I honestly forget what we ordered, but it was something like buttermilk pie with some fruit. It was delicious and that's all I remember. This was a once in a blue moon type of expenditure for us, but we feel it was money well spent. We look forward to the next reason to celebrate by eating!
<review# 407,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/10/2013,7/28/2013,111,543,2,9,4>Recently a tenant of mine decided to stop paying rent, ignore phone calls, etc. You know the whole deal right before my baby was due. Added to that stress getting half-sized by my employers due to mass budget cuts and we had some fun financial holes which I couldn't see the exit of and a tenant taking money from me and my baby as she wouldn't leave and avoided me like the plague.Short of it is I was financially stressed, working multiple jobs, needed some legal help removing a tenant and got it with most of my communication with Bryan on the phone, via text message, and emails.With my schedule I can't emphasize how useful it was to not have to schedule a time to drive somewhere to have a two minute conversation that could be done via email (or text).I'd recommend him for most landlord/tenant things, and I'm pretty sure he's helped a couple of my friends for things they wouldn't want me mentioning here, but those are stories I'm not entirely privy to.I won the case, and while Bryan had told me there was no doubt I would, it still was a scary (to me anyway,) process he walked me through.Your mileage may vary
<review# 408,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/30/2013,7/27/2013,31,82,,4,2>I love this post office. Sure it's hard to get a parking spot and the Priority envelopes are all jumbled everywhere, but it's my neighborhood post office. The postal workers are so nice, even my mail guy! They are truly the nicest, not grouchy postal employees I've ever encountered. The self service priority machine has never been broken, so that's a plus.
<review# 409,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/23/2013,7/26/2013,79,29,8,7,8>Oh, y'all, I can't even....I had been dying to try this place for a few years now, and finally made the plunge about a week ago. I can't even begin to explain how imperative it is for you to pay this place a visit if you enjoy making dinner into a full-blown experience. I won't go into detail about reservations/seating/etc. since that has already been said about twenty times thus far, but I very highly suggest it.It's not every day that you find food of this calibur (also, selected this carefully) and an atmosphere that is so welcoming, casual, and non-pretentious. I will be visiting again as soon as my bank account gives me the opportunity.
<review# 410,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/28/2013,7/25/2013,91,274,,9,5>I face the Yelper's conundrum.  You find an amazing place and you want to sing about it to the whole world, but then you become worried that you will be waiting a long time for a table.  You want to give amazing places all the best accolades and heap the masses upon them so that they remain successful, but you selfishly like that you can walk in and sit down without waiting and it's still kind of quiet.  This is how I feel about the Garden Café.  First of all, Nashville, you lack places with great breakfasts.  You are starting to come around, but as a northerner sometimes you don't want brunch, you want breakfast.  Maybe it's dressed up, maybe it's not, but sometimes you just want a good morning meal.  And Garden, you are the new love of my breakfast loving life.  First of all you're freaking adorable on the inside, all cute artwork and intimate living-room-like feel.  And the service...from the moment you walk in the door, just perfect.  Smiling, attentive, helpful people all around.  I've seen a lot of people comment on slow service, and I'll be honest in saying I don't mind slow, so long as you're attentive.  The servers were honest in saying "I apologize for the wait" or "Can I get you something while you wait?"  I appreciate that!They have carafes of mimosas for $20 which is worth it and their French press coffee will cure your exhaustion quickly.  And their food was incredible.  I had their spinach omelet and it both looked and tasted like they'd wrapped an entire garden up in eggs and put it on my plate.  Roasted potatoes that were delicious without being fried into oblivion provided a nice side to me wonderful breakfast.  The Garden Café is only open Friday-Sunday from 9am-2pm.  Keep this is mind when planning your visit.  It really is a wonderful place, and a big thank you to the staff that provided such a stellar experience.
<review# 411,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/9/2011,11/3/2011,156,282,,5,3>I am delighted to be writing such a positive review for Wild Wasabi.  I visited their lunch buffet this week, and was very pleased with the tastes, scents, and quality that all came with the buffet.  I could have just been mostly relieved to find a quality sushi buffet in downtown Nash!  There's a well-known sushi lunch buffet in town that unfortunately has the common reputation for not being that great (I have written a review on Yelp for this other restaurant in the past. Of course, I won't name any names, but it does rhyme with "Tucson").The variety of rolls on the buffet was extensive, and there were a few pretty nigiri options as well.  One thing I was very keen on - the size of each piece of sushi.  Sushi is SUPPOSED to be bite-size, and the pieces at Wild Wasabi's lunch buffet WERE.  I have no doubt you, the person reading my review, have come across many a piece of sushi that was so large you had to eat it in multiple pieces!  Some rolls on the buffet were still stocked full of "stuff", yet wrapped up into a satisfying bite-size piece.  I didn't get to take advantage of the to-order hibachi grill, but I did try the hot items on the buffet.  They were quite good as well - tempura, a red chili chicken dish (which wasn't that spicy at all), a lo-mein thing, fried rice, egg rolls, the fried "donut" dough for dessert.  Ya know, some out of ordinary things with some more mundane selections.  I look forward to coming back for the lunch buffet, and I'd love to try out their dinner.  I'm certainly holding Wild Wasabi in high regards. I've read other reviews about the being-charged-for-sushi-uneaten policy.  Hmmm.. I did not run into that problem.  I don't know if it was because I didn't pick up the bill, or because I didn't leave anything on my plate...
<review# 412,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/12/2011,11/2/2011,31,17,6,13,7>I have been to this Nail Spa several times due to the fact that my sister loves this place. It is perfect for a day of shopping at Green Hills then relaxing with a fresh mani & pedi.I went again on Saturday around 3pm. The place was very busy but they were about to sit my group of 3 together for our pedicure. I was very impressed by the fact that they positioned us together so we could chat during our services. The wait wasn't long at all. I love that they have a wide variety of OPI nail polishes. I ended up getting the basic Spa Manicure and Pedicure which is an inexpensive $40. The ladies greet you as soon as you are in the spa chair. They ask you if you would like wine or water to drink. As a person that enjoys her cocktails... this was a huge plus!! I would choose a spot that offers wine over a place that doesn't any day. The women quickly gets to work so that you are not sitting idle at any time. The ladies were very pleasant and didn't constantly speak in their native language (the Seinfeld episode with Elaine- lol) They choose to do the pedi first and then the mani so that your toes can dry while your nails are being done. The whole process was nice. I have no complaints. The place even offers free wifi... I am looking forward to going back again.
<review# 413,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/27/2010,11/1/2011,42,90,3,5,2>I love Bobbie's Dairy Dip and almost wish that it didn't close for the colder months.  Couldn't the employees just wear long johns and sweaters, and the customers could huddle around outdoor heaters? ha!  Only kidding of course.  (Or am I?)  Friends of mine used to live within walking distance to this amazing establishment and we frequented more frequently then.  However, I am sad to say I live waaay on the other side of town now and my hips are probably thanking me for it!I digress...  I have never been disappointed by Bobbie's, save for the random closing hours when it starts getting cooler.  Let's just say there have been at least two occasions when a group has ventured over only to find out they closed two hours early.  Sigh.  I LOVE the veggie burger with just about everything you could imagine being on a veggie burger and the sweet potato fries!  Whew!  That was a GOOD day.  I also dig the James Brown milkshake!  Coffee and chai were meant to be together.  The menu is extensive and there are PLENTY of choices for the choosy.  The service is always great and the employees are friendly and peppy.  I love the atmosphere and the music is always fun.You definitely need to make a trip to Bobbie's before they close for the season!  Apparently it's around Thanksgiving every year.
<review# 414,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/5/2011,10/31/2011,15,63,4,5,4>Jazz. It is a wonderful thing. Not everyone gets it, but that's fine. You need a certain appreciation for the extra effort put into it's musical styling. For everyone else there's country music.F Scott's is the culinary equivalent of Jazz. Squash Blossoms, stuffed with Duck Confit, Wild Boar Spare Ribs, Watermelon Chow Chow Relish. Notes you close your eyes to and just feel. If you don't want to "feel" your food because "it's just fuel", then find the country music version of dinner. Like an O'Charley's.It all comes at a steep price, but this level of service and execution on the food does not come at $10 a plate. Jazz isn't written for the masses. Burger King is.Despite the limited appreciation for jazz, reservations at F Scott's are a good idea. Located next to the Green Hills Mall, it does get a good flow of date-night traffic.Mind you, I don't have anything against country music. I don't frown upon it's listeners. Nor do I disrespect the nationwide chain restaurants. They appeal to the masses for a reason. But in the end, It is unlikely that you will ever proclaim some country song as "innovative" or a meal at Burger King the "best thing you ever experienced in Nashville."Those phrases are reserved for a night at F Scott's.
<review# 415,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/30/2011,10/30/2011,13,22,5,9,7>Most people know one thing about Pancake Pantry: There's always a line. This is almost true. If you go there on the weekend between the hours of 9:30 a.m. and 1:30 p.m., there will be a long line snaking down Hillsboro, filled primarily with tourists and hungover Vandy/Belmont students.Is it worth the wait? Some say yes, I say... be deliberate about your timing. If you are willing to sacrifice normal brunching hours, you can enjoy the best pancakes in Music City without having to wait in line. Either go at 7 or 8 a.m., or get there at 2:30 or 3 in the afternoon (my personal preference - hey, that's what Sundays are for). The problem with going early is that by the time you leave, there is guaranteed to be a line, thus it feels like you're rushed. If you go late (more like 3:30 when they close at 4), then you feel guilty about keeping the waitstaff there. But I still think it's worth it not to wait in line. In fact, I refuse to wait in line, and even with a pancake-obsessed boyfriend, if we see a line, it's not like there's only one spot serving breakfast food in Hillsboro Village - we'll just go to Jackson's or Bosco's, both have delicious brunches themselves.Now, brunch usually requires mimosas or bloody marys to be decadent enough to be considered "brunch" and not "breakfast" - but I'm giving Pancake Pantry a pass on this one. Their menu of light, fluffy, delicious pancakes goes to such great heights that I consider it an indulgence even without the booze. Sure, their coffee is diner-quality, but in an age of local/pricy Bongo Java and Drew's Brews, it's kind of welcome that they haven't changed with the times. (I'm pretty sure some of their servers have been working there since it opened 50 years ago.) Plus, this place is all about the pancakes. And the giant slab of butter on every plate rivals that of the pancake scene in Uncle Buck.The first rule of Pancake Pantry is to make sure someone at your table orders one of the pancake varieties that comes with cinnamon cream syrup. This is the sugary equivalent of crack, or so I imagine, and I could eat it with a spoon. Usually I order the sugar and spice pancakes, which are cinnamon pancakes sprinkled with powdered sugar, but the crack syrup also comes with sweet potato pancakes (my alternate) or the French toast (but who orders French toast at the Pancake Pantry?).If you're allergic to cinnamon or want something a little different, they have a number of fruity options (not to be confused with IHOP's Rooty Tooty Fresh 'n Fruity), including Caribbean, peach, blueberry, raspberry, orange/walnut and even Swedish pancakes with lingonberry. The buckwheat or cornmeal pancakes are good for the illusion of being more nutritious, but I rarely ever stray from one of the options that comes with the real thing.Not to say that their other menu items aren't worth trying. I always get the hashbrowns, which are the cubed-and-crispy variety - one $3 order is enough to feed two or three people. They also have bacon, country ham, eggs, etc., and a lot of the egg dishes come with a side of their classic pancakes, so you can't go wrong there.The last thing to note about Pancake Pantry is that you almost always see a local celebrity gorging on pancakes at the table next to you. I'm horrible at recognizing country stars, but we've seen a Wooten brother or two several times, along with a few Titans players with their families. It's always good to know that no matter who you are, there's nothing like a $7 butter-laden, syrup-smothered pancake meal from the Pancake Pantry.
<review# 416,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/19/2011,10/29/2011,47,141,4,6,5>I write this review as I crave Monell's meatloaf. This says a lot, considering I never ate meatloaf after traumatized by my school cafeteria at a young age. Am I the only one who feared Meatloaf Thursdays growing up? With that being said, the food at Monell's overall was hands down delicious. From the corn pudding to the skillet fried chicken, I had to try every bit of the dishes on our table. While everything we ate was a piece of Southern gooey goodness, be prepared for a food coma afterwards. The food is heavy, but I was a willing participant. I also loved the unique set up of the restaurant. You literally sit at a big dinner table. You may not know the person sitting next to you from Adam, but get to know them... because you'll likely have to ask them to pass you the macaroni and cheese!The staff is super friendly, and for me... "all you can eat" has reached a whole new level.
<review# 417,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/3/2011,10/28/2011,26,67,,6,4>Studio Green put a notice on our local listserv about a facial special, and i immediately made an appointment. i arrived to find a beautiful sleek and bright location with a friendly welcome. i had booked a facial with ginger, and she was running right on time. they use all organic products, and the facial room was comfortable and private. ginger was fantastic, skilled and knowledgeable and also easy to talk with and just plain awesome in her work (and i've had a lot of facials in a lot of places over the years). the organic products were great, they smelled good and worked even better.. ginger said what she used on me was european, where the standards for organic are even higher than here. lip wax was only ten bucks, and they're going to be adding organic lash and brow tints, too. so if you're in the neighborhood, or even if you're not, check 'em out. i'll most definitely make this a part of my routine.
<review# 418,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/19/2011,10/27/2011,42,86,6,3,3>Let me just say that this is a last stop on the party train that is lower Broadway. And as the last stop, it will absolutely be the most fun you've had in a long time, regardless if you were just there last weekend. I don't think I've ever showed up before midnight, but the cover is absolutely worth it. Some nights they have an 80's hair band playing Bon Jovi and Journey covers like you wouldn't believe on the first floor, while the second floor is reserved for drunken dancing. While it's not a huge dance floor, it packs a punch. Stripper poles, fog machines, strobe lights and a DJ booth? Yes, please.Like the name suggests, they only play songs from the 70's, 80's and 90's.  I requested "California Love" by Tupac and was instantly transported to my more formative years of dancing around like an idiot.If you're a) not drunk and b) not a fan of strangers dancing up on you while intoxicated, this may not be the place for you. All you other freaks will have a blast.
<review# 419,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/29/2010,10/26/2011,111,543,4,4,4>Did I ever tell you about that time I was at the Copper Kettle and brunched with Nicole Kidman?  Ok, not with her, but next to her and I had to be told who it was because I don't keep up with such things.  Or perhaps that time I was there and a fairly famous country star of ill repute made 3 trips to the carving station?  Or that time... wait, nevermind, this isn't about all the famous people who go there, it's about there.There are some problems with this place - it's a little too small to accommodate a rush, which it gets whenever you're thinking of going there for a friend's birthday, but that does not detract from the overall charm of the placeCopper Kettle taught me to love pastries again, and to watch my head in the buffet line as it seems to bump into things.I don't think I would change anything there, except to perhaps add a sign for people who have not been there before informing them that they can park around back and not stop traffic waiting while vulturing some people for their spot.Being a veggie I can't really comment on their meats, but by my compatriots exclamations I have to assume they are fine.I will say this - value for the buck is probably dead on if you're a meatie, it's a bit lower if you're a veggie, I really like this place usually (been once where I was like meh, but mostly like it)
<review# 420,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/3/2011,10/25/2011,194,461,3,6,5>Thank you NHA for bringing Roxie Bagels into our life!  Roxie Bagels, daughter of NJ mobster Tony Bagels, is one tough cat!  She has a clubbed foot, I'm guessing it stems from an altercation back up north.No but really, my boyfriend brought me to the NHA to cheer me up.  The NHA was clean, friendly, and had a pet for everyone.  I especially like that it is a no-kill shelter.  So I made it out of the cat room, it was tough, I wanted to adopt like 4 of the cats.  Then I headed over to the dog room and they had puppies!!!  Awww.....on my way out of the dog room I found my boyfriend upfront in the first room when you walk in.  Inside was Roxie, cat of the week.  She was up on his lap and rubbing her head into his arm.  She was adorable.  We left that Saturday and I could not stop thinking about her.  So cute!!  The next day I submitted an application.  She had been in the shelter for months and I knew we were the right home for her.  I was able to pick her up the following weekend, thankfully no one adopted her that week.  They gave me all of her paperwork in a nice neat packet with some really informative reading material.  It took a few days for her to acclimate but now she's part of the family.  She plays hard and we love that!!  She naps on her window seat and even sleeps with us most nights.  What I love even more is that the NHA called a week later to follow up.  They have a great rapport with their customers and I would absolutely adopt from them again.
<review# 421,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/10/2013,4/23/2013,44,207,1,6,4>Had the best time!  Somehow this place has managed to maintain a retro vibe without being overly dingy and rundown.  I really loved the rolling walkers to help little ones learn to skate.
<review# 422,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/12/2013,4/22/2013,48,60,2,2,2>I'm sad Village is so far from my home...but I guess that's a good thing. Last night was my first time there and, as luck would have it, it was Mule Monday! I had never had a Mule before, and I was so glad I tried it. Also...those pretzels!! So delicious, warm and fluffy and perfectly salted! I guess that's another reason to be ok with the distance  between my apartment and Village. I will definitely visit Village again when I'm on the East Side!
<review# 423,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/11/2013,4/21/2013,48,118,3,3,2>Delicious down home downtown delightOne of the best breakfast spots I've visited downtown. The space has a real wood and antique retro country store vibe that seems authentic not cheesy. The vittles were mighty fine, mighty fine indeed. Now keep it straight  in yo cityfied head this here is down home cookin, nary a drop of hollandaise to be found but fill ya up good eatin.  The omelette was slap yo momma good but the hash browns were a tad on the greasy side. But.. It is down home.Y'all come!
<review# 424,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/16/2012,4/20/2013,98,278,2,4,5>I've never wanted yelp to have a rating higher than five stars in my 105 previous reviews, but after last night - I wish there was a way.If you have never been, you need to go call NOW to make your reservation, because it will be months before you can get in, and you're just going to be that much further behind if you wait until you read this.  Go on, I'm serious.  Call NOW.  I'll wait.OK, now that you're back. I don't think I have ever enjoyed a dinner more, I don't think I've ever eaten as much in one "meal" before, never been at a table for so long, and I have never consumed an entire bottle of wine by myself, either.  The Mangia event lasted four hours last night, and just kept getting more and more fun.To the yelpers that said they thought you had to have a large group - no, you don't.  If you are a party of two or possibly even four, you will be seated with other nice people to enjoy the family style feast, and we left with two new friends in Franklin trading business cards and stories.  Most of the other yelp reviews talk about a $5 corkage fee, that is now $15 just so noone is unpleasantly surprised, because you don't want anything to spoil your night with Chef Nick and family.  OK, boring updates/corrections done.Everything we ate from the five extended courses was really good - some things I absolutely, positively loved.  Parmesean cups with squash, olives, and sundried tomatoes - as delicious as you are thinking.  And a chef that thinks to stuff green olives with fresh mozzarella and then fry it, mozarella that he made just an hour before the 6 PM Mangia start time - fabulous.  Probably the best Cesar salad I've ever had, definitely the best croutons.  Butternut squash gnocchi with brown butter sage and toasted pecans - OMG my stomach was hurting, but I savored every bite.  (This is the second time in a month weve had a pasta type dish with a brown butter and sage sauce - must learn to do that at home!).  The rosemary lemon chicken was the best roasted-type chicken I've ever had - and not overly lemony at all like you might fear.  Shrimp Saltimboca was absolutely delicious, really absolutely perfect.They even roasted zucchini with one of the courses, for pete's sake, I can't remember where, that was accented with tarragon.  Yes, tarragon on zucchini squash... and OMG, it was delicious.What I especially loved, though, isn't even the food (although I did), but the energy of the servers and the kitchen staff, and how it was apparent at every moment that they ALL loved their jobs, and Mangia is truly a celebration, complete with singing, dancing, clapping, and all other sorts of audience participation.  The servers will give you helpful tips like go light on the bread and pace yourself - you'll do well to listen.  It is LOUD, so if you are planning a get together with friends you haven't seen in a while and you want to catch up, this isn't it.  But if you are planning a get together with friends and you can catch up before or after, then this is "the adult Chuck E. Cheese" as Chef Nick said during his "family celebration" time.If you have told me earlier that I would mambo around Cool Cafe with strangers, I would've said you don't know me very well.  But mambo I did, along with most every other woman in the approximately 90 in attendance (the men were conspiculously observing... hmmm) - but I'm sorry, when a mirror ball starts spinning and ligts going and the Chef is on percussion in the kitchen with spoons... come on, you've just got to join in.  (Our server called it the "digestion dance," and so appropriate!)Canolis for dessert were the perfect size, and they even send you home with a bag of doughnuts (a la beignet style) that our server are even more delicious the next morning with your coffee.  She was right about that, too.
<review# 425,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/27/2012,4/19/2013,65,66,4,1,1>This is one of my preferred hiking spots in the city. I know there are several trails (supposedly one has a waterfall? And one is a horse trail) but I usually stick to the Warner Woods trail myself, which winds through the woods and back out again in a nice 2.5 mile loop. You can also walk on the roads if you prefer, just watch for the cars. In the fall the place is simply gorgeous, the trees are alive with color. Once they fall the scenery is so different, it feels like an entirely different place. In the spring it's lush and green, and feels like Ferngully - I even ran through this trail during a storm once and managed to not get too wet, shielded by the canopy of trees! Also the view from the top of the stairs is stunning. This really is a beautiful place. I've run into people setting up for weddings here, filming music videos, and taking family pictures. I am also aware that they have filmed scenes for Nashville here.The only downside I can think of to the Warner Woods trail is that if it rains, it gets extremely muddy in some places, and in the fall, coupled with the leaves, it can be pretty slick, so be careful! Also, don't lose your keys here - you will never, ever find them!
<review# 426,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/2/2013,4/16/2013,6,57,,7,3>After months of searching for a middle eastern bakery in Nashville, I recently discovered Basmah. I consider this the treasure on Nolensville Pk. They have my favorite dessert, Kanafeh, both cheese and pistachio. Absolutely delicious. The owner is very friendly and allowed me to sample the items before I purchased anything. If you are in need of a middle eastern sweet treat, I highly recommend a stop by Basmah.
<review# 427,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/15/2013,4/15/2013,51,215,,6,3>Yay for more restaurants in Sylvan Park!  This place is a great addition.  It is right next door to Cafe Nonna (the more upscale Italian cuisine restaurant run by the same owners) but is a bit more casual and focuses on pizza.  The service is very friendly, the atmosphere is laid back (we brought our 2-year-old) and the food is delicious.  We had the Tuscan BBQ Chicken Pizza and the Goomba Pizza (with pepperoni and sausage) and though both were good, the Tuscan BBQ was AMAZING.  We also had a flatbread with dipping sauce appetizer that was very good.  Happy to recomend this place and happy to make many a trip back.P.S. This is my new thing -- but yay for not having a TV in the restaurant!  Makes for a more relaxing atmosphere.
<review# 428,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/15/2013,4/14/2013,108,86,5,14,8>Visiting this place 6 days after opening and on night #1 of bar service, I'll give The Row major kudos. You would never be able to tell this place was brand new. And I mean that as a compliment... as in, the service was like a well-oiled machine. Allison was our server and always made sure we were never thirsty, never hungry, and on top of that, made excellent recommendations.To start, we couldn't resist the Pickle Flyte (1 for $4, 4 for $13): Crazy Carrots, Pickled Pipers, Bread & Butters, and Sour Dills. For our main entrees, I went with the veggie plate (choice of 4 sides for $13) while my date ordered the catfish ($14). LEGIT. If we're speaking sides, between us we can both recommend the Bourbon Sweet Potatoes, Braised Local Greens and Cheese Grits. (I had the Smashed Potatoes, too... good, but not enough to repeat.)I selfishly deducted one star because their delicious cocktail menu taunted me when only beer and wine was available. Not that we could blame them on the bar's first night. /shrugOur full tummies and empty wallets wouldn't let us try the flyte of dessert this time around, but let's be honest... we'll be back.
<review# 429,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/8/2013,4/13/2013,29,82,,4,2>We're new in town and had the Tin Angel suggested to us by several friends as a restaurant to try.  We're glad we did.The Best:  Those crab cakes!!  We had them for an appetizer.  They are small, but they are mighty.  The Good: It's a cozy, warm atmosphere with an open (but not smoky!) fireplace in the front of the restaurant, lots of exposed brick and twinkling white string lights.  Tables aren't right on top of each other either, which I appreciate.The Bad: Maybe it's because it's so close to Vandy, but all of the servers seemed at best apathetic.  Our main server was nice and got everyone's meal right but it took him a while to get to us.  Everyone else who came by to fill our glasses seemed kind of put off that we were there.  The Ugly: The parking.  There was no valet (maybe that's only on weekends? We went on a Wednesday night).  So we parked behind the fitness store next door.  Apparently, they don't mind, but it's never a good feeling to leave your car in a lot with huge tow-away signs everywhere.  Thankfully, it was still there when we got out.Our dinner was good: the fried Flounder was fresh and served with a stuffed yellow tomato and collard greens- a definite upgrade from your average pedestrian side veggies.  And the Shrimp and Garden was very tasty but could have used more shrimp.
<review# 430,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,3/13/2013,4/12/2013,75,499,2,6,2>BNA is a good, medium-sized airport.  I've used it twice a week for six years, give or take.  Here's my summary:THE GOOD:- It's pretty well laid out.  Ticketing is on the main level you enter.- Parking is well marked, and there is enough parking.- There is a bigger variety of non-stop flights and airlines here than you might think.- Delta has a SkyClub here.- There are food choices in several areas, all post-security, which is great.THE BAD:- Security gets slow, especially at peak times.  And they don't always staff all the security lanes.- There are no express/Elite/First Class lanes.  They removed the "Expert Traveler" versus "Casual Traveler" lanes.  Why?  They worked.- There is insufficient seating at most gates.  Maybe half the plane gets to sit.THE UGLY:- There is no affordable, covered parking.  The ONLY covered parking is short term, $24/day.
<review# 431,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/13/2013,7/24/2013,65,66,2,4,3>As a Texan, I can safely say that this is the closest I've come to home cookin' since I've moved to Nashville. Holy guacamole, this was some delicious food.I came here for brunch with a group of folks last weekend. I believe I got a breakfast platter. Sausage, jalapeno bacon (spicy, be warned! They also have a bourbon option, which I want to try soon!), eggs, Texas toast, and potatoes with gravy all arrived sizzling on my plate, and nothing survived on there long. I know I saw breakfast wraps as well, but I was mostly too focused on my own plate to notice what anyone else was eating.To all my carnivores who enjoy their drinking - the Bloody Mary here comes with, and I quote a friend here, "an entire squirrel in it". They stuff some delicious barbecue into that glass - but don't worry, I'm pretty sure it wasn't squirrel. They're pretty hard to catch.The place is a tad on the pricey side, but for going once in a blue moon, not too bad. Also it has a parking lot, which is extremely exciting - I hate searching for parking. The staff is super friendly and very good about making sure you're completely satisfied - the cook did my eggs over easy instead of sunny side up and my waitress was more than ready to have her redo them for me! (I didn't care!)A final note: You will wander around all day wondering where the campfire smell is coming from. It's you, from sitting amidst all this deliciousness.
<review# 432,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/8/2013,7/23/2013,139,236,8,3,4>Well it was an early Sunday Dinner for myself, the wifey, my nephew and my passed out asleep son who had dominated the Nashville Zoo for about 3 hours earlier in the day we decided (after already eating Bobbie's Dairy Dip only 4 hours earlier) on the way home to have a nice meal.   1st choice was Kien Giang, but for a first time ever, I wasn't really in the mood.   So I threw out the suggestion of trying the Stone Fox.   Of which none of us had tried.Thankfully (for my sanity sake) it was not very crowded (sleeping toddler in stroller means we might get to enjoy our first damned meal in God knows how long).   I ordered a Brooklyn Lager that came out in a mason jar (nice touch hipsters, nice touch) and enjoyed my brew while some random music I had no idea of from probably the 70's played in the background.I ended up ordering the Kimchee Reuben (which was fantastic albeit a little pricey at $12 bucks but worth it) and the Pimento Cheese Hushpuppies (I would skip these, they came out almost burnt, try something else instead, of which I'm sure there are good things on the sides list (my first choice was a kale and quinoa salad though they were out of quinoa so I diverted to hush puppies for some dumb reason)).  Wife and nephew ordered Elise's favorite burger, that avocado's and other random things on it.  I tried a bite and very very tasty.   They asked for it medium though it came out a little over cooked but it was still very good.I can't wait to go back and try the brunch one day.
<review# 433,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/15/2013,7/22/2013,48,60,2,5,2>I used to LOVE this place as Melrose. It was my very own Cheers. When it changed, my love and respect lowered to a mutual understanding. M.L. Rose understood I still needed a convenient bar close to home and I understood that M.L. was trying to expand and change it's ways.  While I only go, now, about once every couple of weeks...I still enjoy the two bartenders left that I love and I still appreciate the convenience and ample seating that M.L. Rose has to offer. Their taps rotate at a nice pace, and their bar food is definitely above average. Even though my Melrose doesn't exist anymore, I will always have a place in my heart for it's reincarnated self.
<review# 434,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/29/2012,7/21/2013,11,48,,8,1>I admit I've always felt odd visiting East Nashville to grab a burrito at Nuvo. There I am, Mrs. Suburb-Mom - generally sporting a tee, jeans, and ponytail or a preppy summer dress - sometimes with my suit-and-tie husband fresh from his 9-5 downtown - mingling with the hipster-glasses-wearing, skinny-jeans-clad, wild-haired youngsters.Sweetly, the owners and employees (I like the young guy with the faux-hawk thingy) always make me feel like one of the "cool kids". I used to try various menu items until I got the 90210 (minus artichoke hearts - yuck), and I haven't strayed since. I'll concede that it's a bit greasy sometimes, but hey.. what goat-cheese-laden, hot, delicious comfort food isn't greasy?! My husband always gets the Berkeley. Every once in a while we splurge on some cheese dip; it's pretty good - not the best I've ever had but totally hits the spot if I'm craving that. The salsa is just so-so in my opinion.. But really, if I wanted perfect salsa I'd go to a Mexican joint. This place is all about the quesadillas and burritos. Oh, and the new Charlotte Pike location is way closer AND they have always had FREE cinnamon sugar tortillas when we've visited. :-)I'll agree that the music is obnoxious, and the videos are weird. But I'm not really a music nerd so I don't mind as long as I can keep shoveling great food into my face.For my life I can't imagine how people keep getting soggy burritos: in over 2 dozen trips neither my husband nor I have ever had this experience. And concerning the price, I will gladly pay $1.50-$2 more for a burrito made fresh in front of me with quality ingredients, and made my local folks in a local business. As a small biz owner myself, it means a lot to me to support people who are doing a great job and employing their neighbors and peers. Go Nuvo!
<review# 435,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/16/2013,7/20/2013,116,191,,2,1>Endless...Mimosas...for less than the cost of 3, you can have as many as you like.  I'm strictly curbing my alcohol consumption, but I made an exception for Mother's Day Brunch.  And I picked the perfect spot for said exception!Enough about the alcohol.  What really impressed me was the delicious food.  While waiting for our table at the bar, we enjoyed a complimentary (they had an extra) blackened chicken appetizer served over a delicious corn cake.  At our table we shared the Lavender Goat Cheese Fondue.  The garlic and shallots in the goat cheese were so sweet and tasty.  My mom had a Chorizo/sweet and purple potato dish that she loved.  I tried a bite, and also enjoyed it.  Her husband had the Eggs Diane that he seemed to enjoy.  I mixed some sides:  Garlic Cheese Grits (not so good, dry and lacking in flavor), Praline Bacon (OMG sinfully good) and Fresh Berries w/ Citrus Yogurt (you know, to offset the bacon...).  I was happy with my order, though next time I'll skip the grits.  For dessert, we shared the Prickly Pear Cheesecake.  It was very light (for cheesecake) and the perfect end to a great meal.Our server was really nice and kept the drinks flowing and our meal flowed nicely.  I only wish everyone hadn't been so apologetic.  I realize it is Mother's Day.  I expected a few bumps in the road.  Apparently they were short handed; but had no one mentioned it, we probably wouldn't have noticed.
<review# 436,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/22/2013,7/19/2013,194,461,2,9,3>Newest downtown destination courtesy of 12South Taproom!  If you have ever been to Wild Bills, you will not recognize the place.  They leveled out the first floor bi-level seating. They also completely redid the walls, bar, etc. The place looks fantastic. I forgot I was downtown until the place filled up with people headed to the Preds game. I think they took away one of the floors but I'm not certain. What I do know is upstairs there is a dining room and then a smaller room with a 12 top. Both have TVs in them. If you want to grab dinner with friends pre-downtown barhopping I would definitely consider reserving that smaller room. They kept the rooftop bar as well but gave it a rustic farm feel. I was digging it.So it's a full bar, however, the beer list is tiny, 8 on draft, 9 cans, 6? domestics. They are smart though, pretty much all of the domestics are tallboys. The beers also run about $5 each.  The plates are well priced when you see how much you are getting. The poutine is $8. Okay seems pricey, then they bring out a large spaghetti bowl filled to the brim with fries, gravy, and cheese curds. They also serve tacos, fried kale salad, a cuban sandwich, burgers, hot chicken wings, etc. All sammies come with fries or kale chips (flash fried kale with beet dressing).  The tacos are $12 for 3 or $4 for one. The bartender was knowledgeable and incredibly friendly. I would come back just for him. The small plates are meant to be shared and the sammies just for yourself. They also make their own sweet potato tots. With Pub5 now in the mix, I think I'll make more trips downtown. Kudos 12South, job well done!
<review# 437,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/20/2013,7/18/2013,210,147,,4,3>Boy have I fallen in love with this place. It's a veghead's dream. Apparently lunch goers feel this way too, as it has always been packed.Not to fret, the line does move rather quickly across the cafeteria style serving area. The staff is eager to answer any questions, and even offer a sample if you're unsure about a dish.Some of my favorites have been the steamed kale with sesame and the Cannallini bean and potato soup. Gawd that soup is good. The tomatoes served in their tomato, mozzarella and basil salad looked mealy, but the flavor was there -- very much to my surprise.While it's a bit pricey for lunch, the portions are really large. Plus with my somewhat restrictive diet, I have yet to run across any dish served here that I cannot eat. Love.Note there is additional parking in the back...or the front...depending on how you look at it I suppose. Ha! I have also observed an employee directing traffic during lunch rush, which is a huge help.
<review# 438,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/10/2013,7/17/2013,159,379,2,8,5>The Five Stars ratings this place is getting is legit for food, service, and saved travel expenses. I stopped by when I was in town because the Yelp App gave this place the top spot in the city...and who wouldn't want a REAL CHICAGO DOG?Well, I walked in just before closing and the owners, Rob and Debbie were in house and greeted me in their "northern way." It was great! They were ready to serve me as if they had all day to be there! He could tell I came in for a dog, but wanted me to try the roast beef. Deb set me up and I did what they predicted...I ordered a Chicago Italian Beef Sandwich. The generous portion of thin sliced seasoned roast beef (shipped in from Chicago and prepared perfectly) was wonderfully flavorful, soaked in it's own juices, and served on a great italian loaf of bread. The Chicago-style giardiniera was a great combination of sweet and heat. The fries were crispy on the outside and fluffy on the inside. I can't wait to go back. Seriously.The owners are really big on personality, service, and very relational. What a treat to connect with them and hear their love of Chicago and their family.The best part of this place? It's only a half hour away and doesn't require air travel to enjoy the Taste of Chicago!
<review# 439,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/1/2013,7/16/2013,33,287,2,2,2>So. My husband and I failed to make New Year's Eve plans. Ok, that's not QUITE true. We just didn't have any big plans. I had to work until 10:30 at night. Sucked. We had been invited to a party at his old boss's house in Hermitage, so we decided to go to that. It's a long story, so I'll spare you all, but we ended up deciding to get a hotel room for the night and get dru-- i mean, tipsy- by ourselves instead. You might be thinking "Well, you could have stayed home and done that for free." You would be correct...except we have a roommate (another long, sad story) so we would not have been alone. It turns out he is lamer than we are and spent his New Year's Eve drinking beer and doing laundry. We wanted to get somewhere before midnight (it was about 11:30), so my husband got on Yelp and called different places until he found one with open rooms. We ended up here. Thankfully it was relatively easy to find because it was raining so hard I could barely see the lines on the road, much less what was on the side of it. We ran inside so we could get checked in and into our room before the ball dropped (I was way too excited about being able to see that...we don't have cable in our apartment). The lobby was so pretty. Whoever did their Christmas decorating did an excellent job. My husband took care of getting our room while I looked around, but I overheard "taking $10 off for you" and "coupons for free breakfast." Breakfast is not complimentary here. In fact, it is $16 per person. Kids might be cheaper, but we don't have any so there was no need for the gentleman working the desk to tell us that. From our room on the second floor I could see a game room with a pool table, the indoor pool, and several meeting rooms. Our room? was fantastic! Central heating and air? King-size bed that's actually comfortable? Not one, but two LG flat screen TVs? You spoil me, Hilton. We stayed up until 4 drinking and watching movies on HBO. SADLY we slept too long to actually take advantage of our free breakfast. How stupid is that? Check-out was a breeze. Everyone we came into contact with was very friendly. We may have been there less than 12 hours, and we may have only been about 10 miles from our apartment, but it was a fun little "vacation" nonetheless. I would not hesitate to stay here were I visiting from out-of-town.
<review# 440,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,2/21/2013,7/15/2013,26,100,,4,2>Quick n' easy, I'd say...I rolled into this quaint and unassuming hideaway for an early lunch.  By beating the "crowd" I hoped to garner a little more attention and a non-rushed service experience.  (Judging from the cramped parking...not so much.)Nevertheless, I was seated immediately.  I then took a moment and selected the salmon salad.  All in all, it was good - nice flavor, well prepared and a generous portion.  I enjoyed it.  Follow-up service was adequate, but not intrusive. (I liked that.)But, the place soon filled with patrons and this little hideaway became a room filled with noise.  Time to leave.This spot does not rise to the top of my list of great lunch experiences, but it is a nice stop for a lunch that I know will be good.  Yep: quick n' easy.
<review# 441,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/30/2011,1/19/2012,42,90,1,7,5>I thought I'd already done a review for Angelo's, but apparently I have not.  Anywhoo, here ya go. We were turned on to this place by a friend who was simply suggesting a local joint near the dollar theater in Antioch. We've only been here three times in total, but have had a fantastic experience every time. The first time we were in a hurry to get a meal in before a movie at the dollar theater. Our waitress busted it to get our food out to us quickly. We both got calzones (pepperoni for the hubs and spinach for me). We really could have shared ONE with the entire Duggar family...they are HUGE! Each came with a generous serving of marinara sauce for dipping. The second time we took some friends who were visiting and the experience was the same. Great service, delicious food! I ordered the eggplant parmesan (some of the best I've ever had) and the hubs ordered stromboli I think. Again, the portions were a bit silly. Roll me out of here, silly.The last time was with family and friends and it was lunch time. We decided to try the pizza and just grabbed two slices a piece from the lunch buffet. Pretty stinkin' good! $8 for two people? Yes, please! We'll definitely be going back for some of that action.If you are looking for affordable AND delicious Italian cuisine...stop in here. Save the "$5 Hot 'n Ready" for another time. Do yourself a favor and spend a dollar or two more for quality. You'll thank me later!
<review# 442,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,6/29/2011,1/18/2012,15,63,12,4,2>The case of the missing goldfishPrelude...The first time I went to Basil's I enjoyed the nice little koi pond near the hostess station. The wait wasn't very long, but the pond was a nice touch, and an Asian symbol of good luck.  When I came in this time, I noticed the koi - pond and all - were mysteriously gone. I quickly decided that I was going to skip the sushi this time.Chapter 1We were seated quickly, despite the fact that we went out to dinner at the peak of dinner time. I think the host was hoping we would overlook the missing koi. Clearly a cover-up. The waiter then came over and was ready for our order even though we weren't ready. That's a good sign, especially since other reviews mention slow service. After deciding, my wife ordered an entrée and the papaya salad. I remembered that Basil's had some great desserts, so I thought I would skip the appetizer to leave room for dessert. Then again, I also remember the goldfish...Chapter 2The waiter brought out our wine, and poured it into some of the tallest wine glasses I have ever seen. Both my wife and I were worried the glass would tip over as it rocked back and forth as the waiter was filling it. Since the koi pond was gone, I wasn't sure where I would rinse my shirt should the wine spill all over it.Chapter 3Like the goldfish, our waiter was mysteriously gone. It took well over 30 minutes to bring out the salad. When it finally arrived, I was happy that they brought out an extra plate. Though didn't intend to eat an appetizer, I was now starved. Had the koi pond still been there, I would have scooped out one of the fisheys with my extra long wine glass - I'm pretty sure it would have reached.Chapter 4All the food was quite good. Unlike most Thai restaurants in America, they didn't ask how spicy we wanted our food, They simply serve it with enough kick to make your nose run a little. That includes the papaya salad. I like a little heat so it was good by me, but I suspect someone who usually orders their Thai food "mild" would have been drinking out of the pond to cool their mouth - hence the missing pond.Chapter 5The waiter boxed up the leftover food, and brought us the bill, but did not open the door for discussion about desserts. I don't think that anyone would have taken the koi for a dessert, but after seeing the bill, I would believe they may have been taken and held for ransom. Luckily, we had a Groupon that knocked $30 off the bill ($15 after paying for the Groupon) and that brought the total cost down to $58. That might not be a kings ransom, but what kind of payoff would you expect to get from a fishnapping?ConclusionThe food was fine, but the wait was extremely sub-par. The price, without a discount, demands better service, a better atmosphere, or outstanding food. All I got was a couple of theories about the missing koi, and no dessert.
<review# 443,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/26/2011,1/17/2012,124,52,2,7,5>So I should admit right up front that I'm a volunteer at the museum, so i might be a little biased. But really, that only serves to enhance my 5 star rating because I love this place so much that I decided to give my time and talent. That's probably more convincing than anything I could yelp, but here we go.OK. First, just look at the extensive website and you'll get a feel for how broad the programming, facilities and archives are. Most of the public only tours the galleries, which are awesome. They give you an excellent overview of the last 100 years of American music as well as rotating exhibits on important personalities and movements within Country Music history. Then, I'm a huge fan of the Family and Public Programs like Songwriter Sessions on Saturdays, the Film Screenings (usually awesome vintage episodes of shows like Hayride, Austin City Limits and The Johnny Cash Show), and Instrument Demonstrations. Most of these happen on the weekends, so check the schedule before you visit. There are Country Cookout lunch performances in the Fall and many more live music events, most of which are free to members. For the $40 yearly membership, I'm guessing you could see about 75 amazing shows. Pretty good deal. I just visited with a 4 year old today and discovered plenty of fun stuff for kids along the way. Lots of the artifacts, especially the costumes, embellished guitars and Pierce Webb's amazingly tricked-out convertible are really fun to look at. The interactive costume design station and coloring pages on the 3rd floor are also great. If you can visit when they are hosting a "Musical Petting Zoo," your kids can have a chance to play a fiddle or banjo. I think those happen about once a month. AND you can earn a Girl Scout badge here. I love that. Bring your troupe!I've also participated in the Words and Music program in which kids write song lyrics and a professional songwriter puts them to music and performs the songs back to the kids. I have to say that this has been one of the most fun and touching songwriting experiences in my career and I'm so happy that the Museum got funding to bring this program to every 4th grader in Nashville in 2010-2012. The cafe is great. The Museum Store is well stocked with not just souvenirs, but CDs, VINYL and tons of books about country music. And every single staff person I've talked to really loves working there. Overall, I believe the Hall of Fame is doing a bang-up job of fulfilling it's mission to "identify and preserve the evolving history and traditions of country music and to educate its audiences." Visitors to Nashville shouldn't miss it. Residents should get a membership right away. And somebody should stop me from spending all my money on Hatch Show Print posters!
<review# 444,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/25/2011,1/15/2012,54,100,4,7,3>I will deem Bagel Face a Boutique Bagel Bakery (BBB).One of their plain bagels with plain cream cheese is just awesome. I've eaten a bunch of them and they are consistently excellent. Just chewy enough with a pinch of salt to really take you over the top. Not too dense or too light. Incredibly well balanced bagel (IWBB).Don't show up after 10:30am or you will have a long, lonely, hungry ride back to where you came from.
<review# 445,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/26/2011,1/14/2012,15,96,2,6,3>I ordered our son's first birthday cake from here. Since I had found this place on yelp, I went with Dulce based on the reviews. Juanita was so helpful and understanding. I gave her a plate that I was using for the birthday party and she matched all the animals exactly on the cake. The cake was beautiful and tasted great. I ordered the vanilla cake with layers of strawberry and a chocolate layer in the middle (she said it is like having chocolate cover strawberries - and I love those!!). Everyone at the party asked about the cake because it was decorated so beautifully and it tasted so good. She does a great job and has an interesting story on how she got into the cake making business. Ask her!
<review# 446,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/21/2011,1/13/2012,9,106,2,5,7>A rustic wood counter in the dining area is lined above and below with reclaimed wood from an old Tennessee barn which provides a natural vibe. More inside and outside wood runs with the oak barbeque theme. Since they remodeled the building the inside is nifty and the outside deck is also a pleasant spot to eat. Edley's smokes a limited quantity of pork, chicken and other barbeque each day for quality freshness, so once its gone its gone. Like get there for lunch or early dinner for best selection. Samples of the turkey and of the pecan pie gave best taste of more that is to be enjoyed.
<review# 447,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/17/2011,1/12/2012,194,461,2,8,5>Oh.......baby!  Now this is the place to get a burger.  East Nashville's oldest bar, yes it's a dive, I'm not sure why it took so long to go in there. This bar/resaurant has been through a war and it survived, thankfully!  First off the beer is cheap, please don't change your prices!  $1.75 PBR's and Bud, unheard of!  This made me happy when I only had $6.00 to my name.  The beer comes in ball jars that are frosted.  Yep, they know how to serve a beer!We ordered two cheeseburgers.  This isn't the kind of place you quick order and eat.  A 1/2 pound burger takes time.  Don't rush genius!  It literally sizzled for 30 minutes and then out came this ball of meat with american cheese on top.  I got the usual fixings; lettuce, tomato, little bit of onions and pickles.  One bite and you are sold. It's juicy, cooked to a medium perfection.  The juices slip out onto the plate.  Not grease, juices. It's also seasoned well. We got the fries too.  They were perfect with the burger.  Solid, solid burger, it must be tried by all burger lovers.  Oh and Tuesday nights they have a deal on beer, I know, doesn't seem possible but it's true.
<review# 448,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/11/2011,1/11/2012,47,141,,4,3>Though located off the beaten path, this place is fantastic!!The food is delicious, authentic and inexpensive! Does it get any better than that? I even got a chance to practice my Spanish to communicate with our server! And for those without too much Spanish knowledge... no worries.. pointing on the menu will work just fine!My husband and I ordered the tacos. We tried several different meats. Our favorite was probably the spicy pork. YUM!!! I loved how simple but tasty the tacos were, much like we saw in California. The tacos basically consisted of meat, cilantro, and some chopped onions on a fresh corn tortilla! The sauces that came with the meal = delicious!We did get a little lost trying to locate this place, because as others have said it's a bit of a hole in the wall. Plus, it's on the side of town I rarely go. But I would say it was definitely worth the trip!
<review# 449,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/7/2011,1/10/2012,42,86,10,7,5>Unless you make the kind of money where you can wipe your ass with Benjamin Franklins, Patterson House isn't a "hang out after work everyday" place. That being said, if it's a special night wherein you have classy friends in town or you're celebrating finally giving your good-for-nothing significant other the boot, this is the place. The price for the drinks and food are worth the quality of those items, plus the great environment you're soaking in whilest feeling classy and fabulous.The staff is extremely knowledgeable. I usually tell the server what kinds of drinks I prefer and a drink magically appears that blows my garter belt off (classy place means classy undergarments, you know). Ice cubes may seem like a minor point, but I love all the little extras that P.H. takes to set itself above the rest. There's nothing like having a perfectly formed sphere of ice in your drink to melt all your troubles away!
<review# 450,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/5/2011,1/9/2012,111,543,8,4,3>I've now had two days of being so awake I felt like I could melt people's teeth with my brain. But, you know, in a good way.I'll admit to being a coffee heathen. For me coffee is a necessary means to an ends - that being waking up. There are very few coffees brewed that I like, and for me it seems preparation is the key to a good experience. My weapon of choice has so far been mostly the French Press, with some fresh-ground dripped at work. Until I went to Roast Inc I was unaware that the key to the next great coffee I would have involved key parts of a meth lab and a bit of an auto-detailing shop. If the coffee business doesn't pan out for them I think they can easily transition to products for Nolensville Road distribution... but I think the coffee will pan out.I've become quite fond of the coffee bong... and not just because it's a pretty neat show... it tastes smooth, I feel like there's something that it does justice to the recently slaughtered bean.If you want a coffee experience, this is the place. I'm not too sure on its hang-out factor as I've been either in a rush or in a class each time I've been here.If you need great coffee, and to be awake, this is the place... also, if your teeth were melted the last time I was there, sorry, I didn't know that actually worked...
<review# 451,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/13/2014,4/30/2014,34,115,2,9,8>WOW!I took my parents here the other day on Sunday. We walked in at about 11:15 and sat down at the bar, no one was really there minus 2 couples and 5 minutes later I look behind me and it the place was FULL. Crazy. I had the black bean and quinoa burger with the additional $2 gluten free burger bun. It was literally the best veggie burger I have EVER had. I will be coming here just for that from now on. What a great place. My dad is still talking about it a week later! Ha
<review# 452,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/17/2014,4/29/2014,220,423,9,15,12>Happy hour every day of the week until 8:00pm? YES. The longest happy hour in Nashville, and I LOVE it!Someone described this bar to me as a "speakeasy" and I was a bit afraid I would be under dressed as typically that means nicer bars. Turns out I was overdressed if anything. I'd call this more of a dive bar with some nice cocktail options. You throw in a pool table, it's really a dive bar. We ended up staying for a few hours to enjoy the 2 for 1 happy hour well drinks and they did not disappoint. There was lots o' liquor in them, and that suits me just fine. Of course we started to get hungry and so my BF ordered a burger and the extremely loaded tater tots with meat, cheese, pickles, yellow tomatoes, and heaven. WOW. I can't rave about those tots more, they were on point!!! I also enjoyed the large patio since it was a nice day and the black and white old school photo booth. Fun!! We definitely had a great time hanging out here, and I will be back!
<review# 453,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/12/2014,4/28/2014,50,171,4,7,5>If there's anything the hipsters offer, it's damn good food. And great service. And Pinewood has armies of hipsters lined up to provide both. I'm too old to dress smart, but the folks at Pinewood didn't seem to mind. My party of 8 soccer moms and dads had reservations before the big crowd on New Year's eve. It was surprisingly quiet (I suppose an hour or two after we left, that would not be the case). In any event, the atmosphere was fun, energetic, filled with a fantastic 4 course menu and impeccable libations.Start with a round of bowling in the transplanted and restored bowling alley. Just like the one's i grew up with before the upgrade to computerized scoring. It's not ironic for me, just nostalgic. But a great space.Move to our table once the game was done. Our server's were attentive and friendly. On our four course dinner, we only had two choices - the important one being filet or scallops. Filet for me - well duh.Outside of courses 2 and 3 being executed in reverse order, the meal was indeed very good. Service was delivered with a team of servers delivering our plates at once.The greens and black eyed peas on toast amuse buche was a nice start. Quite good at that. The butternut squash ravioli was delightfully good. Sweet, creamy, and covered with herbs and truffle shavings which complemented it perfectly. The herbs balanced the truffles, making them taste mildly sweet and salty but not musky funky like others I've had.The filets were executed perfectly. They didn't ask how we wanted them cooked because they had already cooked them perfectly. My guess is that they had been in a sous vide bath most of the day and seared just before serving. Any customization on the behalf of a picky diner would have ruined a prime cut of beef and rendered the cows death in vain. Compliments to the chef on just doing it right way without asking.Dessert was good. Sort of a roulage, but maybe a tad on the dry side. But no-one was complaining.I'll be interested to see what happens with the outdoor play area. Maybe we'll bring the kids up for a round of marco polo ;).
<review# 454,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/2/2014,4/27/2014,243,217,10,6,5>Its a drive from where i stay but worth it!!Soooo valentines day was vastly approaching and my lady loves chocolate covered strawberries! So my job as her MAN,..HER DADDY,..HER NUMBER 1 HITTA...was to make sure she had the best tasting strawberries in town! Easier said then done cause my baby is PICKY about what she eats! I did some research on-line and some word of mouth about this location that serves gourmet chocolate strawberries so i made the 30 min drive out that way. First of all I like the setup inside. It had a homely feel to it probably cause it resembled a home inside with an upstairs area to shop. I really liked the outside sitting area where you can have lunch weather permitting. I ordered 12 chocolate covered strawberries and they were given to me in a nice little pink box with a little bow on top.The staff was very friendly and helpful, and even gave me tips on how to preserve the strawberries freshness until Valentines day arrived. Bottom line my boo LOVED them on valentines day and mentioned on several times how good they were! And in case your wondering yes i had a whole weekend planned that turned out Great! Can't go into detail cause this is a PG-13 site :but .... YEA I'M THE MANNNNN BAD BOY...TAKE THAT!:) I'm looking forward to possibly having lunch out there one day to see if the small selection of food is decent but for now I AM A FAN!Will return...
<review# 455,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,1/18/2014,4/26/2014,107,182,1,10,4>I feel guilty whenever I give less than a 5-star review to a vegan or vegetarian restaurant. I love having restaurants that cater to us vegans and I really appreciate having Sunflower Cafe in the community. Many people absolutely love it, it is not quite what I am looking for in a dining experience. Try it, you might love it too.So far, I have been to Sunflower cafe 5 or 6 times and have tried many things on the menu. I have been consistently underwhelmed by the food overall though there are some glowing parts that I really appreciate and will highlight.First, the epicness:-The Kale will blow your mind. it isn't overdone and has a great flavor. They use a bit of sesame oil and it is delicious. Each time I have gone, I have had this and it is great.-Locally brewed kombucha on tap! Yes please!-Organic agave sweetened sodas!-A bunch of delicious local baked goods that are delicious.-Most of the ingredients are local and ethically sourced.Now for the less than awesome:Each time I have been, the satisfaction to price ratio has been a bit off. The food comes in small portions that leave me wanting a snack when I leave. The hot food is also not quite hot. That is the problem with warming trays, the food is never quite as delicious as it should be. Additionally, the reverse buffet style really precludes many interesting flavors and dishes. In an attempt to please the masses, creativity and flavor seems to be getting lost. Today I ate the Thai Ginger Tofu over quinoa and was very disappointed. I had to smother it in sriracha to make it something edible. It also had an unfortunate color, off brownish. Last time I went I had the lasagna and thought it was good but the one inch sliver I got left my belly wanting more. There was one slice left (the size that the person got in front of me) but when I ordered it was cut in half to make the last of it stretch. all this for $11. Add a drink (or anything else), it adds up to about $15. Thats a bit more than my lunch budget can handle, especially when I leave still wanting. I will keep coming for vegan events and organized meals, but it is not one of my regular hauntsI would recommend everyone interested in food try this place. It may not be my favorite, but it might be yours.
<review# 456,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/10/2014,4/25/2014,10,23,29,10,12>Let's get the boring stuff out of the way first.Hattie B's is good. In my opinion, Prince's is better *if* you get them on a good night, when the chicken is perfectly prepared, but you've got to roll the dice on that. But Hattie B's wins hands-down in terms of reliability, convenience, and speed. You could have ordered, paid, gotten your chicken, and eaten it at Hattie B's in the span of time that it takes the Prince's order queue to creep agonizingly from 871 to 878. Think about that a second. And Hattie B's sides are much better. It's become my go-to hot chicken place for those reasons--I still love Prince's, but I don't always have an afternoon to burn waiting for a piece of chicken to come out that might be amazing or horrible depending on what mood the cook is in on that particular day.Now for the real point of the review: hot chicken is not meant to be eaten. It's an abomination, an aberration, an antiquated and deleterious shibboleth that the people of Nashville have built up around themselves as a harbinger of their own ruin, like chewing betel nuts. Try looking closely at a quarter of Hattie B's "Damn Hot" chicken sometime. It looks, in a word, angry. It's the color of blood and oozes viscid, oleaginous bile all over its surroundings with a sort of sentient hatred like an aspic cooked by Lucifer himself. Rub some of the molten hate between your fingers and they start to burn.Yet you're going to eat this thing, you maniac. You're going to grab it with your fingers and sink your teeth into it of your own accord. You're going to utter assorted blasphemous imprecations against whatever gods might happen to be in the area as the spices dig their hellish claws into taste buds that you didn't know you had. And then you're going to take another bite. And another.It is the belief of this researcher that spice of this level actively impairs the higher reasoning functions of the brain. As you engage in this ritual self-immolation, the id breaks free of its chains and rampages through the streets of your brain, drunk, naked, and giggling. You're consumed by the desire to consume, dominate, destroy, overcome. Meanwhile, the ego cowers deep in its bunker, gulping glasses of milk and noncarbonated beverages, worrying about the health of your intestinal tract.And these are its fevered thoughts: why am I putting this in my body? What will it do to me? Will I ever be able to taste again? Why did I agree to this? Who convinced me that this was a good idea? Who poured that poison into my ears?And somewhere, deep down, the answer: I paid money for this. I braved the unruly masses and the Vanderbilt traffic tangle and the waiting and the paying, all for this privilege. I was not forced into this. There were no men with guns shouting instructions at me. I WANTED THIS.And that, dear reader, is the truth lurking at the heart of hot chicken. Nothing mystical, no force of evil, compels you to eat the chicken. You do this of your own accord. There is no chicken-shaped devil perched on your shoulder, whispering in your ear. The drive to self-destruction is within you. And eating hot chicken with sufficient frequency might enable you to hit that target.
<review# 457,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/25/2013,4/24/2014,49,133,6,11,9>I don't understand why this airport doesn't get 5 stars. This is one of the best airports out there.1. Fast check-in: I was never late for my flights at this airport. Yup, not even once!2. Not crowded: I love how I never had to wait long in line to get my bags check or going through security.3. Great customer service: People in the South are always so nice. They don't ignore your question and help you with the things you need.4. Clean airport: even the bathrooms here sparkly clean! LAX management, learn something from Nashville management!5. Great restaurants.6. You don't have to walk too far to your gate because it is a small airport. 7. Easy access to car rental.8. It doesn't take long to claim your baggages.9. No traffic.10. What not to like about this airport!!???Enough said.2013/#100
<review# 458,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/31/2014,4/23/2014,123,108,3,5,4>El Amigo is my go-to spot for authentic Mexican food. They have a nice selection of tortas, tacos, burittos and tostadas and not much else. They do the few core things and do them right. I always order a tostada de jaiba which is imitation crab with avocado and pico de gallo, along with tacos which are made with your choice of meat (carne asada, lengua, tripas, al pastor, pollo) onions, cilantro and grilled onions wrapped in warm corn tortillas. They also have horchata and soft drinks, a dining room both inside and a covered patio outside with seating if you choose to dine in. If you stay, be prepared to watch the waitress' favorite Novela on the TV the entire time, but she will be friendly and attentive.
<review# 459,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/31/2014,4/22/2014,176,384,1,8,6>Love that this is in my hood!  Such a better option than Panera - especially the salads.  While I wish I could indulge in the sandwiches (some of them look SO good, but, alas, no GF breads), I appreciate that the salads are all made with high quality ingredients and some of them are really creative.  I had the spinach salad yesterday, and while it doesn't look like much, the dressing is SO good and the ingredients go together so well that it's definitely more than the sum of its parts.  Boyfriend had the cranberry chicken salad - he seemed to really enjoy it.  Their coffee selection is nice, but as a tea drinker (who prefers unsweetened and uncaffeinated beverages), there wasn't much to choose from.  I'll go with water next time.  It gets busy at lunch (especially on Sundays, since the other good local option, Cottage Cafe, isn't open) and so service can get slow, but the food is good and they don't hurry you out the door or anything.  Huge asset to the neighborhood.
<review# 460,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/13/2013,4/21/2014,96,90,3,17,8>The Catbird Seat. The unobtainable holy grail of Nashville haute cuisine. This shining beacon of creativity and palate teasing has been on my radar since they first opened in 2011. And ever since then I have been pestering Steve to take me there. I annoyed him, cajoled him, threatened him, begged him - and then finally for our 2-year anniversary - he made the reservation. Waiting for this dinner made it seem like the longest month ever!The decor of Catbird is minimalism at it's finest. The room is a soft white with nothing on the walls. The majority of their 32 seats are at the bar overlooking the open kitchen. Everything is decorated in such a way that the food is truly the star. I love the idea that they take everything away so you're forced to focus more on the food's beauty and taste. The decor deprivation really works in this setting.The way The Catbird Seat operates is unlike any other restaurant in town. There is no menu. You have no idea what you are going to be served and there is certainly no picking and choosing. Our night we had about 9 courses served to us over a 3 hour period. Part of the excitement was not knowing what we were going to eat next. This way, I could be surprised and guided on the taste journey that the chefs planned out for us. We also decided to go with the beverage paring (we chose the $40 version instead of the pricier $75 one, and were very pleased.) The very talented and knowledgeable beverage director provided wine and cocktails that matched the dishes. Please be aware that they do serve you a lot to drink. You will definitely get tipsy, and you may even get drunk. I highly recommend planning on taking a cab home - you will be in NO shape to drive.I feel unable to review specifically the food at The Catbird Seat for the simple reason that if you go, chances are you will get a totally different menu. Insomuch as that is the case, I feel I can review the overall experience and vouch for the talent that the chefs exude. Everything that we had was crafted perfectly. Flavor profiles were methodically thought out and every dish exceeded my already high expectations. Some dishes were so unique and beautifully presented that I couldn't believe it.I can't imagine a better dining experience than The Catbird Seat. I can assure all diners that no matter what is on the menu, you will be impressed and probably fall in love with a dish you never knew you liked.In addition, there are some shake-ups going on at the 'bird. Earlier this year one of the two founding chefs, Josh Habiger, left to go help open Pinewood Social. This week it was announced that the other founding chef Erik Anderson will be leaving the Catbird Seat on New Years to be with his fiancee in Minnesota. While the two main driving forces will be gone, I have no doubt that the quality and creativity will not falter. The talent that we saw from the sous chefs will be sure to carry the restaurant and keep the experience as is. Either way, save up your hard earned cash and go.
<review# 461,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/31/2010,11/4/2010,46,758,3,6,2>To say this was the best Indian food I've had wouldn't be much of a stretch.  The problem is that all my previous Indian food was at a buffet.  As my girlfriend reminded me, if your first experience with Sushi was a buffet, you wouldn't ever try it again.The Good: The food really was delicious, with just the right amount of piquancy for both myself and my girlfriend.The Bad:  Parking might be pretty rough.  There is a narrow lot in front of Bombay Palace shared by it and all the neighboring businesses on this strip.  The service was pretty slow, the restaurant got very busy while while we were there, and the staff seemed pretty strained.  This resulted in nearly an hour wait before our entree arrived.The booths also seemed a bit tiny for the overweight.  Since I'm one of those (Hey, I do food reviews on Yelp... are you surprised?)  I felt a bit shoehorned into my seat.Overall, even with the minor quibbles, I did quite enjoy my food. I would certainly recommend it.
<review# 462,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/23/2010,11/3/2010,10,306,2,6,4>As everyone else has Yelped, this is just a wonderful farmers market - the best one I've ever visited.Friendly vendors, great selection, lots of truly local produce, fresh baked goods, arts and crafts, plus live bluegrass music.I haven't tried all the goodies yet, but I can say that the yellow peach tomatoes (en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ga) are delicious. Unfortunately I can't remember the name of the farmer from whom I bought these. Have to take a notepad or look more closely next time.I'm not a huge fan of cheese (my wife has a revulsion to pretty much all cheeses and has turned me against the stuff), but I made an exception for the exceptionally creamy, soft and delicious garlic and herb goat cheese from Noble Springs Dairy (noble-springs.com). Out of this world! Don't miss it! As others have mentioned, this market is special in that it is open all year long, although I believe it has shorter Saturday-only hours during the wintertime.It's definitely a hike if you don't live in Franklin, but oh so worth it.
<review# 463,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,10/25/2010,11/1/2010,139,429,5,10,2>I didn't love this place.  I do love the minimalist and trendy decor and the way it always smells delicious.  (Eucalyptus, I think).  As the Aveda salon in town, I had high expectations.  I stayed for about four haircuts, and was always pleased with the results (and my one celeb sighting!), but True Blue and I broke up because I felt like my hairdresser chastised me for not coming in often enough every single time I walked in the door.  (I think I remember you....but it's been months).  As a gal with long tresses and minimal time on my hands, I tend to wait at least 8 weeks between cuts. I've moved on to find a much healthier hairdresser relationship-one that loves me back.
<review# 464,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/24/2010,10/31/2010,99,250,2,4,3>I like mexican but for me it's all about the cilantro, lime, and fresh picos which is certainly not the backbone of Nasvhille's Mexican food scene.  However the papusas at Las Americas (which ironically have no cilantro, iime, or pico) have become the only fried Mexican fair locally that causes me to close my eyes and groan subtly.  They are this corn pancake filled with anything from simply cheese to beans, pork and cheese, to pork rinds.  I've tried them all and I'm a purist, I like the plain ole cheese.   Now what takes them from something really tasty to something you daydream about at work is the cabbage topping along with the homemade salsas.  I'm so glad I indulged my crazy and tried this because this combination is inspired from a higher being.  One papusa is almost a meal in of itself but in case you need to supplement , I highly recommend the carnitas ( tacos I think)  i like the chicken ones which come with onions, lime, and cilantro and for $1.00 each which serve my need for a fresher lighter something.Drinks come in bottles so if you are not a big soda drinker then you can easily split a soda between two or three people.  The staff are extremely friendly even with a bit of a language barrier.    Venture out from your normal speedy gonzales, chimichanga fair and try this place, it really will change your life.
<review# 465,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/18/2010,10/30/2010,66,262,3,6,3>Some thrift stores have tons and tons of stuff where you feel like you just walked into a hoarders house.  They have a medium amount and the items they have work, and are in good shape. You can tell these folks care about their store. On the day we went thrift shopping, this was the best stop!We found a working, good shape fooseball table here for $10. We also almost bought a sofa for $50 just to have. The store is clean (for a thrift store) and the people working there recommended some other places to look for stuff. We wanted to know the inside scoop of all things thift- and these folks were in the know. We werent able to haul the fooseball table home the night we bought it so they gave us a few days to pick it up. If i don't yelp for a few weeks, it's because I'm too busy perfecting my Foosball skills. GOOOOOOOAAALLLL!!
<review# 466,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/20/2010,10/29/2010,35,79,5,5,5>Love, love, LOVE the Book Gallery! I go through books like most people go through facebook statuses. And reading that much begins to be an expensive hobby, that's where Franklin Book Gallery comes in. It's a discount book store, but not a used book store, which is fantastic if you're like me and have insanely bad allergies. The people working there are really nice and helpful. I'm a little amazed they know what they do and don't have since the store's a little different and just has in what they happen to have in. This is not a place to go if you're looking for something specific, though. It's kind of like a TJ Maxx for books. You go knowing you like certain authors or genres and see what they have. Which could get frustrating if you're a picky reader, but the prices are jaw-dropping. I got a bigger paperback (or a trade paperback for those of you who have ever worked in a bookstore) that would normally cost $14 for $5. It's a great little store with a sense of humor: they have two big rocks they use to hold the doors open on nice days named "Bonnie" and "Clyde". And if you like their facebook page you'll find out about their deals and you can get a different book each week on a severe discount.
<review# 467,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/19/2010,10/28/2010,35,199,3,5,3>I love this place!  It's like a small, more local version of Whole Foods.  I think I shop here at least 3 or more times a week, and regularly stop here for coffee.  You can't beat a 54 cent refill in your mug!I love the focus on local organic produce.  Though they may not have every single thing you're looking for, they've got most of it covered.  Usually have what is in season, and lots of pantry staples.  I love the soup bar & the ready made stuff (sandwiches, wraps, salads, etc).  I love that I can get Amazaki here!  Locally made cheeses, regional responsibly raised chickens, supplements, and good local bread.  Yum!The people that work there are great - especially Elizabeth.  I don't know all the other people's names but she just always is especially nice.  I will continue to shop at this place for many years to come!And yes, the rumors are true: New Turnip Truck location opening in the Gulch!
<review# 468,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/13/2010,10/27/2010,69,295,4,4,3>I asked my co-worker to name a place that has really good food because I didn't feel like cooking tonight. She suggested Darfon's which was a great choice!The atmosphere was cozy and laid back. The customer serivce was awesome! There was a nice bar off in the distance. I like the fact that the water was filtered and they brought out my own personal bottle of cold water for refills. Quite refreshing I might add........... :)I ordered the crab cakes as a starter and it tasted ok. I'm used to crab cakes being cooked sort of harder with a crisp. The crab cakes were seared and topped with Remoulade sauce and garnised with a petite salad which was seasoned very well! As for the main course, French Quarter Pasta! It consisted of shrimp, chicken, andouille sausage, in olive oil with onions and peppers tossed with penne pasta, spicy tomato sauce and parmeansan cheese. By the way, you can get it as a Vegetarian dish, too! The pasta dish will fly you to heaven and back and then back to heaven again, honey! :) The waiter said the carrot cake, apple walnut crisp, and creme brulee were awesome! If only I had room for the creme brulee!As Arnold Swarchenegger says it best, "I'll be back"!
<review# 469,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/14/2010,10/26/2010,24,215,6,5,4>Take this review with a grain of salt, or a spoonful of sugar, or shot of bourbon, etc.  I have only been to Urban Flats during their Wine Down Wednesday Happy hours.  The deal is you pay a flat fee and get to sample a wide selection of wines and munch on flatbreads and other apps at a a small Buffet.  This might be the best happy hour deal in Nashville.  It is basically all the wine you can (read: should) drink and you get to sample a ton of their flatbreads and other goodies.  Also, you get to chill out in a great location and watch all of the trendy Nashvillians in their natural element (hint: I do not fall into that description).  It is such a good deal I am actually wondering why I am writing this.  Come to think of it, ignore everything I just said!  Urban Flats is great.....except for Wednesdays, yeah definitely don't want to crowd in there on a Wednesday.
<review# 470,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/19/2010,10/25/2010,122,201,2,7,4>The newest and most loved establishment in East Nashville & Riverside Village, Village Pub & Beer Garden opened its doors on Sunday, April 18, 2010! We ventured over for this sure to be grand event and was not disappointed. They have a variety of beers on tap - PBR, Yuengling Black & Tan, Abita Turbo Dog, Magic Hat, Yazoo Dos Perros, Yazoo Pale Ale, Sam Adams Lager, Fat Tire, Pilsner Urquell, Smithwick's, Guinness, and Hoegaarden and excellent choice of bottle brews - Bud, Bud Lt, Miller Lt, High Life, Mich Ultra, Lowenbrau, Stella Artois, Yazoo Hefe, Boddinton's, and Strongbow. They have a food menu that is also on par. We had the pretzels with Yazoo beer cheese dip. Oh my. Party in my...mouth! The pretzels have a rich dark oven baked look with a very soft inside. These are not your average cheap bar pretzels. We also had the shrimp cocktail. The shrimp came rimming a martini glass filled with cocktail sauce and horseradish. They have cheese plates, antipasta dishes, etc. More lending to the share with your friends and snack while you drink lineup; the food is featured by Mitchell's Deli - yelp.com/biz/mitchell-de They have two draft sizes...the standard 16oz pour or the mighty 24oz stein. Why waste your time? Go big! And, get tone with your 24oz curls while drinking. The seating here lends itself to community drinking. The inside, smoke free, has pub style long tables where you pony up when looking to chat away with strangers. Or, good friends. There is only one TV on the inside bar. The owners, the Hamiltons, want you to focus on the conversation, not the tube. Outside, there is a wrap around deck where you are able to puff away and enjoy your beverage in the sun. There is also standing room outside. The ambiance is calming and very homey. They play on the pub theme and have simple decorations setting this experience. Short tables, picnic style tables, pub tables, a center bar with seats and lots of leaning room, you will be sure to find the spot that you can now call yours. Yazoo is the house beer. They also have a full bar. There are several businesses in the area that share a parking lot. They encourage patrons to carpool, bus it (#20 Scott, #4 Shelby - nashvillemta.org), bike ride and walk as much as possible. Also, taking a cab is always a safe bet.This is the "new spot" of the Eastside. The staff were quick, fun, and very welcoming. Hours of operation are MONDAY - THURSDAY: 4pm - Midnight, FRIDAY & SATURDAY: 11:30am - 1am, SUNDAY: 11:30am - Midnight. Porch Drinkin' Time!!!
<review# 471,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/4/2011,8/7/2011,126,270,3,5,4>This isn't your baby's paint by number! I loved the class at the Wine and Easel in the Cool Springs area! Unlike other "paint while you drink places" the Wine and Easel sets themselves apart by pre-outlining the painting prior to your arrival. I assure you, it saves time but that doesn't mean that the techniques and interpretation are any less complex! The class I attended was around 3 hours of stroking (with breaks of course!). The instructor was quite entertaining and assistants were always available for pointers. In the end, we had a masterpiece landscape of the Nashville skyline. When you register for the class online you can choose the painting you wish to own in your home. The classes range from $25 (afternoon) to $35 (evening) for adults and $25 (for our friends under 12). The cost includes all the painting supplies and they provide cups for your adult beverage that you are encouraged to bring! Not only is the class ideal for dates or bachelorette parties but for kids too! And with wine or beer and a group of people painting, how could you not walk out with 35 new friends???
<review# 472,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/3/2011,8/6/2011,51,203,,5,3>After a number of terrible haircuts at the local Supercuts, I finally gave up trying to be frugal about it and went to Kamee Spears at Salon Fx, recommended by a friend. She gave me the best haircut I've had in a long time, certainly the best in Nashville. She took my confused description of what I wanted (side bangs, layers) and turned it into a work of art. She clearly knew exactly what she was doing. She was friendly and quick, and I came out with a great haircut and walked back to work. Perfect, why didn't I do this before? Vandy students get a discount, so ask when you pay. 4 stars because I had to wait awhile to get started, there was some disorganization during the lunch hour.
<review# 473,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/19/2011,8/5/2011,63,108,,11,7>This is my 2nd favorite thrift store in Nashville.  It is big and not terribly cramped full of merchandise.  Huge book selection, and they seem to do a lot of 50% off book sales from time to time.The coolest thing about this place is that I found my biggest thrift store score here a couple months ago.  I was looking for a new, inexpensive desk for my home office.  While I was there, they announced that all office furniture was 50% off for the rest of the night.  I managed to swing a nice big desk for $15 that would have easily cost $150 on Craigslist.  BUT... that's not even the good part.  In one of the aisles, I spotted a distressed leather, tufted, executive chair.  It was in great shape.  It was marked $60 but now suddenly on sale for $30.  I lifted up the seat and recognized the name and knew it was good quality.  I get the thing home and look it up online.  Depending on the leather you get... the chair retails for $3000-$7000!!!  Wow!  Best buy I've ever found in a thrift store.Check this place out and find your own treasure.
<review# 474,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/22/2010,8/4/2011,26,67,2,6,5>for a little context, I should tell you that I've lived in thailand, and when people say, "didn't you just love the food?" my answer is "not always." thai food can be great, but my favorite dishes are simple things like fried rice and barbequed chicken and northern spicy sausages, and i'm not usually a curry fan. so many thai restaurants make their reputation on their pad thai (i'm not a fan of the spices in pad thai) or dishes that aren't really like people eat in thailand at all. thai phooket does a good job. i have to confess that i generally get fried rice here, since that is something i eat all the time in thailand. i prefer basic chicken or pork fried rice, but the drunken fried rice was tasty too. and the flavor is spot on. their chicken satay is a generous portion. the fresh rolls are good, the curries are authentic... it's all around good basic food.now, the location might not be to everyone's liking, but it's darned convenient, right across from lp field, with plenty of parking. the service is always friendly and efficient, too.it's one of my go-to places for sure.
<review# 475,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/25/2011,8/3/2011,194,461,6,6,7>When it's hot out I can't eat, I can do three things:1. Stand wedged in between the freezer and the freezer door.2.  Float around on a lazy river or if I'm broke lay in a baby pool sans baby3.  Drink beer. A cold, thirst-quenching beer.So, well you know how to do numbers 1 and 2 but 3.  Where would I go to get said beer? Yazoo of course!  The inside is airconditioned so it's almost like number 1 as well.  I love that it's local, they want to stay small and respect the craft.  They are also very friendly and informed.  Take a tour if you get a chance!  When you are done they have a patio to enjoy.  That's where I prefer to park my rear and enjoy a cold beverage. I usually go with the Hef or Dos Perros but I have recently been into the Gerst.  I know this review is short but really there is not much to be said except "Support local beer!!"
<review# 476,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,7/7/2011,8/2/2011,35,95,2,6,3>There are about 3 major Korean restaurants around Nashville:- Korea House- Seoul Garden- Hae Woon DaeAll 3 are pretty good, but each do different things well.The food overall is on the salty side.  But Korea House do their soups (jigae) very well.  The prices are fair and you'll leave satisfied.
<review# 477,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/11/2011,8/1/2011,94,224,4,5,5>This little Nash-Mexi-ville joint is the jam!  I walked in VERY hungry on a VERY hot Saturday afternoon.  Much to my surprise, the place was packed inside and out.  I guess it really does draw the crowd we'd heard all about, and with right.  It surpassed my expectations.What did I expect?  A little more than a taco stand, I suppose.  In that respect, I was blown away.  The place was decorated in what looked to be local art, which was fun and relaxed and offered a small-town feel.  The restaurant was playing the likes of Johnny Cash and The Beatles, and that alone offered zero complaints from me.Boyfriend and I shared chips and queso, and then moved on (reluctantly) to our tacos - that queso is yummy!  I got the fish taco and the smoked brisket taco, and boyfriend got the Korean bbq taco and the lime chicken (or something like that?) taco. All I know was that the fried haddock was heavenly, and the brisket was perfectly seasoned and super smokey and delicious.  The table was pretty quiet other than "mmm" sounds, so I think boyfriend enjoyed his meal as well.I may have dipped my brisket taco in the queso, only to see the woman at the next table glance in my direction at that exact moment.  The look I received was most likely envy, although it may have been disgust.  No matter, boyfriend saw me do it, and jumped in on the fun.  Needless to say, the queso didn't last long.If you want fresh ingredients and flavor for $5.50, take a little visit to The Local Taco.  And if you're looking for an adult beverage, I did just so happen to see a sign boasting Pineapple Margaritas.  Yum!
<review# 478,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/20/2010,7/31/2011,55,201,4,12,8>It's not the Cleveland West Side Market or the Dekalb Farmers Market, but it's what we have here in Nashville, and it's better than nothing.  This place gets packed on Saturdays during their most popular time.  If you love cheese, they have it (Bloomy Rind).  If you love fresh organic produce, they have it (Delvin Farms).  If you love chocolate chip cookies, they have the best in Nashville (Dozen).   They have just about everything from hot sauces to international groceries...and locally produced meat.  Quick tip: On the weekends the Shreeji Market makes homemade sambosas and aloo paratha.  It makes for a perfect snack while you make your way around the market.
<review# 479,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/25/2011,7/30/2011,119,224,12,9,8>Are the reviews of Radnor lake intentionally hysterical?  Okay, I guess I am down with my little Radnor being the new ' Amazon. com 3 Wolf Shirt' (google it) of Nashville Yelp. I do still, however, suggest people look up 'Nature Reserve' and kindly learn the difference between that and 'park'.Wait, Ill do it for you...(good old wikipedia)Nature Reserve: A nature reserve (natural reserve, nature preserve, natural preserve) is a protected area of importance for wildlife (poor snakes included), flora, fauna or features of geological or other special interest, which is reserved and managed for conservation and to provide special opportunities for study or research. Park: A park is a protected area, in its natural or semi-natural state, or planted, and set aside for human recreation and enjoyment (yes, that means your children and their cheeto's and apple sauce), or for the protection of wildlife or natural habitats (the wildlife being 'monkeys' on a jungle gym).As you can see Radnor Lake is NOT a park and should not be reviewed as one. There are plenty of 'parks' in Nashville you can play in if that is your jam. Radnor is my jam though! I love the quiet and sunsets at Radnor - spectacular colors and the owls, deer and turtles. The staff is always pleasant enough to me - friendly even, but then again, I follow the rules. The one off star is for the aforementioned parking issue. I reccommend going on a weeknight or EARLY on a weekend.Also - runners on the trails? I'd like the joggers to haul gravel up those huge hills and then still complain about not being able to jog over it and mess it up.
<review# 480,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/30/2010,7/29/2011,23,91,,5,3>Well, I have attempted going to Patterson House before but the wait here has always been ridiculous and I understand it is for a reason. I went to Patterson House on a Saturday evening and had to wait for about 45 minutes. Well, it was worth it. I had some excellent drinks. First, I had the Corpse Reviver No 2 which was very good but could have been better. I think the lime juice was not fresh and this degraded the quality of my reviver a little bit but overall I was happy to find this drink in a bar in nashville. I think this probably is the only place where you can find this drink in nashville. I have asked the bartenders at a couple of other places and they had no idea what i am talking about. My second drink was a Moscow something drink and it was simply fabulous. That was about it for me for the night because I had to drive. But I will be back for more with a designated driver.I am pretty sure that you can not go wrong by ordering anything on the menu here. The bartenders here definitely know what they are doing. I have not had food here but heard that the small plates are pretty good. Overall, if you are looking for original drinks in Nashville, this is THE place to go. you will find very original drinks here. Highly recommended.
<review# 481,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/11/2011,7/8/2011,10,306,6,9,7>Stopped by today to see the Vishnu exhibit at the Frist. Hinduism generally mystifies me and I knew next to nothing about the god Vishnu going into the exhibit, but fortunately we happened to show up right before a 1:30 docent tour.Since there were not many other visitors on a Monday afternoon, the tour ended up being a private explanation of the exhibition and some of the theology behind the artwork.It was fascinating and even if I don't know a huge amount about Vishnu now, I know about 500% more than I did going in.Which makes it that much easier to appreciate the art.I highly encourage all Nashvillians and tourists to attend this exhibit, some of which includes incredibly detailed manuscript paintings that were made using brushes with a single bristle made from the hair of a SQUIRREL!Seriously people, squirrel hair art. Why is this exhibit not overflowing with visitors 24/7?I had to scurry home to stay ahead of the weekly tornadic line storms, but I'll be back to peruse the exhibit more closely.As for the Frist in general, I wish there was a core permanent collection, but I still love most of the traveling shows I've seen there. My favorite was probably the one last year (?) that highlighted the work of Thomas Hart Benton, but I can't wait to see what else the Frist has up its sleeves for 2010 and beyond.My only complaint? I wish the Frist had free parking for members. I would happily pay a bit more for annual membership if member parking was free or more heavily discounted than it currently is.PS - Did you know the Frist has free music in the lobby from 6-8 p.m. most Thursday and Friday evenings? It's generally quite good and classier than a barrel of tuxedo-clad monkeys.
<review# 482,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/19/2011,7/7/2011,108,86,3,8,7>Y'know those times where you've been out all night, perhaps have imbibed too much in the process and forgot to eat dinner? Select fast food chains are really the only thing open and it's either stomaching greasy fries or driving clear across town (which isn't a good idea) for some IHOP pancakes.Bless Athens for giving Nashville another option.A beacon of light for hungry night owls, Athens has a huge menu of delicious Greek fare.Menu items worth noting: Spanakopita and the Feta & Olive Medley. If I'm in a breakfast-y mood? The egg-white spinach and feta omelet! I'm totally obsessed with their potatoes, too... mashed and fried on a griddle.As if that wasn't enough, the service is fantastic! During our last visit with our boisterous party of 6 for brunch, the waitress was jumping right in and laughing with us. We loved it.Parking is decent but limited (read: fills up quick during lunch/brunch rushes). Can't find a spot? Head out of the lot and take a left, parking in the old movie theater lot. The block-long walk will be good for you.Oh, and did I mention Athens is located right across the street from Melrose Pub? I think I just dictated your Friday night plans.
<review# 483,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/5/2011,7/6/2011,409,334,5,4,2>Slightly out of the way but still a must-see while in Nashville, the Loveless Cafe is a charming little breakfast spot serving good old southern food that will likely send you into diabetic coma or a state of utter bliss (your choice). When my Dad came to visit, this was our first stop before heading out to the plantations and Jack Daniel's Distillery so we were prepared to load up on some yummy food. The first and best thing is simplyTHE BISCUITSyep. They sell them in big bags in the hokey gift shop, and they bring you a plate of them on the house to start. And whoooooo weeeeeee are they some good eats! (Mind you Asians don't typically say stuff like this and yet here I am). Light, moist, yet completely delicious on their own. Almost a surreal combination of buttery saltiness on its own with the sweetness you might expect from a pastry. Add butter and jam and it's even better. Dad had the ham, I had the steak biscuits with grilled beef tenderloin. His ham steak was uber salty and a bit tough to eat. My steak biscuits were alright - meat was a little dry - but what made up for it was the hashbrown casserole, loaded with cheese and potatoes. Yum!You must take a pass through the super touristy gift shop at the end. Not necessarily to buy anything but just to say you did. You won't regret it!
<review# 484,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/5/2010,7/5/2011,19,41,4,4,7>Dear Oak Bar, Hi, how are you? I love you.  I really do.  I love that you make me feel like I'm not in Nashville.  I love that I feel so classy and cool everytime I'm there without the "stuff".  I love your deviled eggs and pimento cheese and how you put the booze in my mixed drinks in a seperate little glass.  Malia (she works there), my love for you too!  I love how everytime I'm there I run into a weirdo celebrity.  I love how when I'm there I wonder where everyone is from and why they are in Nashville.  I even love when I get my bill and it's a little higher than another bar because the atmosphere is worth that extra little bit you'd spend elsewhere.  And there's free valet parking.  I love the history, the architecture.. the almost feel in NY vibe.  Mesmerizing.Yours forever, ME
<review# 485,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/19/2011,7/3/2011,113,78,3,3,4>Dear Renae - aka - Owner and Hair Stylist Extraordinaire at Lucy Pop,  Thank you for the fabulous "5 Star" treatment today.  From the moment I walked into your adorable salon (which is a cute house that made me want to remodel my own place), I was impressed with your high level of excellent customer service, the adorable and relaxing atmosphere you've created, the level of expertise and knowledge about hair and style, and so much more.  It was truly a treat, and I will absolutely see you in 6 short weeks.   I. Can't. Wait.Sincerely,Kaitlynps-you're amazing. :)I walked into Lucy Pop and was greeted, taken into the waiting room, and asked what I would like to drink.  A few moments later I was escorted to Renae's station where she gave me a quick consultation, and analyzed what in the world to do with the sad mop on my head.  She showed me options and suggestions on her cute lil' iPad, and then went to work.  I went to the "Color Haven" room, which again is adorable, where Renae applied pure magic to my hair.  I don't know what else to call it.  I have been searching and trying to find a stylist that knows BLONDE since I moved to Nashville.  Yay for me, I found her!  It looks natural, it compliments my skin tone, it is the perfect shade of blonde for me.  (Thank you to Dane for the glorious hair wash, and head rub, too!)  After the color and gloss application, I got a trim, and blow dry.  Renae told me exactly how to manage my hair, and the best way for me to blow dry my locks.  Thanks lady!  Following that, she got out her magic scissors (seriously, where does she get all of this magic stuff?) and transformed the shape of my hair so that it complimented the shape of my face.  I was really pleased.The experience was great, and I am excited for my next trip back.  If you're looking for a new salon - check out the amazing stylists at Lucy Pop.  I am confident no matter which stylist you get, you will be extremely happy.    Also...they have a Blow Dry Bar...be sure to check that out!  I may be starting my "bar tab."
<review# 486,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/1/2011,7/2/2011,98,238,2,6,3>I found out about this store shortly after moving to Nashville, even before I knew about MTAC (Middle Tennessee Anime Convention), and I have to say, if not for Performance Studios, I probably never would have gotten into Cosplay to the extent that I have.In a nutshell, where The Score of Cool Springs is Game Stop on steroids, Performance Studios is Party City (at least in terms of costumes) on steroids. Now, granted their busiest time is Halloween, these people have everything year around, I even once saw a musket-sword there perfect for a steampunk final fantasy cosplay.Their selection is second to none, as they carry not only what most other places do around halloween, but even high quality costumes to either rent or purchase. The staff there is very knowledgeable and has always helped me find to complete a costume, even offering to special order items they don't have in stock. Also, when it comes to finding the hard to find parts and props for a costume, short of going to the internet, Performance studios is your best bet, Hands Down! Honestly, some of their product is of high enough quality for professional theater productions.Now beyond the selection and top notch customer service that for me, guarantee's my 100% customer loyalty to them, only a few other companies in town have such a level of service and product (see the list in my profile).Also, just as a bonus points, if you could possibly need any other reason to get your costume here vs anywhere else. From what I know, Performance Studios has been recognized for being one of the major local businesses hiring military vets in Middle Tennessee.They have a staff of professional hair and makeup artists, which I think are by appointment only.
<review# 487,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,2/8/2011,7/1/2011,23,333,2,5,3>Overall: Unique flavors for both food & drink.Food/Drink: It's one of the only places in town to get a bison burger. Don't let the name scare you, (it was my first one, too) but it was juicy and toppings (especially the blue cheese & gorgonzola sauce) really compliment the meat. The only side option (aside of paying extra for a salad) is kettle chips. Out of a bag. If you're feeling indulgent, another good dinner option is the gorgonzola chicken pasta. There are a few salad & wrap options if you're looking for something a little more health-minded, but I doubt there's anything on the menu that's uber healthy. The restaurant infuses its own vodka, and being a vodka girl, that makes me happy. My first experience went something like this me: "can you suggest a flavor?" bartender: "bubble gum" me: *blank stare* "really?" *long pause* "ok." But I'm actually glad I went with the recommendation! It tasted exactly like bubble gum without being overwhelming. I suppose the point of my story is this: there are like 100 (ok, maybe 20) flavors so think outside the box.Service/Atmosphere: I've never had to wait for a table and the service is decent. It's hasn't ever taken a super long time to get food, but it isn't especially quick either. As far as atmosphere, it's right off lower Broad but it does do a fairly good job at distancing itself from the honky tonks. It's very exposed-brick-narrow-alley-ish-rustic but I think it kind of works with the menu. Cost: Bison burgers are $12 (which I'll admit is pricy for a burger) and infused vodka drinks I estimate to be about $6. Salads & wraps are in the average price range.
<review# 488,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/30/2011,6/30/2011,57,11,5,10,5>This place has been reviewed by everyone I know, and more so I'll be about as short and concise as possible.AMAZING pho.AMAZING Banh Mi. Bring cash.Don't come on Monday.I haven't found Vietnamese to top it yet. But I'm still looking.
<review# 489,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/2/2011,6/29/2011,46,758,5,4,3>I got a coffee stain on my expensive silk tie.  Nashville cleaners was able to get it out.  The same tie, apparently cursed, now has a butter stain on it.  Hopefully they can work their magic again.  Highly recommended!
<review# 490,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/20/2010,6/28/2011,96,26,3,9,7>I'm waaaay beyond the late night age demographic for Cabana, but it's the perfect spot for an early evening, after-work drink and catch-up with some friends you've been missing.And I'm even more likely to head to Cabana now that I've just downloaded their new iPhone app (see the menu, make a rez, etc.). Love that some Nashville local businesses are adding apps (and that this one was done locally by the crew at Sitemason).
<review# 491,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/29/2012,7/14/2013,54,150,1,4,2>Friday lunch special of two specialty slices and a soft drink for $7.80? Yes please. While I love Pizza Perfect's kid sister Kay Bob's a little bit more, I definitely will stop in here for lunch once in awhile. My only qualm with Pizza Perfect is that the ordering/paying situation is kind of awkward when you are getting a specialty slice. Upon walking in it feels like you IMMEDIATELY have to know what you want (if there's a line) and it's kind of tough to look around at the specialty pies to figure out what toppings are on it, etc. Then you order (with a little help from the pizza person) which goes great! You're feeling good about your choices! Excited, even! Then you head to the cash register to pay. Friday lunch special, please! The crushing blow comes when the cashier asks what the slices are CALLED. Uhhhhhhh..... the one with spinach? You don't know!  You get a little flustered but the cashier handles it fine and then you're on the way to Pizzatown.
<review# 492,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/4/2013,7/13/2013,15,135,,5,1>Oh my...  I'm in heaven..  A store where I can drink beer, buy packaged beer, fill growlers, and buy home brewing supplies?  Where have you been my whole life?Craft Brewed is my new favorite place to drink beer.  They have a ton of stuff on tap that changes daily.  You can also buy beer by the bottle.  There is a small bar to drink at or a long table down the center of the main room.  They also have a dart room and a room where they sell home brewing supplies.It just doesn't get any better.... Or does it?  Yes it does.  Because Craft Brewed is working to expand the store and add a high gravity side.  I can hardly wait for that to be complete.  The only downside is parking.  The front lot fills up quickly.  There is however, a lot behind the store.  It's down a small alley and hard to see, but it's worth the journey.  You won't be disappointed.
<review# 493,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/4/2012,7/12/2013,51,203,2,5,3>So far, this is the best pho I've had in Nashville! I've been around to the other places around Charlotte and in terms of flavor and the sweet scent of pho on your clothes when you leave, this place reeks of authenticity. The place was also filled with other Vietnamese people, so that was a good sign. The variety in pho wasn't there so much- there's only the beef variety, so no luck for those who want chicken. But it was certainly tasty, with good portions and fair price. The soybean milk was a little sweet. But otherwise, it was definitely good. I'm looking forward to trying the other items on the menu. While it isn't the best I've had, it's the best I've had here and that definitely counts for something.
<review# 494,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/2/2013,7/11/2013,26,56,3,6,6>I'm sure the joke has been made a thousand times over, but the owners of Sweet 16th, Dan and Ellen Einstein, are geniuses at baking! More than just a traditional sweets and baked treats shop, Sweet 16th has one of my favorite breakfast items in all the land: the One to Go. It's a slice of a delicate egg casserole with green chiles sandwiched between one of their delicious cheddar cheese scones. Costing just under $3, it's warm and filling and is an absolutely phenomenal start to anyone's morning. Pair it up with one of their Drew's Brews coffees and you're set to go. But there's so much more than breakfast...They also have a cold case with several specialty salad creations. My favorites so far have been the Quinoa Salad that includes peppers, black beans, corn and a few other tasty inclusions, and the Anytime Salad that has artichokes, couscous, corn, beans and a few other veggies. At one time, they offered a Chipotle Pecan soup (which has been my all-time favorite), but if they don't have that, then I would still try whatever soup of the day they have.Now, if you've come here for something sweet, then you must try any of the freshly baked treats in their bakery case. From scones to cakes, danishes to muffins, they have something that can satisfy any sweet tooth. If you're lucky, you'll get to try the Yazoo Beer Chocolate Bread Pudding, and you'll be thankful that you did.There is some seating if you want to hang around, but if you're uncomfortable in small, tight spaces, you might want to get your order to go. Usually, there's a line on Saturday mornings, but it moves quickly and once you eat your purchase, you'll be forgetting your troubles in no time.
<review# 495,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/9/2013,7/10/2013,69,394,3,6,5>Tribe is perfect for so many occassions! I particularly love the Sunday afternoon showtunes singalong, with cheap pitchers and very cheap long islands. The singing can get loud, but it's such a fun time. Be sure to bring tip money for the DJ, or your favorite rendition of Don't Cry for me won't get airtime. It's also the perfect spot for a night cap after a tasty meal at Suzy Wong's.We recently did the Tribe and Play event for New Year's, and while Play is fun, I much prefer the low key, friendly and comfy atmosphere at Tribe.
<review# 496,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/30/2013,7/9/2013,110,90,,6,5>Another 12 South Neighborhood restaurant that has quite the selection of frothy libations. As the name infers, bevvies and food abide here. There is also a sizable patio area.I have been here several times and never had the same beer twice, and enjoyed every one. Every selection was recommended by the bartender who knew their stuff. I have only eaten here once. The food was pretty good but not super fantastic.The biggest negative of this place is parking. Twice I have pulled in to have dinner and pulled out a minute or two later because there isn't a parking spot available within a block or two. All in all the service was great, food was good, parking not so much...
<review# 497,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/4/2013,7/8/2013,814,132,9,7,8>Never thought I'd go inside a store like this one...however, the hot KY guy I was with, insisted on educating me on "country living" and I couldn't resist it! Not only does this store have lawn mowers, tillers, generators, workwear, gate openers, fences, air compressors, trailers, agriculture supplies, horse feed, lawn and garden tools, but they have LIVE BABY CHICKS and DUCKLINGS! The sweet chirping and quacking sounds from these baby yellow creatures will warm any heart up. Perfect gift for Easter if you have kids! They have adorable house coops with ladders, stairs, windows and window boxes! This store has just about anything you would need for any pet whether it be a dog, cat, cow, or horse at great deals! Customer service was great! Cleanliness of the store was astounding considering they have live animals indoors!  And no it did not smell like a farm when you entered the door!
<review# 498,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/17/2013,7/7/2013,50,357,,5,4>As I am a fan and regular customer of Wild Cow and Ugly Mug's, I happened to see the sign for the baby boutique behind the coffee shop. My best friend's baby was about to turn one, so I thought I would give this place a shot for an interesting gift idea. I did in fact find what I was looking for - a leakproof reusable baby swim diaper. Rosie Posie is full of cute items like these that are both adorable and practical and earth-friendly. If you want to make your own baby food, Rosie Posie has great travel containers. If you want to cloth diaper, Rosie Posie has the system (with disposable liners to make the process a lot less icky).  There are lots of items to make baby's life more comfortable and mom's life easier too. What I would like to see: more stuff. The store feels emptier than it needs to. I think the ladies who run it need more inventory and more displays. More, more, more. Nashville needs this.
<review# 499,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/24/2013,7/6/2013,9,87,2,4,3>An organic food-lovers nirvana/heaven/paradise, WHATEVER YOU WANT TO CALL IT, IT'S FREAKIN' AWESOME.Vegan, Vegetarian, or just a health nut, you'll love this place! Not a preservative or GMO in sight!!I haven't tried the food bar, but when I came here to grab a snack and waste some time with the wifi I was more than impressed with the culinary collection.You have to pay a little more for the quality of food here, but if you're really trying to eat actual natural food with no scientific modifications, it's worth it. It's better to pay a tiny bit more for healthy food than to pay a bajillion dollars for medical bills down the road.
<review# 500,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/26/2012,7/5/2013,14,10,4,6,6>HO HO HO, MERRY COUGH-MAS!I know what you're thinking: he's going to complain about the smoke. That's true, I am. However, let me start by saying that this place RULES. There's crazy graffiti on the outside walls, pretension-free karaoke, two-dollar beers, and a cool, calm bartender who is the namesake of the place. It's amazing. Plus, everything is in a renovated double-wide with a pool table, plenty of tables, a "stage," and immaculate bathrooms. One of my friend's has proclaimed that it's "the happiest place on earth." Based on my first few visits, I can't disagree with that. Everyone that was there seemed to be having a blast.Really, the only downside is the heavy blanket of smoke. (I know that this is the second bar review in which I've complained about the smoke, but I promise that I won't do it that often.)
<review# 501,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/5/2012,1/27/2013,75,33,9,7,7>The Speckled Hen is one of those rare meals that can possibly change your life. My first encounter was at a recent night market, it was me and a braised short rib sliders with okra chow chow on a biscuit. Upon taking the first bite I had one of those experiences that you can only compare to finding Jesus or the night your band opened for the White Stripes. It inexorably altered me as a person, the flavor profiles washed over me like a baptism and I came out a changed man. My wife walked over to see why I was dancing with an absence of music, upon sampling it she proceeded to reenact one of those mid 90's herbal essences commercials. Since then Sunday brunch at Speckled Hen has become a weekly ritual. Every week the menu changes based on what's available and whats good. Check it out one (or every) Sunday.
<review# 502,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/8/2012,1/25/2013,47,141,2,6,2>Demos' isn't super fancy, but it's in a great location in Downtown Nashville (near the Ryman)! Plus-- the food was good and the portions generous-- all at a great price! In my book, that's a combo that will get you 5 stars!To start things off-- I got the chicken and rice soup, which was so tasty (it's an option that comes with an entree). I wanted to ask for a second serving, but I had to save room for the rest of the meal. The fact that you can get a steak for under $15 is pretty awesome. I got a bacon-wrapped filet which was so juicy and tasty and my husband got the top sirlion, which was cooked to perfection. I loved the signature spaghetti side you can get with the steak too.We also ordered a beer but our total stayed under $30. That's so rare for two steak dinners and a drink! The people who work here were super friendly-- and there isn't much I could complain about. This will be a must-stop before my next concert or event downtown! Keep in mind-- they can get pretty busy Fridays and Saturday nights. Don't be intimidated by a line you'll likely see out the door-- we almost did, but the wait was under 25 minutes and well worth it.
<review# 503,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/23/2012,1/24/2013,120,286,3,12,7>I didn't move to Tennessee to buy my meat from a Kroger.I called around to local "butcher shops" to find a great quality meat for Christmas. Every single one of them could not tell me exactly where they got their beef from. Then I called C & F and the "F" answered the phone. Fred told me while he wasn't open today for retail he was there working so come on down and he would show me where the beef was from.  He gave me a tour, showed me where the meat was processed, and even let me inspect the equipment. This guy is serious about his livelihood and I would feel remiss if I ever bought my meat from anyone else. I cannot wait to try some of the other cuts and animals.
<review# 504,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,7/24/2012,1/23/2013,24,215,5,6,5>The Pharmacy should be one of my favorite establishments in Nashville.  The Pharmacy is 1.5 miles from my house, it's older sibling and next door neighbor Holland House is maybe my favorite bar/restaurant in Nashville, I like Burgers and I love Beer.  So why is this rating not higher?  I guess I should start with what works.  The Pharmacy has done an excellent job taking an abandoned daycare and turning it into a pretty inviting restaurant and beer garden.  The inside is very pubby (not a word, but still accurate) and the patio and outdoor areas they are top notch.  The beer selection and handmade phosphate sodas are also excellent.  The Pharmacy is one of the rare places in Nashville where I can enjoy a drink with my son and not be arrested (he is 6, and don't worry we bike there).   To top off the list of positives the selection of sausages that are made in house are very good although they always seem to be sold out of the exact one that I want.  Where the Pharmacy unfortunately really falls short is right there in the title of the restaurant.  I am simply not that crazy about the burgers.  They are not bad, but when your point of pride is burgers I have my expectations set pretty high.  I have also had more than a couple Meester Burgers right next door and they are far superior to what the Pharmacy serves.  The biggest flaw in the burger is also one that they have touted the most, the potato bun specifically designed for the Pharmacy by Provence.  I simply do not like that bun.  It is soft, feels half baked and after about 30 seconds exposure to one of the heavier burgers like the Farm Burger it turns into mush.  This may be a personal preference, but I wonder if there was another bun option (a toasted kaiser roll perhaps) on the menu how many people would go for it.  At it's best a burger is the perfect combination of bread, meat and toppings.  When one of those three is something that I would not buy at Kroger then you have a problem.  That also leads me to what I think may be the biggest thing that is holding The Pharmacy back.  As soon as they opened they were a huge success.  I mean lined up slammed can't keep up with the orders success.  As an owner why would you want to mess too much with something that is pulling in tons of people regardless of the night?  They did make some welcome tweaks and improve the fries (which were sub-par at launch), but you have to wonder if they have missed making more improvements because they have had nothing but success.  I know for a fact that when Holland House launched they had some slow nights and there were serious questions whether they would make it from the community.  HH adjusted, kept getting better and became a premier establishment.  I wonder if without the same challenges the Pharmacy will ever follow suit.  I am still pulling for The Pharmacy and I will no doubt be back, but it is not the every week gotta stop in Neighborhood meeting place that I had initially hoped for.  High expectations are a beast sometimes.
<review# 505,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/14/2012,1/22/2013,217,312,17,16,14>My visit here was a highly-classified covert operation.(You know, because I came here without my wife.)However, what a treat!  In the land of TGIO'Crapplebees, something truly cool and unique!  I love living out in Bellevue, or as I like to call it, The Vue.  It is quiet, traffic is very reasonable, it is easy to sneak into Franklin/Cool Springs or Downtown/Midtown.  There are the Warner Parks, The Loveless, Cheekwood, the world's most expensive private school, Ensworth, and there is the opportunity to murder deer with your car any time you want!The only downside is for the most part, the eating out options are rather limited to fast food and chain-heavy establishments.  We have a couple of bars, Alley, Corner Pub in the Woods and Brewhouse 100, all of which are meh, and not really desirable unless you like Budweiser on draft, eating blocks of grease, or are a middle-aged tattooed weekend biker.Enter PUBLICITY!10 BAD-ASS BEERS ON DRAFT!  Rogue! Hoegaarden!  Lagunitas! Köstritzer! And locals like Schlafly, Blackstone and Yazoo!  Notice how there is no shitty beer listed.  They may have it in bottles, but you have to ask for it and I will judge the shit out of you.  The menu is great, lots of options like salads, steak sandwiches, shepherd's pie, kalamari, fish tacos - basically all of the noshes that go well with beer n booze.  I came in at a strange time of day, so I got great attention and an opportunity to get a good look around.  Beautiful wood-paneled walls, rich wooden tables, fantastic ambiance.  The server was prompt and very friendly.  Did not hesitate to make suggestions on beer and food.  I started off with a nice dark Köstritzer and the charcuterie plate.  The beer really hit the spot and the plate did the job.  And one of my biggest pet peeves with charcuterie assortments is when there are not enough things to eat with the meat and cheese (bread/crackers, etc).  Not a problem here, as there were plenty of crackers.  Included on the plate were two kinds of crackers, stone ground mustard, basalmic vinegar, grapes, a smoked cheese, a brie, some sort of salami slices, and some sort of cured ham.  Hit the spot and perfect pairing.  The only thing that I would like to have seen on here was perhaps some bread slices, pickled anything and maybe some nuts.For round 2, I hit the Moules Frites and the Rogue they had on draft.  Just perfect.  The frites were waffle fries, and the mussels were quite tasty and I am still alive!  Success!The only bummer I can see here is the hours of operation.  They close at 9PM, which is generally when the best/worst decisions are just getting started.  How can I misbehave if you don't give me the chance, Publicity?!  Work with me, people!
<review# 506,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/2/2012,1/21/2013,98,238,3,7,6>Finally, a kaiten sushi bar closer to home. What was once a ho-hum asian buffet is now an awesome sushi restaurant featuring conveyer belt sushi! The prices for any given plate range from 99 cents (for an all veggie roll), to $4.00.My fiancee and I waited for what seemed like forever for this place to open, and when it did we were not disappointed. They have a great variety of sushi rolls and even some nigiri that circulate on the enclosed, chilled, conveyor. All you do is lift up the door next to your table, and reach in and grab what you want. I will say that this place just barely makes 5 stars as some of the rolls fell apart (never a good thing); but they make up for it with the variety and the fact that each line of sushi is preceded by a sign traveling on the conveyor telling you what type of sushi is next. Their spicy salmon and tuna rolls were amazing as were the regular ones. I did not find one bad roll on the line.So bring your money, cause it can add up really fast, and a big appetite, you will not be disappointed. That being said, if sushi is not your thing, they also have a selection of Chinese and Japanese dishes you can order straight from the kitchen.
<review# 507,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/28/2012,1/19/2013,126,270,3,7,4>I love love love S & Z. Tucked back behind the Yellow Porch and Applebee's plaza on Thompson Ln, sits this little gem. There are several tables both inside and out for studying or meeting purposes. My favorite part is the small coffee shop feel. It is personal. The staff are incredibly friendly. Can it get any better?It was a true Fall day and so a seasonal drink had to be ordered. When asked to pick between two options, the barista appeared to have been stabbed in the chest with my request as if she had to choose between one of her two children. But as soon as she mentioned that one tastes like Christmas, I was sold. The extra special spiced chai was my selection. Turns out my friend did the Solomon-type thing and ordered the other child option. The Davey Maebee, actually named after an employee combines honey and brown sugar into a savory and sweet coffee cocktail. I want to meet this Davey Maebee. I wonder if he would taste the same. The spice chai was nothing short of promised. It truly does taste like Christmas. It brought me so much cheer that I could have pooped reindeer with a smile on my face and a carol in my heart.If you are looking for a cool place off the beaten path or rather right under your nose, then try Sam and Zoe's.
<review# 508,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/28/2012,1/18/2013,12,6,,41,35>What a great new restaurant to put nashville in the right direction.  All fresh, farm to table, gluten free.  The new gem of nashville.Be sure to try the sesame tofu the garlic aioli sauce.
<review# 509,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/1/2012,1/17/2013,23,77,3,7,5>I've been to Tavern a few times, but in the past it's always been the spot I'd wind up in for a final drink of the evening after hanging out somewhere else. And I always liked it fine. They have a great strawberry jalapeno margarita. Now, however, after a recent stop there for brunch, I'm sold on the food! The wait for a table was a bit long, but not unheard of, for Sunday brunch (25-30 minutes). Even through throngs of people at the bar, the bartenders were quick to notice us and take our order. When we received our drinks (one bloody Mary and one blood orange mimosa) they inexplicably came along with two small wooden tokens. We were left puzzled: were these souvenirs or did they have a purpose? We slipped them in our pockets and were seated shortly after. Our server, Whitney, soon explained that the tokens were to be exchanged for a second (free!) drink of the same variety we ordered at the bar. I made a face - I was considering a sweeter breakfast, and didn't want another bloody Mary - so she offered to get me whatever I wanted instead. While I'm discussing Whitney, she deserves 5 stars for her service alone - she had to have been overwhelmed, but she was attentive and friendly and made some excellent suggestions. The food itself was creative and terribly interesting - I wanted to try everything but wound up with the Pain Perdu, which is essentially rocky road French toast. Whitney suggested that I order the plate with all the accoutrements on the side, so I could adjust the sweetness to my liking. And for good reason: fried bread crusted in Frosted Flakes (not kidding), marshmallows and chocolate sauce are a horrible choice for breakfast, but I was too intrigued to say no. And I wasn't disappointed - how could I have been?This is not the place to go if you want a quiet, relaxing Sunday brunch - it's loud and crowded and you can count on needing valet for parking - but it is a great place to see and be seen, to enjoy an inventive breakfast that you've probably never seen before, and enjoy a killer cocktail alongside it. I'll be back for brunch regularly.
<review# 510,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/15/2012,1/16/2013,23,71,2,9,3>Love this place! Yes, it is in a strip mall, but I overlook it because the food is great and the service falls all over themselves to make you happy.  The mixed grill entree is where it's at, you will get to try a little bit of each shish kabob, the rice and the yogurt sauce. They have the best hummus I have ever had, served with hot hot hot pita bread. (They also serve a thick soft bread with oil and herbs for free if you aren't into appetizers.) Love the baklava and Turkish coffee too.Large groups take note:  This past weekend we had a table of 18 in their private back room (no charge for this either, other than maybe adding a tip on automatically). They couldn't have been nicer or more accommodating, and even with 18 people all of our food came out within 3 minutes of each other. They were wonderful to our group. Highly recommend!
<review# 511,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/15/2010,6/4/2011,156,282,1,3,3>I would never gone to Nero's, partially due to its location and lack of novelty, if it weren't for a friend's suggestion.  We went to participate in Nashville Originals week, where local restaurants offer a several course meal for a bargain price.Though I didn't get to take a look at the menu in its entirety because the Originals menu was only a few select items, Nero's Grill seems to me to be an old-fashioned, organic (not in the hippie way, but the homegrown way), more authentic version of Longhorn and Outback Steakhouses are.  The stars of the menu are the meats - several beef cuts, and even elk and bison.  There are plenty of chicken and seafood dishes, and on the special menu we ordered off of I had a pasta primavera, so even vegetarians still have options.  Just about everything we had was really good. Here's what we had...The corn cakes: fried 3" in diameter cakes. Made of corn. Enough said.Their famous bean soup: yummy... I've written in other reviews how I love      beans, and this was a great soup. It was yummy to dip the corn cake in    the soup.Homemade chips with warm bleu cheese sauce: REALLY good.Tilapia with strawberry salsa: this was interesting.  The spiciness and    sweetness of the salsa threw us off a little bit.  The asparagus on the    dish were nicely prepared.Past primavera: I really enjoyed this.  The penne was awesome, tossed in a parmesan cream sauce and the veggies in the dish were sliced extremely thin and were quite al dente.  This was a surprisingly peppery dish, though it must have been white pepper as no black specs could be detected!Ice cream snowball in Heath: ya know... enjoyable. Though I would have REALLY preferred to try the peppermint ice cream snowball rolled in Oreo.Both entrees were a little salty, but I was really surprised at how much I enjoyed what I ate here and I'd recommend it.  This is of course being said without sampling Nero's staples - their meat!
<review# 512,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,10/12/2010,6/3/2011,193,147,4,6,4>BNA.... my home, at least a good portion of the time.... oh the things I'd change about you! I'll start with what I love.... because I do love some things at the Nashville airport... the biggest being the utter ease of security, it's a breeze! I've never waited longer than 10 minutes or so on any day of the week or any time of the day. TSA peeps are actually reasonably friendly (for TSA people anyway). Thankfully BNA now has TWO starbucks'... it used to have NONE (total bummer), but they aren't super convenient, depending on what concourse you're flying out of and what security line you go though. If you're not totally familiar with the airport, you may not find it. *** Note: The Starbucks' are located right on the otherside of security between Concourse A & B and another is located right near C-10 (where the main corridor of stores/restaurants are)I also love the flavor of the city of Nashville you get from our airport... everything from live bands playing (and they're good, generally) to country artists voices welcoming you to the Nashville International Airport to some of our "famous" eateries & bars (Tootsie's Orchid Lounge, Noshville Delicatessen, Whitts BBQ and Swett's Meat & 3). BNA gives you a good peek into what our city is all about, and I like that. Another favorite of mine is the super convenient Valet parking for a mere $22 bucks a day (which by airport parking and convenient get in/get out, can't be beat). Now for the bad... baggage claim... I don't know WHY but it takes FOREVER to get your bags to come through that little hole at BNA. I fly a lot, so I usually have that bright pink PRIORITY tag on my luggage, but priority it is not... they pay no attention, which is a bummer when I've been traveling for weeks and just want to go home! Customer services @ the restaurants/shops... severely lacking and for SUCH a hospitable city... I find this sort of a let down. It's visitors and tourism that really drive our city... and we're KNOWN for our southern charm... I'd love to see it shine at the airport... it's the gateway to Music City for a lot of people. Out of all the airports I've flown through, Nashville ranks in my top 10... and I hope the renovations continue because it really is getting better and better!!!!
<review# 513,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/14/2011,6/2/2011,4,20,4,5,5>Some people seem a little "bitter" that Lime is out and Tavern is in. I, for one, am not the least bit "sour" about this change.Every experience I had at Lime was wholly lackluster and one time, just plain rude/clueless. (The hostess apparently needed to finish a really important text message before she could seat the wife and I.) So I stopped going to Lime altogether and almost swore Tavern off too because I figured they slapped on some new paint, got new chairs, and re-opened. I am glad I went back though because I had a good experience here last Sunday. We were greeted at the door and promptly seated by a very courteous hostess. Within a minute or two our drinks were on the way and we were looking over the menu. The menu has something for everyone, but vege/pescetarians (like me) will find the menu a little limited. But name me a "pub" style place where that isn't the case...Amid the meat and chicken is salmon, fish tacos, and a catfish basket. There are also some apps that could be eaten as small plates in leui of a main dish.It was a cool, cloudy day and nachos seemed to fit the bill as an appetizer for some reason. We were really pleased with the presentation and the ingredients. There was an 'authentic' flavor to the nachos so don't expect yellow cheese on yellow chips with pickled jalapenos. Although not listed in the menu description for the nachos, we got a side of guac for $2.95 and were not disappointed. Tavern also has a trio of hot sauces in apothecary bottles (complete with eyedropper applicators) labeled X, XX, and XXX that we used liberally to kick the spice up a few notches. All were very good and had great flavor, but the eyedropper method of dispensing was gross to touch repeatedly while eating slightly messy/greasy nachos. Each time I put hot sauce on my nachos using the eyedropper, I thought about who may have used this before me and whether or not they were licking their fingers or even if their hands were clean. I ended up using a napkin so I didn't have to touch it anymore...I ordered the catfish basket for my main dish and the little lady ordered the Farmer Ray's Local Veggies. I was pleased, she was not. My catfish was, thankfully, a pretty generous portion (more on that later) and came with sweet potato fries and a jalapeno & cheese cornbread muffin. The fish was super crispy, albeit a little bland. A little black or cayenne pepper might go a long way there. But I added a little hot sauce (used the napkin trick again) and a little of the tartar sauce ... problem solved. The corn bread, light on jalapeno & long on cheese, was huge and fluffy. Fries were above average, but nothing novel. All in all, a great little basket of lunchtime joy! The wife's veggies, on the other hand, were just mush. And I mean mush. They seemed to have been oven roasted but we couldn't tell for sure. There was oil everywhere and they all kind of looked the same. (I am very aware that oil is used to roast veggies and I know that veggies shrink & shrivel & brown up during roasting. But these things were mushy and swimming in oil.) And usually, the flavors intensify after roasting -- especially with super fresh, local veggies in their prime. But these things were just beyond help. They looked and tasted as if they died from embarrassment after being turned into a soft, discolored version of their former crispy, flavorful, and bright selves. After only a few bites, my fish basket became lunch for both of us. We expected the waitress to ask if they veggies were OK since we were sending pretty much the whole plate back, but no luck. My wife had already decided not to mention anything unless asked. Not sure if that was a test or if she just wasn't in the mood to complain... OK. So how can the veggies be so bad AND this place still gets four stars? One reason is because the service was near-perfect. From hostess to waitress to manager (?) asking how everything was (before the veggies came out unfortunately). But the biggest reason I gave four stars? Because it's NOT LIME!!!!!!! Other reasons: Great patio for spring/summer, excellent beer & spirits list, free parking lot, clean restrooms, and great music! I am really looking forward to hanging out here again this weekend when we have family in from Europe.
<review# 514,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/15/2011,6/1/2011,9,106,2,10,8>Classy but not stuck up 4 star Chago's cantina and restaurant has good rum mohitos and house drinks like the Ricci Ricardo. The back of the room semiprivate couch area is a quieter spot for drinks. The main room or one of the covered patios are good places to nibble the vegetarian, meat or mahi-mahi fish tacos. Across from Belmont university this cantina is next to the restaurants owned by Myint family for local dining. The Latin American and Mexican include the usual along with special food like chago rolls and pupusas.
<review# 515,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/1/2010,5/31/2011,116,191,2,7,3>The Belcourt is an absolute gem.  It is a fantastic place to see first run indie films as well as old favorites.The bi-weekly midnight movie series is fantastic.  The films have ranged from classic favorites like Labyrinth and Sixteen Candles to so-bad/strange-that-it's-hysterical selections like The Room and House.  There is always a clever drink special and usually some form of pre-film game.The seating issues are halfway solved!  The smaller theatre boasts extremely comfy new seats; and from what I understand, the larger theatre is close to upgrading as well.  I highly recommend becoming a member...in addition to a hefty discount on tickets and snacks, they hold some great member events throughout the year.
<review# 516,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/15/2010,5/30/2011,54,100,5,7,3>I read about this new place in the Tennessean last week (tennessean.com/article/2) and decided to check it out.It is on the corner of Jefferson and DB Todd Blvd.Basically a takeout place, but they have a small counter where I sat and consumed my 1/2 Rack of ribs. ($9.99 including toast and fries)The ribs were good. Nice charcoal flavor and DID NOT fall off the bone. The sauce was average. The fries were good, too. Sweet tea had a lemon flavor to it, which I usually hate with a passion reserved for telemarketers and slow cars in the fast lane, but for some reason I kinda liked it today. Go figure.I'm looking forward to returning to sample more of their menu. They even have Funnel Cakes. Funnel Cakes! I've never seen them on a restaurant menu, but they say theirs are "World Famous", so I simply must have one (or two) in the name of research. They were steadily busy at 2 o'clock in the afternoon. Always a good sign. The employees were great and the clientele was friendly and not shy about giving recommendations for my future visits. I'm going for the Munchy Burger next, followed by the Prime Rib Sandwich. I also have it on good authority that their baked beans are fantastic.They are open until 10pm M-Th and until early morning F-S. Closed Sunday.Be advised that this is a no frills establishment. If you are looking for ambiance, look elsewhere. If you're looking for good food, look here.
<review# 517,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/19/2010,5/29/2011,217,312,6,7,5>I've been here a couple of times and always had a good meal.  One thing that has consistently impressed me is that they seem to not struggle with service whether you come in in a small group or with the cacophony of a herd of 5 kids under 6 and four adults.They have a number of healthy options, but what I love about this place is the plethora of unhealthy options.  I have a secret love affair with brunch.  It is the meal that says, "I may not be necessary, but I'm gonna make up for it in decadence".  And boy, these guys deliver.  They don't bat an eyelash when you ask for more Hollandaise or a side of corned beef hash.  Speaking of corned beef hash, it is well worth it and I'm not sharing with you; you should have ordered your own.  They make some great omelets and every time I've had their poached eggs, they were done perfectly.  They also have a great selection for vegetarians, too.The only way this place could get 5 stars is if they had a bar (sorry, juice bar doesn't count).  Nothing goes better with brunch than a spicy Bloody Mary with a nice spicy pickled green bean.
<review# 518,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/19/2011,5/28/2011,11,66,1,5,3>I made my husband take me here b/c I wanted a paleta.  And I will get one some day (hopefully avocado...yummm...).  But this time I got distracted by Jeni's ice cream.  I asked for a taste of the wildberry lavender, I don't know why.  I don't like lavender in food--I like to smell potpourri, not taste it.  But I was feeling adventurous.  And thank heaven I was.  This is quite possibly the best ice cream I've ever had.  This really tasted more like orange (which, while it may not have been what they intended, was just fine with me since I love orange).  And it was at least as creamy as any gelato I've tasted.  A bit pricey--$4 for a small--but yeah, this is $4 ice cream.  They sell pints for $10.  I didn't get one tonight.  But yes, I will at some point be ponying up $10 for a pint of ice cream.  It's just that good.
<review# 519,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/11/2010,5/27/2011,105,230,3,5,4>Growing up in Dallas, there are not a ton of farms around to get the true kiddie experience during the holidays. Well thank god! Tennessee has a few farms around providing pick-your-own pumpkin patches :)Gentry's Farm is AWESOME! It's about 20-30 minutes from Nashville and the drive is gorgeous. If you want to pick your own pumpkin, there is a huge patch available to find your truly unique pumpkin for no more than $3 a pop. I picked out 2 medium sized pumpkins and walked away paying a whopping $2 for them total. Can't beat that!There are also tons of events available at Gentry's Farm for a $6 admission fee. They have a corn maze (super cute... the aerial view of it is a chicken... lol), hay ride, playground and play center, and tons your typical farm animals like goats and turkeys and chickens and cows that are fun to holler noises at in hopes of soliciting a reply :) If you love hearing goats goat at each other as much as I do, you'll love Gentry's Farm.
<review# 520,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/19/2011,5/25/2011,126,270,4,8,7>Hands down the best meal I've eaten in Nashville. I know, I know I get excited about new restaurant adventures but seriously people, if you haven't made the attempt to dine in at F. Scott's then you are missing out big time. A romantic dinner during the 2011 January restaurant week brought me and hubs-to-be out to F. Scott's for a fancy meal. All for $30.11 per person; a once or twice a year occasion. We had made reservations but at 6:30p.m. on a Wednesday evening, they weren't exactly needed. The place didn't begin to pick up until at least 7:15-7:30p.m. When we arrived into the parking lot I noticed a sign that said "Valet for Free" for F. Scott's customers. FANCY! We decided to park ourselves and as soon as we walked in we were not only greeted by the hostess but also the folks in front of us checking in for dinner. Friendly people are always a good sign. Fortunately at the moment we walked in our server, Peter, was standing at the hostess station and asked to check our coats before he brought us to our dimly lit table. FANCY and ROMANTIC! Peter was on par through out the whole meal. I ordered the salad as my first course which was a beautiful blend of romaine with roasted mushrooms, walnut and rosemary bread crumbs (adding extra supportive texture), and tossed in a Sherry Crème Fraîche vinaigrette. Simply wonderful! The onion soup (soup of the day) was hearty as well. For the main course we went for the meat and potatoes! A perfectly grilled sirloin was marinated in this sweet yet robust tomato-coffee sauce and decadently placed on a bed of mashed potatoes and garnished with crispy collard greens. A bite of everything together takes you back to your mother's kitchen with a fancy twist. Finally to end this wonderful meal was dessert. The vanilla bean crème brulée and fresh coconut cake with a chocolate sauce were divine. The entire meal was phenomenal and honestly words cannot describe my pleasure this evening during my meal. You only have to experience it for yourself.
<review# 521,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/9/2013,1/22/2014,130,90,4,9,4>As we headed here for my company holiday party last week, we both wondered where in the world the decision makers in my office were taking us as it seemed off the beaten path. When we got there though, it all made sense, and turned out to be our best company holiday party to date! This venue is incredible! It's described online as a place for art, but it functioned wonderfully for our party needs. It's completely elegant and beautiful, with the different spaces well thought out. There's a great patio area where we found heat lamps and a large fire pit for the crisp winter weather. The separate spaces accommodated everyone well, as there was room for a buffet of appetizers and deserts, a separate space for a full bar, and multiple gathering rooms for socializing.If you're looking for a venue for any occasion, definitely check this new gem out!
<review# 522,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/16/2014,1/21/2014,57,97,3,5,4>These people kick serious legal tail! Although not in need of legal counsel myself, my workplace uses Baker Donelson, thus introducing me to their services. They offer free breakfast briefings on helpful topics and their staff is top notch. I recently attended a briefing and was welcomed with smiles, good food/coffee, free parking (they validate downtown!) and some serious knowledge. I wasn't bored once and the presentation was fresh and interesting.Also, Baker Donelson recently ranked 31st in their Fifth Consecutive Ranking in FORTUNE's 100 Best Companies to Work For® as well as being the top law firm! Work it out attorneys. Work. It. Out. (But legally...)
<review# 523,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/9/2013,1/19/2014,139,429,2,11,3>This place is the bdc.  (bomb dot com, because I'm cool like that).Their pizza is incredibly delicious and fresh, and also quite the value!  It's also amazingly fast.  I love that you can see the guys in the kitchen tossing the dough around, even if they might show boat a little.  (Warranted, I think, as I can't do such things).  The crust manages to be on the thin side, but still tender, which I think is awesome, as my usual grievance with thin crust pizza is that it's too much like a chip and not enough like delicious dough.   They've got large farm-style tables, and seating is somewhat community-seating.  So come prepared to make friends.  They've also got an awesome toppings bar-including parm and red pepper flakes, but also basalmic vineagar and some awesome little peppers for adding that extra kick.You can also BYOB or wine, which is a nice plus.  They've got some good-looking gelato, but I'll have to go back for that, as I was too full of pizza last time to try it.
<review# 524,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/5/2013,1/18/2014,156,282,5,7,5>i'm coming off of a long period where I basically did not drink.  I started feeling stressed out.. so I drove straight (well, not straight..) to Frugal MacDoogal's.  They have evvveerryyyttthiinngg. It can be a little hard to navigate the store, but employees are super knowledgeable.  Prices are fine.  It's a little annoying the beer is in a separate section.. oh laws!Did I mention Frugal MacDoogal's has everything?? (except Rolling Rock beer, it seems. Even Bud Light/Miller/nameofcrappybeer made it into the beer side!)
<review# 525,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/9/2013,1/17/2014,95,226,7,6,3>SOPA-PILLA! When I sound the name of this place in my head it always comes out as an exclamation with an Italia accent. There... Now you have it too!I brought my mother here for her retirement dinner/margarita fix. She is the one who found it using Yelp. Nice work, Mom!When she told me about it, I looked it up on the Yelp app on my phone. What is this I see? 100% off for some queso? $40 for a $50 Deal? OKAY!!  So I'm already $15 to the good on the adventure. I also used the app to get a reservation, just in case. I'm surprised at this point that my Yelp app won't go ahead and eat the food and write the review for me. Come on, Yelp!!! Help a brotha out!Time for the Rita!!  We ordered up the first round. Aqua Fresca for me, Sopapilla Rita for mom and Girl. I win. Hers is really good, I LOVE the fact that they don't use sweet and sour because it's freakin disgusting. FRESH JUICES!!!  Love it!  Mine was GREAT!! I loved the little bit of mint they put in there and the pop from the fresh lime juice. I could have had a dozen of these, but I was driving. Next up; Chips, Queso, and Salsa. Great salsa!!  Loved the flavor of this salsa. Tasted homemade through and through. Really surprised me quite frankly. The queso, meh... Glad it was free. I won't come back and pay for that.  They could do a little work to that and kick it up to where it would be a good dish. Right now it feels like a dish they have on the menu because it's required for some reason. If it aint good, pull it off the menu!New round of Ritas!  This time I got the Cucumber Rita, moms got the Blueberry Pomegranate Rita. Loved the Cucumber Rita!!!  I didn't care for hers very much though. Girl got the Sopapilla rita this round and they put salt on her's when she asked for no salt, and the first round was no salt...............    I said no salt, NO salt for the margarita, but it had salt on it, big grains of salt, floating in the glass.  I'll take my traveler's checks to a competing resort. I could write a letter to your board of tourism and I could have this place condemned. [/OFFICESPACEQUOTE]I ordered the stuffed Sopapilla with egg on top. Moms got the sampler. Girl got the Mexico City street tacos. I lost this round. The tacos were good, the platter mom got had lost of good things, mainly the shrimp taco... YUMZ!!  Mine had too much dry chicken stuffed inside with nothing else to add flavor or moisture. Some potato would have been good in there, maybe a veggie?  The egg on top was over well. I fully expected a big runny yolk to flow over my Sopapilla, but it was not meant to be. I waited a bit for someone to come by and check on us so I could make them aware of this tragic error, but they never did so I began to eat it with a sad face.Luckily, I had to many Cucumber ritas that I didn't care about my overcooked egg! Great drinks and friendly service won me over this night.When checking out I had some confusion over the Yelp Deal. The server was deer in the headlights. She had no idea what to do with it. She calls a manager over. Manager looks at my phone for a second and says.. Oh Ok.. $10 off. uhh.,.. No.   I had to re-explain the Deal to them slowly and then they get it. I have a feeling that it will be screwed up in their books, but I don't care. And then they brought me Sopapillas....  Warm, soft, perfectly cooked Sopapillas....  They have a bottle of agave nectar on the table just got this. I was in heaven for a second!  This redeemed whatever misgivings we may have had up to this point. They suckered me!  OK 4 stars.
<review# 526,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/11/2013,1/16/2014,7,90,2,7,3>I yelped and they listened. I have been back 8 times since my 3 star review and I have been impressed every time. The salad dressing is the best I've ever tasted. Say yes to the bread. The Veggie Plate is to die for and the short ribs are fantastic.You must finish the night with key lime pie or cheesecake.Best service and management in town!My favorite restaurant for kindness, great meals and consistency.
<review# 527,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/24/2013,1/15/2014,40,166,10,8,6>I am not your typical hot chicken customer.  I can't handle spicy food.  It makes we want to die and I have no idea why people voluntarily torture themselves. That being said, I like 400 degrees. It's in a little food court area with an eclectic little mix of restaurants, so I suppose I have other options when my boyfriend's hot chicken cravings hit, but I don't think I'll ever try them. The chicken is classified in degrees - 0, 100, 200, 400.  If you're a wimp like me, get the 0.  It's plain ol' fried chicken with a tiny touch of spice from the seasoning.  The chicken is juicy and delicious. On my second visit I decided to man up and try the 100... and I survived.  It's apparently nothing to most people, but my runny nose and watery eyes and fire breathing suggested otherwise.  The first few bites aren't bad, but the cumulative effect by the end had me cramming ketchup-covered fries down my throat for relief.  I still liked it, though, because while hot it still had flavor.  I don't see the point in burning your face off if your taste buds are burned off too.  My wimpy body will never let me become a hot & spicy connoisseur, but every now and then I'll get my 100 and clear out my sinuses and feel proud of myself.  Maybe I'll get up to 200 one of these days.  Can you train yourself for heat?  I'll report back. PS: You will wait a long time for your food. Be warned.
<review# 528,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/15/2013,1/14/2014,98,278,8,9,9>Solid.  Cheap.  Quick.Who doesn't dig a burrito as big as your head?  And the fact that you have a tasty, cheesy lunch for $5.95 - dude, how can anyone protest?I am not a native Mexican, I'm from Middle Tennessee.  My idea of Mexican is slow cooked, cheesy goodness that just says yum.  I don't need big time spices, not trying to do any microderm abrasion techniques on my tongue, and the latest froo froo spice doesn't appeal to me.And the nachos supreme... dude... a plate full of cheesy goodness with chicken and toppings - you can't go wrong there, either.If you are in the Farmers Market for some reason and you're hungry, definitely give them a visit.
<review# 529,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,8/5/2013,1/13/2014,34,55,1,8,3>I love trying out new places, especially local eateries in their early stages. After reading a few reviews I had very high hopes. I guess the problem with high hopes is they give equal room for high disappointment. And that's exactly what I was left with.The good? The people were awesome. Couldn't ask for nicer or more genuine people. I truly want them to succeed. Sadly, though, I can't review a place without looking at the food. My wife and I went in and ordered two kolaches - one strawberry and cream cheese, and one sausage and cheese- and two iced coffees. The iced coffee was regular (hot) coffee poured over ice and topped off with a little Nesquick. Take that for what it is. The kolaches were very disappointing to both of us. They were cold, mildly stale, and tasted like something I would get out of a glass case at a truck stop. Don't hear me wrong - I love a good gas station pastry. I just hoped I would experience something of higher caliber from a shop dedicated to making them. I feel like they would've been much better when warm.It was busy, and this place is brand spanking new, so I know they're getting all the kinks worked out. I'll give them the benefit of growing pains, keep the star rating neutral, and try again at a later date.
<review# 530,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/29/2013,1/12/2014,323,390,2,10,4>ZolliKoffee is a great and welcomed addition to the Jackaloupe Brewing company.  I love the opportunity to have a different brew under the same roof.  Plus, whenever the food trucks are posted in front of the brewery, you are guaranteed for some exceptional cafe fare.First off, the iced coffee is my favorite.  They use Klatch coffee which is amazing.  The coffee is cold brewed and is not acidic to the taste.  My second favorite is the Chai Lattes.  They make their own blend so it is very unique.  I like a Chai that does not overpower the taste buds.All the pastry treats are homemade.  I love the rice krispy treats with chunks of chocolate and the chocolate muffins they have on hand as well.  When I am not binging on chocolate, the sandwiches are also a favorite of mine.  I love the Turkey, Cheese and Habenero Pineapple Sammy.This is a great place to go if you want to entertain guests that like both beer and coffee.  It is literally the best of both worlds.Also, I belive there is a $4 credit min on cards.  Bring cash if you just want a cup of joe.
<review# 531,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/11/2014,3/28/2014,74,82,3,9,6>I have waited a long time to write this review because there is many things this place has to offer that I wanted to try all of them before writing this. I am seafood snob and things have to be good for me to say anything  positive about it. This place my friends gives me all kinds of good things to say. The sushi is always good andc I have tried several things and even something as basic as a spicy cruncy shrimp roll is outstanding. I love the fried shrimp and the last time I went I had the seafood pasta which was amazing. Everytime you go to a place there is always something that stands out and I have to give serious props for the guy making the Clam Chowder.... It is out of this world. Like there are things that taste great and then every now and then you run across something that's better. This stuff is the best I have ever had and I have been to Boston, Baltimore and City Island in NYC and no place even come remotely close to how good this is. The place is usually almost always packed so get there early or get a reservation but trust me on this you leave full and happy. As always if I like a place then you should really trust me because when it comes to food, I am never wrong!
<review# 532,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/28/2014,3/27/2014,44,230,2,9,6>Epice is definitely an elevated Kalamata's- exactly what Nashville needs more of. The build out is gorgeous- modern and clean. Looks like a place that would be in LA or Tel Aviv.Showed up at 12:30 on a Tuesday and most all tables were full, but wasn't that busy. Our server was nice, but already in the weeds. Took awhile to get drinks and then they bring a glass of water for my 4 year old. Note: did not get the kid friendly vibe- so leave the rugrats at home.My friend and I shared the hummus and the fatayer- an assortment of "pies" each filled with cheese, spinach and a meat one. The meat one was the best. The cucumber sauce it came with was delicious!The hummus had a smokey taste and was delicious. Better than Kalamata's- more like a doctored up version. It only came with two pieces of soft pita and a crunchier flatbread- definitely not enough bread to mop up the chickpea goodness. We both had the shwarma. The meat was tender and juicy and thinly sliced. It had a pickle relish of onions inside, as well, really kicking the dish up a notch. Super tasty! The potatoes on the side were seriously off the chain. I don't even like or ever eat potatoes. They were amazing! The low point was the peasant salad that also came with the shawarma. I was very shocked and surprised on how awful it was. The dressing was super tangy, and not in a good way. The lettuce was a field mix that was not very fresh tasting. Now their sister restaurant Kalamata's has the best salad dressing. How in the world do they not duplicate that here, or elevate that even. Salad was an abomination and hopefully they will tweek it as they work out the growing pains. While service was slow, everyone was friendly. Parking is sparse. You can park next door at white mercantile (the old gas station) or the 3 spots they have to the left. I was told you can park at green pea salon at night. Like any 12 south establishment, parking is a sport. All in all, this is a great new addition to the neighborhood and a cuisine that Nashville is lacking in. Will return- without kids!*second pic is of fatayer- not hummus. I don't see an edit button :)
<review# 533,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,2/9/2014,3/26/2014,156,282,4,7,6>I think South for lunch would be an all around good deal..After tonight's experience I can't say going there for dinner was the best idea ever. There was barely anybody there at all. A narrow, cavernous bar with food was mostly ours for the taking, but the only other patrons there were super obnoxious, yelling out obscenities and comments on their inactive sex lives. (Not that that's er, uh, a bad thing..)The food itself was pretty good, and the menu is attractive - shrimp and grits, gouda mac 'n cheese.  Like upscale Southern "classics".  I had the hot chicken wrap, which if I'm being super critical (after all, it's Yelp, where we can tear people/places to shreds :-) ), was inaccurately represented. The menu item read "Hot Chicken Wrap", but what I got was a very tasty Buffalo chicken wrap. I know, I know... I LOVE Buffalo chicken, so I'm not complaining about what I ate. But technically, if something is going to be labeled as "hot chicken".. If you've been to Prince's/Bolton's/Hattie B's etc., you get my drift.I think there's a good kitchen going on in the back of South. I just don't really get the place. I stay away like the plague on the weekends because I know how crowded, raucous, sex-ish (and douche-y??) this place can get with verrrryyyy drunk 20s crowds.  So it's that kind of place, but has easily above average bar food (I mean, all the salad dressings are made in-house! ). The food is also easily priced a $2-$3 more than it should be. Service wasn't an issue, but I will comment on the general knowledge of the bartender. We asked questions about food and drink items on the menu, which she was unable to answer, as she'd only been working there for several weeks.  Even a couple years ago, after working at a chain pizza place for only a few weeks, I was able to answer basic questions on how things were made.  I think anybody who gives a crap about the food where they're working would be.Most of this 3-star rating is for the food...
<review# 534,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/16/2014,3/25/2014,81,104,39,47,40>We first visited Village Jewelers in the fall when we started ring shopping. Being novice buyers, we were just visiting a couple of stores to see what folks had to offer but knew we would not be buying for a little bit longer. Our friends had visited Village Jewelers previously and we came here because of their amazing experience. One thing I really appreciated was that once Joey found out that we were not in the market to buy yet, he gave us a couple of tips to study diamonds for a little longer and make financial sound decisions. We left feeling a little more knowledgeable but knowing when we were ready would we probably return to this place because they can customize pretty much anything for you. After leaving Village Jewelers, we visited another bigger diamond retailer who tried to force us into buying our ring and would not stop talking to us about the million credit options they had. We were very turned off by their sales tactics and felt like the sales folks were like vultures waiting to attack us. After spending about 5 minutes at the said retailer's store, we left frustrated. We knew when we were ready we would return to Village Jewelers because they took the time to listen to us and to really understand our needs, whether we were ready to make a purchase or not. This January, we went back to looking at rings- this time, with more context. My fiancé had already looked online at rings for months and knew exactly what he was looking for. When we went in, Joey showed us a couple of different designs with similar settings as the one we wanted but we were not completely able to make or decision based on pictures. Since we wanted to get a fancy yellow and they did not have too many of those at their local store, Joey offered to order a couple in just so that we could see what they looked like. We agreed that would be a good idea and left.While Joey was ordering in the diamonds, he continually kept in touch with us via text to ensure we knew he was working with us and keeping us in mind. We appreciate the constant communication via text because we always knew what was happening. Once he had them in, we went back and this time George was there as well. George heard what we wanted and then worked with us to tell us what setting he thought would work best. He then took the time to look at multiple settings with us and show us what they would look like. That day, we left super excited because we knew exactly what we wanted and knew Village Jewelers would have it for us in a couple of weeks.We must admit, we were SHOCKED still to see how awesome the ring turned out to be and are blown away by the craftsmanship of  Village Jewelers. I can't stop staring at my ring and have been getting lots of compliments on it. Additionally, his ring is completely free, and I can go back whenever to get mine cleaned or if anything falls out to get it replaced. These big and little gestures really make customer service at Village Jewelers exceptional. We are now customers for life and already know that we will continue to go there for all our Jewelry needs! Thanks, friends!
<review# 535,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/10/2014,3/24/2014,42,124,3,7,6>I will not make the drive to Papa Turneys near the airport (unless a craving hits on a day other than Friday) or Martin's BBQ in Nolensville as long as JAMs smokes barbecue on Fridays. I love some smoked meats. The polish sausage, pork chop and ribs were all cooked well, flavorful and moist.  And the baked beans with ground turkey are my daughter's favorites.  They are "the bomb" according to her.I haven't had the sandwiches or wings though I occasionally enjoy fries with Smack Yo Mama seasoning salt (really).  It's a little place with a limited menu but what it has makes me happy.
<review# 536,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/11/2013,3/23/2014,323,390,2,5,3>I cannot begin to say how much I enjoyed the 12th South Winter Warmer this year.  From the beverage vendors, to the food vendors, retail vendors, and all the other ammentites, this festival would be a hard mountain to top as far as Nashville Beer Festivals go.First off, plan accordingly.  If you want to go, there is no waiting around.  You have to buy tickets as soon as they go on sale.  I was online the minute they went on sale and the server crashed numerous times.  I went as far as tweeting the promoters and had a link sent to me via twitter to buy tickets.  The limit for tickets is two per purchaser, so have a team of people involved when purchasing.  The event itself was so much fun.  Since it was so cold outside, the event took place in a large tent.  I appreciate the thoughtfulness in this because it wasn't too terriblely cold inside.  They even laid out hay on the grounds because it was pretty muddy with all the rain the day before.  The music was really good and there were plenty of bathrooms for the event.  The best part of the Warmer is the beer and food.  Some of the stand outs for the event were Jackaloupe, Lazy Magnolia, Smaltz Brewing, and Cool Springs Brewery.  There were a lot of high gravity options so hydrate and eat as you sample.  I was so happy to see Biscuit Love at the event.  Kudos to Olive and Sinclair for the free chocolate samples as well.  The Bourbon Brittle is too die for!Overall, I will be going again next year.  It is just too much of a gem to miss!
<review# 537,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/18/2014,3/20/2014,19,89,,6,4>Great burger! Big and thick... They don't skimp on the meat, great pretzel bun, very affordable. The aoli is great!!My only complaint is... The fries are soft and limp.
<review# 538,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/8/2014,3/19/2014,46,758,9,20,12>I hate change as much as the next person.  I miss Pie in the Sky. But sometimes change is good.The better half and I stopped in to check it out (after noticing Pie in the Sky was no more).  I'm glad to see its the same people behind that business just changing things up.For a drink I ordered the Kentucky Bourbon Ale which I was quite pleased with.As an appetizer we ordered the Fried Pickles, which were some of the best I ever had. I'm by no means a Fried Pickle expert, but these were great!I had the Cowboy Burger which was about the manliest thing I could think to order. I found it be really good and pretty messy, but that might have been the Kentucky Bourbon Ale. Finally I had the TN Bushwacker, which I honestly did not care for too much. The alcohol was a bit overpowering and since I had ordered it for a dessert, I was looking for something a bit sweeter. It wasn't that it was bad, but I do prefer my Bushwackers to be a bit sweeter. I suppose that is why they call it the "TN Bushwacker" but just a warning if you like them sweet like me.I'd absolutely come back here.
<review# 539,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/1/2013,3/18/2014,98,238,3,18,5>This little gem, hidden behind the Fat Mo's in Donelson, is quite quaint. But it's a laundry mat, and for what it is reasonably priced. The attendant was super helpful, ready to answer questions or help out. He was constantly making sure the place was as clean as possible, and all the machines running smoothly. That being said, with a washer and dryer in our apartment, I only intend to return for those items that require large capacity machines to wash, which this place has. Took our comforter here to have it washed, and the machines did a great job. I plan to return as needed.
<review# 540,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/7/2014,3/17/2014,14,77,1,6,4>Such a great live music venue in Nashville. I've been three times and have yet to be disappointed! Very fairly priced drinks, great atmosphere, and free nearby street parking.
<review# 541,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/7/2011,12/9/2011,10,111,9,1,3>Read this before you order their lasagna, especially their meatball lasagna.First, let me say, it is by far the best I have EVER tasted. EVER. Homemade meatballs, homemade pasta and homemade sauce. Seriously? You can't go wrong, unless you're an idiot like me and don't consider the actual weight of this HOMEMADE creation. One Friday, I planned a surprise birthday party for my husband. I wanted to entertain at home. So, I ordered the lasagna ahead and when I dropped by, I also picked up some pumpkin and sweet potato stuffed ravioli and homemade marinara sauce. (Delicious!)Went home and dropped the food off at my neighbor's house so my husband wouldn't suspect anything. My neighbor didn't mind - "I've never even used my oven," she said, showing me her brand new appliance.About an hour before our guests were to arrive, I snuck over to her house and put the lasagna in her oven. (She was out for the evening.) Back at my house, the guests arrived and while everyone was enjoying cocktails, I snuck back over again to hers and pulled the lasagna out. But because it was so heavy - as in layered - and the tin foil tray (albeit, heavy duty) is disposable, the lasagna dumped out all over my neighbor's oven door!Quickly, I scooped it back in, ran back to my house, grabbed some fresh mozzarella, sliced it and rebaked it a bit. No one knew the difference.Learn from my sloppy lesson. Be prepared. It takes two people to take the tray out of the oven.
<review# 542,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/13/2011,12/8/2011,186,329,5,8,6>I really enjoy two factors of this dog park:1.  TOYS.  I think there are at any given time somewhere in the neighborhood of 50 tennis balls strewn about the dog park or in the metal container near the entrance off Parthenon Dr.2. SIZE.  The park is significantly larger than my other favorite dog park in the Nashville area / suburbs (which would be Maggie's Bark Park).  I love the fact that the Centennial Dog Park is very large.  My shorthaired pointers need space - and I mean lots of space - to run and to play.  I also like that most people seem to follow their dogs around and ensure that no fights or anything of that like break out.Now, I dislike one factor about this park:1. People do not seem to pick up after their dogs here.  I know it's a big place, folks.  I know it's hard to watch everywhere your dog(s) are, but c'mon.  If I can keep track of my two poopers and their potty, then I expect you to do the same.  It isn't hard.  There are plenty of waste dispensers at both entrances.  Just grab several bags on your way, put them in your pocket, and clean up after your pooch.Things that are the same about this park as Maggie's:1. Small dog area and separate large dog area.  Awesome.2. Plenty of well stocked poop-bag dispensers3. Doggies4. Near trails to walk around (in this case a much larger space to walk around than in Franklin, as Centennial Park is right across the street from the Centennial Dog Park)
<review# 543,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/2/2010,12/7/2011,40,114,,8,3>What most people call dives whether it be a bar, hotdog stand or cafe, I call home.   This place is actually at 1160 Gallatin Pike S at the intersection of Due West rd and Gallatin Pike and might not come up on your gps if you type in the address listed above.  The owner serves up hot dogs with a variety of toppings in regular and super sizes, don't get the super if you are not up for a 1/4 pound dog!  I noticed a variety of sandwiches, drinks and chips ,You can even have a beer with your meal, this might be hot dog heaven!  I realize the prices are displayed on the board but when I ordered a tea, superdog loaded and chips the owner looked everything over and said "lets call that $5".  I'm pretty sure I made out on that deal!  Some might complain about the decor but it is working class comfortable with odd and funny signs, a pinball machine and what some may say is an "antique" video game.   If you are in Madison and in the mood for a dog, swing on buy and enjoy.  The joint is not in the strip mall but in the lower level of the 5 story office building next to the Nail salon.Vegwise, I did not see a vegetarian option on the menu!
<review# 544,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/10/2011,12/6/2011,105,230,5,3,4>For the indecisive or adventurous at heart, the $15 mystery beer bucket is just the thing to solve your beer related problems!I'm pretty sure 12th South always offers the mystery beer bucket. You get 5 randomly selected beers in an ice bucket. Our waiter didn't let on that you can have any say in the type of beer you get, but I bet if certain ladies worked their magic they could get what they want :) It was a lot of fun to try the hodgepodge of beers. We ended up with a red, a bock, a pale ale, something German, and a San Fran microbrewery beer. Pretty neat.I've heard their food is great but did not get a chance to try it this time around. I'd love to go back and try one of their daily specials. Rumor has it that the pizzas are killer.
<review# 545,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,9/1/2011,12/5/2011,15,74,2,3,3>Wahhh~! Kawaii~!! ^-^Now that I got that out of the way... This is a small, cute Japanese store. It's just cute. Even the house it's in is cute and blue! It's also a little random, but hey Asian stores can be quite random, am I right?When I went in there today, they had a selection of Japanese snacks, wigs, and shoes. They also have a little shelf for barrettes. There is one room full of anime-merchandise (manga, trinkets, posters, plush animals/figures). I'd go to a bookstore for manga though. The selection is very small.They even have a Cat Bus/ Nekobasu (My Neighbor Totoro) plush playset in that room! 8DMy favorite section was the paper goods/kitchen section. There was some adorable paper products (notebooks, stationary). The kitchen stuff included sushi molds, vegetable/cookie cutters, bento boxes, laver punches, and more cute stuff to decorate your food.Although it was cute, it's a bit on the pricey side -.-, which is to be expected. There wasn't a whole lot in the store. I'd probably go back to get a set vegetable/cookie cutters and cute paper products. I'm all about cute paper products!  \(^.^)/Also to note, this is the same group that owns the Happy Japan food truck.
<review# 546,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/5/2010,12/3/2011,19,41,2,4,3>Dear Goodbuy Girls, Sup ladies?  I just wanted to tell you how much fun I had there last night at the East Nashville vintage boutique crawl and every single other time I've ever been in your store... which went from hidden gem to the official BEST OF NASHVILLE, but I already knew that, didn't I? Even though I despise perusing racks, the ladies there have never had a problem being like "Look! Try this on!" ... or "Size 7?? Get it."  Their friendly and personal but no pressure style has always made me feel comfortable and wanting to stop in every weekend to see what they have for me this time.  My boot, jewelry, and leather collection has multiplied by the dozens since going there, but hey! It doesn't break the bank, I always look cool (sorry but true), and I've made friends in the process.Yours, EA
<review# 547,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/16/2011,12/1/2011,135,60,3,7,5>Last night,my daughter was getting a little irritable,so I figured she was hungry.I signed to her asking and she replied "yes."Again asking her what she wanted she started to finger spell "gyro."I was AMAZED by this!Being we were downtown (on our way to two different concerts,1-@ the Ryman and the other LOTG) she pulled me along to Santorini's.I know I have taken her once before,but how did she know,it was a few months back. We enter and to our great surprise the woman behind th counter remembered her,already knew what she wanted,gyro plate no sauce(gluten/casein)and house salad with no dressing. I was dumbfounded in a great way! I think she remembered us because of her 5 year old daughter and mine look similar and have the same kinda demeanor. So back to the food,HOLY SCHNIKIES!!! The portions were humongous! They only charged for half a serving I think(total was $5.88!) The quality and taste was superb!I'd say so because my kiddo ate just about everything on her plate and it WAS a normal portioned plate,NOT child sized!the skinny.....GREAT food,GREAT folks that run this place that actually give a hoot! 5 stars!
<review# 548,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/16/2011,11/30/2011,55,242,3,3,3>Absolutely incredible! I won't lie, I was a bit nervous because we went in and it was empty. But, we decided to stay and eat due to the 4.5 stars on yelp. Very good call on our part (thanks yelp). We got the beef bulgogi and chicken bulgogi. Incredibly fresh and outstanding blend of flavor. A little sweet with a little bit of heat made for a happy mouth.The kimchi was fabulous as well. Had a perfect texture and a good amount of spice to it without being overpowering. Will ABSOLUTELY be back.
<review# 549,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/6/2011,11/28/2011,60,232,,3,3>Took visiting relatives to Saturday brunch yesterday.  It was perfect.  The food was amazing!  I had a pulled pork/sweet potato/greens creation that HAD to be created just for me.  My husband looked at the menu before I did and he said, "you don't even have to look, you're gonna want this."  He was correct...it was splendid.  All of our guests were happy with their brunch, they were charmed by the ambiance and we were all grateful for the unobtrusive but attentive service.  We sat there for 3 hours catching up and visiting and never got that "I wish they'd clear out" feeling.  Very gracious service.  Oh...and the Benton's bacon.  If I review Marche 10 times, I will mention the bacon 10 times.  Sighhhhh...the bacon.
<review# 550,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/5/2011,11/27/2011,35,199,2,4,4>What can I say?  The keys here for me are consistency, fabulous service, nice-sized portions, and high-quality food.  Yes, it's pretty standard American food, but it's done very well.  We usually sit at the bar, and I love that when you're ready to order they place a nice white napkin in front of you.  I also love that you get chilled water with no ice (not an ice-water gal, but like it chilled.  Perfect).  All the bartenders and servers I've come in contact with are very professional, and surprisingly never seem frustrated - even with the bar hopping!  There was once that my order was wrong (I requested no bacon), and they whisked the dish away & came right back with another.  Love it!Just as a note....this J Alex has brick oven pizza, as well as some of the older menu items (half chicken, chicken tenders, others).  The J's on West End does not, and that's the one I used to frequent.  Now that we're in Franklin this is our "new" location, and it's nice to see some of those old items again!  **Also important to note....they have the BEST veggie burger I've ever had!
<review# 551,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/15/2014,11/30/2014,148,641,1,6,2>I dropped in to a 'Gentle Yoga' class with Rachel Mathenia one evening because I felt like I needed to wake my body up. I used to do yoga three times a week in high school, then I went to college and my habit went to doing yoga a few times a year. It's totally dumb because I love yoga and I always forget what I feel like during yoga and after yoga both physically and emotionally. Why do I wait so long in between!? No excuses!I don't know a lot about the different types of yoga, but this studio is focused on Inyengar which really is ideal for those with injuries or those who are new to the yoga practice. It focuses on the pose itself and how to maximize it's benefits by getting in to the pose properly and maintaining it properly. It allows for adjustments and the use of props so that you can get the most out of how a pose will benefit your body without pushing too hard and hurting yourself. Rachel's gentle class was true Inyengar. I have to say, her knowledge of the human body and the practice made the class one of the better I've ever taken and I usually am a vinyasa person. I like vinyasa because of the flow and connecting with breath but that may be because I've got a lot of yoga experience under my belt. If you're looking for a class with a LOT of teacher client one on one and talking during class and after, Rachel's gentle class might be the one for you. If you don't mind long gaps in between poses so that you can observe how the next posture should be done properly, this class might be for you. I really needed to slow my brain down and focusing on even the most subtle changes in a posture allowed my my mind to reconnect with my body, something I value very highly. I personally feel like you can benefit from taking Inyengar and Vinyasa simultaneously, especially if you are a seasoned yoga person but not a hard core yogi. It's good to revisit basic postures and really explore how they are all meant to be done. Your body will make a memory and when you're in another more fast paced or advanced class it will call on those memories, or at least that's my experience. If you're new to yoga I suggest an Inyengar class and then experimentation with other yoga classes once your body becomes familiar yoga. That's just my opinion, you never know until you try! The studio has it's own parking lot on 12th which is great because we all know how annoying it is to park down there. It's cozy and they provide props and mats at no cost. The drop in fee is $20, so it's definitely a good idea to consider buying classes in bulk. I'm still exploring my yoga options in Nashville but I definitely liked Rachel's energy, sense of humor, and patience. I would highly recommend her classes.
<review# 552,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/22/2014,11/29/2014,3,7,1,2,2>There are not a lot of people in life who love their job. Every single trainer at next level does. I have known jack for almost ten years. I was there when this all started. He's trained me on and off for years but the past four-five months jack has been training me to help me get back not only my body but my self confidence. He isn't just a trainer he will take the time to be a support system whenever you may need it. He will be a friend and lend an ear. He always puts others first. If you are looking to change the way you feel about yourself with trainers that want to get you there, who take home the work to help you, this is the place. I haven't felt this full of energy and confidence in almost six years. I couldn't asked for a better gym. Even the other trainers will stop and say hello :)) they are all fantastic!Make sure that if you are looking for a massage to go with that epic workout that you think of Kat Perry!!! She and jack together have changed my life and my body. I don't even think it's right to put up the before and after photo because you wouldn't believe it. She is one of the smartest massage therapist you will ever meet and she will work out of the gym!!!If you're ready to find the true you, this is the place to go.
<review# 553,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/6/2014,11/28/2014,34,115,1,2,2>I really love Richie Lee and the other staff who work here.I hadn't done kickboxing in over a year until I found this place. I've been looking for a kickboxing class since I moved to Nashville and this was the one I was referred to. I signed up online (the first class is free - each are $15 after or you can buy packages listed on the website) and headed over. I was instantly greeted by Richie after walking down the steps. He's so kind and has such a positive energy and it just got me that much more excited for class. During class he had one of the staff's wife help me out and get me in a comfortable rhythm. Even though she's ages ahead of me, she stopped and helped me out until I felt comfortable, never once making me feel like I was holding her back even though I knew I was. That's the brilliant thing about this place, everyone's so kind and eager to help people that are newer to the class that you don't feel bad about being new. It's a great workout and I definitely will be going back time and time again.
<review# 554,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/21/2014,11/27/2014,27,140,1,4,3>We went for dinner this evening based on wonderful yelp reviews. Jeff's is located in a residential neighborhood off of Mercury Blvd. Before we even had a chance to look at the menu, we were greeted and approached by the staff. A nice lady showed us the specials and a man showed us the sides. My husband and I both chose the Cajun catfish with two sides and a bread choice. I chose the okra, mac & cheese, and hot water cornbread. Hubs chose the mac & cheese, cream corn, and yeast roll. The fish is made to order but we didn't wait very long. It was almost an empty restaurant at 5pm on a Thursday. When our food came out, they had given me a piece of the flapjack cornbread as well. Literally everything was great. The catfish was hot and the breading was crispy and a little spicy. The sides were good and I can't wait to try different ones next time. All of the bread was great but the roll and the flapjack cornbread were excellent. It will be a tough choice between those two on our next visit! This was a huge plate of food (that we both magically cleared!) that only set us back $7.95 per plate. Sadly they were making banana pudding but I didn't get to try any. I promised them we would be back to try it and I will keep that promise! During our meal, we were checked on multiple times by multiple people. You can tell they really care about their customers and the delicious food they make. Great home cookin', friendly staff, and less than 2 miles from our house. We will for sure be back!
<review# 555,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/26/2014,11/26/2014,3,3,1,2,4>I started poling last September with no intentions of doing it more than just the new client 3 class special but what happened during those classes changed my mind completely.  I was welcomed in the studio not just by the fabulous and kind hearted Alethea Austin but by all the other women in the studio.  It's a sisterhood here,  whenever you get a new trick or move, not only do you feel accomplished but you have cheerleaders who provide an amazing support system that keep me coming back. The sisterhood is just one of the many other benefits of this studio.  The incredibly talented and encouraging staff are professional and genuinely want to see you succeed and progress and are more than happy to accommodate personal injuries. Miss Alethea Austin has been such a big inspiration in my pole world with helpful suggestions, tips, and words of encouragement and is always first to applaud your newest accomplishment while pushing you to continue to grow. My pole accomplishments  and confidence have transferred over into my personal life as well,  learning that I need to "push past" comfort zones to become the best version I am capable of. I decided to become a series member only a month after taking classes so I could dedicate more time for myself to learn how to become a better athlete and dancer.  I am a yogi and am grateful to learn new tips on how to get deeper stretches to be more "sexy flexy" and one day I hope to be able to get my splits (hopefully soon). It's been fun watching the personal progress I have been making and thinking 'wow,  I wish I could do that' & having accomplished it and then setting my next sights on new goals.  I enjoy being part of a community that is so encouraging and look forward to meeting new people and only improving my pole style. The Chrome Bar is a place where I can come and just let go of anything that is going on and find my inner peace.   I am grateful to have this studio and family in my life and will continue to go here.Thank you Alethea Austin, I never knew pole would be my salvation. #AAarmy
<review# 556,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/2/2014,11/25/2014,26,235,3,3,3>I have been working out with Jacob for 5 years (on and off).  For a short period of time i moved to Cali and had a different trainers there - no comparison to the whole life strategy that Jacob supplied.Jacob sets goals, helps drive to the task and does it on my level.  We work out at my house, train on the streets of Franklin (Running when needed) and i love not wasting my time going to/from the gym.  He has been accommodating to my schedule and his military training provides a 'DeadPan" but consistent sense of humor that works on his approach to my chronic complaining.  I am not just recommending Jacob as a trainer because of the local options, i am telling you that on a world scale, he excels and in turn, i have benefited.  His rates are extremely reasonable - (My sister in Boston is jealous of what i pay).Whether on the beginning, in the middle or at the end of your journey, he can help you get where you are headed.
<review# 557,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/25/2014,11/24/2014,0,2,3,4,5>Incredible! I am your average SAHM, "active", but not incredibly athletic. For me, these workouts are fun, interesting, and effective, incorporating the bar, the hanging silk fabrics (beautiful!), bands, weights, and balls. All of the instructors keeps a strong emphasis on safety/injury prevention and form. Never in my life have I been motivated to workout in the mornings, but Eden's classes have me showing up at 6:00am/6:30am regularly, week after week. Call me crazy. I leave each class sweaty, exhilarated, and knowing it was definitely an hour well spent! So far I have taken only 13 classes in the past 3 weeks and have seen incredible results, both physically and mentally. Eden is such a talented instructor. She challenges all of her students, no matter their fitness level. Whether you are a beginner or more advanced, her classes will meet you at YOUR fitness level and then push you further than you thought possible. She works around the room in a way that is, for me, as if I am getting a similar focus of a workout as I would with a personal trainer (a very caring and gentle one!), but in a group setting. I find her classes, especially the more recent ones I've attended, to be an ideal mix of cardio, strength, and stretching. It's the total package! And such a welcoming, friendly environment!Also, I LOVE the fact that Practice is truly local, unique, and family-owned. What a gem in our area! Eden and Scott are wonderful people, and are amazing at what they do!  You will not find "Big-box, "scripted" national chain fitness type classes here. It's all "home-grown" and "made from scratch!". I truly hope their studio flourishes! They deserve to have their classes filled to capacity!
<review# 558,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/13/2014,11/23/2014,14,43,3,3,3>I recently went camping with some friends for two nights using one of their primitive campsites.PROS-The campsite was easy to find and easy to get to. You can easily drive right up to your spot. This however is a double-edged sword which I will get into later.-Gas stations and grocery stores are really close in case you need to go on a firewood or food run.-The campsite itself was very clean.-The campsite had a nice picnic table, fire pit with built-in grill, and a nice spot to setup a tent.-The bathrooms and showers near the main office were super clean and pretty much bug-free.-There is good Wi-Fi near the main office.-Dumpsters are easy accessible to throw away your trash.-You can book your campsite online.-Prices are cheap.-It seemed like a very safe place and also kid friendly.-Lots of tree cover around the primitive campsites which kept out a lot of the rain.CONS-Being that your campsite is so easy to drive up to and find, you will get TONS of car traffic. The campsite is right next to a road that dead ends, but TONS of cars would drive pass our campsite on a constant basis. Some cars were just visitors looking around and others were park rangers and the campsite staff. When the park rangers and campsite staff would drive by it seemed like they would purposely drive slow and snoop around to see what you were up too. At night they would spotlight our campsite with their bright headlights being nosy. Not cool. We even had cars driving by as late as 1:30 AM. This kills the whole camping experience. We chose to book one of the primitive campsites for more privacy, but there was hardly any. Other than the random cars driving by, the campsite was quite.-The bathrooms were super clean, however they had motion detectors everywhere for turning the lights off and on. Many times I had to exit the shower to set off the motion detectors because the lights went out on me. This seems like a stupid complaint, but it got really annoying after awhile.WILL I GO BACK?-Maybe, but I will research other places first to find something with better privacy not so close to a high traffic road.
<review# 559,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/1/2014,11/22/2014,89,89,3,3,4>I've been meaning to write this for a year now. We were placing our house on the market and needed to update our counters in the kitchen, and master bath, PRONTO! I felt really overwhelmed with all the other details of selling the home/preparing it for listing/packing, etc., and I'll be honest, I didn't want to have to think about granite types, etc.       I told John to just pick out the best granite for both locations - he showed me what the most popular granites were, and gave me his professional opinion on them and helped me to make my choice. And, my choice was basically to just trust whatever he went with. I figured he knew way better than I did, and I felt confident he was looking out for our best interests economically as well.       We were thrilled with the outcome. Of course, we wished we'd done it years before! They were speedy, but thorough, and the entire experience was a positive one. In the future, if we need cabinets or counters redone, or even flooring, we will definitely be going with Brentwood Granite & Cabinet Design.
<review# 560,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/24/2014,11/21/2014,32,114,4,5,5>In general, my husband and I aren't big bar people, especially in downtown Nashville.  We're just not into overpriced, watery drinks, loud music, smoke and obnoxious drunk tourists.  The Big Bang, however, is one that we often frequent whenever we're downtown enjoying dinner or hanging out after work.  We've never been into the place when there ISN'T a huge crowd and a happenin' vibe.  Despite the crowds, we can usually find a seat with a good view, and the waitstaff is quick and attentive with our drinks.  If we can manage to arrive before about 8:30pm, there is no cover charge, which is awesome.  After that time, cover is $6/person - not bad at all for the entertainment you receive while there.  Drink prices are a little steep, but not terribly unreasonable, and the bar staff supplies a heavy pour.The entertainment is the real reason you should visit The Big Bang.  The dueling piano players are AWESOME and incredibly talented; each plays the piano, bass, and drums in addition to rockin' the vocals.  They are versed in many styles of music and play to the masses - whatever is requested, in any genre, can be performed by the band (especially if the request is made alongside a $20 bill).  You can and should tip the band members, who work incredibly hard for their money to put on the best possible show night after night.  We love the energy and vibe of The Big Bang, along with the friendly staff and patrons.  It's easily one of our favorite places to catch some great music in Nashville!
<review# 561,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/28/2010,7/18/2011,28,106,3,8,5>It's hard to believe, but as a self-righteous (and probably annoying) foodie my favorite food in Nashville is served at this place that doesn't even have a proper kitchen. Apparently all you need are the right fresh local ingredients, a little heat from a foreman grill, some creativity, and wow - delicious. The owner, Roderick(?), seems like he's around 30, is super excited about this place, and is refreshingly modest. He has created the most brilliant dishes. He actually deserves the kind of local celebrity chef status that people like Arnold Myint self-proclaim.My wife and I usually split a couscous dish (like the King Kong with shrimp) and a sandwich (often the Bird) and they always split it up on two plates with half of each which is just one of those little things that I appreciate a lot.The use of beets here is fabulous - both in the juices and the dessert.
<review# 562,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/26/2011,7/17/2011,32,72,14,6,5>WHAT? HOLD ON...I CAN'T FREAKING HEAR YOU...I'M IN PARADISE PARK AND IT'S THE LOUDEST FREAKING BAR I'VE EVER BEEN IN. HOLD ON, LET ME STEP INTO THE RESTROOM TO DO THE REST OF THIS REVIEW...Ahh. That's much better. Wait...this is a trailer park bar...why is there an attendant in the restroom? I can squirt my own soap and no, I do not want a splash of Calvin Klein's Indifference.But anyway...Paradise Park is a trailer park themed bar in the old Heilig Meyers building. I'm not exactly sure who had the brilliant concept of making a bar in downtown Nashville themed like everyone thought Nashville was already themed...but there you go.The first thing you notice (if you go in on the bar side) is there is a giant wrecked racecar sitting right in the middle of the floor. When it comes to decor, this place hasn't heard of it. You're allowed to Sharpie and carve on pretty much anything in the place...so the walls and tables look like a men's restroom - let's just say there's an abundance of drawings of genitalia.The second thing you notice is how loud it is. That's because there's a live band. And the live band generally sucks. So your ears are being assaulted with just horrific sounds. Then they have the balls to come around saying that they work for tips, blah blah blah. As if you had to tell me...But enough about that. Here's the strange part - I actually like the place. It's extremely laid back, if you can ever get the bartender's attention. The food is pretty good. They have sweet potato fries there, which I think are fantastic...of course, sometimes you have to yell to get your order in...One thing though...due to its location right smack in the middle of Broadway, it's a tourist haven. I mean, you're on Broadway, there are windows open and there's live music coming out. Steve and Debbie from Wichita are going to come your way, let's be honest.You'll go in there...you'll be like, "This is the trashiest place that's not really trashy that I've ever been in..." and for some reason, you'll keep coming back.
<review# 563,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/9/2011,7/16/2011,60,145,,6,6>I was so impressed when I visited Nashville Humane. The people are friendly and the facility is very clean. I left wishing I could adopt all of the precious puppies here.If you are in the market for a new dog, check here before heading to any breeders. These dogs need loving too.
<review# 564,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/1/2010,7/15/2011,23,25,2,9,5>Black 13 is the best tattoo shop in Nashville.  Hands down.  And no, I haven't been to every tattoo shop in Nashville...but I back this place 100%.First and foremost are the artists; their work is exceptional.  Like  most artists, each has their forte.  With that said, they are also versatile and can adapt to your ideas.  All of my friends who have visited Black 13 end up going back for more.  I've seen awesome color pieces, black & whites, portraits, and so much more.  Up to date, I have had three sessions with Ian. Ironically, I met him at a tattoo convention in Nashville three years ago.  I had been to every vendor at the convention and nobody could grasp the idea of my tattoo.  After speaking with him, he drew exactly what I envisioned and I haven't been tattooed by anyone else since then.   At the time of the convention he was not living in Nashville, so you can imagine my excitement when I learned he was relocating.As for the shop itself, it is a genuine reflection of the artists.  I am always greeted with a smile and laugh.  The accommodations are comfortable, and it is so clean that you could probably eat off of the floors. Whether in town or traveling for conventions, these guys are always busy.  I recommend making an appointment, and of course you can always pop in to meet them and toss around ideas.
<review# 565,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/14/2011,7/14/2011,29,134,5,6,5>I may not be a bubble tea connoisseur, but I know what I like and I like Fat Straw's bubble tea. Maybe it's because they offer an Almond-flavored milk tea and if given the option I would likely drink almond extract straight so great is my love for their lovely flavor. I have tried many of Fat Straw's flavor offerings (even Avocado!) and enjoyed them all, but my personal favorite will always be the almond. In the summer I may change things up and get a bubble smoothie with chunks of fresh fruit in it, but no matter the time of year, I always find bubble tea refreshing.There are of course those people who dislike the tapioca pearls in their drinks (freaks I say!), and it's easy enough to not get those and just have the tea portion of your drink. I appreciate that Fat Straw offers both green and black tea as well as soy milk alongside the regular cow variety. They may not use flavorings that are au naturel, but I've honestly never encountered a bubble tea place that does. Regardless, I think the tea and the add-ins all have great, vibrant flavors, so I'm really not complaining. I love the variety of the offerings here, and I think you get good quality for the money (which isn't really much). Plus they offer a rewards card so your 10th drink is free! It's not like we're spoiling for options here in Nashville when it comes to bubble tea, but Fat Straw is good enough that I never wish there was somewhere else to try.Since this place is smack dab in the middle of Edgehill Village parking can be a pain in the butt, but there's generally somewhere in the lot if street parking is all taken up. Also, this place is CASH ONLY so make sure you have some dollar bills on hand when you hit them up.
<review# 566,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/18/2011,7/13/2011,186,329,4,5,5>Never been a fan of yellow before in my life.  Yellow paint in my room, no thanks.  Yellow pants or a yellow shirt, not even at Easter.  Yellow as one of my favorite team's colors, I think not.But, Yellow Porch, I think so!  In fact, I vote yes, yes, and follow that with a yes.Yellow Porch was my first restaurant try this week during the 2011 Restaurant week.  The experience started off poorly - parking is absolutely awful at Yellow Porch, and I mean atrociously awful in the Hillsboro Village (only Yellow Porch is off Thompson Lane across from 100 Oaks) kind of way.  Once I got beyond the parking mayhem, I was greeted inside by a quaint little dining room in which mirrors abound to make the place feel larger than it truly is.  The wine list was above average for the Nashville area, and prices were on par with Tennessee pricing for wine in a restaurant (booooooo for our 80% tax on alcohol placed on restaurants, which they then pass along to the customer).  We ordered the Malbec.My meal started with an appetizer of sharp cheddar fritters with a relish of some sort.  I can use only one phrase to describe what occurred on my first bite:  party in my mouth!  I swear I could hear the macarena being played because the party in my mouth was so loud.  For dinner, I had the pork loin.  The pork was charred as it should be ever so slightly on both sides locking in the moist flavor of the pork.  I think they go a bit overboard on the apple butter reduction that surrounds the pork, so you might want to ask them to go light on the reduction (it's good, there was just a little much).  The sweet potato pancakes which come as the side with the pork were also stupendous.  I do not partake in dessert, and besides I was full.
<review# 567,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/2/2011,7/12/2011,40,114,4,5,4>Get tired of the overprice drinks and annoying hipsters next door? Wander into a dive bar of working class people with cheap drinks and a juke box peppered with Merle, CDB, Cash, Seger,The Doors and Janis. Got some gnawing hunger pains?  Order up one of the half pound burgers that are close to the top of any burger in town.  The staff is courteous and provides excellent service.  Sure the place is small, but in that smallness is coziness.  Tues nights they have $1 PBR drafts, $1 Bud Light drafts, $2 Premium drafts(1554 at the moment) and $2 off all pitchers.... drafts served in a mason jar, my kinda joint.  Oh, bring cash, you won't need alot of it but you will need it and leave that plastic at home.
<review# 568,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/21/2011,7/11/2011,7,72,4,5,3>I just recently discovered this place. Best cheap date ever! $1.50 tickets: Wha? Wha?! The theatre is older but in decent shape.  It's easy to pretend you're at a regular theatre. They show movies that are too old for current theatres but aren't out on DVD yet. But some of the movies come out on DVD just a week or two after they're shown here. They also sometimes show indie films! It's a mixed bag.The concessions were pretty pricey, so I'd suggest smuggling some in your purse or pockets! Other than that, you can't beat the price!
<review# 569,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/11/2011,7/10/2011,48,118,2,6,6>The enlightened ones, the visionaries of carbonated bliss stood amung us and generously handed us small tumbler after small tumbler of liquid bless. Thank you brewers. Thank you for mastering a craft that stimulates the senses and lightens the heart. (and enables the aesthetically challenged to get layed) A great first event! A few minor tweaks and it will easly be one of Nashville's must attend events! Well done!
<review# 570,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/17/2011,7/9/2011,58,100,3,6,4>I love this place! The two main attractions? 2 for 1 mimosas and queso inside an omelet. Seriously! I've been here for brunch twice. My first time was my first weekend in Nashville and it began our brunch tour of Nashville. I loved it then, but had no idea I was starting out at one of the best brunch places in town. After eating at many, many more restaurants for brunch, I now know this is one of the best. Don't expect to dress up and come here after Church. This place should be worshiped all on its own! It's very casual and relatively inexpensive. When a friend of mine and I decided to meet up for brunch I quickly suggested Mad Donna's. I ordered the Donna's Omelet because it has queso inside! Not just cheese that is melted, but actual queso like you would dip chips in. Although that's all I needed to know was in it, I'll share that it also has black beans in it and is topped with salsa and guacamole. It is heaven. Both times I ordered this omelet I had the roasted potatoes on the side (I'm a firm believer that an omelet should always be accompanied by potatoes in some form). The first time the potatoes had a little too much olive oil on them, but this last time they were perfect!I'm also in love with the Black Raspberry mimosa. I've tried the peach and the pomegranate mimosas, too, and they are good but I'll stick with the Black Raspberry for now. Mad Donna's is awesome about accommodating people with allergies. Both times I've been there I mention I have Celiac disease and need to avoid gluten, and both times the waiter thanked me for telling him and assured me my omelet would be made on a separate line. I love supporting any restaurant that goes out of their way to ensure I can eat safely. Run, don't walk, to Mad Donna's!
<review# 571,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/12/2011,2/19/2011,170,180,1,7,6>A "one-stop" neighborhood. In a 3 block radius, 5 Points contains several bars (5 Spot, 3 Crow, Red Door), a coffee shop (Bongo East), a vintage shop (The Hip Zipper), a bike shop (Eastside Cycles), a hot dog stand (I Dream of Weenie), a great wine shop (Woodland Wine Merchant), and a natural/organic food shop that features many local products (The Turnip Truck). When the weather is decent, Mas Tacos even hits up the 5 Spot on Mondays for 50s dance party. Go here.
<review# 572,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/4/2011,2/18/2011,67,461,2,3,4>With family in town, I thought this would be a nice treat to show that there is some good Asian food in Nashville.Food was great. Had my usual pho with rare flank, well done flank and tendon. Others had catfish with rice. Another had the pho with well done flank, tripe & tendon. Everyone loved it. Food was pretty good on this day - maybe even 4.5 stars worthy good!But at what price? Service was disasterous. An introvert acting as host and waiter. From door opening to order - 15 minutes. He forgot about us and took orders from tables that arrived after us. Then after we ordered, we waited 20 minutes because we were now behind all these people. After we finally got our food, we did not see the host/waiter again come by our table. It was practically a fast food restaurants where they bring your orders to you. Wonder if Miss Saigon being closed had anything to do with the severe understaffing and lack of service today.NOTE: Make sure you get their attention when you are ready to order or otherwise they will forget about you.Remember: Cash only!
<review# 573,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/25/2010,2/17/2011,10,111,,6,2>For some reason, we'd never dined here. So when we picked up a Groupon - $25 for $50 of food - how could you go wrong? Before we left the house, we called, got some recording, then checked their website to see if they took reservations. Didn't find anything. Headed in around 7, figured it was first come/first serve.Wrong.A tad rude head hostess said it was about an hour wait, and suggested we park it, (not in those words, but whatever) on some couches towards the back to wait it out. Instead, we headed over to the bar, camped out behind a sloppy drunk girl while her two male friends coddled her, rubbed her back, faked us out like they were leaving several times before dribbling out the door. I'm so glad we waited, albeit, in the middle of what might best be described as a major thoroughfare inside the restaurant. Bartender Charles, our guiding light for the night, steered us to some of the most delicious tapas I've ever enjoyed. I'm not exaggerating, although I'm sure the yummy dirty Kettle One vodka martini and Kettle One vodka gimlet he plied us with helped - thank you very much!  His suggestion, select a couple minis, move over to the small plates and perhaps, try one of their pizzas. Stuffed peppadews - Charles suggestion - were unbelievably tasty grilled South African peppers stuffed with goat cheese and dusted with chorizo crumbs. From there, we enhaled fried artichoke prepared with a tandoori seasoning and panko breading and served with a tasty hummus.The Moroccan roasted Colorado lamb chops enhanced with a cardamom-curry-saffron rub and a warm bean salad (eh...), were tasty although, even for me, a bit rare. Should have sent them back for a bit more heat, but still cleaned the bones.The wok-roasted white wine and red curry mussels kicked the spice factor up a notch, but weren't as good as I hoped. I wanted to taste more of the mussels. Still, ate them all and mopped up the leftover sauce with the fresh flat bread.Finally, ordered the pad thai served with one shrimp, egg, crispy tofu. Not enough noodles and for the price $13, you can get better around town.Still, we'll be back. Rumba's casual enough to wear whatever and their bar TVs are tuned to sports. Perfect fit.
<review# 574,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/26/2010,2/16/2011,10,19,10,3,19>Once upon a time, I met a cute boy, and we decided to go on a date.  I had to pick the place, and he (jokingly) let me know he was totally going to judge me based on my choice.We went here.  I hadn't been here before, but it turned out to be the perfect date spot.  It's quaint and intimate, in the heart of Sylvan Park.  I don't know how many tables are in the restaurant but it can't be more than twelve.  There's a great patio, too!  It's cool in summer and heated in winter.  Make sure you get reservations.  You may still have to wait a bit, but trust me, it's worth it.The wine and menu options are excellent.  The Lasagna Nonna is, hands down, the best lasagna EVER.  The mix-and-match pasta options are delicious as well, and I highly recommend the agnolotti (smoked gouda ravioli) paired with arrabiata sauce.  Don't even get me started on the cannoli.I'm a complete snob when it comes to Italian food.  I grumbled when I had to move away from Baltimore and all the restaurants in Little Italy there.  They are good, but none of them has anything on Caffe Nonna!The cute boy?  He liked it too.  I think I may suggest that we go to dinner on our upcoming first wedding anniversary there.
<review# 575,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,11/18/2010,2/15/2011,52,174,5,5,5>Boozetopia. Prices are okay. Selection is top notch. Prices are even better when you buy sam's club sizes.Not only is the liquor side good but in the same building is Nashville's best selection of craft beers. The staff is very knowledgeable and have turned me on to some spirits that I had never considered which I have actually come to love better than my previous pricier favorites.
<review# 576,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/5/2010,2/14/2011,51,219,2,4,3>Being a Nashville native, I don't know why it took so long for me to dine at Monell's, but my first experience was just last year, and I had the opportunity to dine there again recently. By far, Monell's is awesome for large groups with their boarding house-style dining. I always thought it was called family-style, but my recent visit educated me further. Boarding house-style means that they bring out several meats, vegetables and other sides to pass around and share with anyone and everyone at your table. You may or may not know everyone at your table, but by the end of your meal you will certainly know everyone a little bit better. If you're on a diet, Monell's might not be the best place for you. Their food is so yummy that you'll want to try at least a little bit of everything. I highly recommend trying the preserves with biscuits, which are served with every meal. Fried chicken, cornbread and banana pudding are the other dishes that are served with every meal. Other offerings can vary between fried catfish, pulled pork, meat loaf, green beans, corn pudding, hashbrown casserole and many other possibilities. Around the holidays and on weekends, it's best to make reservations. Don't be surprised if you have to wait a bit. If the weather is nice, the garden is a lovely place to wait. If you're looking for a place to bring out of town guests, this is the place to take them!
<review# 577,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/19/2010,2/13/2011,130,90,,5,2>Wanting to go sit out on a patio for an early dinner this past Sunday to enjoy the beautiful fall weather, a friend suggested we try this new place Steve's.  Guess it's not technically new as it's been open since April, but I hadn't heard a peep about it.  The sign for Steve's is on Gallatin, but the actual entrance is on the opposite side of the building.  Located upstairs, you walk right onto the large covered patio which boasts views of downtown.  Plenty of four tops all the way up to more than ten tops are scattered throughout with lots of space in between tables so it doesn't feel crowded.  There's also a plasma screen outside showing sports.  The waitress who greeted us was extremely friendly, and later was the indoor bartender.  She recited the list of draft beers ($2 for happy hour) and since most of them are not your typical draft, she even brought out samples to try beforehand.  We both tried and ordered the Sweaty Betty which tastes even better with a lemon wedge.  She went over almost the entire menu with us, giving us her opinions and favorites and customer favorites, and we settled on the Asiago artichoke crab dip for an appetizer.  It was delicious and served with warm garlic bread portions.  Only complaint was that the portion was pretty small.  We then ordered the rib combo to split, which along with ribs comes with a choice of a half roasted chicken, shrimp, or wings.  We opted for the chicken, with fries and a caesar salad for the two sides.  Both the chicken and ribs had excellent flavor.  The ribs weren't the best most authentic bbq in the world, but were still tasty.  I loved the shoestring fries and the salad was great too.  Didn't spend any time inside other than to check it out, but it's clean sleek with modern decor.Overall, I thought this was a great place that seems to be undiscovered by most for now.  It doesn't have the character of some of the more popular East Nashville hangouts in nearby 5 Points, but to escape the crowds, have some good food and beer, and enjoy the patio and maybe a game, it's an excellent choice.
<review# 578,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/28/2010,2/12/2011,23,91,4,8,4>i quite like this wine and liquor store. i have been here many many times as it is on my way home. I have shopped both wine and liquor. The carry my favorite red wine at a decent price which is Jean Boscuet Malbec from Argentina. I have also been here to shop for margarita ingredients and the stuff was pretty helpful and knowledgeable about their products. They recently recommended that I buy El Mayor reposado tequila instead of Reposado Patron because it was much cheaper at a comparable quality and it turns out the guy was right. I was happy with my substitution. I usually don't ask the stuff to make wine recommendations as I don't trust them, and i believe I know way more about wine then they do but one of my friends have old me that he has got good recommendations from the stuff in this particular location.I am pretty happy with this place but i give them 4 stars because of their prices. The liquor and wines are not priced competitively. I have seen the same wine sold for cheaper at other locations. But hey, think about it, who's concerned about prices at Bell Meade !!!
<review# 579,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/30/2010,2/11/2011,15,63,11,8,6>The Saturday following Thanksgiving.  Since I was away from home for the holiday, I didn't have any turkey leftovers.  So I asked myself: "where does one go for leftover turkey?"  I answered myself: "Why, Turkey, of course." Since a flight to Turkey was out of my lunch budget, I opted for the Anatolia Turkish Restaurant, on Nashville's west side.  After driving over the hills and through the woods (well, I assume woods once stood in the area, now it's mostly Interstate) I began my Turkey hunt.  It was truly a hunt, since this restaurant is back from the road, hidden behind Calhoun's Pub.  My GPS also indicated that they were on the left hand (south) side of the road, and they were not.  That's what I get for putting my GPS on the British voice setting.  Always doing things on the wrong side of the road.The restaurant itself looks like it could of been selling clothes a week earlier.  The walls have the grooves to hang shelves or slanted racks.  Some of the shelving even held wine bottles, which was a nice touch for a place with no concept of ambiance.I seldom pass on a shot at a decent bottle of wine, and their wine list was an actual list, which is a good sign.  But the menu also had 2 hot teas available.  Noting that tea is a Turkish custom, and the hot apple tea would fill my 'thanksgiving leftover apple pie' need, I opted for the hot beverage.If you like hot cider, you'll like the hot apple tea.  Not very tea like, but quite delicious.  They serve it in a funny little glass, and keep it refilled.  I had like 3 or 4 glasses of the stuff.  It was good.The bread came out.  Now to get a review on the bread, well, it must be really good, or suck awfully bad.  This is the former.  Hot, toasty yet thick enough to still be bread, and tasty - with or without the flavored olive oil for dipping.The appetizers (5 stuffed grape leaves), were also quite flavorful.  They were cold, and that surprised the both of us.  I'm not sure if that's normal, but it tasted like it was right.  Like a salad in the shape of a egg roll.The Lamb came with a fair amount of spice.  Not hot spice, but a powerful spice that may wreak havoc if you have heartburn issues.  Not familiar enough with Turkish spices I couldn't tell what they were, but it pleased my palate.When they brought the lunch, we went ahead and ordered the Kunefe (they suggest a 20 minute lead time).  Of course by the time I finished my meal (and make no mistake, I couldn't stop eating) I was sorry we ordered even more food.  My sorrow would have to get buried in a plate of wheat and thin filo dough covered cheese.  The desert was clearly meant for 4, but there were only 2 of us.  We ate the whole thing.Nothing like being stuffed on turkey, unless it's not turkey.  And it wasn't.  It was lamb. The lamb might have been from Turkey, so I guess that counts. Did you know they don't have turkeys in Turkey?  Now I have to drive to Sandwich, New Hampshire to see if they have sandwiches there.  Maybe a turkey sandwich.  I digress...As a bonus, we came here armed with a coupon from the "Entertainment" book, which saved us $10.  After taking the $10 off the bill, the waiter gave us the coupon back, to use on our next visit.  And we will use it again.
<review# 580,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/29/2010,2/10/2011,60,145,2,9,4>Lately my fiance and I have been debating the thought of getting another dog. We decided the best place to start looking would be the shelters. I think Metro Nashville Animal Control may be as good as it can get for a shelter. Theres only so much these places can do, but it was very clean and the staff were pleasant. Also, the adoption fees are pretty low (about $85). While I didn't end up walking out with a puppy, and boy was it hard to pass up those sweet little faces, but when I decide I'm ready for another dog this is the place I will hit up first.
<review# 581,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/26/2013,11/20/2013,96,90,,10,2>Before I go on and on about how delicious the food was, I'm going to tell you a bit about the company. Dinner Lab started in New Orleans and now also operates in Austin and Nashville. What they do: Take talented local chefs that don't have the opportunity to cook the food they love in the restaurant at which they work, and give them a venue to cook their dream meal. Each dinner is done pop-up style. The locations vary and are usually very unconventional (think empty warehouse). The chef cooks a five-course meal paired with drinks, while guests sit at long tables, make new friends and eat to their heart's content. I chose to attend the Puerto Rican dinner cooked by talented chef Francisco "Paco" Robert. 24 hours before the event we got an email with a link to the address of the dinner. We pulled up to a warehouse space off of 4th Ave South and walked through a maze of open studs to find a beautiful setup.Dinner Lab really knows how to fancy up an empty space! We arrived at 7 and were welcomed with cocktails. They had a nicely stocked bar, with a talented bartender ready to mix things up to your liking. I went with one of the house drinks which was a sweet tropical punch with a starfruit as garnish. Fancy pants!Our first course was Bunuelos de Bacalo, which are cod fritters. The fritter was served with pickled squash and a lime-crema. This reminded me of Jamaican fish cakes, which I love. It had just the right amount of fishy flavor that was cut nicely with the lime-crema. The drink pairing was a passion fruit mojito which was added some complimentary sweetness to the saltiness of the cod.Our second dish was a bean stew with pig tails. If you have been reading my blog for a while, you know I like all the parts of the pig that most people turn away from, so seeing this on the menu made me happy. I loved the flavor of the pig tails. They were cooked until they were fall-off-the-bone tender and with the beans made a really thick hearty stew. It was paired with a Yazoo Hefeweizen (a beer that is normally too "banana-y" for me) but I thought this pairing was genius. The light fruitiness of the beer really cut the thick fattiness of the stew.Next up was ceviche on roasted eggplant with corn salsa and almonds. I have to be honest- this was the only dish that I thought fell short. The eggplant was overcooked and was pretty soggy and if you add tender and soft ceviche to it, you get an overly mushy plate. I feel like the fish would have been better showcased on a eggplant chip or crusty bread. The upside was the corn and almonds were a really nice addition and added a tad bit of much needed crunch. The ceviche was paired with a white Spanish wine that I enjoyed, considering I'm mostly a red wine gal.Alright people, hold on to your panties, here is the Pièce de résistance of this meal: Lengua a la Fricasse. This dish is braised beef tongue with a pumpkin mash, an onion raisin slaw and some fried pig fat cracklings. I could hardly contain my excitement over this dish! The tongue was perfect, cooked so long and low that the meat just melted in your mouth. And to Chef Paco's credit, the tongue retained amazing flavor and didn't have the curse of being bland. The pumpkin mash and the onion raisin slaw added a really nice sweet note to the fatty tongue. And who can say no to FRIED FAT?! Everything about this dish was beautiful and I will probably try to recreate this in my kitchen sometime soon when I'm feeling brave. The Lengua was paired with a Spanish red wine.Let's talk dessert, because this meal ended on a high note. It's hard to find a well-rounded chef that can also make a really stand out sweet dish (hello every season of Top Chef- I'm looking at you) and Paco had this DOWN. Dessert was Tembleque a Coconut Flan served with dulce de leche, spiked peaches and ajonjoli (candied sesame seeds). I have a soft spot for flan and this was made slightly different, using starch instead of egg as a binder. The consistency was smooth and cool and was cut with the rum of the peach. I will admit that I made sure to pick up all the caramel from the plate with my finger. I HAVE NO FOOD SHAME. The drink that was paired with this was like a Puerto Rican version of egg nog, but fancier and way better than any egg nog I've ever had. It was thick and sweet (condensed milk FTW) and I even went back to beg the bartender for seconds. Overall, I was totally impressed with this dinner and everything Dinner Lab is trying to do. I would be remiss if I didn't mention the polite and attentive waitstaff and the fact that everyone made a pointed effort to make guests comfortable, happy, and encourage mingling.
<review# 582,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/21/2013,11/16/2013,48,118,3,6,5>Hark! What is that sound?!? Look! it's a rare sight! A gastropub in the suburbs! I'm going to type this quietly so I don't frighten it away. Bellevue is desperately in need of this kind of establishment and man is it a welcome treat! I've darkened their bar stools and booths a few times now and have never been disappointed. It boasts an ever changing draft selection, each one finer than the last ( rumor  has it the owner is a brew master, thus the fine beer selection).  As for food I've had the burger, the fish taco and the Shepard's pie, everything was great!The service is quick and friendly the decor is pleasing and there are TVs for sports ( even soccer!) I was also surprised to find the clientele to be a delightful mix of interesting folks and not at all the mindless drowns one usually equates with suburban sprawl. I will keep a close eye on this rare creature in the hopes it spawns more establishments of a similar nature. and well... I may enjoy a pint or two while in the process.
<review# 583,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/23/2013,11/15/2013,111,160,,7,2>When I got here to meet a friend for dinner, I made it here first and sat on my trunk in the parking lot waiting. This turned out to be a beneficial detail, since I noticed outside the restaurant, they have their own garden full of various spices and vegetables used in their recipes. When we looked over the menu, it made even more sense, because I saw their "Curry of the Day" section. This is an awesome idea- serving up one kind of curry each day to ensure freshness of the ingredients. While it might have been an inconvenience if your heart was set on a certain type of curry, I was in luck because Wednesday happened to be green curry day. Green curry is the spiciest, and therefore my favorite. The food exceeded our expectations. Mine was super-spicy, but still edible. It would have been more enjoyable paired with an Asian beer, but alas, they don't serve alcohol. We had laughed at the pad thai description on their menu.. it said something about how their pad thai was prepared traditionally, and not in the sticky-sweet American style. I kind of like this detail, and it might explain why some were unimpressed with this dish, since it's not the typical pad thai we're used to eating. It's on my agenda to try next time I'm here.
<review# 584,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/16/2013,11/14/2013,149,113,6,7,5>The country breakfast is actually insane, in the best way possible. I ate so much and didn't want to stop, but in the name of being socially acceptable I had to cut myself off. The biscuits and gravy were incredible. I am at a loss for words at how good this place was, and you pay a flat price of $14.95 for the breakfast which includes (brace yourself) - biscuits and gravy, pancakes, cinnamon rolls, scrambled eggs, ham, bacon, sausage, roasted potatoes, corn pudding, grits, fried chicken, spiced apples and there is coffee and sweet/unsweet tea on the table. Ermagerrrdd. We got here around 10am and waited for 10 minutes. I've heard if you arrive after the church crowd the waits can be upwards of an hour. Get there early and with a big appetite and you will not be disappointed.
<review# 585,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/19/2012,11/13/2013,75,34,,7,4>I kept seeing this place from I-65 on my drive into work every morning, so I decided to pop in on a day off. I had been in the market for a home defense shotgun, and I needed some advice on where to begin. It was a perfect chance to test out the staff.I was impressed with the layout of the store. The "showroom" is very spacious, with a long display of handguns and long arms to the right and a giant indoor shooting range to the left that I have yet to check out. From what I could tell, they seem to pretty much only have brand new firearms. I'm a big fan of vintage and historical pieces, so that would be my only real complaint.Most of the big gun shops like this in middle Tennessee have been extremely crowded and slow of service. Therefore, it surprised me to wait only a few minutes before one of the large number of staff greeted me. We had a great 10 minute discussion about the realities of using a firearm for home defense, and he pulled several models off the rack for me to hold - even ones that were obviously out of my price range, but that I wanted to geek out over. He got four stars alone for letting me indulge myself.The prices here are more akin to a Bass Pro than a place like Academy Sports - a little high, but not unreasonable. The service and courtesy of the staff makes it worth spending a little more, in my opinion. While I didn't walk out that day with anything, I did feel a lot more informed for a future purchase.A firearm is a big purchase, and it's something worth taking serious consideration. If you're new to firearms, you really need to take your time and check out all your options before rushing out to buy a gun. That's why a lot of gun shops can be so intimidating. There's a culture built around shooting that can appear arrogant and unwelcoming to newcomers (although I've found that facade usually disappears once you start to engage people).That's why this store really stands out in my mind. They have patience with everyone, and they will really take the time to walk through everything with customers. I'm definitely going to be coming back soon.
<review# 586,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/26/2013,11/12/2013,98,238,,7,2>Honestly, I have no complaints. This has to be one of the best sushi experiences I have had in a long time. For such a small place they were packed when we got there and the two waitresses were obviously overwhelmed. However, they seemed to manage to keep their wits about them and the service was excellent. As for the food, Wow!It makes me very happy that it is actually becoming easier to find good, fresh, sushi in and around the Nashville area. This place easily outdoes Sake up in Cool Springs and runs toe to toe with some of the best sushi restaurants I have found in Nashville. Yet, they are more than sushi, they are Vietnamese, Thai and if I remember correctly Chinese as well. Likewise their prices are comparable to most other sushi bars of this quality.For having only been open about a month they are well on their way to becoming one of the best sushi restaurants in Franklin. Now all they need to do is hire one or two more people to their wait staff and make sure they all know the menu inside and out. While the service was great, I had to explain to our waitress what Chirashi was. I did not mind though given that the restaurant was new, and I somehow doubt they have dozens of people coming in daily for their Chirashi, which was absolutely amazing and delicious.
<review# 587,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/5/2013,11/11/2013,76,472,1,14,6>So this place had only been open for THREE weeks when we arrived for dinner.  My fiance and I decided to check it out, as we are always in search of new and wonderful places to eat!  We were not disappointed with the Seafood Shack of Tennessee!Location - This is not located in the midst of the major shopping or out in the popular Indian Lake area.  You have to go looking for it but trust me, it is worth looking for.  Try it!Atmosphere - The restaurant is large and clean.  There is not a lot of decorations or frills on the walls (which I rather like!).  There are no TVs blasting sports (again, I love this!) and there was a nice soft classical jazz mix playing over the speakers.Food - I ordered the blackened fish with grit cakes.  First time I had ever had grit cakes and wow!  They are so delicious! The fish was perfectly cooked and the spice was perfect!  Not too hot and plenty of flavor.  My fiance ordered the broiled fish platter.  It came with several types of broiled fish, tasty and lightly seasoned.  We also ordered a crawfish mac and cheese to split, on our waiters recommendation.  It was very good! Cheesy, plenty of crawfish and large penne noodles.  We both had a drink on tap (me a Crispin cider, fiance a local from Yazoo, Dos Perro).   Both of our meals came with the salad bar as well (as do all entrees).  The salad bar has a nice selection it, including fresh fruit, some mixed salads and the soup of the day.  This day, the soup was a seafood gumbo.  We were sooo tempted by the desert buffet but too full to try it.  We will definitely be back just to try the coffee and desert some night!Waiter - our waiter was Max.  He was helpful and informative and gave us information about this new business, owner and chef.   It is always nice to hear about the details behind the place you're eating at!  Bottom line.....we will eat here again.   Try it !!!
<review# 588,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/8/2013,11/10/2013,25,41,1,6,5>I'm not entirely sure what is wrong with me, but I'm not a big fried chicken fan. The grease, the salt...if I'm going to eat something bad for me, it's probably not going to be fried chicken. But this, this has changed my mind. No, we haven't ventured to the "real" hot chicken places, though this scratches my itch perfectly. I am warning you, this is not the place to have a first date because it gets seriously messy. Parking is a problem, but in this part of town, that's par for the course.I ordered the small, dark plate, hot with a side of Southern greens and coleslaw to try and sneak some veggies into my diet. The hot level was perfect for me, definitely some burn but not unbearable, particularly with a local Mayday brew to quench the fire. The outside breading had the perfect crunch and heat while the meat was tender and pulled away from the bone without too much effort. Very good. The sides were just okay, definitely not the main event.My husband got the large white plate, also hot, with a side of coleslaw and pimento mac n' cheese. It seemed like his came with two breasts and two legs rather than the one leg that was advertised. Extra chicken for us! I thought that mine was quite a bit easier to eat, but that's my preference. A bite of his mac 'n cheese left an impression - yum! I may have been misguided, trying to eat a little healthier at a fried chicken place.Seating is kind of limited. We ended up outside on the patio. Even on a humid summer evening, the patio stayed cool thanks to a breeze and the fans, so it wasn't too bad, but extreme weather might make it difficult to find a place to sit. All in all, we'll definitely be back, particularly to take some food home. I now have a hot chicken itch.
<review# 589,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/21/2013,11/9/2013,94,224,,5,2>I am not sure why it took me so long to finally come here. Maybe it's my addiction to the 12 South area, or maybe it was the plain ole lack of seating, but I just recently started coming here more often.The coffee here is top notch. I love that they have homemade syrups, and I love even more that they have almond milk! And if you've attempted their GF cookies, you know that they are to die for. To. Die. For. Amazing!And as if the goods aren't good enough, the service is top notch. The staff is super nice and friendly, and doesn't ever rush your order, even when they have a line out the door! Which is sometimes the case because the place is pretty tiny.I am super excited to see their upgraded digs, but I'd definitely recommend this coffee shop to just about anybody!
<review# 590,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/18/2013,11/8/2013,40,166,6,6,6>Hear me out before you write this review off as a typical Canadian who would give a hockey game 5 stars even if it was played by toddlers with broom sticks on a tennis court. Yes, hockey is in my blood, and yes, I would probably go see those toddlers play with broomsticks if there was a puck involved, but you don't even have to know the rules of the game to enjoy a night with the Preds. Preds games are a strange phenomenon that I can only attribute to a bunch of rowdy SEC football fans embracing hockey in their own way.  There is constant chanting and singing and taunting and hand gestures (not that one).  The always lively section 303 will lead the arena in a cheer for just about every thing that happens on the ice.  Even if you know nothing about hockey, by the end of the first period (there are 3, fyi) you'll know what to say when and will be yelling right along with them.  Goals are celebrated with a 15 year old music video featuring Tim McGraw in Preds gear, if we score 4 goals you get a free Wendy's frosty after the game, you can score tickets to just about any game for under $20, usually on the day of (UNHEARD OF in most NHL towns), and there's a live band at every game between periods... How can you not love this?!Just like any professional sports venue, the beer is overpriced, you'll undoubtedly have some kind of bad experience with an overindulged fan at some point if you attend enough games, and parking is expensive unless you want to walk forever, but those are kind of in the definition of professional sports, aren't they?So head over to Bridgestone, throw up your fang fingers, pucker up for the kiss cam, and enjoy your solo cup of beer with the most energetic and loyal NHL fans you'll ever meet.  Also, wings suck.
<review# 591,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/18/2010,3/2/2011,106,124,3,3,3>Hubby and I went to see Janelle Monae...we had a blast. The venue is fab in the most unassuming way.  I only got one drink, a Lemon Drop...DELISH.  They have great music here...not the same old commercial crap.  In order to survive you will need to put on your grown up panties because everywhere good things are, jerks like to go to!  Be prepared for people pushing trying to get in front of you.  Be prepared for drunk and underage people to be lurking around.  Its all in fun.  Do yourself a favor and take in a show at Mercy.
<review# 592,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/14/2010,3/1/2011,81,46,1,10,6>OK, I'm going on record saying this is the best place in Nashville to get your traditional Banh Mi Vietnamese sandwich.  Though i've only tried Kien Giang, Far East Nashville, and Dai Viet here in Nashville. I did grew up in an area known for its Vietnamese fare.  For those that are unfamiliar, its served on a baguette with either butter, mayo or pate as a condiment.  It also has pickled veg, cucumber, chilies, and a grilled meat (pork is the best)  Seems relatively simple but man oh man it's good.   When you come in, you've got to put your order at the register and they give a quick call to the back of the store to be made.  It's a great deal at under $3.The grocery is a great place to find more of your exotic Asian ingredients.  And personally i like the feel of this smaller market as opposed to a Wal-Mart esque grocery like the K&S Market.  Also, remember to bring cash, because they don't accept credit cards. On weekends, they have another gem that is difficult to find in Nashville. Roast Duck and Roast Pork.  Get there early cause it sells out quickly, and you don't want to miss out on there succulent meats.  Yum.
<review# 593,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/17/2010,2/28/2011,55,201,6,7,6>Zac's review is pretty spot on...be prepared to be overtaken by young 18 something year old Vandy kids.  Not that it's a bad thing, it just gets very loud, especially considering the limited seating options in the front.  The scene was much quieter on a Sunday night.Now on to the fro-yo - I much prefer Sweet Cece's version to Pinkberry, but not because Pinkberry is pretentious as some disgruntled reviewer has mentioned.  I like it better because of the endless options, the lower prices, and the fact that it's a local business.  I do, however, enjoy Pinkberry's pumpkin version and praline topping much better.I could live on the Irish Mint and be a happy man for the rest of my life.  Imagine the best Ande's mint in a frozen yogurt format with mountains of toppings to choose from.  I find the Irish mint yogurt with an added touch of Heath bar to be the best combo for my tastes.  Did I mention how ridiculously good the cheese cake topping is?  I could probably come in and just fill my cup with cheese cake and be happy.I love the serve yourself and charge by the weight concept.  I'm sure I'll be coming back often for a quick and inexpensive treat.
<review# 594,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/4/2010,2/27/2011,116,220,2,3,3>Dannng! My darling new friend and I headed over to Patterson House after a beer at Red Door, and almost made the faux paus of entering the bar area (through a curtain) without the formal invite of the hostess. After two dudes sitting in the waiting area gave me eyes that could only be described as hostile, I determined I had better back it up and await the invitation. We were seated at the bar, which is old timey and had a classy air. The place was pretty packed, but it wasn't loud; it's not the kind of place one would feel comfortable getting belligerent in. I had the honest to goodness most incredible drink I've ever tasted, and I sure wish I could remember the name to tell you. I picked up the tab, and for our two drinks and a tip, I spent $27.00. But it was worth it. I've heard tell that if someone wants to approach a lady in there, you have to ask the bartender first to ask her before approaching. I have no idea if that's true, but it sounds enticing, doesn't it?
<review# 595,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/18/2010,2/26/2011,90,83,6,13,9>Play is a great bar IF you have your expectations in check.You need to understand that this bar is an 18+ bar and as such - sometimes you'll see immaturity on display inside.  Also, unlike most bars where there are chairs right up at the bar where you can sit, relax and have a drink - Play doesn't have a single chair sitting at the bar.  There are some tables and places to sit - just not right at the bar.  But, all that being said - if you like drag shows, friendly bartenders and great music from a live DJ - you'll love Play.They do charge a cover - anywhere from 5 dollars on up - depending on the night and the event.  I have never been there when you didn't have to pay a cover and that gets on my nerves some times - because I'm an adult and I'm paying to drink - I shouldn't have to pay for the privilege to drink in your establishment.  However, I digress.  So, aside from the cover - the drinks aren't too expensive.  However, I am used to paying 6 bucks for a drink at most other bars - so, paying that here doesn't bug me too much.  If you want to get drinks quickly during the drag show - you can go to any one of the 3 bars in the dance area and get served quickly.  Once the shows are over - go back into the showroom once the dance floor fills up.  Play is basically divided in half.  The show bar and the dance bar.  There is also an outside patio area both upfront and out the back door where you can go to smoke if you so choose.  The bathrooms are huge and very clear - however, being a gay bar the sex rules are a bit more relaxed.  So, I frequently see women in the mens bathroom and vice-versa.  The dance floor is incredible.  It really is!  I have had friends from New York and LA fly in to see me and most are just floored at how incredible this dance bar is - in the heart of Nashville none-the-less.At 11 and 1 on Friday and Saturday there is a drag show performed by some very talented drag queens.  Occasionally Play will have a special guest visiting to perform - and sometimes they have porn stars or other people are visiting for some special event.  If you want the most up-to-date information - its best to visit the website (Playdancebar.com) and they have a complete listing of all the events they have coming up.  Most people in Nashville visit Tribe (which is next door) early in the evening and visit Play around 10:30 or 11 at night.  So, this is a late night club for sure.So, to sum up:Play is a great dance bar - as long as you aren't expecting a quiet night sitting at a bar with soft music.  Its a high energy dance club with LOTS of people on the weekend packed shoulder to shoulder.  You'll get to see some of the best drag queens in Nashville (or anywhere for that matter).  Drinks are reasonable and served up by friendly and handsome bartenders.  Go, you'll have fun.  Trust me!
<review# 596,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,9/20/2010,2/25/2011,6,89,3,5,2>We tried this place tonight. If you like Mediterranean food, it's okay but not spectacular. I had a gyro plate, which included some tasty pita bread. My husband had a grilled chicken plate, and he said it was so-so. The rice was flavorful, the meat wasn't greasy, and the salad was filled with a variety of flavors.While I waited, I was offered a sample of their fruit tea. Good stuff. They also carry baklava and cheesecake if you're interested in dessert. I'd like to try one of their smoothies since they offer a variety of flavors. Customer service was friendly and attentive, which is a major plus.Overall, it deserves 3.5 stars, but since Yelp doesn't offer that, I have to settle for 3.
<review# 597,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/13/2010,2/24/2011,105,145,9,8,7>If I ever get to write a review this fun again, I don't k now when it will be.Trent Rosenbloom is a doctor, but he has a second and more important job - Trent is Nashville's Mohel.Now for anyone who does not know what a mohel is, he is the guy who is responsible for helping Jewish families fulfill the commandment to bring their children into the Covenant of Abraham  - in other words, he is  - The Circumciser!I've had the opportunity to use Trent twice in this regard. My oldest is five and my third is now 2 1/2.The first time was exceedingly difficult. I had been to circumcision ceremonies before. I was fairly knowledgeable about what goes on and I even knew it was the responsibility of the father to perform the act, unless he cannot, in which case he designates someone else - the moyel.I had never met Trent before, but into my house strode this dred locked guy who told me he was not only a doctor, but also the mohel. We discussed the ceremony in some detail as well as the preparation for my son. We readied the tools he needed and he showed me the clamp he would use and the scalpel I would use, as I opted to do the cut myself.The Rabbi said some nice words - I was in a bit of a fog - and  Trent  prepared my son and handed me the scalpel. The last thing I remember was him commenting on his size (from his mothers side of the family) and then I stated. Since he was indeed large, I didnt get it all at first and had to go back. Time stopped except for the whispers of my family standing close and saying - Why is it taking so long. Its not supposed to take this long is it? Is something wrong?Fortunately, I finished and did just  fine and it came out great.Of course Trent was a big help as he made fun of me for it for the next 5 years (and counting)We had no drama with my younger child and in fact, it went so smoothly that we convinced another friend and elite Yelper to perform the ceremony himself when it was his kids time.If you're Jewish and have a boy, there is no finer mohel in Nashville than Trent Rosenbloom.
<review# 598,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/6/2011,2/23/2011,9,11,2,6,5>Recently, I had been looking for a new salon. After having the same person cut my hair for 11 years, I was ready for a change. A friend of mine suggested Trim. I am so glad I took the suggestion!When I called, the woman on the phone was so friendly! She explained to me how Trim worked and suggested who I should see for my first appointment. I ended up going the day after I came down with the flu. I had already had to reschedule my appointment once because of weather and travel issues. When I arrived, someone came and asked me if I wanted anything to drink! Such a nice touch. Laura Beth was my stylist and she was awesome! So cute and bubbly. She didn't seem to mind that I was so run down because of the flu/medicine. She made suggestions for the cut and I trusted her! My hair looked AMAZING! She cut it and then did a blow out. I have curly hair and almost exclusively use a straightener when I want my hair straight. I had neglected my blow dryer. Never once did she put a straightener to my hair and the results were great. My hair was beautiful and it had body!I put it to the test when I was able to recreate the look at home! Another great aspect of Trim is that they do free bang trims! Finally, I went to my mailbox today and found a card from them thanking me for coming to Trim. It was a really nice touch. You can tell that customer service is really important to them. Overall, I was very impressed with my experience and will definitely go back!
<review# 599,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/21/2010,2/21/2011,4,12,,2,3>The Station Inn is the realest Nashville experience there is. It packs in fans every night for a variety of bluegrass, country, folk, and swing acts, most of them local working musicians. Cover hovers around ten to fifteen dollars, and the bar serves up surprisingly mean barbecue and pizza.Especially of note is the every-Monday-night $15 cover Time Jumpers show, a 'therapy act' for top-of-the-line session musicians to jam and unwind playing old-style music and having a good time. Superstar friends of the band frequently drop by to play a few songs -- Vince Gill, for one, is practically a regular member -- and the show has the intimate feel of old friends having fun. It's all the same folks you'd see at the arena downtown, except they're having more fun and you paid one tenth of the price. Standard fare at the Station Inn.
<review# 600,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/30/2010,2/20/2011,80,87,2,5,3>This beautiful place hidden in Franklin is a fabulous place for a wedding.The Good:1) The whole building is great for photos but the view overlooking the golf course is incredible. You can have your ceremony outside on the course or (If rain ruining your awesome outside ceremony is your biggest fear like mine was) inside in a room with the EXACT same view.2) You don't have to be a member to get married here and it isn't an overpriced venue like some other country clubs.3) The food was excellent. They have packages that can pretty much cater to anything. Buffet? Check. Sit down meal? Check. Beef, Chicken, Fish AND vegetarian options? You've got it.4) You can both your ceremony AND reception here. This was the biggest thing we were looking for and were super excited to know you can have both rooms.5) There is a locker room area where everyone can get ready. Another BIG plus.The Only Bad (and reason for taking away 1 star):The party stops at 10:45. My family likes to party late so all the late night folks had to continue the celebration elsewhere. If you are planning an afternoon wedding or you've had enough celebrating  by 10:30ish then its no big deal.Definitely add this as a place to at least check out while searching for wedding venues. Hopefully you'll be as pleasantly surprised as we were!
<review# 601,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/25/2011,12/29/2011,80,87,4,7,4>Challah! (Yep, cheesy but I went there.)  This place has some of the best fresh challah I've ever had, and definitely the best in town. Of course, Publix might be the only other place you can find it fresh here, but until I find better Alpha Bakery is keeping the title. They only have it Friday's and Saturday's but it's worth it to stop in and get some.I've tried other fresh breads from here and it's definitely the star of the place.  I have yet to have a non delicious loaf of bread from here. The Japanese pastries are also yummy, but you usually have to get there fairly early in the day to get the good stuff.Overall, if you're looking for something a little different than what your typical neighborhood grocery store bakery has to offer definitely stop in. Try something new, it's probably delicious.
<review# 602,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/9/2011,12/28/2011,105,145,5,7,5>Like many people, I like drinking - not like getting drinking to get drunk drinking, but drinking to have fun drinking. Lately, I have been working hard on my bourbon skills, buying way too much liquor and taking distillery tours. Kentucky is grand and all, but as a proud Tennessean,  I have also toured both the Jack Daniels and Geroge Dickel distilleries. While they were both great, they were large and fairly impersonal affairs. But there is an alternative and it is right here in Nashville.I was recently privileged to take a private tour of the Corsair Artisan Distillery. Located in the old Yazoo Brewery location in the Marathon Motorworks building, the distillery shares its space (and equipment) with Collier and McKeel (who was coincidentally also there when I received my tour, making it extra great).The tour was conducted by one of the owners, Darek Bell, and was fascinating. Artisan prides itself on being rebel distillers (as opposed to Rebel Brewers, another great destination). They were busy at work making several of their varieties, including Rasputin Hopped Whiskey and Triple Smoke American Single Malt (for the snobby Scotch drinkers out there - single malt an Made In America!)When I was there they were also experimenting with a chamomile tea whiskey and a whiskey made from a traditional Russian beer recipe. Darek explained every step of the brewing and distilling process-  how each phase works, what the machinery does and did so in prose that showed his bubbling passion, knowledge and love for the art and science (in his case, mad science) of distilling.  Several times he consulted a book he is working on publishing which has recipes and showcases his mad distilling skills.Two items of extra special note were the copper still that had been saved throughout Prohibition by hiding out in a Kentucky barn and that is now proudly back in service (a find by Collier and McKeel I might add) and the small copper pipe (2' high x 3" around) complete distillery that Darek had made in order to produce small hand crafted batches of whiskey so he could perfect many of his extra-ordinary recipes.They have kept the Yazoo tasting room open, adding several other delicious beers as well (from Albita and he like) as well as an outside patio/courtyard. They also have a special room for private events and parties (they have even had a couple of weddings there).I don't know if they have any type of regularly scheduled tours set up, but if given the chance to go back, I would jump.
<review# 603,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/9/2011,12/27/2011,50,171,,4,4>the most important thing about Bishops is that my kids like it. This makes for a pleasant meal with little complaining. The food is good, usually coming out of the kitchen just before being served on the line. It is usually crowded at meal time and the dining area is small but we've never had to wait for a table. The atmosphere is clean but dull. While not cheap, the prices are reasonable and kid's meals are a full serving for partial price. Staff is welcoming and take good care of you. The meats are always really good. Carrot souffle is a standard on our list. But southern veggies like green beans seem to be straight from the can. For the style, I'd rather eat at Barbara's or Daily dish.
<review# 604,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/20/2011,12/26/2011,51,219,,5,2>When anyone in the Nashville area asks for recommendations for an OB/GYN, I always let them know that Dr. Carol McCullough at Tennessee Women's Care is the best. I started going to Dr. McCullough several years ago when I lost faith in my previous doctor. Dr. McCullough has always taken the time to make sure that all of questions and concerns are answered or taken care of. There have been very few times that I have had to wait beyond my appointment time, but Dr. McCullough has always been very apologetic when it happened.
<review# 605,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/2/2011,12/25/2011,10,110,1,11,3>4.5 stars rounding up. I admit that I am not an expert by any means of Ethiopian (I have tried exactly two Ethiopian restaurants ), but I enjoy this restaurant immensely.  Nashville has a large Ethiopian and Somali community, and I think it shows in some great cuisine here. First a few notes; bring some friends along-this is a great communal meal and adds an extra family-style bonding to dinner.  Also, as the only utensils are your hands, be sure to wash before and after the meal-I don't want this place to close due to some fool going down with Salmonella.   The basic structure of the meal revolves around the Enjera/Injera, a sourdough-like slightly leavened flatbread, The unrolled bread is about 24 inches in diameter (but around 1/4 in thick) and is consumed by tearing off hunks and consuming by hand. Various salads, stews and vegetable pastes are placed on top of the injera, and may be picked up with the torn flatbread pieces.All orders are brought together and placed on a single injera slab, and extra rolls of injera are placed besides us to starting the picking process. This initiates a free-for-all as everyone begins picking and eating. Gojo makes great vegetable dishes, including the delicious mildly spicy lentil paste Miser W'et, slightly sour split pea paste Kik Aletcha, a chickpea dish Shiro W'et, and Tikle Gomen, an absolutely delicious garlicky curry cabbage. These legume-heavy, mild pastes contrast well with the slight sourness of the injera, and induced some child-like obsession with dipping among yours truly.     Gojo also makes great lamb dishes.  The Yebeg T'ibs, sauteed lamb chunks with onions and spices including rosemary, differed completely from Yebeg Alicha, a mushy curried lamb, contributing a thick meat-and-potatoes taste and the more subtle pulled pork-like spiced shredded meat taste to the meal; both were quickly consumed.   Some Ethiopian tea was ordered as well.  It is quite strong stuff, and has some additional hint of sweetness. The only menu item that did not particularly thrill me was the Doro w'et; at the other Ethiopian restaurant I have tried, the chicken was shredded and immersed in an immensely spicy sauce; here, it was two chicken legs sorely lacking piquancy, which made for some difficulty in both kick and ease in consuming the meal communally. All meat dishes were around $10 each, while vegetable dishes were around $8 each, though two meat and two vegetable dishes may be purchased for $12.50 while four (or five depending on the mood of the chef) vegetable dishes may be purchased for $10.50. Pooled together, it created an almost hors d'uvre-like sample plate, allowing us to try some seven different meals, for about $30 total. Though thin, the bread is quite filling, and you will be satisfied by the end.The restaurant staff were quite prompt, as well as patient and friendly, pointing out and explaining interesting dishes. Furthermore, as the rolled injeras were consumed, a nice old lady that I assume to be the proprietor or cook walked around with a skillet, replacing the baskets with freshly made bread. Finally, as the food items above disappeared, we tore the bottom injera-now soaked with sauces- to pieces and consumed it with relish. Gojo is located on a strange corner of Thompson Lane and was fairly difficult to find. The parking lot was also somewhat small with no marked parking dividers.  I have no other complaints otherwise.I have taken some five different people in three different trips, and all liked the place and agreed that it was absolutely delicious and would return. If you've ever been interested in Ethiopian Cuisine, this is the place to be.
<review# 606,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/24/2011,12/24/2011,60,145,,6,2>After calling the Germantown Cafe and finding out there was a 45 minute wait, I figured I should give Germantown Cafe East a try instead. My party was seated immediately even though we were still waiting on another person to join us. My friend and I couldn't decide between the chicken dish with mashed potatoes or the green plate. We decided to get each and share. Both dishes were delicious. The green plate is a wonderful option for those that are trying to eat healthy/vegetarian without wanting to sacrifice flavor.If you were hoping to head to Germantown Cafe without a reservation, give East a chance. You'll probably have much less of a wait.
<review# 607,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/10/2010,12/23/2011,90,83,2,5,5>Let's get one thing straight right off the bat.  If you are looking for something trendy where people are all dressed up and drinking fancy drinks - this isn't the place for you.If you are still reading - and looking for a good Mexican restaurant with reasonable prices and strong drinks - look no further!  Its super casual with a 'come as you are' attitude.  Its right across the street for Pie in the Sky (another favorite of mine) in the Lenox Village area on Nolensville Rd.During warmer weather a friend and I are known to share a couple pitchers of margaritas and chow down on some good, fresh Mexican food on the outside patio.  If you go any night of the week during the spring and summer - you'll find the patio packed.Personally - I enjoy the shredded beef chimichanga which has the glorious melted white queso over it with beans and rice (7.99).  The chips and salsa are great as is the queso dip (2.99 for the queso dip on the side).  I also enjoy their tacos (a little over a dollar for 1 beef taco).  The shells are very fresh and light with a generous amount of crumbled queso fresco cheese.  (I know I've mentioned the cheese 3 times now - but its soooo good in all the ways they serve it).Most every night they have a drink special of some sort.  However, I love the pitchers of margaritas!!  They can be strong, of course...but they are cheap.  Around 15 bucks for a pitcher and it is a BIG pitcher.  Buying a couple margaritas elsewhere would cost you a much.  So, usually - dinner, drinks and tip - I'm out the door for around 30 bucks.  But we have split 2 pitchers, had a great dinner with chips, salsa and queso (the queso is extra).  If you come there enough (I do) they start to get to know you.  The servers are always friendly and they always want to make sure you had a good time.  Oh, and I almost forgot - I recently had their sangria.  It was incredible.  You have to try it too!  Check the board when you come in - they'll have their drink specials listed there.If you are looking for a great place to go to have some good, authentic mexican food for not a lot of money - I have to recommend El Sombrero.
<review# 608,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/13/2011,12/22/2011,3,44,3,3,2>First of all - its the only place in Nashville you can get Peruvian chicken.  It's usually filled with what my friends would refer to as "good talent".  It's tough that you have to pay for the chips/salsa/cheese, and the line can be a little ridiculous, but once you're seated it's usually a good time.The Mexican Street Corn is as good as anything else you can buy on a Mexican street, but with this treat you don't have to be constantly looking over your shoulder. So basically the wait is ridiculous, the prices ain't cheap, and the service isn't fast - but I somehow go back and find it worthy of five stars.
<review# 609,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/15/2011,12/21/2011,52,174,2,9,4>Pupusa is a funny looking word but it sure is some serious food.This is the only El Salvadorian food I've ever had but I really love this place. For around $10 you can get your fill of pupusas, a bowl of chips + salsa, and a beer (Modelo... duh). That isn't even a lunch special, that is the regular dinner price. IT'S CRAZY, I KNOW.I always get one cheese, one pork, and one loroco pupusa. Pile them high with curtido (cabbage relish) and tomato sauce and it is a chore to eat all three.  I always feel bad when I am leaving because I feel like i just committed a robbery.About the only thing I don't like is that this place is located in the far southeastern clutches of Antioch. Don't let the distance deter you though because I've been here over a half dozen times and the food is always worth it.  The bottom line is that you'll have a hard time finding something so good for a cheaper price.
<review# 610,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/22/2011,12/20/2011,159,379,4,8,6>Five Stars1. This church is the perfect church for people who are not perfect.2. The choir and the music is second to none.3. The folks who teach the Bible here do a great job.4. The church is growing with people who want to learn, love, and serve.5. They serve Abba Java (Locally Roasted)! Leave a token of your appreciation in the jug...what a bargain!6. The church has real YMCA on it's campus. Very cool.Link to the YMCA website for the CCYMCA location: ymcamidtn.org/center/chr
<review# 611,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/7/2013,8/24/2013,74,82,3,5,6>When you go to a restaurant its a very easy thing to review. I mean it's pretty simple, The food was good, the service sucked, etc..... Now when I sat down to write this review I had to think long and hard about everything I wanted say to make sure that I covered every aspect of the farm and what they do there. So here goes....This is a locally owned and operated farm run by Jonathan and Judith, which are two of the nicest people I have had the pleasure to come across. They offer a wide range of goods depending on the season. They sell chickens which are borderline small turkeys a couple of times of year that have been fed with certified organic grain. You can buy fresh farm eggs and they offer all natural grass fed beef with no hormones. Also they are in the process of offering honey. The great thing about this place is number one the products are top notch and if you try live a healthy lifestyle their meat and eggs can't be beat. Number two is the way they go about running their business. Jonathan was just awarded "Conservation Farmer of the year" for the mid state. Everything they do is very "Green" from the use of solar panels to run their irrigation pumps to using natural springs to water the animals. They are also very involved with local farm coalitions which try to promote success and continuation of family owned farms. Their dedication and efforts toward this cause is very commendable. I have actually had a chance to go and take a tour of the farm and see some of day to day operations. The work that goes into running a small farm is overwhelming. Talking to Jonathan about all his efforts was impressive though just because of the joy he gets from this. You can just tell when someone actually loves what they do.So if you are looking for some chicken, beef or even some eggs, I highly recommend this farm. The whole point of Yelp is spreading the word about great places and the majority of it's members do their best to support locally owned bussinesses and I can't think of a better one to get behind. Take the short drive from Nashville to Joelton even if it's just to visit the farm. I know from first hand experience your kids will love getting to see the animals, you will enjoy getting a tour and learning about farm life and the process behind rasing organic beef.Trust me on this, you will not find better tasting meat or meat thats better for you around anywhere! Tell them you are from Yelp for a special discount and tell them I sent you. Better yet you might want to forget that I sent you. They might charge you double!
<review# 612,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/7/2013,8/23/2013,69,60,3,8,5>Full disclosure here, my wife works for the hotel in which this fine restaurant resides.  That said, I always strive to provide unbiased and fun reviews and I intend to do so here.So, Mason's.  Ever wonder what cool looks like?  Well look no further.  Mason's does something that so many new Nashville eateries have failed to do: be cool without screaming it from the roof tops.  The whimsy of its theme is immediately apparent when you first arrive, with the different mason jars turned into lights and wall treatments.  That's not where the fun ends, as the food has fun playing with french takes on very southern foods.Lets talk about the service.  I have been twice now for the soft opening.  Service was flawless in both the bar service and restaurant.  Our servers in both places (Ashley P. in the bar and Larry in the restaurant) were not just well equipped for their roles, they were also warm, bright and engaging.  They responded to questions quickly and when they were not familiar with the answer they asked.  I really appreciate that last part.Food was amazing.  Creative, delicious and colorful.  In the interest of brevity I will mention only a few of my favorites.  The Bone Marrow appetizer was delightful.  I love marrow, but this had an etherial quality I can't quite put my finger on.  The popovers are wildly good with their accompanying bacon butter.  I had the Fried Chicken Galantine and it was quite good, but what it sat on was divine.  A turnip puree that was nearly life changing and greens that were among the best I have had.    My wife had a Kale Squash and Mushroom stew.  It was sooooooo good.  I would eat that stew at every meal were I given the opportunity.  My wife also had a soup of Corn Bisque that was delightful.  We shared a delicious Chocolate Cremeaux that was great with an Almond Tuile and it was a perfect ending.In the bar, I had a twist on the BLT.  It was fried green tomatoes, bacon, lettuce and house made pimento cheese.  I am a pimento cheese fanatic.  If I saw a sign that said "free pimento cheese" across a room full of children, I likely would push and shove my way through them to get there so when I say this was good, I am not kidding around.  It was beyond good, it was awesome.  The pickles (okra and traditional cucumber) are house made also and are absolutely great.  If I had my druthers I would want them to have a little heat to them, but they are really good as is.  The crab corn dogs are fun too.  They don't eat like a corn dog, but they have flavor unlike much I have had before, in a good way.  Mason's is making their own hot sauce in an old whiskey barrel.  While I didn't try it on anything, I did have a nice spoonful of the stuff.  It is really good.  I love hot sauce, and this stuff has flavor and just enough heat to make it worth using.To conclude, this place might be the best restaurant in a hotel I have been to.  Better yet, it is now one of my favorites in Nashville.  I see it quickly becoming the new hot Power Lunch or breakfast spot and a destination for dinner.
<review# 613,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/4/2013,8/22/2013,139,429,3,6,5>Met the ladies here for happy hour on a Thursday evening and sat outside on the patio.  It was rather sunny out, so I was pleased that their tables had giant umbrellas.  We sampled many of their biers, I had a heffevisen that I particularly enjoyed, and also many of their appetizers.  We very much enjoyed the pretzel bites that they serve you when you're seated, as well as the sausage sampler (we actually finished one and ordered another...), cheese plate, and beer cheese with more pretzel bites.  Our waiter was fantastic, especially because I know we were slightly annoying by ordering only apps and beers and we asked for the check to be split in the most complicated of ways.  Is it authentic German?  I'm not sure I'm qualified to say.  Is it strange but wonderful that their specialty cocktails are named after community theatre?  Maybe, but it doesn't stop me from wanting to try the Audrey III.  Was the food and service delicious and attentive?  You bet.
<review# 614,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/15/2013,8/21/2013,116,220,4,7,4>Food, glorious food!!! If this Publix were in East Nashville, I would really be jumping out of my seat. But I'll settle for Donelson. This is probably the prettiest Publix I have visited. There were so many food tastings! Probably because they just opened. But still. The produce was beautiful and fresh, the baked goods smelled tempting, the meats clean and they had organic options. They could use more free range options though. At any rate, I am absolutely thrilled to have a feasible option other than crappy Kroger! Publix is a great balance between quality and price. While you won't find quite everything you love at Whole Foods, you can find excellent products at very reasonable prices. Kroger is dead to me!
<review# 615,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/24/2013,8/20/2013,32,114,,4,1>My Nashville friends often laugh at me for saying this, but...Hot and Cold is often one of the first places I take out of town visitors who come to Nashville.  I love that it features 3 of Nashville's greatest treasures--Jeni's Ice Cream, Las Paletas, and Bongo Java Coffee--all in one convenient place, in a very fun part of town.  We often grab something to nosh, and then walk around Vanderbilt, Belmont and/or Music Row.  It really is the perfect place to come when welcoming people to town!  I always love Jeni's, and enjoy having the option of something lighter in the fruity popsicles or a good cup of coffee when ice cream seems a bit too heavy.  I've always had nice experiences with the employees, who are happy to let me sample the ice cream flavors and kindly allow me to ask for a zillion specifications when ordering a coffee drink.  Favorites:-Local Latte (YUM!!!)-The chocolate magic shell they use to top the ice cream--it's like crack on top of crack!-Pretty much everything here
<review# 616,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/18/2012,8/19/2013,44,217,2,2,2>Friday and Sat is pork bulgogi, which is definitely worth a try.  Sometimes I'm in the mood for teriyaki, beef or salmon.  Maybe the best korean tacos in town, and place is pretty clean, although not much seating, so maybe you would like to get the order to go and call the order in for lunch.The owners are friendly and offer a smile to happy customers.  They also serve alcohol and are closed sundays.  This place is worth coming to for sure.
<review# 617,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/13/2013,8/18/2013,36,212,3,4,3>This is a charity event for Fannie Battle Day Home, and I got to sample foods from many East Nashville restaurants.  Now I have a lot more places on my dining to-do list.  Edley's, Pied Piper, Nashville Sweets, and Porter Road Butcher will definitely be getting a visit from me.  The music was fun and we had a very good time.
<review# 618,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/3/2013,8/17/2013,90,83,5,2,3>Whew!  Lordy!  I nearly burned off my eyebrows with these hot chicken wings!  If you like HOT Chicken - you'll love this place.  You could smell the wonderful smells of the Hot Chicken wafting through the air from the parking lot and around the corner.  My friend and I tried it for the first time last night - I had seen it while driving down Broadway and I know what a fan he is of Hot Chicken - so, I suggested this place because, well, I love new places and i like writing reviews for Yelp!  We arrived shortly before 8pm and placed our order.  Of course, like all quality chicken places - they only fry your chicken when you order it.  So, it took maybe 20-25 minutes to get the Chicken delivered to our table.  The place is very laid back with a couple TV's on the wall - which was great because I was wanting to watch the Louisville/Florida Sugar Bowl game (Florida got spanked!).  My friend ordered the White Plate, in Medium - which had a breast and a wing.  He also had the friend and baked beans.  I got the 3 Wings Plate, also in medium and also with beans and fries as well.  The fries were run of the mill - the baked beans were OK - but I didn't come here for the fries or beans - I came here for the Chicken - and boy it did not disappoint.I honestly can't believe they have two spice levels above medium (Hot and Damn Hot).  I'd be afraid of setting the bathroom on fire the next time I went if there was anything hotter than medium.  I like hot wings and hot stuff in general - but wow.  This was REALLY hot - or maybe I'm just out of practice.  Thank Goodness for the fries and white bread.  The starch seemed to help cool my tongue down!  But this isn't a hot that is just heat without flavor - the flavor was great..and the chicken was moist and delicious.  However - the 3 wings were HUGE!  I couldn't believe it.  I got through 1.5 wings and that was all I could eat.  As much as I enjoyed the wings - they skin wasn't as crispy as I like.  I like it crispy and crunchy.  This did have a little crisp on them - but, I like it a little more crispy.  Anyway - if you like Hot Chicken and are looking for a new place to check out - Hattie B's will fit the bill nicely.  Nice staff, clean space, good food, reasonable prices - seems like a home-run to me!
<review# 619,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/28/2013,8/16/2013,72,119,4,3,3>I love that Lightning 100 does their own thing. There are so many talented people that never get a shot simple because they aren't managed by the big names. Nashville has such a wide selection of music that isn't Country and that's what makes this city awesome!Thanks Lightning 100 for being different and sharing the local music flavor! The only reason I give 4 instead of 5 stars would be one of the personalities...she comes off as such a ding dong, but...that's just my opinion.
<review# 620,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/10/2013,8/15/2013,156,282,2,4,2>I LOVE that I finally fit in a visit to The Well.  I really enjoyed the coffee I had  - the Mayan Mocha, with almond milk.  I'm very looking forward to see what other concoctions The Well has to offer.  Especially because... they seriously have every Monin syrup known to man.  I am not exaggerating, take a look for yourself... they have EVERY FLAVOR in existence!The Well has a couple of cute 'n attractive T-shirts I'd like to buy at some point, as well as coffee beans for sale.  I think a really big attraction of The Well is the ambience - it was so peaceful, comfortable.  I sat in a comfy couch, and there are plenty of tables and chairs.  There's no rushed feeling.  Of course, I was there at 8p at night.  Oh! And that leads me to mention that they're open 'til 10.  Wish they were open right now (at 1a)...
<review# 621,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/11/2013,11/7/2013,139,429,2,6,5>After a somewhat lackluster performance by the downtown farmer's market last weekend, hubs and I ventured to the West End Farmer's Market this morning to see if this one would be a better fit for us and I'm so glad we did.  It's small, but has a ton of variety and great parking!  There are venders for salsa, goat cheese, baked goods including sweets and breads and, of course, fresh local produce and meats!  Win!  We came away with some incredible looking food-eggs, lamb chops, rainbow chard, fantastic strawberries, spinach, kale, broccolini etc...This may very well be our new market home.  Can't wait to see what they have next week!Open Saturday mornings from 9-12:30.
<review# 622,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/14/2013,11/6/2013,63,172,,7,2>I am a BIG fan of this place.  If you are looking for fine dining then why are you in Dickson?The food is served buffet style.  This is actually a good thing.  They are constantly bringing out fresh food and in a fun way announcing it to the dining room.  The fried chicken is very good!  Rare to find good fried chicken on a buffet.  The staff are always cleaning.I would suggest for you to eat here if you are in the area and want some southern food.  They make everything from scratch and the fresh hot bread is wonderful.They do a weekend breakfast/brunch but have not been able to try it yet.  I really want to.
<review# 623,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/4/2013,11/5/2013,50,114,,4,1>The hardest thing at NY Pie is trying to force myself to order any of the pizzas beside classic cheese or classic pepperoni.  They are just so freaking good.  Sometimes simple is hard but not here.  This is what pizza should be!  I won't get into arguments about what New York pie is because I have never been to NY and this isn't even the type of pizza I grew up with.  I just know that this is the best pizza I have had in town and one that I truly crave.That being said, I have had several other varieties and they always have a good variety of toppings.  If you don't see what you like, ask because there are usually other ones tucked under the main counter or they will make it.  They had a stuffed one that had sausage with peppers and onions that was wonderful.  I had one that was either the NY Special or the NY Garlic Chicken and it was very good.  I've also had the NY White and it was good.  The only one I have had that I was crazy about was the NY Grandma's Pie and I think that is because I see thick crust and think Sicilian and very few live up to the ones I had when I was young.  So that is more my expection than the pie itself.
<review# 624,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/23/2013,11/4/2013,107,187,,6,5>What is cute, comfortable, and happy all over????MY FEET!I have been having some hip pain with my running, ur, jogging, and I had a feeling I needed another pair of shoes.  I had a great experience here.  They evaluated my stance, gait and problems.  They diagnosed that I "overpronated"  (I have been accused of worse ;-) and got me in the perfect pair.  They even showed me how to use a foam tube to stretch my hips before and after a run!  Amazing service!!!!I was very impressed with Fleet Feet.  If you are serious about finding the correct pair for your running, jogging or whatever, this is the place for you.
<review# 625,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,4/7/2013,11/3/2013,87,122,,7,3>I wanted to be able to give this place a glowing review, as my nail tech was actually very kind (a departure from most nail salons where they only speak to their co-workers in Vietnamese and hardly acknowledge you), but it was mediocre at best.First, the good:1) Nice employees.2) Decent, clean facilities.3) A LOT of space.4) Free wine.And the bad:1) Very crowded. We had a standing reservation for a party of 10 for two months and were promised a private room. We were all split up and scattered all over the place.2) They don't offer you drinks. You have to ask...sometimes a few times...before you'll be brought anything.3) The prices. I paid $78 for a mani (gel) and pedi (regular) whereas I typically pay about $58 for both elsewhere.4) The quality. I had bubble in my nails that day and already a chip the following day. I get gel every two months or so and have never had a chip before the four-week mark until now.5) The location. Who wants to brave Green Hills on a weekend? Ugh. And you have to circle a few times before finding a parking spot, too.So all in all, I won't be going back here. Just too pricey and too poor quality of work.
<review# 626,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/20/2013,11/2/2013,98,278,2,4,2>A few years ago, I used to support a marathon training team - and was introduced to the idea of a) having your shoes fitted, and b) wearing great socks.  Both are things I still do today.Athlete's House was my choice back then for my personal shoes.  They have knowledgeable staff, enough inventory to select from, and you don't have to wait a million years to be helped by a sales person.I have a hard to fit foot, like a really hard to fit foot.  A few years ago the clerk I had spent more than an hour with me trying many, many pairs of shoes... but never once voiced any issue with that and still remained optimistic.  We were successful, and those sneakers worked great for me for a long time.  And the socks they had me try really, really changed my life.  Now I don't wear any other socks when I have a choice.The sneakers and socks are not cheap... but once you hit the age where comfort is more important to you than a fashion statement all the time... you'll understand.Needed to replace the kicks, so this weekend hubby and I went back here.  Since I knew what had worked so well last time, was a pretty easy decision only having to try on two pairs of shoes and done.While the place isn't large, they have comfortable enough benches for trying on shoes.  Another running store in town only has folding chairs, and while I love those guys, that's just not comfortable for big girls to be trying on sneakers in a folding chair.  It's a small thing, and certainly won't apply to everyone, but little things like that are what yelp is all about, right?Since they are a real runner's store, they will also introduce you to things like bungee shoe laces if you have trouble keeping regular ones tied.  Who knew?And if you have a kid that plays a sport, whatever sport, they have the gear you need.  It's deceptively small from the outside, but trust me, it's packed to the gills with sneakers, jerseys, lacrosse gear, tennis stuff, you name it.  Yelp is right, I am a fan.
<review# 627,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/17/2013,11/1/2013,91,274,1,6,4>There is a little secret J Alexander's is keeping from you, and it's their one yet delicious brunch offering.  A delicious quiche with a side salad and breakfast potatoes.  If this one dish is telling of everything J Alexander's has to offer then I will be back.  Admittedly I hadn't gone because, when I have the option to go out to eat, this place just never crossed my mind.  Plus I didn't realize there was this location on White Bridge, which lacks the college crowd of its West End sister.  Here the crowd was mostly locals, and it was a much more relaxed environment.  The bartender was on point (because as you may have noticed in my reviews I enjoy sitting at the bars of restaurants, so many interesting people...) and it was because of him that I tried this surprise breakfast concoction to begin with.  The side salad is dressed with champagne vinaigrette and I must have again on any salad on their menu.  They have some of the best French-press coffee you can get outside of a coffee house.  Overall a great place that I had misjudged and I will happily come back.
<review# 628,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/25/2013,10/31/2013,79,208,,5,4>I think Chago's would be great for a fun get together with friends. (Why haven't I arranged this??) Their patio looks fun and they've had great music playing the 2 times I've been. I've only tried their chicken tacos and the cheese dip and guacamole. The cheese dip and guac were good and the tacos were kind of whatever. Not bad at all but nothing special. Margaritas were good. My last visit was on Cinco de Mayo at a Yelp event and service was a little slow. I'll give them a pass though since it was a busy holiday. I like the little lounge area with the couch next to the bar. Yep, definitely need to plan on coming back soon with some friends.
<review# 629,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/31/2013,10/30/2013,24,153,4,8,4>Today is their grand opening (and to be fair I know the owner) - so there were a few glitches in the process, but I thought the food was really tasty.  I wonder if they would have been wise to have a quiet opening before doing the Groupon - just to work out the kinks.  But I also think as consumers we need to encourage local business and support them as they climb a learning curve.  I had a 2-meatball meal and they let me try one chicken spinach and one "turkey dinner" over mashed potatoes.  The "turkey dinner" meatball has cornbread dressing and dried cranberries in it - which is surprisingly delicious.  The side chopped salad was very nice -- different lettuces with small pieces of broccoli - definitely better than the usually takeout side salad.Next time I order for takeout, I'm going to ask if the sauce can be in a separate container so that I can pour it over the meatball when I am ready to eat it.  I had the "poultry gravy" and it was very good, but I would have liked to control the ratio of sauce to meatball a bit more.  But if you read my other reviews, you know I like to control things!Overall, with a little bit of grace and mercy for the struggles of a grand opening first day, I encourage you to bring some of Jeanne's Meatballs home to your family - I think you'll be glad you did!PS to Stephanie (1 star review below) - your comment is actually still on their Facebook page (look under "recent posts by others" -- and two different members responded to your concern, apologized, and offered you a free meal.  So, you might want to go back to read their answers.  Facebook does sometimes move posts around, but they did not delete your negative review, just FYI.
<review# 630,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/29/2013,10/29/2013,83,145,2,3,2>So delicious and the best frozen treat I've had!Highly recommend the banana cream and the chocolate banana, but the avocado and nutella flavors are amazing as well.So damn delicious!
<review# 631,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/26/2010,12/6/2010,130,90,4,8,4>By far the most pleasant experience I've ever had at a dentist's office.  I've been going here for years.  Dr. Swang is hilarious and extremely friendly.  The very first time I came here he found something in my x-rays that didn't look right.  He wanted a dermatologist to do further x-rays since they have more thorough technology.  So he sent me to one, but my insurance didn't cover it.  Dr. Swang and his crew somehow worked out something to where I never had to pay a dime, since he was the one who was wanting to look further into the issue.  I never once asked them to do this, nor did I complain about the cost.  They just up and covered it!  WOW.  That like hardly ever happens.Your experience here starts with Sherry, who must be the most organized and hardest working office manager ever.  She has always been so busy each time I'm here, I don't see her take a breath.  But that doesn't stop her from being friendly and professional and offering a big smile to each patient.Most of the hygienists I've had are sweet, make you feel comfortable, and do a great job cleaning.  Each patient chair faces floor to ceiling windows which is nice for those of us who are slightly claustrophobic.  There are individual tv's at each station as well which you can tune to whatever you want.  I have never waited longer than 10 minutes to be seen and get in and out of there for routine cleaning and annual x-rays very quickly.  Only complaint I have which doesn't deter me from going back is one hygienist I had here was so rough with me it felt like she was taking all of her life's frustrations out on my mouth.  If it were one time I'd cut her some slack, but this happened several times.  I haven't had her in a couple years so not even sure she works there anymore and honestly, she still was friendly enough.  Just not light on the touch and I don't think someone with healthy teeth and gums and no cavities should be in lots of pain after a routine cleaning.  I recommend anyone looking for a new dentist whose insurance covers this place to try Dr. Swang's office.  Your teeth will thank you!
<review# 632,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/10/2010,12/5/2010,23,91,4,10,4>Anatolia is the best Turkish restaurants in Nashville. How do I know? Well, I am Turkish and I have been to all Turkish restaurants. I go there quite often and find the atmosphere to be pretty good. The food is also very good. I really like the Turkish meatballs and mixed grill plate. The appetizers are also very good. The sample appetizer plate is very good. Now, if you go there you must try the Kunefe desert, they make it very good. You have to order this in advance though becuase the prep takes some time. The service has always been good and the owners are pretty good people. Overall, I would highly recommend this place. Parking is also very convenient.
<review# 633,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/23/2010,12/4/2010,40,114,2,6,3>Ok, I have just a little experience with Thai food being in country several times and sampling everything from roadside rice stands to 4 star dining.  The only problem I've had with Thai anywhere else is it is usually sub par and spice for white people, not Thai spiced.  I've been 2 times in the last 4 days and both experiences were excellent.  I think i have avoided this place due to the go cart track in the front parking lot..... big mistake.  The first time I tried the Shrimp & Scallop in Thai Pacific Style with an appetizer of spring rolls and ordered it with the medium spice as I was a little skeptical on it actually being spiced Thai style which is a little hot for the average person.  I was correct and should have ordered it spicy but it was delicious none the less and there was enough for a tasty treat reheated later!  The spring rolls were delicious dipped in the wasabi mayo or simply eaten alone.  For a friday night there was no waiting, service was prompt and courteous and the atmosphere dim and quiet.(which I liked).  The second time I opted for a carryout of the Sukho Thai fried rice which was a generous portion enough for 2 but again I had left overs to enjoy the next day.  She told me it would be ready 10-15 minutes and was hot and ready when I arrived.  As much as I wanted to dig into it on the way home, there just was no easy way to eat fried rice and drive.  The rice had an ample amount of pork, shrimp, thai sausage and veggies in it.
<review# 634,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/5/2010,12/3/2010,11,20,3,5,6>Definitely the best pho I've had in town. The prices can't be beat, service is fast, food is fresh and flavorful, and I love that they offer their bowls in S, M, & L sizes since I have a nasty habit of cleaning my plate/lacking portion control sometimes. I still maintain Kien Giang has the best non-pho Vietnamese food, so I'll head there for my bun, iced coffee, banh mi, pancakes, etc. However, the meat quality, broth, noodles, and overall pho-tasticness of Vinh-Long's magical soup will keep me coming back for sure. FYI they don't take credit cards and if you're hankering for some sinus-clearing goodness on a Monday night you're SOL...I discovered that yesterday, humph!
<review# 635,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/19/2010,12/2/2010,32,257,2,3,4>us E. Nasty folk know how nice it is to have Cumberland Hardware in the neighborhood...when in a pinch for that washer or nut they're there for you..no need to head to that big box hardware store.But did you know Cumberland stocks basic camping supplies like foldable shovels, cast iron skillets (they are a Lodge dealer), fire starter, compasses, etc?  Now that's nice...thanks, CH.
<review# 636,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/27/2010,12/1/2010,102,25,,6,3>I drive a Mazda RX-8 and had a ridiculous time finding a legit mechanic in Nashville when I first moved here.  A little background on my car situation: the Mazda RX-8 has a rotary engine.  No other car on the market has this...all the others have pistons (you know, a V6, V8, etc.).  I knew about this powerful engine when I bought it, but I did not know how high maintenance this vehicle was known to be.  So, after only having it for about 4 months I flooded the engine.  This is something that was completely my fault and could have been avoided if the dealership would have informed me of the proper shut down procedure.  So unfortunately, I was in need of a mechanic.  I called the Mazda dealership and they said this was not an uncommon problem and that knew exactly how to fix it.  The bad news was that this "little" fix came with a $2,000 price tag.  Sheyeah right!  Back to square one.  I called a few tow companies and asked for a recommendation.  They gave me the names of three places.  I called all three and only one would even agree to look at my car!  Apparently you have to be specially certified to work on this rotary engine.  Amazingly, Import Auto Maintenance had a mechanic who was an RX-8 enthusiast and was the man for the job!  So, I had the car towed there, they fixed it in a few quick days and IAM became the ONLY place I would let touch my beautiful, temperamental, hot mess of a sexy ride.  This includes oil changes.Another great experience I had at IAM...It was time for new brakes. I was expecting the worst since I know how expensive repairs for my car tend to be.  I had the technicians at IAM take a look and yep, $700+ for new front brakes.  Yowza!  After talking to Lori, the fantastic service manager (and fellow motorcycle mama), she referred me to a nearby shop that she knew would be able to do the brakes for a fraction of the cost.  She said that it was IAM's policy to only use name brand parts, but that I could get by on less expensive ones if I took the car elsewhere.  I felt guilty at first for taking my car to another shop.  However, I was comfortable since Lori assured me that this shop did good work and could also save me a few dollars.  I took my car there and they had me in and out in just a couple hours and for right under $300!  I truly appreciate Lori's advice.  The fact that she was willing to suggest another business to fit my budget showed me that she really valued me as a customer and had my best interests at heart.  I continue to take my car to IAM for routine maintenance and do not plan on going anywhere else.Pros: The staff (manager, service manager and mechanic) remembers me by name every time I visit or call, very convenient location on the corner of Broadway and West End Avenue, they only use the BEST top of the line parts, they are knowledgeable about specialty cars and offer complete diagnostics, they offer a two-year warrantee on all parts and labor, they send coupons to all customers via email for %-off and discounted oil changes, they send email and mail reminders of when it is time for your next service. Also, I just received a text message from them the other day that told me they are rolling out a new text message service reminder program (great for a girl on the go, like me!)Cons: They do use the highest quality, name brand parts (this ensures quality but sometimes may const more as they do not cut corners on cheap parts), not the most inexpensive mechanic, but in this world you truly do get what you pay for!! I'd rather pay a little bit extra for the piece of mind I get here!UPDATE: I received a $25 gift card in the mail from IAM as a Christmas /holiday gift!  Talk about customer appreciation!!!
<review# 637,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,9/22/2010,11/30/2010,186,329,7,3,2>Arnold Myint, as many have stated, is a contestant on this season's Top Chef.  He is the owner and head chef at PM.  I am going to assume that because he is filming the show that that is the reason why he is often no longer present in the restaurant.  He used to be a fixture at the restaurant every night (roughly a year ago), and as he is a friend of a friend he once cooked myself and my out of town guest a soft shell crab dish that was not on the menu.  It was delightful.On my most recent journey, I simply picked up sushi to-go.  PM has some of the better sushi in the city, although there are a few places out on the East End that can out do PM's sushi chefs.  The Florida roll was yummy in my tummy, and the Spicy Tuna roll was tuna but not-so spicy (maybe I'm just resistant to claims of hotness... or, maybe I'm just resistant to "hotness" overall... I really need to get to the gym... I digress).It was a Sunday night, but the place was still fairly busy and the patio had numerous guests upon it.  I recommend PM for the interesting drink concoctions and for the food.  Is it the best "Asian fusion" ever?  Probably not.  Does it go down smoothly with a generally nice flavor?  Yep.  Are the Vandy girls and Belmont girls in their summer dresses and "booty pants" fantastic?  Absolutely.
<review# 638,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/15/2010,11/29/2010,6,28,3,4,2>Let's put it this way...I went on Tuesday, and went back on Saturday. They've got one heck of a good dog...and, cheap!  (around $3 each)  The owner, or manager (not sure) is a spitfire from Alabama & happy as heck to answer any questions.  She said the 2 bestsellers were the Chicago Dog & the Nashville.  Had the Nashville on Tuesday & the Chicago on Saturday.   I prefer the Nashville.Since I love pickles, I had to try the fried pickle spears.  They are super-delish & not nearly as salty as most I've had.Their dogs are 100% beef, but they offer a veggie version & a whole wheat bun.You order at the counter & walk out the back to a deck of picnic tables.  When the weather is cool, they zip the plastic flaps & turn on the portable heaters.Can't wait to go back & have the brat!
<review# 639,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/28/2010,11/28/2010,77,14,3,4,4>My boyfriend and I made our first trip to the Mad Platter for his birthday two weeks ago; I had purchased their Groupon when it appeared a while back, and I wanted to save it for a special occasion.  I can't imagine a better place to have spent the evening!  Not only was it one of the best meals I've ever eaten, but the service was phenomenal and they added some special touches to make it a memorable birthday.I called ahead to make a reservation for late on a Thursday evening - while the restaurant was far from crowded (we ended up being the last to leave), I wanted to give them fair warning that I was bringing a Groupon and let them know it was Ryan's birthday.  I didn't expect the consideration that they took - not only did they print "Happy Birthday Ryan!" menus, they also made a point to greet him with birthday wishes, and had a special table set up for us.The Mad Platter has an excellent menu option that allows you to add $20 to any entree to make it a five-course meal, with the addition of a soup, appetizer, salad and dessert.  That's what Ryan chose, and though I didn't think I could handle that myself and ordered only a salad and entree, our waiter was gracious enough to bring out extra cutlery and dishes with each course so I could share everything that Ryan had ordered.Everything we had was BEYOND delicious - the lemon artichoke soup (garnished with toasted tobacco leaves!), the fried green tomatoes, his smoked trout salad (with lemon pound cake croutons!), my caprese salad (the best I've ever had), his artichoke linguine, my sliced filet in a bacon emulsion and the crème brulée that brought the meal to the perfect close.  They even decorated the edge of the plate the crème brulée was presented on with "Happy Birthday Ryan" in chocolate sauce, with a single burning birthday candle melted to the plate.The menu is constantly revolving with the freshest seasonal ingredients, so even individual dishes change slightly day to day with new additions (we sent our waiter running in to ask the chef questions about several things that appeared on our plates - like fairy tale eggplant!).  The meal was absolutely a pricey one (the $50 Groupon fortunately took the edge off), but it was probably the best I've ever eaten in Nashville. I would recommend the restaurant to ANYONE looking for a great location for a special occasion or date, and certainly to anyone who wants to treat their special birthday boy or girl.
<review# 640,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/11/2008,11/27/2010,2,9,4,6,4>I've only lived here for 3 months, and I'm almost a regular at UAL. The place is a bit overwhelming, for sure, but oh-so-worth it. Lots of stuff! colors! everywhere! And the owner, also at first, overwhelming, but a truly sweet and helpful gal! On my first visit, she took me under her wing on sight, and raided her own store for me for over an hour, helping me find some amazing stuff i would've otherwise missed. They do carry a few of your expected high-end designers, but also a TON of less commercialized fashion GOLD, that you WON'T find at every other high-end reseller. If you are expecting a laundry list of department store designers alone, you might be disappointed that you don't recognize every name on first glance. But for me, thats what makes UAL great.  I know that what I find at UAL won't be on the butts of every other girl in Nashville, and I love that.
<review# 641,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/27/2014,8/12/2014,37,76,2,10,4>Sinema is a glamorous modern bistro and cocktail lounge, on 8th ave south, and it is a great addition to the wonderful new business development occurring along that corridor. Sinema welcomes you with chic decor, and a sweeping staircase to the upstairs lounge. The decor is old Hollywood glam, complete with art deco finishes, and pictures of Jimmy Stewart, Grace Kelly, Bette Davis and others surrounding the dining area. The vibe is cool, but also intimate and romantic. The hostesses were all decked out in their vintage finery, but I did not feel this was a cooler-than-thou crowd. Quite the opposite- the service was immediately friendly, completely lacking in any pretension, and we felt at home at once. We snagged a reservation on one of the first dates open to the public, but this place has no kinks to work out. Everything was running smoothly and, I have to say, pretty perfect. Her name was Lola....our server. Lola, was the absolute best. She really made our evening- delighting us with her recommendations (all of which were spot on), and being friendly and entertaining to boot. The cocktail menu delights with Hollywood and celebrity themed libations, but there was more than clever names here. We both enjoyed our selections, as well as the varied wine offerings. Lola was again a great help in making our choices. We went all out- with appetizers, entrees and a dessert to share. The octopus starter was a delightful and unusual combination of flavors, but I was most impressed with the amazing potato salad accompaniment. We also enjoyed the licorice salad, which was the most unusual combination of flavors- peppermint vinaigrette is not something I would typically pick, but is apparently a specialty of chef Dale Levitski, and lived up to its reputation. We had the Barumundi and the pistacio chicken. Both of these entrees were sensational- a perfect blend of flavors, well prepared and beautifully presented. The dessert selection- again, thanks to Lola- was Stones, a stone fruit compote, with millet cake topped with chamomile cream. Wonderful, light, and again, unique. I was very impressed with Sinema. A new culinary gem for Nashville. To top off all the fine eating- there was a communal and convivial atmosphere as other patrons nearby were sharing recommendations and their enjoyment of each of their courses. A tip for the skirts- there is a remarkable lounge in the women's restroom that I imagine will soon rival the Oak Bar, in its reputation. Make sure to take time to powder your nose, ladies.
<review# 642,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/1/2014,8/11/2014,159,379,4,4,3>From the salsa, chips, meal, drinks and dessert...this place is awesome. The salsa has a nice fresh taste with great body and southwest flavors. I think it's actually "New Mexican Flavors" but I don't know the difference. I just know it's good. The queso! I like it. Sometimes it needs to be warmed up a little more than it is, but it's tasty for sure. The shrimp tacos are very good. The light texture and light sauce on them keep the mild shrimp flavor from being over powered. The other taco that was a stand out was the pork taco. The flavors were strong in pork flavored and seasoned perfectly. The chicken taco is really nice and comes with a good portion of chicken. The beef tacos have been too stringy and chewy for me. Rice and beans. Usually they are lame or simply just to fill up the plate. Well, not here. The rice is really good and comes seasoned well. The black beans. Yes. The black beans deserve a dish of their own and should be exalted to the menu as a stand alone option of goodness. Who knew that black beans could be so awesome? Nice.The complementary dessert is a nice touch. The lightly textured pillow of dough with honey is yummy. I might bring a dash of cinnamon for my next visit!
<review# 643,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/8/2013,8/10/2014,160,232,3,6,3>Holy hotness! I was in the mood for something spicy so my boyfriend and I stopped by here completely on a whim. The first thing I noticed was the sign in the window that urged customers to call ahead. I'm a BIG fan of signage! This was obviously a hint that it may take them a while to cook my order. (I'm ok with quality food taking longer to cook) Honestly, I would much rather read a posted sign and make a decision based on the sign, than stand around like an idiot wondering where my food is or why it's taking so long. I appreciate that they at least took the time to post that sign. Moving right along...I love food that makes me cry, so I went straight for the HOT tenders. Normally, when spicy food reaches a certain hotness, you can no longer taste anything (except pain.) These tenders were perfect! The seasonings were SO delicious! There was a gentleman that came from the kitchen to ask us how everything tasted and he mentioned that they just recently adjusted their recipe. So, for anyone that may have not been impressed with this place before, it might be worth another trip. In my opinion, yes I had tears running down my face, but I could still taste those awesome seasonings. THAT is great hot chicken! My boyfriend and I will definitely be returning for more!  (I'm eating my leftovers as I type this and shockingly enough, they are still delicious even after re-heating in the toaster oven.) My ONLY complaint (and it's a non-issue), one cup of ranch dressing is never enough for 6 tenders. Perhaps offer two?
<review# 644,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/8/2013,8/9/2014,50,171,2,4,3>We popped in without reservations for an early Saturday night dinner, and were one of just a couple of tables occupied.We started with what might be the best fried green tomatoes that we had ever eaten. The smokey flavored pimento cheese and bacon preserves on the tomatoes complemented them exceptionally well and had a unique flavor that I've not experienced elsewhere.The shrimp and grits that I had were good. Grits cooked perfectly. Creamy and comforting. The sauce had just enough kick to be interesting without overpowering. The sausage we better than the shrimp, which were large but maybe a little more al dente than I prefer.My wife's burger was truly special. Smoky, with a perfect crispy crust, complemented perfectly by the horseradish sauce and smoky cheddar. The bun also excellent, and a worthy conveyance for a quality burger.Finally, we finished off with dessert. I had the derby pie, which was the perfect combo of fudge, booze, and pecans with ice cream. Service was attentive without smothering. Courses were delivered in a timely manner with good pacing.
<review# 645,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/8/2013,8/8/2014,24,153,2,3,3>Went with friends before an evening at TPAC and it was delightful!We started with the goat cheese stuff artichoke - a combo I have never had but really enjoyed!My table companions had the shrimp, the veggie lasagna, and the chili-rubbed scallops, and they all munched way quite happily.  The scallops were a very pretty dish - with risotto "discs" under each scallop that had been shaped and seared to resemble scallops too. fun.I went with a Gorgonzola salad (sooo good) and then the 3-side combo because the sides all looked so good.  The crunch broccoli was good, but I wish they said onions and peppers in the description (not my fav), the prosciutto mac and cheese was creamy goodness. but the BRUSSELS SPROUTS - oh my, wish I'd gotten 3 of those.  If you like Brussels sprouts, you must try! and if you don't THINK you like them, this might just change your mind.For dessert we shared the Sticky Toffee Pudding...and wow, it was amazing.  Not too sweet, almost a savory bread pudding with warm toffee inside---man, out of this world.Great service from Matthew and we made it to the show on time.The was a light rock band (sorry did not catch the name) that was really excellent as well.
<review# 646,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/7/2014,8/7/2014,52,174,4,5,5>A review from a bourbon dude who doesn't know anything about wine:One of the best liquor stores in the area. While it might be small and the name might imply that they are solely focused on wine that doesn't mean that they don't carry fine bourbons at a fair price. Considering this country and in particular our market is in the midst of a full on whiskey boom that last fact is sadly becoming an increasingly rare characteristic. As far as the selection - as mentioned it is a small store but I think the word "boutique" is a more accurate description. What you won't find here are giant aisles full of bottom shelf budget whiskeys. Instead you will find a small but respectable variety of mid to top shelf products that could satisfy even the most prolific bourbon nerd. Helping that cause the fact that throughout the year they do several personally selected private barrelings of various whiskeys from the likes of Four Roses and Buffalo Trace distilleries. The staff are some of the nicest you will find. They are very engaging and before they began to recognize me there was never a time I went  that someone didn't immediately come to ask me if I needed any help. Because of the size I think they are able to give a more personal level of attention to their customers and that attention to detail is really what I love about them. For example you won't find gaudy price stickers on bottles but instead a nice price tag attached by string around the neck. Also the brown paper bags are all individually stamped with the store's logo and slogan. It's the nice little things like this about this store that really push it over the edge."A purveyor of uncommon wine, spirits & beer." Add in "friendly" and I can't think of a better statement to summarize what makes this place great.
<review# 647,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/27/2014,8/6/2014,25,29,2,4,2>My wife and I had a wonderful dinner on our anniversary here.  The food was 4 to 5 stars for sure.  My wife had fried green tomatoes for an appetizer and I had the crawfish potato skins.  Both delicious.  For the entree, we each had a different steak.  Both were prepared very well.  And for desert, we ate the cheesecake.  Again, amazing.  And our service was great.  They are under brand new management and have hired all new servers as of this week so apparently, the other bad reviews we've read about the service are no more.The only downside is paying for parking which could be cured by a valet.  Unfortunately, they had almost no business on the Tuesday night we were there which might explain why valet wasn't an option.This place has such good food, they really should be packed every night.  Even their prices are reasonable. However, I'm going to make a few suggestions in case management reads their reviews:1)  Print off new menus every day or laminate and clean the ones you have.  Menus should look amazing.  Go to Marche and you'll see that they print off a new menu every night.  It's not enough to lower the star rating of this restaurant but it is a bad first impression.2)  Train your servers to greet and present your restaurant like it's a 5-Star experience.  I think the food is so good and so unique that they should share about their chef and about what makes Aura unique.  Give your guests the feeling that it's an "experience."3)  Have your staff dress color-coordinated.  All black might work for this kind of restaurant.  It helps you spot your servers and it raises the overall value equation for what you'd expect to pay.4)  Have the chef provide a complimentary taste of an appetizer, desert, drink, or shrimp.  Something unexpected that delights your customer and makes them want to right a rave review!I hope this helps.  We will come back some time but I do hope more people try it out.  Their chef is truly very gifted.
<review# 648,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/30/2014,8/5/2014,2,22,1,4,3>This is a very good place with extremely good service.  First of all this is located inside a pretty large strip mall, so there is plenty of parking.  However, it's obscured from the highway due to a bank and a restaurant in the way, so it is somewhat hidden.  They also don't seem to have a website to check out the menu (which I like to do before going to a place) but this one was worth the blind plunge. The food here is pretty much what you expect from a sandwich shop, I ended up getting the ham and cheese, with roasted potatoes on the side.  I've only been here once (I just saw it today), so that has been the only thing I've tried from here.  It was tasty, on a bun with ample amounts of cheese and sauce.  The potatoes were tasty as well, and would definitely order them again.  It looks like a family owned business so it doesn't have the glitz and glamor of big food chains, but the food is good and the prices are definitely good.  Furthermore, I think the service is impeccable.  Probably one of the best services I've seen from a fast food shop, as the person (who I believe was the owner) was very helpful, courteous, and friendly.   They weren't very busy, which I believe is mainly due to the location being somewhat hidden from the highway, but I think this is a very good place to check out.  I would recommend this place to everyone, for the food, the price, and definitely the friendliness.
<review# 649,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/21/2014,8/4/2014,8,94,1,4,1>I have been to the Crow's Nest a couple times since coming to Nashville and think it's a pretty decent place to watch a game. The first time I went, I met up with some family friends (Cleveland Browns fans) to watch a game against the Packers (my team). I wasn't aware that this bar is a Cleveland Browns bar (weird) so there were a crap load of them and me. And one other guy with a Packers shirt on. I like the overall setup of the bar, with the two levels. Although it can get pretty crowded. The second time I went, my brother and I went to watch an Alabama game. This was a pretty good experience and didn't really have any issues.They have a pretty decent beer selection (as long as you're not a craft beer snob) and also a fairly large food selection. The prices are a little bit high, considering what you're getting though. My brother and I tried the fried pickle chips which were decent. We make it a point to try and find the best fried pickles so we try them everywhere we go (if they have them, of course). These were mostly average, but had some pretty good seasoning.I've only had the burgers here so I can't really testify to the quality of anything else. The South of the Border Burger has some really good spice behind it (I'm a spice wimp though, so it probably isn't that spicy to the average person) and I liked the coolness of the avocado to balance it out. I've also tried the Mushroom and Swiss Burger which, again, was fairly decent. Sweet potato fries both times (of course) which were perfect the first time but the second time had an overabundance of salt on them, almost to the point of being inedible. But it could've just been an off day since the first time they were pretty damn good. My brother went with me once and he had the Nest Burger, which he seemed to really enjoy.Overall, the Crow's Nest is a pretty decent bar but in a terribly placed area. There is valet parking, however there are probably only 20 spots available. I park down the street in a strip mall parking lot and walk the one block it takes to get there. Beware! Do NOT park in the Kroger parking garage because you WILL be towed if you're not at Kroger! I've seen a security guy outside patrolling both times I've been here, so you've been forewarned. I would definitely come here again, though, because the environment is decent and the staff is always super friendly.
<review# 650,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/8/2013,8/3/2014,22,8,6,9,5>Hey Nashville - how long have we needed a tasty and healthy late night restaurant? I know that in my experience living in this "drinking town with a music problem," I've encountered closed kitchens by 9/10 o'clock way more often than I'd like to admit. And now we have it - all packed into a cute little house in the epicenter of East Nashville - with an excellent bar to boot!I'll start off with the service. Our waitress was Louisa, and not only did she know both the food and the drink menus backwards and forwards, she did such a lovely job orchestrating our experience there from start to finish. I'm the type that always finds two or three polar opposite dishes on the menu and asks a server to be a tie breaker. Most servers tell me how different my choices are and how hard to compare ("well are you more in the mood for pasta or steak?!"), but Louisa helped us navigate the menu with ease, and suggested the best possible dishes based on our tastes. She kept out glasses full and was full of genuine charm and class.Tonight was my second time there, and I had my favorite kale salad in the city again. The house pickled onions they put in that and the carrot dish are amazing, and combined for the citrus wedges, marcona almonds, red quinoa and tart vinaigrette it makes for a hearty and delicious late night meal even as a stand alone. We also enjoyed the carrots in mole and the beet salad as appetizers.For the main dish I had the smoked trout omelet, which was very thin and lightly cooked, just as an omelet should be. They also drizzled olive oil over it, which brought out the flavor of the smoked fish. For dessert I had the Milk Moustache cocktail, which was unlike anything I'd ever had before with a lovely and rich cream float that will give you one heck of a milk Moustache if you are into that sort of thing (I am - see photos).It was cold out so we didn't dine on the patio, but we took a look and it is very colorful and comfortable, also secluded from the hustle and bustle of the Five Points for a more intimate setting. This restaurant does a wonderful job catering to smokers, while keeping the smoking areas separate from the main dining space. As a former smoker I can appreciate a nicer restaurant having areas that allow the nasty little habit, but as a current nonsmoker I appreciate the lack of interference with my dining experience.All in all this is a refreshing addition to east Nashville, and to Nashville as a whole, really. We live on the west side and I would much rather drive across the bridge to this gem of a restaurant than go to PM...again.
<review# 651,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/7/2011,10/12/2011,69,191,,3,3>Came here for lunch today and was pleasantly surprised.  The atmosphere was pretty chill.  It looked more of a bar than your typical diner.  I had the chicken wrap.  It tasted great and the menu is pretty extensive so there are lots of stuff to try.  I saw a sign for $5 martinis for happy hour...definitely putting this place on my list of happy hour to try.
<review# 652,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/31/2011,10/11/2011,80,87,4,6,7>I'll start this off like I have for other reviews I've written for Cuban         restaurants. I was born and raised in Miami, so I have a pretty high bar for expectations when it comes to Cuban food. With that said, this place is pretty good!You get to start of your meal with Cuban bread(real Cuban bread!!!) toasted with garlic butter. Hard to go wrong with that . For a main meal I've had the Lechon Asado(roast pork) and Pechuga a la Plancha(grilled chicken) in all of its garlicky mojo goodness. Both have been tender, flavorful and delicious. All of the sides have also been very good. The beans with the black beans and rice are cooked perfectly. The yuca and sweet plantains are also worth ordering if they don't come with your meal, though it seems most of them come with some combination of these sides. I could probably eat a meal of the sides alone and be one very happy full person.The place is very small, but I've never been there when there has been a big crowd. It may be a tiny bit pricey especially if you are there for lunch, but you do get a lot of food. Also, if you're craving this place on Sundays or Mondays they are closed.If you have never had Cuban food you really need to go here and try it. It isn't 100% like home for me, but it is definitely good enough to satisfy my cravings and keep me coming back.
<review# 653,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/27/2010,10/10/2011,105,145,4,5,4>I'm not a beer brewer. I only went to this shop because i had seen this cool thing online - Spike, its a little kit that tells you that you can turn fruit juice into alcohol in 2 days! Had my name written all over it.Anyway, after tasting it a few times (it took more like a week), I had a strange desire to find out how much alchohol was in my little newly brewed hooch.Finding Rebel Brewer was nearby, I headed over to check them out and find out if they could help me out. After finding the place (than heaven for GPS), I found myself inside a really cool little store.Like I said, I don't brew beer, but the people that go there certainly do. I knew what I wanted and could have just asked, but I stood there pretending to look at yeasts and equipment for almost half an hour while listening to the guys in there talk about their beer projects, how they were going, what they could do to make it better, etc. It reminded me of my favorite bait store, except for with beer. Heck, I was tempted to pick up a new hobby on the spot (except my wife would leave me with 4 children and then I would need the beer instead of just wanting it.)The guys there were very helpful. They sold me a $5 hydrometer that can tell me the amount of alcohol in my drink mix and made me promise to come back and tell them what I found.All in a neat toy store for the boys
<review# 654,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/13/2011,10/9/2011,90,83,8,3,3>Could I love the Loveless, less?  I hope I never love it less than I currently love the loveless - because I love it a whole lot!Biscuits and jam...There...there is something I've been meaning to ask you.  I mean, I'm a little shy sometimes so I don't quite know how to put this - but, I'd love to be in a long term relationship with you.  You make me feel warm inside and make my tongue happy ever time we meet.And breakfast meat and potatoes - and I'm speaking to all of you - you are just fantastic.  I really have nothing bad to say about any of you.  But, psst - crispy bacon and home fried potatoes - don't tell your brothers and sisters - I love you more than them.  And to you, Pit Cooked Pork BBQ - I don't see you as often as I should - but I do love you immensely.  I still think about the first time we met and your tangy, sweet bbq sauce along with your soft, porky goodness brought you to my lips.  You have kept me coming back again and again.  It's too bad you and I along with the biscuits and jam and bacon and fried potatoes can't all live together in bliss.  Maybe one of these days when the world isn't so judgmental we'll be able to live together on one plate of blissfulness.  But until then - I'll have to rotate you out on my visits to the Loveless.There is something I want to say to the Mimosa's as well - you have helped me out on more sunday mornings than I'd like to admit.  Long story short - I love the Loveless Cafe.  Sure, it can be quite a wait - but there is usually plenty to do while waiting.  There are several shops around the loveless.  Curious Heart Emporium - I could spend an hour in there alone.  And last time I was in there I saw Al Gore walking around.Truly the Loveless Cafe is an original.  Its great, scratch made food and biscuits and jams make it stand out from the crowd.Everyone has their preferences for food.  Some will love it, some will simply think its 'ok'.  But as of right now - I hope I never come to love "The Loveless", less.
<review# 655,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/5/2011,10/8/2011,409,334,3,3,3>As a self-proclaimed burger obsessive (I used to be grossly overweight), I think I can spot a damn good burger when I find one. And this is most definitely one of the best damn burgers you'll find in Nashville.Caveat! The wait here is usually daunting, and rightfully so. It once took us an hour to get a table, albeit for a group of 10. My Dad and I came here about a month ago though and we somehow slipped in and got a table for two with no wait at all! So it really does depend on the night you go (my advice...go earlier if possible).Pops and I split a baby spinach salad, with crumbled bacon, parsley, balsamic vinaigrette, and a fried local goat cheese croquette. WHOA. This is just the salad and it's blowing me away.The vinaigrette was tangy and sweet and not too powerful, but the amaze-balls element was the croquette. Slightly crispy on the outside but oozy on the inside, this was rich and delightful - clearly it negated the healthy elements of the salad. Combine it with the bacon and you've got one darned good starter.Then we jumped into the burgers. I had the bison burger which was served with a honey dijon aioli and Dad had the woodstock (a burger I'd had the previous time which comes with "benton's bacon, tennessee sweetwater white cheddar, and jack daniels maple ketchup." If that doesn't make your mouth water, I don't know what will. My burger was lean (but still a giant burger) with truffle fries (a tad extra) and I had to drink a summer punch-ish beverage the name of which eludes me at this moment. I think it was made with whiskey or bourbon - also high quality.Service was good - he came by just to check in on us just the right amount, although he did seem stoned. lol.So basically, get here early, order anything, and enjoy your meal. Just try to avoid the hour long waits! (Las Paletas, a gourmet popsicle shop next door, is a refreshing way to kill some of the wait or enjoy dessert!)
<review# 656,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/13/2011,10/7/2011,3,44,13,2,2>I've tried to write this review like six times and it keeps getting thrown back at me for having more expletives than a Tupac album.So I'll try one more time.This place is the mother _______ ____.  I've never seen so much _____ yogurt in my life.  And the toppings.  _____ me!  The toppings!  They got Oreo pieces, M&M's, you name it - they _______ have that ____.  I usually throw down with some whipped cream at the end, because ____, it doesn't weigh anything!  The parking lot behind the CeCe's costs $6 after 6PM.  That's right people - $6 to go and grub down on some froyo.  So swing the whip out on to the street and put a few extra brownie pieces on top to reward yourself for the smart play.
<review# 657,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/5/2011,10/6/2011,52,174,4,4,4>My friends have been praising this joint for a long time. After my first visit, I can see why. It has a grocery market, a gold shop, and a cafe all in one location. If stuntin' is a habit while you shop for groceries waiting on your takeout order, I suppose this is your jam.I pride myself in being able to handle spicy food. I've thrown down on the best of the best that Nashville hot chicken has to offer so I'm no stranger to heat. I went all out with a friend and split an order of papaya salad, extra hot. Blistering would be an understatement. I felt like the tune from Rocky should be playing as I was trying to power through it. Red blotchy face, bloodshot eyes, tears streaming down my cheeks, and Mickey in the corner telling me to suck it up because I am no bum. It was a delicious and invigorating experience.  I thought the sticky rice was excellent which was made apparent by my inability to stop shoveling handfuls of it in my face.  The fried pork ribs are also great, they tasted kind of like fried pork rinds with meat on them. Incredible sounding, I know.They have a small assortment of beers, including an Asian beer or two. I went with the Beer Lao, which was a lager I've never had and it turned out to be decent. I can't wait to go back.
<review# 658,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/25/2011,10/5/2011,10,110,,8,4>It's a nice enough museum.  As previous reviewers have mentioned, there is some ethnocentrism here (I'm Chinese-any representation? no?) but I think they are improving, at least last time I visited.  There is a new exhibit on slavery (small, but there), as well as an exhibition on the Civil Rights Movement. The museum has a very strict, classic Southern narrative of history: a short section on the Natives, then white settlement, a large section on the glory days of Tennessee, the sixty-odd years between statehood and the Civil War when three US presidents came from Tennessee and it was one of the most populous, wealthy regions in the country.  Then the apocalypse of war, with a long list of Confederate heroes and martyrs. Reconstruction and the 20th century finally rushed by with barely a blink.  The Tennessee State Museum did have a large collection of paintings (which I agree was quite creepy), Appalachian quilts, guns, as well as artifacts from Andrew Jackson, Sam Houston, etc. The sizable Civil War Collection was also interesting, though it at times seemed uncomfortably favorable towards one Nathan Forrest. My guess is, this collection started in the 1900s and ended by the 1930s.  For what it is however, it is quite impressive. A block away , hidden at the bottom of the War Memorial Auditorium, is a small but likewise impressive collection on American conflicts Tennessee has distinguished itself in, notably the Spanish-American War, WWI and WWII.  There is even a replica of Fat Boy, the Atom Bomb dropped on Hiroshima. It's worth a visit (and seems to need visitors). Both museums are free, and if you are in the area, is worth poking around.
<review# 659,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/1/2011,10/4/2011,7,72,2,3,2>So, maybe this is one of those pretentiously named Belle Meade spots for "ladies who lunch" but it's still good!I recently met a friend here for Sunday brunch. I got there at 9:30, and there was already a crowd. Fortunately, my friend had arrived a few minutes earlier and had already gotten us a table. No wait= yay!It was difficult to decide among the myriad of yummy sounding options. I ordered the Eighteen Wheeler (French toast, poached eggs, peasant potatoes, & bacon) because I wanted a little of everything. It arrived about 20-25 minutes later and was overall thumbs up! The only thing that bugged me was that the poached eggs were runny.  From previous reviews, I was also highly anticipating the Peasant potatoes. They are just crispy little home fries. Good but I thought they'd be more creatively prepared with cheese, veggies, etc.The French toast was quite good, and the bacon was killer! Thick, crispy, and mmmmmmm! It was just a cheerful plate of goodness to complement a good conversation.Be prepared to pay about $13-15 for an entree and drink= a little steep for brunch but worth it. I would have ordered a Mimosa but the sign said they are $8!!!!
<review# 660,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,6/27/2011,10/3/2011,49,147,,4,3>oak bar review.upscale bar that doesn't present itself in a stuffy manner by any means. if you're coming by to have a drink and sneak out, go downstairs from the front entrance (as though you're going to the bathroom) and the entrance will be on the left. it was busy this saturday evening, we were there at around 7pm. walked up to the bar, then noticed there was an empty table so we seated ourselves. it didn't take very long at all for our server to tend to us: manhattan (up) and a dark + stormy.my manhattan was very good, the whiskey made its presence known but it was never overbearing. friend had the dark and stormy, and i remember hearing the server mention they don't have dark rum, so they used something else. we were the most dressed down people in the bar (i'm no stranger to that scenario, lol), but i didn't feel like i was out of place. parking is validated for the first two hours if you're just going to the bar or restaurant, though the valet operation this day was swamped.looking forward to coming here with a couple other friends for a couple nice drinks to start the night off.eric b
<review# 661,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/22/2012,8/7/2012,122,201,5,7,5>Breakfast burrito update: someone better tighten my collar and hookup my chain..cause this dude's gonna be a regular!Ordered using my half remembered Spanish..Burrito contents:EggCheesePotatoTomatoAvocadoadd - salsa verde and rojorolled into a traditional flour tortilla All under $4The great thing about Mexican foods are that they are relatively healthy if consumed properly. Keep the quantities and meat low, add salsas (spicy foods help burn more calories), and pico de gallo, tomatoes, avocado, and you'll begin to reap the benefits of this amazing taco shop! I'm not gonna mark my territory, because I am a socialized animal. But, you are going to hear me barking cause someone better let me in to Oscar's!
<review# 662,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/29/2012,8/6/2012,148,641,5,6,6>I have never been to an NFL game or an NFL stadium for that matter, but LP Field hosted the Men's Soccer 2012 Olympic qualifying tourney the other weekend. My boyfriend forgot our tickets so we arrived right as the first half ended and found our seats easily enough. I have to say I drive by this place all the time and I thought it would be a lot larger once inside, it's not small but not as ginormous as it appears. Things were easy to get to...however like most stadiums seats were cramped - eh so what, half the time you're standing and shouting. And also like other stadiums it's $900 for parking and $200 for hot dogs and beer etc. Although I live in East Nashville and get pissed when people park and walk to the stadium (particularly those people who park in parking lots for places like churches or community centers) it is the only way you're going to save some dough and work off the hot dog calories anyway.
<review# 663,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/24/2012,8/5/2012,111,543,17,4,3>The place is so classy they don't even print Twin Peaks on your receipt, just T P Restaurant so if your significant other finds the receipt they won't be sad they didn't go to Twin Peaks.What can one say about this place? It's like if Hooters decided to take up residence in the northwest and wear less tacky shorts. I also think they managed to cut out about 2 square feet of clothing from the outfit as they're belly shirts.I walked in and the hostess did some sort of lean to provide maximum cleavage viewing, at least I think she did... it could just be all angles were maximum cleavage viewing angles... I do not know.Not too much for a vegetarian there, had the fried pickles and they were pretty darn great.I wanted to sit outside on their patio, but they said nobody was available to work the patio at that time... I sort of think they just forgot to bring sunscreen honestly and were worried one of them might burn.The bar itself, I actually like it. There's a large display that tells how cold the beer is, their home brew is actually pretty decent, anywhere you look there's a tv, and the waitresses are pretty nice, if provocatively/exploitatively dressed and tasked.The menu is filled with double entendres, leaving no doubt they're selling a show on top of the fairly good / reasonably priced foods. At least with Hooters I do not think the waitresses are listed on the desserts menu as a "scenic view". There are 5 boob / waitress references in the online menu, seems there were more there.Of the TVs they have, there's one tuned to what I would call the porn-preview channel. Seems to be a combo of Red Bull and bikini channel with an occasional very obviously naked behind a curtain woman wandering around with a shotgun.Others have stated silicone left and right, but I'm pretty sure these are wonder bras built into the shirts (much like the hooter's bras) on most of them, so, there's that...Yeah, kind of embarrassing place, the kind you feel you need to put a back story to be in at, which is kind of sad because the food is ok, the service good, and the beer is good and the space is good, but if you look at the customers it's a sausage fest... there must have been 65 men there and 2 women who did not work there, one was not playing for the normal team and the other it was her first time there.It was a damned interesting place, I'll give it that much. The sort of place you can't believe exists outside of a buddy-cop movie... Their WiFi didn't work when I was there though..so yeah... weird weird place.
<review# 664,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/13/2012,8/4/2012,75,499,,7,4>I had a stellar experience here.  I do not give that many 5-star ratings, either, but this is justified.1 - The store is large, clean, well lighted, and not overly cluttered, so there is room to walk around.2 - There is a clearly visible "sign in" board right inside the door for folks who need fit assistance for shoes, orthotics, etc.  So I put my name down.3 - My wait was pretty short, 5-10 minutes, while the associates helped others.4 - The associate who helped me, Scott, was excellent.  He listened to my needs, measure my feet, then had me walk across the store barefoot so he could observe my biomechanics.  He then explained my gait and what he saw, and what kind of running shoes he recommended.  With the first pair on, he sent me out front to run up and down the sidewalk to test them.When I returned, he had the next pair.  When I liked those, too, he had me go again with one of each shoe, and the differences became clear.  We repeated this with a third pair (all different brands), and it was obvious which was best for me.So I bought my new running shoes there.  They earned my business with great service.  They have a fit guarantee, with no time limit or receipt required!Overall,  great experience.  (FYI - I have since run with the new shoes, and they work beautifully.  No guess work this time around.)
<review# 665,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/29/2012,8/3/2012,135,60,1,4,3>again, had to try it so it wasn't a fluke that it was as good as it was the first time. (did that make any sense?!) No surprise here! BAM! Had the chicken tamarind this time to stir it up a bit.  So good!  This is for locals on the lunch grind DOWNTOWN YO!  11am-3pm seems to be the hrs. of the arcade, WHY? WHY?
<review# 666,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/1/2012,8/2/2012,33,287,4,3,3>The Hendersonville Public Library is in a gorgeous location. There's a park with a walking trail close by, and all the buildings around it are new. I did not actually go all the way into the library because I was just there dropping off some books I wanted to donate (part of my "oh-crap-I-have-to-go-back-to-work-tomorrow-and-I-­have-not-run-any-of-my-errands routine that I do every other Tuesday), but what I saw was nice. The young man-and I can say that because I'm pretty sure he was in high school and I am in my (gasp!) late twenties-that assisted me was very nice. I would go back and actually go all the way into the building.
<review# 667,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/13/2012,8/1/2012,156,282,,5,3>I've visited Shannon, who is Gypsy Apple Beauty, twice now, and have been so satisfied with her work both times.  I'm seriously thinking of having her manicures and become a semi-regular event in my schedule.  She is very thorough, and my nails look beautiful.  She gave me an "American" manicure, and was open to various color combinations.  I have been discouraged before by nail technicians who told me that what I wanted is not common and would not look good!  I'm paying for it.. so I'd like it!I've been against paying spa prices for manicures, because the stereotypically Vietnamese owned and operated nail joints are SO much cheaper and have the potential to still look awesome.  But sometimes you don't know what you're going to get at the cheaper salons - the kid who looks barely old enough to have a nail tech license may end up doing your manicure, and he or she sends you out of the store so soon that your polish chips off before you even leave.  Or maybe the nail filing job is messy.  Or the nail tech says what you want is going to look bad, so you need to pick something else...I feel okay about paying for quality at Gypsy Apple!
<review# 668,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/5/2012,7/31/2012,44,98,,4,3>I love BBQ, and since moving to Nashville I have tried to find BBQ that I love as much as Dreamland or Full Moon. Edley's comes close. I got the pork plate with mac and cheese and green beans. The pork was tender and flavorful. It had smokey flavor with out going over board. The sauce is a good blend of sweet and spicy. The mac and cheese was baked and was made w/ real cheese. The green beans were flavorful but nothing special. My friend got the BBQ nachos. Of course, I had to have a taste and they were awesome. First of all the chips were house made potato chips instead of corn chips--awesome. The portion was huge and the toppings were very fresh and flavorful. We were there at lunch on Wednesday. They were steadily busy but service was prompt and attentive. I will definitely be returning to Edley's. There are a lot of other things on the menu I can't wait to try.
<review# 669,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/16/2012,7/30/2012,130,90,,4,2>As soon as I sat down here for the first time, I made the comment "I really like this place."  I don't know what it is.. maybe the extremely friendly greeting we got, the fact that we were starving and could have something besides fast food late at night, or the soothing and classy ambience right in the middle of casual Riverside Village.  Our waiter Sam was beyond awesome.  He made excellent recommendations and was enthusiastic.  Plus, a little bit psychic as he asked right off if we liked spicy food.  Um, YEAH!We ended up with the Madmen roll (because of the spicy) and the pheasant, which is something I would have never selected nor had ever even had.  I am always impressed when something makes me think it's actually spicy, and the Madmen lived up to that.  It was a special that night so I'm not sure if it's on the regular menu, but I sure hope it's there on my next visit.  The pheasant was a surprising delight to me, and was juicy and very flavorful.  I washed it all down with a very well mixed dirty martini.I can see how people might comment on prices as it's higher than some places, but from my experience so far it's totally worth it.  Besides Batter'd and Fried, you've got to leave the East Side to get sushi, and sometimes I just don't want to leave the East Side. :)
<review# 670,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/30/2012,7/29/2012,260,247,1,3,3>I love to SEE and I am SO glad that I have found my go to vision in Nashville. Wearing glasses since the age of 6 (!!!), I have been through my moments of low to high eyewear fashion. They have become an extension of me in so many ways and I pair my glasses with my outfits. I care about my eyewear and make very in depth decisions when making a purchase. While living in Japan, I acquired an impressive collection of specs over time. Often times, I was asked by several people if I purchased my glasses at "SEE."  Unfortunately, I had to break it to them that "they were from Japan." My friends and strangers alike were crushed. Since I heard "SEE" so many times, I decided to check it out after a very heart breaking incident. My roommate has a pup that I love but he ATE MY FAV GLASSES from Japan one day when I was out! I was in utter shock. Just imagine your favorite (insert here) being eaten and chewed up into oblivion. I contacted my eye company in Japan to purchase another pair but they were SOLD OUT! I knew that I couldn't replace these amazing specs so I decided that a pair of sunglasses would be perfect especially with the weather warming up. Not only did I find one, but TWO!!! Marcie was AMAZING and helped me so much. The entire staff cared and wanted me to find the perfect pair. I love the service and how they really want you to feel superb about yourself.I am definitely going back to them! Yesterday, I walked in to tighten a few of my specs and they welcomed me so warmly and remembered me. What a great feeling! Thank you for helping me and having cutting edge frames for your fabulous customers.
<review# 671,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/11/2010,2/9/2011,40,114,3,5,6>I usually eat breakfast here at least once a week and really like the staff and atmosphere.   I have only had other than breakfast one time and that was the BLT.  The BLT was outstanding with plenty of bacon, I hate it when some places just put 2 or 3 slices.  This bacon was thick cut and plenty.  The new menu's are pretty cool, they are shape like old phonographs and actually inside a record jacket cover.  The dishes are humorously name and it's definitely entertaining to read through them.  As for my breakfast experiences I am usually pretty regimented and stick with the 2 egg breakfast.  I'll be honest, it's hard to mess up breakfast for me.  I really want to get by there and try the Monte Cristo.  The menu really  sells it !  If you are looking for a good selection of food with an attentive staff, I suggest you try this place.
<review# 672,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/28/2010,2/8/2011,186,329,13,10,8>Dearest Donna, thou art truly mad.  And I'm mad about you.  No, seriously, let's go out some time and you can make me that fantastic breakfast pizza that I just enjoyed today for brunch.  Speaking of 'mad', you're crazy (in a good way) for creating a breakfast pizza.  Breakfast... pizza... pizza is not cold... pizza is not a day old... um, YES, please.  Flatbread + sausage gravy (the "sauce") + scrambled eggs + two cheeses (the "toppings") = a breakfast orgy in my mouth.  Donna, you're dirty, mad, and created an explosion of yummy.Did I also mention that if you like to consume a little adult beverage with brunch that Donna's has 2 for 1 mamosas on Sunday brunch?  Oh, I didn't...  Well, they do!  Black raspberry, peach, orange, grapefruit... all sounded yummy.  Black raspberry and peach were the delights of choice by my partner in crime today.  She had one of each (because, again, one is not enough).  I tried both.  They were terrific.  She had for brunch the Donna's Omelet, which is a brunch filled with queso, black beans, peppers, and madness.  Omelet... queso... um, yes, please.I will be returning with further reviews of Donna's for "Taco Tuesday" ($2 tacos), "Wings Wednesday" ($0.49 wings), and for drinks at night.Donna, you are UHHHHH-MAZE-ING HOT-NESS.
<review# 673,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/21/2010,2/7/2011,77,14,4,5,5>Copper Kettle is around the corner from my house and absolutely one of my favorite eateries in Nashville - their coconut chicken (on the menu each and every Wednesday) is probably my favorite food in town.  A meat and three taken up a few gourmet notches, the cafeteria-style restaurant always has an extensive selection of your typical hot sides (mashed potatoes, mac & cheese, fried okra) plus a delicious selection of cold salads and sides that rotates daily.  The ingredients are always fresh and seasonal, the cold salads are always creatively assembled, and the freshly baked rolls have been teleported directly from heaven, I swear. Copper Kettle also offers a menu of sandwiches and salads, but I rarely stray from the meat & three offerings.  I can also vouch for the fried chicken, the pecan-crusted chicken, and the fried pork chop.  I can honestly say I have never NOT cleared my plate (though occasionally I've had to be rolled home). Sundays feature Copper Kettle's world-famous all-you-can-eat brunch, which includes delicious treats like three different kinds of baked brie, a carving station, omelets to order and the most drool-inducing smorgasbord of tiny desserts you'll come across in Nashville.  Without a liquor license, Copper Kettle can't offer you a bloody mary or mimosa to go with your meal, but who needs booze when you have an unlimited supply of bacon?Call to hear a recording of the day's menu (just put it in your speed-dial, seriously) - 615-383-7242.
<review# 674,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/29/2010,2/6/2011,78,240,,4,4>Yay, just came from here and it was the best new restaurant experience I have had in Nashville in a while. The atmosphere was sleek without being uncomfortable or pretentious. My redheaded server (whose name I didn't catch, sorry) had a genuine smile and helpfulness that added an extra air of pleasantness to the whole experience. I started my meal with a double espresso. It had a perfect crema and smooth taste - by far the best I've had in this part of town. For lunch I ordered the Provencal, Greek salad stuffed into French bread. It was enormous and served with both a side salad tossed in a pleasantly garlicky dressing and a small pasta salad which was pretty but unremarkable in flavor. The only detractor from the meal was that the dressing inside the Provencal was too heavy, so I recommend you ask it be tossed lightly if you try the same.All in all, I got two full meals worth of food and a great espresso all for under $10. My only regret is that I came on a day too cold for gelato!
<review# 675,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/10/2010,2/5/2011,48,118,,5,7>This is it, your wish to step back in time and visit your grandmothers house "back in the day" has come true. Eat on the porch or step in the house filled with the warm smells of food prepared with love, ether way you're a welcome guest in Barbara's home.I have never lifted a fork at Barbara's that wasn't delightful. The staff is charming and ready to please. Accompany your meal with ice tea, Barbara's legendary rolls and follow it up with some banana pudding and you'll be ready to give her a hug and run out in the yard and chase lightning bugs with your cousins. Welcome home.
<review# 676,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/23/2010,2/4/2011,29,134,3,5,3>After lamenting to my husband that I was going to be presentless on Christmas morning (not entirely his fault, as we recently purchased a scooter and had agreed that would be our joint Xmas pressie this year), he offered to take me over to Borders to see if there were any books that I'd like to find waiting for me under the tree. Instead, I wound up popping into Muse Boutique and I'm so happy I did.One thing I lament about Nashville is that it's only recently getting away from "mall culture" where everyone throngs to Green Hills or the like in order to buy the same old stuff at chain stores. I prefer being able to walk around and pop into boutiques with funky brands that let me show a bit of personal pizazz in my clothing rather than looking like I just stepped out of a Gap catalog. I was really pleased with the selection of clothes at Muse Boutique! Lots of very trendy stuff that is perhaps more geared towards clubbing or nights out, but those willing to comb the racks are sure to find a few versatile outfits. Given the rather glam slant of the clothes I expected them to be rather pricey, but I wound up founding everything very affordable and reasonably price... even more so because they were having a 20% off sale! I wound up snagging a really cute cream-colored dress with ruffle sleeves (love!) and leather trim, and a black coat with plenty of snaps and straps which pleases me to no end. Also, as others have mentioned, the shoe selection is pretty awesome with lots of statement footwear that had my shoe fetish kicking into high gear. I refrained from picking up any new footwear but I make no guarantees about my next visit...The only thing that disappointed me a bit about the clothes was that the sizing definitely runs small (probably because there are a lot of designer brands here), so not everything is going to fit ladies who have curves. Also, the store doesn't offer refunds on any merchandise - just exchanges and store credit, so choose wisely! According to the sales girl I spoke with, they get new stock in up to three times a week so there are plenty of excuses to come back and lots of turnover should you have buyer's remorse... which thankfully I haven't! I'll definitely be back!
<review# 677,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/15/2010,2/3/2011,42,90,2,10,4>As a woman, going into a car repair shop can be intimidating.  Most women don't know the first thing about cars and most auto shops know that!  I've made it a point to learn things, but it still helps to find some place where you know they won't take advantage of your lack of knowledge.I have used Community Garage of Madison for years and I have never been unhappy with my service or treatment there.  They do their best to fit you in as soon as possible, and they are very flexible with your schedule.  They open at 7am which is really nice for getting service done before work, or close to it.  I've taken my car here for general tune-ups, oil changes, brake work, etc.  If they don't offer a certain service, they will give you a reliable referral someplace nearby that does (i.e. transmission replacements, repair).The owners are very down-to-earth and the office staff is friendly and helpful.  They don't charge you more than the job is worth and they do a quality job.  I highly recommend taking your car to a place like Community Garage of Madison!
<review# 678,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/12/2010,2/2/2011,11,66,,3,2>We went for brunch today.  My reaction upon sitting down & getting a cup of coffee was "ahhhh, this is nice".  I probably should've made my husband switch places with me so I could look out the windows at the building snowstorm & enjoy the comfy warmth that much more.  The coffee wasn't great, but was a cut above the usual restaurant coffee.  Their brunch take on bringing bread to the table was beignets rolled in cinnamon sugar.  They also brought butter, which is definitely gilding the lily--those beignets didn't need it!  Still, the butter was yummy on them.I had the chef's omelette with ham, cheese, & green onion.  I meant to order the salmon scramble, but apparently I didn't listen closely enough when the waiter ran through the specials--I thought that was the chef's omelette.  Oh well, it was a very good omelette!  The green onions were a good change from standard diced onion.  Husband had the cajun benedict.  I tasted it--the beef tenderloin was very tender, the egg properly cooked, but the sauce had too much cumin in it for me.  This is not really a detraction; I can only take cumin in small quantities.  It is the "in" spice, though, so most people would probably think the sauce was great.  I like the atmosphere.  It's modern without being barren, and they don't try too hard to be HIP.  We didn't linger, but I definitely got the impression that we could've if we wanted to.  And the price point was much lower than I expected.
<review# 679,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/6/2011,2/1/2011,64,100,3,7,3>Professional trainers that ACTUALLY cater to your personalized physical heatlh needs!  My previous trainer in Chicago was actually overweight which made me feel like, "If he's asking me to do these things, shouldn't he practice what he preaches?!"  So when I moved to Nashville, I ventured out to find a new personal trainer in Nashville, independent of large franchised gyms.   When I first walked into LEAN, I was pretty nervous.  You know walking into a gym with fit people and me walking with my gut hanging out made me feel really uncomfortable.  But all the trainers aren't here to judge, they're here to actually make you feel better by losing weight and making you stronger and even provide educational classes on nutrition on occasion.  I've been going to LEAN for the past few months and they really know how to motivate you to go one step further that I probably wouldn't be able to do on my own. For me and probably like many others, I lacked the motivation to push myself to my limit, hindered by negative attitude.  The trainers at LEAN positively motivate and encourage you to do your best and whip you up into shape.   If your New Year's resolution is to get in shape in Nashville, go to LEAN personal training!
<review# 680,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/5/2010,1/31/2011,19,41,5,6,5>Dear Sweet 16th,Thank you for introducing me to my favorite sandwich of all time, the egg casserole on a cheddar scone.  Everytime I unwrap you I salivate a little.  I know that's gross, but it's a love letter, right? Trying to be romantic... Your coffee is always delicious as well.  I wish you offered soy milk or skim milk, but whatever you have will do.  You're worth it.  I wish you stayed open a little later on Saturdays, but it's probably my fault for being lazy!!Also thank you for your kind words during the Thanksgiving season.  Everyone was picking up their huge orders, but I wanted the usual - my scone and coffee.  I made a joke about my measly purchase and you said "That is what keeps us open. Everyone else here comes in once a year."  I like your attitude and sense of business loyalty.You get crowded at times (small corners, 1 register) but your service is fast... and again, "You're worth it!"See you soon, EAPS: I wasn't trying to eavesdrop (ok, yes I was) but I overheard a lady saying that her mother was a baker and this was the only place that compares. Aw!
<review# 681,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/10/2012,11/12/2012,135,60,4,2,2>I've been fortunate to have sampled several of this man's cheesecake and let me tell you, there's NOTHING cheesy about it! A unique crust of chocolate, today I am having the swirl of chocolate and boy o boy! Yowza!!! woooooooo hoooooo! damn that's some fine cheesecake Randy! $5 a slice and worth every penny! Usually has several cakes to choose from so don't be shy!Tip: you can get 3 slices for $10!!!! bitchin'!
<review# 682,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/29/2012,11/11/2012,44,217,1,7,3>christian virtues are taught by a pastor who connects well with people. It does not matter where you come from as long you come, you can belong.  In addition, they are very good at giving back and welcome you to help serve with many different opportunities. Music is extremely loud, so you are encouraged to sing and not feel self concious because others can hear you.  At first I felt like I was going deaf.  Some nice performances and the music is ok.  There are multiple services, and locations to allow you fit worship into your life.I appreciate the community service projects this church helps you connect with.  Safe Haven, the bridge ministry, many of the homeless projects and food banks to give back.  The 5:30 service is predominately youth, with availability to community groups.They are thriving and are buying a new building downtown near LP Field.  This place is great for those without a deep background in the bible, as they teach you plainly and repeat the message so that the message is understood.
<review# 683,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/5/2012,11/10/2012,194,461,3,4,2>New Saturday hang out alert.  They created a real beer garden!!!  Not only that but they served an incredible ($10) burger.  New favorite gourmet burger, okay tied with Holland House.  We also shared ($9) duck confit quesadillas.  The tap room is decently sized but the real gem is the outside area.  They have minimal tables along the wall but they have plenty of bench space in the green patio area.  I still contend that this would be a great place to have a small wedding.  It rivals Rumours East patio except it's minimalist/modern inspired instead of rustic and homey.  I went for the sampler because you have to on the first visit.   Even though I've had Fat Bottom at the EN Beer Festival I had to sit down and give it a real taste.  I was really digging the Oatmeal Stout and strangely I like the Black Betty IPA.  I HATE IPA's but I kind of like this one.  It doesn't make sense.   This place is awesome and it's going to change the area.  Once Edley's and The Crying Wolf get up and running, the area is going to be prime!
<review# 684,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/11/2012,11/9/2012,111,543,,4,3>After a 21 mile/13 stop trudge looking for a shower riser for a claw bathtub I happened in to Johnson's Hardware and asked if they could rig something. They said yes, probably but to check with another store first, and after that failed I came back.We picked out a pipe, the guy cut it down to the right size, put threads on it, got some angle pieces, and now I have a working shower again as opposed to having to wait for days for the parts to show up.It's an odd story as to why it needed to be right then, but it had to be done, and they did everything needed to make that happen.They also have a lazy cat, so it adds a certain level of awesome to the place.They're not the cheapest, but they're not unreasonable, and if you need some crazy pipe built they're awesome.
<review# 685,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/20/2012,11/8/2012,91,274,1,5,4>Free music.  While sitting on the grass.  While eating food truck food.  Hanging out with friends.  Beer tents.  GREAT music.  Stop reading if any of this isn't your idea of a good time because apparently you don't like fun.I love Live on the Green.  I get excited every year when they announce the lineup.  Even if I don't know the acts playing, I make sure I am off work early and there for the openers.  I have never been disappointed in an act I've seen here and quite frankly have acquired new favorites as a result.There are always food trucks lined up on the street around the green, so bring a blanket and have a picnic.  Every year its getting more and more popular to the point where its become impossible to get onto the actual grass by the second act.  I will say I wish there were more beer tents, as the lines get long, but it's not going to stop me from coming.Sitting under the stars with friends and hearing live music on a Thursday night is so very Nashville, and it's an experience not to be missed.  Come early and just deal with the crowds.  Focus on the music and bring good company.  Bring cash too, for brews, food truck grub, and memorabilia they sell there (SUPPORT LOTG!!!).  This is one of the best parts of fall.Unless you don't like fun, in which case please stay home so there's more room on the grass for the rest of us.
<review# 686,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/18/2012,11/7/2012,44,98,4,4,3>I can't believe I've been in Nashville 9 months and just tried this place. It's amazing. I tried a few flavor before deciding on the goat cheese with cherries and whiskey and pecans. The goat cheese was sweet and creamy with just a hint of goat cheese and the cherries were swirled in. I will dream about that flavor; there are no words that can describe the wonderfulness of this ice cream perhaps it is sweetened with unicorn tears. The whiskey and pecan wasn't as sweet but still the perfect texture and combination of flavors. I can't wait to go back and try some more. The flavors are unique and seasonal. They also have a good selection of sorbets and other treats. I saw oatmeal cream pies and swiss cake rolls in the case that I just might need next time. Also, they sell there wonderfulness by the pint to take home. This is not good for my diet.
<review# 687,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/25/2012,11/6/2012,148,641,3,14,6>Dear East Nashville,YES we do have a place to recycle glass and cardboard (items not allowed in the green trash bins that we have at home). AND not only that but this center accepts hazardous and electronic waste, which many of the other centers in Nashville do not! Household hazardous waste (HHW) refers to products containing potentially harmful or toxic chemicals, often used for cleaning and maintenance of our homes. Electronic waste includes computers, printers and scanners, connection cables, TV's, microwaves, video or music cassettes/disks and more. SOOOO why throw out all that stuff when you can easily hop on Ellington or mosey on down Gallatin to Trinity lane and drop it off? I'm not going to go on a rant about why you should recycle that could take up too much of this review which should primarily provide information about this facility. But if you don't you really should.When you're ready to bring your stuff down to the center, make sure you going during their open hours. You'll turn off of Trinity on to Dr Richard G Adams Dr and about a block down you'll turn right. You'll stop at the gate house and say "hey I've got glass, or something to recycle" and they'll wave you on through. You can pull your car up to the designated station and drop off you waste accordingly. They have easy to read signs that explain what is accepted, for example if you're dropping off glass make sure the lids are taken off and they've been totally emptied of liquid, make sure you're putting the brown glass in the brown glass section etc. If you have card board, don't put it in the paper bin, put it in the card board crushing bin. The website nashville.gov/Public-Wor for this place has a list of what is and is not accepted here, but you'd be surprised what you can recycle. PRACTICALLY EVERYTHING. I once heard the statistic that %70 of what we use everyday can be recycled and some it can even be composted. In Los Angeles where I'm from, they've made it easy for lazy butts, all recycling (except hazardous waste) can go on the recycling bin they pick it up weekly. But until Nashville can expand it's program we have to be responsible and dispose of our waste properly. This recycling center makes it really convenient for East Nashvillian's to do this! Take advantage!PS Although it's not listed I have seen mattress and refrigerators at this location. It may be a good idea to call and ask ahead of time what the protocol is. But yeah you'd be surprised what is in a mattress that makes then super toxic.
<review# 688,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/4/2012,11/5/2012,32,72,6,6,4>I have lived in Nashville for my entire life, but prior to this weekend, I had been to Loveless exactly one time - and that was on my 11th birthday, 20 years ago.As I drove back from a trip to Nashville West with my family, I pointed out that while I knew Nashville like the back of my hand...I honestly had no idea how to get to the Loveless...so we decided to go on Saturday night, completely ignoring the fact that people were starting to roll in for Fan Fair.When we arrived, I found a spot right by the front door...because I'm awesome. There was a 25 minute wait, but since it's the Loveless and it's Saturday night (and it was gorgeous out), that was no problem...we just explored the property.There's a little shop off to the side that sells ham, bacon, preserves, biscuit mix and various Nashville paraphenalia like you would find if you were getting off the airport. Yeah, it's tourist central, but who really cares - there's a fridge full of bacon. Seriously. Bacon. Fridge. Want. (My sister and I were unsuccessful at convincing my mom to get a "I'm Not Bashful I'm From Nashville" sticker for her car).So we moseyed around (because that's what we natives do when we're not line dancing, going to Tootsies and wearing our boots and hats, right? We mosey) and found a nice big porch outside Trace Bikes (which is in one of the shops in the old converted Motel - the Motel portion of the Loveless has been converted into a hipster strip mall) and enjoyed the sun while we waited for the pager to go off.When we went inside...we walked past the screen door that used to be the entrance (and was the last time I was there) and went right...last time I went left.After reviewing the menu (and determining that I wanted breakfast for dinner and you can't convince me otherwise), I got a barbecue pork omelette, thinking a) I like both of those things and b) where else am I going to get that. They brought our biscuits and preserves to the table (if in doubt, use the peach), we fell into a biscuit coma and our food came.While I never ever would have considered putting barbecue into an omelette...it was fantastic (and gigantic)...I'd get it again if there weren't so much more deliciousness waiting for me on the menu in future visits.Because we had determined that we had already gone all-in with this dinner, we ordered dessert. I had banana pudding. It was perfect, with the little bits of banana and soggy vanilla wafer in it...um. More please.So touristishness and cliches be damned, I love the Loveless.
<review# 689,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/17/2012,11/4/2012,627,968,8,7,4>Woah now, this place puts Nashville on the foodie map.  Thank goodness since I have been missing creative, "foodie" restaurants.  But since the BF is also a foodie type and wants to go to chef school I thought that it would be a great outing for us.You must make reservations.  You must do this a month in advance on their website.  I put a reminder on my calendar and did it the first thing when I woke up.  Especially if you want to go on a weekend, I think you should do a calendar reminder on your Outlook to be sure you get it.  If you are going during the week you might still want to do this.  Just to be sure.Don't be weirded out by the solid white room where a girl in solid white greets you and takes you on an elevator.  She's taking you to your food destiny!  The seats are mostly in a U shape around the kitchen area.  There are two separate tables off to the side for larger groups but I don't think too large of a group could come here and all dine together.So the cool thing about this is that the kitchen is in the middle and you can watch all the food preparations as they happen.  That means you can excitedly anticipate what your next course is!  Often one of the chefs will be right in front of you and you can ask them questions if you want.  We did quite a bit of that and everyone was totally down with answering questions - I think they want you to be interested.Some of the food we had?  Porcini and parm oreo.  Hot chicken bite.  Chatham oyster.  Cornbread and bacon bite.  A dish that included pork belly (to die for).  Halibut.  Pigeon from SC - yes, pigeon!  Really delicious too!  Lamb.  Caramelized yogurt.  Pinaeapple gelee.  Bourbon balls (I do love boozy balls! ha!).  9 courses of amazing food.  As they serve you they tell you what is in the dish down to the smallest detail.  This is a DREAM if you are totally interested - like your very own Top Chef episode right in front of you.  All of it was delicious, some of it was divine.We also opted for the paired drink option (basic, not the full blown ritzy option).  I LOVED how they told you exactly what you were drinking down to the last detail.  Again, this is exactly what you want to hear if you are totally into knowing all the ingredients.  Some of the drinks were mixed drink concoctions, some were wines, some were carbonated, all were YUM.  I love booze and I REALLY LOVED this part.  If you don't do the pairings you can still order a bottle of wine from their list if you want.  OR I guess just drink water but that is borrrrrring.Even though each portion is small (as it should be at a 9 course meal) you will still be stuffed to the gills.  And slightly buzzed if you got the paired drinks.  What could be better than being buzzed and full of glorious food that you really can't get anywhere else?  NOTHING.At the end of the evening they give you hand written menus which I have already decided to frame and put in my kitchen.  When you enjoy a meal like this and pay accordingly it is nice to have a memo around.  Maybe when I hang it up I will be inspired to cook more than Lean Cuisines and toast.  Meh, maybe I should leave that to the professionals.As I alluded to, this is not going to be a cheap night out, nor should it be.  Save up, go for a special occasion or something, and spend the money with a clear conscience.  It was worth EVERY FREAKIN PENNY.  I am already trying to figure out when I can go back and who I can talk into going with me.5 FULL STARS!  I'll be back again Catbird Seat!!
<review# 690,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/6/2012,11/3/2012,500,733,1,5,3>Got a Philly cheestesteak sub. Its delicious... a little salty and oniony, but I like it!  Also, I was really happy with the delivery guy.  Even though, it took him some time to get to me, he knew where my residence hall was and was very friendly.  He smiled and said "Hi, how are you?"  Amazing! ... most of my delivery guys are kind of jerks...
<review# 691,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/10/2014,7/2/2014,57,97,1,9,4>What a genius venue. OZ is the brainchild of the Ozgener family and can be found in the far off reaches of West Nashville. It used to be a cigar factory at some point in its history. Now, it boasts some spectacular open space that allows you the creativity to do whatever you want with it. Dedicated to being an "artist's venue," OZ is just one of those places you have to see to understand. The only negative to OZ is that it is in the middle of NOWHERE, which makes enjoying sips a little difficult.
<review# 692,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/8/2014,7/1/2014,10,45,17,16,9>Dear Sushi,If you and I are going to have a serious, long term relationship we should be perfectly honest with each other.  Let me start by saying that I really thought I was going to dislike you.  I thought that because of your location and the fact that you are not very pretty I would end our relationship just as quickly as the many others before you.  But truly, underneath the basic rock lies a sparkling diamond.  How accommodating you were when we first met.  Your innocent smiles and almost bashful attitude were cute.  But cute doesn't always cut it in my book - I needed more.  When you fed me I didn't have to wait very long to receive the  miso soup which had an interesting mix of ingredients that I'd not seen before.  Since this was the first thing I was given my first thoughts were that you had thrown all of the leftover ingredients into the broth to make it look fancy, hoping that you could save money by utilizing yesterday's leftover ingredients... NOT SO!  You had me at miso.Next you served me a calamari salad after informing me that the tiny octopus was not available.  And what did I think?  Well, again, if we're being honest I first thought you were being a little stingy with the meat until  I inserted your vibrant colorful, crispy, and complex salad into my mouth... WOW.  Doooon't........ Stoooop......... Doooon't........ Stoooop........ Don't stop! {ahem}..Sorry.Halfway through my teriyaki chicken, steamed shrimp dumplings, and just as my first dish of maki arrived I began to feel inadequate.  I felt under dressed and embarrassed that I had ordered a coke when every dish that you gave me was beautifully presented and tasted amazing.  Yes, I said it.. you tasted amazing.  So much so that I almost used the four letter word that most guys wouldn't touch even after 10 dates.  I will admit, that I was beginning to fall in love.  sigh.  Did I mention that the rice was perfectly cooked,  the seaweed was not overwhelming, the fish was tastefully fresh, and the flavors in my dish were complex and masterfully put together?  If I didn't, it was only because I felt small and insignificant in my grey hoodie and Dansko clogs.  I really should have dressed up for our first meeting!!As I left it was difficult for me to say goodbye.  Although you are small, unadorned, and have very little possessions I was very impressed.  I felt that I had finally found a long lost friend.  How did you get to Nashville?  How did you get to a tiny little hole in the wall off of Stewart's Ferry Pike is the better question?  Can I just say that I haven't had Japanese food of this quality since I left the big city of Chicago? You are so humble,  but seriously... you are amazing and  technically the best sushi in the city.  I mean that.Maybe we were destined to meet.  Whatever, the reasons we are now connected you and I.  One day I suspect you will leave me,  I know that I am not worthy of a world class meal from you everyday but until that day comes I will live fully and I will cherish every moment that we have together.  I can't wait till I see you again!Sincerely,Your Sushi Lover
<review# 693,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/4/2014,6/30/2014,43,108,12,21,16>This review is based on dinner & drinks & doesn't involve anything with the live music. I know I live in music city, but I really don't care much about live music. We went for dinner on a Friday night around 8:30 & I didn't hear or see any live music.Parking - good luck finding a parking spot. After doing about 10 laps around the lot, we got lucky and was about to get a spot. The building is fairly new, & the inside decor is nice, but not amazing. I do have to say that love the booths. They are walled off, "U" shaped & can fit 7 people nicely. The place has a cool vibe without trying to be hipster. I wished I remembered our servers name, she was great & friendly. We had a order of pickles that I randomly got free from checking in on Yelp. We also had a cheese board what had different cheeses & crackers. It was good but not amazing. For drinks, I felt something simple & order just a diet & bourbon. The drink was strong & I very much. A friend ordered a Moscow mule, which the server didn't seem to know of, but the bartender was about to create it. Food - I order the hot chicken with macaroni and bacon on top. I'd read the reviews & wanted to try it. I'm glad that I did. It was very hot, but not in a "I can't eat this" way. The chicken came with slaw, cornbread and honey on top. Maybe it was because I'd had a few to drink before I sat down for dinner, but I didn't notice until I looked at the picture a few days later that the macaroni has a small, pinch of bacon dust on it. Nonetheless, the macaroni was great, I just wished it had the bacon on it. Overall, a great place to conversant in the large booths with friends & get a drink or two & some yummy food. If you like music, they supposedly have that too.
<review# 694,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/10/2014,6/29/2014,9,106,,5,4>30 different glasses for the 30 European and American brews on tap make Hurry Back the Nashville craft beer  bar most true to the brewers intent. That means beer snobs will sip from the glass designed for the nose that makes each of the beers unique. Whatever. Flying Saucer has lots of dedicated glassses, but not 100%. That counts for something? For sure, the beer is the star.  Porter Road Butcher short-rib meat gourmet hotdogs are a reasonable $6 each. A Veggie Non-Dog sandwich with hummus and more is a bone for the vegans, I guess. Other than the dogs, the rest of the limited menu is pubgrub. Part of the personality of this bar is the staff, like the slim young rocker who pours beer and sings in clubs. The next door Exit In owners choose their  Hurry Back staff well. The scene is a good before or aftershow drinkspot and a good addition to the Rock Block.
<review# 695,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,3/7/2014,6/28/2014,40,166,4,6,3>Hey, remember that mediocre/kind of awful sushi place randomly sitting on West End at 440? Yeah, it's a castle now. This is a tough location.  Besides being a little random, the insanely bright lights from the gas station next door stream directly into the restaurant and ruin the mood lighting since there are no tinted windows/shades/anything to stop the blinding intrusion. The only windows line the gas station side of the building, too. We sat on the non-window side and were still a bit distracted. Since they're still pretty new, hopefully there's still something in the works to block the light/view?Parking appeared to be valet only, which seemed a little weird since they literally drove the car about 3 feet to pull into a parking space. But it's free, so just remember your singles to tip! We were there on a slow Sunday, so I'm sure valet is more useful when they're busier. The staff was friendly, but I think they were still working out some of the kinks.  There was no hostess to be found when we walked in (on time for our reservation), and when she finally appeared from the back she told us she had been in the kitchen tasting food. Then she volunteered the dollar amount of the renovations on the newly vaulted ceilings (which are beautiful!).  Our waiter was also friendly, but very laid back.  Now, don't get me wrong, I don't mind a laid back staff at all, I usually prefer it, but it didn't match the atmosphere they seemed to be going for.  Neon lights streaming in, overly casual staff, and a TV showing Olympic coverage right behind us at the bar contradicted the fancy French decor/vibe. Maybe I'm being picky, but it seemed like they didn't quite have an identity yet.  Are you a casual dinner spot or fine dining? The menu is largely in French (French dish names with English descriptions), so being a native French speaker I had no problem pronouncing my order... but the waiter stared at me like I had 3 heads... "The WHAT!? (I point) OH, you want the CHI-CKEN." Don't list your "CHI-CKEN" as Poulet Rouge on the menu unless you maybe train your staff to know what Poulet Rouge is? I'm not asking for fluency by any means, but I don't think it's too much to ask for the waiter to know the names of the dishes as they're listed on the menu. I was a good sport about it when he asked for some pronunciation advice, but come on. On to the food: We had a fondue appetizer - Amazing. The fluffy little bread served with it was great by itself, let alone dipped in fancy cheese (we had the brie, miel [honey] & truffle). I could have eaten a whole meal of those.  Entrees were pretty good, but not mind blowing. I had the Poulet Rouge and he had the Boeuf Bourguignon. We had the croquembouche for dessert, which we were pretty disappointed with.  It was basically just a couple of plain profiteroles sitting on plate, which is not really what croquembouche is supposed to be. Those are just called profiteroles. Long, rambling story short - it does have potential, but was just ok overall. The staff bragged about their brunch a lot, so that might be my next move if I go back.
<review# 696,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/9/2014,6/27/2014,86,52,12,6,3>I ate at this restaurant for a second time with the new chef Trevor from Copenhagen. It was a wonderful experience and I must say I even liked it better than the first time! All of the dishes were creative and perfectly paired with alcohol and it's just great food as well.I get a laugh when I read the lower star reviews of this particular restaurant, especially the nitpicky and totally un-educated reasons that they give them lower stars, just makes me want to laugh at these uneducated, untraveled, uncultured, idiots. Like the guy who complaint because he saw the chef tasting the food?? I'm sorry but if the chef is not willing to taste whats he's about to serve me it might scare me!If anybody that eats in this restaurant isn't completely awed they must be a tightly wound asshole!
<review# 697,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/21/2014,6/26/2014,44,230,3,5,3>How am I just now discovering this little dive?! It's in the middle of an industrial wasteland, but inside the spray painted trailer is an untouched karaoke bar out of a movie. "Santa" checks your id at the door while his redneck looking woman inside serves up cheap, cold beer. Tables and chairs falling apart. A fake Christmas tree adorns the makeshift stage. No liquor, which is a bummer when you are singing in front of strangers, but this place rocks. You will see a myriad of people from all ages and walks of life. Random décor, communal sink for the restrooms, vintage cigarette machine in the back. This place is Americana at it's finest. The sign clearly reads NO CUSSING and NO DOUCHEBAGS. You tell 'em, Santa! This is about the ONLY place I'll go that smells like cigarette smoke. What a dive. Can't wait to go back. Nothing but love for Santa's Pub!
<review# 698,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/4/2014,6/25/2014,83,145,,2,3>Try the Atlantica omelet. It's excellent. A lot of places in Nashville can't get the salmon right-- it's either too bland or bad quality fish. Service was spot-on too.It'll definitely be a brunch spot for me.
<review# 699,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/22/2014,6/24/2014,17,31,,4,2>Jonathan's is always a great place to grab lunch or for happy hour. In my opinion they have the best happy hour in Cool Springs.If you are looking for lunch, they have fantastic sandwiches. Their pizza is always a must. Really anything on their menu. The chili is surprisingly good (great for a cold day, pair it with a half sandwich and you will not be disappointed). Very friendly wait staff and the bar is a great place to catch games. They always have great specials going on during football season.
<review# 700,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/25/2014,6/23/2014,41,15,3,4,4>Looking for yummy lunch spot in East Nashville? Look no further!I've been to Silly Goose a handful of times now and each time was better than the last. This isn't your ordinary sandwich shop. The food here is created with finesse and complex flavors. I'm usually a straight-forward bologna sandwich type of guy but I love the tastes and enjoy all the food here. This is one of those places where you shouldn't get the same thing twice.The restaurant is quite small though so depending on your timing, you could be in for a wait. If you are stuck with a wait, go next door and grab some coffee or even some ice cream.You can't really go wrong with anything on the menu!
<review# 701,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/29/2010,11/16/2010,78,240,6,4,3>Had to take my first "maintenance" visit here after some young hoodlum egged my precious Honda. They seemed empathetic (if a little too entertained) and took extra care to wash off the evidence of someone's bad parenting. They also replaced the screw that had fallen off my bumper leaving a bit askew, the result of some curb that had leaped out and attacked me (not my fault I swear) all gratis.
<review# 702,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/26/2010,11/15/2010,34,39,,4,5>This embodies all that is Nashville..... no wait this is part of what makes Nashville so amazing. A small drive to the edge of the city and you are near the Natchez Trace Parkway and the Loveless Cafe. Get their early... I mean REALLY early. This place is packed on the weekends but well worth the wait. All the food is a amazing but Blackberry Jam and Biscuits are by far the best way to start any breakfast. I am not a southerner by a long shot, but this place makes me feel I have a southern Aunt who puts all her love into the food. Comfort food take a back seat, I get the same feeling eating here that I do for Thanksgiving.
<review# 703,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/30/2010,11/14/2010,3,76,2,4,6>Walking up the runway (ramp) into Virago I already feel special before entering the womb of the place. It feels safe and daring at the same time in its windowless glamour. The Asian fusion art of Virago designer sushi surpasses other places attempts at sushi roll art. Rainbow Box crab and salmon sushi roll rocked. Flame seared robatoyaki is fun on a stick. Both chicken meatball and steak robatoyaki were wonderful. The bar is the star focus with dining area tables view of the chic bar-rats. Virago is a fun change from my YOLOS restaurant comfort zone.
<review# 704,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/5/2010,11/13/2010,98,238,2,3,2>I will admit I did not buy anything, and I only went to look around and see what they had.Granted Simon and Ripley's is a relatively new store, but I can guarantee that they are top notch as I normally never review a business without doing business with them first.For the past several weeks I have been looking into the music side of the next step in my Mac production based workflow. Among the things I plan on saving up to invest in are a new MacBook Pro with Adobe CS5, Final Cut Studio, an Apogee Duet, two additional Blue Microphone mics, some multimedia grade hard drives, and some additional hardware.Well, you are asking why did I then visit a guitar store? The answer is that an Electric Guitar can be inexpensively set up to record directly into a computer. So I am now wanting to get a guitar, a Godin 5th Avenue Kingpin II Archtop to be exact. This guitar I chose because of the sheer flexibility it would allow me to have in playing and recording into Logic. Don't get me wrong, Logic is a great piece of audio production software; however, when combined with a quality modeling amp, like the line6 amp they sell, it takes a huge load off my computer by pre-producing the sound I need before it is recorded.That aside, the staff there is very nice and knowledgeable. They strive to be helpful in every way as they answered all my questions without hesitation or trying to steer me to some other product. More importantly, they even sell music, equipment and supplies for instruments other than piano and guitar; which in a town like Nashville, where guitar shops can be a dime a dozen, really shows how much they care about the entire music community. So it is with great pleasure that I give Simon and Ripley's 5 full stars, though really they deserve 10 just for how helpful they were. I will definitely be returning there when I am ready to buy my Godin 5th Avenue Kingpin II, and that is a guarantee.
<review# 705,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/17/2010,11/10/2010,33,14,3,5,4>Over the years, Prince's has gone from being an obscure tiny dive in a part of town you've never been to before to being a very famous tiny dive in a part of town you've never been to before.If you're visiting Nashville from out of town, the restaurant will not be convenient to any place you are staying or are hanging out. But as you can tell from these reviews, it's going to be worth the expensive cab ride. Another thing you can tell from the reviews that's true: This place is all about the chicken. It comes in three versions: plain, medium and hot. Don't order the hot. I promise. You'll die. The first time I went there (before there were long lines), I asked for the hot. The lady at the window (it's inside, but there's a window into the kitchen where you order) said, "Have you ever eaten here?" When I said "no," she said, "You don't want the hot." I ordered the medium at her insistence. I'm glad I did.Over the years, as my taste buds have withered, I can handle the heat, but I still advise you to get the medium.I haven't been in quite some time, so the reviews about the long lines give me pause. It's certainly a unique experience and I recommend it. But I'm not sure I'd devote several hours of a short trip to Nashville to it.Special link: In September, 2010, Blake Farmer, a reporter for Nashville Public Radio station, WPLN, did this story about Nashville's hot chicken tradition and its growing popularity:  wpln.org/?p=20350
<review# 706,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/26/2009,11/9/2010,57,139,2,3,3>Pretty much the best used book store I've ever seen.  Also, their used textbook selection is quite robust--although I doubt it would be good for finding the text your prof is using.  (For size purposes--I believe it occupies 2/3rds of an old Circuit City and they look to have about a dozen employees stocking and processing books)I wish their business and marketing section was a bit bigger, but it was pretty decent.  Their philosophy and Christian books sections were both pretty sizable.  Also, do expect a used bookstore feel.Also, the commenter above that said they had the same prices as blockbuster may be half right.  I saw a table full of DVDs which were in the $2 range including mainstream hits from A-list celebs.Easily in my top 3 or 4 places to shop for books in town.  Rating: 4.45
<review# 707,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/27/2010,11/8/2010,0,6,3,3,3>I'll be the first to say that I'm not exactly an expert on Thai food, but I certainly want to be!  This pad thai was a bit different than other pad thai I've gotten at other places, but it was good!  I went in for a to-go order at lunch and I got my food in less than 10 minutes.  A server even brought me a cup of tea while I waited.  Extremely nice staff as I had two different people ask me if I'd been taken care of while I was waiting for my order.  The pad thai might have been a bit heavy on the onions, but I suppose that's probably a personal preference (although I really like onions.)  The gentleman who took my order didn't ask me what heat level I would like, so I'm assuming I got mild.  It wasn't THAT hot, which is good, because I can be a big ole weiner when it comes to spice (I know what you're thinking.  "And you want to be a pro at Thai food?  Pfft."  I know, I know.)  Anyway, I will definitely be going back and trying some things on the menu that I can't even pronounce and from these reviews, I'm anxious to try the curry.  It's close to work, so I see myself getting a quick bite here quite often.  Cute atmosphere, good food, and great service.  I'm not sure what else one would want in any kind of cuisine!
<review# 708,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/29/2010,11/7/2010,42,90,,5,2>I have been going to Jon Alan in Cool Springs for about two years now.  I was referred to a specific Level 4 stylist there by a friend.  I have always gone to AVEDA concept salons because I like the AVEDA brand and what they stand for.  I sometimes just like to smell it.I will say, I only get hair cuts and I've never colored my hair.  I could probably get away with a Level I or II stylist (more like $30) for what I need, but I really like the girl that I go to.  Unfortunately that means I am paying WAY too much for a hair cut.  That's my fault though.I've had to wait a bit, but my gal is a great colorist and sometimes she is running a bit behind with a previous client.  I'm content to wait though and it's never been more than about 15 minutes.  The staff is super friendly and helpful.  I've never been pushed to buy anything, by my stylist or by the receptionists.The head massages are great and I sometimes take them up on their offer for free beverages.  I use their online booking system (you can always book in person or over the phone) and I love it.  I only schedule appointments once my hair starts getting on my nerves.  I'm not an every 4-6 weeks type of gal.I highly recommend Jon Alan in Cool Springs and they are expanding so you should check them out!
<review# 709,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/28/2010,11/6/2010,19,41,2,7,6>It is hard to believe I have practiced Kundalini yoga for almost TEN years. I remember my first class vividly (I was a Freshman in college and we practiced outside under huge, ancient trees) and as I have read from many other Kundalini students' accounts, it was instantly something I knew would stick with and be a part of my life forever. What attracted me the most about the study was understanding and trying to practice the state of a neutral mind.  This concept was new at first and will always be a challenge to me.  However the more I think about it, the more books I read regarding, and the more yoga I practice - the easier it comes. I am thankful that this is always something I will have to work towards. Additionally, I am a big advocate of the "serving yourself so you can serve others" mentality. This is not necessarily a concept exclusive to anything in particular, but it is something I gather from my practice. I almost thought of this to be a selfish concept at first until I realized the more grounded and strong I am, the more solid friend I can be thus equalling in greater service to others, instead of being full of insecurities, anxieties, etc. Believe me, I have my days of course, but knowing my role and how it affects the universe make me want to strive for an overall better attitude.  All of these things do not come easily or naturally for me quite honestly, but Kundalini yoga provides me with a vessel that helps me get the state of mind I would like to be in - calm, confident, radiant, and self-accepting. Sidenote: I have taken classes across the country and Crystelle's classes have always been easy for me to attend.  I have a very talkative and inquisitive personality and her style of teaching and acceptance of others makes me feel comfortable and not so much of a "bull in a china shop" so to speak! So, thank you!
<review# 710,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/22/2010,11/5/2010,2,23,8,6,7>Anyone in Nashville who says the Green Hills Mall sucks and is snotty is secretly happy that it exists. If it didn't, I'm certain you would hear much bellyaching about the lack of good shopping here. There's already enough of that, and it seems to be impossible to completely satisfy everyone. Green Hills does not have all the typical "mall stores" and restaurants because all the other malls in the area do! It doesn't matter what time of day you're in Green Hills, traffic is usually gridlocked but I am convinced the city will have to endure this for a while until economic development picks up in the surrouding areas. Do people come here to be seen? I don't really know. Usually I'm there to shop and am not really paying attention to what everyone else is doing. One thing I do know is, the Mall at Green Hills is a boon for the local economy and it's only in the process of getting new and better stores every day. This is the only mall I've ever been to that doesn't have "filler" stores or those annoying kiosk people selling lotion who try to grab you to put lotion on you or clean your ring. The mall is elegant and even those there to window shop can still enjoy browsing. If you're looking for a deal you can probably find one...but maybe not so much if you're too insecure to "be seen" shopping on the sale rack...
<review# 711,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/29/2012,7/5/2012,119,224,8,8,8>Great little place! Fair prices, nice service even when they were SLAMMED. My canoe-mate forgot sunscreen (and I had just pre-lathered up in SPF 1 million, so I didn't have to pack it) and we expected to be ripped off buying it there, but guess what? Only 3 bucks!They were nice and knowledgeable about the river, we asked about a few little places we had a major spill last year and they told us not to worry it had washed away, thanks guys!They had a wide variety of trips for families with kids (2 miles, 1 hour) to longer trips for the more adventure-some. All were priced accordingly. Another bonus, unlike having to pay extra across the street to leave your car keys in a locker, Foggy Bottom has a sign actually begging you to leave your keys behind while they watch them for free. Its the little things people ;) They also sold $2 'redneck dry boxes' aka old deli take out containers! Great idea and I got a good laugh out of it. Cute family environment, lots of kiddo's and a gal at a stand selling treats for a buck. They also have a great friendly cat named Wilma, sold! Foggy Bottom is my new 'go-to' one stop Harpeth shop.
<review# 712,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/24/2012,7/4/2012,98,278,3,4,7>Visited Amerigo today for a business lunch, and I gotta say it's been awhile.I have this preconception that Italian places are all pasta... and trying not to eat the carbs with the cream sauce and the cheese and the bread... (sorry, I digressed a little)... have been sort of avoiding them as a rule of thumb.One of my companions began talking about how terrific their salmon was.  I thought "Salmon?  At Amerigo's?"  But since she raved so much, I decided to try it.  (Oddly, she and the other women at my table did not try it.  Their loss!)The fish was a plump, juicy generous portion grilled nicely and served atop a black bean salsa.  If you're thinking spicy black bean salsa - no, that's not it.  It's a fresh salsa, had corn, onions, cillantro I believe, and a mild vinegarette type base holding it all together.  Quite tasty.  Also served with green beans that were a tiny bit al dente, but I kind of expected that.  Wouldn't you?So yes - salmon at an Italian place.The real award winner was the dessert we all shared - the Pecan Butter Crunch Cake.  Oh my goodness.  I hadn't paid much attention because someone else at the table picked which one we should share while I was distracted.  Sooo good.  It's a cake, but an extremely-moist-almost-to-the-point-of-a-pudding cake.  Lots of nuts, diced up apples that were not tart at all, and a large scoop of vanilla ice cream rounding things out. Really, sooooo good.It's not at all that often that I leave a restaurant (often that my absolute fave stand-bys) and think to myself, "I would order that exact meal again."  But, I would order that exact meal again.  The healthy salmon entree makes you feel slightly less guilty about the dessert, it's a nice combo.The others at my table had good looking salads (I've had those before), and one had a wrap with soup.  Our only (small) complaint from the table was the wrap girl had requested no olives in the sandwich, and it was chock full of olives.  Otherwise, our server was quite good.Their bread is always nice with the infused rosemary and oil for dipping, today was no exception.  We parked on the street right in front of the place... only paid $1 for the meter.  I realize the lot behind would have been free, but when have the chance for a front door parking place, how can you not spring for four quarters?
<review# 713,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/1/2011,7/3/2012,48,118,2,4,4>Busy, for a reason.Sunday, limited space meets popularity. What could have been a miserable experience turned out to be well managed chaos. The staff was great at keeping the masses happy and finding them a place to sit during a very crowded Sunday rush. Once seated the service was quick and friendly. I sampled the meat and three; Pulled pork, squash n cheese, cucumber n onion and turnip greens. It was all good but the pork is the reason for the crowd. Very tender pulled pork that I topped with their hot tomato based sauce. The sauce was slightly sweet as well as spicy, not a fiery spicy but a gradual building heat that is pleasant and won't scare off the meek. There is also a mild sauce for the old women and kids.Long story short ( too late) homey BBQ joint that earns it's popularity with quality. Warning cash or check only! You can use your credit card to pick your teeth afterwards but it will not allow you to dine on swine. (sorry, I couldn't resist)
<review# 714,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/25/2012,7/2/2012,210,147,,6,2>I've spent a lot of time at VCH in the past few months visiting my godson.The hospital is truly designed with kids in mind. All the floors are adorned with bright colors, stars, soft lines, and fun chandeliers. Throughout the halls, you'll often find parents pulling their children around in red wagons. On the first floor, a large train display is a favorite, and interactive during the day. Another favorite is a "wall of butterflies" on the second floor. These butterflies are carved from wood and painted bright colors, designed to recoginze monetary donors to the hospital. The butterflies are attached to large rods, connected to a wheel that kids can turn to make them spin.On the other side of the "wall" sits a mini theatre, complete with stage. Performances are often held to entertain, from puppet shows to music artists. If the kids are unable to make it downstairs for the performance, they can view it in their room on a dedicated TV channel.Okay fashionistas, believe it or not, there's a boutique here that you're gonna love. "The Friends Shop", also on the second floor, is VCH's gift shop. This place has some super cute clothes, bags, shoes - some priced oh-so-fabulously. The only drawback are the hours: Monday through Friday from 0900 until 1700, and on Saturday from 1200 only until 1400 - EEK!Just around the corner from the boutique sits a small food court offering coffee, ice cream, and a few of your typical fast food places.There are sibling playrooms open to kids during the day for those that are not patients at the hospital, and are bored out of their goard.VCH also accepts donations of teddy bears, coloring books, clothes, etc. (all brand new, that is) and occasionally open a "store", allowing patients and their parents a chance to come in and shop.Parking here is a breeze, and free, making my frequent visits easy.
<review# 715,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/2/2012,7/1/2012,888,249,4,6,2>So, I gave PBP&BG a second whirl to check the service.  Omigosh!  It's gotten even worse.  We arrived when it wasn't as packed as usual.  Sat down at 5:45.  We didn't get acknowledged 'til after 6:05.  We finally got to order around 6:30.  Food came out much later, all wrong but fixable.  We walked out the door at 8:00..yes people...that is a 2 hour and 15 minute hamburger experience, and you wander why the waits are 2 hours plus?  So why still four stars?  The burgers have gotten even better (and yes, the pickles have, too).  I dare say, now, it's the best burger in Nashville.  Please, oh please, just improve your sucky service!
<review# 716,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/8/2012,6/30/2012,159,379,5,7,8>Every town deserves to have that small little shop where great-grandfather, grandfather, and father shopped for good snacks. It's a place where I take my kids and their eyes open wide in wonder. This is Nashville's special spot. This place is not nostalgic in the sense that it is decorated to look old. You know how Cracker Barrel works hard at doing fake really well? Well, this place isn't fake. It's the real deal because it's been around for ages. The scales and weights are older than your granny's granny. The candy counter is yummy, but it's the nut counter that blows me away. I love hitting the store when the Redskin Peanuts are fresh out of the oil, salted and resting. I always get an 1/8 of a pound with an 1/8 of a pound of fresh cashews...they mix them on the scale for me and then drop them in the old fashioned "Planters Nut Meats" bag. The hot peanuts warm up the cashews just right! Who knows why, but the nut meats here taste like you always wanted nuts to taste...vibrant flavor, fresh, with the best crunchy texture. Stop in and grab some nuts, a cold co-cola (in the bottle), and enjoy some friendly banter with the clerks and owners.I love this place for the snacks...but even more because I remember the warmth of love and surprise of men that have long been gone.Please, Peanut Shop, don't change a thing.
<review# 717,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/28/2011,6/29/2012,90,83,3,5,4>Quality vs Quantity - the endless debate.  I wish the two would just 'get together' - but, they don't seem to like each other much.  *Sad Face*Some people would prefer a buffet for $15 at Golden Corral because you 'get more' over a $50 meal at some 'fancy' restaurant.What do you get 'more' of, exactly?  That is subjective, I suppose.  To me, I'd rather go some place where I can get better service and a better end product.  But, that is just me.  Everyone is different.  So, at Jeni's - I feel like I get "more" for my money.  I get a high quality product that is unusual and exceptional service.  The people working the counter were so friendly and nice!  Plus, you aren't going to get Riesling Poached Pear sorbet at Dairy Queen.  You won't find Brambleberry Crisp at Baskin-Robbins.  And you certainly won't find Sweet Corn and Black Raspberries in the freezer at Publix or Kroger.  For 4 dollars or so, sure, you might be able to get a half gallon of Vanilla, Moose Tracks or even Neapolitan - and don't get me wrong - I love my freezer ice cream...But seriously - the flavor combinations at Jeni's are out of this world.And - if you are truly just a 'chocolate' or 'vanilla' kinda guy - that's fine too.  They have you covered.  But even those flavors are more intense and richer than the normal run-of-the-mill ice cream.  But you should explore the flavors Jeni's has - they will let you (and encourage you) to have a sample taste of anything you think sounds interesting.  I sampled a lot and some things I liked - others, not so much.  But where can you go and get a quality product that uses the freshest seasonal ingredients available for as little as $3 or $4?  Not dairy queen, not Baskin Robins and certainly not in the grocery.  It is  Fresh, Seasonal, Tasty, and of High Quality.  It's not 'cheap'.  You can certainly get cheaper.  But I doubt you'll get better.  After all, Quantity and Quality rarely go hand in hand.
<review# 718,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/23/2012,6/28/2012,46,758,6,5,4>I have a great deal of respect for Matt L and his Yelp reviews have saved me the bother on several occasions, but I believe he has made a rare error in his criticism of Newk's.  While I won't deny the place has a hipster/douche vibe to it, I found the food to be pretty decent.I ordered the Italian and found it to be good with quite a spicy zing to it.  If you don't like peppers I would recommend avoiding this one, because it is a bit spicier than I think most people would expected.As for the Pizza's, the better half ordered one, and she enjoyed it. Newk's may be a bit on the enthusiastic side with the Roma tomato thing, but all but one clearly labels them as coming on the pizza.Also, they do not offer free WiFi.  I can only assume the Network Admin doesn't know enough about hiding SSIDs which gave him a false hope for some free WiFi.The biggest disappointment of the meal was the brownie that we bought to share. It was bland and unimpressive.  So if you avoid anything at Newks, I'd make it the Brownies.  I certainly plan on coming back again.
<review# 719,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/31/2011,6/27/2012,94,224,5,5,3>Truffle fries.  Say it with me folks: Truffle. Fries.I opted to split the bison burger, the "holiday" salad, and the truffle fries.  Let me tell you, no disappointments here!The burger was perfectly cooked, and the toppings offered just the right amount of mixed texture.  It was like having a gourmet chef make me a burger in my backyard.  The mixture of low-key and high-end taste made me wish I had a bigger stomach.  The salad alone would bring me back to Burger Up because it really was that good.  I just wish they could teach other restaurant chefs how to dress a salad (yes, dress - not DRENCH).The truffle fries get their own paragraph, because they were amazeballs.  Our waiter suggested the honey (dijon?) mustard with the truffle fries, but I opted for a combo of that and the Jack Daniel's maple ketchup.  Yes, you read that right.  Are you in a cab on your way to Burger Up yet??And lastly, the atmosphere was super chill and laid back.  The wait staff was friendly and quick, the decor was really cool and had a great mix of modern, retro, and vintage.  I love that everything is really relaxed and almost picnic bench style seating (although, everyone gets their very own mini bench).I do realize that I paid a fairly high price for a burger, salad and fries (albiet DELICIOUS burger, salad and fries), but I definitely took into consideration the fact that they buy from small, local farmers.  I appreciate supporting the local market, and I certainly felt like the food was up to par with the bill.So, what did we learn today, kiddies?  Thaaat's right.  Truffle fries.
<review# 720,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/3/2011,6/26/2012,6,89,1,9,3>Oh, let me count the ways I love thee!I heard about Athens Family on a Nashville food blog. So of course I turned to my husband and said, "Honey, how would you like to try Greek food?" My husband isn't the world's most adventurous eater, but he usually caters to my whims, so off we went.We were both duly impressed. The calamari appetizer we ordered tasted fresh and crisp while the tomato sauce it was served with gave it just the right zest. I ordered the kotopita, which came in a gigantic portion I ended up halving and taking the rest home. The hubby ordered suzukakia, so I can't comment on that, but mine was delicious. It was creamy, flaky, and utterly divine.Finally, we decided we couldn't go home without some baklava for dessert. I mean, who goes to a Greek restaurant and skips the baklava? Not us! We ordered some to go, and again, no disappointment.Our server Sarah was attentive and friendly, which always makes for a pleasant visit. She was happy to help us choose something off the menu if we needed help (we didn't), and she kept our glasses full.We'll go back to Athens Family again and again. Thanks for such an enjoyable restaurant experience!
<review# 721,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/13/2010,10/13/2010,116,191,,5,3>Utterly fantastic. From the moment we walked in the door, we were treated to one of the best dining experiences I've had in Nashville. I started with the lump crab bisque and my boyfriend had the wild mushroom and goat cheese strudel. Without a doubt, the best bisque I've had...and am a huge fan of crab bisque. I stole a bite of the strudel and it was also very tasty (even though I'm not a mushroom fan). Despite my mushroom issue, I just HAD to try the Steak Diane (and order it as intended, mushrooms and all). Thankfully the tables are spaced apart enough that it wasn't intrusive to any nearby diners as it was prepared table-side.  It was heavenly.  The mushrooms nicely balanced the robust sauce.  The Rack of Lamb looked fantastic and got rave reviews. We rounded out the night with Bananas Foster (also prepared table side) and a small french press of coffee. A fantastic ending to a classic dinner. It is also worth noting that they were out of the wine we ordered and substituted a much costlier wine at no additional charge.
<review# 722,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/2/2008,10/12/2010,30,85,4,4,3>I really liked Flyte A LOT. I've heard many good reviews from all the friends that's been there and despite the high expectations, I must say that this is one of my favorite restaurants in Nashville. The decor of this place isn't too fancy, but it's just right. I really like the decor here. They didn't try to be something they're not, like most of the fancy restaurants in Nashville, but they basically aced it! I don't know what it is, but it's very clean, rustic, southern, and yet classy. Our server wasn't the best, I thought he needed to be at Lime or something. He was trying to be Mr. Hollywood, but his service wasn't so bad where I would take off a star.So, let's get to the niddy griddy. The food is awesome. This place is served in "flytes" First flyte, second flyte, third flyte... you get the idea. it's basically appetizer, main, dessert, etc. The food portion wasn't so small and it was delicious! The also had good selection of wine and all the things I've tried were good. I cannot recall what I had per it was several months ago (I know, I've been really bad with Yelping the places where I've been lately, I'm sorry. =[ ). All I know is that this place really impressed me a lot. This and few other places have become my favorite places to dine in Nashville. Too bad there aren't that many good places like this in Nashville... Trust me, check this place out and you won't be disappointed. Cheers~!
<review# 723,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/5/2010,10/11/2010,26,67,,2,3>i don't generally like live music or rock bands, but exit/in also has electronic shows, so in my months in nashville, i've been here probably six or seven times to see acts like infected mushroom and pretty lights. it's my kind of place. parking isn't bad, i've never had to park more than a block away. the line can get crazy with a sold out show, since there is no line management at all, just a crush to get to the door, where an imposing but easygoing guy will quickly check your i.d. and mark you off for your presale, and you're in. the bar is reasonably priced, and the bartenders are pros, so i've never had that will-i-ever-get-served feeling there. as some have mentioned, the bathrooms are weird. the women's room is up some stairs on the side, very funky, but hey, i don't go out for the bathroom, i go out for the music. someone mentioned having attendants in the bathroom... i have never seen that, and can't imagine where one would stand in that shrinky-dink toilet. the main room is big,  black, plain and simple, just like i like it. there is some seating in the back, and apparently upstairs, where i've never bothered to venture. the stage is big enough for the special effects of a show like pretty lights, or the 20-foot-tall inflatable psycho mushroom the infected mushroom guys use for their shows.  along the wall, just like on the front of the building, is a huge list of all of the incredibly famous and diverse people who have played there. awesome.basically, it's just what you need -- a big dark plain box of a room with good sound and good vibes, so you get get down and dance. like i said, it's my kind of place.
<review# 724,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,10/3/2010,10/10/2010,111,543,2,3,3>If a place get s a lot of hype as a counterculture establishment, it is not. I wish I loved this place.  It has a lot of the right ingredients for my love.  Long hours, coffee that does not suck, the ability to not freeze to death in the winter if you visit, and of course a large upstairs area where I am pretty sure Elvis may live (hey, both Graceland and Cco have roped off areas)I think I've been going there since it was Cafe Elliston, but may have picked it up right at the dawn of Coco.  I've gone numerous times over the years, each time lately I've been wondering what the hype was about.  Every time another experience that left me wondering what was so great about the place that people dragged me back to it.  The food is between ok and good, priced a little high.  The coffee is ok.  I've never really met anyone all that interesting in the crowd although people keep saying it's a counterculture mecca.  Seems slightly more counterculture than Bongo Java which is slightly more counter than Starbucks.  Could just be when I've been there, but usually it's been somewhere around Franklin TN Gothic meets Antioch punk.Parking can be a mess, the outside you can expect to be beset by people asking for money (or at least couple a year or so ago you could - this may be better now) (my group performed there once, while we were doing a quick rehearsal out back we were interrupted by 2 people asking for money).You can expect that if you're hungry or thirsty the line will be out the door, you'll wait in it forever to place your order and then be told by someone else that the back porch was taking orders also.  If you decide, however, to go to the back first, this will not be the case.I have no hate for this place, I respect that it's there, but the love eludes me.  I'll try it again this week and see if perhaps I can locate some love at different hours.  It's nice when you can sit outside, have semi decent food, and listen to someone going on a tilt about a topic they want to argue loudly against an unarmed opponent (been there more than a few times when the place's audio landscape was monopolized by someone wanting to beat their ideas into someone else).Not the fault of the place, but that's the crowd I've seen.  To me it's just a coffee shop that's survived and prospered while shops I liked never took off or tanked for one reason or another.As a note, their deserts are good, let it not be said I do not like them.   They were, at last tasting, quite good.  Their veggie foods, eh...
<review# 725,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/1/2010,10/9/2010,55,201,6,6,7>They've stepped up the service and the price of the pints seems to be slightly lower.  Cheers to that.I will come back every week if Sean continues to play his version of "Sunday Bloody Sunday".  Swoon.
<review# 726,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/29/2009,10/8/2010,627,968,5,8,7>Do you remember back in the day when you went dancing at Johny Jackson's Soul Satisfaction?  You loved the tunes and couldn't stop dancing?Well, looky who the DJ is at Blue Bar!Went to the Blue Bar on Saturday night to check it out since I knew J Jackson was the DJ that night.  Walked into the front door, glimpsed at the pool room, and headed to the back room with the DJ booth, tables, bar, private booth areas, and even what appeared to be a private room.  The place was empty at first but soon picked up and was packed by the time we decided to roll out to the next location.  The drinks were strong which made me happy and the crowd was mostly friendly...except for those two dudes that got in a fight I guess!  And the tunes!  The tunes were jammin...everything from some retro 80s songs to some current R&B/Hip Hop jams.  I danced my ass off for almost the entire hour and a half I was there.  Go here if you want to get your groove on!!
<review# 727,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/24/2010,10/7/2010,81,46,,4,2>The restaurant is yet another reason why i friggin love Yelp! This place is phenomenal and also very personal.  I love restaurants were you feel connected to the food.  The place does it well in two ways. First, many of the ingredients are local and they showcase that very well, example being the cheese plate which i recommend. The second reason is the Open Kitchen. I love to cook and when i go to a restaurant seeing my meal put together i respect it more as an art and not just as nourishment. Couple things to mention is that it's a little tough to find, but it's located ACROSS the street from Rosepepper Cantina and not on the same side.  Also, seating is limited so prepared to wait, or possible call ahead to see what the wait is.  Last thing i want to mention is it's BYOB, which is awesome. A bottle of vino and a nice dining companion would make any meal here a memorable one.
<review# 728,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/11/2009,10/6/2010,9,106,9,11,6>Over ten tacos to choose from, some graced with made-from-scratch pico de gallo, special sauces, marinated escabeche. The Memphis taco predictably includes pork with BBQ sauce & slaw. General Homeboy taco is shrimpy with chili sauce and sliced veggies. Carnitas style pork taco has guac, cojita & more. All are good. Taco Mamacita has other things, most a la carte, but the tacos are what this place is about. Mamacitas has a full bar, with a few good specialty drinks. You can tell them you want to go nasty with a Durty Sanchez which is PBR with tequila.
<review# 729,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/9/2010,10/5/2010,106,374,,6,3>Located in the Gulch but a little bit away from the other Gulch establishments (a few blocks down from Cantina Laredo, Sambuca, Urban Outfitters, etc) this is a great bar to go to if you're looking for the "it" scene.  On weekends it's always packed, sometimes with a wait at the door.  Small place, but has a nice patio and there are garage doors on the front they open when the weather is nice--so you can always feel like you're on a patio!  Love.Whiskey Kitchen has a fabulous selection of--yes--whiskey--but also a decent beer and wine selection as well as other liquors.  I personally like the blackberry whiskey drink on the menu.  Food is better than decent, but if you really are interested in dining there--as in, sitting comfortably at a table--I suggest you get there really early Thurs-Sat.  Like by 7:00.  It starts getting crowded by 8:30 or so.  Great location for a pre-drink if you're heading downtown to a concert or just to the honky tonks.  Close enough to downtown, the Gulch, 12 South, Edgehill Village, and Demonbreun to be a perfect first or last stop for the night.Note--I've seen them have somewhat of a "dress code" before especially for men--sometimes it's not enforced but I've seen them turn guys away for wearing shorts or baseball hats.  Basically if you are going there on a weekend evening, just be prepared!
<review# 730,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/24/2010,10/4/2010,126,270,3,4,4>Three words: Two-Punch-Tuesdays!Sweet Cece's has caused a sensation here in the Hillsboro Village/Vanderbilt area. Not only does it set itself apart from the 4 other fro-yo places in the area but Cece's is all that anyone is talking about.The slate-grey walls with hot pink trim sets the mood for a fun experience. There are 6-8 flavors of nonfat or regular frozen yogurt ranging from regular vanilla and chocolate to cheesecake and orange. The flavors do change periodically. If you think 8 flavors isn't enough, you have to check out the amazing selection of toppings Cece's has assembled! From rotating candy dispensers to a fruit, cookie dough, and sprinkle bar there are hundreds of possible combinations. Funny though, there is only one sized cup for your fro-yo. And take it from me, the pounds add up quick with all of the choices. Take my advice, dispense the fro-yo slowly so you can pile on the toppings!!!! Don't forget to get a punch card! 9 punches and the 10th fro-yo is FREE!
<review# 731,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/25/2012,4/11/2012,38,244,3,9,6>I'm not even sure where to start with the review, as I will probably ramble and rave a bit too much.  Let's just say Olivia at Parlour & Juke gave me the best haircut I've had in my almost 26 years.I got lost on the way, since the salon is tucked away in Cannery Row behind a mysterious door with the number "3" (it almost reminded me of something out of Diagon Alley from Harry Potter!), but happily made it a bit late and was impressed by the beautiful exposed brick and timber loft filled with natural sunlight.  I was greeted warmly by my stylist Olivia, who is pixie-sized but packs a powerful personality.  We discussed what I wanted and as we talked, she just intuitively knew the kind of hairstyle I was looking for without me explicitly telling her.  She asked me questions about my hair and my routine, and we came up with something beautiful and brilliant.  She thought it would be a good idea to play up the natural wave I have in my hair and suggested some products and techniques to coax it out.  I also got some cute, piece-y bangs that compliment and frame my face so well.For a few years now, I've had long, one-length hair that I've always just blow dried and straightened since I didn't know what else to do with it.  Thanks to Olivia, I left the salon looking like my best possible and gorgeous self, my self-esteem boosted phenomenally.  My friends and girlfriend flipped when they saw my new style, too, and I've had a ridiculous number of folks compliment my hair.  The best part about the haircut is that it's still low-maintenance and I don't have to fuss with it too much in the morning, and I'm able to recreate the volume and wave that I had when I left Parlour & Juke.  It's amazing what a genuinely good haircut can do for your well-being, so I highly suggest checking the place out and booking with Olivia if you can.  She's truly an artist and amazing person!
<review# 732,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/18/2012,4/10/2012,85,236,7,7,4>The sign for Kiva is pretty non descript, and it looks like it could be anything from a Mexican restaurant to, well, I guess a hair salon from the outside.  I went in for the blow out special where they have a banner advertising $35 for a shampoo and basic blowouts on  a walk in basis.  This kind of thing is really big in Miami (not that I'm THAT cosmopolitan, but was there recently on a trip and these salons were as popular as manicure joints), but this is the first one I've seen in NashVegas.Getting in on a Saturday was remarkably easy and the receptionist was very sweet.  i was sort of waiting for them to try to up-sell me/convince me that since I have crazy thick hair it wasn't really going to be $35.   While they offered additional flat ironing and circling, it wasn't at all pressure filled and I definitely got my money's worth.  You can get discounts if you book every week for a month but for folks like me who just need their hair to look normal fast and don't want to break their own arm blowing out their hair, this is the place is clean, friendly and a great deal. Especially if you don't tip.  I'm kidding.  I was just trying to see if you were going to read the whole review.  Tip them.
<review# 733,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/11/2011,4/9/2012,29,134,2,5,5>I feel so fortunate to live within easy walking distance of Centennial's Dog Park. There's nothing quite like an off-leash park to really let the pups get their exercise and socialize with other canine friends. Plus, it's so darn cute watching them frolic!I've been coming to this park for 3 or 4 years and it has really improved in that time. There has been a concerted effort to put down wood chips (since the grass just can't keep up with so many rambunctious puppy paws) to keep the area as free of dirt and mud as possible, though of course it does still get dusty and dirty (especially after any kind of rain). There are plenty of benches and tables for those of us not running amok, which is great because this place gets really busy. Would love it if there were more trees to provide shade during the summer months, but I suppose we can't have everything. Also plenty of poop bag stations, though like others have mentioned, people tend to be rather lax about actually making use of them, which is definitely a shame though given the volume of dogs that make use of this area, I'd still say this is a very clean park (and it really feels like a park). Also, the majority of people who bring their dogs here are very friendly and responsible pet owners, so it's a really enjoyable place to bring your dog without having to worry about "playground" bullies.The space is really large which is perfect for letting more rambunctious dogs stretch their legs and work of excess energy. There is a water station as well, which is much needed after exuberant running jags and during the summer months. Given the size, it would be nice if the park had some agility course features like some other dog parks, but maybe simple is better. All in all, a really great place to take your furry friend!
<review# 734,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/19/2011,4/8/2012,55,201,5,10,8>As promised, I made my way back to 308 this past Saturday night.If you happen to make it by for happy hour, they offer 2 for 1 on all mixed up cocktails: whiskey ginger, gin & tonic, vodka & citrus, and rum & cola.  All of which are mixed with house made syrups and sodas. Booze...Glorious....Booze.I also had the pleasure of sampling the grapes of wrath: white whiskey, grapes, finished with an egg white, and the evil dead: rum, pineapple, vanilla, and mint. The folks here know a thing or two about cocktails, I suggest you pay them a visit soon.
<review# 735,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/25/2011,4/7/2012,627,968,6,8,7>DING DING DING DING!  We have a winner as a dive (or divey at least) bar in Green Hills and it is Joe's Place.I won't go about calling out the others that have written reviews here.  Suffice to say it seems they are all pretty old and perhaps had some beef with this place or just don't like dive bars.  I do like dive bars and I'm here to tell you what was good about this place.First off, large bar to your left as soon as you walk in.  Huge U shape so more corners and space to sit around it.  The lady behind the bar was on top of it - she had our drinks coming without having to ask.  And spotted us some cash for the ciggy machine as long as we tipped it back to her on our tip.  Nice!Yes you can smoke 'em if you got 'em.  So if you don't like that I suggest you not even think about coming here.  Apparently they have food but we had already eaten at Nero's and were too full to consider that.  There's darts in the back and a patio in the very back.  There are TVs throughout so you can watch the game.  There's also a stage and when I walked in I saw it, the best thing I've seen in a while.  Yes, it was a lady sitting beside the stage with a computer.  And two microphones and a monitor on stage.  KARAOKE!  Finally, a dive with karaoke!  And do not be scared to sing whatever song you want, curse words and all, because they do not care.  Thank goodness too since Fuck Her Gently is the BF's fave karaoke jam.  The patrons were of all ages - group of frat boy looking types playing darts and getting rowdy, groups of older people listening to karaoke and getting rowdy.  So you will fit in no matter who you are.So others can hate but give Joe's a chance.  Definitely more divey than other places in Green Hills, so come here when you are not feeling the see and be seen places and get down and dirty to some karaoke, some liquor, and some cigarette smoke!
<review# 736,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/14/2011,4/6/2012,15,69,,4,2>Wow wow wow. What a find. First time I drove down to this place it was shut. This time I was lucky. Great tasting food served in more than generous proportions by friendly cheeful people. I can't ask ask for anything more.  If this place was closer to my home, wud have gone once in 10 days for sure. But be here before 7pm.The best food I have eaten in Nashville so far.
<review# 737,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/26/2011,4/5/2012,35,249,4,5,3>The ecstatic proclamations of "oh my gawd" during my meal was enough to rival an all-night love-making session.  The goat saag and lamb chop were buttery, spicy, complex yet alluring, so delicious that it was mind-boggling.  If sexiness is flavor, I found it in these two dishes.  Great service and ambience, too, which rounds off the illuminating experience.  I must say, Bombay Palace transcends Nashville's stereotype and really adds a splash of quirk to the city.  By far the best Indian food I have tasted (which include heavy hitters in San Francisco, Miami, Baltimore, and San Jose).
<review# 738,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/2/2011,4/4/2012,99,250,16,4,3>I have found that most of the places around town that are your normal nail salons are consistent in terms of colors they offer, quality of pedi or mani, etc...  So I have began basing a big part of my assessment on the accouterment they offer in addition.  For example, you don't get the hot towel here but you do get offered a glass of wine.  THis place is quite large with many many chairs so getting a spot is pretty easy but it's not exactly relaxing atmosphere because I feel a bit like I'm in a pedicure factory which is why I give it 4 stars.An important FYI is this!  The massage chairs are just average and the setting the technician puts on for you causes the a massage bar thingy to poke up right in to your nethers every few minutes.  Now, I know some of you might think that should be worth a star or two but I personally think I need more than one glass of wine to be in to that.   Here is how I roll with it.  I change the setting as soon as I sit down, order my glass of wine and scan the room for women who's eyes suddenly widen in alarm as they mouth "oh my...".  Once I got to see a man cough...
<review# 739,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/2/2011,4/3/2012,28,106,2,5,3>Had to post an update after checking out the lunch buffet. Amazing! They had 6-8 entree options (including goat curry and some delicious okra), a simple salad, naan, along with a range of sides and a couple of desserts (carrot halva and warm gulab jamun). All you can eat for around $10 including tax.Definitely make your way over here for lunch!
<review# 740,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/25/2012,4/2/2012,61,236,2,6,4>My 2 check-ins at Mad Donna's will show you my opinion of this place....We went there for a brunch on Saturday and liked it so much that we decided to go back for lunch on Sunday!Saturday & Sunday - 2 for 1 mimosas, all day every day - 2 for 1 mad teas & mad ritas!!!  Such an aweesome deal getting two tasty drinks for $6.  One day, I had The Captain's French Toast, which was french toast dunked in Captain Crunch Crunch Berries!  It was so good.  I also tried the pomegranate mimosa, while my boyfriend had the Chorizo Hash with some other kind of mimosa.  Yum!The next day, I opted for the Breakfast Flatbread (woooah good food!), while Brad chose the Breakfast Burger.  Again, two mimosas (Peach & White Grape), this time followed up by 2 Mad-Ritas (The Pink Cadillac and Mango).Definitely try this place...awesome artwork, good music (Wilco, my boyfriend's favorite), nice people, and delicious food.
<review# 741,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/13/2010,12/17/2010,6,89,1,5,3>Some friends brought me to Amerigo for a birthday lunch recently, and I loved this place! Service was quick and courteous, the food tasted fresh, and the prices were incredibly reasonable. On my first impression, I thought I was underdressed for the seemingly swanky restaurant, but as it turned out, I was just fine. Their lunch menu prices (I had pasta and salad) are on par with one you'd find at Red Lobster or somewhere similar. But Amerigo is nicer, and I can't wait to try it for dinner.
<review# 742,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/6/2010,12/16/2010,57,11,12,4,7>It is no secret that I'm a fan of this place. I've let it be known that if I were to be on death row, or if there were an asteroid of apocalyptic proportions on a collision course with earth (one that Bruce Willis and Aerosmith couldn't save us from), or the zombie hoard was approaching from Atlanta; the hot chicken on a stick, turnip greens, and potato salad would be my choice for a last meal.  I get it HOT. In my mind there is no other way. The cast iron fried chicken would stand to be a top contender on it's own, however the addition of that cayenne based powder of hotness provides a synergy that has no rival. I prefer the spice here to any other hot chicken in Nashville, as it seems to have more breadth of flavor, and isn't just hot.  If you are into fine dining under candlelight this is not your spot, as the digs are humble and utilitarian. If you are not into hot food, this is not your spot, (duh). If you have a large party, this is not your spot. That being said, the staff is always friendly and accommodating (much more than Prince's). If you are on this side of town, I recommend getting the hottest chicken they offer, take it home, get a towel, milk, and real fork, and start the masochistically flavorful ritual that is Nashville Hot Chicken.
<review# 743,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/18/2010,12/15/2010,0,22,3,4,4>Mas tacos is the best taco stand in Nashville.  The food is outstanding, everything is fresh and prepared to order.  I find myself constantly craving these authentic tacos and their fresh squeezed fresca.I had to give it only 4 stars though because it is difficult to find for one, there's no signage and their hours are variable.  The only way to really find out what is going on is to check their twitter page.  Once you find the place though, you won't look for another taco in Nashville.  (and bring cash, no plastic)
<review# 744,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/25/2010,12/14/2010,105,145,3,13,6>The Jewish community day school of Nashville is truly one of the city's gems. Covering grades from k-6, the school encompasses a balance of excellent secular studies and fairly rigorous Judaic studies.Small class size and individual attention has been great for my 5 year old. A combination of 'centers' where a few kids work on the same subject as well as group instruction has not only helped his reading skills, but his interpersonal skills as well.But what really sets this school apart is the fact that it truly is a Community school. The Chabad rabbi sends his kids there and the Reform Rabbis send their kids there. The younger kids all daven together and the older kids can choose between a more liberal or a more traditional service.Last and best is the fact that the kids graduating from Akiva are eagerly snatched up by the prestigious Middle and High Schools in town who recognize the learning skills the kids take with them as well as the knowledge they have gained.For Jewish parents that desire a first class education and want their children to grow up to be imbibed with Jewish values and knowledge, it is a joy to know that Nashville is blessed to have a place this wonderful.
<review# 745,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/24/2010,12/13/2010,1,20,1,12,4>Before I came here, I called to ask to see how much it would cost to get my wool coat sleeves shortened. The lady said it wouldn't be more than $30.I called Stitch-It in Green Hills before I called West End and they told me prices can range anyway between $30-$60 for this alteration. $30 would be the most I would spend on this sort of alteration anyway.I dropped off my coat and picked it up a week later. I was very satisfied with the results and the price, it cost me only $29. The sleeves look like it was never messed with! I will definitely be back to get more things altered.This place doesn't take credit cards so remember to bring your checkbook or cash. It is located on the top floor of the shopping complex.
<review# 746,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/3/2010,12/12/2010,67,461,2,7,3>I think for their location - it is a bit high priced. They are in an office building with thin walls. They should think about dropping the "spa" name at this location because it is far from that.The receptionists answer the phone professionally and everything seems great except going through the office building.My masseuse's technique was great. Started soft and worked their way to my requested massage level. Helps with relaxing and easing into it.Drink before the massage and drink and cake afterwards are nice touches to the whole experience.Prices are competitive with most places around the Music Row area.
<review# 747,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/22/2010,12/11/2010,80,87,3,14,6>This place is a little off the regular path while searching for clothes but is well worth stopping at. Its a small shop but they have tons of super cute things in there (which you can preview on their website). Its a nice little collection of clothes, jewelry, shoes and more. They do get new stuff in daily so its good to check often.It may appear kind of snooty but the girls in there are incredibly nice and can help you put outfits and stuff together if you are fashion challenged like I am!Also, make sure to check out their little accessory section in the corner. They have all kinds of things like spanx and those clip things for your jeans so you can tuck them into your boots without it bunching. Small things, but they can be lifesavers to some people!
<review# 748,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/22/2010,12/10/2010,47,33,3,5,5>3.5 starsgreat decor/vibe inside~ quite spacious. there's a nice bar area and outside seating as well~  easy parking in the back~1. ahi tuna salad- yum! salad has mangos and avocados in it with great dressing. ahi tuna was just perfect! great sauce and presentation2. fish tacos- yum! 2 tacos and some brown rice. rice didn't do much but tacos were great~ 3. shrimp new orleans- this was just okay... nothing special and kind of too sauced out~ lost alot of the true shrimp taste4. crab cakes - yum!! can get it as entree or salad. really really good. recommended!5. spinach dip- good appetizer. good chips: dip: salsa ratio. 6. they have a small beer list and decent wine list~ haven't tried their cocktails ~ easy place to go to just grab a drink. Haven't tried their desert... but heard great things! next time :D and our waitress was the sweetest she could be! really great staff all around :)oyea.. it can get quite crowded so make reservations!
<review# 749,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/22/2010,12/9/2010,52,174,4,8,6>Without a doubt Nashville's best brewery.  Whatever flavor of beer you like, they have something for you.it has been an interesting progression to watch the Yazoo taproom grow from their humble beginnings at Marathon Village to the widely popular establishment that now exists in the Gulch. I have to admit that I stopped going for a while towards the end of their stint at Marathon Village because it was just simply too much hassle... I love a fresh Yazoo straight off the tap as much as the next guy but it was just too much towards the end.I'm happy to report that that the new location is much more adept at handling a large crowd. The lines move more quickly and the location has much more room to handle the increased popularity. The outdoor patio is an added bonus during warmer weather and has a decent view of the downtown skyline.On to the important stuff, the beer. If you love dark beer, the onward stout is an incredible dark beer with lovely hints of espresso flavor. Want something that will split your head open with bitterness? Try any of the iterations of hop project. Want a nice refreshing wheat beer? Try the hefewiezen with its thirst quenching hints of banana and clove.  If you don't fancy any of those try the Dos Perros which is a nice malty Vienna style beer similar to Negra Modello or Dos Equis Amber.  As if that wasn't enough there is still the classic Yazoo Pale Ale which has just enough bitter hops to prime your taste buds but not too much to prevent you from tasting anything for the rest of the day.If you have never been, definitely start off with the sampler.  You'll get to try all their current beers on tap plus you will get a discount on your favorite to take home in a growler.  Once you have had a chance to work up a case a of the munchies be sure to check out the bread and cheese plates from local farms. The spiced pecans are pretty good and even tastier after a few fresh pints. If you are just visiting Nashville, love beer, or just want to enjoy a great pint, this is definitely your spot. Cheers!
<review# 750,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/1/2010,12/8/2010,51,219,,5,4>My 8 year-old little sister wanted to have a tea party, and Scarlett's Garden Tea Room was the perfect place for her first experience. The menu has several options for such a small place with a wide variety of sandwiches and desserts. We called ahead to make sure that they had kid friendly options to find that they'll make just about any sandwich for kids. My little sister had a ham sandwich, that came with chips and tea. My choice was Scarlett's Tea Time, an assortment of tea sandwiches & sweets. There's a long list of loose leaf tea choices. I liked the Crime of Passion flavor so much that I purchased a bag to take home. When ordering tea with your meal, you get a personal tea pot specially made for loose leaf tea. The staff is amazingly sweet, nice and accommodating. We arrived dressed up with hats, and they loved it! They offered to take pictures for my little sister to remember the experience and made sure that we were well taken care of.  My little sister can't wait to go back, and I agree!
<review# 751,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/12/2012,6/25/2012,87,122,,6,3>**This review is for Tavern's brunch only.**My husband and I just moved to the area from San Francisco and were bemoaning our departure from the country's foremost culinary destination, as we love nothing more to go out to eat (particularly for brunch). Having seen delicious-looking photos of Tavern's brunch on a local blog, we made it our first weekend dining destination.The problem with Tavern is that the menu is SO inventive and boasts quite a few dishes that we just didn't know how to choose. I really wanted to try the red velvet waffle with cream cheese drizzle, so even though I ordered huevos rancheros, which was a hearty and massive dish (not to mention, divine) to say the least, the waffle was just $5 and so I ordered one of those as well. The first one came out looking mouthwatering, but the chef apparently didn't think the presentation was up to par, so he sent a second one out! Good thing, too, as my husband and I devoured both.My husband ordered the eggs Benedict, which were some of the best we've ever tasted. Our friend had the Singapore Stir Fry, which wasn't a favorite of any of ours (too heavy on the oil and rice). I would definitely get the Benny, the huevos rancheros and/or the red velvet waffle again, though, and now my big concern is how do I order the next time I visit Tavern...I still really want to try the Kaya toast (coconut jam, Texas toast, fried egg, sweet soy), the pretzel pancakes with white chocolate mousse and dulce de leche, AND the blueberry cornmeal waffle, to name a few. Plus, the libations--red sangria, blood orange mimosa, bellini sparkle--do not look like they suck. Too bad we had to drive afterward!I look forward not only to my next brunch at Tavern, but to trying dinner and happy hour there, too.*One thing to note: It was surprisingly loud in the restaurant given that it was a rainy Saturday morning at 11am. I found this to be the case with the company's other restaurant, Whiskey Kitchen, as well. Just a heads up to those looking for a quiet, intimate brunch.*
<review# 752,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/12/2012,6/24/2012,28,106,,8,3>Whoa! This place is really nice!They have silent reading rooms which are very warmly decorated. Also plenty of open space with tables, individual lamps, and power outlets. They also have study rooms that you can reserve to talk and work with a small group of people. The kids area is really cool. It has a forest theme (fitting, I suppose, with all the books!). It almost looks like a reading museum for kids.It reminds me of a lot of the Silicon Valley public libraries. Definitely check this place out.
<review# 753,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/7/2012,6/23/2012,60,232,4,7,4>I grew tired of hearing myself say, "someday I have to get to Lazzaroli's".  This past Friday I finally made a point to get there...full of expectations and anticipation.  Lazzaroli's totally lived up to everything I'd heard.  What a great place!  I dropped about $80 and that's only because I practiced a pinch of self control.  Holy Kalunga...they carry Benton's Bacon!  (When I got home I yelled upstairs to my husband, "I brought you a present!")Awesome spaghetti with Marinara that night...simple but perfect.  The Shrimp&Lobster Ravioli with Roasted Pepper Cream sauce....heaven.In addition to other varieties, I bought the goat cheese and pear ravioli as well...have to figure out what I want to do with that.  Suggestions welcome.Everything is wonderful, the shop is fun...the owner very helpful.We're sold.
<review# 754,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/13/2012,6/22/2012,50,171,1,6,4>Pitmaster Pat has a thing going on. We're always picking ours up to go so can't really speak to the service. But the drive through was fine. Finally made it out for some whole pulled piggy - definitely a step up from butts and shoulders. The meat was tender, not mushy like Whitt's, BBCutie and Strouds. My pound of meat had plenty of both inside and outside meat with a good bark. Inside meat was very neutral flavorwise, but pleasant none-the-less. It needed the sauce and benefited from Martin's table red sauce, which was a good Middle to West TN style, ketchup, vinegar, and red pepperish sauce. Simple, tasty flavors with jest enough kick. Whoever said Martin's food is too hot "four alarm" spiciness should probably stick to foods that come pureed in a jar. It wasn't boring, but it wasn't gonna light anything up either.Baked beans were terrific loaded with leftover pork, peppers and other goodness. Wish I had ordered another serving.Is Martin's worth the drive... Probably, but not all the time. Still better than 98% of the rest of the Nashville area BBQ options.
<review# 755,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/7/2012,6/21/2012,98,238,,7,6>I finally got around to dropping by this place and taking a look around. While their selection is not all that different from a typical Goodwill or Salvation Army store, they seem to have a more personal feel even have some unexpected items... like computers.While it might not be my first stop as it is somewhat out of the way for me, it is definitely worth checking out when shopping for items typically found in a thrift store.
<review# 756,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/10/2012,6/20/2012,55,242,7,6,2>A few things you need to know about he Rosepepper. 1. The food will not BLOW you away2. It's not the most modern looking decor3. The service will be average at bestOk, now I know some of you are wondering why I gave it 4 stars. Here goes:The food is tasty. If you want fancy Mexican, go to Cantina Laredo. I, for one, am happy to get good chips with 3 salsas, and a damn good chimichanga w/rice and beans  for $7. They also have a delicious fajita salad for the ladies and gents watching their waistline. The margaritas are above average as well. No neon green, ecto HI-C colored mix used in these babies. Fresh lime juice, good tequila, and a healthy pour make for a happy mouth. I feel like Nashville doesn't know a decent margarita. The heartburn inducing, aforementioned mix is the norm, and shouldn't be. It's lazy and disparages the good name of Margarita, wherever she may be. If you care about decor in a Mexican restaurant, I dont think you are Mexican food material. Christmas lights year round, sombrero's and cheap church fellowship hall chairs are the standard set here. Also, the two best Mex places I have ever been to looked like they were selling blow out of the back. Service usually does suck, but just order everything at once and you will be fine. Worth a shot, just follow the guidelines!
<review# 757,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/7/2012,6/19/2012,15,135,,6,4>The Yazoo Brewing Company is a great destination.  They have a nice sized sitting area where you can enjoy any one of their tasty brews.  If you are new to Yazoo, I would recommend trying their sampler.  You get 6 different beers for around $12.00.You can take a tour of the brewery if you're into that stuff.  I wanted to do that, but the group I was with was not interested.  The staff was very nice and attentive and the place was clean.  I'll definitely be returning in the near future.
<review# 758,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/7/2012,6/18/2012,35,199,,7,4>I really like this location of Bricktops.  After my experiences at the location on West End, I was a bit apprehensive, but this one blows it out of the water.  First off, the entire restaurant is very nice.  Yes, it is new, but still very nice.  First visit: I was killing time, so I sat at the bar & ordered a glass of wine.  Great happy hour!  I had finished maybe half of the glass, and noticed there was a fruit fly in it.  Yuck!  I let the bartender know, and he immediately brought me a new glass!  Didn't expect that - very nice.  I also ordered the grilled artichokes which were excellent.  I got great service the entire time!Second visit: met a friend for brunch.  We made a reservation, but since we met at 11 on Sunday we didn't actually need it.  I opted for the ahi tuna burger in lieu of the breakfast/brunch fare.  I really appreciated that the server let me know it typically comes with ponzu slaw & wasabi mayo.  I am one of the few who can't stand wasabi, so I asked for it to be left off.  Nice!  I also went for a side of steamed broccoli instead of the fries.  Hey, I was trying to be good!  The broccoli was seasoned well and cooked nicely.  I really enjoyed the burger with the ponzu slaw & would definitely order it again.  Also - great service this time as well.Will definitely be back soon!
<review# 759,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/10/2012,6/17/2012,15,13,8,8,7>When my husband wanted to have a party bus for his 40th Birthday party, I thought he completely lost his mind.  I have always seen these buses rolling around downtown with a load of inebriated fools and wondered what the attraction was.  It wasn't until I started researching..... man these buses were cool!!  Initially I was most interested in the ice-themed  "Cool Bus" until our party steadily grew bigger and we upgraded to the "Glow Bus".  A bus with bright neon and black lights, full of all of the accoutrements one needs for a night of drinking and partying.  Suddenly, we were the drunken fools riding around downtown yelling "PARTY BUS!"  Wait, what?That's right!  This company knows how to help you get your Party on!  It was such a great time.  Forget that they have a disclaimer that they may not have all of the songs that you would want to hear....they have over 75,000!  And the DJ really knows how to keep your party going!  I cannot imagine what these drivers and DJs have seen while under their employment with FADDs... I do certainly know however that anyone from our party shouldn't be running for a political office anytime soon!The bus itself was a great experience....well decorated, plenty of room to store personal items and it comes with coolers already stocked with ice.  A platform centers the bus for drink central (we had our wonderful friend and drink aficionado bar tend)  He was passing out those French 75s like they were bottles of water!   There was plenty of chairs to sit alongside the bus and the dance floor was adorned with two dance poles that shockingly enough probably have some stories to tell as well.Booking the bus was super easy...the gal that helped arrange this was really friendly, professional and timely with getting back to me.  We initially booked the bus for 3 hours. When we were heading back to our drop off point, my super inebriated husband, who was having the time of his life dancing nearly naked with all of his guy friends around the stripper poles gave a shout out to the driver and DJ for an extra hour....they took the time to verify with ME that it was okay.  I thought that was super cool because that last hour isn't cheap...but It was so worth it!This experience will go down as one of the best, but I've already been forewarned that it will be a few years before we can partay like it's 2012 again!
<review# 760,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/30/2011,6/16/2012,113,78,3,4,4>This place looks like it wouldn't be much on the outside, and it's really tiny, but I really enjoy it.  The employee's are extremely friendly and the food is amazing.  I especially love Taco Tuesdays.  Taco's?  Yes...you heard me right.  Taco's at a Japanese Bistro.  :)  You get a salad, a side (like rice, etc) 2 tacos with AMAZING flavor, and a drink for a really reasonable price.  Big fan.  :)  They also have delish rice bowls, and the chicken teriyaki is pretty good, too.  Check them out!! :)
<review# 761,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/22/2014,7/23/2014,9,14,1,4,3>It's one of my favorite weeks in Nashville - restaurant week!!   Tin Angel is generally on the list of places that I like to try out because everything is creatively done and tastes incredible.  I tried the Wilder salad for the first course,  pork shanks main entrée and the dessert was a sampler from the pastry chef.  The salad was very good although it did have some strong root vegetable added to it that I wasn't a huge fan of.  Once I figured out where it was on the plate, I just avoided that little section.  I like that it was different and creative and not your standard fare salad that you get at every other chain restaurant.  My friend got the deviled eggs, house cured duck prosciutto with house pickles.  I stole one of his deviled eggs while he wasn't looking and it was pretty good but not particularly memorable. The prosciutto and pickles looked great but I was glad I stuck with the salad as my selection.  The pork shanks were great and literally fell right off the bone! It was served with a mushroom risotto with broccoli and carrots.  It was amazing!  My friend got the flounder filet so we tried each other's entrees to get a tasting of both.  The flounder was stuffed with crab and was an tasty combo.  I honestly couldn't decide which was my favorite.  By the time the dessert came along, I was so full I wish I had saved room.  There were three options - none of which I can tell you the exact name of but I can tell you the chocolate one was by far the best.  There was a cannoli that was pretty good and an apple cake that was tasty too.  If you happen to get the same dessert sampler - eat the chocolate one first.  That is a good rule of thumb most of the time.The service was fairly good, especially considering it was packed.  Be sure to make reservations when you go because this is a local hotspot and there is likely going to be a wait.  Tin Angel continues to not disappoint and rate high on my list of places to eat in Nashville.
<review# 762,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/16/2014,7/22/2014,36,212,1,5,1>Our son was in town, and we were walking around Broadway looking for someplace different for dinner.  Merchants looked interesting, so we gave it a try.I was a little disappointed that they were out of my first and second choices of beer.  But my wife and son were very impressed with the mixed drinks they ordered.  They both tried the Mules and thought they were great.  My son and I both had steaks that were perfectly cooked and deliciously seasoned.  My wife had the pulled pork, and we all tried and enjoyed it.  Overall, the food and drinks were outstanding, as was the service.  Our waiter seemed to have a sixth sense in taking care of us.  They probably would have received a four or five star rating if they hadn't turned my $30 tip into a $50 tip.22 April 2014 Follow-up:  After posting my original review of Merchant's, I was contacted by their management, who has investigated the incident, and has deposited the full amount of the tip back into my account.  This has reinforced my belief that all companies have occasional customer service problems, but it is the way that the companies respond to the problems that have the most impact on the customer's opinion.  I've upgraded my rating based on Merchant's response.
<review# 763,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/15/2013,7/21/2014,28,78,3,3,2>Extraordinary cocktails in an enticing atmosphere.This is a perfect place for happy hour (without any price break). If you get here early, around 5:30, you should be able to get a seat at the bar where you can get expert advice on what to order based on your preferences, and then watch as it is created.We came in for a quick drink before heading up to the Catbird Seat. I have tried twice before to come here, but it was at least an hour wait and we had other plans later in the evening so we skipped it. I will make time for this bar from now on. The Romeo and Juliet and the Pimm's Cup were both delicious and refreshing in entirely different ways. Romeo and Juliet was light, herbaceous with citrus, while their Pimm's cup, also gin based, was more fruity, but also had herbal notes.Drinks take awhile to make, but then that is why they don't taste like straight liquor with a swish of juice. And it is entertaining to watch the bartenders pull out droppers of this and that while concocting a perfectly balanced beverage.I do like that the drink menu is arranged by spirit (alcohol) as it is a fairly extensive menu and if you have a favorite liquor, you can concentrate on it. It is hard enough to make a decision.Parking is ridiculous, so go ahead and valet. It is probably easier to Google map the location and then look for the valet than it is to look for the place itself. There is a sign, but it is hard to see doing a drive by, as is the one for the Catbird Seat. The building is dark grey, near the one for Gilda's club and almost to the Musica roundabout.
<review# 764,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/17/2013,7/20/2014,75,18,,5,2>The Grill Shack is doing a soft opening right now so their menu is limited but what they are serving is EXCELLENT. These are the same people that had the Uber Tuber Fries truck. They sold the truck and are now in the same space that Eat Well Market used to inhabit catty corner to the recently shut down Piggly Wiggly on Riverside Dr. Now to the food...they had a ham and cheese, philly cheese steak, and burgers. We ordered the burgers. I got the meat burger and my girl got the veggie burger (homemade by the owner) which consisted of black bean, quinoa, and sweet potato. We split an order of their famous Uber Tuber Fries which should be illegal they are so good. Mine had melted muenster cheese, lettuce, onions, and spicy mustard and was delish! Steve, the owner, gave us some sort of horseradish/ranch dipping sauce for the fries and I wanted to drink it once the fries were gone. The burger was great too. Judging from my wife's silent chowing down on the veggie burger....I knew she liked it. Later she confirmed it verbally too.I am so excited that this place is open as it is close to my house. I look forward to the full menu!
<review# 765,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/4/2013,7/19/2014,6,70,,4,2>6 STARS!!WOWOW! Nashville is so lucky to have Etch join the dining scene! A friend recommended this place to me, and Etch has lived up to every bit of expectation just as described!Location: it is downtown Nashville but they offer complimentary valet parking. Woohoo! Ambience:  modern and trendy with music playing in the back drop.  Plenty of seating but word has gotten around so make sure to call in for reservations in advance.  Also a nice place to spot some big names in the Music City business scene. Service:  outstanding! friendly and professional, ranging from the valet folks to the hostess to the wait staff! Food: a nice variety of dishes that can please both meat eaters and vegetarians alike.  the presentation, portion sizes, quality and flavors are superb, and well worth every penny charged. From appetizers to entrees to their desserts, it was an experience worth repeating verbally to your friends and family alike.    I look forward to all my meals here (so far have been here 4 times - left impressed each time!)
<review# 766,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/14/2014,7/18/2014,79,208,2,3,4>I know this sounds silly, but I totally have a crush on this store. I've only been once but I think about it almost everyday. :) They have the coolest stuff! I had actually just planned to go to the liquor store next door but after I saw Kristina L.'s review I decided I needed to check this place out since it was right next door. I was greeted immediately when I walked in and was asked if I needed help finding anything. Almost immediately all I could think about was what I wanted to buy everybody! This is THE store for gift buying! Everything from cocktail mixer sets, glasses, coasters, candles, bar accessories, novelty napkins, cards, flasks, cute kitchen towels, picnic accessories, etc. Right off the bat I decided I need the Mimosa scented candle and a wine clutch for myself and I will be purchasing them soon! They also have a big variety of "fancy" picnic snacks. Crackers, candy, cheeses, spreads, etc. This store is perfect for loading up on supplies before your next trip to Arrington Vineyard. I noticed a large variety of beers as well but since I'm not really a beer drinker I didn't browse that section too long. Didn't appear to be your "normal" beers like Miller or Bud Light so I'm assuming it's your harder to find, more specialty beers. Like Kristina L. mentioned, they have growlers too, but again, I'm not the best person to tell you about that. Like them on Facebook and you will be informed of the  special tastings they offer. I seriously can't wait to go back!
<review# 767,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/14/2014,7/17/2014,29,125,,6,2>I love, love, love Two Ten Jack. I think it's a great restaurant and I am so excited that it is here in Nashville. I've been to Two Ten Jack two times now. The first visit was the first weekend that they were using their own menu and the second visit was this week.  When we visited the first time the waitress explained that the idea of the restaurant was to be a neighborhood pub where locals come for a drink and end up just staying to continue eating and drinking. We were obviously eager to try this method out and asked how the menu worked if we wanted to do the "authentic" meal. Basically you start with beer and an appetizer. Then you move to sake and sushi or a salad, followed by cocktails and skewers of meat, and finished with the ramen. It took us a couple of hours to do get through all of this but we had a blast. I suppose that you could go to any bar in Nashville and stay all night throwing back beers and eating bar food but what sets Two Ten Jack apart is the food is actually really good. I'm a big Japanese pickle fan so you know that I ordered those. They were excellent, not at all like the kind you get in sushi restaurant that I just assume come from a jar. These were just better: crunchy, fresh, and unique. We've had a bunch of the small plates (poke, shishito peppers, pork gyoza, JFC, short ribs, potato fries, and takoyaki). They are all very good. My husband liked the peppers but we both really enjoyed the JFC and short ribs. We've had all of the specialty sashimi. Our favorite by far is the miso-cured saba, which is mackerel. Omgawd, y'all it is like butter. I've never had mackerel like that before. The other options are unique. The pastrami has a mustard seed crunch to it. The tataki is very good but I didn't think the provided sake added much. The yellowtail is flavorful but the cilantro was overpowering. We've had a bunch of the sashimi and it was all fresh and tasty, definitely worth checking out if you are desperately searching for better sushi in Nashville. The only salad that I've had is the seaweed salad and it was really good. It was very different from the kind that is normally served in Nashville. I apologize but I don't remember the skewers that we've tried. They were good but obviously not as memorable for me as the sushi and small plates. What was definitely memorable was the ramen. We ordered bowls of the pork and I can't even begin to describe how good it was. The ramen was the reason we went back this week. They were out of the pork, so we ordered the chicken. It was good. The chicken was in a meatball, which I didn't care for. The broth had a very intense chicken flavor, which was very good but also spicy and not in a way that improved the flavor, in just a spicy way. I'm not a spicy fan, so this was a little disappointing. I still gobbled it up but I wouldn't order it again. In case you haven't picked up on this, eating here can be a lot of food. I would definitely suggest trying a lot and bringing people so that you can split the plates. You can't take the ramen home with you if you don't finish it. The first time we each got our own bowl. The last time my husband and I split a bowl and this was a lot better. If you are just eating ramen the one bowl per person is appropriate. I was surprisingly not hung over after our first visit. I was kind of worried about it after I realized that I had mixed all different kinds of booze. I could have been lucky so you might want to keep that in mind. Also, if you are doing to do the full menu + drinks, you're going to need a cab home.  **The only hitch at the moment is that they have not gotten a bunch of their Japanese liquors. The beer and sake section is particularly affected by this. In my world, that just means we have to come back when they get their supply issues resolve, which is certainly not a problem for us!
<review# 768,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/9/2014,7/16/2014,90,129,3,5,4>To celebrate my birthday, we went to Silo.  We started with the chicken liver mousse, deviled eggs, and a Brussels sprout dish that would've knocked my socks off had I been wearing any.  All three of use loved the chicken liver mousse as well.  What's not to love with velvety smooth liver spread on toast points?  The deviled eggs, while tasty, were not anything over-the-top to any of us.  They were good, but nothing special.For entrées, I had the Fudge Farm pork chop.  It was the single biggest pork chop I've ever had.  It was tender, juicy and so flavorful.  It was lunch for the next two days as well.  My husband had the hanger steak and it was cooked to perfection; however, it was my least favorite of three entrées at the table.  My beautiful mother had the chicken confit.  I must say it was my favorite of the evening.  Two large dark quarters prepared magnificently and decadently succulent.  She too had plenty of leftovers - enough to feed her and my grandmother the next day.  For sides (because after three appetizers and three large entrées we weren't sure we'd have enough food) we selected the cast iron scallion/jalapeno cornbread and the Jasmine dirty rice with Tasso and the trinity.  The cornbread was good, but like the deviled eggs, to we three it was not as fabulous as the other items (namely those scrumptious Brussels sprouts!).  We all enjoyed the dirty rice - including my mother who is not a fan of Tasso.  It was flavorful but also very different than what I grew up eating prepared by my Cajun grandmother.For dessert we shared the Pot de crème with salted caramel sauce and caramel-bacon popcorn.  When it was first presented to us in its glass jar, we didn't think there'd be enough for us all.  Considering the amount of food we had just consumed we were pleased that it did indeed satisfy all of our cravings for sweets.The ambience was nice and we loved the look of the bar.  Our server, Patrick, was great at walking us through, answering questions and the like.  He was attentive, but not the least over-bearing - allowing us to move at a leisurely pace as we ate our way from course to course. All three of us agreed that we would be back.
<review# 769,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/22/2014,7/15/2014,220,423,5,5,2>Sweet sweet restaurant week. You are such a danger to the comfort level of my pants, but damnit I never can say no to it...Stopped in for dinner and despite having a completely packed parking lot, the tables were not full so we were able to sit in the dining room. Sweet. We ordered some wine and my BF had the "Sideways" Wine Flyte with a selection of pinots. Delicious. I had a lovely glass of Cabernet Franc. I swear we get the same waiter every time, Todd, and he's exceptional. He knows the menu and checks up on you. Perfect.For the restaurant week menu, we mixed it up and each ordered something different. Starters were sunchokes and a soup, then we ordered the cauliflower and roasted chicken for entrees. For anyone who doesn't know, a sunchoke is more like a root less like an artichoke. I was confused by that but am happy to report that I adored my sunchoke appetizer. Hey, you are delicious! The butternut squash soup was pretty good, but mine was much better. The cauliflower dish was out of this world with brussel sprouts, shaved cheese, and breadcrumbs. I'm really digging Nashville chef's love affair with cauliflower. Who knew it could taste that good? My chicken was tasty, but I definitely tried to steal more bites of the cauliflower. Dessert was a chocolate panna cotta with some graham cracker type crumbles and an ice creamish substance on top... holy moley... it was amazing. Our meal wasn't exactly cheap due to the wine add ons, but we still got all that food and drinks for about $55/per person with tip. You know, not too bad. Flyte didn't let me down. Per usual.
<review# 770,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/28/2014,7/14/2014,282,158,2,4,2>Having experienced both the "hot" and the "cold" of Hot & Cold, I feel I now have the proper insight to review. Both at night and on weekday mornings, I've found H&C to have ample seating and a super friendly, knowledgeable staff. The cold: If, like me, you have daily cravings for Jeni's  and Las Paletas but live much closer to Hillsboro Village than 12 South, you're in luck. Hot & Cold features both. The dude behind the counter suggested the creamy frozen *avocado* paleta (it's a popsicle. cuban style.) in Olive & Sinclair chocolate and it was a.maze.ing. Do it.The hot: While I loved my cortado at Fido next door, the almond milk cortado at H&C was just okay. The barista admitted, however, that he was new to the art of almond milk espresso drink-crafting, so it may have just been a fluke. Either way, they have a great selection of drinks and, like Fido, use Bongo Java. I really want to return to try the "Bongoleta" - a shot of espresso plus a mini paleta. I mean, who needs milk and sugar when you have a freaking creamy popsicle?
<review# 771,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/28/2010,10/3/2010,105,230,2,3,5>I am NOT the girl to give in to the temptation of sweets and other delectable delights. So, the fact that I jumped on the popsicle bandwagon is HUGE. Here's the deal, Las Paletas popsicles are made with all natural ingredients and much of them are local products. I am all over supporting something like that. There are a ton of kooky flavor combinations to choose from so there are endless opportunities for your taste buds to explore. I settled on an avocado popsicle made with coconut milk. Mmm. It was SO good. Creamy, sweet, and so not what anyone would guess an avocado popsicle would taste like. I'll be back to give some of the other funky flavors a whirl.
<review# 772,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/24/2010,10/2/2010,49,147,3,4,3>my name is eric burgos, and i like burgers.so i'd wanted to check this place out for some time; i mean, it seems promising, right? burgers (yessss) and well done ones, at that. i tried to eat here numerous times but the combination of small space, 12south neighborhood, and the "newness" factor formed a trident that pierced right through my impatient heart (and stomach); the wait was always too long for me so i didn't get to indulge the first two or three times i came by. well... tonight was my night!walked through the door and my friend and i were immediately seated. seating is... a little cozy, you're never too far away from a conversation that has precisely zero to do with you. usually i'm not into that sort of thing, but it was ok here, somehow. started off with the (yazoo) beer battered cremini mushrooms and they were quite good. great way to spend six little bucks in my estimation.i had a triple l classic, but added white cheddar and a bit of (benton's) bacon. it seems i ordered a woodstock, pretty much, but no matter. my friend told me they tend to overcook the burgers, so keeping that in mind i ordered my burger medium rare. i don't normally order that rare, but drastic times call for drastic orders. allow me to derail the beef train right here and talk about the service. we put our appetizer order in as soon as ol' buddy came by to drink order and we didn't see him again until said mushrooms came out. thankfully, they left a carafe/glass milk jug of iced water at our table as i did have to fill my own cup. i drink a fair amount of water when i eat, so i liked that i could sort out my own drink without having to wait on our server as he was either slow/new, or getting annihilated. after getting our appetizer we put in our order. our burgers came out, sandwich on a plate with a stainless steel cup of fries. if you must know, i got the truffled fries and them shits was hooood. the burger was cooked more than medium rare, closer to medium well than anything going by color. somehow, though, i was getting pink drippings from the patty and it certainly wasn't dry. the burger was MUCH more filling than i would have imagined it would have been, perhaps the fries had something to do with that.the burger fiend in me has absolutely no problem recommending this place to anyone that's read this far. perhaps your service will be better than mine was tonight, as that was really the only "negative" thing that i can say, but that's making it sound worse than it really was. enjoy!eric b
<review# 773,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/25/2010,10/1/2010,217,312,8,7,6>Marche is like Margot's casual cousin.But one of many good things I can say about Marche is that it lacks the mincing, inattentive jackhole servers that infest Margot.  They are a great place to hit for lunch or brunch, I believe they recently started serving dinner on certain nights.  They have a compact but well-thought-out menu that changes frequently.  I've been very impressed with their soups as well.  They also go for the whole localvore movement, so most of the ingredients come from the area.Last time I went to meet my wife for lunch, I had an Italian sandwich which was on a fresh roll. The real winner was the tomato that was on the sandwich.  It was as big around as my face and clearly homegrown.  A nice, generous, beefy steak-cut of a slice that I considered leaving my wife for.  As for her, she had some sort of roasted eggplant sammich that had pesto and was to die for.  She as well confessed thoughts of infidelity upon ingestion.  Nice to have vegetarian options that are not total culinary crap, like say at 'The Wild Cow' (couldn't resist a jab).For dessert she got the Peach Yogurt cake, which sounds disgusting to me, but was actually quite delicious.  The peaches were clearly fresh and could not have ended up in a better situation.Our server was sweet and personable, and very frank about her thoughts on menu items.  I love it when a server can speak with honesty, intelligence and experience to help guide a selection, rather than push whatever the kitchen needs to get rid of.They also have a small market of fancy foods/ local products, which is nice, but certainly no deals (I think they sell Benton's for twice what you can get it for directly from the source).  A nice touch, but better for browsing than purchase.  Parking is also great.
<review# 774,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,9/11/2010,9/29/2010,26,485,4,4,3>This is the kind of place that has the look I wish there were more of in Nashville.  This is a lot more of what a diner feels like, not the endless stretch of meat and threes that go on to the horizon.It has an attractive counter, complete with shake mixers and soda handles.  It's menu is limited but what you'd expect from a place like that, with a southern twist.  The dessert menu consists of ice cream desserts and pies.My main issue is that it seemed expensive for a little lunch counter.  I ordered a milkshake (awesome) and a hot dog (not very good), and got charged $7 after tax.  That's outrageous.Go there to grab a dessert, but the prices don't justify the cost of a full meal.
<review# 775,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/1/2010,9/28/2010,194,461,4,4,3>Go Arnold!!!!!   (I know you called it a Mom and Pop shop but it's not, sorry)Favorite cheap eats in the Nash.  The brown chili fried rice with an egg sunnyside up on top is killer.  I freaking love it.  I also freaking love everything I have eaten on the menu.  Bacon crab wontons, red curry queso with wontons,  BBQ pork bao buns, shu mai, coconut thai chili wings, etc.  I can't rave enough about this place.  The atmosphere is fun and funky for tapas and usually packed with women, I know, odd.  I also LOVE the cocktails; fun, fresh, Asian, delights.  After you are done with your dinner head over to Tribe and catch the latest videos!  The bartenders there are awesome!
<review# 776,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/19/2009,9/27/2010,107,187,8,9,7>This place makes me want to tighten my corset, cock my head, batt my eyelashes and say -"Oh, why thank ya kind sir!"There ain't no doubt that this an absolute unique experience.  This is not the place to just stop by to have a drink.  These are unique cocktails that are made to order.  The bartenders are in 1800s garb.  They use authentic, turn-of-the-century ingredients like bitters and cola.  Ice comes in blocks, not cubes.  You come here, patiently wait for a seat, order a drink you have only heard of from your great grand dad, and then flourish in great conversation.A wonderful, unique experience in Nashville.
<review# 777,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/30/2013,2/11/2014,42,49,5,14,7>First let me say that I must respectfully disagree with the naysayers on here. Perhaps you went on an odd night or perhaps this was simply not your cup of tea. On the occasions I have been there I have been impressed and very pleased with the food, the service, and the experience as a whole. To me it is an amazing value given the variety and quality. I enjoyed the rattlesnake sausage and the wild boar. There was a great pork tenderloin and an incredible ribeye. Now the sirloin was not the best but when is sirloin the best? The house special sweet and spicy chicken was awesome as was the fish that I had. I will grant that the salad bar is not outstanding but it is fine given the fact that this place is a carnivore's palace.I was just there this past Friday and I was more than pleased. The servers work as a team and the management is on point as well. I would recommend this place to anyone. Reviews are opinions and we know what they are compared to. Go out and try it for yourself and let us know what you think and feel!
<review# 778,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/16/2014,2/10/2014,13,100,2,7,4>I was tenuous about our relationship at first, but Dose has worked its way into my heart and earned its place as my go-to coffee shop.Why? Dose clearly cares about serving high quality foods and beverages. They make their syrups and chai concentrate in house -- you can see the actual vanilla bean resting in the vanilla syrup on the shelf! They sell Counter Culture coffee and Askinosie small batch bean-to-bar chocolate. They carry almond milk (the superior milk alternative). They'll brew you an individual cup of coffee with your roast of choice. They feature a generous selection of house-made pastries and each one is extremely tasty. Some are even gluten-free!What really pleases me about Dose is that the staff manages to make quality their priority without being douches about it. No one ever makes me feel like I don't know enough about coffee, or that I'm ridiculous for asking for an extravagant amount of almond milk in my cup. Honestly, I almost always order like I'm Meg Ryan in "When Harry Met Sally" (minus the orgasm), and no one even so much as blinks. In fact, they often act as if my special requests are *good* ideas.The atmosphere can be a bit sterile, and the prices a bit high. But hey, high quality ingredients cost money. And while the breakfast/lunch options are innovative and tasty, the sandwiches are always dry. Seriously, I go to special lengths to order some kind of mayonnaise on every sandwich I buy, and that's often not enough to combat the dryness. If you're reading this, Dose, you guys should work on that... Still, these flaws are minor, and I honestly can't think of a coffee shop in Nashville that I'd prefer to frequent.
<review# 779,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/15/2014,2/9/2014,107,182,4,12,7>BEST BUFFET IN TOWN!!!This is the best place to go for your indian fix. I don't have too much to say about Woodlands other than It is consistently delicious, the service is prompt, it is affordable, you can bring your own alcohol, and I have never had to wait for a table even when it is full. Could you ask for anything better?This is my #1 weekend splurge plan. I love to eat myself silly at the buffet then go home and take a nap to help digest. Days off like that are rare but when they happen, they make life worth living.
<review# 780,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/1/2013,2/8/2014,120,286,1,9,4>An excellent new Greekish food place in Maryland Farms. The Gyro sandwich is fantastic. The meat is rotisserie, which is important to me, and the tzatziki is excellent as well as the added bonus of shredded Feta cheese. The pita was grilled to perfection and the sides offered are rice, tabouleh, or greek salad with a drink for $7.28. You get 5% off for using cash. I look forward to trying their other offerings soon!
<review# 781,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/30/2013,2/7/2014,90,83,2,10,6>The best things in life happen by accident.  I am convinced of that.  One of my favorite places, Bricktop's, was discovered after having a horrible experience at Rumba across the street.  In short - I was at Rumba for 45 minutes at the table with friends and couldn't get so much as a glass of water in that time.  So, we left and walked right across the street to Bricktop's and the rest is history.  Last night I went to Tenn-Sixteen by accident.  Not like the 'oops, I fell into your restaurant' accident.  But, by poor planning on my part accident.  If you read have read my reviews before - you know that one tuesday nights a group of my friends and I go out to eat together.  Its our little dinner club.  We vote on where to go ahead of time and then meet there at the designated time and place.  This week we picked 'Five Points Pizza'.  Little did we know that it was closed on Tuesdays and only on Tuesdays.  Whoops!  Never thought it would be closed on a Tuesday.  Whatever.  So, we decided to go next door to Tenn-Sixteen.  It looked nice inside and they were fairly slow so getting a table wasn't an issue and we were quickly seated.The server was great and kept up with our refills and making sure we had everything we needed.  He even accommodated special requests.  Like, they had a soup special on the menu board on the street for a bowl of 'Beer Cheese Soup'.   Me, being from Kentucky and a lover of Kentucky Beer Cheese - I had to try it.  But, I didn't want a whole bowl.  A cup would do I thought.  So, I asked if I could get a cup instead of a bowl.  The server said no problem.For dinner - I was torn between the hot chicken and the chicken and waffles.  So, I asked if maybe I could get the hot chicken on the waffle.  Again, no problem.  The Hot Chicken was as good as I have had anywhere honestly.  It was hot - but hot with flavor - not just hot for the sake of being hot.  It was very, very good.  But, I paid the price this morning when I went to the restroom.  Whoooooo...it lit me up!  In all - the food was really good, the service was excellent and the pricing was right.  I can't think of anything they could do any better which is why they get 5 stars from me.  Way to go guys...Can't wait to come back.  It was one of the better food experiences I have had recently - and it happened completely by accident.
<review# 782,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/5/2014,2/6/2014,23,71,8,10,7>This isn't Nashville hot chicken.Did we tell you it isn't hot chicken? It isn't. Guess what? No one ever said it was! If you made that mistake that's on you, bub! It IS some tasty, spicy, crispy fried chicken that's moist on the inside. Served into an environment that doesn't look like the ghetto crapped all over it, and probably never got a health department inspection in the 50's (see: other Nashville hot chicken shack)Plenty of seating. Beer. (Even 40 ouncers!) Friendly staff that doesn't act like you're bothering them.  What's not to love? Don't pay extra for mac n cheese though. Not worth it. DO get the fried pickle spears. Worth it.
<review# 783,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/24/2014,2/5/2014,43,108,2,9,5>This is a great gay bar with friendly staff & talented performers. It's always a good time at PLAY. The drag shows are always entertaining, even if I've seen the number before. The bar consists of a large area with the stage, the main bar is also located here. Men & women bathrooms are located towards the back of the building, along with the outdoor smoking area. One great thing about PLAY is that it's smoke free. I have no issue with smokers, I just hate coming home & everything smells like a Turkish Royal. Behind the main bar is the huge dance floor area & a satellite bar that is open when it's busy. The DJ always plays the right music (stuff I can "dance" to) & there's plenty of laser & strobe lights to put someone into an epileptic shock. The drag shows are 11 & 1 on Friday, 9:30, 11 & 1 on Saturday. Sunday has an amateur cast, but they're amazing as well. If you sign up for text alerts, you can get in free some Fridays with proof of the text from 9-10pm. That will save you ten bucks that you can use to buy (1) drink. Cover is free on Sundays unless they have something special going on. My only complaint with PLAY is that the drinks are soooo small. A little plastic cup will cost you a few dollars more than the large, regular sized glasses they serve you next door at TRIBE. My suggestion is to have a few drinks at TRIBE, then head over to PLAY. Remember to bring dollars for the on stage entertainment.
<review# 784,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/5/2013,2/4/2014,10,306,,11,5>Do you love spicy, flavorful food? Get thee to Taj!Note that 'spicy' does not mean 'painful'. Beyond the machismo value of proving your ability to endure pain, I've never understood Nashville's fondness for Hot Chicken. I mean, if you want to set your mouth on fire, why not just skip the bird, bite down on a ghost pepper and then go jump in Old Hickory Lake to cool down?I jest. (Slightly.)So yeah, there's some heat on the Taj buffet. But it is *balanced* heat. It has texture, subtlety and nuance. You take a bite and get layers of flavors. Instead of a one-note blast, your taste buds enjoy a harmonious symphony.Too poetic?OK, how about this: Taj has delicious, authentic Indian food at a great price -- particularly on the lunchtime buffet that lets you sample around ~20 dishes for ~$10.Match that with a comfortable clean dining room and friendly, professional service, and you've got a real winner.This is exactly the type of restaurant that Nashville needed. We're lucky to have it.PS - Per the almighty Internet, "Taj" is "a crown by an Indian prince of high rank". It's an appropriate name, because you can truly feast like royalty at the Taj buffet!
<review# 785,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/10/2014,2/3/2014,14,53,,10,6>This place is divine! Definitely worth the visit to a new place in a great location.I had the beef cheeks served over horseradish risotto and they were to die for. Similar to the consistency of short ribs but more flavorful and basically melt in your mouth. Not fatty at all, just very tender. I also had a tequila drink of theirs which was very good - I opted to have it over ice. Two others at the table got the steak and fries and said it was one of the best steaks they'd ever had. For appetizers we got the beef tongue (noticing a trend?) pretzel rolls, clams casino, and the cheese plate. All were very good - the beef tongue was amazing. The cheese plate, while relatively small, was noticeably interesting (read: delicious). I feel like typically by the end of the meal this would be the appetizer you forget about but it was not so here - they had some very interesting cheeses I had never had anything like before, the coffee grounds encrusted cheese being my favorite.OH and I almost forgot, probably the best brussel sprouts I have ever had were here. It was as though they had injected each one individually with the dressing they were served in. The atmosphere is lovely, the service was great, the food was fantastic.
<review# 786,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/10/2013,2/2/2014,86,52,2,8,6>over all i give them 5 stars for doing something different in our city.I'm gonna start by telling you that i ordered everything on the menu, all 15 courses.Im going to highlight on the Best ones. First of all, there are lots of people doing deviled eggs these days.. and these guys take it to the top and did tiny little delicate deviled quail eggs with truffle oil.Its Amazing, very different. I noticed a bad review of Tomato Gelee and I admit it was amazing and different, and it shouldn't have gotten a bad review. It is definitely unlike any other dish I've had in other restaurants.The Pepita Butter was amazing.The Faux Bone marrow is extremely unique dish. One of my favorite was the Pork belly rillons were just perfect! Amazing! my 2nd favorite was the Potato Gnocchi with scallops totally amazing Dish! The only negative thing i could say to the restaurant are things that they have to work out because they are so new. For example they don't have a fully developed wine list yet, the wait staff is not educated in wines, for example they couldn't tell me where their bottle of wines came from? from which country? and I had to get the Manager to ensure that I have a french bottle of wine. The seating and tables aren't fancy they are just normal of course this place has to start making some money before they could do these kind of things. but as far as judging them in their product, on their food you can really tell that thats where their time and attention has been going. their food truly is different and amazing and deserves a five star review,
<review# 787,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/6/2010,1/29/2011,58,100,4,5,3>This place was great! We came here for dinner as recommended by Marcia M. And we weren't disappointed. We started with a "weekly special" of avocado salsa and chips. I thought the salsa was okay, but as David G. mentions in his review, the chips are bad. They must have been store bought; and they just didn't live up to my expectations. I ordered the shrimp and grits for dinner and it was very good. Now, they weren't like most shrimp and grits dishes - there was no tasso gravy, mushrooms, onions, etc. It was literally shrimp and grits. The Parmesan grits tasted very good, albeit a little heavy and more dense then I'm used to. But that's most likely due to the cheese they've selected to use. The shrimp had a great flavor as well. I have a strict rule: if a flourless chocolate cake is offered on the menu then I must order it. Rumour's had two torte's on the menu: chocolate and chocolate almond. I had the chocolate almond and it was good. It was not as moist as I'm used to, but it still was good. Next time I'll probably order the plain chocolate torte with the hopes that it's more moist. We did order and enjoy a cheap Spanish wine. I don't have a sophisticated wine palate, so I stick with the less expensive options!The service was amazing and the ambiance was stellar.Overall, I can't wait to go back!
<review# 788,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/11/2010,1/28/2011,98,238,1,8,6>I love this place. As a Nashville Otaku and geek this place is full of wonders and items that normally I would have to order online from Japan or the far reaches of the United States, possibly even e-bay.Now I can just go here and see if they have what they I am looking for. Admittedly though, since the floods and me starting to spend my days out in Cool Springs it has been a while since I was able to go visit Happy Japan.However, are if you are looking for a variety of anime related merchandise, especially Studio Ghibli this is the place to go. They also have a variety of Japanese candies and snacks, as well as small stuff to use throughout your house. Then there is their wide selection of bento bento boxes, sushi gear and related items. Once I get a job, I know where I will be going to take classes in sushi making (they even offer classes on how to make sushi and a few other things) and to get my lunch box (bento box) to take to work with me each day.If parking in-front is full, go down the gravel slope (to the left of Happy Japan) to park in back.You can also find them setting up booths at local and regional anime conventions, cultural festivals and even the Nashville Cherry Blossom Festival.
<review# 789,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,11/30/2010,1/27/2011,43,59,3,3,3>Koi had been on my list of places to try for some time.  I went hungry yesterday, the Monday after Thanksgiving, at about 1:30 in the afternoon.  For buffet purposes, you pretty much never want to go late in the lunch or dinner hour, since that's a good way to get food that's been sitting out a while.  Still, the mood struck, so I decided to go for it.  I was overall pleasantly surprised.I've been to a lot of Asian/Chinese buffets.  Koi compares pretty favorably.  As buffets go, I would probably give it 4 stars; I think it's actually better than average.  However, I can't reasonably put a buffet joint above real restaurants, so I'm sticking with my 3.A note first about the decor and ambiance:  it's actually pretty nice.  The area is spacious, there's lots of seating, and the buffet is actually separated into two completely distinct sections -- one for the warm Chinese food and the other for the sushi.  It was also reasonably clean.  Speaking of cleanliness, I will pick on one thing:  I ordered a diet coke, and there was a thin film atop it.  It could have been residual soap, or (more likely) the cup got washed along with all the other dishes and not all the oil got off.  This doesn't bug me *too* much -- Chinese buffet food is among the oilest substances known on earth.  I mean, you could liquidate the stuff and put Exxon out of business.  So I didn't spazz over this.Knowing that I'd write a Yelp review, I made sure to try about 20 or so things.  Let me start off by saying that the Chinese side is fairly "meh."  It isn't bad by any means, but it *is* pretty standard buffet food.  One good thing I'll say is that you don't see them trying to skimp on the meat.  Even at the late hour, all of the trays had plenty of food.  Another positive I'll add is that the beef quality was pretty good.  Too often when it comes to buffet food, you'll get beef that's tough or stringy.  Koi's was better than most.  I'll spare you a detailed review of all the items on the buffet, only because no one thing stood out as particularly amazing or particularly bad.  My advice would be sample everything that looks appealing.Where I think it shined was the sushi.  For under $8, this is (for me, at least) an all-you-can-eat sushi place.  The quality beats Ru San's hands-down.  The spicy tuna rolls, tuna rolls, spicy salmon rolls, crunchy shrimp rolls, and a few others were all pretty decent.  The fish was fresh enough, and the rolls were reasonably well constructed.  The rolls that contained imitation crab meat weren't half bad either.  As you might expect, the nigiri won't stack up compared to what you'd get at a dedicated, non-buffet sushi restaurant.  The piece of tuna I ate was somewhat small (not a big deal when it's all-you-can-eat), but also wasn't the moist, melt-in-your-mouth taste and texture that nigiri lovers adore.  I mostly stuck to the rolls as a result, and this was a good call.I'm glad I went to Koi.  Since it's just a couple miles from me, the next time I have a big appetite in the afternoon and am feeling the sushi craving, I'll be sure to go.  Given the choice between Koi and Taki (the dedicated Japanese/sushi restaurant down the road next to the interstate), I'm pretty sold on Koi.
<review# 790,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/29/2010,1/26/2011,85,236,5,8,2>Having lived in NashVegas for going on 8 years, I can say Flyte is really as good as it gets - and not just for our neck of the woods where grits and all fried fish prevail.  We were back about 2 weeks ago and got to meet the new, new chef Ashley who we hope they have nailed to the kitchen floor.  The menu, as always, was 'eclectic'  so we turned it over to the staff to help us.  Our server rolled up with an poached egg as an appetizer so expectations were low.  I mean, I could have done that at home, no?  No, actually I couldn't have.  It was the most crazy good poached egg ever.  There would be a massive slaughter of chickens if all eggs tasted this good.  I thought he was missing the mark with his choice of lamb for an entree as I am not a huge lamb eater.  The entree was just redonculously good.  It was topped with this tiny tender meat slivers that were to die for.  I reluctantly asked what it was thinking it was baby kitten chosen at some perfect age for maximal squishiness, but it was another lamb cut and absolutely the single best plate of food I have ever had in my life.  I have raved in the past about the unfailing attention to excellent wines that they describe in such great detail that they make even a novice like me feel knowledgeable, so I'll simply say 'ditto' .Dessert is where we always go astray with our friends at Flyte as it really isn't on par with other offerings, and my sense is that they are just phoning it in to be honest.  But you can't begrudge a star to this gem of a restaurant for a chef's fear of chocolate.  Be sure to get on their email/twitter list to get last minute discounts and up to date news.  Specials have included 20% off, which you will need 'cuz it is not cheap but it is worth it.
<review# 791,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,10/26/2010,1/25/2011,66,262,3,5,4>I don't know what 'Calypso' food is or Jamaican food is, but i like this place. They have salads and beans/rice/chicken dishes.  I see some reviews about vegetarian/vegan choices. Not me. I need the meat. I recommend the Black Bean Salad. The only dish I've ever eaten here.  You can add chicken or shrimp. Beware the chicken is usually 'chilled' and not warm. Some folks may think thats weird. I tried the cinnamon coffee today to go and so glad i did. They have these most delicious corn sweet muffins that are just so yummy. This location makes you feel like you're in a garage because there is some painted trees and vines on the walls, plastic chairs and small tables. No real like 'decorations' or feel. Or the decorator for this place was a 6th grade class project. Ek!Salads are about $9 each and the platters the same range. I chose to eat here when i want something 'healthy' to eat like a huge massive salad with sour cream and tons of cheese. Whenever I take out of town guests here, no one complains and can find something on the menu they like.  Perfect for lunch!I think Calypso Cafe is a different type of place, with a interesting menu and a-ha, a local business! A alright place for me.
<review# 792,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/3/2010,1/23/2011,26,23,4,4,3>I can't believe I haven't raved about Claire's cookies before now! I mean holy smokes - these things will send you into a bliss coma. Be prepared to have the most amazing cookie experience when you get a cookie from Dozen. When we started getting cookies from Dozen, I quit making cookies at home. They just weren't anywhere near as awesome (and I'm a baker on the side!)And to top it all off - it's local and organic ingredients. I mean - who doesn't want to support your local peeps?!Personal faves:- Raspberry Lizner Cookie - OMG, this thing sends me into a tizzy. Not too sweet, not too crunchy - literally, the most perfect cookie around!- Chocolate Chip - holy shit - this isn't your mom's chocolate chip cookie. Perfection!Pecan Shortbread - such a little piece of heavan! This cookie literally melts in your mouth. Freakin' amazing!Ginger Cookie - while not my personal fave, my husband LOVES it. In fact, we gave away a Raspberry Linzer and a Ginger cookie away as gifts to everyone at our wedding reception. Claire also  makes other amazing things - gingerbread cake, pecan squares, madelines, pies, etc.So don't just run, head over to Dozen at light speed and get yourself into a sweet, bliss coma!
<review# 793,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/9/2010,1/22/2011,46,758,4,3,3>Having recently been featured in Nashville Scene, my girlfriend and I decided to check it out.Wow.  The food was delicious!  While its mostly a sandwich place, the food seems to deliver at any time of the day.The sandwich offerings seem quite exotic, but don't let any of that fool you.  My sandwich was quite rich in flavor.For dessert I tried the recommended Honey Beet Ice Cream which, while sounding disgusting was fantastic!The downside seems to be the small size of the joint, and don't get a chair near the door at sundown!Overall the passion of the staff really comes out in the food and I look forward to returning!
<review# 794,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/17/2010,1/21/2011,24,215,4,4,4>The Nashville airport is probably not the flashiest or nicest airport in the world, but I love it.  There is something to being greeted by live music when you get off a long flight to assure you that yes, you really are back in Nashville( which has happened the last three trips I took).  The food options are okay, but with most airports having truly terrible food, I would call that a plus.  The renovations are also finally starting to make a real impact.  The centralized security station is such a good idea, that you wonder why it took so long.  The new carpets and finishes are nice, and the parking is usually not to terrible.  Overall the Nashville airport has done a really good job of making flying enjoyable.  I hope that they keep up the good work and maybe add a Yazoo extension.  Actually wait, if they do that people may never leave.
<review# 795,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/12/2010,1/20/2011,2,23,4,7,5>Where else can you go for a romantic dinner with superb service and a gorgeous view of the city? You see, good service is difficult to find these days so I've become accustomed to fake-happy, rehearsed waiters and substandard wait times at most establishments. Forget even getting a manager. Our first trip to Allium involved housemade chips with honey mustard cognac dipping sauce, cocoa chili grouper, the warm trout salad (that was mine) and 2 desserts, which we took home and ate: bailey's irish cream cheesecake, and a chocolate mousse cake. Our waiter, Josh, was polite and made good recommendations. He also warned us about the desserts; they really should come with a box of tissues because once they were gone, I cried more than I did during "the Notebook."The owner/manager was making rounds checking to ensure everyone was happy. This was a nice touch, as we were happy--our water glasses were kept filled, the atmosphere was quiet and relaxed, and we did not get presumptuous vibes here. I would say the prices were competitive with other local restaurants because the serving sizes were good and it's hard to get really fresh-tasting seafood not living near a coast. Who can forget the VIEW? And the dessert...well, you'll have to see for yourself. All in all, we will be back. We're glad to have a place like this in our neighborhood.
<review# 796,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/14/2010,1/19/2011,139,429,4,4,4>I LOVE this place.  If you're looking for a place to meet up with friends over a cup of coffee, hang out and do work, or eat delicious (organic, local, or vegan) food, then this is probably the place you should be.  In addition to having all of the specialty drinks expected of a coffee shop, they also have some of the best cake in the city, a trendy hipster vibe, and free wi-fi.  After picking something delicious off of their menu (I HIGHLY recommend 'the Fideau,' the 'Local Burger,' the sweet potato fries, or any of their breakfast items or specials menu items), you'll order from their very friendly staff, receive an adorable card picturing adoptable dogs, and have a seat in one of their three connected rooms.  Your food will be out to you very quickly.  Some flavors on the menu may not sound like they go together (Strawberry Balsamic cake, anyone?), but I promise, they will all be so delicious that you'll wish you'd thought of it yourself.
<review# 797,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/23/2011,12/19/2011,64,100,3,5,3>I was VERY skeptical with this so-called deep dish pizza restaurant.  I was born and raised in Chicago and lived in Chicago til about 3 years ago,  and I believe that Chicago still has the greatest deep dish pizza in the world!  Okay, I'll get off my soap box and begin my review.Jet's pizza's deep-dish is unique, more breading than toppings but the breading and crust is texturally soft and delicious, I couldn't refuse to finish eating more than my stomach could handle.  Jet's bread is also good which makes this place's pizza and bread order worth the greasy goodness.   Now Chicagoans out there may get a little disappointed cause it's nothing like Giordano's or Lou Malnati's or even Gino's East, but I have to say Jet's Pizza has the best Pizza in Nashville over all the other pizza chains!!
<review# 798,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/28/2011,12/18/2011,108,86,7,3,3>Okay, East Nashville. You've done it to me again. Making me wish I could pick up my South Nashville home and move it across the river. See this? I'm shaking my fist at you.My friend recently moved right upstairs from Ugly Mugs. RIGHT. UPSTAIRS. And somehow I weaseled my way into her good graces enough to crash on her couch and waltz downstairs this morning for some caffeine with a lil' work on the side.One nonfat latte, please. And what's this? Granola with fresh fruit and milk? Why, yes. I'll have that. Please and thank you.The tasty granola came in a huge bowl packed with almonds, raisins, bananas and apples. All this sinking down into cinnamon milk. Heavenly. When I was five bites in, one of the employees walked over with a small container of chopped strawberries. "These just came in," he said.Color me impressed by impeccable service, fresh fare, and one of the best lattes this city has to offer.Oh, and the ambiance isn't bad either.
<review# 799,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/25/2011,12/17/2011,42,125,,4,4>So I've eaten here twice in the last two days and feel sufficiently introduced to write a review. Yesterday I had the vegan Cheesesteak and I have to say that although the seitan itself was incredible, the cheese that they use on it was no bueno and totally overwhelmed the seitan's flavor. It was so soaked through into the bread that I eventually gave up on the sandwich and forked out the seitan. They use Teese on this sandwich, seemingly the cheddar kind (which is also what they use for their queso), which is not the right kind of cheese anyway for a Philly Cheesesteak (need a white cheese). For my side, I got the sweet potato hash, which was tasty, although not what I expected. It has tons of curry flavor in it that overpowers the potato. Although I did like it, it was too strong to finish, and I don't think I would normally want a curry side to go with a sandwich. Yesterday, we were fortunate enough to get the last piece of cake, an Elvis number with chocolate, PB, and banana. It was one of the most amazing vegan cakes I've ever had. The best thing about it? (well, besides the fact that it was half priced and still moist after a day) It wasn't ridiculously sweet. It was the perfect combination of ingredients so that you didn't feel completely overwhelmed with sugar but could enjoy it from first bite to last. Today, we came back and I got the French Dip with an add-on of Daiya. This was quite good. I also sampled the burger and thought it was excellent, with a fresh-made bun and sprouts and avocado (California style). They only serve in-season veggies which meant that there were no tomatoes available, which is why I didn't order this myself today. I'll be back come summer. I ordered the spicy kale side and it was also excellent, though be warned: the garlic was so strong it could knock you out of your seat. The kale was cooked perfectly, but I wasn't able to finish the last of it, as I was overwhelmed with garlic-mouth. Note: this should be called Garlicky Kale.Companions got the chocolate chip cookie sandwich today and I thought it was just as successful as the dessert yesterday. Perfect amount of sweet without being overwhelming (even in the icing) and the cookie was wonderful. I asked about whether their baked goods are available special order, and the woman said that they are. If you ever need a vegan birthday cake, this is where you should go. All baked goods except the gluten-free offerings are baked there especially for Wild Cow. So overall, I was very happy with the offerings at Wild Cow, though I think everyone should know to ask further questions about the dishes, like what fake cheeses are used, and how the sides are prepared (and with what spices). I only wish they had another location in the West End or 21st area.
<review# 800,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/10/2011,12/16/2011,58,100,3,3,4>I am a big PM fan. I first visited PM years ago on a weekend visit to Nashville. Arnold was working in the kitchen and whipped up his first gluten free dish for me to enjoy... and it was awesome! I was hooked from that moment on. Then months later we dined here again and he added "gluten free" distinction to the menu (along with marking the vegetarian dishes). They even have tamari/gluten free soy sauce on hand for the sushi. My only complaint is they don't have gluten free beer available. I've enjoyed the edamame, the pad thai, and the peanut chicken penang. All were fabulous. The patio is great, and the inside is not too shabby, either.
<review# 801,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/25/2011,12/15/2011,96,336,2,4,2>Friday night my girlfriend surprised me by taking me to Holland House. I was truly surprised when we pulled up, because I had never heard of Holland House before and immediately became excited. Two questions I kept asking myself was how had I never hard of this place, and how come we were just now going. I would consider Holland House a restaurant in a bar, not the other way around. You come here to drink and if you just so happen to be hungry, you eat. We were immediately greeted by the friendly hostess the seated us at the bar. Even though there were plenty of open table, we chose the bar, since that's where we are more comfortable. The atmosphere is very awesome. Dimly lit, with a lot of wood and exposed brick. I have to admit that as much as I love beer, I also love a well made drink. I would much rather spend $10 for one well made drink served in a real glass, than $10 for 4 crappy drinks served in plastic cups with some fizzing soda. And for those who want to complain about the time it takes to make a drink at a place like this, why are you even there. Holland House makes one, or two or three amazingly delicious drinks. Between my girlfriend and myself we enjoyed the Kelso Cola, Summer Sazerac and Black Lemon. All were great. Those Kelso Cola's are dangerous with how easy they go down. I really enjoyed the Black Lemon, I will for sure get another when when I return. We also were hungry when we got there. Not only are the drinks delicious, but the food is too. We split the friend green tomatoes and the trout. Both were cooked to perfection. I liked that their menu was no too expansive. Just a handful of items that I'm sure were all made to perfection.    If you have never been to the Holland House, it is a must do.
<review# 802,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/29/2010,12/14/2011,48,118,5,5,3>Simple joyWhere livers come to die. Smoked filled, cheap piss beer, but grounding. You feel at home. Friendly drunks and good conversation. We spoke of a regulars book deal, nursing, thongs, theatre, acting and dropping rocks off the over pass. There is a sand shuffleboard game and flat screens for sports but if you aren't talking to the locals you are missing the point.
<review# 803,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/27/2011,12/13/2011,113,78,2,3,3>I love BOTH of the Kalamata's restaurants.  There is one in Green Hills on Hillsboro Pike, and one closer to where I work in Brentwood on Franklin Road.  This review is for the Franklin Road location.  It's in a strip mall (kind of) with a bunch of other restaurants:  Chill Spot, Subway, Brick's, Five Guys, Peter's Sushi, etc.  The staff is friendly, and the food is always fresh!  My favorites are the salads (the dressing is YUMMY), and the Chicken Gyro Pocket.  My husband almost always gets the special of the day, and he loves it.  His favorite lately has been the Salmon Florentine served over a great greek salad.  I love tea (and I just stopped drinking soda), so I splash a little sweet green tea at the bottom, and then fill the rest with their unsweet.  It's refreshing and delicious.  Also, before you leave, grab a baklava.  You're welcome.  :)   If you go during the work week at lunch, it's pretty crowded, but they turn tables very quickly.
<review# 804,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/24/2011,12/12/2011,32,72,5,8,4>Having lived in Nashville my entire life, I'm almost ashamed to admit that I didn't discover the Belcourt until last year...but there you go...I discovered the Belcourt last year.It's a fantastic "little" theatre...and I have "little" in quotes there because, while it only has 2 screens and has a tiny lobby, the actual place seems almost cavernous when you get inside to see a movie...It has a very unique smell...it's that "old movie theatre" smell. Don't get me wrong - it's not a stench or an odor. It's definitely a Belcourt smell. It's a good smell.The array of films that they show are pretty incredible. I mean, they're not going to be showing the latest Hilary Duff movie (does Hilary Duff even make movies anymore?), but they're going to be showing a lot of very good movies that you can't see anywhere else in town. We're talking documentaries, short run films, limited run films and they also show a bunch of older films. A couple of weeks ago, they played Big Lebowski and had bowling in the aisles and specials on White Russians. Last year, they played Kurosawa movies all summer and had an evening with sushi, sake, edamame and Seven Samurai. There are other events like that...plus, during the summer, they'll close off the parking lot once a month and project a movie on the side of the building like it's a drive in.Did I mention that they serve alcohol?Here's the part that really gets me...I became a member after going there for about a month. A couple of months ago, I dropped my wallet in a parking lot. The person that found my wallet saw my Belcourt card and called them (which first of all is a miracle in and of itself). The Belcourt then called me and gave me his information so I could find my wallet. So yeah...they're staffed by real people that actually care about what they do and the people that frequent their business.Pro tip: The parking lot is a pay lot, but don't pay...park there and when you buy your ticket, ask the person at the counter for the code...then go back and punch it in...Voila! Free parking!
<review# 805,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/25/2011,12/11/2011,10,306,,7,3>Oh, so THIS is what Mexican food is supposed to taste like.Incredibly warm and friendly service from both wait staff and management.I went in with a list of dishes that sounded good from the review on the Nashville Restaurants blog (nashvillerestaurants.blo). I couldn't actually locate most of those dishes on the extensive menu, but I did find the tlacoyos. Nashville Restaurants calls these "thick tortillas stuffed with beans and served with grilled nopales cactus. The red, spicy beans contrast with the tangy green salsa. The nopales are served to the side. The grill brings out an excellent flavor."That's sort of an accurate description, but it doesn't really bring out the heavenly combination of tastes and textures, the amazing mouthfeel and the wonderful freshness and lightness of all the ingredients.Truly a lovely, lovely dish of food. Despite the extensive menu, I'm tempted to order tlacoyos on my next visit. Prices are really reasonable. A complimentary basked of chips and salsa, agua fresca (with refill) and the tlacoyos made me comfortably full and cost only around $10.Incidentally, the Nashville Restaurants review kind of disses the salsa. I actually thought it was really fresh and tasty. Seemed homemade, and I liked the way they served it in a tiny carafe that you could pour into a salsa bowl, but I do admit that it might be a little thin. Just something to note if you tend to prefer chunky salsas.FYI, I drove down Nolensville Pike for a mile or so looking for this place on the side of the road. It's actually located in the shopping plaza on the corner of Nolensville and Old Hickory Boulevard, right next to the Lowe's lumber yard.
<review# 806,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/20/2011,12/10/2011,29,134,5,6,4>At first you might think the idea of Bongo Java opening up another coffee joint just down the street from Fido (ostensibly a coffee place owned by the same group) would be downright foolish. Who wants to compete with themselves? And then you realize that not only do they sell coffee, they also sell ice cream, and if there's one thing that Nashville does not needed any more of, it's places to buy frozen dairy desserts. Especially a place that's 30 seconds away from Sweet CeCe's, right?Well you would be wrong, fool! But that's ok, because I was wrong too, until a friend made me stop in with her to pick up a coffee during a break from work. While she flirted with the barista who was decked out in plaid, I amused myself by checking out the lovely and exotic tea selection and wandered over to the ice cream counter. Who would know that one tiny spoonful of Jeni's ice cream would be my downfall? I walked away with poached pear & riesling ice cream dancing on my tongue, thinking a mug of some fancy tea would quell my inappropriate desires for ice cream at 2 in the afternoon.  The tea was really good, but sate my desires for sugary goodness it did not.My husband and I finally made it over after dinner on Friday when the weather was so warm and happy, you just know it's what prompted people to invent frozen milk treats back in the day. We decided to indulge in a "Skinny Dip", which is far more sinful than the name suggests. For $7 we got two scoops of ice cream on a waffle cone that were then dipped in dark chocolate and topped with pistachios. We chose to get the honey butter cake and the salted caramel ice creams and it was maybe the best thing I have ever tasted. EVER. You may think $7 is a lot to spend on an ice cream cone, but this is high-quality deliciousness we are talking about, and you will not regret a single penny of your purchase. Also, the ice cream (and chocolate) is so rich, that this two-scoop cone is perfect for sharing as we did in the style of "Lady and the Tramp", so with that in mind, we totally spent less here than we would have at Sweet CeCe's or the various other fro yo places in town.When debating the merits of H&C vs. Sweet CeCe's et al., we decided that at the latter, it's all about the fro yo being somewhat disposable and just a means to an end - that end being mass consumption of candy and toppings. H&C is all about a quality ice cream that can be savored all on its own. What you prefer is all up to personal taste, but for my money, the next time I'm craving something sweet, I'm hitting up H&C. Word on the street is that Jeni's ice cream is made using super fresh cream from local (for Columbus, Ohio) super happy cows that are grass-fed and all that good stuff. So essentially, the ice cream is all natural... except for the crack cocaine that they must secretly be adding to it, because how else can you explain that I am still dreaming of it days later? All suggestions that I simply lack will power will be ignored!
<review# 807,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/27/2012,5/26/2012,32,72,9,7,7>Let's be honest - have I found a bad hot dog place yet? I didn't think so.This hole-in-the-wall has been on my to-do list for about a year...but I've never had any clue where it was. For a long time, I kind of thought that it and I Dream of Weenie may be the same establishment merely based on the fact that I had no clue where Ewing Street is (they are not).While it would normally be odd not to know where Ewing Street is when you used to work across the street from it...it's not really a neighborhood you wander around.It's off of Lafayette on Ewing...in basically the last place you'd ever expect anything...seriously. This neighborhood is not up-and-coming. It's not "hipster". It's warehouses and sketchville. If this were an old Opryland area, it would be Grinder's Sketch and it would be the sketchy part behind Doo Wah Diddy City. The Rescue Mission next door classes up the neighborhood.What I'm saying is...the neighborhood is a bit sketchy.The hot dogs, however, are not in the least bit sketchy. I had a Nashville dog - it had slaw, cucumbers, some other deliciousness...grilled to perfection. All beef. All OHMYGODIT'SDELICIOUS.The menu is fairly simple, but the hot dogs are delicious and cheap. They also have some pretty delicious (and greasy - I could see through the bag by the time it got to the table) fries and onion rings.They have a deck out back, plenty of seating. It's actually a pretty cool little place.More importantly, the staff was absolutely, ridiculously friendly and made everyone there feel like a regular.I don't know at what point Nashville became a hot dog mecca, but I've seriously yet to find the hot dog place in Nashville that I would not revisit - Hot Diggity Dog, Cori's, I Dream of Weenie, The Dog...they're all good. Try them all.As for this one...friendly staff, delicious hot dogs, doesn't break the bank.Pretty sure that's why they named the place Hot Diggity Dog.
<review# 808,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/29/2011,5/25/2012,139,429,2,5,4>Cafe Coco is quite the jack of all trades.  Tucked away on Louise Avenue under canopy of foliage, Cafe Coco is a coffee shop/restaurant/bar/music venue/hipster-grunge hangout/study locale/open all day and all night sort of a place that delivers (both in the figurative and literal senses!)My most recent Coco experience was a call ahead take out order.  They were very friendly, and my Greek Goddess salad, Island Girl, and Turkey Rockefeller (which, interestingly, has it's own fan club and punch card) were hot and ready for me when I arrived.  My food was delicious and I'm excited to return for more menu items next time I'm craving a late night (or anytime!) snack.
<review# 809,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/7/2011,5/23/2012,43,89,5,5,4>Wow, if we had not punched the address into our gps we would have totally missed this place. The building looks like a total hole in the wall, but that's just our kind of venue. For a pregnant woman in her second trimester, this place is the devil! I ate everything in front of me. My husband ordered this crazy breakfast sandwich that was just insane, he called it a heart attack between bread. He LOVED it and couldn't finish it. the portions we very generous and it's a family friendly place. Our son gobbled up the home fries. The gravy was good, my husband has yet to find a place that can make biscuits and gravy like mine and he complains every time. This time he said, "not yours, but good." That means a lot in my book :)You can't beat the prices and the food, even though its not your fine dining, there is a reason why its been here so long and why there is a constant stream of old timers, fire fighters and police officers streaming in.
<review# 810,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/18/2011,5/22/2012,57,108,2,10,3>This is such a neat little studio tucked away underneath the Bluebird Cafe. It's kind of hard to find, but once you're there you are taken away to bliss. The soothing atmosphere and decor combined with the scent of lavender and eucalyptus along with the perfect spa music just takes you away.  She asked me where my trouble areas were and how much pressure I needed and took it from there. I'm a runner so my hamstrings and calves are typically really tight and she really worked those out for me! She also used hot towels on my back, legs, and arms, which was a great surprise. I completely fell asleep at the end I was so relaxed. I will definitely be a return customer!
<review# 811,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/20/2012,5/20/2012,116,191,,5,4>Greasy, cheesy, beefy goodness!  Add hot, crispy shoestring fries and a cheap cold draft beer and we're in business!!Seriously, few burgers are as tasty as the cheeseburger with grilled onions at Brown's.  Why not five stars?  If you like bacon on your burger, you are SOL.  I'm fine without the bacon, but it would be nice if it were an option.On a sunny day (like today!), the patio is a great place to kick back...and on a cold or rainy day, the bar is a great hang as is the dining room attached to the trailer.
<review# 812,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/5/2012,5/19/2012,160,232,4,5,5>This New York style pizza is incredible! And the location couldn't get any better especially after a long night out at the local bars. The service is great too! Immediately upon entering the restaurant I had deja vu! It's identical to a pizza joint I used to go to in the Castro in San Francisco! Maybe even yummier! And yes, the garlic knots are also delicious!
<review# 813,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/30/2011,5/18/2012,26,493,2,6,4>With a generic name of Chinatown Restaurant, how could I not resist? Heck, even if they had named themselves Chinese Restaurant, I would still try it out.Standard disclaimer: I love Americanized Chinese food, which I consider a separate cuisine than authentic Chinese.And this place was delicious.The decor was interesting. I think it was vinyl that covered the tables. Back home, my friends who were ABC (American-Born Chinese) told me the best Chinese food were always in hole-in-the-walls, where there was almost no decor. Places where the bus boys would pour hot tea on the glass tops covering the tables to loosen up any food stains. Here at Chinatown Restaurant, they actually decorated the place. Looked nice.There were booths and tables.I was given a free appetizer of fried wonton skins. I don't remember if that was plum sauce that accompanied that, but the yellow stuff was definitely hot Chinese mustard.The oolong tea was soothing. And didn't taste strong by the end of my meal. It wasn't the type of tea where bits of leaves would fall into your cup. Perhaps it was tea from bags -- the bag didn't come with the pot.Had my go-to standard of sweet and sour pork. They offered the sauce on the side, which was a nice touch. The sauce wasn't heavy on the sweet or the sour. Made me realize that I can cut back on both without sacrificing flavor. I loved the fact that they offer some dishes as sides: I had the green beans with black bean sauce, and it was a perfect amount. I came here early in the evening, and it was filling up with families with kids. I overheard a woman who was telling her young child that the [?] were as good as those from the Chinese restaurants back home in New York. The place was pricy for me, but given its location, I was willing to let that go.Staff was so friendly. Even though I could tell she spoke Cantonese, I told her in my piddling Mandarin that I was not Chinese (because I get asked that a lot, and she asked me if I was).A definite place to treat myself to good Chinese food.
<review# 814,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/11/2011,5/17/2012,108,105,5,12,8>I moved to Nashville just a few months ago. Let me start off this review by telling you just how disappointed I was to find out that Nashville is not a hotbed of BBQ like our western neighbor city.Let me also tell you how happy I was to find out that hot chicken is a Nashville specialty.I should probably also preface a little by saying I haven't yet tried any other hot chicken joints. I've heard nothing but good things about Bolton's, and I've been told that Prince's is fine if you just like to burn your face off (still nothing beats the original?). But damn if Pepperfire isn't some of the best fried chicken - hot or otherwise - that I've ever had.Sweet and juicy... and hot! It really is spectacular. The pickles put a beautiful finish on it too.No indoor seating, so beware of rainy days and cold. You'll be sitting for a good 15 minutes before your food comes.
<review# 815,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/1/2012,5/16/2012,44,217,3,5,4>Pizza is the best here.  Double slice pizzas are awesome.  Gladiator had a hidden layer of pepporoni, topped with sausage and mozarella.  Cheeseheads unite!  Lasagna also looked really good, eggplant parm was tempting.  I splurged and got the tiramisu which was outstanding!The NY style pizzas looked really good, the cheese was a golden brown all over, describing this makes me drool.  So if pizza was ever your favorite food youtube.com/watch?v=P3dS
<review# 816,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/7/2012,5/14/2012,70,64,6,10,7>Alright, I had to go with four stars simply because it's not a place I'd ever find myself CRAVING to hit up again- mainly because of the price tag. Poor PR girl here, come on. But, this is nothing like Nashville has ever seen and it's a great addition to our city's dining landscape - I would suggest everyone try it once. Despite having to eat Ramen for two weeks after that meal, I'm still SO glad I did it.Atmosphere: A friend and I "gifted" dinner there to each other for Christmas this year - it was a perfect pick for two restaurant-loving best friends. We were greeted outside of the building (we read on Yelp not to arrive early or you'd be forced to wait around in Patterson House until your reservation time - there is no waiting area), which was slightly creepy because the hostess knew our name and called out to us as she exited Patterson House. She welcomed us, took our coats and led us to our seats on the end of the dining bar. The interior is simple - a perfect backdrop for the artistic courses that would come our way throughout the evening. We had plenty of space and the noise level was perfect to not feel like we were alone in the room, but still maintain a good conversation.Service: The chefs are incredible and so friendly, as are the other staff members. We were jovially greeted by one of the Goldberg brothers, who laid out the plan for the evening and ensured we were settled in and looking forward to a great evening. We were. Chef Anderson was particularly friendly - when he heard I was headed to Copenhagen in the coming months (the location of his last culinary residence), he wrote down some dining recommendations for me - can't wait to try them!Drinks: I gotta be honest - my palate is way below this place, so I'm not sure can totally appreciate the drink pairings. But that doesn't mean I didn't LOVE them. We both ordered the regular drink pairing ($35/person) and loved every beverage that was placed in front of us. Some seriously unique and tasty concoctions. If you go, just suck it up and add the drink pairings - it's worth it.Food: Like I said, my palate isn't that sophisticated, but each course brought something new for us to try - which was SO much fun. I couldn't begin to tell you half the things I ate that night and would have to refer to the "menu map" they gave us at the end of the night, but everything was fun to try. This place is definitely not for the un-adventurous soul.Overall: If I had unlimited funds, I'd return here regularly since the menu changes based on the whim of the chefs. Even those of us without a deep appreciation for the variety of ingredients found in each dish can still appreciate the great sense of adventure that is going to The Catbird Seat. Definitely give it a try at least once!
<review# 817,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/6/2010,1/7/2011,23,25,6,8,8>tooferones. 241. two for the price of one!man i love a deal.  i can't give you the full scoop on cabana, but i can tell ya the important details.Every Sunday night, cabana has two for one pizzas. And draft beer. That's something to smile about.   In fact, their menu lists in fine print that the two for one deal is sunday thru tuesday. Translation:  you and your buddy can each have your own pizza and a few beers for a very reasonable price.  I recommend the blanco pizza, and the margherita pizza is also delicious.  Not really your style?  Well, you can always your create own.I like to sit at the bar, but this is also a great spot for groups and potential holiday parties as you can be seated in your own private cabana.
<review# 818,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/29/2010,1/6/2011,9,106,5,8,4>Cow balls. Yep, that's what those chewy Texas Calf Fries are on Roosters menu. You can pretend that they're mountain oysters when you chew 'em, which is another name for that gamey delicacy. Other adventurist starter is Rooster's Shrimp Diablo. Its a whole jalapeno pepper stuffed with cheese and a shrimp and wrapped in bacon. Take small bites, focus on the cheese shrimp taste & the fire of the jalapeno will be manageable. Chase with a Coors. The handsome wooden bar, original oak floor, old timey ceiling & fans give Roosters a comfortable feel like a good fitting pair of Justin boots. Barbeque veteran Rooster Beane latest restaurant is in downtown Nashville Gulch area. Its at 12th & Porter intersection, a street-level below Church street.
<review# 819,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/17/2010,1/5/2011,26,235,,6,3>This is one of those unique places you wont find anywhere else.  The manager - becomes your best friend before you leave and the staff are right on top of things.  The bacon bacon is a must and by the time you leave, you will feel like you just left a friends house after a terrific dinner.The decor is authentic and it's both intimate and warm.  I really like that instead of ordering a glass of specific wine, i can tell them what i would like - peppery, light, etc and they take care of the rest.I have eaten at the Standard a number of times and my wife and i can't get enough.  Even coming in for dessert is good enough sometimes,because you feel like you're visiting freinds.
<review# 820,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/25/2010,1/4/2011,54,100,7,3,4>I mean really, how does a restaurant sell a big plate of spaghetti with grilled Italian sausage, a salad, and unlimited bread for $4.25?Is there some sort of time/space portal in Hendersonville that transports you back to 1987?You're not going to have your socks blown off at Demo's, but you are going to get good food a very good prices. They have a $4.25 lunch special every day and have a huge menu of entrees in the evening priced at $6 or $8. Nice decor. Clean and comfortable.Iced tea comes unsweetened, but they bring liquid sugar that you can add. It's delicious and a good business decision, I thought. The service was friendly, but not overbearing. My lunch bill was $6.82 including a drink.Anyplace where 2 people can go at night and get out for about $20 plus tip takes me back to my college dating days. I mean, my middle school years. Yeah, that's it.
<review# 821,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/26/2010,1/3/2011,217,312,22,15,9>I credit Marti and Liz with turning me in to a bona fide shoe slut.Don't get me wrong, the seeds were certainly planted in my youth.  Growing up, my old man taught me about taking care of shoes. On Sundays, he would line up his work shoes, sit there in his shorts and a T-shirt, lay down some newspaper, and line up his shoes like soldiers to be shined.  He also taught me to always use wooden shoe trees to keep the shoes dry and stretched out when not wearing them, travel with my shoes in shoe bags to keep them from getting scuffed up, and to make friends with a good cobbler.  To that end I still have my first pair of Johnston Murphy cap toe lace ups that I got 15 years ago and they look great.But, back on point, my wife dragged me here against my will, as I am also completely phobic about second-hand clothing, which is what I assumed Marti and Liz was.  Now, to this day I can't say where they get their shoes, my theory is off of dead people.  No matter, when confronted with a $285 pair of Cole Haan's for $35, all prejudices quickly fall to the wayside.  Seriously.  They have amazing brands of men's shoes, Johnston Murphy, Kenneth Cole, you never know what you will find, from sandals, to sporty, to formal.  And they are DIRT CHEAP.It is kind of a gamble.  Since they only have what they have on the shelves, you may go in and find 5 pairs of shoes you love.  You may go in and find nothing.  But it is always worth while to stop by and see what they have.  A word of advice, try on the shoes and make sure they fit thoroughly.  They have a very strict return policy, as in you are pretty much hosed if you try to return something if it doesn't fit.  I just shipped off a pair to Goodwill as I thought they fit in the store, but required Crisco to get on and off my foot when I got home.  Small price to pay for the opportunity to get some rockin' shoes.  Make sure you inspect them thoroughly and know that if there is a small defect or blemish, that a cobbler can fix it up generally for under $10.So yeah, that's how I now have more shoes than my wife.  I would imagine an intervention is just around the corner...One sad note is that unfortunately, they have no men's shoes in sizes 9 thru 91/2.  That statement is 100% fact.  Seriously.  I am not not trying to increase my chances of getting the best shoes in my size.  Cough.
<review# 822,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/5/2010,1/2/2011,106,374,2,4,2>It is no secret that 2 of the (many) great loves of my life are great food and great hair products.  I often find myself having to choose between the two.  On this day, I chose hair.  My new favorite find at Cosmetic Market over the past few months has been Moroccan Oil.  Started with just the oil--the ultimate frizz tamer!--but have now discovered their newest addition, Curl Control Cream.  Yes please.  And I consider it a steal at just over thirty bucks.  Of course, I can't leave my most favorite place with only one treat.  The girls at the Market will set you up with fabulous free samples too!  Makes my day.
<review# 823,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/18/2010,1/1/2011,26,485,4,5,5>Truly one of the hidden gems of outdoor life in Nashville: it has a campground, but also a parklike area with picnic tables and access to the water directly in several areas, as well as a boat ramp.The great thing about it is that only the campground itself is a for-pay area, while the rest of it is entirely free.I've taken my son to seven points lots of times, and he loves to go and throw rocks in the water.  We can spend a quiet hour together, I watch to make sure he doesn't get too close, I watch the boats pass, I enjoy the blue sky, and my son loves the opportunity to make stones splash into Percy Priest Lake.  We've gone at least a few times for the last three summers, and he always gets a kick out of it.  We visit a beautiful area for free, he drains some energy, and I get to have quality time with my son.  What can be better?
<review# 824,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/2/2010,12/31/2010,116,191,3,5,4>I spend a lot, really too much, time at Sunset. What it comes down to is a ridiculously good (and affordable) wine list, excellent service and consistently excellent food. I usually sit in the bar. The bartenders are super nice and helpful if you need assistance with wine selection.  I've also had one of the best martinis in town here (beefeater gin, up).They do amazing things with pork belly here. They do a great take on bacon and eggs served w/ a quail egg. When they have it the risotto is excellent (I've had several variations...the best being goat cheese w/ truffles). Also, the butterscotch habanero bread pudding is incredible. Also worth noting: they do an exceptional brunch on Mother's Day, Father's Day (and maybe Easter???). We took my mom last year and everyone (including a picky companion) was thoroughly impressed. This was when water was still in short supply (after the flood), so I really appreciated that they used biodegradable disposables.
<review# 825,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/3/2010,12/30/2010,111,543,4,6,7>Ooh, I like this place.  I did not think I was going to as I had a couple of work-related meh experiences a few years back involving an ok pizza and some pasta that was not spectacular, but last night Amerigos grabbed my tongue and assaulted me with flavor.We (me and the wife) started with the goat cheese and walnut salad which at first was ok but at spots was worth writing a small poem about. They split an order in two for us, which was quite nice of them.The bread and olive oil they left on the table for us was really good, it's a rare time when I feel that the olive oil/bread combo is actually drool-worthy, but this was such a time.  I could have eaten nothing but bread and olive oil at this place and been happy.We had some of the house merlot, which was pretty good, on seconds I was considering a chianti they had but was not sure about, they let me sample it which was quite nice of them.  I didn't go for it, opting instead for some more of the house merlot.Our main courses arrived, mine being an eggplant parmesan and hers being what I think was a vegetarian version of the Tuscan crab cakes, but I cannot recall.  Both were delicious.The eggplant parmesan was served drenched in pasta sauce that I still am thinking about, it was on top of a bed of angel-hair pasta that I believe was in some sort of butter saurce of its own, but I could be mistaken.  The flavor mugged my already assaulted tongue and was delightful.  I have no idea how they got the sauce that good.The vegetarian crab cake style concoction was good I am told... I had some of it but do not really remember as my food was just screaming for me to savor it...We finished the meal off with a pecan butter crunch cake.  Nothing is as disappointing on a desert as plain Jane ice cream, and we were not disappointed.  I do not know how to describe the perfection of this desert.  Let's leave it at it was probably the best restaurant desert I have ever had.Follow this up with a very good customer service experience when the Android version of Groupon did not function as the iPhone version did (Groupon had been inaccessible all day so we could not print the page out, but the app was working).  A manager came out, took down the barcode/number, and told us the business model of Groupon etc, which was actually pretty darn neat.Had a great experience, was treated very nicely even though I felt I was severely under-dressed for the place.  Left in nearly a food coma
<review# 826,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/21/2010,12/29/2010,126,270,6,9,7>On a recent adventure to the East Side of Nashville, I took it upon myself to saunter into the Wild Cow Vegetarian Restaurant. That's right. Wild. Cow. Vegetarian Restaurant. Who couldn't fall in love with that name?I am a proudly-declared fresh food and vegetable lover not a vegetarian nor a vegan so I wasn't quite so sure what to expect. My fellow carnivore and I headed in and was immediately greeted by the folks behind the counter. Wild Cow doesn't exactly have a system in terms of seating or getting your menu. You kind of grab a menu, order at the counter, and then they bring out your food. Onto the food. The food was quite yummy. I selected a light option and partook of the dill hummus plate ($5) which was seemingly freshly ground, however, I would have enjoyed a bit more flavor. It came with an array of sliced vegetables and chips. The taco salad ($8.25) was also ordered and from the time the server set the plate down in front of him, it was nearly gone. Clean plate award!!!!Overall, the Wild Cow has a lot to offer and I will be making my way back around these parts again.
<review# 827,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/9/2013,6/24/2013,29,125,1,6,2>I'm not Indian. I've never been to India. I don't know the first thing about Indian food. All I know is that Shalimar satisfies my palate just fine. Their food is good. Their sauces are flavorful and perfectly spiced. The meat is tender and juicy. I'm a big baby when it comes to spicy food so we don't order very hot dishes and the flavor is still wonderful. Their rice has raisins and other chunkums of goodness mixed into it that compliment the dishes nicely. We usually order a couple of dishes and split them. Last time we visited we ordered two meat dishes and two vegetable dishes and we had leftovers. They are BYOB but do not have a corking fee. BYOB can be a pain but I love it in this situation because they are so close to Wine Shoppe at Green Hills. The wine shop is off of Abbot Martin Road, right across from the Nordstrom's entrance of the mall. If aren't sure what to look for ask for a slightly sweet, white wine, it will offset the spiciness. Going here will ensure that you get a good bottle of wine to complement your delicious meal at less than what a restaurant would normally charge- winning!
<review# 828,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/13/2013,6/23/2013,37,76,1,4,5>Everything about this place made me happy! 1. Super friendly staff -- starting right off with my phone call to make reservations. Our waiter was helpful and upbeat, even during a mad dinner crowd. There was no rushing us out of the place. 2. Accessible and cool vibe- The fact that they are getting such awesome reviews, but I was able to make a reservation when I wanted and on a weekend! Convenient Germantown location, and a cool, reclaimed industrial space really added to the ambiance. It is loud, but that only adds to the neighborhood tavern atmosphere. I haven't even gotten to the food and drinks! 3. Cocktails-- Each cocktail we tried was fantastic- the Cumberland sour and the Fillmore were especially great! 4. Food-- Everything we tried was inspired and delicious. The pork ragout has gotten love in other reviews as well- have to add my vote. The delicious house-made sourdough and seaweed butter is worth the extra cash for an order. The brussel sprout salad was a favorite at our table. The heritage chicken with preserved lemon was divine- juicy, fresh and flavorful. 5.  Dessert-- To top it off - dessert was unique and delicious. Definitely try the bombolino- italian doughnuts, cream filled, and served with a redundantly delicious chocolate dipping sauce.
<review# 829,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/30/2013,6/21/2013,49,133,4,5,5>I had the SHAY-mus burger with bacon, a side of fries, and a fruit tea. Is it really the best burger in town? Probably not, but the burger was indeed excellent. Loved the soft buns and the meat didn't feel fatty at all! I didn't read the description carefully and didn't expect mustard was included. Not a fan of mustard on burger at all. I will remember to leave that out next time. Fries were very greasy and lack seasoning. Fruit tea was average and way too sweet. It is hard to find a better fruit tea than the one at Bread & Company.Sit at the bar if you can. Staff was very nice and friendly. Parking wasn't a problem since they have a private lot. Can't wait to come back to try out other burgers (minus the fries and fruit tea)! 2013/#46
<review# 830,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/8/2013,6/20/2013,10,306,,5,2>I really didn't want to like Papa T's. (Because it's really far from where I live, and what's the point of hankering for a far-away BBQ joint?)Alas, their ribs are probably the best in town and some of the tastiest I've ever eaten.And their hot sauce is out of this solar system (possibly out of this galaxy).And the brisket (large portion, chopped and heavily sauced) plays a close second fiddle to those ribs.And Papa Turney seems like a really nice guy. Very welcoming. Very friendly. Knows how to run a business.So...I'll be gearing up for another regional road trip soon to Papa Turney's. Gotta try the rest of those meats and see what Papa's got cookin'.How do you know when a restaurant is *really* good? When it wins you over in spite of yourself.
<review# 831,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/3/2012,6/19/2013,123,108,1,2,1>Since one cannot buy even a bottle of wine at the grocery store (thank you TN), Nashvillians such as myself must visit the Liquor store to get our fill of anything beyond beer. I visited here the day before Thanksgiving, brave I know. The parking lot was busy, but there was plenty of parking despite all of us running like mad to get the beverages necessary for dealing with family! ;) The layout was sort of confusing yet made sense in hindsight, one side of the store has all craft beers and such, while the other leads to the good stuff. After going into the beer side on the left first, the door on the right led me into the actual liquor store. There I found a wide selection of wines, whiskeys, bourbons and such. I was impressed to see some neat gift sets as well with accompanying glasses, those are really nice during the Holidays.The Wines are all categorized and I was able to find what I needed *uh-hm*.. wanted pretty quickly. The staff was buzzing on the sales floor making recommendations and leading folks around. Some of the isles are a bit narrow, but the store was overall easy to navigate. Prices are very fair, and with the beer shop next door you could easily save yourself multiple trips by getting your beverages all in one place. Service at the counter was prompt and very friendly. I was pleased with the experience and will be returning in the future ie; the day before Christmas Eve.
<review# 832,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/4/2012,6/18/2013,55,242,,4,1>Ok, there are a few elements to South to be reviewed. First is the "club" side, which you will get after 9 on Fri and Sat. I am not one to typically like dancing and the trash that usually follows that music, but I was really pleasantly surprised with South at night. The crowd is upscale, there is a small cover and dress code, and the music was fab. A lot of 90's early 00's hip hop mixed in with some of the catchier recent hits. Kept the ladies dancing all night. I have also been here for food. The food itself was well above average. I had the fish and chips, made with catfish. I am not one to normally enjoy catfish, but I was told I had to try it and it was delish. Problem occurred about a bit later when I felt like someone had stabbed my stomach and I projectile vomited everywhere. I don't want to pass final judgement on the food until I go back, because I have good friends who eat here frequently and have never had an issue. It may have just been a bum piece of fish. If the food sits as well as it tastes next time, I will drop 5 stars on South, as everything else is spot on. Side note, I am a sucker for cool beer lists, and this place has a small, but awesome selection. If you serve Rogue Dead Guy, we are cool.
<review# 833,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/6/2012,6/17/2013,105,145,2,2,2>One of the true tragedies of life is that it seems only in New York can one simply go into a pizza parlor and buy a slice of pizza. Well no more.NY Pie is a cute little pizza shop sandwiched in a huge shopping center (Nashville West). It may well get lost among the Best Buy/Costco/BooksAMillion/Dicks megaplex if it weren't for the fact that it is in on of the little out-lot shopping centers around the periphery. As it is, I have been to the center a dozen times before without stopping in, but I doubt I will miss it many times in the future.As a veggie, I am used to pizza places having choices that range from Veggie to Cheese - and only Veggie or Cheese, but NY Pie had four or five different vegetarian friendly options hot and ready. I opted for one of their 5 cheese creations and a Mediterranean - each sold by the slice. I will say they werent the cheapest place in town, sllices range from $2.50 to over $5, and my two slices and a drink set me back $8, but they were Good! I took a seat at the counter and they brought the slices to me and the smell alone was great.If you find yourself on that side of town and want New York pie served by guys with New York accents, I would check them out.
<review# 834,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/6/2012,6/16/2013,44,230,4,5,2>The best, I said BEST cupcake in Nashville. Did you get that?? THE BEST! The reason Gigi's gets so much publicity is because they are a chain and well, they advertise a LOT. Cupcake Collection is the best kept secret in Nashville. I've had EVERY cupcake in Nashville. This place is the BEST! So freaking fresh and moist and the icing, too! I don't even like icing, but this is so beyond delicious! My favorite is the sweet potato cupcake. SO moist and delicious, I don't think Paula Deen could conjure this up. The strawberry cupcake is amazing, too, real strawberries. I've had almost all of them and you can't go wrong. Simply amazing! And I hear they deliver now, too. Although I don't mind driving to Germantown for heaven. Well done!!
<review# 835,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/24/2013,6/15/2013,95,226,3,4,3>Dropped in for a quick dinner last Saturday night. My first trip to Gus's in Nashville. Was met promptly and got a big ass beer ordered up. Made short work of the menu and ordered fried tomatoes, Chicken, and slaw. Tomatoes weren't perfect like my previous trips to the Memphis locations. The chicken was though!!!  Boy Howdy!!!!  It's not Prince's spicy, but it has a little heat. Don't go here if you're a thrill seeker looking for your next mouthful of nuclear waste, it's not that kind of hot and spicy. The temperature if the HOT, the little bit of cayenne is the spicy.Come here for the good service and fat beer. Stay for the perfectly cooked chicken.I'll be back!!!!
<review# 836,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/14/2012,6/14/2013,26,485,3,5,1>I went here for the first time about two weeks ago, on the day Marathon Motor Works had that craft show thing that you pretty much couldn't get into.  That visit, in my eyes, was an unmitigated disaster.  The coffee was awful.  Awful.  A-W-F-U-L!!! The service was nonexistent, and there just wasn't any room at all.  If I had reviewed it after that first experience, it would have easily been one star.But after some reflection, I decided that it would be wildly unfair to review a new location under such stressful circumstances.  Not that it wouldn't be fun to write an unfair review; it would be wildly fun.  Some of my favorite reviews were borderline unfair.  But, once again, I have my integrity to think of.  We also have to consider the fact that reviews can, for better and for worse, affect the affairs of businesses.  Writing an unfair review out of vengeance might bring me laughs, but it might also cause an interested coffee fan to look elsewhere when this business might be just what they'd love, and my conscience can't bear that.So, to be fair, I visited twice more, and it's actually pretty darn good.  The proprietor is a friendly, almost jovial middle-aged biker dude, who will chat you up and even have a word and a smile for your kids.  I like that.  The coffee is good when it's not rushed, and it's pretty clear the people behind the business cared greatly about making a good cuppa joe.  Good baked goods, creative (though not very comfortable) seating helps, too.My main issue with the place is the extreme inconvenience.  Marathon Village is hard to get to from one block away, much less downtown, or even Charlotte Pike.  There's almost no direct route, leaving one to navigate several awkward turns.  Parking is odd, too.  Mostly, I've parked in the small empty field across the street, but even that seems frustrating.  Finally, the bathroom feels like it's a quarter mile away.  When my almost four year old asks to go to the bathroom everywhere we go, that's a headache.So the coffee is good and the experience is rewarding, but the effort it takes to get it is the biggest flaw Garage has.C'est la vie...
<review# 837,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/6/2013,1/11/2014,23,77,2,7,4>I always hesitate to write reviews on the little holes in the wall I come across, but Las Americas was too good not to share. The menu is larger than I expected, and everything is priced crazy cheap - I had a pupusa and two beef cheek tacos and spent about $6. For $2.30 you get a pupusa the size of a small dinner plate stuffed with meat, beans and/or cheese, crisped perfectly on the flat top. Every meal is served with three types of salsa. I requested a side of sour cream ($1.20) and a serving the size of a small grocery store container of sour cream arrived. The cheek tacos are served with onions, cilantro, a wedge of lime and a hunk of avocado and are less than $1.50 each.I'm stuffed but can't stop thinking about the pupusa.
<review# 838,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/5/2013,1/10/2014,74,82,1,7,7>If you want to support local businesses then don't just support restaurants. This is locally owned and operated store. It's located on Rivergate Parkway right off the interstate. I come in here just about every morning and talk to Jimmy and his Mother and get some milk. Every morning Jimmy gets there early and starts cooking. You can always get fresh biscuits and tenderloin or sausage. Plus stop in for lunch and he will make you a thick cut balogne sandwich. Mom and Pop gas stations like this are a dying breed and if we don't do our part by supporting them all we will have left are the big corprate stores. So if youre in the area please stop in and give this place a chance. I can promise you will be glad you did.
<review# 839,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/16/2013,1/9/2014,19,89,8,17,9>I really like their white BBQ sauce, it is very good, they're homemade ketchup is spicy and their homemade red BBQ sauce was just average! I had their fish tacos, very good... but I was really impressed with their Brunch, not a huge portion size (small really), and a little pricey, but very good taste! I would recommend it, if you have a few extra bucks to spare.They have a lot of beer options, which I like!
<review# 840,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/7/2013,1/8/2014,55,189,3,3,3>Good old Larry's. haha. Such a fun karaoke place! We went on the 4th of July and met some crazy characters there and had a total blast.Deep fried classics, stiff drinks and genuine neighborhood comradery is the heart of Larry's Restaurant & Lounge. Strangers mingling with strangers, people cheering on the underdog and a casual vibe that would make anyone feel at home. We spent several hours conversing with a couple that had met online and was having their first date. They invited us into their booth as if we had known them for years. To return the kindness, we cheered Bubba and his girl on for every song after that. haha.If you are looking for some karaoke with a lax atmosphere, then give Larry's a try. We had a great time and I'd definitely go back.
<review# 841,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/5/2013,1/7/2014,186,329,9,12,9>I am going to have to disagree with my fellow Yelp Elite and BBQ judge, Daniel B.  Peg Leg Porker is the new "IT" place to get BBQ in Nashville.  Everything about the place is, as described by Nickie, "the holy grail" of what you want out of good BBQ.First of all, let's start with the building and the smoker itself.  You want to know how you know that Peg Leg is already going to surpass most of the competition in town:  that big giant chimney sticking up into the sky where he is wood-fire pit smoking the meat, the green beans, and the baked beans to pure perfection.  Pulled pork sandwich topped with coleslaw and prepared on a locally baked and delivered the day you are eating Provence bread (prepared exclusively for Peg Leg Porker).  The sandwich will melt in your mouth with an explosion of creamy coleslaw flavor complemented by the succulent hot BBQ sauce (that I used... it is over by the water and soda dispenser) and finished with the smoke flavor of the pulled, moist pork itself.  I might have just had an orgasm thinking about the sandwich again.  Did I just go too far for online reviews?  Probably.  Was it necessary?  Definitely.The dry rub ribs are exquisite as well.  I taste cumin, I taste oregano, I taste chili pepper or red pepper, and I taste some other spices that I could not quite pick out.  I bite further down in the cooked just right ribs (none of that backyard kid stuff) and I die slowly but happily because there can be nothing better.Then I try my small side (yes, the sides are small but mighty!) of baked beans.  I can only and have only described the baked beans to others as, "Life changing".  I stand by that.The macaroni and cheese is creamy with a capital CREAMY.  I do not know how much cream is used to create that delicious creamy flavor (and I do not think my arteries want to know), but the mac and cheese is yet another "something to behold".  Peg Leg Porker represents all that is good and right in the world.  Angels (one legged ones, of course) sing praises on high.  However many virgins it is, praise the wonders.  Peg Leg Porker is the 9th Wonder of the World.Yum!
<review# 842,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/13/2013,1/6/2014,217,312,15,9,5>I would like to thank this place for giving me all of the reasons I ever needed to stop having children.Seriously.  I have two wonderful kids, 4.5 and 2. We went with another cool couple that have a 3, 7 and 10-year old.  When we unleashed them here, it was pure chaos.  Kids ran in all different directions; North, South, East, West, Up and Down.  Like that, they were gone.  The next two hours were mainly an exercise of "Have you seen Sammy/Sophie/Lainie/Nick/Zoe?" and running all over the place to find them amidst the cacophony of lights explosions and a million other children and parents.   And, to be clear, this was on a fair-weather weekday - I can't even wrap my hugh-mon brain around what this place must be like on a rainy Saturday.  I chased my son all the way up to the top of the tower - god save the parents/grandparents/guardians who are slightly obese, because you are never going to see your kids again if they go up there...  And the germs... oh my... unless they have bleach sprinklers that turn on every night...  Whatever happened to the good ol' days when our parents locked us out of the house and made us wander the semi-safe streets and eat dirt?But enough kvetching.  All-in-all it is a cool place with a lot of neat exhibits, and it is a guaranteed two solid hours of fun for your kiddos under 12.  And seriously, we are stopping at two kids.  Gotta have that man-to-man defense.
<review# 843,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/27/2013,1/5/2014,44,103,2,3,2>I am currently trying the 30 day unlimited Groupon trial and, with only 2 back to back Hot 26 classes down, I AM HOOKED! This Hot Yoga is definitely HOT and sweaty and challenging. Great open studio, with the only downside being the tiny women's changing/shower/bathroom. Advice: change beforehand if you can! Space is so limited and during rush times, you'd be lucky to get in and out  without feeling anxious or rushed. Other than that, the classes and instructors are spot on. After spending some time looking for the right studio, I'm already looking forward to joining long term. Oh and also worth mentioning, it's next to my fave brewery- Fat Bottom :-D
<review# 844,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/11/2013,1/4/2014,110,106,,7,2>If you want a HARD and SWEATY workout, this is for you!  I think I may have wanted to pass out every 15 minutes or so! But that's mainly because I am pretty out of shape lately and jumped into one of the hardest workouts I've had. The staff was extremely nice and helpful as I am total newbie.  Free first class, you just have to try it!I agree with other yelpers that I would be more inclined to go back if they offered class packages instead of monthly contracts.  If they offered a package for 5 classes, etc, I would totally go back and see if it's for me long term.  Also, my knuckles got pretty bruised, I may have over exerted myself, or the glove just didn't fit me right.  But the instructor said that should go away with time as you get used to it.  Again... maybe offer a 5 class package so I can see for myself...
<review# 845,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/28/2013,1/3/2014,29,125,,5,5>I hired Rosebud's East to do the flowers for my wedding. I chose Rosebud because I had gone in once to buy flowers for someone and really liked her creations. In my dream wedding we would have stopped by the morning of and picked up one of her pre-made $30 bouqets. However, my wedding planner said fat chance. Our wedding planner set up a meeting and I explained that flowers honestly weren't a priority and was being strong armed into getting any of them. We set a total budget for her to work within for 12 tables, 2 bouquets, and two boutinnairs. I didn't give her colors or flowers. I liked her stuff and I just wanted her to use whatever she had in stock. The results was really perfect. My flowers were beautiful, the boutiners were fun and different. For the table displays she decorated mason jars and filled them with baby's breath (I had mentioned I liked baby's breath). I was honeslty really happy with the result and the price tag. She even offered to deliever the flowers to the event. If you are planning wedding, I would highly recommend Rosebud East!
<review# 846,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/6/2013,1/2/2014,148,641,3,7,4>I have no idea why I missed this review since the Farmer's Market is one of the first places I visited when I moved to Nashville. Now having said that, sadly I haven't really been to the market, what I mean is that I have not been on a Saturday when it's going full force. I've always been working on Saturday. However you can still get fresh foods for their proper price here and generally it always tastes better than something that's been sitting on a super market shelf. If for no other reason, that is a damn good reason to stop by the Farmer's Market when you're out and about shopping for groceries. You just can't beat quality for price. However it's important to ask if the food is organic and locally sourced because some stalls are not. They only have a few permanent farm stalls on Monday when I've been visiting but the market grounds house other shops and a variety of food counters which are very popular at lunchtime. They've got a good parking situation and I find the market is easy to get to from any place in the city really. You could really make a whole afternoon of this place by shopping at Gardens of Babylon, buying food at the farm stalls and then picnicking at Bicentennial Park which is literally across the street. I personally love this view of down town!I always feel blessed to have a access to a Farmers Market! I'm happy it's here and look forward to it's improvement.
<review# 847,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/23/2013,10/18/2013,31,82,,4,1>This is as good as it gets for a Fair Trade store in Nashville. I can always find something to add to a gift (to bulk it up) or buy a container/basket to put the gift into instead of a gift bag. This place has my favorite coffee beans. There are things in everyone's price range in this store. I usually find the employees don't pay you much attention, which is fine by me because I don't need help. They are also volunteers, not paid employees (if I heard correctly). There are actual useful things in this store, not just random bric-a-brac with crazy designs on it. There are sweet, pretty, artsy, funky, and normal things in here.
<review# 848,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,7/3/2013,10/17/2013,44,207,2,3,3>This is the first time Yelp has led me the wrong way.  It's a fine Mexican restaurant equal to Las Palmas or something of that nature but by no means an almost 5 star Mexican joint.I actually liked the atmosphere.  It's a little gritty and authentic and very open.The service just okay.  No need to go into the details.The drinks were pretty good and they had several specials.The food was uninspiring.  It wasn't bad but it didn't particularly call me in to overeat but maybe that's a good thing?It's fine and I'll leave it at that.
<review# 849,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/28/2013,10/9/2013,34,118,,5,2>I've been eagerly anticipating this bakery, so I was excited to attend the second day of Yeast's "soft opening" this morning after a walk in Shelby Park. Knowing that this weekend was an opportunity to work out some kinks and gauge customer interest, I went into the bakery with an open mind. By the time I got there--around 11:30am--several items had sold out. I was lucky to purchase the last jalapeño sausage kolache and an enormous cinnamon roll to go. My cinnadreams came true when I got extra special scrapings of icing on top of the roll. Yum.The savory kolache was spicy and delicious, with a well-baked crust. Though I'm not usually one for breakfast sweets, the cinnamon roll won me over with its many layers and moist raisins. Let's not forget about the icing bonus.Here's the deal: Iced coffee hasn't been established yet, and the pace of customer service will probably pick up a bit in the weeks to come. I wasn't in a rush this morning, but I'd love to make a quick stop on the way to work soon. For now, I'll just enjoy the leisurely wait and get to know some of my neighbors.
<review# 850,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/21/2013,10/8/2013,44,87,,4,4>MMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMM. MMMMMMMMMMMMMM. MMMMMMMMMM. mmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm.Now I can begin:I went to Etch with a party of 6 others and it was simply glorious. We waiting at a table near the bar while our party was arriving and were quickly greeted and served drinks. As soon as our entire party was there, we were seated. The decor was open and airy, yet elegant. Our server was quite friendly and very well educated on the dishes. He explained each of the appetizers and entrees to us. While this may have been overkill for a party of 2, a party of 7 will have a wide variety of tastes, so I found it to be much appreciated.  One thing to note is that the menu changes every 5 months or so; there may be a review about a dish you'd like to try that won't be there, so check the menu online ahead if you want to know what to expect.For the appetizer course, we agreed we'd love to taste them all, so our party ordered one of each and shared. Every single one shined in its own way, but all were completely mouth wateringly delicious. That Duck Butter was incredible! The Shrimp and Filo was savory and sweet and mmmmmmm those Short Ribs!!! All the dishes had flavors that were well thought out and played together in a super delish way. The Soup. Oh Blessed Blessed Soup. It was a chilled butternut squash soup (the rest of the details leave me as it was not on the menu) but sweet mother that soup was amazing. The men near me polished off their bowls. I found it to be slightly sweet (in a great way, but it was rich) so I gave it a good go, but couldn't eat it all. Meanwhile: Our server continued being amazing.The entrees ordered were the Pork Tenderloin, Lamb Chops, Cobia, Scallops, and the Filet. My order was the filet and good freaking food gods it was delicious. I'm a "steak ruiner" in that I really prefer medium well (I'm trying to get to medium...I am!). This can be challenging while cooking steak, I know. And while my steak was actually completely well done, it was still juicy and had a wonderful taste. It was served with a red wine sauce (hints of chardonnay and bacon...omg), horseradish and celery creamed potatoes, asparagus whips and topped with smoked duck butter. And it made my mouth water with every singe bite. (jealous yet? good. go eat this!)I was far too full for dessert, but several of our party indulged and I had a delicious cup of coffee and let my food settle. The dessert reviews were great so if you have saved room, go for it!Love love love Etch. Fully enjoyed every bite.
<review# 851,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/24/2013,10/7/2013,210,147,3,7,4>Behind the velvet curtain lies one of my favorite cocktails in town, the Revolutionary League (Prairie, lemon, Lillet Rouge, cinnamon syrup, strawberry). So delicious that I typically order two. Mmm...PH is definitely not in my top five for bites, but the Truffled Deviled Eggs ARE superb. For only $7.00, order a Clemens Panini (roasted red pepper, chèvre, arugula). Although, it needed salt, and once added it was just right. (What is it with Nashville establishments being afraid of a little salt?)The barkeep has always been on point, and PH is the first place I ever sampled Fernet Branca, which is very strong, reminding me of Jäger -- a flavor I do not care for at all.The sampling stemmed from a cocktail not listed on the menu, the Tight Rope Walker (gin, lemon, egg white, ginger syrup, simple syrup, cream, Fernet, chocolate bitters, angostura bitters). I swear it tastes like a wonderfully flavored and layered ice cream, with no hint of Fernet as an ingredient, despite it being a very large component of the drink! Um, wow.I do love the vibe of this joint, and never feel it's "out of hand" with the patrons. That said, I would love to see a stronger nod towards the "rules".
<review# 852,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/4/2013,10/6/2013,500,733,,4,4>I love it here!  The big dog park is huge!  Today there were about 20 dogs playing and exercising.  There are benches and picnic tables and doggy poop bags are provided and there's even a water fountain for dogs!  More trees and benches would be great though.  And the small dog park is good too.  There were about 4 or 5 small dogs there but they weren't doing much.  BTW, pitbulls aren't allowed in the park.  I've never seen that posted as a rule at a dog park... I guess, I kind of sympathize with the rule since a lot of people are afraid of pitbulls, but these dogs are large dogs and they need SOMEWHERE to run!  Maybe there can be a third fenced in area for "well-behaved/ non-aggressive" pitbulls and then keep the large dog and small dog areas as is. Overall, this is a really awesome dog park.  I still kind of prefer the Bark Park in Franklin with its perfectly permed grass and agility course for the doggies as opposed to this park which is a lot larger (good), but its not on flat land and they use wood chips instead.  This park is so much closer though.
<review# 853,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/16/2013,10/5/2013,54,150,2,4,4>OMG who doesn't love the wild cow? I am not a vegan or vegetarian (but have been in the past) and love their creative takes on the veggie and protein combos. A lot of things are heavy on the garlic (BUT I LOVE IT) and maybe I'm a pig...but I could use maybe a tiny bit bigger portion size (well not "use" but I could totally stuff my face with...) but honestly my only complaint about the Wild Cow is the awkward waiting situation when all the tables are packed.I've been here a handful of times and haven't eaten anything I didn't like. Service is always friendly and everyone has been willing to explain things (like how does one pronounce "tempeh"? I always get it wrong). If you like garlicky flavors and peanut sauces this might be your place.
<review# 854,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/13/2013,10/4/2013,110,90,3,5,5>Right now I am pondering why I am such a fan of a place that seems to invariably leave me hurting. Every time I head home I am sweaty, out of breath but in extreme awe of this gem of nature we have on the outskirts of Nashville. Not only is it a gorgeous microcosm to revel in, they have areas for all kinds of activities.My visits usual entail an intense trail run. The trails here are really well kept and although they have an easy trail that's only 2.5 miles I like to drive myself on the 4.5 mile trails. Your four-legged friend will enjoy scampering along the paths also. If you have a four legged friend of the equus genus they have Bridle Paths too!Appreciate a wonderful picnic with the family? They have picnic shelters you can reserve at several spots around the park. Want to play some disc golf? Yeah they have that too. This is a great escape that showcases so much of the natural awesomeness that is Middle Tennessee.
<review# 855,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/20/2013,10/3/2013,26,485,3,7,3>I had walked over to Meridee's, walked in and waited for someone, and only then was told that the place was closed.  Well thanks for not locking the door and making me look like an idiot!So I walked across the alley, and found a wide open Frothy Monkey, and it's well-worth the visit.It has the benefits of several other coffee places without their problems.1. It has the dedication to really nice coffee of Barista Parlor without being a bunch of hipster snobs.2. It has the space and porch space of Bongo without being packed every minute it's open.  It's busy quite a bit, but not packed all the darn time.3. It has the New American menu of, say Coffee, Lunch, without being so esoteric that it would scare off a meat and potatoes guy like me.4. It has the good wifi of Starbucks without being the faceless corporation that over-roasts their beans to the point of ash.At this point, it should be clear that this is a really well-done place.  I've been to the FM's at 12South and at Grimey's Too, and this is the best in my estimation.The baristo I talked to was intelligent, well-spoken, had a good working knowledge of pulling shots, and pretty chatty.  Almost perfect.If you can catch this place when it's not super-packed, then you'll have a good experience.
<review# 856,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/28/2013,10/2/2013,24,215,3,4,4>Kay Bob's has come a long way.  My first experience was incredibly negative, I was ticked off.  I have been back several times since then, at first drawn in by great drink deals ($1 yuenglings, $2 drafts, finally growlers.) but later to eat as well.  The food remains high quality and the fact that you can order from Pizza Perfect and have it brought to Kay Bob's while you have high quality beer is a huge plus.  Their sandwiches and platters remain very high quality, but it is always nice to have options.  I am very pleased that Kay Bob's has found their groove.  Great deals on beer, good food, and options.  It is going to join my regular rotation until further notice.
<review# 857,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/26/2012,12/16/2012,51,215,,6,2>We just moved to Nashville and our knives were dull.  Google:  "Nashville Knife Sharpening."  Find this place.  The store itself is kind of an experience - full to the gills with STUFF.  But they pretty much have everything for the home cook.  Just ask where it is - the guys who run the place, a father and son, seem to know every square inch.  The knife sharpening was great.  I had five chef's knives to sharpen.  They charged me $3.50 each.  Dropped them off at about 11am one day, done by 10am the next day.  I'll be back for all my cooking needs - it feels nice to support a local business that is both charming and competent.  :-)
<review# 858,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/11/2012,12/15/2012,6,89,2,3,4>The hubby and I are about to become parents, and last night, after having some maternity photos taken, we stopped by Burger Republic on our way home to try it out. I love that they offer some healthier alternatives than straight ground beef (i.e. ground turkey, chicken, veggie burgers, etc.). While the husband ordered a Hawaiian burger and fries, I opted for the Burger Republic made with ground turkey and a side salad.I'm not much of a burger gal, but I've gotta say I really liked the one I had here. The service was a little slow (they seemed to be slammed with not quite enough servers on duty), but the fries were hot and fresh. (Come on! I'm pregnant, and they smelled good.) My side salad was made with spinach, which was a bonus since I kinda hate iceberg lettuce. Obviously, I can't comment on the beers, but what I saw on the menu looked good.Overall, I'm glad this joint moved into our neck of the woods, and I'm sure we'll be back one night when we have a hankering for a solid burger.
<review# 859,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/17/2012,12/14/2012,9,87,,5,2>I've been to this location several times, but not whilst I've been a Yelp member, so yeah.I've always had good experiences here, nothing I could boldly complain about. The service is always pretty good, nothing exceptional, but the waitresses are friendly and I like the atmosphere...though I could stand for it to be a bit lighter in here.This time I went with my family around 8:30 (they close at 9) and I got their BBQ Chicken Pizza sans everything but the BBQ and the chicken (non-dairy girl here). The food came out pretty quickly (one plus of not having cheese and a bunch of other stuff on pizza) and everyone seemed to enjoy what they got. The BBQ sauce on my pizza had a bit of peppercorn in it so it was a bit 'spicy', but nothing worth chugging a cup of water for. Half of the crust on my pizza was a little black, but I think that must have been the part closer to the fire? Hah. Nevertheless, it was good as far as BBQ chicken pizza goes and I'm looking forward to my leftover slices tomorrow.My grandmother got their Chicken Tortilla soup and it looked yummy; I'm definitely going to have to go back and try it!Oh yeah, and I never got the feeling that the staff was waiting for us to leave (though my grandad did mention something about it, hah), which is nice because even though you want to enjoy your food no matter where you are and what time it is, I do understand that the servers have been on their feet for a while and want to go home (former server here). Props to them for being so cheery!Five stars would require the pizza not being black on one side.
<review# 860,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/29/2012,12/13/2012,75,499,,4,3>I took my two sons to a Vandy game recently, and we had a terrific experience.  For a college, this is a beautiful baseball park!  It is very well staffed with nice folks to help you find your seat.  Parking is basically across the street at the parking deck.  What an easy, turn-key experience this was.This place only seats about 3800, so it's intimate.  We sat between left and center field, and had a great view of the action.  We did not catch a baseball, but this is a nice spot to try.As a funny aside - there appears to be no netting along the first-base line.  We saw several fowl-balls that appeared to leave the park, heading out onto the street!  So don't park along the first-base line.Let me add, I am not a Vandy alumnus.  We are from Atlanta, so Vandy is fairly new to us.  But this is great entertainment, good family fun, affordable, and easy.  Do it!
<review# 861,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/29/2012,12/12/2012,44,367,1,9,3>Some Value Vet experiences may vary by location, but I had a great experience at the one in Bellevue and one last week at the Nolensville location.I brought my cat last Sunday on their walk-in-only day. That means no appointments, and a long wait. However, I work in an emergency room and expected said wait, and I still managed to get out there under two hours. Not too bad.The receptionist was friendly and apologized for the wait, and the vet who took care of my cat was so so so nice. Check-up and two different meds + tax = $65. Not too bad.I understand you want the best for your pet and might not want to take yours to a place with the word "value" in it, but don't knock the place until you try it!
<review# 862,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/4/2012,12/11/2012,116,191,1,6,4>So not everything on the menu is great, in fact some of it is just bad.  BUT, the good is reeeeeallllly goooood and worth a trip to this Nashville institution.If you are looking for a burger, I'd say drive a few blocks down to Rotiers.  I highly recommend on going on a day that offers turkey and dressing, fried chicken or country fried steak (which is the smothered style with delicious beef gravy).  Mac and cheese is basic, mashed potatoes with gravy are awesome and my ultimate favorite side is the baked squash.  Breakfast is also fantastic.  The pancakes are huge, fluffy and buttery with crispy edges.  Country ham is thick sliced with the bone/marrow in tact.  And don't leave without a delicious milkshake or malt!
<review# 863,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/29/2012,12/10/2012,10,306,,8,3>Based on Jason S's strong review, I called Mr. Hardy to get help with a couple of electrical issues - a flickering light in a ceiling fan and a busted bulb stuck in another fan/light combo on the porch.Mr. Hardy happened to have same-day availability and stopped by within an hour after I had called him.He was extremely professional and friendly.Within a couple of hours, Mr. Hardy had fixed both problems -- and he didn't even give me too much grief for bending the light socket in my ham-handed attempts to extricate the broken bulb from the fixture the previous day!I don't have much experience with electricians, but I thought his price seemed fair and his quality seemed top-notch.I would not hesitate to contact Mr. Hardy again if I ever need help with electrical issues down the road or to recommend him to any friends or neighbors looking for a good electrician.
<review# 864,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/6/2012,12/9/2012,9,106,4,3,8>Tennies and faded jeans make me stick out at this mostly fashionistadressedObama victory party in the main Vanderbilt Plaza Hotel ballroom. It wasn't whatit was at the casualdress Cannery Mercy Lounge Obama party four year ago. Adifferent culture and a different time, from the masses to the classes. You knowthe first time is always the best!!! But the Vanderbilt Plaza Hotel has somethinggoing for it as the office home of our environmental leader Al Gore. If its good nufffor Al . . . .  The Vanderbilt Plaza Hotel piano lounge near the ballroom is a primesample of what this hotel is all about. Pianist Bill Ferrari plunks the keys with safevanilla tunes. Waiters are flawlessly uniformed and its scent is one of properupscale southern manners and flora. The victory results are about in and the evening is climaxing at the Plaza. Excuse me while I get another drink and party!!! 4more!!!
<review# 865,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/4/2012,12/8/2012,42,325,,5,3>Watermark was a Great choice and a very memorable meal.Their appetizers & meals are paired with Wines & Champagne, so we opted for the salads and a glass of sparkling wine, the Prosecco Italian white wine was perfect with the Fresh Greens, Nuts & the very light aged sherry and virgin hazelnut oil.Things got even better as our meals were served, the Roasted duck breast over a caramelized red onion, blueberry and bok choy ragout in a summer sangria and fresh berry glaze and the Pan seared Islamorada yellowtail snapper and a half Maine lobster over caramelized fennel, cherry tomatoes and orzo pasta were two wonderful choices.Our server Jane was fantastic and when she offers you deserts, please take time to inquire.  Jane was kind & informative about everything on the menu, the wines and cordials, but she was passionate about the desert menu.  After ordering the Peanut Butter & Jelly, we knew why Jane is so passionate about the sweet finnish.After our fantastic meal we sent our complements to the Chef Bob Waggoner and had to ask about the Pastry Chef, his name is Sam Tucker and the harmony between these two chefs complete one of the most outstanding meals in Nashville, I Sing Your Praise !Thank You Watermark, You Left Your Mark on Me.
<review# 866,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/8/2012,12/7/2012,105,145,2,5,3>I had a client in town last night and wanted to impress him, so I stared the evening off with a visit to the Patterson House - good choice!We got there around a quarter to 6, so the place was mostly empty, except for a few hipsters in 'vintage' clothes. After the customary 10 minute wait, we were shown to our seats at the bar. As our bartendres was apparently in a less than friendly and forthcoming mood, I explained the place to my guest. He was more than suitably impressed with the drink selection and we both opted for one of their whiskey concoctions.As someone who almost never drinks anything other than good bourbon neat, I must say that breaking this tradition at the Patterson House makes it worthwhile. The show the bartenders put on as they carefully mix each ingredient makes the drink itself merely a part of the entire experience.And the cocktails are amazing. Layers of flavor that hit one after another, sip after sip.I have friends here who complain about the price, and maybe for Nashville, they are right, but this place could hold its own in any big city and with prices that those patrons would consider cheap.I loved it the last time I was here, I loved it this time, and I'm sure I'll love it next time I go back.
<review# 867,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/16/2010,1/18/2011,10,306,5,6,4>I have eaten Korean food in New York City, Los Angeles and other major metro areas and I'm amazed and delighted to report that So Gong Dong (SGD) Tofu House may just be my favorite Korean restaurant ever.Service was friendly and welcoming.The banchan (en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ba) were so good that I even asked for second portions on a couple of the dishes (a tofu/scallion dish and one of the kimchi dishes). The (complimentary?) hot barley tea was soothing and comforting.Most importantly, the  kimchi tofu soup was simply delicious with amazing silky tofu and a nice (but not overwhelming) amount of spicyness. The soup comes to the table at a rolling boil and you are given a raw egg to crack into the soup, where it cooks from the residual heat. My wife seemed to enjoy her dol sot bi bim bap, which was accompanied by a sizable bowl of tofu soup enlivened by some giant mushrooms.There was hardly anyone in the restaurant when we ate toward the end of the lunchtime service, but I imagine that the restaurant is much busier around the heart of mealtimes. The decor is pleasant and somewhat upscale (paintings of Korean mountain scenes, nice tables and chairs, a television set tuned to a Korean song-and-dance variety show). The restroom was clean. Parking was easy in the private lot shared with a laundromat next door. (The laundromat has some very interesting signage. One sign is written partially backwards and upside down. Another sign notifies prospective customers that the laundromat is open 25 hours a day. So if you're looking to add an hour to your day, you know where to go...)In conclusion, if it's a cold and rainy day (like today) and you're looking for a hot and spicy pick-me-up with some vigorous and hearty flavors, get thee to SGD Tofu House!
<review# 868,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/29/2010,1/16/2011,148,641,7,8,7>I bought the boy an antique for xmas, this antique is made of foam, you can throw it 80 yards, it's pink and gray. Can you guess what it is? That's right a 1991 original Nerf Turbo football. Of course we had to go out and toss the thing around, and as soon as the snow stopped fallin that's what we did. Bicentennial Mall is not only interesting to look at, but offers open space to throw stuff around. As others have explained, Bicentennial mall offers different out door exhibits, each with different histories etched into the black stones. I myself was quite surprised they started the 'history of Tennessee' more than 6000 years ago. In fact they start a billion years ago! Wow way to be progressive dear Tennessee. There are bell towers, flag towers, a small Greek style out door theater that offers a great view of the capitol building on the hill. It's also right next door to the Farmers Market. Any space that's been set aside as a park, even one that's well groomed like this one, is great in my book. Definitely worth a look.
<review# 869,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/29/2010,1/15/2011,15,96,3,5,5>We went here on a Wednesday night with another couple. Loved the atmosphere- modern yet classy. You walk in and there is a bar to your right and then another eating bar where they cook along with tables to sit. There is another area upstairs for dining. There menu is seasonal so be sure to check out there website to see what they have. We had the braised squid and cured salami as an appetizer. Delicious. For the main course, the other couple had the rabbit and the potato pizza, we had the tri tip and cured ham pizza. I tried them all. All the food is amazing but I admit the my pizza was the best. We did have the lemon pound cake and pannacotta for dessert. The pannacotta was a bit disappointing as the cream cheese taste was strong. I recommend making reservations and go a little early if you have never been there. The building looks like an old brick house and you can barely see the sign from the street. Also, parking is on the street.
<review# 870,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/11/2010,1/14/2011,35,79,5,6,4>Oh good, I'm not the only yelper crazy enough to write a review of a radio station!After living in the radio wasteland that is LA, Lightning 100 is exactly what mamacita needed. They play a pretty darn good mix of old and new stuff, and even some gems for those dark ages known as the 90's. I actually like the DJs (or whatever their PC term is these days), I wouldn't mind winning the tickets they give away, and I really like their themed request days no matter how corny it is. And I love the fact they play local artists and that they must screen them, because it's never any grainy sounding crap. It's badass having a radio station that plays whatever they want, and they aren't too cool to play songs that are unpopular with the indie crowd. My only complaint is the commercials. If I hear one more Tacori/Village Jewelers commercial I'm going to slap someone with a pillowcase full of furbies...sheesh!
<review# 871,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/3/2010,1/13/2011,35,199,3,8,4>Let me start out by saying that I really like Dr. Michele Sonsino - I first visited her when she was located in Franklin, and I started visiting here when she opened up Optique.  She's very personable, very open, and will put you at ease.  She will also answer any questions you have & doesn't try to rush you through the process.Then the frame selection....aaahhhh.  I love my most recent Banana Republic frames that took me nearly an hour to pick out!  And I was able to get new lenses for my Ralph sunglasses I already had.  I tried doing this at Lenscrafters & they wouldn't do it - they said I had to purchase brand new ones from them.  Yeah, right!  I do also appreciate the fact that if you don't have vision insurance, just tell them & they do have a smaller selection of lower-priced frames.  They aren't as cute as all the Kate Spades but they aren't terrible either.  What's funny is that I realize I sound like a frame-snob-designer-name-dropper right now, and I could really care less!  But I love my glasses!
<review# 872,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/17/2010,1/12/2011,69,295,2,7,5>A co-worker told me, a few weeks ago, that I had to try this place. I thought to myself, " I don't drink whisky so what is the point". Me being me, I decided to try it since I happened to be driving by it during lunch. For some odd reason, I'm liking these restaurants with the open window design that allows curtains to flow freely by the breeze. Anyway, I walked in and it felt a little manly inside with a brewery type of feel. I guess there is a first time for everything! I liked how they had maybe a hundred different wiskey bottles decorated on the wall over the bar! Didn't know so many existed! :)Okay, so on to this food thing! I dined at the bar since I was alone (as usual). I had Blackened Blue Wrap which was around $12 with fries. It was really good I might add. It was stuff with veggies, steak strips and a side of blue chesse dipping sauce. The blue chesse tasted homemade and was delicious. You could tell the blue chesse was not processed. I'm curious to try other things on the menu the next time I go back.
<review# 873,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/21/2010,1/11/2011,122,201,6,4,3>Wheelin' and dealin' is the name of the game! You can haggle and bargain with the local vendors to make yourself a deal on some great products. Here's the catch - ask which fruits and vegetables are locally or regionally grown. Otherwise, you'll be buying much of the same genetically modified Dr. Jekyll crap the stores have. Whoo, a four-armed eggplant - scary! I find great deals here too - like a box, yea, think printer paper box full of tomatoes for $5! Guess who's making pasta sauce this weekend?! They also have a wonderful selection of jams and honeys. Money! Then there is the Northside. Oh the , Northside. Fleas are running everywhere. Well, it is a flea market style after all. Lots of random cheap stuff (socks, gadgets, trinkets, widgets). Just like any flea market, except it happens every weekend. We also like to eat in the awesome restaurants here. GREAT for lunch if you work downtown. Jamaicaway, Chicago style Greek food, and Indian fares are awesomenessly great. And, you can also buy 10lbs of turmeric for like $10 at the International Market (store) inside that has a variety of international foods at a very reasonable rate. But, my favorite of this who shebang - hot sauce! Oh yea, inside the Farmer's Market, a vendor has a store that sells hot sauce. Every single kind know to human. Come on baby light my fire...tangent. :) You can spend a good hour+ here if you are serious about food!
<review# 874,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/17/2010,1/10/2011,888,249,2,11,5>As a Nashville local, I'm always looking for a place to put up guests.  Recently, I have put up to two sets of friends at BBB&B.  They absolutely loved it.  They felt the hospitality and facility was excellent.Location-wise, you're not going to get a lot of immediate community amenities since it is in a historic neighborhood; however, a few places are within 8 to 12 blocks.  East Park Community Center has an excellent workout facility and pool and is extremely close.  Five Points nightlife hub is within a reasonable distance.The neighborhood, Historic Edgefield, is absolutely gorgeous!
<review# 875,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/18/2010,1/9/2011,156,282,3,7,3>Drinkhaus is a special little espresso place in the few blocks that make up Germantown.  And I mean little - it's the size of one of many teeny condos that are being bought and sold within the neighborhood.  I've been to Drinkhaus twice now, and both times I've one of maybe two people drinking/eating in the shop.  Their busy time is apparently mid-morning, when all those condo owners stop on their way to work.Today I had the latte of the day - the huckleberry mocha, which was huckleberry and mocha syrups in a very well made espresso drink.  If you're not a dairy-drinker, you'll be pleased to know that Drinkhaus offers soy AND rice milk.  They have a stupendous assortment of syrups - seasonal syrups include peppermint, shortbread, pumpkin spice...There's a complete drink menu on the wall as you enter, but make you sure you read their whole menu which is located on the counter where you order.  You'll miss out on Drinkhaus' other not-to-be-missed items - gelato (supplied by local Bravo Gelato), paletas, paninos (not paninis...), etc.  I had the cheddar and pesto panino, which was very tasty.  I wish there were more savory food items available, but Drinkhaus just isn't that place, and that's ok... All that they do offer is very, very good.
<review# 876,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/6/2010,1/8/2011,193,147,6,7,7>For my 100th review, I had to choose Gaylord Opryland Resort for the simple fact that my husband proposed to me here... and it couldn't have been more perfect! We arrived around 5pm on January 15th (pre-flood) and from the moment we pulled up to valet parking and were greeted with the southern charm & hospitality Nashville is known for, I knew this was going to be a magical evening. Paul had totally surprised me... having planned the whole evening starting with pre-dinner wine at the Falls Bar... we people watched and enjoyed the absolute beauty of this lush atrium hotel and held hands. After enjoying a glass we meandered through the beautifully green walkways, hand in hand... exploring everything from an arcade with Ms. PacMan to boutiques to finding a paddle boat ride (that was closed, unfortunately). You can get lost easily in this amazingly large hotel & resort, but you'll always find something interesting to see & do along your journey. When we arrived at the fountain, just outside Ravello... a delicious Southern Italian restaurant that is reminiscent of a sidewalk cafe in Italy, complete with stringed twinkling lights above and Italian opera music filling the air... it truly transported us to another place. We threw a penny in the fountain & made a wish... mine was about to come true, unbeknown to me. While I won't comment on our lackluster service (the only slightly bad experience this evening)... the food at Ravello is absolutely mouthwatering. They offer a garlic infused marinara dip with foccacia bread that we've tried to replicate, unsuccessfully, many times! It is simply one of the most flavorful things I've ever had the pleasure of putting in my mouth. We didn't even need to order an appetizer, the bread & dip were plentiful (and free).  We paired our entrees of Filet Mignon ($44) & Grilled Lobster ($38) with an amazing Super Tuscan and the food was succulent while the wine was robust. It was a dining experience that was out of this world. After dinner we strolled to a private and secluded waterfall area where Paul got down on one knee and proposed to me. It was beautiful and the kind of perfect only found in romantic films. As soon as I said yes... just to my left, his right, a huge water & light show began, as if perfectly timed to our engagement. I couldn't contain my smiling and kissing (and neither could he)... we walked over just a few feet and snuggled while enjoying this impromptu & delightful show. I was officially engaged to be married to my best friend... a man I've known since I was 15 and have really always loved, I couldn't have been happier or more overcome with emotion. The evening was: Amazing. Perfect. Beautiful. Romantic. Decadent. Sexy. Exciting. Opryland is truly spectacular and a must see on any visit to Nashville. I couldn't have asked for a more perfect setting in which to say "YES".
<review# 877,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/18/2012,8/18/2012,43,89,4,5,4>I really don't know anyone who doesn't like Pied Piper. The food here is always consistent, and if you have an issue they are quick to fix it. This is a very kid friendly diner as they have a train table, books, and other toys for the wee ones to play with. My older son LOVES this place. Breakfast is served all day and so much is made from scratch. The staff is pretty chill and awesome and the decor is great.
<review# 878,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/28/2012,8/17/2012,116,191,7,9,5>This is one of two reasons to visit lower broad (in my opinion...the other being Robert's).  Unfortunately it usually takes an out of town visitor or a huge celebration to get me downtown, but I never fail to have an excellent time at Layla's.  The beer is cheap, the service is friendly, the music is awesome, the crowd is far less douchey some of its neighbors (*cough* the stage *cough*) and on weekends, you can fill up on hot dogs.  The bar is now non-smoking, which is a plus for most.  If you need a nicotine fix, the alley out back is more than accommodating.
<review# 879,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/23/2012,8/16/2012,32,72,11,4,3>I used to be scared of East Nashville...Mad Donna's was my gateway drug.Honestly, I've never been here after about 11am, so I can't speak to their service for the rest of the day, but their breakfast/brunch menu is incredible.Also, it's a lovely place to partake in some morning libations without feeling like an alcoholic. There's a bloody mary bar with all sorts of options. You also have oodles of mimosas, from your normal OJ mimosa to pineapple, grape or black cherry. Or, if you need a big time morning pick me up, how about some 2-for-1 early morning boozy teas? They've got those too!The omelettes are all good, you can't go wrong. Last time around I had the chorizo hash, which was simply...hashalicious. The Captain Crunch-infused french toast is just...well...Mad Donna's, have you been reading my diary?Oh wait...you have house-infused bacon vodka at your bloody mary bar? You HAVE been reading my diary!
<review# 880,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/18/2012,8/15/2012,9,87,,9,3>This is the boutique for the fashionistas that like punkier clothes.The girl and her mom who own the store were both there when I went in with my mom and they were both so incredibly nice to us! They carry a lot of different brands (several of which I've seen in other boutiques), but my favorite one is probably the Pink Patch label by Betsey Johnson; I don't know anywhere other than 'House of Stella' that carries that one.Their sale rack is INSANELY AWESOME, I couldn't believe some of the things that were on there!As far as I know, they are the only boutique in Franklin that carry Jeffrey Campbell shoes (I actually bought a pair here). They sell them for the cheapest that I've seen in person and online.Pretty much everything you see in the store is for sale (except their Mac probably, hah), which I find pretty darn awesome! But really, are you going to buy their bookcase if there's all of that stuff on the shelves and in the drawers? haha.I love the accent colors in here, but the light pink color of the walls is what pretty much every boutique in the Nashville/Brentwood/Franklin area has.Overall, I'm a fan of this store! :)
<review# 881,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/22/2012,8/14/2012,55,189,,6,5>Fresh produce, wonderful baked goods, lots of lunch options, an international market, cool nick-nacks to browse through... this place has everything!One of my favorite things to do on a sunny afternoon is go to the Nashville Farmers Market and just walk around. The prices are fair, everything is fresh and I love being able to score a snow cone while I shop for Soan Papdi and produce. They also offer a night market once a month too.Get off the couch and go spend a Saturday here. It's so much fun.
<review# 882,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/31/2012,8/12/2012,44,217,,9,5>Possibly the most popular yoga place in Nashville, with so many classes available, affording you the flexibility to build fitness into your life.  Hot yoga, is like pilates, targeting the masses interested in shaping the body with exercise and yoga.  Always a good workout.  Satisfaction kills our desires, I just want to be loved.  (random lyrics from class)The new owners refined the space.  Consistent, accessible, and open describe this studio.  They have many subtle improvements in every facet.New rooms, more classes.  Nice Yoga gear and accessories.  More people at check out. If ever a yoga place has an app in Nashville, Hot Yoga would probably claim that honor.  I like the spots of color, and positive words.  It's clean smelling.  I take off one star because:  Becoming busier makes the tight parking lot difficult.  Larger cars park on the street.  I prefer the flow classes at many other studios.  Large classes sometimes too crowded.Overall, It's not really my favorite, and more like a gym membership.  However, way, way better than lifting weights or running on an eliptical.  It's a chance to share your practice with others.
<review# 883,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/13/2012,8/11/2012,194,461,4,5,4>I hate driving to Green Hills.  I rarely do it, it stresses me out, yet I can't leave Hillsboro Animal Hospital.  A new vet even opened up by me but it wasn't going to happen.  They are the best, really.  The entire staff has been extremely friendly.  When my cat passed away they were incredible.  They brought us in immediately, explained everything to me and let me have my time with her.  Furthermore they don't charge you a paw and a leg.  I am now the proud owner of a rescue cat and dog and they have been amazing on both fronts.  The doctors have been direct and accommodating.  When we adopted the dog we were told to put her on a gluten free diet however after talking to our vet he determined that gluten most likely isn't the problem and she really had a skin infection probably from fleas.  We left with shampoo and antibiotics.  We followed his advice and she's since cleared up tremendously.  I seriously can't recommend them enough, if you don't have a vet or are thinking about changing vets, give them a try!
<review# 884,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/4/2012,8/10/2012,108,105,2,14,6>I won't write a long review, detailing every dish I ate at the Catbird Seat. Instead I'll leave you with these photos from my visit: flickr.com/photos/revrevI will, however, answer the most common questions I've been asked upon showing anyone these photos:1. How much was it? It's 100 bucks a person, plus beverage tastings, plus tax and tip. My fiance and I ended up spending 350 between us. 2. Was it worth it?Yes, every god damn penny. There is nothing I hate more than an overpriced meal, but there are few things in this world I would so readily pay for as a truly spectacular meal.3. Were the beverage pairings good?Non-conventional, for sure, but absolutely delicious. I discovered a whole lot of new drinks. I'm not a drink connoisseur by any stretch of the imagination, but I was really impressed.4. Were you full?Yes, very. It doesn't look like a lot of food on each plate, but after 10 courses and drinks I was extremely satisfied.5. Would you go again?If I could afford it, I'd go every damn night of the week.
<review# 885,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/19/2012,8/9/2012,40,166,5,8,5>Can I start by saying that I think it's a little weird to be reviewing a road?We took what will become the first of many Trace trips the other weekend.  Who knew there were so many beautiful places to get away so close to home? We didn't go too far, just to Hoehnwald and back, but that took a whole day since we stopped quite literally every 10 minutes.  We admired views from the lookout points, we read up on Trace history at the points of interest, we hiked, we sat at picnic tables to enjoy snacks and frosty beverages, we took a thousand pictures... Such an awesome day.  Points of interest are well marked, so you really don't have to know what you're looking for to find things to do. We had no agenda besides restaurants we wanted to try, we just started driving and stopped whenever we saw something interesting.Most of the stops were completely empty, so we felt like we had the whole Trace pretty much to ourselves.  You'd see another couple or family every once and a while, but we just made them our photographers so that my stretched arm wasn't in every picture we took when there was a pretty attraction like Jackson Falls. Food wise, we stopped in Leiper's fork at Puckett's for lunch on the way out of town (and spent time wandering around there too) and hit up Papa Boudreaux's in Santa Fe for dinner on the way back. Both excellent stops not too far off the Trace. (See my reviews for details!)Next time we're driving straight out to where we left off and picking back up with our leisurely road trip.
<review# 886,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/25/2012,8/8/2012,66,262,6,9,5>East park is one of the best reasons for living in East Nashville. As a cheap frugal person, I like having fun and staying fit for a low cost. For $3 you can work out in the gym, if you buy a punch card for 10 visits, its only $20, month long pass for the gym $30. Can not beat that price. Bikes! Free Bikes. If you have an ID you can use a bike for up to 4 hours. I took a ride around the hood and all the way to down town. I had a blast! There is a jungle gym for kids to use, a pool (with limited hours) and classes again from $3-$5 per class. If every city in America had a great community gym/park/rental bikes like this and people actually knew about it and used them we probably wouldn't be the fattest country in the world. Get Fit for Cheap! Love East Park.
<review# 887,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/28/2011,9/10/2011,44,367,2,6,3>There's not much to compare to in Nashville, but Play is the best gay bar in town. It's also the best place to dance on the weekends! They recently revamped the drag show area, and they have their own outside area in the back if you're a smoker. The cover can get expensive on the weekends if you're under 21, so try to go on Wednesdays for College Night (free with a school ID) or Thursdays if you're female (Ladies Night free!).
<review# 888,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/15/2011,9/9/2011,85,236,5,3,2>You know what Cool Springs needs?  A restaurant.  What a genius idea to open a new place in the midst of strip mall central. Inspite of a sign that looks like it was drawn by a 7 YO who stole a TGIFridays awning, this place is really quite the standout.  With crazy fast service, reasonable prices and a menu that will please even the most persnickity of kiddies and their tired parents, this place is worth stopping at for lunch.  You can score a good small caesar salad for under $4, your 'own' pizza for $8 (please save some for lunch or have a good weight management plan in place) or hot sandwiches that are generously sized.  Setting this place apart from the mass of other dining options is reasonable prices, solid to very good fare and services that is so freaking fast that there's a reasonable possibility that they are running a meth lab out of the back.  I really hope they aren't though, because I want them to stay in business.  On the minus side is the sad thought that clearly they wouldn't spring for a much needed graphic artist for their ghetto-esque sign and menu and a paucity of desserts.  Overall, go there if only to watch people sprint through cooking at breakneck speeds.
<review# 889,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/19/2011,9/8/2011,6,89,,7,7>My  husband and I went with some friends to use the shooting range here recently. (Don't laugh at our redneck date night!)It was my first time at a gun range, so take my thoughts with a grain of salt. The indoor range, and the cost is $10 per person--fairly reasonable as I understand it. They provide ear and eye protection in the cost.The range itself is downstairs in the basement, and there's a long line of stalls. Personally, I liked that it was indoors, climate controlled, and had easy access. According to our friends, it's less structured than the outdoor range they've been to, but they liked it better for the quickness of the entry and exit process.All in all, it was a good first experience. The employees are extremely friendly, and by the time we left at 9:00 PM, the place was still hopping.
<review# 890,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/25/2011,9/7/2011,123,108,2,3,3>I heart Samurai. It isn't the easiest place to take the whole family, but definitely a great date place. A dear Friend and her Japanese/ American Husband frequented this place and recommended it to me. They had become acquainted with the Sushi Chefs and truly appreciated they are actually Japanese! So many are not, not to say they cannot make sushi, but it is nice to see Japanese people making Japanese food. The service is always great. The sashimi is delicious and their unique rolls are fun to try. I much prefer the lunch menu and seating over dinner, it is a small place. I am guessing that is why people are saying it isnt good for kids? I take my 7 year old Daughter and she always enjoys her Salmon Sashimi and rolls. The wait staff have always been accomodating to us. This is higher (price wise) than some other places in town and I dont often get to come here, but I do enjoy it and will always come back and recommend it to others!
<review# 891,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/15/2011,9/6/2011,99,250,,3,3>Oh Ugly Mugs how I love thee..  Josh and Courtney have been brewing Drew's fine brews (East Nashville roaster extraordinaire) and for me they have become the "Cheers"  of coffee shops.  Seriously, everybody knows your name, what you order, and it's darn awesome to hang out there.   Seating is plentiful, there is free wifi, and plenty of outlets. I am a fan of the Au Lait which you can get with the Drew's brews drip or the pressed Cafe Dumond (New Orleans tradition).  They have fresh bagels and muffins baked by neighborhood artisans, sandwiches, and plenty of other odds and ends.   The kicker for me is that they will give one free refill on your coffee.This is a great spot for casual business meetings, catching up on Emails, people watching, or just hanging out on the couches with whomever else happens in.  Very social, very friendly environment, great outdoor seating, and delicious coffee.  More please.
<review# 892,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/25/2011,9/5/2011,26,485,20,15,6>SNOBS!  YOU'RE ALL SNOBS!!  If the furnishings at $399 Sofa store isn't good enough for you people, go back to Green Hills and buy a Skillington or something.This place was great.  I'm not a type-A personality, but when I buy stuff, I am the kind of guy who you need to get the heck out of the way.  I'd been in before, and had decided with my wife that's what we were going to get a few days later.  It was a great deal; a floor medal bed frame, so we got is for $150.A huge place, much bigger on the inside than it seems.  It has bunches and bunches of sofas, tables, beds, chairs, and anything else you can think of.  Reasonable prices, nice people who are straight with you.The only problem I had was the salesman I had was as dumb as a post, not paying attention to what he was saying.  But I ran into the service manager, and he was as clear as day about what was going on.  He was outstanding.  Salesman: dumb as rocks.  Service manager: on his game.I'll be back: no doubt.
<review# 893,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/10/2011,9/3/2011,16,40,,4,3>I love Yogi's! As far as frozen yogurt is concerned, they get 5 stars.First, the staff are friendly and inviting. They always greet you when you arrive and basically live-up to the Nashville be-friends-with-everyone-you-meet vibe. Second, they have really good yogurt flavors. I had cheesecake the first time which was awesome with fruit and reese's. This last time I had cake batter and red velvet swirl with fruit and brownies. So good.Third, the mix-ins are awesome. I love fresh fruit and they are never short on strawberries, kiwi's, blackberries, etc. Plus, their brownie pieces aren't dried out from hanging out too long. They also keep the area around the mix-ins in really clean. Finally, they have a cool seating area with games. I like that you can hang out in the evenings with your yogurt and play tic-tac-toe or the games they having hanging around. A definite must!
<review# 894,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/10/2011,9/2/2011,42,325,2,17,5>I try never to be late for a good meal.  Knowing that Monell's at the Manor serves lunch until 2:PM and showing up at 1:58 PM, I was expecting to be turned away.  Quite the contrary, I was welcomed and served a lunch with wonderful southern leisure.The very kind gentleman showed me to a table and poured me a big glass of Iced tea, he brought out the Cole Slaw, Cucumber & Onion Salad, Freshly Sliced Home Grown Tomatoes, Fresh from the Garden Green Beans, Mashed Potato's, Corn Bread Dressing and Monell's signature Corn Pudding, like they were waiting for my arrival.  Before my plate was loaded with all these savory salads, vegetables and trimmings, the gentleman introduced himself as D.J. as he delivered the homemade biscuits, cornbread and peach preserves, Wonderful ! But that's not all, I'm no vegetarian.  The Pork Chops, Gravy Smothered Chicken and of course the Skillet Fried Chicken graced the table just in time for me to ask the family seated at the table, where are y'all from and how did you find this Hidden Gem of a restaurant.Of course a Nashville local had told this Reno, NV family where to find a Great Meal and they were really enjoying the Southern Food & Hospitality.My eyes were bigger than my stomach, but, I couldn't help myself and ate all that I had put on my plate.  I can still hear my Grandmother telling me to eat everything on your plate and you can have some Peach Cobbler, and sure enough, the very kind lady at Monell's came by the table and asked if everyone had saved room for homemade Peach Cobbler ?  My reply, Yes Ma'am !I Love Monell's, their Meals, Service and Hospitality take me back to Sunday Dinners around my Grandmothers Table, and the Beautiful 1890's Manor location was brilliant, a great addition to the Monell's growing tradition and popularity.As Always, Thank You Monell's !
<review# 895,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/2/2011,9/1/2011,159,379,3,7,3>In terms of a Pupuseria this place is good eating.If you can imagine an amazing tasting thick corn tortilla with a thin filling of cheese and pork in the middle...you can imagine a pupusa. The flavor of the masa and savory filling was complemented well by the tomato sauce and cabbage slaw. I liked the optional red chile that could eaten with the slaw. Very nice. The tamale was masa with pieces of corn and steamed in a corn shuck but was delightfully sweet without being dessert. There wasn't a savory filling in mine...which was just fine with me! Very good. My dining companions enjoyed a tamale that was also deep fried. A member of my party had the special of the day which included what appeared to be half a chicken that was baked to a crispy finish and had a nice flavor over some incredible rice dish that included veggies. The special also included a bowl of Chicken Soup that was filled with fresh cabbage, carrots, and other veggies in a nice broth. Thanks to Ryan O. for suggesting this place...dadgum it was good.
<review# 896,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/6/2011,8/31/2011,139,429,8,13,6>So I've been meaning to try Sam's sushi bar for months now...but I read the yelp! reviews and I got cold feet.  Luckily, my bf and I finally worked up the courage to visit and now it's one of our very favorite places.  I figure that there are enough reviews on the decor/price/tastiness/demeanor of Sam, so I'm going to provide you with a list of tips of how to visit Sam's sushi bar like a pro.1. Go in and sit down in the chairs by the window.  Wait for Sam to acknowledge you.  Don't rush him and don't hover.2. When he asks what you want, don't order more than two rolls per person.  That will be a giveaway that you're a newbie ("why do you not know how much food to order? I'm making you two rolls.")3. Don't order soup.  Probably shouldn't order salads.  He really likes to focus on the rolls I think.4. Be confident, and memorize what you want before you tell him.  The menu is posted on posterboard on the walls.  5. If he asks if you've been there before, say yes.  Then he'll ask how many times.  Just say something convincing.  6. After you order, get some beverages from the bev fridge and take a seat.  Be patient.7. He'll tell you when your food is ready-enjoy!8. After you finish, clean up your table and take the tray to the counter.  He'll tell you how much you owe him (bf and I usually eat for $13).  Pay in cash.  Don't tip (Japanese custom). 7. He recently changed his hours to stay open until 9pm!Don't be scared of a visit-I think in time, that Sam and I will be friends-even if he doesn't know that just yet.  :)
<review# 897,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/21/2013,12/10/2013,26,485,3,4,4>So I went to  the Loving Pie Company, and I decided it was worth my time to try out the place.  I like good coffee, and I like good pie.The location isn't bad for the Hundred Oaks/Berry Hill area.  Tuck away little bit in Berry Hill, but it's not so frustrating that you'll have a hard time.The staff is actually pretty delightful.  I thought everyone was really nice, were considerate and proactive.  I cannot speak highly enough of them.The coffee was a bit of a problem.  I ordered an iced Americano, and even when they remade it, they complained that it's hard to make good coffee cold, which I don't really buy into, since I can get very excellent Americanos all over Nashville.  The first was barely drinkable, and the second was merely passable, using cold brew, so it wasn't really an Americano, but what're you gonna do?  Their hot coffee drinks are probably better.Then there's the pie.  I ordered a slice of the Coconut Cream, based on the recommendation of the owner.  And, in all honesty, this might have been... the greatest slice of pie I've every had in my life.  Sweet but not so sweet as make your eyes water, creamy, nice coconut flavor, and a wonderful flaky crust.  It's the kind of pie that haunts your dreams.  I was so thoroughly satisfied with the pie that I'll probably never ask anyone to make pie for me again.So, yeah.  The Loving Pie Company is a legitimate hit when it comes to making pies.
<review# 898,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/10/2013,12/9/2013,24,215,3,4,5>Hops and Crafts is now on the short list of places where you are guaranteed to find excellent beer and good people in Nashville.  They stock a wide variety of locally produced excellent beer and offer a relaxed friendly environment to enjoy it.  If you love beer and like down to earth real people  then this is a place that you will love almost instantly.  If not, then please stay away.  More good beer for the rest of us.
<review# 899,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/16/2013,12/8/2013,60,232,2,3,5>Yep, after living here 5 years we finally got to 3rd & Lindsley,  Kicked ourselves all the way home for waiting for long..but hey, we travel for work a lot, we're old, Mad Men was on, I had to wash my hair...w/e.  Crikey, did we enjoy the show!  We got there at 7 for the 9:00 Time Jumpers show.  We ended up sitting with a couple visiting from out of town as the seats were very slim pickings...but that was fine.  The food was bar food...the service was fine considering those servers were working their tuckuses (tuckesi ?) off.  You don't go there for the food anyway, silly.  We didn't starve.  And, dinner for two, 6 beers = $48?  Can't complain.The show...The Time Jumpers were amazing.  Such tight sound and just plain old FUN.  Dawn Sears' voice leaves you with a lump in your throat, seeing Vince Gill in that setting was a real treat, Paul Franklin's steel guitar is like watching magic happen.  It was pure delight.  The venue was better than I expected it to be.  They had us crammed in there pretty good, but that's how it's done.  The restrooms were clean and available (a plus).We had a blast and can't wait to go back.
<review# 900,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/16/2013,12/7/2013,194,461,4,4,4>I love this place. A LOT. Every time my honey bear plays a game in Bicentennial Mall, I head over to Bella Nashville. Side note, he's a vintage base ball player on the Nashville Maroons, and if you haven't already, you need to check out a game.I always get an egg on my pizza. I tried it once, and can't go back. One because now it's a breakfast pizza, and two because it's so delicious to dip your slice into the yolk. The eggs are FRESH! Do it, try it, you won't regret it. Hands down, Bella Nashville is my favorite vendor in the Farmers' Market, and might be my favorite pizza in Nashville. It's definitely in my top two.
<review# 901,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/20/2013,12/6/2013,53,213,27,3,6>I wanted to impress my date who was visiting me from Paris. She had heard a lot of good things about Nashville, and when she said, "Take me to ze most romantique place in your seetee," I thought to myself, "Welp! Only one place comes to mind - K&S!"We dressed elegantly, she in her furs, me in my six piece with stingray leather boots and beaver fur hats, and drove my special 6 HP ebony carriage to K&S. An old watchman spat and waved us in. After spending an hour finding parking, we entered this delectable establishment. "OH GOD! LE SMELL! IT'S LIKE THE OCEAN AND DOW CHEMICAL HAD A DEFORMED BABY!" she cried."Walla," I said, and bowed. Clearly, she was impressed."Let's go to the entertainment section." I took her hand and we sauntered beside the aisles of fresh vegetables that had a briny sea spray smell, past freezers filled with quail eggs, past colorful fruits that smelled of Nemo and Dori, and reached the gladiator section."What this?" my pretty date asked, her big beady eyes fluttering in the thick air. She reached for a delicate lace handkerchief and covered her porcelain nose. "Le mer?""Alexander? Don't know the guy, but here we are, mon cherry.""What this?" she repeated, my painted doll."This is the gladiator ring," I said, with my chest puffed high, proud of my city's attraction. "Technically, an aquarium, but it's the same concept. Man versus animal.""Is fish.""Man versus fish. Only one remains.""I see. But only man remains always. No?""The game is rigged, baby. Do you want fresh fish?""Non! Non!" she said, and daintily picked her giant umbrella skirt and scurried off. Within a few steps we were transported to another place. Japan, to be precise, with aisles and aisles of noodles, sauces, soy products. I pointed to the stripper's cage and told my darling, "See that! Those are enslaved tofus from the lands beyond. See how they dance for us in their ice cages! For them, the land beyond the North was too inhospitable. For them, Winter has come.""So sad.""Nah! They are our slaves now. Would you like a soft one or," I turned to her and stared into those liquid eyes, "a hard one?"Tofu? Yeah?" She turned away in a shy smile.I snapped my fingers and we materialized in the ramen aisle. "What is your preference, my love? Indonesian, Malaysian, Korean, Chinese, Japanese? Name your ramen, and I'll hunt it down from this aisle, chase it down with a hot water lasso, and boil it tender.""Anything vegetarian?" she asked a little hesitantly. I knew the French had twisted and perverse pleasures, but vegetarian ramen? Mon Dieu! But before I could chide her for her demented ways, she reached and pulled a packet out and chirped like a drunk cherub, "It's here! Oh so nice! Meatless ramen."I grabbed her pale hand, and whispered, "Come! I have a secret spot." I whisked her away, across aisles of rice bags from all over the world, across Sriracha and coconut milk displays, across aisles of cheap cookware and fried snacks, and reached the other end of this fascinating universe. "What? what?" she asked, now breathless.There were more refrigerators here, and I gingerly opened one, reached inside and fished out a bag. "Corn?""Maize," I corrected her. "Non-GMO maize, grown in S. America, exported to Korea, and then shipped tout suite to Nashville."She held the packet of rainbow colored maize and twirled it around. "For me?" she asked, her eyes launching a million arrows into my heart. I placed my hand on hers, and said, "For us."And winked.
<review# 902,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/21/2013,12/5/2013,38,58,,4,2>We attended the pre-opening party last night and this place is a winner. You can purchase a card and load with $ amount then scan to the Ipad on the beer wall and pour our choice of brews by the ounce. We sampled the "shareable menu" with great choices for the table. Will definitely go back during Happy Hour 4-7 pm for the $3.95 apps and drink specials. The dates stuffed with goat cheese and wrapped in bacon are FANTASTIC! Another choice when you are in the Gulch to grab a beer or cocktail.
<review# 903,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/2/2013,12/4/2013,29,145,6,5,2>Expectation: Cats galore. Cats on my head, cats on my shoulders, cats trying to escapeReality: a few cats sleeping on assorted cat toys and lots and lots of dog and cat food and toys. Reality was still better than my pre-Cat Shoppe life. The salespeople were very friendly and helpful! Definitely going back!
<review# 904,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/4/2013,12/3/2013,100,45,,11,4>I'm compelled to write a review only because I've read some of these reviews that are completely misleading.  First of all, it is authentic Thai food.  I mean, it's as Thai as you can get.  Like any regional food, everybody's gonna have their own take.  Not every authentic food will taste the same.  But one thing that good Thai food will always have is a balance of sweet, salty, sour, and spicy.  Now, if you THINK they're Laotian, you are completely wrong.  I grew up with Laotian people and ate Laotian food practically my whole life.  Their take on Thai is by having the spice front and center.  There is rarely any sweet or sour in Laotian cuisine, even their take on Thai cuisine is extremely spicy.  That said, I think Thai Phooket is the best Thai restaurant I've tried so far in Nashville.  I've tried a few, but none comes even close to Thai Phooket.  Their chicken larb salad is the best.  They roast their own rice powder, so it tastes so much better than the one I make at home with prepackaged seasoning.  Thanks a lot, Thai Phooket!I also enjoy some of their other dishes, like their red curry chicken, pad thai, papaya salad, etc.  And their vegetable soup is SOOOO DELICIOUS!  I detest tofu and anything soy, but I'll eat the tofu in this vegetable soup.  It's so flavorful, I try to guess what they put in the stock every time I eat it.  Maybe I'll ask for the recipe.  Haha.  They have a really extensive menu, including a red snapper bathed in red chili peppers and a bunch of Thai spices and herbs which I really want to try next time I visit.  MSG is a staple in my family's seasoning (it's right up there with salt) - so I know how it tastes like.  I don't mind it so much, but I have to have MSG in my papaya salad.  The papaya has a bitter after taste because of the lack of MSG, so it doesn't taste completely right to me.  So MSG-haters, you have nothing to fear.  Anyway, this is a good restaurant to explore your palate with Thai cuisine.  Some Asian restaurants may water down their menu for the American palate, but not this one.  Once you're done trying the safe dishes, there are so much more to try.  And everything tastes good.  I can't complain.
<review# 905,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/27/2012,12/2/2013,42,110,5,5,3>Tucked in next to Cummins Station, Nashville is blessed with another fantastic coffee shop.I have to say, i enjoyed a grilled cheese with pesto, and it was one of the best sandwiches I've had in a while.  The cheese and pesto contrasted extremely well, making what I expected to be a simple bite a welcomed surprise.Don't expect to write your next 2,000 word blog post from this location, as it is a bit tight for space.. but, don't take that as a negative, I think it adds to the charm.Friendly staff, that seem genuinely excited to have you stop by.  Give 'em a try.
<review# 906,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/13/2013,12/1/2013,108,86,3,5,3>Peter's Thai & Sushi has been on my list to try for a loooooong time. What does this have to do with Humdingers? By some twist of fate, Peter's was packed and the long wait sent our rumbly tummies searching for an alternative."Humdingers? What's that?" With an adventurous spirit, we decided to check out  this Memphis original on what we discovered later was their opening night.We were greeted at the door by an anxious employee beckoning us to come in from the cold. Don't mind if we do.Here's the breakdown... you've got a choice of soups, salads, tacos, sandwiches and entree plates. The protein options here consist of grilled chicken and fish/shrimp. And then you have a slew of healthy-ish sides that range from grilled asparagus & zucchini (both recommended!) to Black Bean & Corn Salsa. We were told the breadsticks were legit, too, but they'll run you an extra .49/each.So, why the 4-stars instead of 5? I mean, we did enjoy ourselves - especially since they had the crunchy ice pellets that Sonic served in days of yore - BUT an appetizer, 2 fish tacos, an order of rainbow trout washed down with 2 drinks ran us over $30. We felt that was a leetle pricey. Overall though, I'm very pleased to have a healthy, quick option fairly close to my South Nash 'hood.FYI... Fish Fact #13: The tiniest fish is the Stout Infant Fish at a quarter of an inch. (If you're dying for more Fish Facts, they have more on their website: humdingersrestaurant.com)
<review# 907,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/1/2012,11/22/2012,99,212,5,5,2>I've been saving up my 100th review for a few days now, trying to decide who to write about. After my recent visits to Hot Diggity Dog, I can't think of a better establishment to share this milestone with. For starters, all you haters that claim to be from Chicago and doubt the authenticity of this Chicago dog, back the plonk up (That was a euphemism, in case you didn't notice). Chicago dogs CAN have cucumber, although admittedly most of those in Chi-town don't, I've had a few around Wrigleyville that did, and it doesn't get much more authentically Chicago than Wrigleyville. Oh and what the heck is cucumber salt? Methinks you meant celery salt, and I assure you, Hot Diggity Dog's dog has the requisite form of sodium, albeit they are a little light-handed with it; I always ask for extra celery salt on my Chicago dog. Order it and you won't be sorry.Every time I go in, I struggle with deciding between a Chicago dog and a wet Italian beef sandwich loaded with spicy giardiniera that WILL have you reaching for your nearest icy cold beverage. The bun isn't as crusty as I would like, and although they do bring it in from Chicago and it's delicious, once it's been soaked in au jus it is but a matter of time before it begins to disintegrate; usually it will fall apart just as it reaches your mouth, and your mouth closes around air where beefy, spicy, juicy goodness should be. Instead the beefy deliciousness is now scattered around the table below where you were previously shoving it down your gullet. Usually I just give in to gluttony and order both a Chicago dog and an Italian beef sandwich. In a restaurant that is, essentially, only open for lunch, it is amazing to see the staff working together as they do behind the tiny counter at Hot Diggity Dog. Every time I've been in, they have four to five people crammed behind the counter, occupying a space certainly no more than 8 ft by 3 ft. Considering how many people they serve (the line is frequently out the door for the lunch rush) it's darn near amazing there isn't a catastrophic collision back there every day. Take it from a guy who has worked in tiny kitchens with other people; the staff at Hot Diggity Dog dances a ballet, every day of the week. Take that environment into account when you occasionally get some sass from the cashier/owner when you ask 25 questions about a 4 dollar hot dog (not me, a lady who ordered in front of me once). They will eventually remember you if you go often enough, and then the exchanges become fun instead of awkward. In short, if you haven't yet tried Hot Diggity Dog, GO!
<review# 908,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/24/2012,11/21/2012,28,106,4,4,2>This doesn't really need a review. It's a truck that brings you delicious biscuits. Amazing!I've been working my way through the menu for the past few weeks. I first saw the Biscuit Love banner at the Franklin Farmer's Market and decided to give it a try. They were being served out of a Red Pony Catering truck and I'm a big fan of that restaurant, so was optimistic. I don't know if they are officially affiliated or what.My wife (who is obsessed with biscuits) and I decided to try one savory and one sweet to share. We ordered the Princess and the Gertie.Right after placing our order a woman walked up and looked interested. She said, "Hm. Looks interesting. I just saw a lady over there moanin' over some of these so I thought I should come and check it out!"The Princess is hot chicken with honey, pickles, and mustard. It wasn't nearly hot enough for my taste (and to be worthy of the "hot chicken" name), but it was a great combo. The sweetness of the honey is a nice complement to both the spicy chicken and the biscuit. The freshness of the pickle is a nice touch. The Gertie was way too intense. Just before they served it to me, the other customer in line was asking about it. They said, "Oh, here's one right here if you want to see what it's like." The woman replies, "Oh yes. That looks like a GREAT way to die!" It's a single biscuit split in half. On each half is what seems like a quarter cup of homemade peanut butter and on top of that is caramelized banana "jam", some melted Olive and Sinclair chocolate, and crushed pretzel bits. Wow! The first 3 or 4 bites were heavenly. But, I wouldn't order it again unless I had 2 or 3 friends to share it with. It was amazingly rich and delicious, but I could not finish it. I wish they would drop the price a dollar and reduce the quantity of toppings. It would be much better.I also recently noticed that they are joining the Sunday line-up over at Elmington Park off West End. Went back and tried something a little more tame. Ordered the biscuit with blackberry jam and lemon curd. Wow! Now this one is just right. It has just the right amount of tasty topping. The zesty lemon pairs perfectly with the tart and sweet blackberry and buttery biscuit. I will definitely get this one again.Also decided to just try a biscuit plain. They seemed good, but smothered with everything else it was hard to tell for sure. When I ordered it, they said, "You just want it plain? No butter or anything?... Okay. Yikes, that's a lot of pressure." No worries. It's fantastic. I'll probably buy a half dozen plain biscuits the next time I stop by.The prices are a touch high, but it's worth it.The one thing they really need is a much more visible sign. The logo and colors are very cute, but it's difficult to see from a distance. I suggested they get a huge banner with the word "biscuits" to face West End when they are over there on the weekend. I'm guessing this would cause some accidents. I know my wife would swerve off the road without touching the brakes if she knew there was a biscuit truck sitting right there.
<review# 909,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/7/2012,11/20/2012,52,174,2,5,5>Gabby's is a cheap hole in the wall greasy spoon burger dive joint serving food that really outshines its precarious location.  The burgers are exceptional and the sweet potatoes fries are a contender for greatest of all time. The first thing you'll notice is the location is in the middle of nothing. Well off the beaten path, you won't find much around it other than an empty Nashville Sounds stadium. I say empty stadium with reasonable assurance since this place keeps some pretty buster hours so make sure they are open before you plan a visit. The burgers here are my second favorite in town, possibly tied for number one. The buns are from a local bakery and the grass fed beef is sourced from a local middle TN farm.  I usually like my burgers medium rare but the ones here are supposedly served medium well. Even though I usually cringe at that thought since it almost always means a charcoal hockey puck, I've never thought the burger here was overcooked. I usually get the seamus which is a 5oz patty and just the right size for lunch. If you are feeling very Man vs. Food like and want to go balls out, they also offer a "gabby" which is two 5oz patties and they have a whole host of toppings you can add from the "kitchen sink" assortment including a fried egg.  Fatty gonna fat, y'all. For the vegetarians amongst us they have the "Coreen", a black bean, brown rice, and swiss cheese burger. I have to say it was one of the better veggie burgers I've ever had but that might have had something to do with the fact that it is smothered in BBQ sauce. So the burgers are great but what really thrusts this place off the charts are the hand cut sweet potato fries. To be honest, they are more like chunks than fries but whatever, let's not argue semantics. What I really love is the non uniform way they cut the fries here which results in giant chunks of skin forming a crispity crunchity outer shell around the soft cinnamon (and sugar?) dusted potato.  So next level, they are like fries 2.0.
<review# 910,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/21/2012,11/19/2012,0,14,,13,13>I always have a great experience at this liquor store.  The staff is incredibly courteous and helpful, and you can get some decent selections for a reasonable price.  Also -- there's an HG Hill's market next door, so you can get your liquor and mixers (and snacks) in one fell swoop!
<review# 911,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/10/2012,11/18/2012,13,14,,7,3>The chicken is g-o-o-d! My first time eating Gus's and I'm happy. Came tonight for the soft opening and it was packed. The atmosphere was nice and the staff seemed focused on customer satisfaction! I know I'll be back soon!
<review# 912,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/30/2012,11/17/2012,39,30,8,9,4>If I ever go clubbing with my girlfriend, I usually have to drag her out of the house.  She's just not really into the club scene, or at least that's what I thought until I took her to Play.  She actually told me about it.  She had been telling me that we should go to Play for several months.  I was a bit hesitant at first, as I'm a heterosexual male.  I'm not homophobic or anything...I have several gay friends...but the idea of going to a club exclusively for homosexuals didn't really appeal to me that much.  Regardless, I was still curious, so a few weeks ago, my girlfriend and I finally went to Play with a few gay friends.When I walked through the door, I was asked for $20 ($10 cover per person).  "This better either be really good, or the drinks better be dirt cheap," I was thinking.  I typically don't go to clubs with a cover higher than five bucks.  When we got past the front desk and out into the club, I was highly impressed!  The first room had a large stage, several tables, a huge, full-service bar in the back, and quite a bit of standing room in between.  There was also techno/dance music playing.  There was no actual dance floor...yet.  There was another big room that I hadn't been to yet.The other room was just as large, if not larger.  The (quite massive) dance floor was here.  We walked through the dance floor to the back, where there were more seats and a smaller bar.  One of our friends bought us a round of cranberry vodkas.  We then went back to the stage room.I sat down at a table with many questions in my mind.  Why was there a stage here?  Do they have live music?  Do they serve food?  My questions were answered almost instantly.  The friend who bought our drinks then bought us an appetizer of jalapeño poppers.  They were quite tasty.  My girlfriend bought me a beer, and we just sat there for a few minutes, jamming out to the energetic dance music.  Then my other questions were answered.  The DRAG SHOW was announced, as four (or maybe five) beautiful drag queens marched onto the stage.  Now, these drag queens weren't just male cross-dressers with shaved legs and pillows in their shirts.  The only thing that made them male was the fact that they had an invisible penis.  They had breast implants and the whole shebang.  There was no way to tell they were men.  I wouldn't have known if they didn't say anything.  The show began with all the queens dancing and lip-syncing an old Broadway show tune together.  After that, each one had their own little dance routine.  They each did three or four songs.  Some were local to Play, and some were from out of town.  I can't remember their names, but my two favorites were the "Barbie doll" one (a tall, model-esque blonde), and the one with large, red, poofy hair.During the show, I got up and ordered an excellent bloody Mary that's worth noting.  It was less tomatoey and more Worcestershirey than your average Bloody Mary, and if I remember correctly, it was made from scratch, not a mix.  I'll definitely be ordering one next time I go.Anyway, we all left not long after the drag show was over.  It was totally worth the experience.  I had never seen a live drag show before, and after seeing it, I can understand why the cover was so high.  I still think it should have been a bit less (maybe more like $7), which is why I rated this four stars instead of five.  If the cover was $5 or less, it would have easily gotten a five-star rating.  I definitely plan on going back though.  Next time, I'm actually going to dance...I didn't get a chance to actually get on the dance floor.So if you have plenty of spare money to burn one night, burn it on Play.  You won't regret it, even if you're straight like me!
<review# 913,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/20/2012,11/16/2012,33,287,4,4,3>So we were on our way home from Murfressboro. We were hungry, but we hadn't decided where to go. We were taking the Briley exit off 24, and somehow ended up on Thompson Lane (we figured out how pretty quickly, but that's beside the point). So we are driving along and suddenly I see Ginger Thai. The other reviewers are not kidding about it being a little hard to find. The only reason I saw it is because I happened to be looking in the right direction out the window. Suddenly we were glad that we had been going the wrong way. This is not a very big restaurant, but it has a nice atmosphere and is very clean. They were not busy at all. Apparently 4pm on Monday is a great time to go. Who knew? We were seated right away and were immediately given water to drink. There is a lot to choose from; this not a restaurant that just happens to serve a few choice Thai selections. There was stuff I'd never heard of on the menu. My husband decided to try Pho, and I settled on Pad Kee Mow, native Thai hot 'cause I'm good like that. I am of the belief that something is not truly hot until I feel like I've lost all of my taste buds and I'm practically crying while I'm eating it. My verdict (drumroll, please): after MAYBE 8 bites I thought I might have to go eat what comes out of a fire extinguisher. Did I complain? Of course not! I was elated! I ordered Thai tea (which I am addicted to), hoping that would ease the burn. For future reference, it does not. Neither does lettuce. Or sprouts. Definitely not water. Oddly enough, putting sugar on my tongue worked. Thank my husband for that. Now, all that was not to say that my dish was not good. It was very good. It was very hot, but it was hot with a very good flavor. I wish I could have eaten more of it. Don't worry, I brought that mess home. It will be even hotter tomorrow after it has sat in the fridge all night! My husband really enjoyed his Pho. I tried it, and I liked it, but I don't know that I would order it for myself. I'm not big on soup. All in all, a very good experience. I can't wait to try other things and hopefully bump my rating up to five stars!
<review# 914,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/2/2012,11/15/2012,156,282,1,5,2>REALLY excited about the new coffee and inventive food addition to Nashville's scene.  I went in knowing that co-owner Khalil had been involved previously with Fido, so I assumed Coffee, Lunch would be utilizing Bongo Java beans.  Not so, and you  know what?  Blasphemous, I know... I enjoyed Coffee, Lunch's coffee more.  Sorry, Fido. :(  I LOVE the Fido/Bongo Java umbrella, but I think it's Fido's food in particular that I love so much.  I've repeatedly stated it's the most underrated restaurant in Nashville.Anyway, I drank Coffee, Lunch's soy cappuccino, which was just excellent.  For lunch I had the steak and gruyere sandwich, which packed a yummy punch.  This is so unlike anything I would normally order (steak on a sandwich? Not really my thing).  It was great though - on a HOMEMADE hoagie (no sh*t), with arugula and a kind of butternut squash puree on the sandwich.  And an aioli, or mayo-y thing.  It was awesome.  Especially the homemade hoagie bread...And I couldn't leave without sampling something sweet, so I grabbed a chocolate dipped shortbread cookie.  It was wonderful.  The chocolate soufflé in the refrigerated area was tempting, but a little too heavy a dessert for the time of day. Really glad to have tried this place, and look forward to returning. It was a little too cold today to try the cardamom iced coffee special.
<review# 915,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/7/2012,11/14/2012,76,472,,3,3>I got my first (and second and third) pair of cowboy boots here at Boot Country.So the stuff that brings you in the door is the crowds milling around inside, trying on boots, laughing and smiling and kicking their boots up in downtown Nashville.....oh and the Buy 1 Pair Get 2 Pairs Free!  I immediately found several pairs that I absolutely LOVED.   The problem for me is a very high arch (high heel feet!!) so it took a few try ons to find three paids that fit comfortable that I loved equally.  I did though find three...two ladies and one in the mens smaller sizes :)   A black/red pair, a buttery soft tan pair and a solid black pair.  Picture to follow!
<review# 916,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/29/2012,11/13/2012,55,189,3,5,4>The Far Eastland Bowl rocked my face off!A delish mix of grilled tofu, garlic kale, sesame seeds and carrot and daikon slaw all on top of a bed of yummy brown rice and drizzled with peanut sauce. Man, my mouth waters just typing about it. Haha.A visit to this place is a MUST. I know I'll be returning.
<review# 917,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/25/2011,5/14/2011,119,224,4,9,5>Visiting a used car lot is as high on my list of things to do as getting my lady physical - really, really low.But as I was in the market for a year old Honda Civic and they had 2, I made the trip over there and ended up with a reasonably priced new to me car!Stock: Dixie seems to specialize in higher end used cars, I saw a lot of forgein pretty fancy looking things on the lot. The Civics were a little out of place and (I was told) trade-ins for something fancier from the lot. Customer Service: Actually really nice guys. I never felt pressure and when I told them exactly what I wanted they listened to me (unlike the actual Honda dealerships in town trying to convince me to lease, lease, lease) I walked away with less of a payment than I expected and they hand delivered my new floor mats and license plate to my work & even put it on for me.Quality - my car has never had a problem (knock on wood) but cant really say if thats because of them or just a trusty old Honda.Either way I reccomend Dixie for the least sleazy you will ever feel at a used car lot.
<review# 918,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/12/2010,5/13/2011,80,87,2,6,3>This review is long overdue considering my husband and I have been eating here once a week for who knows how long now. This place is by far my favorite Mexican restaurant in Nashville. I think we've tried one of almost everything on the menu and haven't been disappointed. I always end up going back to the Fajitas Hawaiiana (chicken, beef, shrimp, ham and pineapple) without fail because its that good. The staff is extremely friendly and attentive and the food arrives fairly quickly. Another big plus is their margaritas are awesome. Thursdays and Sundays pitchers are $13.99. Great food, great drinks, great service and the price is right. If you haven't tried Tequila's yet you really should!
<review# 919,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/4/2011,5/12/2011,105,145,5,5,5>Only Nashville could have a bar that is ranked as one of the top ten in the US and it have drinks that are just $11 each. Heck a vodka tonic can cost that much in NY.The Patterson House lives up to its designed image as a modern recreation of a 20's drinking establishment. Posh interior hidden from the lobby by a thick velvet curtain, beautiful and tasteful decor, and an exquisite, imaginative and, in the hands of the expert bartenders/mixologists, artful cocktail selection. Each drink is handcrafted with several ingredients and a flair for blending and mixing the flavors. Reading the menu or watching the drinks be mixed are as enjoyable as drinking the cocktails themselves. There is no food there except for appetizerss, and even though they are delicious, they lose 1/2 star for that.The the other drawback of the place is the wait. Its not just that its long. Its that it feels like its planned to be long as that increases the aura of the place. We had a wait for almost an hour the other night, and when we went in, there were 3 other empty booths. I get creating a buzz, but its already there - surely you can seat people quicker?Anyway, other than those two little points, I think it a great place and a bright spot in Nashville.
<review# 920,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/20/2010,5/11/2011,90,83,4,7,3>Omigosh!  Bricktops!  One of my favorite restaurants I don't get to go to nearly enough.I actually found Bricktops by accident one night.  I had a horrible experience at Rumba across the street (I reviewed that place too).  My friends and I walked to Bricktops because none of us had ever been there before.  We were greeted promptly by some very nice girls just inside the front door and they took our name and told us it would be just a couple minutes.  Less than 5 minutes later we were seated.  Within a couple more minutes after sitting down we had drinks in our hands.The servers here, in my experience anyway, know the non-verbal signs for 'ready to order' - which, of course, is closing your menu and laying it on the table.  In other restaurants I've been to in the past - many servers don't get that.  If I have the menu open and I'm looking through it - I'm probably not ready to order  yet.  If its closed and on the table - I'm ready.  Bricktops servers knew the instant we closed our menus we were ready to order and promptly came over to get get our order.I had just a basic cheeseburger - but I read on the appetizers they have this maple glazed brown sugar bacon they put on the deviled eggs.  So, I requested if I could get that put on my burger.  The server was very accommodating and told us that wouldn't be a problem.Once I was able to sink my teeth into my burger - I found out that it was perfectly cooked.  The cheese was melted perfectly onto the meat (I hate it when I have cold, unmelted cheese on my burgers.  Small thing I guess - it just annoys me.  And the bacon.  OMIGOSH!  Splendid is the only word I can come up with at this moment.  The marriage of these tastes was to die for.  The fries were super crispy shoestring fries with some sort of batter on them which was excellent as well.  I have been to bricktops many, many times since my first time - and I'll continue to come back because everything I have had there from the appetizers, to the flatbreads to the entree's and desserts - all were excellent.  The service was superb.  And the prices were low.  I don't think I've ever had to spend more than 20 or 25 dollars in there.  And I can spend that much or more at Chili's or Applebee's - and Bricktops is worlds away from either of those places.  Not to say Chili's or Applebee's is bad - but for the quality of food, the ambiance, the service - I expected to spend more.  Bricktops is worth it for sure.  Oh, and keep a look out for all the monkey paintings all over the restaurant.  They will make you smile or maybe even chuckle.
<review# 921,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/10/2010,5/10/2011,6,89,3,3,3>While Zaxby's will probably always be my first love, Maniac's ranks right up there with the best. I'm a fan of their light breading and interesting sauces. And I love that you can mix and match the breaded tenders with the grilled tenders.I haven't yet had the privilege of trying out the "egg rolls" yet (I'm afraid of keeling over from a heart attack), but I hear they're divine. One of these days, I'll get around to trying them. In the meantime, I'll enjoy the unique ranch sauce, the creamy cole slaw, some well seasoned fries, and a big ol' bite of moist and juicy chicken.
<review# 922,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,4/13/2011,5/9/2011,3,44,11,8,6>Fido has saved me $100's the last few months.  You know how?  They started turning off the wifi.  No more late morning coffee/muffin/McFido/steak scramble, because for those 30-45 minutes I like to be able to check my email.  No more lunch-time table-top meetings over local burgers, either.  What was once a borderline daily ritual has become a rare occurrence.They now turn off the internet during the "busy times".  I've been there for the switchover looking out at the sea of tables packed with lunch-time patrons - none of whom were using the internet.  It was me sitting at one of the bars finishing off my grilled cheese and a Times article.  I've been there when the staff consolidates smaller parties to one table, or asks a guy on a laptop to go sit at the bar.  It makes perfect sense and is completely acceptable.  The new no-holds-barred approach is just ridiculous.But again, at least I have a few hundred extra bucks in my pocket! I think Fido can expect a Thank You card from Starbucks, Frothy Monkey, and Edge Hill Cafe sometime soon.
<review# 923,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,4/15/2011,5/8/2011,99,250,12,5,3>Let me just say before I dive in that I'm um a middle 30's mom of 3 with a full time job and a station wagon.    My idea of a free night out is some nice wine or unique cocktails and unique food I can't make myself at home. Having said that, the Whiskey Kitchen is the EXACT incarnation of one of those bars in a Judd Apataw movie (think 40 year old virgin or Knocked up).   I seriously think if I went there on a Fri or Sat there would be at least one group of gals with edible underwear gag gifts wearing fake veils.  I noticed lots of plastic surgery, some done better than others and enjoyed a lively conversation in the handicap stall next to me of two ladies discussing their upcoming procedures.  I so wanted to peek over the stall and get a look at them but figured they might not appreciate my curiosity.  I was there on  Tues thought  at 9 pm during their happy hour and the place was SLAMMED.  It was impossible to find a table and when we finally found a little space outside,  it was still so loud you had to scream to be heard and there wasn't even live music.It took two hours for me to get service for which I gratefully ate a chili dog at $9.   I'm not bitter, I was so hungry and needed to pay for the glass of wine I seriously had gotten two hours earlier from the bar and get the heck out.  I give this place three stars because I have to think they are doing a good job at being what they are and even though I was semi miserable, it sure was fun people watching.
<review# 924,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/7/2011,5/7/2011,130,90,3,3,6>I never thought I'd become such a hockey fan, but the Preds have turned me into one, and a loud one at that!  Growing up on the sunny West Coast, my peacemaker "make love not war" little self had never experienced hockey and just thought it was a boring bloody game with a puck I couldn't follow.  But after I went to my first game in Nashville, I was hooked.  The games are such a blast!  The fans are crazy yet still friendly and fun to cheer with.  Even if you don't know what's going on, which I don't always know, the fans' reaction will guide you through the game.  The announcer Paul is outstanding--don't forget to "Thank Paul" one minute before each period ends (you'll see).  In true Nashville style, there are always bands playing between periods.  When I went the other night against the Redwings (which we won 3-0 thank you very much), Vince Gill and Alice Cooper were playing on stage together!!  Seriously!  I don't think I could make up that kind of combination.  Center ice are always going to be the better seats, and are still good even in the upper bowl.  If you're lucky enough to score seats close to the ice, it's quite exhilarating!Sign up at nashvillepredators.com and get special ticket prices and promotions.  We got a Black and Blue pack last year that included tickets to 7 games (we got to choose most), plus a t-shirt and cap per ticket holder and food and drink vouchers for not that much.  There are all kinds of ticket packages depending on what you want to spend, or you can of course do single game tickets, which I think they sell 100 for $10 on game day, first come first serve.  The guy I order through is Will Myers and is great.  Go Preds!!
<review# 925,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,12/2/2010,5/6/2011,52,174,1,4,3>Burrito snob here. In my burrito hierarchy, Chile Burrito ranks somewhere above average but not at the top. I like the burritos here. As much as I love tortillas, lately I have taken to cutting them out and opting for burrito bowls to save a few calories. While some places fall short in their burrito bowl offerings, Chile burrito still manages to put together quite a nice meal sans tortillas. Having said that, I've had several of the burritos longside tortillas and these were good.What I really like about Chile Burrito is that after you have constructed your hodgepodge of ingredients, they put the burrito on the grill for a final warm up before serving. I've yet to experience this anywhere else and it makes for a nice touch. Something to note, the salsa here is pure fail. While they do have a pineapple salsa like baja burrito, it is a piss poor imitation. As for the other salsas, in general, they pale in comparison to other salsa's I have experienced. All in all, you don't really come her for the chips and salsa, you come for a cheap tex mex burrito which is slightly better than average.
<review# 926,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/30/2011,5/5/2011,170,180,,3,3>One of the most intimate & hip venues in town. They showcase a variety of local, regional and national talent of all genres. Free shows every Tuesday beginning no later than 8 until close - each band plays 4-5 songs. Good sound, friendly bartenders.
<review# 927,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/26/2012,5/5/2013,301,352,2,10,7>Okay so I am out running errands, I knew I would drop to get a pedicure so I saw this place and figured, hell why not!!I walk in, the place is beautiful, so clean and very feng shui! Relaxed immediately upon entering. I am greeted and they got me in right away. I picked out my nail color and she got to work.Ok, the massage chairs! Heaven on earth here!! They massage the sides of your thighs and are the BEST damn massage chairs I ever sat in, that's right sharper image, you not even come close! LolI did the top of the line pedicure. It was very relaxing, she got my tootsies back to flip flop material. They looked amazing and so soft! While polishing my toes she did a free paraffin wax for my hands. OMG....loved this and they were so soft. Didn't last long though as I wash my hands way to much. :(Pricing was much cheaper then downtown Nashville, $45 for everything I got was outstanding and I will be back and refer people based on that as well.Hands down the best nail salon I been too since 2010! I highly recommend them, I will be back, and check out my photos! They even have a pedicure chair for little girls. How cute is that???
<review# 928,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/5/2012,5/4/2013,111,543,9,6,2>Here's the secret to loving the place. Go right before or right after lunch rush. The food is delicious, plentiful, and the wait is not there. If you go right at 12 you'll hit the doors with a hundred people trying to cram into the place and get stuck behind the "ooh, what is this? I wonder if it's spicy... Jim, do you think this is spicy?" person.Park in the rear of the building and go in the back entrance. It may look like you're walking through the kitchen but it is an entrance and will save you being crashed into by someone doing 80 on West End.I've never ordered anything but the buffet here, so please consider this a buffet review only. I've never left and not been very happy with everything except the amount that I chose to eat. The people are always friendly and prompt with the water an naan deliveries, except from 12-1 when too many people are there. Seriously, even going at 12:30 gives you a great experience.The only thing I'm not a huge fan of there is their salads. Just seems a bit too plain for the flavor explosion that everything else is.Other Indian buffets seem to range from too hot to too dry to flavorless mush, and that's never been my experience at Bombay.
<review# 929,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/18/2013,5/3/2013,243,217,,11,5>I have been to several gyms in my life time but i must admit this one is my all time favorite! The staff is always friendly no matter what time you arrive and that speaks volumes for people like me who come in @ 4am! Equipment stays clean due to staff and the courteous customers who come in, and all there equipment is up to date some i had to ask what the heck it was..lol I love how you can control the TV in front of you while on treadmill. Bathrooms are really nice! Individual showers, plenty of lockers and PLENTY OF SPACE!Planet Fitness has stations where you can do an complete full body workout in 3O Min's, Abs section that has several pieces of equipment that work nothing but your abs and core with detailed instructions on how to use every piece of machinery in there. Really like how the front desk clerks are very knowledgeable on what each workout machine does or at least the two different ones i asked where! This gym has free weights as well as controlled one. There is so much that i didn't mention in this review that you will just have to find out on your on...sorry I'm stingy and don't like to share GREAT THINGS!...Have a black membership so yest I will be returning over and over again!!
<review# 930,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/13/2013,5/2/2013,627,968,12,11,6>I had a long lunch break during my class at the Armory and I thought to myself - Self, I should take you to lunch.  Do you fancy Thai?  And my self said OMG I love Thai.  Let's go!  So I took myself on a solo date to Ginger Thai.Luckily the place was not very busy so I could get seated fast and order.  I started with the Tom Yum Goong soup.  It was hot, spicy, and extremely tasty on a cold snowy day.  For my entree I chose Pad Kro Pow with chicken, medium spice.  It was just enough spice, with really fresh peppers and perfectly cooked chicken.  Served with rice, of course.  I liked it equally as much as my usual Thai place.  There's just something about hot, spicy Thai food.  I could eat it on the daily.  If only this place were a bit closer and less of a pain in the ass to get to from my condo, I'd put it in the regular rotation immediately.The waitress didn't bat an eye that I was alone and made sure everything came out quickly, including the check, but didn't rush me when I sat and read my ipad for a while.  Plus I got to eavesdrop on the two gentlemen sitting beside me which was fun in and of itself.Ambiance was nice, sleek, modern, although the location in a strip mall didn't hint at this type of ambiance.  It is off the main road so use that GPS and get yourself over to Ginger Thai.  I know I will be back again and again!
<review# 931,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/28/2013,5/1/2013,194,461,7,13,8>I am not a runner, I'm actually running challenged. I had the same pair of running shoes from 2007-2012. I also own jazzercise shoes. This can help paint a picture. So when I went in there, I was nervous. I'll be the first to admit it, I saw all the running groups in the Marina District of SF (strike one) and I thought they were incredibly pretentious (strike 2). I passed the store at least 5 times before I got the courage to walk in. So when I finally got the nerve, I was ready for it. I was ready for them to laugh at my cheap, old shoes that I purchased at a discount shoe store and my target exercise shorts. Boy was I wrong. They were friendly, talked me through everything, and made me feel comfortable about giving an expensive pair of shoes a whirl. Part 2, so glad I did, they feel like little pillows strapped to my feet.   I've gotten over my fear of running stores and running for that matter. I partially credit this store for that.  They list all of the local races and stay well stocked. If you need goo, shoes, shirts, sports bras, head gear, etc this is the place for you.  They also organize runs throughout the week and I think hold injury workshops. They encourage runners of all shapes, sizes and speeds to participate in the sport and will help you find a group and race that is right for you.Support local!
<review# 932,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/5/2013,4/29/2013,23,170,4,4,5>Wow, just had an amazing lunch at the Pharmacy!  Had the black bean burger with jalapenos and creme fraiche.  Good beer selection, service was great!  Room is cool, great vibe, bet the in summer it would be cool to hang on the patio!
<review# 933,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/30/2012,4/28/2013,24,215,4,6,4>First off I am not crazy about donuts.  I usually pass them up and rarely get excited event with the "hot fresh now" sign is lit up.  Peace, Love, & Little Donuts changes all of that.  Their donuts are the best I have ever had.  Bacon Maple Glazed donuts, Apple Pie donuts, Samosa donuts, M&M donuts.  They are all fantastic and they stay true to the "little" part of their title, they are about 2/3 the size of a regular donut and that is just fine by me.  The smaller size means you can try multiple donuts without feeling bad about yourself and they just look right in the box.  If you work downtown do your co-workers a favor and pick up a box sometime soon, you will be appreciated and maybe even recieve a raise.  Seriously, go have a donut.
<review# 934,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/3/2013,4/26/2013,8,74,,5,5>Located just a couple of doors down from Grimey's is Grimey's Too.  Its an extension of the original Grimey's store because that store had overgrown its space.  They had several rooms dedicated to music, a few rooms dedicated to books, and a coffee bar from the Frothy Monkey with a patio just outside.  One large room is for their pre-loved cd selection.  It used to be in the Grimey's store but all pre-loved merchandise is now located in Grimey's Too while all new merchandise is in Grimey's. If you plan to trade in your pre-loved  music to Grimey's then Grimey's Too is where you take it now.   In that same room is a large collection of books related to music.  I loved that they had a special section dedicated to just books written by punk icon Henry Rollins.  Sharing that space is a nice selection of music dvd's.  Since I don't play vinyl records, I only popped my head into the rooms that offer those items but I believe they had a couple of rooms containing pre-loved  vinyl records.  If you are a book lover, then this is a cool place for books too.  They have a nice selection of fiction and non-fiction books.  The prices are very reasonable for these pre-loved books and they all seemed in very good condition.  I saw a number of titles that I may eventually purchase in the future.  The Frothy Monkey coffee bar is open all day long from morning to night and I ordered a capucino and it was very good indeed.  I had never been to the Frothy Monkey coffee shop but if this is a sample of their coffee beverages then I will get more in the future.  The staff in the store are very nice and they are all familiar faces for regulars at Grimey's.  The guys working the coffee bar were very young but they were friendly and eager to please.  Needless, to say, I have a new hangout here in Nashville.
<review# 935,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/19/2013,4/25/2013,120,286,3,7,3>Honestly, I wished there was an extra star for this review. Some places just shine above all others, and this is one of those places. If the Smithsonian had a food section (and it should) and there a few menu items from Frothy Monkey that I would put in there.We brought the entire family in on a Saturday Night at dinner time, we were able to order and find a seat and table for all 6 of us...including a high chair. Clearly the word is not out on the Steak and Eggs, or the Artisan Cheese Plate with boiled peanuts (brilliant). The service is top notch, especially considering it's an order at the front and go sit with your number establishment. The service staff clearly CARE about the future of this place and really went out of their way to ensure we had everything we needed.  We even had to send a dish back, and the amazing attitude displayed by all three staff members we interacted with during the "re-fire" was exemplary. Never once did we feel rebuffed, and they took the concern very seriously, and fixed it...with a smileThe espresso alone is worth the trip to Frothy Monkey, but they are far from just an excellent coffee shop. The Frothy Monkey is one of the best restaurants in the Nashville Metro area.
<review# 936,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/7/2013,4/24/2013,217,312,5,13,7>Wow, just wow.I've lived on the West side of town since 2007 - within biking distance of the Warner Parks, and somehow it took until this year to end up at one of these very special nights.  Seen the signs for years, never bothered to look into it. So, we trundled into here, discovering that all we would have had to do was bring a musical instrument with us to receive a righteous discount.  I mean, I have six trombones of various calibers around the house, I could have grabbed one and saved some serious dinero.  Not to mention the guitars strewn all over the place.Anywho, we pulled into a field and parked with our pals.  Waited in line and got a wristband that got us FOUR BEERS!  What?!?  Yes my friends, FOUR BEERS.  And we aren't talking Bud Lite, we are talking Blue Moon, Yazoo, great great seasonal stuff. And there are coolers full of water everywhere.  The night we were there, there were several food vendors, including some BBQ and places that accommodated my sadly vegetarian family for a reasonable price.  And Jeni's Ice Cream was there, which is never a bad thing.While we were there, we bumped into a long-time friend and his daughters, one of our son's classmates and her sisters and family, and a few of my son's teachers.  So cool that a fantastic field in the middle of nowhere turns out to the the nexus of meeting people in West Nashville.So, it was a gorgeous night, perfect weather, and we all had ourselves a wonderful picnic dinner on a blanket in the middle of a field.  I recommend that you bring a good blanket and some nice camp chairs -  they'll really come in handy.  There were little cloisters of musicians playing about, but the most fun I had was running with my 3-year-old son through fields, playing with glow sticks and glow-necklaces, and enjoying a wonderful night with my kids.  There was also a guy that had set up a telescope to let the kids take a look at the heavens.  A magical night indeed.  (FOUR BEERS AN ADULT!!!)
<review# 937,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/22/2011,3/12/2011,409,334,4,10,7>Happy. Hour. Bam.As a grad student who is accustomed to the finer things in life (i.e. my former income stream), I try to seek places that aren't too expensive or aren't too fancy. But once in awhile, you need to splurge. That's how I landed at the 1808 Grille at the Hutton Hotel, where from 4-6 PM each weekday,  people get more than they expect (deserve?). All of the food is half priced, meaning that the $10 burger, covered in delicious sharp white cheddar, a shaved lettuce slaw, tomato and thousand island dressing (with a side of garlic parsley fries included) is five bucks.FIVE BUCKS! And it was literally one of the most phenomenal burgers ever. Toss in a glass of pinot noir for like $6 or 2 for 1 domestic light beers and you've one happy hour. Or two.We came here last week and the food and drink were phenomenal. The only problem was my food took forever to come out (almost an hour), so they comped my food. That just continued my impression of pure service that the Hutton Hotel gave me (when I stayed there a year ago).I will continue to recommend 1808 and their happy hour for a long time!
<review# 938,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/9/2011,3/11/2011,111,543,9,8,11>Warning - there is wildlife there - if you think it's all bunnies and deer, read down - the outdoors is outdoors and occasionally you're going to run into a fox or a snake.  You also might fall down and scrape your knee.  I feel the need to warn people of that since the only people I've ever heard complain about this place (other than parking) complained that they hurt themselves and there wasn't a first aid station 12 feet away, or as a previous reviewer mentioned he ran into a snake.Parking on the East Side is a mess, it's something I tend to avoid when it's nice outside as all the fair-weather walkers loaded 2 to the Ford Expedition go and try and cram into ~25 parking spaces.  If it's nice, I'm only going to that side on a motorcycle (which has 7 spaces you can park out of spaces cars can't use)I honestly think if this place it too wild for you, or too outdoorsy or dangerous for you, you just shouldn't consider hiking off of a paved road (where your chances of getting hit by deer unable to stop increase).As a note, if you're coming up on a bunch of deer, say "hey deer" - make just enough noise to be noticed and keep walking.  If you clam up and stop walking the deer will suspect something is afoot and start wandering off.  I think it's a deer's natural instinct that if someone is addressing it as "Mr Deer" that most likely they're not attempting to hunt it, but if they slow down deer think you're attempting to teach them about your particular spin on an established religious practice.You can see tons of deer about an hour before sunset (which is earlier in Radnor Lake due to the mountains - I'd guess about 25 minutes) and you can scare away snakes and most predatory animals by bringing a partner and talking to them... remember, nature doesn't want to fight you.If you hear a sound like an obnoxious 8-year old screaming in the distance, be aware although it could be, there're some damn screach birds there that sound like it... so either way consider it a beautiful sound of nature and move on without thinking too ill at it.Also, common courtesy if you are out walking and talking on your cell phone, don't tailgate other walkers - just stop for a bit so we don't have to listen to you talk about your toenail fungus and what the doctor prescribed for it and how bad your current shoes are for this particular hike.As for the employees of this place - me and the wife were the last out one day, her tire was flat, I tried to change it but her tools were crap (remedied) and we had to call a tow truck.  One of the park rangers stayed with us until AAA figured out how to get there.  AAA got there, managed to get the bolts off with powertools and some cursing (seriously, bolts would not budge) and the ranger never seemed annoyed.  He was a really cool guy.  Cut to another time we should have been done with 30 minutes to spare except I did something to my ankle and was hopping Grainer Ridge back (it is a lot slower hopping, who would have thunk it) so we were those asses who were there after dark - same guy was there closing up and had been back a couple of times to see if we were out yet, he was very nice and just told me not to hurt myself again.  I would give this man a medal for dealing with people like me.I love this place, have volunteered and moved thousands of pounds of gravel (which sadly got washed away in the flooding) and suggest you do too.
<review# 939,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/2/2010,3/10/2011,126,270,4,9,6>Yin and Yang is Hot & Cold, a new Bongo Java creation. Imagine a place that provided delicious treats like Las Palatas and Jeni's unique and Appalachian infused ice cream/sorbets out of Ohio in addition to coffee confections. This is the place.I stumbled upon Hot & Cold the day after it opened and (wo)man, did they have their act together! The blending of coffee and dessert make Hot & Cold the perfect after dinner hangout. Las Palatas is a Nashville necessity but the array of flavors blew my mind when it came to what Jeni had to offer.From bourbon butter pecan creamy ice cream to the smooth flavor of roasted pear with Riesling sherbert,  Baskin Robbin's 31 flavors can't touch Jeni with a ten foot pole!!! Never before have I sampled such a tempting and sultry essence in a dairy treat!  Next, onto the freshly made waffle cones which could be a fine treat on their own. I was so mystified that I didn't bother to look at the caffeinated options written on their chalkboard painted walls!Hot & Cold is an awesome place but the only reason I didn't give up that final star is the limited seating. I know, I know. Fido is right next door if  you want to sit and study or read but I feel like having enough space to chill facilitates the perfect environment. Nevertheless, I will be back Hot & Cold, next time to try the HOT!
<review# 940,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/4/2010,3/9/2011,105,230,,4,5>My family and I stumbled upon this local treasure after Thanksgiving. You can easily miss it downtown amongst the lights and chaos of the bars. The inside is like walking into an old fashion candy shop and ice cream store... it IS an old fashioned candy shop and ice cream store! Every candy you can imagine, new and old, is in this store as well as homemade ice cream, hand-pulled taffy, fudge, and anything else to satisfy your sweet tooth. The menu also includes brunch and lunch items, but I'll be coming back to try the smores and hand-spun milkshakes :)AWESOME: banana split and hot fudge sundae
<review# 941,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/21/2011,3/8/2011,28,106,4,8,8>Um, wow.This is one of those places that I almost don't even want to write a review for, because I don't want the line to get longer! As others have mentioned, it doesn't look like much from the outside, but inside the place is really nice - hip medium grey walls in one room, deep red in another. It's a converted home with tasteful decor (that ranges from wall-mounted ceramic flowers to a modern painting of Jay-Z).When we drove up, there were only about 4 people standing on the porch, so I thought we got lucky and wouldn't have much of a line. Don't be fooled! There were also a bunch of people waiting inside. After parking behind the house (about a dozen parking spots), we walked up at around 12:15 on a Sunday and they said the wait was about 45 minutes. It was almost exactly that.Before getting seated, we sat out on the stoop and looked over the menu - decided for sure on a Benny (benedict) and either the fish and grits or bananas foster pancakes. By the time we were seated (~1), they were out of the Bennys, so we went with the other two. The fish and grits were the best I've had in Nashville. There is a choice of grilled or blackened tilapia or catfish. We went with the blackened catfish, and the cajun seasoning was fantastic. The grits weren't quite as rich as they are at Prime 108 or Germantown Cafe, but they were good and blended well with the flavorful fish. The bananas foster pancakes were extremely sweet, so if you aren't a fan of sugar overload this isn't for you. I'm glad I split the two dishes with my lady, because there is no way I could have eaten a plate of these on my own. They were the perfect dessert though! Also tried the ginger tea, which was tasty. I'm guessing the fruit tea would be similarly good.As others have mentioned, there is a refreshing diversity of guests in this place (and I don't just mean racial diversity). There were a bunch of 20-somethings (some a bit hipsterish and others in their Sunday best), a few families (one with three generations represented!), and one or two older couples. After only being in Nashville for about a year, it often feels quite segregated and that's one of the only things I really don't like about it. This place helps you forget about that. When we were leaving, our server said we should come back sometime for the jazz nights, spend some time with others from the community. I think we'll do that!
<review# 942,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/13/2010,3/7/2011,107,187,2,8,3>We came here last Friday night with little expectations. I was VERY impressed with the food and the service. Although all of the tapas we chose were fried - we chose only 4 of the 15 on the menu. Our entrees are what wowed us. He had the steak and I had the Striped Bass. My dish was so fresh and so seasonal. The ingredients were spot on and flavors (multiple spices and textures) - melded in my mouth....I commented that with all of the tapas and entrees we went around the world in 2 hours. Our bill is what impressed me the most - 2 bottles of wine, 4 tapas, 3 entrees (all shared) for $74 a couple. Highly recommended.
<review# 943,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/22/2010,3/6/2011,26,67,4,12,6>a friend discovered this place and so we went the other night, and i'm giving this one five stars for a few reasons. i've lived in thailand and have certain foods i love and others i'm not so crazy about, so i was happy to have a new place to check out. it's tucked away off thompson lane, so check the map about where -- it's nice and clean and comfortable, a welcoming little place. ok, the reasons for five stars: first star:  the service. i loved walking in and we were warmly welcomed, because one of the waiters recognized me from the other place he works. then our waitress, whose family owns the restaurant and the grocery next door, was so helpful, making suggestions and telling us the difference between their thai-style options and their laos-style options (since the family is from the eastern issan of thailand, they have both influences). she suggested ginger tea with honey, which is without a doubt the best thing you could have on a cold winter night. the second star: they have khao soy on their menu. this is a noodle dish in a coconut broth that is from the north of thailand, where i spend a lot of time -- it wasn't what i'm used to in chiang rai, but it was still delicious and hit the spot. the third star: when i asked the owner if they had sai ooua, which is a northern thai spicy sausage, she said they did, but it was in her store next door frozen, and she'd be happy to go get some, defrost it and cook it for me if i didn't mind waiting 15 minutes. i decided to pass this time, and next time i'll call ahead or just go buy some and bring it home. they even have two styles of it in the store. what a find!the fourth star: the som tom, or fresh green papaya salad. this was as good as any i've had in thailand, tart and crunchy and we asked for a #1 level (of 5) for spice, and it was plenty spicy for me. super tasty and super authentic.the fifth star: when the waitress came out to bring me chopsticks for my noodles, she explained to our table how thai people eat (a big spoon in the right hand, and fork in the left to push food onto the spoon). chopsticks are only for noodles, but most thai places don't tell people that, and you have people eating their thai food with chopsticks which sort of annoys me, mostly because the spoon method is far better for foods with sauce and broth. my friends all had veggie and tofu curries, all so spicy that i wouldn't even dare to taste it, but they seemed to polish it off. oh, if there was a sixth star, it would be for the dessert! they had a special purple sticky rice with coconut milk treat, with purple and white ice cream on top-- and honestly, i have no idea what the purple was from, but it was fantastic. four people sharing it was just about right. go to ginger thai. it's awesome.
<review# 944,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/31/2010,3/5/2011,194,461,4,8,8>We were super excited when we heard about Bar 308 opening and finally got a chance to stop by last night.  These people are professionals.  You could see their influences right when you walked in.  The cola and rum is just too cool. I like watching them carbonate the mixture.  I also hate dark sodas; well my teeth hate dark sodas, so to be able to drink a cola that doesn't have all that dye in it....I will be back, most def!  Which brings me to the mini meatloaf.  I was dissecting that thing like Tony Bourdain.  So many interesting flavors layered on top of each other.  Mashed potatoes with a steak like sauce on top, a slab of bacon, a meatball that starts with Italian seasoning and then gives you a spicy kick in the end on top of a vodka sauce.  Sounds odd all piled on top of each other but it's not.  I enjoyed each component separately and together.  So the space is nice and open and they have some great colors on the walls.  The owners also went above and beyond to check in with everyone.  I honestly think they are the perfect addition to the neighborhood.  The prices I should say are not cheap.  They are northern city prices in Nashville, think Holland House.
<review# 945,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/7/2010,3/4/2011,63,108,,6,5>So let me preface my review by giving you the situation. We went here for brunch on a Sunday morning before the Titans game. It was the first real cold one of the year... snow flurries, windy and generally not nice out. The game wasn't well attended because of the weather, so I assume this may have affected the amount of people there. That all being said... We got there around 10:30ish and had a minimal wait for our party of 4. I spoke with who I assume was the manager while we waited. He was super friendly. Had a nice conversation about the Titans and just the day in general. We had a nice table in front of the big window wall overlooking the river/stadium/downtown. It was a little cramped with all the people there, but then again just about everyplace is somewhat cramped being 6'4 and 260. The brunch buffet assortment was incredible. Fresh pastries, fruit, cheeses, veggies, pasta salads, lox, biscuits & gravy, eggs benedict, sausage, bacon, prime rib, pesto talapia, hash brown casserole, the list goes on and on. The waitress, who was AWESOME, also offered omelets and eggs cooked to order, waffle specials, and omelet specials. Also had a full bar. I'm told the extra spicy Bloody Mary was great. I think the buffet was around $16 per person, which was worth it for us. I'd definitely go back for brunch anytime, not to mention going back for the regular menu.
<review# 946,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/19/2010,3/3/2011,627,968,7,7,6>I'm always on the hunt for delicious BBQ so when the coworkers suggested Nick's for lunch I forgot all about my Lean Cuisine and told them HELL  YEAH I'm IN!  I really had no idea what to expect when we pulled in.  The place is right at Clarksville Hwy and Rosa Parks just down the road from MetroCenter.  When you walk in there are three windows - one to order, one to stare at the food you are going to get, and one to pick up your food.  Menus are available to look at on the counter and also on the wall.  A room of tables is off to your right - it isn't very many tables but it definitely wasn't packed when we were there so perhaps not a problem?I always get pulled pork since it is my favorite BBQ.  Instead of getting the sandwich, I had to get the pulled pork plate because of the great sounding sides they had.  What sides you ask?  Creamed corn, green beans, turnip greens, mac and cheese, white beans (eww!), apples, mashed potatoes, and others I'm probably leaving out.  OMG what's up with all the sides?  I love it!  I got the creamed corn and the turnip greens.  They also have a three side plate as well as a veggie plate option.  Then you choose regular bread or cornbread.  And a drink - Pepsi products only.  Is Pepsi ok?  To quote some comedian whose name I cannot remember: is Monopoly money ok?  Ugh, they also give you a can with a cup of ice.  I didn't ask if there were refills but you usually don't get them when they serve the can.  Booo!  They put the food on your plate and pass it through the window at the end - kind of like passing it through a jail cell?  Not that I would know.  Ahem.  The first thing I noticed was WOW this is a lot of meat! (TWSS!)  Pork had a good smoky flavor.  Their hot sauce was also really good - definitely trumps Neely's.  The turnip greens came with a little plastic container of vinegar to dump on them if you want...and really, why wouldn't you want?  I thought the turnip greens were almost like home which means delicious!  The creamed corn was lacking something - I think I was expecting the corn to be sweet corn and it was more white corn.  But still pretty solid.  And remember I said - these are very large portions.  I couldn't finish it all and I was stuffed to the max.  So much for productiveness the rest of the day!Overall, I think Nick's is the clear winner of the BBQ options in the MetroCenter area.  I'll be the Duchess in no time!!
<review# 947,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/4/2012,2/6/2013,111,543,2,5,3>Every year when Santageddon strikes and I am forced to come up with uniquely Nashville gifts, one place pops to mind and that's Hatch Show.If you need to summarize Nashville in a frameable object and you're short on time, this is the perfect place to go.If you need to tell a loved one that you gave them a communicable disease, what better way than commissioning a small run of vintage-style posters describing what's in store for your partner's no-nos.Honestly though, I could just go there to watch the Hatch Show Cat sleep. That thing reminds me of the waving lucky cats you see if many Asian restaurants.They also take Amex, which you might think is great for Small Business Saturday, but you'll blow through that many a time with this place... the neatness just keeps coming at you.
<review# 948,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/4/2013,2/5/2013,108,60,2,9,9>First and foremost, this is not your traditional "Residents' Club".  If you're not familiar with the luxurious Westhaven Community, you should know that this elite neighborhood doesn't come equipped with just cute homes and a clubhouse with a pool.  Just off Hwy 96 (a guesstimated 3-mi from Hillsboro Road and 8-mi from Hwy 100), this community is full of world-class amenities, lush landscaping, the convenience of their own little town (a grocery, dentist, health clinic and restaurants just to name a few), a swimming area for residents that resembles a water park, and this incredible Residents' Club featuring an upstairs cinema, a courtyard surrounded by floral gardens and spectacular views of the hills of Williamson County.My husband and I had our wedding ceremony in the back courtyard and the the reception indoors in the main lobby of this 15,000 Sq.Ft. Residents' Club.  Although Westhaven is an impeccable place to host an event, the Club does not offer event planners, staff for your event, party rental items (such as tables, chairs, linens, silver/glassware, etc.)  Keep in mind this, as Westhaven provides the venue, you do the rest.What I loved most about hosting our wedding here was the fact that we didn't need truckloads of seasonal peak flowers, ivy or privacy-by-shrubbery because this facility maintains such an immaculate landscape year-round.  We only needed bouquets, boutonnieres and accent flowers for centerpieces!  Although Westhaven will not "block off" the Club to the residents of the community during an event (which was our one worry), we found that not one person uninvited came on the grounds out of respect.  Our wedding couldn't have been any more perfect and I owe a major thanks to Westhaven for making this possible.
<review# 949,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/13/2012,2/4/2013,42,86,12,12,7>I originally planned on writing a review as soon as my Catbird experience was over, but I was so overwhelmed that I needed to process my thoughts into coherent sentences before posting. I say experience, because Catbird is most definitely not just a restaurant. Getting into Catbird may seem more daunting than breaking into Fort Knox, but it can be done. Once you receive your reservation confirmation and victory dance around the room like an Olympic medalist (just me?), relax - the rest is taken care of. You can read other reviews to hear about the absolutely perfect staff, food, and environment, but I've listed a few tips below for all the lucky bastards who plan on attending: 1. Last I checked, reservations are released every night at midnight for the next 30 days. This will save you the agonizing process of checking each morning at 8 am like I was and finding each day had already been fully booked. 2. Single? No worries. Tons of people come here by themselves and it's no big deal. Or go with a friend, neighbor, coworker, whatever - it's totally worth it.3. Take a cab and have a drink at Patterson House before/after your dinner. The drink pairings with each course in the meal are enough to get you fairly tipsy, but Patterson house is so amazing, why the hell wouldn't you stop in for a visit?4. Ask questions and make conversation throughout the dinner. Talk to the people on your right, left, the chefs, the staff, whomever - the setup is completely perfect for open interactions about food, drinks, or whether or not the Doritos Taco counts as a culinary delight (I say yes). 5. If you're hot-natured, dress accordingly. I get warm when drinking, so I was glad I dressed in layers. The cooking is happening in front of you, so don't show up in a heavy getup. 6. Last but not least - if you didn't go with your better half, make sure you have a hookup buddy on speed dial. This experience is on another level of sexy.
<review# 950,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/28/2012,2/3/2013,627,968,2,8,5>So I met some friends at Table 3 for happy hour.  I've been very interested in going here and I finally got my chance.  I have a feeling I'll be back.First off, they do have some happy hour specials.  $3 select beers, $4 house wine, and the burgers are $5.  Not bad because their burger is pretty big.So I got the house white and was pleased.  We got the flatbread of the day to munch on while waiting for our other friend.  The flatbread had cheese and some sort of sausage on it.  Whatever was on it, that was really delicious flatbread.  Comforting, a bit greasy, but in that good way that you want.So the menu is heavy on the French food which is one of my favorite types of food.  They have escargot, foie gras, Croque Madame, coq au vin on Saturdays, and sweetbreads.  Mmm rich French food.  Since we weren't there for a full on get a $30 entree type of dinner I could only go one way.  I had to get the duck burger.  No, it wasn't on happy hour, but I don't care.  It sounded too good to turn down.So God help me that burger was delicious.  Rich duck turned into a burger, cooked medium, topped off with tomato and Boursin cheese.  The cheese made the rich duck even richer and it was so DECADENT.  I ate every. last. bite.  I licked my fingers.  I was stuffed yet wanted more.  I must have this again...soon.  The fries were skinny fries, nicely crisp on the outside, soft and hot on the inside, and perfectly salted.  These are some DAMN FINE fries.  I want these again too.  If the other things on the menu are as good as this burger then I am going to have to start going here once a week so I can eat my way through the menu.  And I'm going to have to buy bigger pants.  For dessert we shared the creme brulee.  Bigger than the usual creme brulee you get at most restaurants.  The top was perfectly crunchy.  Believe me, none of the dessert was left at the end.  Our waiter was nice and informative but the entire service was a bit slow.  It took a while for entrees to come out, I think perhaps b/c one of the HH goers ordered a burger well done (travesty...travesty...).  But the time to get the creme bruleee and also the check was pretty long.  The place was pretty busy so the kitchen was probably in the weeds but still...if I was paying for a full dinner experience here that would really get on my nerves.  Random note: they have a market on the side that apparently has food to go?  I couldn't tell what was going on but that also piqued my interest.  Must check it out.For the service timing issues, I will give this place four stars for now.  But that burger was a FIVE star burger and I will be back again to try more things on that menu.
<review# 951,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,12/31/2012,2/2/2013,194,461,7,13,3>There were some major ups and downs during our visit.  To start, they'll valet your car but ask that you seat yourself.  I would much rather have a hostess than a valet attendant.  We found a table over in the male dominated corner. Turns out a bunch of fire fighters decided to roll in for beer and shots. There was also another huge group in the back booths. Because of this the kitchen and wait staff were experiencing some major delays.Even so, the wait staff tried to be as attentive as possible. Our waiter even tagged in another server when he became overwhelmed trying to close out the group of 20+.For the good, I ordered the buffalo chicken sliders and they were tasty.  The beer breaded mushrooms were good, but very breaded and a little oily. You get a slider or burger and one side.  My meal cost $7.00.  For that price, I was satisfied.  You should know that you only get two sliders, not three.  We also ordered the fried cheese. You get three large wedges, two of the three were packed with cheese.  My only qualm is that I wish they gave you more than a drizzle of marinara sauce. The beer list is quite extensive and somewhat impressive. The Atwater Vanilla Java Porter was delicious! I also had a Napa Smith Amber Ale.For the weird, customers stole every last one of their bourbon menus. When I asked about the bourbon our waiter said the list was just way too long to recreate from memory (understandable). Because of this I stuck with beer. This was 1. disappointing, they are a bourbon place and 2. totally weird. (Not the waiter's fault)  The management needs to print off another 100 menus, go to Kinko's and laminate it. I don't care if they need to do it every morning, it's an integral component of a diner's experience.  Overall I would go back.  I'm aware that a new restaurant needs to work out the kinks so they are getting a little extra leeway. If they still have these problems six months out I'm not going to be as understanding.
<review# 952,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/14/2012,2/1/2013,10,45,1,16,6>I'm tempted to give this place one star - no, it wasn't bad at all - On the contrary it was great. Bear with me. My companions and I sat at the sushi bar on a Sunday afternoon. They ordered the lunch special with 3 rolls each. That included Miso soup (well prepared, nice and hot), and three rolls. I ordered a seaweed salad, spicy tuna roll, and a dragon roll - all safe places to start at a brand new sushi joint.  We were not disappointed with anything. Our meal started with a small cucumber salad compliments of the sushi chef. While the mayo was a bit overwhelming I thought it was a nice touch to be greeted when the business has a ways to go before they start putting money in their pockets - actually it's a nice touch at any stage in a restaurants' life. The sushi is well executed with fresh fish and quality nori. Nori is important to me because it's a good gauge of the seriousness of the owners. In this case I observed plenty of seriousness. Granted there were more staff than customers but the service was outstanding. Sometimes you may find a new restaurant  with a staff that are not fully trained or may be too shy to speak up and ask how things are - not the case here! I think everyone in the restaurant was genuinely concerned about how our experience was going.Ok, so why would I be tempted to rate them only one star? Because 1. they just opened 2. there are hardly any customers, and 3. they have an ongoing 20% discount during the grand opening! I want to be selfish enough to keep it all to myself because I predict these guys will be packed very soon. I don't want to wait in line for my sushi! Selfish? Yes. Yes it is. On the other hand they have to have customers to stay in business.Understood. Located in an awkward space behind the cracker barrel and waffle house in Mt Juliet I highly recommend Hana Sushi House based on our first visit. I'm so glad Mt Juliet has one more great restaurant to impress this chef.   Folks, this is the real deal.  I've eaten and hundreds of sushi restaurants around the country and I left impressed.Hana Sushi FTW!!
<review# 953,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/26/2012,1/31/2013,210,147,2,4,7>This long-time market is ultra convenient for the days I want to grab a six-pack, and don't want to hassle with traffic madness at the store on the corner of West End.They sell a little o' everything, including toilet paper, so us Sylvan Parker's don't have to trek to Target or Publix during rush hour.Their prices are a little higher than most convenience stores (i.e. $8.99 vs. $9.49), and there's a surcharge for card users if the total is less than $5.00.The staff is super friendly, one can grab the latest editions of various Nashville periodicals, and the store even sells homegrown tomatoes when in season. Yum!
<review# 954,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/16/2012,1/30/2013,35,95,8,13,6>I regularly write a review on Prince's chicken, in hopes to save tourists from a horrible experience.  Now that Hatties's is in West End, there's no reason for tourists to go Prince's and get an A-hole impression of our city.  I've tried the "damn hot" and there's no place for my ego to ever order it again.  If you like to enjoy the taste... of anything ever again, then you should be fine with medium or less.  Don't expect this place to be "fast food" fried chicken.  It's not.  Each order is cooked fresh.  No piece of chicken is ever sitting under a tanning bed before being served.  So patience is required, 20-30 mins; lesser time if you order tenders (I could explain why, but it involves surface area, mass, and Archimedes).  A long wait is normal for Hot Chicken across the board, so don't crucify the staff for the for how long science takes to cook your chicken.  Hattie's gets a five star review for their service, cleanliness, and execution.  Hot chicken generally tastes the same in Nashville; only the locals are gonna notice a major difference.  So if you're gonna experience Hot Chicken, then you should have it somewhere with great service.
<review# 955,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/16/2012,1/29/2013,53,213,13,3,3>Tribe is one of Nashville's few android bars. This is where robots come to hang out after a long day working at the HOMO SAPIENS INC. assembly lines where they build human babies from flesh and blood. It's not an easy task (ever tried filling a heart with blood when it's still beating?) and all androids need some love.Saunter in and  an immaculate android will attest if your memory circuits are valid by scanning your bar code. Once that is done, you can mosey over to the Dexter's Lab where eager roboticists, dressed in just their circuits, will fill you with an amazing selection of libations - engine oil, solder lead, capacitance flux (if that's your thing! eww), and a host of other liquids. Tribe is so cool they even sell that silly intoxicant called BEER that all human adults imbibe in and then find themselves reproducing without will. BEER, of course, stands for Beverage for Emancipated and Emaciated Robots. It was designed to rejuvenate malnourished and poorly soldered robots of Detroit. But when Playboy Unit 453 discovered its titillating side effects, well, the rest is history. And you can drink some of that history in cheap silicon based containers called glass.One corner of this establishment houses two flat cushioned panels on which are scattered many colorful balls. Androids walk around it, brandishing long sticks. (The inside joke is that the length of the stick is proportional to the pleasure unit of the android, but everyone knows that's not true!) For a few pieces of metal, you can shoot these balls into pockets apparently for some sort of subtle gratification. As the night progresses, androids begin to connect to each other and exchange software (and hard..ware), The synchronized collection of sound waves that the humans call music begins to increase in intensity, drowning out any possible conversation. More androids barge in, bringing with them well proportioned female human units and then it gets really wild.When you exit Tribe after a hard night of partying, the memory circuit validating android will normally reset your memory banks. So don't be alarmed if you wake up the next day and wonder where you were the previous night!
<review# 956,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/19/2012,1/28/2013,21,31,6,8,6>Best pizza in Nashville. Period. I was skeptical about a new pizza place opening in the neighborhood since Pizze Real, Castrillo's and Italia already gave the Eastside good local choices for a delicious slice, but then I came to my senses and realized that your neighborhood can never have too many options for pizza. Let's just say that while those other places can hold their own and make a mean pizza, they are merely the opening act for the spectacular headliner, which is Five Points Pizza. Nestled in the heart of Five Points in East Nashville, this unassuming storefront isn't boastful or trendy, but merges beautifully with the feel of this historic stretch of Woodland. Deceptively small from the outside, the inside of the restaurant stretches back and actually has ample seating in booths, tables, or room to belly up to the bar (great locals on tap-Jackalope, Yazoo, and Calfkiller) if you want to get your cold one a little quicker. The staff is extremely friendly and helpful, and the decor is a little rustic and well worn, which lends itself well to the age of the neighborhood and feels like it has been a part of it for years. We tried the sliced meatball, the pepperoni, and of course, the garlic knots. First of all, the garlic knots are phenomenal! Nicely toasted and drizzled with olive oil, fresh garlic, parmesan, and fresh basil on the outside, while still tender and fluffy on the inside. Yum...do not pass these up. As we finished our knots, the pizza was brought to the table. As sad as I was to move on from the garlic knots, our gorgeous pizza was there to console me and make it all better. First bite impressions, perfect thickness of crust--foldable, but still crispy without being cracker-like, and still enough breadiness for some chew and structural integrity to your slice. A great balance of fresh sauce, plenty of cheese, and a generous amount of pepperoni and sliced meatballs. The pepperoni was great, but the sliced meatball was AMAHZING! If you are in the mood for a whole pizza or just a quick slice, I would highly recommend Five Points. Friendly staff, reasonable prices, a great beer selection, and awesome pizza. What more could you ask for?
<review# 957,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/22/2013,2/23/2014,90,129,4,6,3>It's small, it's crowded and it is a little slice of heaven!  I do not know why I have not been here before because this place is phenomenal!!  I went at lunch and it was already packed; however, we got lucky and snagged a good parking place in the small lot.  I had already decided what I wanted before we even arrived - the Seamus with cheddar, bacon and an egg with a side of sweet potato fries.  After a reasonable wait, my name was called and I was whisked away to burger nirvana.  Even though I prefer medium-rare to medium burgers, this medium-well burger was juicy and succulent.  It required multiple napkins (always a good sign) and did not need the requisite mayo, mustard or ketchup.  Literally, I had meat, cheese, bacon and a perfectly fried egg between a soft, squishy bun.  Paradise!  Oh, and the fries!  The sweet potato fries were perfectly fried up and actually tasted like a sweet potato with a delicate smattering of salt on them.  Delish!Another over the top moment was realizing what condiments were available.  Wasabi mayo?  Yes, please.  The sweet potato fries were so yummy dipped in that (don't judge).  I didn't even get around to trying the spicy ketchup because I was a smitten kitten with my new little wasabi friend.I didn't try a milkshake; however, I certainly plan on saving room for one next visit.  Oh yeah, there will definitely be another visit soon.  I am thinking my husband needs to take me here for lunch on Saturday.  I think I  need another Seamus.  If you're there, I'll be the one moaning with pleasure and have a pile of napkins on my table.  Don't interrupt me, I'd hate to have to roll my eyes at you.
<review# 958,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,12/11/2013,2/22/2014,14,105,1,8,4>First and foremost -- The beer is still fantastic as ever.  But going to the brewery itself has lost its luster.  In the good ole' days the tour included a pint glass and was filled up 3x at least (usually again at the end with any extra beer) and cost $7.  Now, the $7 buys you a tiny little sampling "cup" which they barely fill up.  Just disappointing to see such a great brew co decide to cut costs by doing that instead of something else.Also to note -- every time I'm here I feel that the bartenders have better things to do than serve patrons.  There will be a line 20 folks long, with 5 bartenders working behind the counter, and yet ONLY ONE is taking orders and serving drinks.  The others are standing around, pretending to be busy, talking with each other, having side conversations, etc.  Just disappointed to see.  Over the past few years I've been visiting the brewery less and less for fresher beer and instead just buying it in-store so I don't have to deal with ^^^ (all that).
<review# 959,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/28/2014,2/19/2014,194,461,3,13,9>I'm not sure if it's fair to review but I'm doing it anyway. We went on Friday when ramen master Nakamura was in the house. Oh. My. God. It was one of the best meals I've had in Nashville. Hands down, top two. We were offered five courses. They were as follows:1. Edamame and Tsukemono (pickled veggies) paired with a Lovely Rita2. Yellowtail jalapeno sashimi and sushi (a play on a Philly roll) paired with a Riesling3. Kara-age with negi dip (fried Japanese chicken) paired with the Death of Meiji4. Hatsu (chicken heart) and Australian Wagyu short rib with corn on the cob and miso butter paired with a German smoked beer5. Tori Paitan (ramen) paired with sakeHonestly, almost everything was a highlight. If I HAD to pick, I would say for starters the sashimi. Now this is how sashimi is supposed to be cut and taste. Holy moly, I was in heaven. I literally died and woke up in Japan. The fried chicken was fantastic, the miso butter corn was divine and the ramen. Oh my goodness, the ramen. Sorry Otaku, I hope you went and tasted how a broth should be made. It was tasty, not too fatty, and bold. And the pork! it melted in my mouth. I am literally salivating writing this review. Someone please send me a bowl of his ramen! The drink pairings worked as well, no complaints there.As for the decor and atmosphere, the place is slick. They really thought about the concept and made it come to life. I loved the lighting, the tables, the bar, the colors. Can you tell I liked it? Loved it!Based on the first four courses, I have high hopes for the place! I am praying that Chef Nakamura left his ramen secrets for Chef Benefield and crew to replicate.
<review# 960,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/7/2013,2/18/2014,34,115,2,5,2>Okay, as a very huge Johnny cash fan, I FREAKED when I saw this on a trip over the summer. I immediately dropped by. I walked in to a rather small giftshop and looked around a bit. They have everything. Huge collection of shirts, CDS, books and even signed memorabilia and baby onesies you can buy. I walked up and purchased my ticket which was fairly priced and went inside. This collection of his memorabilia is UNBELIEVABLE! Not only do they have all his gold and platinum records, stage outfits, wedding outfit, personal fan club items, etc. but they also have a lot of June Carter's stuff as well. They even had a little heart shaped box of chocolate John wrote a love note on in sharpie on display. The coolest little place I've been to in Nashville. I recommended for anyone who likes Johnny.
<review# 961,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/31/2013,2/17/2014,243,217,1,8,6>Now I'm not from the "Boot"(Louisiana) but my wife is so she is constantly looking for some home style food and by God I think she has finally found a spot! First off I love the setup! it reminds me of the chicken shaqs in the country where everyone went to, to hang out, listen to music and enjoy great food! Nice laid back atmosphere kool people  and great customer service! I personally enjoyed the food and wish we could've stayed longer just to have a few drinks and take it all in..:(Defiantly returning!
<review# 962,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/7/2013,2/16/2014,49,133,1,9,6>I love this place! I've never had a bad meal here.This is their 3rd location. You know they're doing it right :)As usual, I got my Thai Ice Tea. Always a good choice to start. Appetizers: + Tiger Tear Salad: beef was cooked medium well with lemon grass, onions, and served on a bed of lettuce. I got it at level 3 of spiciness and it was perfect! I could still taste the beef flavor with a kick from the chili pepper powder. + Tom Yum Soup: This was the first time I tried Tom Yum Soup. The shrimps and mushrooms were fresh and the broth was delicious! + Fried Tofu: I'm not sure why my friend ordered this because we both aren't vegetarians...It's really bland. They served it with sweet and sour sauce (the one that you eat with egg rolls). Even after dipping the tofu in the sauce, it still tasted bland. Skip this!Entrees:+ Red Curry: the portion at this place is much bigger (2x) than the portion at their original location. It was delicious but I couldn't finish all of it. + Smiling Duck: fried duck was placed on top of a bed of variety of steamed vegatables and brown sauce. The duck was very crispy and yummy! My advise is when they brought it out, eat it right away! It doesn't taste good when it gets cold or good for take-home.Dessert:- Sticky rice with Mango: hot sweet sticky rice seved with Mango and coconut sauce on top...mhmmm so yummy I could eat this all day!Service: everyone has been very nice and helpful. No complaints.Although this place is 15 miles away from my house, I will still be making frequent trips down here. It's worth it! 2013/#85
<review# 963,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/5/2013,2/15/2014,220,423,1,7,7>OK, I was definitely a bit skeptical of this place when I stopped in for a peak a couple months ago, but with a close happy hour buddy nearby, we decided to expand our options and try a new place in the Gulch. Note that their happy hour lasts until 7, not 6 like their menu suggests. Also, there is no girls night specials on Thursdays anymore either. Please update your website! :)But I digress, I called and they told me they offered happy hour until 7, so we stopped in and grabbed a seat at the bar. Our bartender was extremely nice, and there was a lovely selection of cocktails and house wine for $5! Score! They also offered some beer and liquor at discounts as well. I couldn't help but order the cosmo, and not only was it extremely tasty, it was quite strong as well. We also sampled the mojito and Cool Rickey, which was a delicious and refreshing cucumber and gin concoction. Drinks were delicious! We were also torn by the food because it all sounded lovely. We opted for the brussel sprouts, deviled eggs with bacon, and playmate, which was a ahi tuna, jalapeno, and heaven on a cracker. The food was outstanding. I'm talking scrumptious and we tried to be polite when sharing but it was rather difficult. We were also extremely impressed by the significant portions for the discounted $6 appetizer price! It was plenty for two people to share! I definitely didn't expect to be as blown away with the food as I was! We grabbed our cocktails and browsed some of the merchandise nearby, and we were pleasantly surprised that some of the items weren't TOO expensive. And they had some pretty spectacular accessories for a reasonable price!What a great happy hour spot! Great drinks, amazing food, and an outstanding price. I'm bringing the ladies here for a girls night VERY soon and I think I may have found my new favorite happy hour spot!
<review# 964,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/11/2014,2/14/2014,42,110,1,9,7>A little speakeasy-ish spot tucked between Hermitage Ave and the Cumberland River.Crema has a stand set up, and who doesn't love Crema? huh? That's right.The service was precise and very on-the-spot.  My water glass didn't go empty all night.  We had a couple of drinks (including He Who Shall Remain Nameless) and our group tried the shrimp cocktail (which they enjoyed), the cheese curd appetizer, and I had a side of fried potatoes.  Friend with me also mentioned his homestyle mac and cheese was very good as well.The ambiance of the place isn't anything I've experienced in Nashville before.  It was a mix of coffee shop, bar, train station, 70s basement with a couch, and more.  I was blown away by that as much as anything.Bowling is still on the to-do list, and when I have a little extra cash on me, I'll give it another stop.
<review# 965,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/18/2013,2/13/2014,170,180,4,8,4>More space. Same people. Same great food. Only about a block west of the former location, sandwiched between Village Pub and Old Made Good. There are a few added bonuses to this location - there's additional parking across the street. More space inside means more opportunity for creative experiments - Mitchell's now has several types of kombucha on tap to choose from.If you've never been to Mitchell's and don't want to wade through all the Yelp reviews from the old location, my short list of recommendations is: French Dip, Banh Mi, Turkey Bacon Avocado, and Roast Beef & Cheddar. They have a consistent salad bar (try the house made Greek dressing) and a great breakfast hot bar every morning. Still one of my favorite joints in Nashville!
<review# 966,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/14/2013,2/12/2014,110,90,5,7,7>Ok, I quickly have become a fan of this place for happy hour. The service has been good except for my 3rd visit. The shepherds pie is amazing, the only one that I have seen in town with lamb actually in it. Their scotch eggs leave a little be desired but the beer selection and TV's make up for it. Coolest thing about this place is their pour your own beer wall which features locals brews! Highly reccomend to bring some friends here to hang out. Next goal is to swing by during a soccer game.
<review# 967,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/9/2012,6/5/2012,107,187,17,5,5>Dear Publix,We need to talk.  I'm also seeing Belle Meade Kroger.   I really want to make you my exclusive grocery.  You are very nice and your employees are super friendly.  Your butchers are better trained than Kroger but your meat department tends to have a smaller selection.  You are also extremely clean and your aisles are better lit than Kroger.I've got to admit that I only see you when Kroger pisses me off so much I want to make a statement.  The biggest reason we don't see each other regularly is because Kroger's Derby City Chicken Salad.  If you want to go steady, send some spy down the street and steal the recipe.  Trust me, I'm worth it.With all my love, Rahel
<review# 968,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/3/2012,6/4/2012,24,215,,6,4>Dangit, I really don't want to give Which Wich this high of a rating because it is a chain and there are so many good locally owned sandwich shops in the downtown area.  I have to give it to them however, they make a mean sandwich.  Which Wich's whole deal is that you can basically customize your sandwich from a huge selection of choices.  WW stands out with the additions: Peston, olive tapenade, hummus, red peppers, etc. etc.  It is very easy to take a pretty basic sandwich and make it something pretty cool if you play your cards right.  They also have a pretty good selection of veggie options so you veggie friends can join you without any difficulty.  One thing I can't recommend is the salads.  They basically use the same shredded lettuce from the sandwiches and pile sandwich toppings on.  Not something that will make you happy you ordered a salad.  Overall WW is a pretty solid place to pick up a sandwich.  It is a solid step about most other chains although it is also a solid step below some of the quality local joints around.  Good for a quick hit lunch, but nothing that will change your life.
<review# 969,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/8/2012,6/3/2012,51,203,,6,4>I went to Kay Bob's twice in one week, that's how delicious it was. The first time, I had the Scoutmob, but the girl at the register didn't know how to apply it. This led to a lot of confusion, a really long wait, followed by apologies and a note saying I was entitled to another try at the Scoutmob. Most was forgiven when the food ended up being delish, and I really did cash in that Scoutmob the next week anyways.I've tried the Dancing Desiree and the Jasper's Junk, both equally delicious but in different ways. The Dancing is vegetarian with lots of goat cheese and loaded with flavor. Try it with the mango sauce. The flatbread is crispy, the veggies cooked perfectly and the flavors are SO yum. The Jasper comes with a mustardy sauce that makes it grand. I've recently been to Germany, and I must say, this sauerkraut comes close. The sausage is tasty as well. The flavors just blow me away here, such great quality. The sides are okay- I've had the cole slaw and the bean corn salad. Neither as good as the flatbread themselves. The sweet potato chips are good, though.Go here- I don't want this place to go away!
<review# 970,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/20/2012,6/2/2012,50,114,4,5,4>Maybe it's because they were my first sushi place even though that was a DISASTER, but this is still my favorite place and still one of the best in town and consistent in quality.That first attempt, well I was about as ignorant about sushi as they come yet our boss wanted us to take him to Ichiban for Boss' Day so we did, even the two of us that had never had sushi.  We made the mistake of saying we had never had sushi so they suggested an assortment BIG MISTAKE.  Thank goodness the other girl and I had agreed that one of us would order sushi and the other would order something more normal.  The assortment was nigiri with mackerel, tuna, salmon and who knows what else.  All I know is the mackerel nearly did me in and it was a good thing we had the bento box which was wonderful recognizable food.I kept going back with coworkers ordering the bento box trying all the different offerings they had for it.  Eventually I tried a California roll and started eating them.  Then crunchy shrimp and spider rolls.  Finally someone made me try his roll with eel and I liked it though the roll was about twice as big around as the typical maki rolls so it was hard to eat.While I have grown in my taste and acceptance of all kinds of sushi, mackerel nigiri is still NOT in my diet.The ladies here are nice and efficient.  The food isn't cheap but it's seafood, we are in Nashville, and their seafood is always fresh and good.  Everything I have had is good.  The only dish I am not crazy about is the kushikatsu.  I still love the Bento boxes because I can get a taste of everything and they will substitute a roll for one of the two entrees.  Yakiniku is a stir fry of beef and onions in a ginger sauce - wonderful and full of flavor.  And I am a sucker for good tempura and their tempura is some of the best I have had anywhere.  On the bento box you get two tempura shrimp and I would say about six pieces of vegetable tempura.   The bento box comes with two entrees, rice, their version of potato salad, a few pieces of steamed broccoli with mayo, half an orange, miso soup and salad with ginger dressing.  As you probably figure, I like it with the yakiniku and tempura but the negamaki which is a piece of thinly sliced beef rolled around scallions and then grilled and sliced thinly is also very good.  The goyza dumplings are good. and the shougayaki is sort of the pork version of yakiniku.The calamari and fried soft shell crab are also very good as are any of the noodle bowls.  I haven't tried it but they have a curry dish on their lunch menu that I have heard rave reviews about from a coworker.All in all, this is still one of the most consistenly reliable places to get good sushi and Japanese food in the Nashville area.
<review# 971,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/2/2011,6/1/2012,26,485,6,5,3>What the heck am I doing reviewing a gas station?  Have I finally lost my mind?  Truth be told, reviewing a gas station calls for one of two things: a warning for the worst hole ever, or a glowing review of what defines greatness in a place, and Thornton's on Stewart's Ferry Pike is so great, after months of consideration and great experience after great experience, I had the epitome of service, and I can hold back no longer.To begin with, they ALWAYS have good prices: generally not as low as some of the cheaper stuff in hermitage, but still really decent.  Second, they've got a great deal (all Thornton's do) of 89 cents for any fountain drinks, and if you get a Thornton's Card, every sixth soda is free.They advertise clean bathrooms, and they clearly mean it, because the men's room is always in good shape.  On top of that, they have an ATM with no fees. NO FEES!The final cool thing is that you can tell that they care about their customers.  They interact with you, they look out for you, and they go out their way for you.I  love this place.  If you're east of town and you need a good experience, Thornton's will do it for you!EPIC WIN!
<review# 972,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/6/2011,5/31/2012,10,306,4,5,4>My Woodbine Farmers Market haul:- Cherry tomatoes, irresistable pattypan squash (atlanta-restaurantblog.c) and Sugar Baby watermelon (heirloomsolutions.com/im) from Delvin Farms. If you've never had a Sugar Baby, you don't know the heights of glory to which watermelon can ascend.- Amazing spicy mini pecan pie from Pi Pies. (Seriously, these are great pies - light, flaky, just the right balance of spicy and sweet. My wife is not much of a desert eater. It usually takes a lot of effort to convince her to take a single bite of a pie. She matched me bite for bite as we devoured this little pie at dinner in no time flat.)- Boneless turkey breast (tomorrow night's dinner)- Two half gallons of Tennessee milk- A basket of Amish-grown blackberries for $3- A rack of Jonbalaya ribs for $12. The Nashville Scene recently sung the praises of these ribs (nashvillescene.com/bites). I often think the Scene's restaurant reviewers are guilty of puffery, but in this case, I have to agree that Jonbalaya has some of the best ribs in Nashville at an excellent price. We had ribs for lunch, a little bit more for dinner and there are still leftovers in the fridge for tomorrow. For $12. YMMV depending on hunger, appetite and mouths to feed.This market deserves a lot more customers. I know that there are a bunch of Saturday markets, but the quality of the produce, the lack of crowds and the genuine friendliness of every vendor and volunteer I met makes this one of the best farmers markets in the area.Go check it out!PS - The only challenging thing about this market was figuring out where to park. Near as I can figure out, you have to park in the Thompson Lane library parking lot (library.nashville.org/lo) and take a short pleasant walk along a paved trail to get to the market. Some folks had figured out a way to park closer on the grass, but I'm not quite sure how they managed that feat. When I go back, I'll probably just hoof it from the library lot again.PPS - Forgot to mention that I also picked up a tasty iced coffee from a stand called Roast (which I assume is related to the cafe Roast - yelp.com/biz/roast-inc-n). I'm no coffee afficionado, but this seemed like a really good brew and I'm pretty sure it was cold-filtered and sweeted with unicorn tears or something. (I was only half-listening to the explanation as I tried to balance that rack of ribs in one hand and fish cash out of my pocket with the other.)
<review# 973,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/24/2011,5/30/2012,44,367,5,9,4>Mark your calendar for the Nashville Flea Market, which falls on the third weekend of every month. Admission is free, but parking is $5 unless you feel like parking down the street and taking a walk. (I don't recommend that, though.) Most booths here consist of the following:1.) Real vintage finds, from clothing to housewares2.) WTF expired food and beauty care products (Gum, 4/$1! Shampoo, $2!)3.) Hipster booths with overpriced boots you can find cheaper at a few booths down4.) A mix of 1-3I hear there's a lot of tasty food and sweets on the grounds, but I haven't indulged myself (yet). If you're a serious vintage/thrift shoppin' person or just someone who wants to find a few things, I think you'll be satisfied with our flea market because of its size. There really is something for everyone here!
<review# 974,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/3/2012,5/29/2012,139,236,5,7,5>Ah yes.  My former Friday Lunch Lover.  For a good part of a year and a half, my bosses and I would go here EVERY Friday.   We would literally ALL only order 1 thing off of the menu (I have since tried a few different things since then).   But before Darrell Breaux (he is the owner...great guy) made it on Diners, Drive-Ins, and Dives on Food Network this was my local place.   Things to keep in mind.  You don't want to sit down stairs because from my experience the service tends to suffer down there, depending on the time you go obviously.   So if planning on eating at Bro's for lunch it's best to get there at 11 or 1pmish.    If the entire table is intent on ordering something different for each of you...tack on time of staying there MUCH longer for lunch.   If like me you know you are going to order a bowl of LARGE Red Beans and Rice with the best Sweet Tea in town then you are better suited to eat and go, otherwise the experience could become a full on event called "waiting".  Though service has gotten better over the years I will admit.If you take the time to get to know Chad (one of Darrell's sons) you will find his gruff humor hilarious over time.Darrell too has a great sense of humor and loves to come around and ask everyone how their meal is today.   My favorite line he ever said to me was "What do you mean you didn't get onions on your Beans (short for red beans and rice)?   I like my women like I like my onions, because they both make me cry."Prices are great.  Atmosphere is divey, but fun.  I know it's on Charlotte Pike and knife fights are common, but don't worry, this place is only open past 330pm on 1 day every week, Friday, so you don't have to worry about gun shots during the mid part of the day.
<review# 975,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/27/2012,5/28/2012,112,15,5,6,5>I've been back twice since my first review, once for the chicken curry and another time for the shepherds pie.The curry was good but not spicy. I LOVED the peppery jasmine rice. They just added a spicy version of it to their menu this week so I'll try it again.The shepherds pie was the best thing I've had there so far. The way the cheese congeals at the end of its melting phase is so good on top of all the other ingredients. Textural bliss.The only caveat is that a lot of British food looks like a "present" your pet left for you on the carpet... Well, all yummy stuff can't be pretty, so don't be put off by looks when it comes to pub-grub.
<review# 976,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/23/2011,5/27/2012,35,95,10,7,6>After ordering their eggplant dish and their mushroom marsala, it made me think about how easy it could be as vegetarian.  Then I started thinking about the word "vegetarian" and how similar it was to the word "planetarium," and then I thought about what it would be like having a strict diet of eating planets only...  and that's the closest I ever got to becoming a vegetarian.Well that train of thought didn't make sense, but the food at Woodlands does.  Ordinarily I would recommend the lunch buffet because it's such a good deal, but Woodlands really shines during their dinner menu.  Their dosas are delicious, and they do a great job of making their entrees so tasty that you forget about needing meat to make your meal complete (unintentional rhyme).  Service is what you would expect.  The only criticism I have is how dark the restaurant is.  Take it from a Asian who's already self-conscience about his eyes... I don't like squinting at my food in public.  But all in all, it's a great restaurant.
<review# 977,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/2/2011,5/24/2011,111,543,10,3,3>In years gone by I used to be a Q-Zar player, as that's gone now occasionally I go to Laser Quest, which sort of rocks.  The only issues are as far as I can tell there are not enough marshals for when there are a lot of people playing leading to severe cheating, running, potential injuries.It's a pretty neat place as you've got your 30somethings vs trash-talking 15 year olds.  My favorite exchange ever went between a kid and someone at a bachelor party:15yo "So you won the last game?  You suck, you are so going to lose this time old man""Yeah, it's possible I'll score lower than you.  And after you've won this game of laser tag I will stroll out of here, get on my Harley, ride home where I will change and head to a bachelor party, followed by a strip club and then coming home to my beautiful wife."slack jawThat memory will forever be my memory of Laser Quest
<review# 978,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/14/2010,5/23/2011,81,46,4,3,5>OK, this comedy club is no joke (no pun intended).  Without a doubt I have never been displeased with an evening out here.  I've probably been at least a half dozen times and every time it's been Ha-larious!  Some of the local acts can be a little rough around the edges, but that's to be expected.  The food is your standard bar food, and be prepared adhere to the 2 item minimum. Usually that's not  problem because alcohol and comedy go together like Spaghetti & Meatballs or Macaroni & Cheese  or Peanut Butter & Jelly (you get the picture).  Alright, I've got to stop writing non food reviews during lunch time because and all i can do is think about food.  SEACREST OUT!
<review# 979,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/22/2011,5/22/2011,107,187,4,3,7>Dear Porta Via, I have driven past you for a year now but honestly thought you were a take-out pizza joint. But, thanks to the rude phone conversation with Caffe Nona (your neighborhood competitor), I decided to give you a try based on a friend's recommendation. You were cozy and inviting. You were busy but friendly. Your authentic Italian roots really showed. Your service was impeccable. Your salad was fresh and homemade Caesar anchovy dressing with soft bread was delicious. The Mahi-Mahi was tasty and the pasta's freshness was obvious. Everyone really enjoyed their meal. I appreciate that I could bring my own wine; although your wine list was reasonable for everyday drinking. My entire bill for 3 people with salad, entrees, dessert and a $15 corkage fee was $86.....extremely reasonable. Thanks for a wonderful night, Porta Via. I look forward to our next date together! Love, Rahel
<review# 980,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/11/2010,5/21/2011,26,67,3,3,4>i've been procrastinating in writing this review, because i'm torn. on the one hand, watching this place be renovated and experiencing the buzz in the neighborhood for the opening of a high quality bar and restaurant on the "wrong" side of gallatin made me really want to love it. and when i moved within walking distance, making me want to love it even more. my first visit, i dropped in late with a friend for a cocktail and bar snack. i couldn't recall the name of the drink i had if i were walking the plank and my life depended on it, but i am sure it was a version of a classic cocktail, since that's what i like. maybe a martini, or a manhattan, or something simple made from gin. my friend had another cocktail and as i recalled, we had radishes with butter and fries with three ketchups for a snack. what i do remember clearly is that we waited for our drinks, since they are painstakingly made with drops of house made bitters and special measurements, and an intense kind of attention. as a former bartender, i appreciate that. this is not a fast-food cocktail place. and i remember that they were tasty. and expensive. i think it cost me 30 bucks for two drinks and a light snack, and that seemed a tad steep.the next time, we went for dinner, and were very disappointed with the service. there's a sense of disorder to the staff there somehow, like they are juuuuust a little bit overworked and juuuuuust a little bit over it.  i had the fish and chips, and it was nothing memorable. my friend had the meesterburger, a very high quality burger, which it should be for 14 bucks. come on, the eastland cafe's burger is as good or better, and it's 10.50. 14 bucks is a lot for a burger. especially when you need to ask the waiter three times if you could please have more ketchup and a water refill.then i found out they are open for sunday brunch and we tried that this week. it was crowded, and they'd had a last-minute huge party in the back room, but we were able to sit at the bar. i like sitting at the bar, but the poor bartender was barely able to keep up with sunday brunch service and playing waiter. he did his best, and at least we weren't in a hurry. we both had the crab benedict dish with asparagus, and i must say, wow, those eggs are awesome, with rich orange yolks and a taste so full that i'm mentioning them before the hollandaise sauce, which was also delicious. the coffee was good, and there were $4 mimosas, which were made with Cook's champagne (i would have thought they'd find a better tasting cheap champagne to use). we didn't order a second one. oh, and they had a live pianist playing scott joplin. ouch. not a fan at all of that.the decor is, to me, still looking incomplete and a little raw, but the big windows in the front are great, and i love that they've closed in the front patio for outside seating. i'll go back, but probably for a solo sunday brunch where i can stroll over and sit at the bar and read, or when we have a larger group. they do have happy hour specials, and after 10, i see that their late-night food menu is half price -- and honest, i think that most of my grumbling would go away if the prices were lower. high prices give me high expectations. all in all, it's a great addition to the neighborhood, and all of the elements and intentions for a great local place for regulars are there. i'm thinking that as time goes on, it will feel more familiar, and i'll grow to love it. i hope.
<review# 981,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/12/2010,5/20/2011,194,461,3,5,7>I figured for my 150th review I needed to review something I really love.  Mitchell's Deli is perfect.  1. They use and sell Benton's bacon.  Automatic 5 stars.  2. They are in Riverside Village.  3. They use other local ingredients  Another automatic 5 stars.4. Their sandwiches are perfect to go, especially if you throw them in the car and drive them to Arrington Vineyards!  Mitchell's is worth the drive and never, ever a bad idea.
<review# 982,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/1/2011,5/19/2011,63,108,1,8,3>I need to try the pho here. I hear it's good from my Korean and Laotian friends. The problem is... I like the Cajun Boils so much that I only ever get that. I like to get the black tiger shrimp, mussels or crab legs. All are great with their boils. They have a choice of 1 thru 5 in spiciness. I usually go with 3 so I can enjoy the seafood without too much heat distracting me from the other tastes. They also offer white shrimp, blue crab and crawfish, but say any seafood can be boiled in the Cajun seasoning if you'd like. Also, all the shrimp are peeled and de-veined already. If you need to feed a small group, they offer a V&V seafood platter that gives you 1lb of white shrimp, 1lb of snow crab, 2lbs of mussels and 2lbs of crawfish for $39.99! Perfect for the Super Bowl coming up! They have a full Po Boy sandwich offering, along with other fried fish platters. They also have Pad Thai, fried rice, lo mein, lard na and crispy noodles. I'd like to try them all, but I can't seem to get past the boils!
<review# 983,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/16/2010,5/18/2011,627,968,7,7,6>When the boss wants to take everyone with December birthdays out for a birthday lunch, you get in your car and go!  And since Germantown Cafe is nearby, that's the place that was chosen.  Yay, another new place!We were seated immediately - probably because we got there at 11AM.  (When we left at around noon there were people standing around waiting so it does get busy.)  The atmosphere was bright and airy with lots of windows to look at the Nashville skyline.After much deliberation and thought I decided on the French onion soup and the crab cake sandwich.  The soup was the soupa star, if you will, of the show!  The cheese was baked so it completely baked over the top of the bowl and when you dove in you found a rich, salty, soup with croutons within.  The cheese was stringy and melty and it was delicious.  It was pretty heavy though for a soup starter - I almost wish I had gotten that soup with a salad and it would have been the perfect amount of food. But I am a birthday girl glutton - sue me!  The crab cake sandwich was solid but not AWESOME.  (Nothing can ever top those amazing crab cakes at Houston's.  Oh how I miss having Houston's around!)  But the bread, the crab cake, the lettuce and tomato, and the mustard tartar sauce were all good and I enjoyed the sandwich very much.  The fries were again super crispy on the outside, hot and soft inside, and thin cut.  I am having such GREAT luck on the fries here in Nashville lately - people know how to do them right.  I also thought our waiter was good at keeping drinks filled.  And when he wasn't around, other waiters stepped in and did it for him.  Especially that one really hot waiter.  Just sayin' - he was an eye candy treat for lunch!  hehe  So I am DEFINITELY coming back here.  I want to try everything on the menu (fried green tomato sandwich?  salmon club sandwich?  stuffed bread of the day?  plum pork chops?  TOO MANY OPTIONS!!!)  I am really going to have to start working out more with this place right around the corner from work!
<review# 984,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/17/2010,5/17/2011,26,235,2,2,2>how do you spell Dim Sum in Nashville - Lucky Bamboo.  We have eaten here a couple of times, the food is great and the quality is top notch.  They do however have limited carts so expect to wait, Everything is fresh, so that makes the wait worth it.  The staff is very helpful and the place has terrific feel.  This is one of those places you do not want to judge from the outside or the parking lot.  Inside is completely different and that sets the pace for great Dim Sum and terrific service and value.
<review# 985,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,12/7/2010,5/16/2011,15,63,9,8,3>If Doctor Jekyll and Mr. Hyde opened a BBQ joint, it would be named Martin's.It all began when the good Doctor opened a small BBQ joint in a wooden building on a dirt lot.  No pretension here, just good ole' cooking, low and slow.  Unfortunately, Dr. Jekyll developed a serum - we'll call it a new building - that caused the Doctor to turn into the misanthropic Mr. Hyde.On any given visit, you are sure to get some fine flavored meat.  20 hours on the smoker gives the flavor Dr Jekyll wants you to have.  If you get in there at the right time, it's good and hot.  But at the wrong time, its cold.  You see, Mr. Hyde doesn't work in small batches, so when it's done, it's done.  Do yourself a favor and hook up to their Twitter feed.  They tell you when they are about to take the meat out of the smoker; from that time forward, its losing heat.  What's more, they do sell out - often.  So unless you get here early, don't get your mind set on any one thing, because when it's gone, they won't be making another batch until tomorrow.Martin's also serves the whole hog, meaning you can get pulled pork that is Dr Jekyll's awesome pork shoulder, or Mr Hyde's ultra fatty pork belly.You can also find some amazing Alabama White sauce.  But you won't get much, as our order with 2 lbs of meat came with only one 2oz cup of the sauce.  Mr Hyde delights in skimping on the sauce.  That's why they may be the worlds only BBQ restaurant that doesn't have sauce on the tables.Both persona's work on the sides as well.  Jekyll's baked beans are cooked with big chunks of meat, adding a nice smoke flavor to the bean.  Mr. Hyde works on the cole slaw.  Low on flavor, and oddly dry.  How do you get cole slaw dry?  Pure Evil.They claimed early on that they were working out their kinks after moving into their new building.  It's been six or seven months now, and the "kinks" are obviously the norm.  From my recollection of the Robert Louis Stevenson classic, Mr. Hyde eventually became the dominant personality.  They are losing stars with time, and I cannot recommend a long trip for what may or may not be great food.  However, if you are in Nolensville, and you are feeling lucky, it's worth the risk.
<review# 986,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/22/2010,5/15/2011,55,201,3,6,6>I have to say, I was pretty damn impressed.  You can't even get a fast food hamburger for the price of what you can get at Gabby's, and not to mention some of the best fries in all of greater Nashville.  A single patty burger with cheese and a side of fries clocks in at $6.30.  Be sure to eat those fries with some of their kicking wasabi mayo.  You can find it on the back counter. I overhead the owner talking to some customers about where the beef is sourced, unfortunately the name escapes me right now.  The beef is grass fed, and it's cooked medium well just the way the menu reads.  You would think that cooking the beef that temperature would cause it to lose some of the juices, fortunately that's not the case here.  The burger stays juicy and is quite freaking good.  You know you're going to get a quality hamburger when so much thought is put into the origin of the beef...local...local...local.The location is a bit out of the way, but nothing that the old trusty GPS couldn't handle.  Gabby's is a cut-to-the-chase kind of place.  You're there for a burger, not a 3 Michelin star meal.  The decor is simple, you've got a few counter seats, a few tables, and an outside dining area.  Hours are limited and they close at 230 during the week.  I believe the stay open till 730 on Friday nights.  Go hungry!
<review# 987,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/30/2014,4/10/2014,83,145,,5,5>I always get the chicken bulgogi. It's amazing. I've ventured out and tried a few other things but I keep coming back to this.It has lots of flavor and it's a lot of food. The side dishes are fabulous too. I've always gotten great service as well. It's my favorite Korean spot in Nashville.
<review# 988,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,10/14/2013,4/9/2014,500,733,5,8,6>It's shady outside. Like very, very scary.  But the inside was pretty cool. They carried a wide variety of things. Best bet is to go during the day and park in the back for anonymity. (Don't park in the back when it's dark).
<review# 989,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/11/2014,4/8/2014,60,125,,5,6>We had to try them after seeing the new Triple D episode.  The food was fantastic!  The seafood Angelina was to die for!  The staff was very, very, friendly and couldn't wait to tell us about the items on Triple D and all the details about when the show was filming.  Super great atmospere which would be perfect for romantic occasions.  They don't have a ton of seating so I would make a reservation.
<review# 990,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/30/2013,4/7/2014,139,429,1,5,5>Clean, well-organized, and the buses that I have caught here have been more on-time than other stops in the city.  I think this is where they do a bit of schedule-adjusting if they are running a touch ahead.  Very convenient to lots of downtown locales.
<review# 991,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/7/2014,4/6/2014,53,213,15,5,3>Once, in one of my previous lifetimes, I was a dog that loved chasing frisbees. I died when I expertly caught my master's frisbee under a Fedex truck.Now that I have been reincarnated as a master, I have a deep-seated fondness for circular, flight-capable objects that are about an inch thick. When I walk the streets, my mouth salivates at manhole covers, hipster bicycle tires, buttons, etc. I have shown myself to the best shrink in town, but I caught his porcelain plate between my jaws and ran. That was that.So the other day, I was hungry, and decided to eat Italian. And so I used my Google skills to filter all the websites of Nashville-based Italian restaurants whose websites were registered in Italy, and DeSano showed up (I am very specific in my needs).I walked into the place, and was confronted with a bevy of options. A Japanese animé character stood behind the cash counter, and asked me (in Engrish), what I'd like. In sign language, I gestured to her that I'd like to try the simple margherita pizza, because I was a purist, and a pizza must have exactly three ingredients - dough, tomato, and cheese. I tried to tell her that the volume of a cylinder with radius, z, and height a would be pi.z.z.a, but she asked me to sign my credit card receipt copy. I must work on my sign language. I walked into the cafeteria style seating arrangement, and immediately ran to the section where a bearded pizza maker was tossing white circular objects in the air. Needles to say, I caught every single one of them, and the audience gave a mild applause. I asked the beard what's the deal with the pizza and it replied that every ingredient except water was imported from Italy. It pointed to the three raging furnaces, and said that even those stones were quarried from Mt. Vesuvius. I asked the beard if that wouldn't make the volcano more unstable because the lava would have an easier time bursting out, and it shrugged and tossed a pizza. I caught that one too.I sat down at my table, exhausted from all the frisbees that I had caught, and waited for my food. The pizza came on a steel plate and I caught that too. The pizza was decadent, delectable, delicious, and divine. Today my OCD's are D's. I destroyed it. It was the demolition of smog in my mouth. Okay, I am done with my OCDs for now. Anyway, the first epiphany happened on my tongue. It tasted a real tomato after centuries of eating cardboard flavored red goop that is sold as a tomato in the grocery stores State-side. Then the cheese went to battle. It galloped across my tongue and went straight to my heart where it put a stake right there, and signalled the dough to enter. That slid down my gullet and bungeed right into my stomach, and then bounced to my brain where it plastered itself all over, and the succulent tomatoey cheesy goodness lay splattered inside my head like a gourmet Banksy street art.I left very satisfied and told the beard that I'd be back. He winked and flicked a pizza dough up in the air, and I chased it.
<review# 992,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/4/2014,4/5/2014,54,150,1,11,5>I really liked this place! Full bar, smoked meats, great sides, fried pies?? HELLO PEG LEG, nice to meet you!I stuffed myself to the gills with a PBR Tall boy (only $3.50!), split some dry rub chicken wings with the bf (prob my fave part of the meal! they were huge), and a pulled pork platter (pork was aight), with some baked beans (delish with a bit of heat) and mac & cheese (pretty dang good but I prefer Edley's mac).SO. What's the atmosphere? Laid back, not trying to be as "hip" as Edley's is, which I really like. I like the family-owned vibe and the while I haven't tried the Peg Leg Bourbon yet, I'm intrigued! There was also some sort of marbles (?) table for games that seemed cool. I'm coming back. Price? About 40 bucks for a 2-course meal with drinks for 2. PLENTY of food. I am definitely coming back for a relaxed hang-out. I love that I can walk here and find a seat easily (!) and have a great drink and eat GLORIOUS wings and great sides. Can't wait to try the ribs!
<review# 993,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/4/2013,4/4/2014,149,113,1,9,3>After reading so many before and after success stories of pure barre I was skeptical, it seemed too good to be true. However I bought a month unlimited pass ($100 for your first time) and after 3 weeks of going 3 days a week I really believe all those stories I read. The class is definitely targeted towards 'trouble spots' for women. In just 3 weeks I've gotten a lot stronger and notice a difference in how my clothes fit, I cant imagine what going for 6 weeks or longer would do. I am sore after every single class. The nice thing about the workout is that its never an out of breath or exhausted feeling you would have during spin or crossfit, but your muscles will shake and burn. During the class when you think your muscles are going to rip out of your legs because they are shaking so much, the instructors encourage the shaking and repeat their manta "shaking is when the muscle changes". I don't know if this is actually true, but i repeat it to myself to make it through the workouts. A lot of the women who go seem to be regulars and so they know all the moves and the class is fast paced. The first couple days that I went I let the instructor know that I was new, and they were really helpful with showing me the proper technique and positions so I could keep up. I definitely recommend buying the socks they sell if you decide to do it, having the grips on the bottom makes a really big difference so youre not slipping around on the carpet. Pure barre is really expensive (why I am not giving 5 stars) and so it draws in more of a 'green hills' crowd, if you will. Once everybody is working hard, and focused on their workout you forget the crowd and focus on this insanely effective and challenging class.
<review# 994,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,1/23/2014,4/3/2014,76,161,15,13,8>Prince's is a good spot to get authentic Nashville "Hot Chicken."My wife and I decided to drive across town and give this place a go.  It was a warm day and it was warm inside as well.  The decor and area leave much to be desired.  It's not located in a great part of town, there is very little parking in a cramped lot, and no air conditioning.  When you enter, the organization of the place is part queue and part chaos.  However, don't let the aesthetics/danger deter you from giving them a try.  I just want you to know what you're getting yourself into.We walk in and find the line.  After a moderate wait, we move into the on-deck circle.  Luckily, we hear the couple in front of us order.  They both step, up and politely say, "Hot please."  The 80 pound lady taking orders asks them if they've ever been there before.  They say "no" and she immediately turns to the kitchen--"TWO MEDIUM!"  It was hilarious.  We also ordered medium when our turn came.We found a seat, which was a miracle.  There isn't much seating and it seems that most orders are take-out.  After a while, we're called and handed two reddish-colored chickens sitting on a piece of white bread.  It's good....and cripplingly hot!  Man, is it hot.  If you order extra hot, I think you might need to be the devil himself.  It will probably give you brain damage.  Stick with mild or medium if it's your first rodeo.  If not, you may end up like Harry and Lloyd from "Dumb and Dumber" trying to kill the pain with mustard and ketchup.Prince's is the real deal.  Give them a shot.  The chicken is hot, but it's really good.
<review# 995,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/5/2014,3/30/2014,34,55,8,14,4>Alright folks, after years of searching, ordering, critiquing, debating, and pretending I know what I'm talking about for the sake of winning arguments, I have decided something: Whiskey Kitchen has my favorite burger in Nashville. (record needle screech) Things that always follow that statement:"You must've never tried Gabby's!" "But... the Pharmacy!" "UH, NO WAY, YOU'RE INSANE"First of all, that last one is hurtful. Secondly, I'm not going to go into detail as to why Whiskey Kitchen's burger is the one I would prefer over all other. I don't have any reasons like "their beef is organically grown from magical cows" or "the flour used in their buns is locally-sourced from fair-trade baking elves". I won't even present an argument about the method they use for preparing the meat or the spices they use in their seasoning. Because frankly, I don't care what they do. All I know is, when I pick up that glorious chunk of a burger and put it in my mouth, the feeling I get is superior to any feeling I have experienced eating a burger elsewhere in Nashville. I don't care how long I had to wait to get it, I don't care how much it costs. Don't hear me wrong- I think all of the other factors (how the food is grown, from where it is sourced, how it's prepared, what it costs, etc) are extremely important and should never be discarded. I am simply saying that for that brief, euphoric moment in time - the moment when that delightful piece of meat hits your taste buds- taste is the only thing that matters. And that's where WK wins for me.
<review# 996,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/4/2013,3/29/2014,23,22,4,9,8>If you have any problems with this place, there is something seriously wrong with you. With that said, hey, more for me! I spend a good chunk of my clothing "allowance" here. I stop by often because you just never know what you might find. Miu Miu flats? Sure! Mark and Estel dresses? Don't mind if I do! The sales staff is also amazing, and not snobby or stuffy which they *could* be, because the store is that amazing. Ashley is my girl and let's me know when "my" brands are on sale-- what more could a gal ask for?
<review# 997,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/1/2012,5/1/2012,156,282,3,8,5>The hype is true, and I can see why Silly Goose has made such an impact in East Nashville and all around town.  It really is a very good little restaurant.  Though I wish I could have tried everything on the menu, I had to keep it to a sandwich, which thankfully came with sides of a little salad and a side portion of the Silly Goose's own couscous, which they take pride in.  The couscous was pesto-y, so tasty.  I had the Zipper - the smoked salmon sandwich, which ROCKED, and I chose to replace the marble rye bread it was to come on with the rosemary focaccia.  Y'all - take after me!  This was a remarkable combination.  Silly Goose has a few house-made teas and lemonade, and I had the apple cider black tea today, which was aweosomely apple-y.Only thing that made me go "hmmm" a little was that the salad was a bit on the salty side, as in over-salted.  I dig salt, but this seemed like a miscalculation...Dessert and some more famed couscous next time...
<review# 998,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/30/2012,4/30/2012,323,390,7,6,6>Goodness, gracious, great balls of CHOCOLATE!So, I would like to let it be known that I like chocolate.  Dark chocolate that is.  The darker the better.  I like my chocolate bars to be so black, Darth Vader would pale in fear.  So with that said, The Cocoa Tree is my Death Star because it houses the most delectable Dark Chocolate a girl could ever want.  It is so evil....it is good.Any of the truffles will be a good choice.  I really like the peppermint (seasonal), the yazoo and the champagne truffles.  They are all so friggin good.  Truffles are about $2.25 a piece so savor them...and yes, that is an order.  The hot chocolate is really good too.  It is like a flavor burst of, "Oh my friggin god that is so friggin good!".  So support your local chocolate biz.  Buy that stuff up.  And long live the Cocoa Tree.Like a Boss.
<review# 999,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/21/2012,4/29/2012,217,312,15,12,11>How do you gauge how awesome food is?  How about did you almost die eating it and you're totally good with that?There was a thread on burgers going down, and I decided to hit Gabby's because I noticed that some people whose opinions I trust were raving about it and I just didn't even know about it.Shame on me. It's a shack down by the Sounds stadium, no frills, grab a menu and squeeze up to the cash register to order something up.  There are autographed pictures all over the walls, plus signs explaining how they work.  Seems as if the owner was a long-time restaurant guy who decided to down-size to spend more time with his family and have a place only open during lunch.  Very cool.They only use grass-fed beef, because it is delicious.  The fries were heavenly, crisp on the outside but soft on the inside - so stinking good.  They have sweet potato fries as well!  The staff was fun and lively - clearly these people not only enjoy their jobs, they like what they are doing.  The lady at the register even took the time to tape my broke-ass debit card back together.  They also had some amazing fruit tea that was just excellent all the way around.So back to the almost dying part.  I was on my way up to Kentucky and decided to get my food to go.  This isn't my first rodeo, I spend half my life in a car, so a burger and fries should not have been a problem.  As I said, this was no ordinary burger experience.  I at least waited until I was safely on the interstate and in no traffic.  I unwrapped and bit into the burger.  Holy hell, if it wasn't the juiciest, flavorful, tender, seasoned most delicious patty I have had in I don't know how long.  Somewhere between the flavor explosion in my mouth and I-24, I missed the gush of juice, grease and perhaps love flowing from the wrapper onto my pants and center console.  By the time I realized what had happened, there was a greasy catastrophe everywhere and I was struggling to keep the car on the road.  I recovered and learned an important lesson.So, go here.  Eat a damn good burger, but for god's sake don't attempt to perform surgery or operate heavy machinery at the same time.
<review# 1000,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/17/2011,4/28/2012,42,90,2,14,9>Is there anyone out there that actually ENJOYS moving??! I haven't met anyone yet, and I'm not sure that I ever will. After moving just about every year for the past 8+ years, I have had my fair share of renting Uhauls and asking the same friends to move my beast of a vintage sofa over and over again. Not this time! My husband and I decided to hire movers for our latest adventure, and as luck would have it The Green Truck Moving Company (thegreentruckmovers.com) offered an amazing deal through Groupon which we just grabbed right up ($85 for two hours)! This company runs their trucks on B20 fuel, a cleaner form of diesel and after every move they return to their customer's homes or offices to recycle or reuse their cardboard and plastic moving materials. Pretty neat, huh?I've never used a moving company before and I wasn't really sure what to expect. I'm so used to luring a group of friends by promising pizza at the end of the move and then sweating it out for three hours with them. I set up the appointment after purchasing the deal and then just waited for the day to arrive. My husband and I did all of the small stuff on our own (since we only moved 2 miles away) and really just wanted help with the larger items (furniture, massive TV and W/D set). Moving day arrived and three professionally dressed, super friendly guys showed up at our place, introduced themselves and then got to hauling! They wrapped and carried everything down the stairs in just about an hour and a half. They were able to get everything unloaded as well within the 2 hour time frame. I didn't know what to do with myself half the time because I am so used to moving on my own! They were careful and tentative to all of our items. (As a side note: They were not able to use their own truck for our move because of a mechanical issue, so they had to rent a Budget truck. They apologized for that as soon as they arrived. I thought that was pretty cool.)I seriously could not be happier with our experience and if we do another local move I will be using them again! Great customer service and a great price! $85/hour is pretty darn good!
<review# 1001,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/1/2011,4/27/2012,75,109,4,5,6>AM@FM is the best eatery installment to the Nashville Farmer's Market.  I can't believe someone did not tap into this niche sooner?!  I mean, what a concept.  To actually use fresh ingredients from the Farmer's Market that you're located in? Genius.  While we eagerly awaited our food, we started with some of their homemade potato chips.  Tasty.  For our meal, we had the smoked tuna aoili, curried quinoa with raisins and fresh lemonade.  Absolutely fabulous. For dessert, we were treated to a chocolate brownie that topped the meal off perfectly. What a nice treat to have something fresh in the Farmer's Market.  The service was wonderful.  Everyone was extremely helpful and friendly. The meal even inspired us to buy our own heirloom tomatoes that were on our smoked tuna sandwich at the market.  Another added bonus that I really loved is that they try to remain as green as possible.  We ate on recycled paper and they use an IPad as their register that emails or texts your purchase information. As a person that recycles everything, that means a lot to me.  Way to go AM@FM!  I'm a fan!
<review# 1002,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/28/2011,4/26/2012,47,141,2,4,4>I didn't know how Marche was going to live up to expectations and hype, but WOW! It certainly did. Let's just start by saying the food was pretty exceptional. I really didn't know how an egg biscuit could be extraordinary, but it was... especially when the egg/ham/tomato is on a delicious cheddar polenta biscuit! DRooOL. After seeing the croissant french toast on the menu, I couldn't resist. I got half an order of that too. What a great decision. YUMMMMMM! I pretty much licked off BOTH plates I ordered. Our server was really nice, but we did have a tiny run in with another employee early on. Apparently they won't seat you until your entire party is there, and he wasn't too patient that we didn't know that. Tip: Sunday morning-- Marche opens at 9 am, and there was already a line around the building. Come early and be ready for a wait!
<review# 1003,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/10/2012,4/25/2012,111,543,7,10,8>ok, for being open 4 days this is what I came away with1) there are a lot of plans and forthcoming improvements that sound awesome2) parking a motorcycle on the roof is generally frowned upon by codes3) not all flashing lights on Gallatin Road are police4) I have plans to be back there again fairly soonIf you're looking for the place, headed away from Nashville it's right past Jenna's Adult Toy Emporium on the next block, it is *not* the bar behind Jenna's that advertises on Jenna's sign some times.The place - hubcaps across most of the ceiling, 50 cent pool (although it was free when we were there), 5 well positioned TVs, 1 well stocked beer fridge, a pretty nice bar, and a lot of potential.At the moment, the bar is - kind of nondescript... it's been open for 4 days (as of my visit). They didn't choose to put a bunch of fake "this is from our crowd" here - I personally hate when a bar opens and it's decorated as if it's been around for a long time and people love it... no, you earn that... and Dale Jr's is earning that.As a note, it's not affiliated with Nascar, although the owner will show, on demand, his pictures where he once sported a mullet in a tux, so perhaps a *bit* of NASCAR is there. The closest to NASCAR this place was was a Bud Light sign (I think) that had a stock car on it.I look forward to the day when NASCAR sends him a threatening C&D letter so he can frame it next to his birth certificate.Ok, so I like the place, I had a good time there, I see potential.The things I would like changed about it:Bathrooms - fix the men's room door so you can lock it rightVentilation / scrubberParking (it's on his plan) - there will be parking around back, right now it's out frontYeah, go out and claim this bar before it's taken... I like it... Bring cash though (at leas tin the first couple of weeks) as the credit card machine is not there... Also, if you've got a hankering for wine coolers, he inherited a bunch of them and was trying to get it down from fully stocked 7 different varieties to 1 or none. He might cut a wine cooler guzzling deal.Right now it's a beer bar but I think he said he's getting his LL soon.
<review# 1004,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/11/2011,4/24/2012,13,38,5,4,4>Okay, this is not as good as it gets, but it's entertaining as hell. I went back the other night and it took the bartender ten minutes to wait on me while he was trying to put a food order in for some people at the bar who were just eating at the bar because they didn't wanna wait on a table. He should have told them he was a bartender and they needed to wait for him to serve me my beer before he made them a big icewater and ordered them some cheesy-boogers. The food totally rocked...but you know what???...That stinkin Yazzy Draft beer cost me $5.50!!! So good to have a one draft local brew that costs nearly as much as a six pack of the same.
<review# 1005,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/11/2011,4/23/2012,16,40,,4,4>So it's not a pro game, doesn't mean it's not awesome!Tickets are $12-$10. Parking is $3. Sometimes there are fireworks. You can book tickets the week of the game and still sit in the best seats in the house.According to the website, they have veggie burgers. I didn't go searching, but rather had generic nachos. They also have dippin' dots and cool beer.You can definitely bring the whole family and they have a family seating area where no alcohol is allowed. For the money, it deserves all 4 stars! I will be back.
<review# 1006,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/12/2011,4/22/2012,84,39,3,5,5>While I never felt I was trendy enough to hang out at Bongo, I always found myself here getting coffee before class, meeting groups for class projects, hanging out with close friends over a hot cup of tea. I used to frequent this place because it was so convenient when I went to Belmont. Now I come because I love it so much, and it brings back great memories. The coffee is great, I personally prefer a hot or iced Chai (depending on the time of year), but the "P-Diddy" peppermint mocha is pretty damn good too. I also love the apple pie, which is basically hot cider with whipped cream, which is perfect during the fall weather. While most people come just for the coffee, their food is worth trying. The breakfast sandwiches are awesome, along with everything else I've ever tried there. I love hanging out at Bongo on a beautiful sunny morning, sitting on the patio, sipping a drink, people watching. Its definitely one of my favorite places to simply chill in Nashville. I also love running into old Belmont friends and teachers on occasion. All in all, Bongo has a great vibe for all types of people, and I would choose it over Starbucks any day.
<review# 1007,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/26/2012,9/10/2012,42,325,2,3,2>The Country Music H.O.F. is a Fantastic walk through Musical History.  Affectionately Known in Nashville as " The Hall "Love the Chet Adkins C.G.P. exhibit, Chet was one of the founders that made Nashville what it is today !Also the Bakersfield Sound Exhibit is wonderful too.See Elvis Presley's 24krt Gold Cadillac complete with a TV and Car Phone in the Back Seat. Did I mention this is a 1960 Cadiilac ?If you have not visited The Hall, do yourself a favor and go, if you have visited, check for new exhibits, they are always changing and upgrading the museum.As I type this, the Country Music H.O.F. is adding on, soon it will almost double in size. Remember to add on the RCA Studio B Tour, they pick you up at The Hall and take you on a great trip through memory lane and into the dark secrets of Nashville's Music Scene, Must See the Studio B.Enjoy !
<review# 1008,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/27/2012,9/9/2012,37,76,2,7,2>I had a Groupon for a manicure and pedicure, and was worried when I saw the fair ratings, but I had a great experience. I upgraded to a shellac manicure, which was my first, and it was very carefully and well done. My manicurist was sweet, attentive and did an excellent job, but she did not speak English so attempting to convey my preferences was a challenge. The atmosphere is less tranquil than most spas, because it is in a mall, but there was still an obvious attention to comfort and luxury, so I appreciated that. All of the attendants were friendly and helpful, and I really enjoyed my experience here.
<review# 1009,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/30/2012,9/8/2012,220,423,,5,2>Man I wish I could drag myself out of bed earlier in the mornings because I adore Dose!The coffee is fantastic, very rich and strong, just the jolt I need to get me going (they have flavors if you like the sweeter variety) and their pots of tea are out of this world! Hanging out at Dose is great, and on Saturdays they have a wine tasting in the afternoon! What a great idea! I haven't had their pastries or breakfast yet, but will soon. Thanks for keeping me awake Dose.
<review# 1010,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/1/2012,9/7/2012,160,232,3,4,4>I do believe this will be my first review that protests the Yelp scale as it simply seems wrong to only have a 5 star option for Goodness Gracious. This cafe deserves 10 stars at least! The menu is pure culinary genius. The filled strawberries? Magically delicious! The Gouda grits? Grrrrreat! The Monte cristo? Breakfast of champions! The baked peppercorn bacon? Well, luckily for you, I'm out of cereal slogans but I cannot think of enough complimentary things to say about this tastefully decorated spot. The owner offered us Raspberry Chocolate coffee brewed to order and it was every bit as delicious as it sounds. I believe her name is Karen? She seems to genuinely care about her menu and the feedback from customers. She also offers a 10% discount if you check-in on Yelp! How cool is she? I simply adore this cafe and will be back...daily if I can. Chocolate brownie pancakes, congealed strawberry pretzel salad, bacon and blue cheese slaw, & chocolate gravy are only a handful of the unique menu items. My only suggestion concerning the spinach and artichoke dip (also delicious) perhaps they could serve it with toast points instead of the standard corn chips. Usually when I have the option I love to sit on the front porch, but I also love the interior as it feels like someones home. It's very inviting. Enjoy!
<review# 1011,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/9/2012,9/6/2012,10,306,3,5,4>Cupcakes? Pshaw. That's so 2011.(Just kidding. I still love you, Cupcake Collection.)But don't limit yourself to a single category of sweets. Sometimes you want something lighter, fluffier and more marshy.To the rescue comes The Bang Candy Company. Best marshmallows ever. EVER.Some people say they're pricey. I say they are a bargain. If you eat a piece of cloud dipped in chocolate and coconut for $1, would you call that pricey? If you could float away on a rose-flavored breeze for $1, would you call that exorbitant?So yeah, 5 stars on the marshmallows alone.But wait - there's more: Best sandwiches in Nashville. (Well, ever since the last restaurant at Belle Meade Plantation shut down and took its homemade reuben with it.)I had an amazing panini sandwich filled with salami, goat cheese, kalamata olives, onions and some other goodies. This sandwich was such a Super Sandwich that it literally broke Bang's panini machine. (No worries, I think they were able to fix it with a screwdriver.)Could it get better? The homemade herbal lemonade vaulted this experience into 6 or 7 star territory, but alas Yelp caps the scale at 5 stars, so I'll go with that.
<review# 1012,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/31/2012,9/5/2012,814,132,7,10,5>Monell's stole the 5 stars in my little black book of southern food! Monell's should be voted to end world hunger and make world peace along with turning everything into green meadows, chocolate, unicorns, and rainbows...Monell's joins the people you don't know aka strangers into a family style dining!  After brunch, the couple you didn't know from Adam sitting across the table are your new BFFs... you've exchanged numbers and you're inviting them to your firstborns communion!   What may have caused this happy-fear-not-love your neighbor feeling? I don't know, perhaps the owner sprinkled some magic dust on all the guests as they were so friendly welcomed in, perhaps it's the fact of immediately upon sitting having been served baskets and baskets of food, perhaps it's the secret recipe in the homemade biscuits, cheesy grits, potatoes, pancakes, bacon, sausage, fried chicken, apples, or the sweet tea! Whatever it is, it worked! We all left happy, our bellies full, well wishing everyone that crossed our path, spreading love and praying for world peace. Monell's you did it again and I Love You!
<review# 1013,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/21/2012,9/4/2012,26,485,3,15,8>Before I go into my review, I must say that Sarah R. lays down a serious charge about the place, and unless she can provide some evidence that the shop is acting in bad faith as a 501(c)3 nonprofit, it comes off as a spurious charge.  Sarah R., put up or shut up! (update: Sarah R.'s review is missing: I don't know if she took it down, or if someone from Yelp did; either way, it was the right thing to get it down.)That out of the way, I love this place.  The desire to provide help to the impoverished is great, but it's secondary in my eyes.  I admit it doesn't mean a lot to me, and if the place was bad, it wouldn't be enough to bring me back.One thing I love about the place is that the staff really comes off as enjoying what they do, and that is a sign the place is going to be pleasant.  And it is.  It's one of the few places I could see myself going just to enjoy being there.  Also, so far, hipsters haven't found the place yet, so everyone was clean and well-groomed.And the coffee is pretty decent, too.  Not only that, it's pretty reasonably prices for the coffee drinks.  The iced mocha I had was excellent, and the mocha freeze was tasty (if not mixed well).When I showed up on the opening day, I was greeted by the lady manager, who was very courteous, and made me feel more welcome than anywhere I'd been except for Roast Inc.I cannot recommend this place enough.
<review# 1014,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/18/2012,9/3/2012,39,97,,3,2>This is my new favorite lunch spot. Everything I have tried is so fresh tasting. When I am feeling healthy I gravitate towards the organic veggie bowl. Quinoa, fresh seasonal veggies, humus, sprouts, and avocados. This may sound too healthy for your liking but trust me, it is delicious. Their goat cheese turkey burger is also amazing. I'm always a little skeptical about turkey burgers because I have had some very dry and flavorless ones. Not here though. The burger was very juicy and loaded with flavor. Biting into a freshly made juicy grass-fed burger with huge chunks of goat cheese sounds like heaven on a plate to me.They also serve one of the best iced coffees I have had in Nashville. I like my coffee black with no sugar. Usually when I get iced coffees this way they are extremely bitter. Don't get me wrong, I like bitter, but not to the point where my cheeks pucker in and my eyes squint. Joe Naturals iced coffee is not bitter and is slightly sweet with a subtle taste of Cinnamon. Good Job on this one guys!
<review# 1015,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/4/2012,9/1/2012,52,174,1,6,5>Without question then best craft bar in Nashville.  They are a bit picky on the rules but for me it adds to the experience.  The speakeasy vibe is just right for my tastes. It's not as stringent as some that take it overboard in larger cities but not lax enough that you will have frat bros huddled up at the bar ordering jager bombs. Sure the drinks are pricey but get over it. They are supposed to be. You are paying for quality and precision. Also you shouldn't be coming here for more than just one or two anyway because this isn't the place you go to get college style wasted. The old fashioned here is perfect and on par with the best I've had all over the country. In-line with the bacon craze that seems all the rage these days and even more in-line with the local craze for Benton's bacon, the bacon old fashioned here is something every bacon/bourbon enthusiast should experience at least once.Friday and Saturday nights are crowded and this place is small so expect a wait. Duh. Good places have long waits. Don't cry about it since you won't find better cocktails anywhere else in town.
<review# 1016,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/25/2012,8/31/2012,105,145,6,6,6>While I love Vietnamese food, I have not had much of it since leaving Boston many years ago. As a Kosher-head, I am basically relegated to vegetarian and most Vietnamese cooking tends to be pretty heavy on the Shrimp Paste.I met a friend for lunch here and was thrilled to see their numerous vegetarian offerings, including vegetarian pho (which is not under the vegetarian section, but which I was assured was 'Buddhist Vegetarian" - funny thing is that his review is to my right as I read this and I had the conversation with him about Monday being Buddhist day off, something he obviously was not aware of on his review.)Anyway, while I did give this place 5 stars, there are 2 drawbacks. One is that the service is somewhat random and slow. Somethings seem to come out after a minute, some just take their time, and the waitress refuses to make eye contact, making it very difficult to ask. Not a huge problem though.The other issue is that they only take cash - something I find somewhere between quaint and annoying in this age of credit cards and Google Wallet smartphones.Anyway, minor issues aside, the food is delicious (that should be a capital D). I had both the Pho and a tofu dish in some spicy basil sauce that was blow-me-away good!  While I complained earlier that the place only took cash, I neglected to add that they are very cheap. It was my turn to buy and I normally dont carry much cash, but even with me ordering two entrees (I had to bring some home for the wife, ya know), it was just $20.All in, I would go back in a flash - who wants to treat me this time?
<review# 1017,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/5/2011,1/31/2012,24,215,5,18,5>Ninki has renewed my faith in Japanese food in Nashville.  I am a card carrying Japanese Food Snob.  I lived in Japan for three years, my wife is Japanese, I cook and eat Japanese food all the time.  Nashville has never had a Japanese restaurant that really stood up to my unreasonable expectations.  Until now, until Ninki.  I went to the Grand Opening event that was unfortunately scheduled on May 5th.  If you speak Spanish or just like an excuse to drink and eat chips and salsa you understand why that might be a challenge for a Japanese restaurant.  Nonetheless the meal and the evening were fantastic.Ninki is located in the shopping center next to the Belle Mead Kroger on West End.  From the outside it is rather unassuming and will take a while for the locals to catch on to.  Inside it is very sleek and elegant.  There are two separate dining areas since they offer both Hibachi and a more traditional sushi and Japanese food menu.  Overall I found the atmosphere to be very appealing place to spend time and enjoy a meal.  The menu is broad and covers a lot of ground.  I did not have the Hibachi so I cannot review that part of the restaurant. They have a full sushi menu and a great selection of unique Japanese specialties.  I love a good hibachi, but with as good as the rest of the menu is I don't know if I will ever make it to the Ninki hibachi tables.  If I had one recommendation for the menu at Ninki it would be to go exploring.  They offer multiple dishes that are unique and definitely not offered anywhere else in Nashville or at almost any Japanese restaurant that I have been to in the US.  Our group was fortunate enough to be seated with some friends of the chef so we got to sample most of the specialties on the menu.  All of them were excellent and made me wish I had a bigger stomach.  A quick recap of the meal is as follows:Salmon Ceviche Salad with shaved parmigiana and a wonderful dressing;  Hon Maguro Tuna, the real deal and the best sushi I have had in Nashville;  Duck Breast served Jibu-ni style which apparently means with a delicate mushroom sauce and grilled scallions, fantasic;  Black Cod baked with vegetables in a paper wrapper which might have been the single best piece of fish I have ever had, moist and unbelievably full of flavor;  Ribeye steak cooked on a ripping hot stone and flambed with cognac;  Creme Brule;  French Wine; Beer ; Lobster roll Sushi; Chocolate Cake.  Honestly it is a miracle I was able to get up, but everything was perfectly sized and impossible to resist.  Ninki left me completed satisfied and more than a little impressed.  It is not a cheap place to eat, but it is worth every penny and then some.  If you are a traditionalist the sushi is excellent and will definitely not disappoint.  If you want to experiment then there is a wealth of great food waiting to be discovered.  Explore the menu at Ninki.  There are things there that cannot be had anywhere else in Nashville.
<review# 1018,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/1/2011,1/30/2012,55,189,7,10,7>Phat Bites is one of those rare gems you find on accident. Its next to an old abandoned car wash that they have taken upon themselves to graffiti and turn into a mini parking lot. Genius! They also host art shows there from time to time.The vibe of the place is hard to explain. Its sort of Jamaica meets Woodstock. Very eclectic with a touch of hippie. The food is really delicious. Lots of inventive salads and sandwiches with clever/funny names. They also have Rock'em Sock'em Robots to play while you wait, which is an automatic win in my book!
<review# 1019,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/16/2011,1/29/2012,63,108,7,9,6>A vegan, a blonde and a heathen walk into Thai Star... stop me if you've heard this one. So we passed this place running errands this afternoon and thought, "hey, I've never noticed that there before by the tunnel?" So after a few stops, we head into the parking lot to scope the place out. I jump on Yelp on my phone to check the reviews. Solid reviews... no terrible ones... oh and a Yelp special discount! Oh damn... weekdays only. So we go inside, past the walls of bamboo and have a seat at a table (No booths BTW). Our waiter comes over pretty quickly to get our drinks and greet us. I notice that the sodas on the drink menu used to say "no refills," but the "no" has been marked out. The blonde orders a Dr Pepper, and I (the heathen) order a Coke. They bring out a full, iced glass for both of us AND unopened cans of Coke and Dr Pepper!?! WOOHOO! Coke with a Coke chaser! It's the little things that thrill me. After all, if my waiter keeps my drink full, everything else can be crappy and I will still tip at least 20%. We all look over the menu trying to decide what to get. The Vegan orders the Yellow Curry w/ Tofu. The blonde orders the Pad Kee Mau with chicken (Drunkard Noodle). I order the String bean w/ chicken... hold the Jesus. We also got a couple fresh spring rolls. While not the best fresh spring rolls I've ever had, they were pretty good... not as flavorful as say, King Market or PS Noodle Pot. So the food comes out shortly after we finish the fresh spring rolls. Good portions across the board. We all start to chow and remark how great each of our dishes are. So we then start trying eachother's food. Seriously... some of the BEST yellow Thai curry I've ever tasted. The drunkard noodles were amazing too. And of course, my string bean chicken was awesome. The service was excellent throughout the meal. We had both a waiter and waitress come around for drink refills and status checks and everything. Not pushy, but very attentive and the type of service that just made you feel welcome. Noticed several people come in to get carryout while we were there. Also several couples with about 6-8 tables filled. This place isn't far from work for me and is kinda on the way home. I grabbed to go menu to keep in my car. :) Can't wait to order on the way home this week.
<review# 1020,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/9/2011,1/28/2012,122,201,4,4,3>If you have a hair up your bu... Ok, but it was an easy intro. Anyhow, if you want to try something new and deliciously fresh and creative, this is your spot. BE sure to have your hopping shoes on, because, if the parking lot is full, you'll have to park across the street and hop a fairly busy road (White Bridge). My rule is, if the lot is full, it has to be worth waiting for. So, the decor is simple. It is a converted home into an restaurant. The size is best suited for small groups; 4-8. There is only one long table in the center of the restaurant that is good for 10 people. Let's get to the business here. The food is priced perfectly for the quality, quantity, freshness and creative twists. I had the tomato stack. Mmm, mmm; this is a well made stack. The tomatoes where great and the watermelon and cucumber salsa really knocked this dish off the plate and into my mouth. All of it! Next, I had one of the 4oz Blue Burgers (no bacon) cooked medium. Also, for a small bite, this burger packed a balanced punch. Others had some of the wood fired pizzas. I tried both the lobster and vegetarian. While very different, equally good. Of course, the crust was unique to this spot. The lobster is the real deal.Think trendy and upscale diner. The kitchen and serving staff area is all within view for the most part. The staff are very nice and attentive. Due to the size of the place, they can't fall to far out of view. Overall, I'll be back,. I would like to see the menu change up a little more often. We had a great lunch and look forward to coming back for another lunch meal. Watchout! Pigs fly here!
<review# 1021,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/14/2011,1/25/2012,217,312,11,9,6>Oh how I hate hate hate communal tables. When I first walked in during a lunch date with the wife, I clenched up.  Seriously, if I wanted to sit at a table with strangers, I'd hang out with some hobos at a soup kitchen.  Not to mention it is probably the #1 pretentious cliché of all time, next to hipster bartenders with ironic mustaches.So, when I set foot in this joint of my wife's choosing, I immediately went into a pissy "This place is bullshit" mood and was certainly on the defensive.  And let me tell you, I hate being wrong.  I was wrong about this place.Initially pouting, I got a glass of water, whilst a chipper waitress gave the wife some sort of cider tea.  When I saw the menu, I started to bend.  I jumped to the "T-Bird", which was basically a roast beast sandwich with blue gouda (who the hell knew that existed), peppers and all sorts of other goodness, easily the best roast beef sandwich I've ever had.  The fresh bread was perfect and the sandwich was constructed in such a way that you could actually hold it and get all of the ingredients in one bite, a frequently-missed feature at many sandwich places.  The presentation was excellent and it was served with a side of greens and cous cous.  The cous cous was the best damn cous cous I've ever had.  The wife got the "Saylor", a really tasty eggplant sammich.  I finally chilled out enough to let the stick to fall out my butt and ended up getting some of the cider tea, which was great (though served in another cliché, the Mason jar).  Oh, and then they had me pay using an iPad.So, I was wrong, dammit.  While they may have some of my pet peeves in hipster dining, this is a pretty damn good place.  I felt the price for what I got hit the spot, and I still had room to go next door and grab some ice cream at Jeni's.
<review# 1022,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/29/2011,1/24/2012,106,124,2,4,3>I am a pizza snob. As far as I was concerned Nashville's pizza scene is bogus. Sorry but that was how I felt before my husband brought home a thick flavorful Sicilian!  Topped with mushrooms, green peppers, and onions, i ate a whole piece. Yes one whole piece...each slice is HUGE!  The crust is chewy and soft, and they actually season the pizza. The sauce...divine! Its not cheesy and gooey...its not supposed to be. I can not wait to try the NY style.
<review# 1023,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/25/2011,1/23/2012,53,213,7,7,5>"Give me your tired, your poor, your huddled vegetarian stomachs yearning to eat spicy Viet food.." must be inscribed right outside Far East. We scoured the menu and found fish sauce in the vegetarian section. We were vegetarians and did not approve of this. Fish are not vegetables. Really! They might smoke seaweed every now and then, but that doesn't count.So I asked the bubbly waitress (let's call her Bubbles) if the beef or chicken satay on the menu could be "vegetarianized"? She came back with an affirmative. Only seconds later the chef himself came out and apologized that both of them have shrimp paste. That's when I looked at him and said, "Paint me a curry like I was one of your French nude models" and he went away. Meanwhile I sipped on a beer imported from Malaysia. Tiger beer. Bubbles returns with a steaming yellow-y plate of tofu, potato, simmering in their own death spicy sauces of awesome and coconut milk. Each mouthful was a declaration of war on mediocrity and bland McChain food everywhere on the planet. My eyes were streaming with joy and also because of the spice, but they were happy tears. Bubbles came out again and interviewed us if the food was to our specifications. Apparently, the chef was nervous inside about what he had manufactured on a crazy whim. I told Bubbles to tell the chef that he must add this dish to the menu in lieu of the one with the fish.Even though, the vegetarian choices were slim, full points to a place that takes the effort to make their customers happy.
<review# 1024,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/19/2011,1/22/2012,9,15,3,7,6>If you live in or near Bellevue area, this gym is a GREAT option.  This is more of an ADULT gym so if you need somewhere for your kids to run around, choose the Y across the street.  Being new, this place is very clean and all the equipment is new.  It is a pure gym with all your machines and free weights you would possibly need - no frills like basketball courts which is OK.  There are plenty of TV's to watch in here so bring your headphones if you are using the treadmills.  There are two locker rooms - I can say that the Men's side has two small showers and plenty of lockers.  You'll have to wait for a review from my wife to hear about the Ladies locker room.  There is also two tanning rooms for the premium members (I'll discuss this later).  The staff here is very friendly and will greet you as you come and go.  You cannot beat the membership fees here - $15/mo. for regular members and $25 for premium.  Premium gets unlimited use of the tanning beds and a free consultation each month.  The also have personal trainers available for those of you who need that extra push and who seem lost in a gym (you know who you are). The biggest plus about this place besides the fees - it is open 24 HOURS!  I wouldn't join any other gym.
<review# 1025,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/4/2011,1/21/2012,35,79,5,6,4>I had never been to a BrickTop's before, but after visiting I was pleasantly surprised and full... and my wallet was a little worse for the wear. Some friends, my husband and I all went around nine on a Saturday night. And there were maybe two other tables, which makes me a little nervous about how long this place will be around. We tried the deviled eggs with sugar bacon to start. They were pretty good. My only criticism is I thought the bacon would be on the deviled eggs, but really you got deviled eggs and slices of bacon dipped in simple syrup so it was a little strange. For entrees the prime rib was amazing! Probably in my top 5 steaks list. The teriyaki (I think it was a ribeye?) was way too sweet for my taste but our friend loved it. And I got a filet carpaccio salad. I swear when you read the components for the salad you think it will be the best thing you've ever eaten, but instead it was rather bland and salty. For dessert, we tried 3 of the 4 offerings that night: key lime pie (took 1st place), chocolate chip cookie skillet (2nd), bread pudding (3rd). Seriously get the key lime pie, it was muy delicious.Service was great, our server was incredibly friendly. When you get water to drink though, you're getting bottled water which apparently makes it difficult to keep filled. My only serious complaint about BrickTop's is the hostesses. And this is something I will always get on a soapbox about. I don't care where I am, if I walk into your establishment ask how you can help me, or ask how many I have in my party, or ask me to go to hell for all I care. Just don't stare at me and hope I'll tell you whatever it is you need to know to do your job. Because I will stare right back at you until you start earning your paycheck. Okay, now that my rant's over... BrickTop's was great: food was tasty, service was friendly, awesome desserts. I'll definitely be back and hope that it's at least a little busy the next time.
<review# 1026,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/18/2011,1/20/2012,156,282,,5,3>Holy ****.If today was any indication of the food this new location is going to be serving up, I've just become a FiddleCakes fan.  In honor of their grand opening, they offered up trays and trays of free samplings from their menu!!  I'm talkin' tomato and goat cheese pizza, vegan pizza, gluten-free pizza, bacon and cheddar scones, gluten-free cranberry bar-things, cookies and brownies.  Now, it had been sitting out for a bit so it was all a bit cold and not hot out of the oven.  However, it was all great.  I'm getting the feeling FiddleCakes specializes in special restriction baking, with so many gluten-free and vegan options, which certainly don't go unappreciated.  I'd really like to sample all the things I DIDN'T taste today, like the coffees, the frozen coffee drinks, the cupcakes.. Lord.  If I run to Fiddlecakes, eat, and walk back, I'll have burnt enough calories in order to really have a feast at Fiddlecakes and not pay for it on the scale.And I've got to say.. thank you FiddleCakes for giving out all the free stuff today.  It's very inviting when a business gives out tastes of what they offer for no charge, and now I'm more inclined to go back and buy something!
<review# 1027,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/4/2011,8/30/2011,24,215,7,9,10>I can no longer hide from it.  I love Holland House far more than a man should love a cocktail restaurant.  I worked my way through an embarrassingly large percentage of the drink menu and have yet to have a drink that was less than stellar.  They have great happy hour deals, punch in weekends, and hot toddy's on the menu.  Seriously, what more could a drinker ask for.  Since my last review I have also had the chance to sample their food menu.  Everything is fresh and obviously prepared with great care.  I cannot speak for as much of the food menu however because I rarely make it past the Meester Burger when it comes time to order.  The Meester burger is quite simply the best burger in town.  There is nothing flashy or innovative about it, it is just extremely well executed with great beef and perfect seasoning.  One day I will try the other menu items, but when I want a truly gourmet burger I know where I will be heading.  The service has always been extremely satisfying and helpful.  I would recommend sitting at the bar and just telling the bartender what you like in a drink and letting them choose a cocktail for you.  All the bartenders are insanely knowledgeable about drinks and will not lead you astray.   In fact, Holland House is my absolute all time favorite place to go alone, sit at the bar, chat with the bartender and just enjoy the whole experience.  Very few bars are fun places to go alone, you almost always leave feeling a bit depressed.  At Holland House I almost always leave feeling elated.
<review# 1028,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/23/2011,8/27/2011,42,125,2,3,3>Three words: Cardamom. Banana. Bread. That's absolutely the most important thing you need to know about Dose. The next most important thing? Homemade ginger syrup. Putting that stuff in a soy latte is like drinking the nectar of the gods. One of the things I really like about Dose is how they feature different coffee roasters. The baristas really seem to know about the coffee they have, and I've been really pleased when I've bought coffee there before. The barista working listened to what I was looking for (a brew smooth enough to drink without creamer), made a rec, and I went home with truly amazing beans from a local roaster (Humphreys Street, organic and fair trade).The bagels here are great, and I've had some really good sandwiches as well, both breakfast and lunch. Of note: they sell bagels from Bagel Face Bakery, which has *vegan* bagels and almost all the bagels they sell (I think all of them actually) are listed on Bagel Face's website as being their vegan bagels. Dose should really play this up. I told the barista working there one day, but I don't know whether she passed on this info or not. Unfortunately, although they have some amazing jams, they only serve real butter and cream cheese, so vegans would be limited spread-wise to jelly and nut butter. (If they stocked some Tofutti cream cheese and Earth Balance, I have plenty of friends who'd turn out for the dairy-free offerings.)I've found most Dose patrons to be really friendly, which is great when seating is limited. I've never come in and been completely unable to find a seat, despite its small size. And there are several small tables outside. Parking can occasionally be a problem, but usually there's room on the street if not in the lot. My only complaint about Dose? They close at 7. I'd spend a lot more time and money here if they were open later and I had time to come after class and work.
<review# 1029,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/31/2011,8/26/2011,11,66,3,5,3>The sign out front says "Thai & Lao" food.  Not sure what, exactly, the Lao part is; the menu is mostly what I recognize as Thai.  Maybe it's the execution?  Anyway--this is on that stretch of OHB in Lakewood that's mostly auto shops, liquor stores, and discount tobacco stores.  So I figure it really needs a yelp or no one will know it's there!The decor is very simple; the log cabin paneling is probably left over from a prior incarnation.  A few animal prints, and a tv playing Thai karaoke (which is visually interesting, actually). The food is really nice.  They specify on the menu that they don't make any dish hot, and ask that if you want it spicy, you indicate how much with a one to ten star rating--or "native Thai".  We neglected to mention a spice level, and got what for Thai food is mild; just a bit of heat.  And that was ok, because it allowed the other flavors to shine through.  Husband & I each had a salad & soup, just because that's what we were in the mood for.  Husband had yum nuar (beef salad) and a cup of tom kar soup (coconut milk soup); I had the yum woon sen (noodle salad) and a cup of tom yum (hot & sour).  His tom kar was a thin broth, not thicker as I've seen coconut milk soups before; this was good b/c the coconut milk didn't mug all the other flavors.  Both soups, as well as my salad, had chicken in them (ok, they get a minor hit for that b/c I asked for shrimp in my soup); and it was white meat.  This is a plus for me; I have a thing about meat gristle, and often avoid ordering chicken in restaurants because I cannot take the "icky bits".  But I didn't have to worry here.  The soups were both pretty simple; just chicken, onion, and mushrooms.  They didn't need lots of ingredients, they had flavorful broths.The salads both had the same spicy lime dressing, and both were very good; I think mine wins, because it had goodies like bean sprouts, mint and cilantro leaves in it.  But it was definitely a case of mine was the greater of the two goods.The service is good, the staff are very nice.  And it's a good Thai restaurant in an area that doesn't have many restaurants, period.  Please, folks, eat here; I'd hate for them to go out of business!
<review# 1030,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/31/2011,8/25/2011,40,166,2,5,4>So I've never been to the alleged museum, but I've attended two weddings here and they were both beautiful. Traveler's Rest is tucked away near the Franklin Road/Harding Place area - if you don't know where you're going you are likely to miss the teeny tiny signs that point the way as you wind through back roads. Parking is in a grassy field and then there's a bit of a walk up to the house. Both weddings I attended here had the ceremony outside in front of the house and the reception in the barn (it's called a barn, but it's really a nice air conditioned building) at the back of the property. There are two separate buildings that can be used at the bride and grooms quarters before the wedding. I was a bridesmaid here and the bride's room was not the nicest space, but big enough to accommodate all 10 bridesmaids (yes, 10) and family members. From what I've been told, it's a reasonably priced venue and it holds a fair amount of guests. Maybe one of these days I'll make it out to actually see the historical museum part of the property!
<review# 1031,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/16/2011,8/24/2011,53,213,8,3,5>You see, I'm British. I see a semi on the road and think, "By golly! What a positively large lorry!" I put my trash in a dustbin and walk on a footpath. I wear my knickers over my bums and tell people to bugger off if they're bothering me. So when I heard about RumoUrs East, I was, well, confused. The name...Rumours? With a U? East? I thought we were all "The West" I decided to investigate with my trusted sidekick, Dr. Waston.Watson and I packed our best monocles, waxed our mushes and headed to wet our whistles at Rumours East. We were magnificently impressed by the quaint countryside called East Nashville where RE stood. It was as we were treading on the footpath leading up to RE when Watson whispered to me, "By Jove, Sherlock. Would it not be because RE was in EAST Nashville that it got its oriental moniker?""BY JOVE, WATSON, ole chap," I exclaimed, bashing his head with a jolly good thump. "That was alimentary! Genius!"The décor inside was inviting and poring over the wine list, we realized that we had a serious list of wines to pick from around the world. So we ordered a glass each from Chile and France and felt quite regal indeed. Only last week Watson and I returned from the adventure of the Hounds of Baskerville and seeing the hounds, we had emptied our bowels. The good doctor put us both on a vegetarian diet to recuperate and I was happy to see that RE had an excellent pizza to eat. Watson pulled out some rubber balls, dropped them onto the wooden floor and said, "Let us trip on 'em, Sherlock" and we tripped balls as we ate and drank pizza and wine.But then, alas, news came that Professor Moriarty was performing at the Nashville Symphony and we paid our bills and left in a hurry, vowing to be back again.
<review# 1032,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/11/2010,8/23/2011,122,201,,5,3>Nashville International Airport is so easy to get through when you are in a a hurry. And, if you are running late (don't make this a habit), they are very helpful to expedite your movement through the security line. Since Nashville is MUSIC CITY; this is a great place to people and star watch. The drinks here are now regulated by some crazy system that measures out each freaking drop. So, expect to pony up some bucks if you want to catch a quick one before you start to fly. The eatery area in between A-B-C is a nice spot to hangout. There are tons of decent food options that are not all corporate and fast food. Since I travel fairly often, I look forward to my trips in and out of BNA. There is also a bus that travels from downtown to the airport for a cool $1.60. And, it gets you there in about 15 minutes. Not too shabby.
<review# 1033,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/3/2011,8/22/2011,1,110,7,21,8>I hate it when a delicious Asian restaurant gets poorly reviewed by non-Asians, which happens quite often in Nashville. If you compare Seoul Garden to most Korean restaurants in K-Town (in southern California), it would get about 3 or 4 stars out of 5 (a huge compliment). But for Nashville standards, this restaurant deserves 5 out of 5 stars and the label: best Korean restaurant in greater Nashville area.The side dishes were properly fermented without being stale. On both of my visits, I was given 7 side dishes. All of them have the proper 'crisp' when bitten. The marinated beef ribs and the tofu soup taste like deliciously home-made Korean food. And it's always a good sign when the restaurant is filled with Korean families. This restaurant easily blows the competition in Nashville out of the water (including Korea House).Meats are tender and flavorful. Tofu soups have enough spice for a flavorful kick without burning too badly (every Korean knows you can't have tofu soups without the spice). Service is average for Asian restaurants: they don't try to be your best friend but I didn't think they were rude at all. They checked on my table three times after I received my food. In the end, yelp reviews will hardly affect the plentiful business that Seoul Garden gets. I highly doubt that these numerous Korean families will check Yelp before eating at Seoul Garden, while other Korean establishments in greater Nashville area heavily depend on non-Korean clientele. Weekday lunch prices are considerably more affordable.Several reviews below mine asked: (paraphrased) If I'm Asian, does my review of an Asian restaurant deserve more credit? My answer: Not necessarily. If you're Asian who lived most of your life in a non-Asian populated area (ie midwestern state, southern state), I would trust a review from my Mexican neighbor in California who lived in Little Saigon, Chinatown, and/or K-Town all his life more than yours.
<review# 1034,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/16/2010,8/21/2011,888,249,,6,3>One of my "special occasion" places in Nashville.  I've never had bad food or poor service at Bricktops.  You'll likely see someone famous if you visit on a normal weeknight.My absolute favorite is the bacon wrapped filet with the twice baked potato.  The big warm cookie dessert...amazing.  The spinach-artichoke dip...equally amazing.  Expect a long wait almost every night especially after 7:00 p.m.  Try to arrive before 6:30 for the least wait.
<review# 1035,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/12/2011,8/20/2011,156,282,3,7,7>I don't really want to let the secret out... But I honestly was allowed to have a taste of ALL of the Jeni's ice cream flavors available at Hot & Cold.  And they were all really, really good.Hot & Cold is less like Starbucks (fun flavors and novelty drinks!) and more like Nashville's local and loved Crema (ALL ABOUT ESPRESSO).  I wouldn't call myself a coffee connoisseur by ANY means, but the soy cafe au lait with mocha (I know you're laughing) I had at Hot & Cold tasted robust and un-chocolatey, an un-sweetness I've come to identity with an actually well made coffee drink.  The store is offering a nice selection of also local and loved Las Paletas Mexican popsicles, even offering a mini-paleta called a Chiquita. Aww, how cute.  But if size matters to you! - there's a Ben & Jerry's Vermonster-like sundae available (Lord knows who's ordering this... except me on my birthday later this year...or maybe just next week...) that combines four scoops of ice cream, four chiquitas, and other STUFF.  Yum.Really, that Jeni's ice cream is a seriously great find.  It's definitely an all flavor, no crap-ingredients product.  It's being sold by the pint in the store as well, for $10.  Yeah, that's a lot.. but it's a hell of a product and Hot & Cold needs to make a profit too!  The two young guys working behind the counter seemed really enthusiastic about all of Hot & Cold's offerings.  Not only did I sample 5-6 ice cream flavors, I could have smelled the tea leaves if I'd wanted to!  I don't know if those guys are big foodies, or they love coffee, or they're just glad to have a job!  Any of the above.  I'll see them again, for sure.
<review# 1036,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/26/2011,8/19/2011,31,17,,9,5>Kayne Prime recently opened this past Friday to patrons. I wasn't invited to the fancy pre-opening event so, I wanted to check this place out on the first night before it became overcrowded like other restaurants in Nashville. I have been looking forward to this place for a while now. I enjoy the other M Street businesses and thought that a nice steakhouse would be great for the Gulch area. I arrived on opening night, most of the car traffic were for Whiskey Kitchen or Virago. I was instructed that Kayne had it's own valet, which made the valet wait extremely quicker compared to the previous mentioned places. The valet company were very polite and welcoming which I consider a huge plus when going to any restaurant. There was not a wait to be seated and we arrived at 7:30pm. For it to had been Kayne Prime's opening night, it wasn't busy at all. There were several empty tables. I loved the atmosphere in the restaurant. The section that we sat at had an "open air" window. I was glad that the weather was warm that evening. The server was very nice. He took our drink orders very quickly. I wish that he would have explained the drink selections or made suggestions since most of the cocktails were of a mixology concept and the place was new. I ended up trying the Balsamic Martini. I am glad that I liked the finished product. It had vodka, strawberry puree, and a balsamic syrup in it. It had the right balance of alcohol so I was very pleased by my $9 cocktail. Speaking out cocktail prices be prepared to spend $9 or more on a cocktail. There were even cocktails that cost $13+. Ladies would like it when they have a guy paying, lol. I believe after we were served our cocktails the server got a little busy because we forgot that we didn't even order yet... Another server had to come to our table to take our order for our busy server. A little strange for how they weren't completely packed, but ok. The menu items are served a' la carte much in the style of a Morton's. They did have written on the menu that the sides would best for two people. I decided to try their grilled salmon and the caramelized broccoli. My friend ordered the filet mignon. I got a kick out of the fact that most of the cows used were local and that the server made a huge speech about the fact that these cows lived a peaceful life on a farm. It was as if he thought we could have been with PETA or something. A few items on the menu were not available that evening and the server was quick to let us know that. The food arrived in a timely manner. I was very pleased with the portion size of my meal and it tasted excellent as well. We decided against dessert since we were stuffed. The server offered us a tour of the place, but he ended up not doing it. So we went on a self guided tour. I love that there are private rooms and seating that are a little more private for dates and etc. I adored the bar area. It had the open air window and offered plenty of seating at the bar. There were also several high tables for those that like to people watch near the bar. All in all, I enjoyed my first time at Kayne Prime. Of course, it had some cons, but what place doesn't. I see it as a nice date place, but we will see when I go there just for drinks if that feeling changes. It is just nice to see more hip places for adults that don't have kids. :-)
<review# 1037,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/30/2012,9/20/2012,96,336,3,2,4>I had heard many great things about both The Oak Bar and The Hermitage Hotel, but had never made it down to either establishment, until New Year Eve. The first NYE in a new city, can always be challenging. Where to go? Do we eat before hand? Do we go out after? Do we try and meet up with friends? The list is never ending. Well, this year my girlfriend and I made no plans. Zip. Zero. Zilch. We just played it by ear. We ended up at Tin Angel for dinner, and decided to welcome in 2012 at The Oak Bar. What a great choice that turned out to be. I love hotel bars, especially old hotel bars, with a rich history. My favorite hotel bar of all time is the Sazerac Bar in the Roosevelt Hotel in New Orleans. The Oak Bar is now second on that list Windowless, dimly lit, intimate, impecable service, what else would you want in a hotel bar? Our impromptu New Years Even, ended up being exactly what we were looking for.
<review# 1038,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/14/2012,9/19/2012,48,118,,5,2>A welcome addition to Green Hills Just a few blocks from the theatre, we dropped in after a late show, and were pleasantly surprised!I have to start with the staff. Everyone from our waiter to the random employee we chatted with behind the bar were very friendly and knowledgeable. The sushi rolls were large, flavorful and will keep me coming back. We had the 101st and Alfredo rolls. They had similar ingredients but still had a very delightful and distinctive taste. The menu was full of wonderful sounding items that I hope to sample on my next visit. We found a nice selection of wines and a fully stocked bar to keep us smiling.The layout is open and modern with a nice outdoor dining area.If you love well crafted specialty rolls and a good glass of wine you'll love Kohana.
<review# 1039,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/10/2012,9/18/2012,139,236,7,3,1>My wife and I met up at the Hipster Pharmacy Burger Parlor.   Because anytime you put the world Parlor in it in 2012, hipsters come RUNNING.  Gladly paying $5-6 per beer and then wondering why they are always broke (paying $5-$6 a beer and hanging out at a bar 5 days a week plus your stupid $295 pair Chukka's you have on your feet Mr. Assclown would explain why yo ass is broke) but...I digress.   The food was really good actually.  I had the Farmhouse Burger.  Which the bun made this a good burger.  The burger itself was good, but not great.  The fries were good but not great.  The beer selection was great, but pricey.   I love the beer garden area, which is great for kids to run around and probably knock other peoples beers over at some point.  I recommend this place for a fun atmosphere, great decor, good food, and great beer.   Only downside is I recommend coming STRAPPED at the hip with a gun or knife, because the location sucks ass as does the parking situation.
<review# 1040,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/20/2012,9/17/2012,50,171,,8,6>After stopping by REI and Dick's looking for the right bike for my 8 year old, we stopped at Moab. The boy has outgrown his old bike but was not ready to remove the training wheels. I had a hunch that getting a better bike that fit him better would help move that process along so he could keep up with the neighborhood kids as they traverse to the pool on a daily basis this summer. I wasn't sure I wanted to spend the money at a specialty shop but after the sale, I'm pretty sure it was well worth the extra cash.REI selection was reasonable and the staff helpful enough. But Patrick and Adam at Moab really went the next step. Obviously very knowledgeable about their selection of bikes and the options as we grow out of this bike, Patrick let me know that Trek has a nice trade-up program if we make that step in the next 3 years.But the real help came as we were about the checkout. Adam asked if we were being helped and I told him Patrick was prepping the bike for us and asked if he has any recommendations on getting out of training wheels. When he finished checking out his customer, he tool us out back and went through a few simple exercises with my son, which provided needed encouragement from a much cooler 20-something biker than his father could provide. When we go home we scooted down to the clubhouse parking lot and practiced our exercises once more, reattached the pedals and started riding. That simple. And the smile on the boy's face is worth the extra $100 for the Moab experience.
<review# 1041,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/28/2012,9/16/2012,10,19,4,9,3>Huge fan of this place!  It's not the sort you would drive by and think, "Wow, I have to try that Turkish restaurant in the strip mall."  However, if you do, you'll be pleasantly surprised.The atmosphere is much better on the inside than the exterior.  It's not the swankiest restaurant around, but it's definitely passable.The food is outstanding.  This is a great place to come for dinner, and recount the day's events over food that is reasonably healthy, with a glass of red wine.  There are a number of great vegetarian dishes on the menu which I usually gravitate towards--even though I am not actually vegetarian.  Hummus is delicious, but the haydari is something I can't live without.  My husband and I usually order an appetizer with half of each, and it's gone in 60 seconds.  There's a ravioli dish on the menu, and every time I order it, the server cautions me that patrons either love it or hate it.  I always smile and say I know...but you can safely place me in the ravioli-lover camp.  I can see why people who order it (thinking it's standard ravioli fare) would be disappointed, because it's nothing like it.  It comes in small bite-sized doses of ground lamb in pasta, with a thick tangy yogurt sauce laced with butter and mint.  But if you're in the mood for something a little more uncharted, it's a total win.  Still, you may want to try the haydari as an appetizer to test out your response to the yogurt, before committing to the entree.The ravioli is good, but my favorite dish is probably the Turkish stew (either with lamb or the vegetarian option), which comes in a Very Hot bowl.  You're probably going to want to let it cool off a bit, but the vegetables have always been cooked to perfection, every time I have ordered it--and that's at least three dozen times.  The veggie sampler is a veggie stuffed eggplant with a stuffed artichoke on the side.  This is the entree that may inspire me to write a pine-nut love rhapsody at some point.  The rice pilaf is delicious dipped in the yogurt sauce accompaniments.  And I would be remiss if I didn't mention the shrimp saute.  I've never been able to tear myself away from the other options to order it myself, but I always steal some of my husband's and it really is all that.  He also enjoys the fish specials (salmon and halibut).Hot Turkish tea is good but Turkish coffee will always have my heart.  And their baklava.  Oh, baklava...just take my advice, save room for dessert.Finally, I really love the servers.  They are just wonderful, friendly and attentive.  All around, a great restaurant!  Probably just as well (for me) that it isn't as high profile as some of the trendier spots, because I love being able to always get a table for some of the best food in Nashville!
<review# 1042,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/9/2012,9/15/2012,94,224,2,5,2>I'm in pretty good shape, and I consider myself athletic.  I mean, I run, play soccer, rock climb, hike, practice yoga, and will try any sport once.  I've run half marathons with (not) the greatest of ease.  But I mean, you know, I did it.  And no, none of that prepared me for the intensity of Pure Barre.Holy crap.  You absolutely WILL get an amazing workout.  You will not be disappointed by the intense combination of focus, strength, and determination that it takes to get through this class.  And the best part is that you aren't (too) sore the next day!  They make sure you stretch to make sure there's long, lean muscle and no build-up of lactic acid.Be prepared to be surrounded by beautiful women who's wardrobe costs more than my rent.  But honestly, everyone is very nice and welcoming, and the instructors are friendly and helpful and extremely knowledgeable.  It helps that they all have amazing bodies, so you know it works!As a heads up, it's hiding in the back of the BB&T parking lot.  Oh, and if you've never been, bring socks and wear something that covers at least 3/4 of your legs.  They're pretty strict about that!  Also, it ain't cheap, but they have a $100 unlimited new client special that is worth every penny!
<review# 1043,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/9/2012,9/14/2012,139,429,2,4,3>News that made my week (and came to me courtesy of the Yelpy words of our very own Marcia M.): Sky Blue Cafe now serves dinner!Of course I had to go at the first possible opportunity.  We ordered many delights, including the pesto and sun-dried tomato torta (with perfectly toasted toasts and not those overly crusty 'crostini' that cut your mouth), roasted chicken with salsa verde (and rosemary shoestring fries and a mad delicious aioli sauce), and the stuffed pork loin with walnut pesto (I only got a bite of this one and man, was it good).  I can also now say that I've fulfilled my destiny as a Southerner, as we tried the fried oreos with a delicious mug of cappuccino creme.  Yum, yum, yum.After our meal, the chef, Dylan, came out to check on us and tell us about their new dinner venture.  I'm most excited about the butternut squash lasagna-with fresh, house-made pasta rolled out with the herbs in the noodles-which he promised to make special just for me next Tuesday night when I return. :)
<review# 1044,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/3/2012,9/13/2012,186,329,4,7,6>It might seem a little soon from folks' perspective to be updating a review that I just wrote last month, but I think that now that many of the "opening" jitters are out of the system and the fact that they serve BRUNCH on Sundays are reasons enough for an update.I ate here twice in two days: once for dinner and once (today) for their first offering of brunch.  I am going to give both experiences 4 stars and write separately below on each.  (In case anyone is wondering, I live two blocks away so walking here often is a breeze.)Dinner:Last night for dinner I walked up around 7:00pm.  The first thing that deserves an update is that they have pagers now and no longer do the "cell phone" thing I mentioned in my first review.  That's honestly a shame from my perspective because I thought the cell phone idea was (a) clever (b) innovative (c) cost effective and selfishly (d) super convenient for someone like me who lives in the neighborhood because I could just walk home.  [I walked home with the pager anyway.]  The wait at 7:00pm was quoted as 1 hour 15 minutes.  I left the house about 7:35pm and was back at Urban Grub by 7:40pm.  The bar was packed as was the outside waiting spot.  Seated almost exactly 1 hour 15 minutes after I got the pager around 8:15pm.She ordered a steak with a side of yukon golden mashed potatoes and she added toppings to the potatoes of cheese and bacon.  I ordered the pork chops for entrees with a side of chipotle mac and cheese.  For an appetizer we had the meat and cheese plate, and we split the wedge salad for a salad.  Steak:  Fair to average - not overwhelmingly great, probably would not order againPork Chops:  Above average to excellent; tender, juicy, and the peaches hit the spotMashed taters:  Bacon made the taters quoteth my companion, but good without as wellChipotle mac-n-cheese was fair to average, probably would not get againMeat and cheese plate appetizer:  all was great (especially the spicy goat cheese... don't confuse it for butter)Wedge salad:  interesting with the chipotle dressing, but the bacon made the meal - might order again but only if really hungryService was stellar at dinner, and we got to sit inside this time around.  Overall great experience.BRUNCH:Brunch opens at 11:00am.  We arrived with friends from the street, and this time with newborns (both ours and our friend's) in tow.  Our service was fantastic again as always - and I should mention that if you have a chance then Lacie (spelling?) is a great server.  Anyhow, I ordered the Hot Chicken and Waffles with a side of Smoked Gouda Grits.  She ordered the Butternut Squash Omelet with Grits and a side of Hashbrowns.  Our companions also got one order of Hot Chicken and Waffles and got an order of the French Toast.  The table ordered a carafe (or should I say Large Beaker) of Mimosa... because they serve Mimosas in large science-classroom beakers... at least you know exactly how many milliliters you are consuming.  Hot Chicken:  Spicy and hot.  Nicely complemented by the waffles, the pecans, and the amply syrup.  I thought the drizzle of hot sauce across the waffles was a nice touch as well.Smoke Gouda Grits: Same grits you can get in the evening and same amount of chipotle smoked gouda grits tasty goodness as at night.  Super recommend for the grits lovers out there.The omelet would be a vegetarian delight and a Celiac / gluten-free delight as well.  She sure enjoyed them.  The hash browns were equally enjoyable as I may or may not have sneaked a couple of tastes (even the CIA cannot water board out of me if I did... :) ).  The French Toast was a lot (I mean A LOT) of food.  Our companion (the wife of the two) barely even made a dent in it and she seemed to never not be eating.  They said it was great, but it is very, very big.All and all a superb Brunch experience. I'll be back.
<review# 1045,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/21/2012,9/12/2012,108,60,,6,5>After a year and a half of living in the area and passing by Whitfield's almost daily, I finally jumped the gun when a Sharing Spree for Whitfield's popped in my mailbox.We were greeted by a friendly hostess and seated on the patio, as requested.  Our server, Christian, was very knowledgeable about the wine list and assisted me in choosing the right kind of oak-ey chardonnay I was looking for to later compliment a fish entree.  He brought fresh bread to our table; a delightful crust surrounding a light chewy cloud of bread.  The accompanying butter had a nice roasted red pepper flare but could have used a bit of salt.For dinner, I was brought four never-frozen (as I was told) perfectly seared U-10 sea scallops.  The sweetness of the scallops danced on my palate with the spicy apricot pan jus that glazed the top of each of each one--beautifully complimented with the crisp crunch of charred broccolini and a creamy balance of parmesan polenta.My husband enjoyed the salmon, pan seared to a medium-rare flaky perfection over delicious jasmine sticky rice.  The long and crispy haricot verts were charred and seasoned with sesame, salt and pepper.  The whole dish was brought together with an Asian glaze made of sweet mirin and chili.  He and I thoroughly enjoyed swapping bites, as the two dishes were so different but equally satisfying and unique.We did not enjoy an appetizer or a dessert but will be sure to next time.  Whitfield's service was wonderful, the food was beautifully prepared and executed, my husband and I have found a close-to-new-favorite for fresh seafood in Nashville.I typed this whole review after giving Whitfield's a good solid 4 stars.  When I got to the end of my review here, ready to justify why they didn't receive a full 5 stars, I couldn't think of a reason.
<review# 1046,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/16/2012,9/11/2012,69,394,,5,2>I have two little shih tzu furballs and have struggled to fins a good groomer for the two and half years I've lived in Nashville. This place has ended my search once and for all - great hours, including Saturday and Sunday, great puppy cuts, impeccably clean and fabulous service. Like, they delivered my dogs to my house fabulous. Five little puppy paw toes up!
<review# 1047,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/1/2010,8/18/2011,105,230,3,4,3>I thought the theme of the place might be green or that maybe it was just a witty name that had absolutely nothing to do with the bar itself. Both wrong. The Greenhouse Bar is literally a greenhouse. There are few venues that will top how cool this one is. The Greenhouse most definitely draws hipsters who enjoy drinking tallboy PBRs, but there was another large crowd that may best be categorized as martini drinking folk.To be quite honest, this place is stellar. The outdoor seating is great and even has a fire pit to help out with the increasingly cool evenings. Inside are tons of separate sitting areas surrounded by plants and twinkle lights and hanging flat screens. The Greenhouse has a full bar as well as Fat Tire and Blue Moon on tap. This is a great bar to meet a large group or have a relaxing, low-key night. My one complaint: Nashville hasn't caught up with the times and has yet to ban smoking in bars. Lame.
<review# 1048,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/8/2011,8/17/2011,217,312,4,7,7>One of the great Nashville secrets.In college I was roommates with a film arts major who had the first laser disc system and home theater sound system I had ever heard.  He was also always bringing home foreign and art films to watch and I really learned from that experience.  From there, I was introduced to indie films, which were only shown at one theater in town and occasionally at the university center.I am not sure I would have ever gone to class if I had gone to college and lived in proximity to the Belcourt.  Be it a Kurosawa or Fellini retrospective or perhaps the latest new indie hit that didn't screen well enough to make it to the McMegaplex - you'll find it easily at the Belcourt.They also have live performances, concerts, burlesque shows; you name it, they have hosted it.Another important item to note is that they serve booze and draft beer in addition to snacks like popcorn.  Make sure you buy some, because it is how they stay in business.During the summer, they host a great free movie series of classic films projected against the outside wall of the theater.  Just pull a lawn chair up into the parking lot and prepare to enjoy a summer treat.They offer the ability to support them via a membership which not only helps to support them, but gets you discounts on admission and concessions which is totally worth it.
<review# 1049,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/29/2010,8/16/2011,116,191,5,4,2>I think I have found the most decadent sandwich in all the land...the Pimento Plus.  It's basically a grilled pimento cheese and bacon on a croissant.  Heaven!  Tiny angels hang out around it and play harps.I also love the Benedictine (cucumber/cream cheese) sandwich, blueberry lemon bread and the addictive Picnic Punch (fruit tea).  Where did the 5th star go?  I'm honestly not wild about the sides.  I am trying the coleslaw today and it is very dry and needs salt.  The potato and pasta salads also do nothing for me.  The frozen fruit is good once it thaws.  Service wise I have had good service all but once.  The first time I went, the service was atrocious and my mother was afraid to ask questions after an ice cold reception and blank stares from the younger girls working there...I was hesitant to come back, but (a few months later) glad I did.
<review# 1050,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/16/2010,8/15/2011,54,100,2,4,3>This location is excellent. Spacious and clean with lots of TVs and a game room to keep the kids busy for a while.Pizza was fantastic  NY style. Pretty fold-able crust. Good cheese to sauce ratio. Basic cheese pizza rocked.The winner today was the steamed turkey sub. Awesome. One of the best sandwiches I've had in a while. They bake their own bread and it is absolutely chewy and delicious. If I lived closer I'd weigh 300lbs.
<review# 1051,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/13/2010,8/14/2011,42,90,3,4,4>I really wish that I lived closer to CREMA.  I've only been once (very sad) and perhaps that doesn't warrant a review just yet, but I cannot help it!  Nashville is blessed to have an establishment such as this.  Being a Starbucks barista in the past, I am completely enamored with places like CREMA and their employees.  They aren't worried about "speed of service" and they don't have that Corporate feel.  The experience and knowledge that the employees have at CREMA is nothing compared to chain coffee shops.  If you've ever spent time on their blog you'll know what I'm talking about (crema-coffee.com/blog).  These guys are legit.  One huge difference I noticed was the appropriate temperature of my drink.  I ordered a Soy Chai Latte (or something like that) and I was able to take the drink from the barista's hand and immediately put it to my lips and start drinking.  You'll rarely find that at a Starbucks.  At Starbucks, unless you specify that you DON'T want your drink center-of-the-sun hot, you'll end up waiting about 20 minutes before you can actually drink any of it!  I was not able to enjoy the atmosphere inside for very long, but I hope to go back and take a second (or third, fourth...) look soon!  CREMA is definitely a place you need to check out!
<review# 1052,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/20/2011,8/13/2011,47,141,,4,3>If you want to eat at Pancake Pantry, expect to wait. Whether it's 20 degrees or 70 degrees, I've had to wait at least an hour... OUTSIDE. The line is usually wrapped around the building, especially on the weekends. Once you get in, the food is definitely worth it. The steak and eggs are fantastic! The hash browns are out of this world. I wasn't terribly excited about the normal buttermilk pancakes, but the sweet potato pancakes are AMAZING!! The only reason that I didn't give the restaurant 5 stars is because some of the servers aren't the friendliest. Many of the employees are great (like the greeters), but in my most recent experience I was served by a woman who was unbelievably rude. Then to end the experience, the woman at the register acted like she was hating life. I just hope I don't see them again so I can enjoy my next experience.
<review# 1053,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/31/2011,8/12/2011,124,52,1,11,5>Have you noticed how there are lots of different things to do in bars, but it's rare to find a place that does more than one of them well? I mean, some places have great live music, but terrible food and no atmosphere. Some places have an extensive wine list, but they feel so cold and exclusive, most of your friends don't want to meet there.  Mostly this doesn't bother me. I'm a when-in-Rome kinda girl. So if a bar's thing is microbrew beer, I'll ask the bartender for a recommendation and try something adventurous. If I'm at a dive to meet friends and catch up, I'll drink bourbon on the rocks and if we're swing dancing to a killer band, I'll probably just be chugging water at any break in the music. I don't need a bar to do it all, as long as they do *something* well.No. 308's thing is craft cocktails, or "fancy drinks" as I like to call them, and do them well they do.I've been craving a Pimm's Cup since summer arrived and No. 308 is one of the only places to get one in Nashville, but then the Spicoli caught my eye. It's a concoction of gin, Pimm's, the house-made cucumber juice, serrano chili and rosewater. Quite light and refreshing and would be perfect for a porch swing on a sweaty day. I loved the cucumber juice, but I would have liked a little more gin flavor to give it some bite. They make fresh juices and syrups in house and combine them with every liquor under the sun. Every single drink sounds good to me and I might have to make it my personal mission to try the entire summer menu before Labor Day. Luckily, the classic mixed drink are 2 for 1 at Happy Hour, which is every day from 5-8. And since No. 308 has eclectic mid century vintage decor, plenty of seating for groups, groovy tunes on the stereo and a really nice little selection of small plates, even my friends who aren't into fancy drinks can order a $3 Miller High Life and have fun with the cocktail sippers. But I don't see much sense in going there without getting experimental with the drinks and giving your taste buds a little lovin'. When in Rome, right?
<review# 1054,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,10/10/2010,8/10/2011,111,543,7,5,3>OK, I'm going to rant about it being classified as a "dive bar" and then say it's good - you can skip the rant and rest assured it's good or read on.For a dive bar...wait...it's in east nashville.  Don't see how it's a dive for anywhere other than East Nasty.  That's like saying the Waldorf Astoriais a dive for hotels.  This bar is a place where you can go whatever you're dressed like and probably be fine.  Beer is a bit high, booze is a bit high, atmosphere is slightly smoke laden but nothing to write home about.Only a dive if you consider hipsters with twenty thousand dollar credit card limits who pay their tabs and are respectful of others and order locally made craft beers patrons of a dive bar.  It's about as much of a dive bar as McDonalds is a bistro.  I was going to throw in a comment about how many Converse All Stars I saw here but forgot how I was going to tie it in.You want a dive bar?  Go to the former "Ground Zero" or Stillwater / Springwater whatever the urinal near the park is called.  (as a note, I have nothing against that place, I call it a urinal as one day I was there, the bathroom had overflowed and someone I think was peeing on the bar) - that is a dive bar.  A dive bar, even if you black out and have no memory of the night you know you were at that bar due to the smell you have when you wake up.Well, Dive bar for Nashville... we don't really have well known dive bars, we have what gentrified people think a dive bar might oughta be.  If you have not seen two old rednecks fighting over something that involved the bartender threatening to cut someone, it's not a dive bar.  Frat boys do not count.anyway, enough about what a dive bar is... this is not a dive unless you want to call all of East Nashville a dive, as they're all here.This place is a nice little bar, you go, you drink, you have fun, you can call it a dive bar if you're afraid to go to a real dive bar, it;s a good little place.Beer is approx $2 more than it should be at a dive bar, the people are nice and well groomed regardless of what they're trying to look like.  The place is more of a scene than a bar, but it's ok.I like it.Go there, enjoy, but trying to claim it as a dive is like trying to claim the Olive Garden is Italian food.The people - all seem nice.  Couple of gay guys, a lesbian and a transsexual, bunch of football fans last time I went.  Couple of out of towners, two bikers in leather yet without so much as one splattered bug carcass on them, bunch of people who dressed like the Mac guy, jeans and t-shirts and a couple of people who looked like they were at a business meeting on Sunday.Fun place, slow service due to - you know, I'm not entirely sure why the service is so slow.  I've watched with 2 bartenders there and a line 9 deep (which was approx 1 out of 6 people) and it moves too slowly.  Seems like a breakdown between pouring and paying.  The pour is fast, but the pay a pain.  I think they might be better served to have a bartender and someone acting as a cashier rather than 2 bartenders doing both.  Not a game killer, but it's annoying when you know it could go faster and it's not.Their Bloody Mary's are supposedly the best in Nashville (I think as judged by the Nashville Scene) - I won't say that, I reserve that for Mad Donnas personally, but they're damn good.  If you need a way to get both your veggies and booze on, this is a good place for it.
<review# 1055,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/21/2010,8/9/2011,627,968,11,7,6>So I love it when a company decides to take some hard working souls such as myself out for a nice dinner.  Of course, it also includes a mandatory educational opportunity but hey, I'll suffer through boring work talk to get a good dinner at a nice place.  Last night Watermark was the place.First things first.  GAH the parking situation was killing me.  This was mostly my fault since I had no clue where I was going and was driving around like a tourist.  Didn't see a valet although I heard they had one - where was it?  This rockstar wants to know.  As I circled around the block to come back and try, try again a bus almost sideswiped my beautiful new baby car.  I had that thing thrown in reverse and was ready to hit the guy behind me to get away from the bus.  ANYWAYS after all that drama I just parked at a pay parking lot.  Score - it was only $2.  But seriously, what a stressor!  Next time I'll know what to do - cab it.So when I walked in I was all hyped up on adrenaline after almost getting into a fight with a bus and I hoofed it upstairs to the hostess stand.  Two chickies were standing there with what I will have to say was a pleasant demeanor with an undercurrent of snobby superiority.  Oh puuleeeze ladies, I almost beat up a bus, I'm sure I could take you two! Ha!  The room I needed to be in was back down the stairs.  Doh, I should have just looked around more.  However, I will say the dining room was nice - dark wood floors, white tablecloths, etc.I found the party room and was pleasantly surprised.  What a nice party room!  This one was set up for about 10 people but it is big enough that you could definitely have a party for at least 20 or maybe 30 depending on how they set it up.  Note to self: must throw myself dinner party here.So on to the food.  We had set menu choices and free-flowing wine so I have no idea how these things are priced but I am guessing this shit ain't cheap.  Here's the rundown on the food:-sweet potato soup with spiced cashews, curried creme fraiche and micro beet greens: thickest soup I've ever eaten but it was extremely delicious.  The spiced cashews really set this mutha off!  I have no idea what beet greens even are and they really weren't prominent so don't let that scare you off.- wood grilled Labelle Farms duck breast with spaghetti squash, golden raisins, candied hazlenuts, and maple:  I am a SUCKER for sweet with my meat (that's what she said?) and this dish was perfect.  The raisins and hazlenuts added sweetness to the perfectly grilled duck.  Note that these were more like duck "medallions" not a full, bone-in roast duck or anything.  Would be hard to look all cool and pretentious while eating it!  haha- red chili chocolate pot de creme:  OH MY GAH I looooove anything chocolate that has some spice in it.  Like mole sauce.  But I digress.  This was like a richer, creamier chocolate pudding if you will but with a hint of spicy chilis.  I. Wanted. To. Lick. The. Bowl. Clean.  Loved it.- wine, white, no idea what brand but it gave me a delicious buzz and we know I love that.We had one waiter for our party of 8 people and he did a great job.  He was pleasant, he was always there with a wine and water refill, and he even handed out cards for us to get on the mailing list.  I wish they would mail me some of that dessert and a bottle of that wine and I'd up them to a full 5 star! Ha!Watermark is really the first "fine dining" place I've gone here in Nashville since I've been back and I was pretty happy with it.  The rockstar was pleased....now go get my car.
<review# 1056,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/27/2011,8/8/2011,42,86,6,11,7>Does East Nashville already have several ice cream shops? Yes, yes it does. Do any compare to Jeni's? Uh, NO.Let's just start off by saying if you're in the market for mind-blowingly great ice cream, Jeni's is the place to be. There's no chemical bases to any of their flavors, just simple, high-quality ingredients that meld together to blow your socks off. I especially enjoyed the sign inside that states, among other things, "We Believe in Glorious Butterfat."Upon entering Jeni's, you can sense the passion everyone has for making sure you have an original and great experience. I was one of what seemed like thousands of people who lined up to receive their free scoops of ice cream prior to their opening night, and actually had a great time. Jeni herself as well as the store manager, Bailey, came out to meet and greet the massive line of people waiting throughout the night, as well as to bring out samples of their delightful macaroons!I had the Queen City Cayenne and the ever-popular Salty Caramel, and was momentarily transported to some other orgasmic food universe  where birds sang and butterflies flitted around in happiness.Do yourself a favor and go check it out today!
<review# 1057,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/10/2012,10/23/2012,47,141,,3,3>I heart Sicilian Pizza!!! Not only is the pizza excellent here (especially just the plain ole cheese), but it is one of the few places open so late (or early depending on how you look at it)! The hours are from 10 am to 4 am. CRAZINESS! I am one of those people who can eat pizza for every meal of the day, so that's perfect. Plus, the pizzas aren't crazy expensive. Last time I checked, it's $7.99 for a large!  It's a great location downtown, and it's become our go-to place to satisfy our late night/ early morning cravings. Who doesn't want a pizza party at 3 a.m.? ?? YUM!!
<review# 1058,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,7/3/2012,10/22/2012,69,60,3,3,2>Lets chat for moment.  We all go through identity crises from time to time.  Are we lawyers or rock stars?  Are we cool or are we nerdy?  Salty or sweet?  It's perfectly normal to have these feelings.  In fact it's healthy, it allows us to better define ourselves and move in a hard direction.  In theory it would be great if restaurants could do this also.  If they could successfully navigate an identify change then restaurants would never close and we would be delighted with a new flavor experience fort nightly.  Alas, they cannot.  The Southern seems to suffer from an identity crisis of sorts.  I want to be clear about something before I go on.  The food is good, really good.  The identity crisis is not about food, this place lives up to its name for the most part.  The identity crisis exists in the profile of the restaurant.  Is The Southern trying to be an upscale oyster and steak house or is it trying to be a good regionally non-specific eatery in the heart of SoBro?  I don't know.  That's the problem.  I ate here with my wife and I paid as much or more for a steak than I would have at Mortons, yet my wife paid $20 for her whole meal.  So once again I ask, what are you trying to be?  Let me critique the food for a moment.The steak I ordered was among the better steaks I have had.  It was well prepared and seasoned perfectly.  I had a salad with it that was creative and fresh.  I also had a fall themed cocktail.  Outside of it being the middle of summer, it was a delicious libation.  My lone gripe with the beverage was that there was far too much condiment in it.  It made it difficult to drink.My wife had a crab cake as well as a few other small plate items.  They were from all over the map southernly speaking which made for a nice tour of the south.  Her items were absolutely delicious and required nothing but enjoyment.  She also had a cocktail that was full of flavor but also over done with condiments.So what does it come down to?  This is a place I would lunch at regularly if I worked downtown.  I think it probably provides the best bang for the buck at that time of day.  However, at night I think the Southern needs to decide what it wants to be.  If it decides to be a SoBro staple that caters to its neighbors in the Encore and surrounding Broadway venues then I think it can drop the overpriced steaks and stick with a more traditional southern menu.  If it opts to be the place the caters to the crowds frequenting the Schermerhorn then steaks it is, but don't confuse us with a 4 page menu where one page has little to do with the last.
<review# 1059,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/14/2012,10/21/2012,29,67,,2,3>this old-fashioned ice cream place is great.  There was a long line when we got there, but they've got a pretty efficient system and worth the wait. They sell everything from ice cream, hot dogs, shakes, and hamburgers.
<review# 1060,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/14/2012,10/20/2012,23,71,3,5,4>Dear fine purveyor of "authentic Mexican food" (who seems to think that the "Mexican-by-the-numbers" chain joints are authentic Mexican, and who hated Chuy's so much he apparently went to two different locations to decide he hated it, since he reviewed both of them),I can't believe someone went here thinking they were going to eat "authentic Mexican food." Read much dude? Check the front of the menu. They never claimed to be authentic Mexican. It's chain Tex Mex. It's a great replacement for the failing Don Pablos that you have to drive 3 hours for now, since they closed half of them.  Their food is pretty dern tasty, but no, it's not authentic Mexican food, "for the dumbasses that like that crap." I guess authentic Mexican restaurants would make their own tortillas in-house. (OOPS! Chuy's does that.)  I'll take fresh food that's made by health department standards any day over "authentic Mexican."  Try the Comida Deluxe, for a little bit of everything. Great margaritas too. Also, free make your own nachos in the bar at happy hour is a bonus.
<review# 1061,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/25/2012,10/17/2012,170,180,1,4,3>Great park! Huge open space - excellent for frisbee, soccer, baseball, etc. But also enough trees for shade while you read or picnic. Tennis courts and a playground (the park is essentially the "front lawn" for West End Middle School) are added bonuses.It's now the lunch time and all day Sat-Sun home of several new Nashville food trucks, which has upped foot traffic considerably. And yes, the medieval battles [they call the organization Dagorhir (dagger here, get it...)] are pretty entertaining.
<review# 1062,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/27/2012,10/16/2012,8,50,,11,4>Updating my review because they've moved to a new location since my previous review. Their new location is fantastic! My biggest complaint about their old location was that it was so cramped. Full of great stuff, but a little overwhelming because it was packed in so tightly. Their new location has so much more room! They filled some of that space with new yarns, but overall, it's just more spacious and roomy and easy to get around in. Re: the reviewer upset because they wouldn't wind yarn purchased elsewhere for her - I don't know of any yarn shop in Nashville or anywhere else who would do this. I'm shocked that someone would expect this of a yarn store. Good luck with that. I have my own ball winder and swift because, well, I buy yarn all over and I prefer to keep it in hanks until I'm ready to knit with it. Also, the shop is NOT in Green Hills. I don't know if this area of town has an "official" name, but most people I know just call it the Whitebridge area.
<review# 1063,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/13/2012,10/15/2012,20,73,1,4,3>Cabana is one of my favorite restaurants in Nashville. It's actually where I came my first night living in the city. I was impressed then and 6 years later, I still am. The ambience is great and feels trendy and upscale, though not pretentious. It's a fantastic place to bring out-of-town guests. I suggest reserving a Cabana or a table on the patio.This is a great spot for dining with large groups. They will take reservations for large parties. I have had a birthday dinner here and many happy hours with friends. We've had as many as 15 people and the service did not suffer. I definitely suggest making reservations though as they are very busy on the weekend and also on Wednesdays, during Girls Night Out.Girls Night Out deserves its own paragraph! Hump-day never felt so good! This was a brilliant idea and one of the best deals in town if you're female!  $5 appetizers and $3 drink specials? Um, yes, please! For apps, I suggest trying their crab cake, white bean hummus and Tennessee sliders. Delicious and filling!Cabana also has 2-for-1 pizza and beer on Sunday, Monday and Tuesday. Awesome deal and their pizzas are delish! I highly recommend the blanco and margherita pizzas, but building your own is fun, too. They have tons of toppings to choose from! And if you're ever here during Restaurant Week, make sure you visit Cabana. They always have an awesome 3-course meal and it's very affordable.
<review# 1064,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/30/2012,10/14/2012,225,1098,2,2,3>Never had a bad time at BIG SHOTZ----love the classic rock music that they are typically playing----you can get pretty hammered here if you don't watch because they always have drink specials and they are really good...the food specials are good too...the little cheese stuffed pretzel bites are freakin' awesome......they take request for songs like ac/dc and stones all the things you want to hear and sing along to.....if your looking for a good time but not the meat market scene go here---it is just old hippes and drinkers that love music hanging out and enjoying life....
<review# 1065,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/5/2012,10/13/2012,69,295,2,4,2>Sometimes you really get tired of fast food (looking at Chickfila across the way). Good ol' food with the right consistency every time!! When I say everything is good, I mean everything!!! I always eat here when I'm shopping in Franklin!Ask for a rewards card to earn a free meal!
<review# 1066,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/9/2012,10/12/2012,38,244,,3,3>The first time I tried am@fm, I was sorely disappointed (see my last review), but I decided to give it another chance today while I was at the farmers' market next door.  I saw that they offered a veggie and hummus sandwich on naan bread and ordered that with a side of kale with golden raisins and walnuts.  It was tasty, quality food for under $7 and I left full!  Now I get what all the hype is about and I believe that first time was just a fluke!  I also want to give a shout-out to the really sweet young man at the counter who was very helpful and kind and gave me a free brownie - a far cry from the previous server who acted like she didn't even want to be there.The kale was amazing and something definitely want to recreate at home and while the sandwich was good, the hummus could have been more flavorful - it was slightly on the bland side.  Good thing the fresh naan made up for it!
<review# 1067,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/25/2013,11/30/2013,26,230,5,7,2>You want a lot of seafood for a good price? This is the place to go. Is it fancy? No. Is it romantic? Maybe more like a romantic comedy.The secret sauce is a mix of good service, really fresh seafood, and lots of butter. I have paid a lot more for seafood in Nashville and it wasn't as tasty or fresh. During our dinner, the crowd had a fun, social vibe - you have to lighten up as you get your hands greasy breaking open crab legs and shoving your face. It's good picnic food too. Just bring extra napkins to make a bib.
<review# 1068,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/24/2013,11/29/2013,90,51,3,4,2>Silo-what can I say? They had me at Bacon Carmel Corn. That's right-grab one of their craft cocktails and order a bowl. It's that good. That's how the meal started. Sat at the bar. The bartenders are super friendly (and hipster as hell) and service was attentive but not over bearing. Ordered the burger and a side of the grits. Totally awesome! I'm a grits expert and these are worth the order. I'll be back.
<review# 1069,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/12/2013,11/28/2013,15,69,1,8,4>Amazing. Amazing. Amazing.The Lamb meatballs is fantastic (reminds me of the flavors at my home), absolutely perfectly cooked, the sauce has the right amount of spices ( Guy Fieri ate this on food channel here,  he does not look like a guy to trust but he was right on spot here)Even the humble gyro has a touch of perfection here, the quality of beef and more than that, the way it is cooked speaks volumes about how well Mediterranean people cook meat. They are the experts at cooking meat  and Athens proves that.This is the Best of the Best of Nashville!
<review# 1070,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/15/2013,11/27/2013,107,182,3,8,6>I have never had vegan pizza by the slice before. I had been left out of the pizza parties for a long time, but no longer! I have found my new go-to spot for an epic vegan slice. It is close to Vanderbilt and the pizza is awesome. They alternate between the two vegan pizzas on the menu. Both are awesome so whenever you go you can get something good. It is also great for all those non-lactose people out there too.They also have a good beer selections for a decent price. If there were happy hour deals, I would be here every day for a slice and a beer. I highly recommend checking this place out. They will meet your dietary needs and make you happy. The owner is super nice too. They also deliver!The decor is cute and they have a great patio for warm nights. I'm so glad to have Two Boots in the neighborhood (and close to my office).
<review# 1071,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/30/2013,11/26/2013,220,423,2,5,4>Spirits. Nashville's best bartenders. A local venue with beautiful decor. Awesome food. Yup. All of these things I love and combined make an absolute blast of an evening. Is it great when you try to go to work the next day? No, not even a tiny bit.I was lucky enough to win free tickets via Yelp (THANK YOU!) and now will purchase tickets every year, because this event was SO much fun. We received one drink ticket for a full pour vodka drink along with unlimited samples of cocktails made by Nashville's best bartenders and appetizers. The bartenders were friendly and most tables offered two selections of drinks. Some were odd; others creative and amazing, some were a bit run of the mill. It was really nice getting to talk to representatives from Nashville's best, and the Loews Vanderbilt Hotel was beautiful. Only complaint; we didn't get to try even one of the delicious food options because instead of having a buffet style food area, they had servers walking around with trays and the food was snatched up within a few feet of the door :(. As you can imagine, a ton of vodka based cocktails + no food for two hours = I'm taking a cab home. In chatting with other guests, the bash last year had a bit of a better set up for guests. There were some long lines too, but I definitely didn't go thirsty. This event was so much fun, and I can't wait to see where it will be held next year! Just need some food options before or just need to plan a vacation day for the following morning.
<review# 1072,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/11/2013,11/25/2013,49,133,7,12,7>Just having a dinner here one night should be sufficient to earn you a Meathead badge.For $32.99, you get a Full Rodizio meal which includes appetizers (Banana Frita, Polenta & Pao de Queijo aka Brazilian Cheese Bread), grilled meats, and full salad bar. To order the meat, you flip the wooden peg to GREEN. To stop, flip to RED. To order desert, flip it horizontally so the YELLOW faces up. Delicious grilled meat runs from beef, lamb, chicken, pork, to fish. The sweet and sour chicken is a must! It was my favorite out of all the 10+ meats I tried. Grilled pineapple and grilled tomato with parmesan cheese are also available if you want to get away from the meat a little bit. The salad bar was pretty amazing. There were so many types of salad, but my favorite was the Quinoa salad. The good thing about this place is they offer variety of Gluten Free salads. For drinks, I had the Hot Sunset (?). My friends had the Caipirinha (Brazilian classic cocktail) and something else on the list Gabriella recommended. They all were very good but not to point that made me drunk. We had the Flan and Orange Creme Brûlée. They both were delicious and not too sweet. Customer service was EXCELLENT. As soon as we turned the wooden peg to green, every 10 seconds there was a Passadores (Good-looking ones *cough*) came to cut us meat. The waitress was also very attentive. We asked for hot sauce and they had Siracha sauce for us (Siracha at a Brazilian restaurant!!). They weren't being cheap on the sauce either and gave us a full cup of it. We didn't need to make reservations on a Monday night, however I recommend to make one if you plan to go on weekend. This place can get crowded pretty quickly. They also offered valet parking here ($7 on weekdays, $10 on weekend) but we decided to park a little farther. After eating all of those delicious food, a long walk was much needed...For the ladies, I recommend you wear a dress or something comfortable (you'll thank me later).Check out this place, y'all. The FEAST is waiting for ya at Rodizio Grill!2013/#53
<review# 1073,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/28/2013,11/24/2013,10,306,4,8,3>Phenomenal.(I could leave it at that, but I guess Yelp frowns on 1-word reviews?)So I'll go on to say that the pho is amazing. Definitely among my top three phos I've ever tasted (one of the others was homemade by a Vietnamese cook and the other one was in Bensonhurst Brooklyn -- but this is actually better and more consistent than the Bensonhurst one).This place is nowhere near where I live, but I'm happy to make the trek across town to eat here.Warning - Vn Pho & Deli is closed on Tuesdays. Do NOT make a special trip here on Tuesday hoping to lap up a bowl of pho, because you will heave heartbroken.What else? Shout out to Tran T. for recommending the avocado smoothie. That is one incredible beverage - thick, smooth, creamy and sweet (but not too sweet, because, you know, it still tastes like avocado).Tonight I branched out and had #18 - the special combo, which has like 8 different delicious items on a plate of broken rice, including BBQ pork (phenomenal), ground shrimp wrapped in bean curd, shredded pork and something called Vietnamese meatloaf, which is definitely a far cry from American meatloaf, but which I devoured happily nonetheless.So now I'm on the horns of a dilemma - when I go back to VN Pho & Deli (which I hope to do soon), do I order the delicious pho or the delicious combo? Price? Let's just say that this is one of the best deals in town. Even with an appetizer (legit egg rolls), the smoothie and two entrees, my wife and I barely break the $20 barrier (pre-tip).I'm also impressed with the cleanliness at the restaurant -- including the bathroom. A clean and well-stocked bathroom should be a given, but that's not always the case at every restaurant. Thankfully, VN Pho & Deli has clean restrooms, including (plumbing geek alert) a dual-flush toilet, at least on the men's side.It seems like VN Pho & Deli has plenty of happy customers, which is great to see, because they are cooking up amazing food at an excellent price-value ratio. Heartwarming, life-affirming, cooked and served with passion and pride: This is what food should be.PS - Oh yeah, guess I should add in the usual caveat in case this is the only VN Pho & Deli review you read. Cash only. C'est la vie.
<review# 1074,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/25/2013,11/23/2013,120,286,3,5,2>The single greatest food experience in Thompsons Station.Drink menu is something you would expect from a high end bar, and the food is high quality down home cooking. Chef Lance's Shrimp Creole is second to NONE.
<review# 1075,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/9/2013,11/22/2013,90,83,4,13,6>Good News Pizza Fans!  Music City Pizza doesn't suck.  In fact, it's the opposite of suck!  It's...well, I guess the opposite of suck is blow...and it doesn't blow either.  Uhm...Well, whatever the good version of not sucking would be - this place is for sure!  However, it's not all rainbows and unicorns.As you have probably come to expect from reading my reviews - my dinner club and I stepped out to the new Music City Pizza last night after hearing mostly positive things from other diners.  Yelp reviews also confirmed that MCP was the place to be!  (Hey, I rhymed! You are welcome MCP!)  Anyway - my group of 11 people came in a 7pm  and we were seated pretty quickly.  I'm not sure if someone in my group called ahead - but the table was ready when I got there.  Which, by the way, the place is really cool looking.  The dining area, the bar, the kitchen - all very interesting.  Even the bathrooms looked neat.  However, if I were them - I would rethink the black dishes.  Scratches and water spots show up very well on black - which makes you think the plates are dirty when they aren't.Anyway ... They took our drink orders and appetizer orders and that stuff came out pretty quickly.  Our table had ordered a couple orders of the Bleu Balls - and, of course, being a table of guys - we all laughed at the name.  These morsels of cheese, bacon and dates went over very well with our crew.  Next came the pizza orders.  Those took a little time - which was fine.  We weren't in a hurry.  However, as the norm for me dining out recently - my food was no where to be found.  Everyone else had their pizzas and one of the pizzas had to be remade.  They had the remade pizza out before mine - which should have gone in with everyone elses at the beginning - came out later.  Apparently they lost my ticket.  But, I finally did get my pizza and, I have to say, it was pretty good.I got the roadie and it had some great sausage and pepperoni on it.  The pepperoni is standard pepperoni.  Nothing particularly special about it.  But the sausage was the star.  Big chunks of it all over the pizza and it had a sweet and spicy flavor.  Very unusual but very good!  I'd order it again.Then at the end of the meal - the checks came.  Two of my friends tickets got mixed up and I ended up not getting a check.  I brought it to the attention of my server that I didn't have one.  She then told me that they ended up comping my meal since they had lost my ticket from before and the pizza took forever to come out.  That was nice of them - but, I wish they would have told me before I went asking for my ticket.  In all - there were some problems and some obvious confusion going on in the kitchen (its totally open) - but, they haven't been open long and I'm sure that will get worked out.  And - they admitted their problems and made it right.  I'll be back to MCP for sure.  It may not be as good as my favorite pizza place, DeSano's, but its still damn good!
<review# 1076,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/2/2013,11/21/2013,243,217,2,4,3>The WKND is a grown and sexy lounge spot located downtown. Wifey and I checked it out on a Saturday around 7-730 for some prelim drinks before we headed to Sambucca for dinner and I must say I really like this place! We tried the wings and they were really good, I topped it off with a crown & coke (that had 95% crown the rest coke! LAWD!!) a little too strong but hey I'm not into wasting money so bottoms up!There is parking around the corner and on the side streets but I preferred valet which was only $5 so why the heck not!? WKND contains outside seating, bar tables with chairs and some cushioned round seating for bigger parties. There is also an additional room that has a separate bar with TVs and seating that looked kinda cozy, i really wish we could have stayed longer to see what the actual night life is like but there will be other times i promise that! ALL in ALL I will be back to check it out!
<review# 1077,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/27/2011,2/10/2012,227,1291,3,7,6>I've been to the one in Smryna and honestly thought it was a local chain. I'm breaking my own rule of limiting chain restaurants to three stars no matter how good. I honestly had no idea it was a chain-it seemed like just a local BBQ spot with a few locations in the Nashville area. My gf and I were the first to arrive for dinner and since we were both starving ordered the queso and chips which were good-I only mention it because it's usually a throwaway item on most menus but this one was good. I ordered the 2 meat combo with the brisket and pulled pork with the mac and cheese and got the fried green tomato (the veggie of the day.) I've had the brisket before which is probably some of the best I've had and the pulled pork was also phenomenal. You know what stuck out the most though? The mac and cheese, it was so unbelievably good. The FGT though was also nothing to sneeze at, a great authentic side dish. My gf got the 4 bones ribs plate and she also got the mac and cheese and the mashed potatoes. She ate through the ribs-before she got full but ate all the M&C since she thought it was so good too and ate all but 1 of the ribs. No sauce necessary just a nicely smoked, slow cooked piece of rib. It may not have been the best place to introduce here to authentic TN bbq but it was an tasty one.
<review# 1078,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/25/2011,2/9/2012,44,217,9,9,6>Perhaps the best fried chicken and worst atmosphere.  The recipe was invented when owner wanted to get back at her boyfriend by making him scream in pain from some overly seasoned and hot chicken.  Anyways, mild is plenty spicy, and they serve some decent lemon sweet tea.  But seriously, call in your order and maybe pay someone to pick it up for you.  It's ridiculous that people have to stand in line so long to wait for chicken.  I'm not sure how the line cook works, but the wait is too long.  I appreciate fresh food, but 45 minutes to cook some chicken is cr8zy.Oh and the parking lot is dirty, and people trying to hustle by selling trinkets.  Not exactly a family atmosphere, and the location is in the middle of nowhere.Disclaimer:  If you care at all about atmosphere, do not come here
<review# 1079,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/5/2011,2/8/2012,26,148,,4,2>This place has a great variety of flavors, both fruity and creamy. My personal favorite for creamy is cookies and cream, and my fruity favorite is now strawberry lime, which I tried today. So delicious! The flavor also lingers on your tongue after you eat it, which always makes me want more. Each popsicle is $2.50, and always remember to bring cash, as they do not accept credit cards.
<review# 1080,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/1/2011,2/7/2012,148,641,3,9,9>Stellar. I could not be more pleased with my experience at the Nashville Humane Society.The facility itself is clean, open and welcoming. The only other Humane Association shelter I've been to is the one in Pasadena, Ca where I adopted my dog and it was like the Ritz for animals. Nashville's shelter gave me a somewhat similar feeling. I had already had my heart set on adopting cats from here because I believe in the institutions mission and I wanted kittens who would be thoroughly examined, already fixed and have their shots.My boyfriend and I brought home Storm and Gambit after an hour of perusing the cat  tree room and cat cages with windows looking outside. I think the best thing about this location is that you are able to take any of the kitties out of their cages for a more personal encounter. We brought Storm and Gambit in to the small visitation room at the end of the cat hall and after a few minutes we knew these 4 month old litter mates were the ones. After filling out our paperwork which took about 15 minutes, we were helped by a very friendly employee at the front desk who approved our application, got a box for the kitties and sent us on our way within 30 minutes. After 2 or 3 days we settled on Koufax for the boy (after Sandy Koufax) and Brisby for the girl (after Mrs. Brisby from The Secret of NIMH). We couldn't be more pleased with our adopted cats even if they don't know how to bury their crap up after they use the litter box. The following week NHA called us to check on the kittens and to make sure that everything was going well. Awesome!
<review# 1081,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/23/2011,2/6/2012,74,82,4,4,3>Let me tell you about Chet. I have been going to Chet for 15 years. I used to drive to his old shop in Donelson. Bottom line is the man can cut hair.  Chet is a large man who can help you solve the worlds problems in the time it takes you to get a haircut and if you want to shell out the extra dough I highly recommend getting a shave.  If you have get a chance go see old Chet he will great you with a smile and slap a hot towel on your neck and give you a great hair cut. Trust me you will like this guy.
<review# 1082,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/20/2011,2/5/2012,139,429,7,5,5>How, how, how did it take me over two years of being a Nashvillian before I finally wound up in a pew in the back of the Bluebird cafe jamming out to songs being sung by the unfamiliar voices of the people that wrote them?Came here with some work buddies on a Tuesday evening and had such a great time.  There's not a bad seat in the house and it feels so intimate and cozy, like the concert is just for you, and a really nice waitress is there to bring you coffee and pie.  I catch myself thinking about this evening often, and this usually prompts me to check their website for upcoming names that I know.  Also, you better believe that everyone that comes to visit me from this point on will be accompanying me to this venue.  I mean, if people come from all over the world to play here, the very least I can do is enjoy going to applaud their sweet serenades!
<review# 1083,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/13/2011,2/4/2012,26,493,,7,2>During one of my trips to Belfast to visit the in-laws, I had lamb for the first time. Since then, I've made this protein as my first choice when I try out a restaurant that offers it. I was absolutely thrilled to see lamb on the menu at Taziki. I had their grilled lamb plate, which came with a salad and a choice of either rice or potatoes. The Asian in me always chooses the rice. It also comes with a "skordalia" sauce -- it looks like hummus, but it's made out of bread. I sincerely hope that I didn't make the guy who took my order feel bad -- when I asked what this sauce was, he started off saying it was made from kaiser roll. I thought I misheard him; he thought his accent made him say the wrong word. He was fine -- I was simply doing a double take on a sauce made from bread. I've heard of this type of sauce before; I just didn't expect it. They gave me a sample with a crunchy pita. It was heavenly.Frankly, I expected the lamb to be chopped up. When my order came, and I saw 3 fillets (fat strips) of lamb, I was dumbstruck and pleased. Both the salad dressing and the skordalia sauce came on the side, which I appreciated. The crunchy pita seemed homemade. But it was slightly on the salty side -- but I've also noticed that in general, prepared food around Nashville tastes saltier than what I'm used to. The lamb was slightly pink in the middle (the way I like it) and was great. While I enjoyed the skordalia sauce with the pita, I think the next time I get this dish, I will ask for tzatziki, instead (or order it in addition, since I sincerely like both sauces).I also like the interior. The tables and comfortable chairs seem more expensive than the type of casual, cafe dining offered. There are also salads and gyros on the menu.
<review# 1084,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/29/2011,2/3/2012,70,64,6,6,3>My company frequently takes "Dive Friday" lunch outings as a group. We target smaller food joints in the area that don't get a lot of attention, but can really bring it in their respective culinary realm. Most of these places are holes in the wall. Nothing against holes in the wall (some holes are my favorite!), but you come to expect a dingy, dark, small space with sub-par servers and middle-of-the-road decor. Therefore, based on the fact that Back Alley Diner (BAD) had been selected as a Dive Friday destination AND that it's located in The Arcade in downtown Nashville, I was not expecting much. Boy, was I wrong.Once you walk up the stairs into the restaurant, you are immediately blown away by how spacious it is compared to what it looks like on the outside. Plenty of tables (even to accommodate 12 people at lunchtime!), a large bar, and an upper seating area looking down over other diners. We sat down and were promptly welcomed by our server (who I would later find out is co-owner).  He was friendly, upbeat and had a great sense of humor. Food came out quickly and was delicious. My fried chicken wrap was basic, but exactly what I was looking for and were accompanied by french fries. The perfectly delicious (and yes, unhealthy) lunchtime selection I've come to expect for Dive Fridays!As we were leaving, I noted that they do have a happy hour, it appears as though they might have live music (!) and the crowd was pretty solid for lunch. All good signs. I live nearby and plan to swing by for happy hour in the weeks to come. Will report back then. For the time being, B.A.D. is definitely on my GOOD list.
<review# 1085,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/24/2011,2/2/2012,42,325,3,6,5>This branch of the Post Office has the Passport Office inside.Usually there is a very long line with a longer wait time, on this visit to the Passport Office I only waited about 15 minutes to get in the door and the clerk was on his game with having the paperwork checked and stamped.  Hopefully we will get the Passport in the mail quickly.Passport fees have gone up, $ 135.00 for a fist time applicant.  There is also an application fees and also fees to mail off the paperwork.
<review# 1086,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/29/2011,2/1/2012,160,232,20,9,6>I have to admit...I'm curious as to why this place has no reviews. I mean come on, the place certainly has a lot of conversation starters. Just saying.
<review# 1087,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/12/2014,9/11/2014,27,140,2,7,5>My husband and I went back here today for lunch. I, of course, ordered the grilled fish tacos again. Corn tortillas, no cheese or chipotle sauce, add cilantro. There is a lime shortage right now so they were brought out with lemons instead. Ha! I prefer limes but I couldn't really tell the difference. The tacos were just as great as I remembered. I love that they have avocado slices on top. I had forgotten about their rice but it was great too. $5.99 at lunch or dinner for two fish tacos with rice. Not too shabby of a deal! Hubs ordered the small shrimp quesadilla and it was really good too! Also just wanna note that the small is pretty dang big! I can't even imagine how big the medium and large are. $6.99 and plenty to share or take home. We both had leftovers.The chips come out fresh and are pretty good but I really don't care for their salsa. I can't think of a way to describe it but it's unlike any salsa I've ever had, even in Mexico, but next time I'll skip the salsa and maybe try their guac. Decent selection of beer, imported and domestic. They also had a nice selection of non-alcoholic Mexican soda/drinks. They don't serve margaritas or any liquor drinks but pitchers of any beer on tap (including imports) are $7.99.Our server was Lupe and she was seriously so sweet and on top of things. Our waters were never empty. This will probably be my go-to fish taco joint in Murfreesboro because of the taste and price!
<review# 1088,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/30/2013,9/10/2014,24,36,1,4,4>The decor is simple and upscale. I loved the space! The room is open with several tables and a small bar. I mentioned to my husband that I loved the simplicity and straightforwardness of the decor. Open shelves with wine glasses and bowls, basic bar, small bud vases on the tables...it was perfect! This isn't a place meant for hanging out...it's meant for enjoying food, drinks, and people.The menu is scaled down, which is what I prefer. I told my husband that Gordon Ramsay always instructs restaurant owners on "Kitchen Nightmares" to scale down their menus to one page. I absolutely agree!The prices are what is to be expected for well-prepared food. The menu includes several French bistro classics.For our first course, I ordered the Steak Tartare and hubby had the Beet & Goat Cheese Salad. They were the perfect way to start our meal. I could taste the natural seasoning in the tartare. The capers added the perfect amount of brine. The salad was just as we expected. The beets tasted fresh and the goat cheese was so creamy.For the main course, I had the Parisian Gnocchi with Prawns and hubby had the Meat & Potatoes. Delicious! The gnocchi was smooth and creamy, not lumpy or doughy. The prawns were perfectly cooked. I told my husband that I especially enjoyed the peas and carrots...specifically the carrots. They crunched! They weren't mushy like most carrots at restaurants. It was a good sign of the freshness of the ingredients. Hubby's dish was so tasty! The brisket was tender, the potato had a subtle crispiness, and the flavors melded together seamlessly.For dessert, I had the Pot de Creme, while my husband had the Creme Brulee. They were perfect! My pot de creme was so rich, thick, creamy, and full of flavor (not just sugar). The creme brulee was just what we expected. The sugar topping was just right, not too burnt. The custard was creamy, not runny.I absolutely enjoyed my meal in its entirety. I plan to visit again to try more of the menu!
<review# 1089,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/28/2014,9/9/2014,111,543,1,6,6>There's a new coffee shop on Nolensville Pike between 440 and Thomson Lane, not to be confused with Flatrock Coffee which is opening shortly. We've been waiting as a collective whole since 2012 for it to open, and two years later it finally did.There's a deck being built out back, and the place is pretty well designed in terms of accessibility - you're not going to be overly crowded unless it's standing room only.If you're wondering where it is, it's to the left of Regions on the same block (I believe) as Handyman Connection and Shuba, but I could be mistaken. You can park around back, or park on a side street.The only downsides to this place for many is that it opens at 7am, meaning if you're heading down Nolensville road to work early in the morning, you might just be too early for them. I know some out Lennox Village way do the 7am-3pm shift, and this would only serve to keep them awake too late. It's also on the wrong side of the street for the govt crowd - they need to pop a cart across the way in the morning selling coffee and pastries.The products themselves - I'm ok with. I haven't worked my way through to anything I find absolutely to die for, but I'm a picky bastard with bad taste, which makes me wonder why you're reading me... why why whyyyyyyyyy?Oh, did I mention their drinks are absurdly caffeinated? It's either that or I just no longer have any tolerance, but man. Tasty tasty inability to sleep.It's not *quite* everything I want yet, but I'll see if it isn't a perch as soon as the porch arrives.
<review# 1090,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/5/2014,9/8/2014,31,13,1,5,5>To date, most of the time I've spent on Yelp has involved perusing other people's reviews and hunting down new places to eat/drink.  That being said, after visiting this place I knew I had to write my first review.  To describe my experience with Crumb de la Crumb in a word: Delightful.  I stopped by on the earlier side of lunch hour today to place a takeout order: --Citrus, Spinach & Goat Cheese Salad, with Grilled Chicken:  I think this is the most excited I've ever gotten over a salad.  The spinach was crisp, and the cranberry-cinnamon-crusted goat cheese was delicious. The chicken on the salad was beautifully seasoned - it was tender and flavorful, but the flavor wasn't so strong that it distracts you from the other flavors in the salad.  And whatever they do to make that cranberry-orange vinaigrette... it's heavenly. --The vanilla lemonade was refreshing, and not overly sweet.  A perfect drink for spring/summer.Overall, I was very pleased with my lunch, and with the friendly owners as well - Jason and his wife Lorrie.  While waiting on my order (which didn't take long), Jason explained how everything at Crumb de la Crumb is made by hand... from the frosting to the salad dressings to the lemonade.  My only regret is not trying any of the baked goods that were calling my name from within the display case.  I'm currently watching what I eat because of an upcoming trip to the beach, but you better believe I'll be back for lunch again soon, and will have to try some of the desserts then... hopefully it will be on one of the days they have live music in the dining room!
<review# 1091,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/17/2013,9/7/2014,8,74,2,3,4>Fido has been located in Hillsboro Village since the mid-1990's which was the start of the coffee house boom in Nashville.  It is located in the old Jones Pet Shop building for all you people who were here a very long time ago. The name "Fido" is a reference to that history.  Fido is a great place to visit if you want a good drink, good but somewhat pricey meal, or just want to hang out with friends or by yourself.  I have done all four things.  The decor is very nice and interesting with lots of tips of the hat to Jones Pet Store.  When you order a meal, they give you a photo of a particular dog to help specify your order from other customers.  Fido is mostly a place to hang out for Vandy and Belmont students as well as academic-types.  The drinks have always been great.  I particularly love their chai.  It is absolutely delicious and I have ordered it ever since I ordered it there the very first time.  The food is really good too.  I have enjoyed their Steak and Hash dish and tried their famous Local Burger which are both delicious.  Fido serves food for every meal of the day.  It can be a bit noisy in Fido but I have never had a problem losing myself in a good book.   If you enjoy people-watching, then Fido is a great place for that too.  There is a constant stream of people walking up and down the sidewalk outside as well as coming in and out of the shop.  The staff has always been very friendly and helpful and do a good job of keeping customers flowing down the line which can get pretty long at certain times of the day.  If you are interested in a cool place to hang out and have a good drink and food, then Fido is certainly a great pick for you.
<review# 1092,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/4/2013,9/6/2014,9,3,2,5,5>Belcourt Taps is the perfect place if you're looking for a regular hangout place. The food is spot on with good burgers, tacos, salads, and a bunch of good appetizers. And the beers. Don't forget the beers. They have around 14 taps that are mostly dedicated to local brewers like Black Abby,  Czahns, Jackalope, and others. Most every night has music of some sort from the new-to-town singer to the Belmont student to the seasoned Nashville veteran every night offers something for everyone. Recently, they have started serving brunch on Saturdays and Sundays and like the regular menu the food on the Brunch menu is excellent. I had the Bacon, Egg, and Cheese sandwich with the potatoes and it was as good as anything I have had any place else in town. They cure the bacon in-house so the flavor is like nothing you will get anywhere else. All in all, if you are looking for a good hang-out that changes to from night to night Belcourt Taps is the pace to be in Hillsboro Village.
<review# 1093,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/5/2014,9/5/2014,48,9,5,5,5>So I finally went to Gabby's Burgers & Fries yesterday for the first time. A friend kept pestering me and insisting it was the best in town...The BEST? I'll be honest. I am no burger expert. I have tried several of the "best" in Nashville - Burger Up, The Pharmacy, and a few others. I haven't tried the burgers at Whiskey Kitchen, PM or Husk (which are supposed to be good), because let's face it, do I really want a burger when I'm going to those places? No, I go to a straight up burger joint when I want a burger. What I can say is I will be going back to Gabby's again & again. And YES, I will take Gabby's over Burger Up or The Pharmacy any day!Gabby's is a DIVE! I wish I could have eaten it there but was also picking up a to-go order for my boss. I did finish every last French fry (delicious, homemade & greasy, the way I like them) and all of my burger - the Seamus w/ the kitchen sink, pepper jack cheese and jalapenos.Tips: 1. Order & pay at the register, get seated and wait for you name to be called. Since I was an obvious newbie, the cook asked if it was my first time and told me what to do.2. I don't think there's a "best time" to go. A couple minutes after I ordered at 12:50p, there was a line out the door. I have a feeling this place is always busy. Check their hours on the website. Closed Sundays.3. Don't go if you're dieting. They do offer vegan and gluten-free options (and you can substitute a bun for lettuce) as well as pasta salad and sweet potato fries as sides. You can also add a fried egg and peanut butter to your burger if you like. Working up the nerve to try peanut butter on my burger.
<review# 1094,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/9/2014,9/4/2014,89,89,3,3,4>I just want it say "thank goodness" for this florist. My son decided at the last minute to go to his prom and he needed a corsage for his date. I think it was the Thursday before his prom on Saturday. We live in Brentwood, and there aren't tons of florists, so if you think about how many corsages and boutonnières each florist has to churn out, it's nuts. I mean, their prom was held at The Factory at Franklin and they were one of FOUR high schools having their proms there that very same night! A lot of corsages and boutonnières!     Well, we stopped by one local florist, but the ONE woman working there was completely flustered and overwhelmed by the orders they already had (no customers were in there). The other closed right on the nose, at 5:00, if not earlier.     Panic began setting in. On our way to Rebel Hill, we called to let them know we were on our way. They were so kind to stay the five minutes past their closing time to let us in, and then patiently helped him choose the bracelet, ribbon and flower for the corsage. They were so helpful! Yes, it was a fortune for a corsage. But, I gather that's what they cost these days.       We will definitely use them again in the future!
<review# 1095,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/21/2014,9/3/2014,90,83,10,7,7>Five Points Pizza - a Haiku:New York Pie VendorYour Knots and Pie are DivineRefrigerator.Hey - I had to think of something with 5 Syllables to end on.Maybe I could have used Snuffleupagus?  Fiduciary?  Errrr.... Maybe congratulations would have been better?  Screw it.  I'm not a poet anyway.  But really - that pretty much summed it up.  The garlic knots and the pizza was incredible.  I am very, very proud of the Nashville food scene.  And I am REALLY proud of the fact that we have such good pizza here.  Many cities have just chain pizzas or average independent pizza places.  I have tried to come here before a long time ago.  If you read my reviews you'll know that I am part of a dinner club and we go out to eat once a week.  One day several months ago - we picked Five Points Pizza.  We went on a tuesday.  Come to find out - they are closed on Tuesday.  So, that time we ended up just going next door to Tenn-Sixteen and fell in love with the place.  We always get together on tuesdays because it seems to work best for most people.  Except this week.This time around - it was accidental that we ended up at Five Points Pizza.  We decided this week to go out to Mellow Mushroom for their 40th anniversary which was on a Wednesday instead.  They had super cheap beers, super cheap pizzas.  Basically - they were dusting off the 1974 Menu and whatever items they had and whatever prices they had then - they would be selling for one night only.  When we arrived - the crowd was insane.  It was pouring rain. We still wanted pizza - but decided that - since we were out on Wednesday and hadn't tried Five Points Pizza yet - that we would caravan to east Nashville and try it out.When they got use seated (which took a few minutes - after all there were 9 of us)- the server came over and started taking drink orders very promptly.  Then once everyone had their drinks/beers - they took our food orders.  They got appetizers and salads out BEFORE they brought the pizza.  And I have to say - the Garlic Knots were the best I've had.  The salads, although I didn't have one - looks great!  Finally - they bring out the slices of pizza.  And I have to say - these were in the true New York style.  Huge slices of pizza and they were very foldable.  But, I have to say - it was better than any New York slice I've had.  Lots of pepperoni, just enough sauce and cheese.  It really was a triumph!  Honestly - Its been less than 24 hours since we left Five Points Pizza and I already can't wait to go back.  Maybe this weekend?  Who wants to join for a slice?  Hippopotamus
<review# 1096,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/16/2014,9/2/2014,814,132,9,15,13>Finding vegetarian restaurants that offer more than just carrots and lettuce is great! Wish there were more places like this in town that serves more than the typical rabbit food options. Let's begin with a bang......So I walk in to the Wild Cow with my mom...and we get seated in a booth...and as I look around (natural Navy Seal training safety and security tactics)...I immediately spot the British actor, Sam Palladio, who stars in the Nashville show. Oh what a hottie! He is quietly sitting a few tables from me, probably 123* SE.  And for those of you wondering...NO..I did not stare at him, take a picture of him, selfie with him, attack him, engage him, interrogate him, sabotage him, disturb him, or any other crazy thing. I just identified him, made eye contact, and winked with a cheesy smile. Ok enough of Nashville celebs in our local places...let's now ease in into our restaurant...The food was phenomenal. I wanted to come here bc not only did they offer vegetarian food, they also had many gluten-free options on their menu. That's definitely a plus for those of us trying to go paleo. Both my mom and me ordered the bowls. I picked brown rice and she picked quinoa. Her quinoa was topped with grilled veggies and tempeh and my brown rice was topped with garlicky kale, BBQ tofu, carrots, beans, and a couple other veggies. The portions were so big that we had to take half of our serving home for the next day's lunch! The taste was yummy! The service was quick and friendly. The ambience was fresh. The prices were $9! I'm coming back! I loved it! Can't wait to see what other famous person I can spot there and what yumilicious food I can eat next! The wild cow...I'm retreating temporarily. I will be back!
<review# 1097,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/23/2011,5/4/2011,10,111,6,7,4>Under all his hair, George is totally cut. It's not easy. He works out all the time. But his beauty comes with a price. George has serious B.O. And unlike most dogs who don't wreak, to avoid buying air freshener by the case, George needs more baths.I tried using a groomer, but each time, within a few days, George stunk. So the cost became prohibitive.Then one day, after grabbing a sandwich at Sam and Zoe's up the street, I popped into Dizzy's.Unlike other do-it-yourself dog washes, Dizzy's is clean, organized, and offers an assortment of tools and products, including their Dirty Dog Shampoo, that makes George drop dead gorgeous and smell soooooo good. Their tubs are walk in (a huge benefit if you own a big dog), their towels are plentiful, drains work well, and they have rubber aprons to protect your clothes. Better yet, their dryers are powerful and within minutes, you can create a "hot do." Trust me, other dog owners will think you paid 4-times the price.Sure you can find other places that are cheaper than $15 per visit, but are they as clean? Convenient? It's first come, first serve, so you may have to wait on the weekend and before holidays. Do it. Dizzy's is worth it. One more thing - tell them George sent you.
<review# 1098,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/29/2010,5/3/2011,23,91,2,3,3>I was at Merchants again and fell in love with this place one more time. The drinks here are amazing. You simply can not go wrong by ordering anything on the cocktail menu. The bartenders here definitely know what they are doing. They are NOT just mixing stuff but are doing a magic with these drinks.This time I had the turkey leg confit sandwich which was simply amazing. It took me back to the days when I was having a duck confit sandwich in France. Highly recommended. I think this is one of the best places in town. I am planning to go there late in the evening and sit in the bar and have at least 3-4 of my favorite cocktails.
<review# 1099,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/21/2010,5/2/2011,35,199,,4,4>First of all, the patio here rocks!  It's definitely one of my favorites in the city.  The service has always been great as well.  And how can I resist the happy hour?  Every day - yes, every single day of the week - from 4-8.  $5 cocktails, $6 glasses of wine (don't care about the beer - teehee!), and half price appetizers.  The cheese dip is great, although it seems a bit out of place on the menu.The cheese plate is nice, and the only other thing on the menu I've tried is the seafood pasta.  It was pretty good too.
<review# 1100,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,3/24/2011,5/1/2011,18,50,13,5,5>I give this place three stars because it's a FINE place to eat, but if you're one of those people who stands in the line that wraps around this building to eat pancakes then you're a frackin ruhtard.  It's PANCAKES, people - Not duck breast eggs benedict  with truffle hollandaise sauce.  So please, calm your sh-t.  They're big.  They're fluffy.  They're light.  They're better than iHop.  All the boxes are checked on the pancake requirement list.  They were pleasant enough, much like that girl you were friends with in highschool, but you were never really sure why.  "I mean, Katie is a really nice girl.  She's not smart, interesting, or fun but I definitely don't hate her."  I did get the breakfast link sausage which I enjoy.  They offer patties or links.  I recommend the links - they make you feel like a white trash slut in a fun kind of way.Uhhh skip the coffee, folks.  Yowzas.  Note to PP employees - If you can see the bottom of your mug when the cup is full, you're doing it wrong.Seriously, though, if you want a good breakfast without the wait, head to Fido.  The food is good and you won't have to deal with all the ass-hat tourists. On a related note, if anyone knows where I can get duck breast eggs benedict with truffle hollandaise sauce, then hit me up.  There might be a beej in store for you.
<review# 1101,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/8/2011,4/30/2011,96,336,3,3,2>Went to the Red Door last night and its a great bar. If you hate the Cubs or Skeletons, then this is not the place for you. I'm still not sure what the deal is with all the Cubs stuff everywhere, but who cares, the place is cool. I have heard that weekend nights get crazy, but Thursday nights are pretty chill. They serve pickle shots (Zing Zang, Patron and a Pickle). I hear its awesome, but didn't get around to trying it last night. Don't worry, I'll try it next time and let ya'll know how it was. Drinks are pretty cheap and they have a good selection of beers. It was a little smoky, but no enough to give you an asthma attack!
<review# 1102,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/7/2010,4/29/2011,60,145,6,6,10>I absolutely love this adorable little establishment in East Nashville. My first time here I had the chicken sandwich and it was a tasty sandwich for the price. The reason why I love this place so much though is because of the chef. He came over to our table and introduced himself, asked us how our food was and convinced me I needed to take some sample size bites of his ice cream. He made two flavors that day: lemon pepper olive oil and beet. I had some serious doubts about these flavors but decided I needed to try them just because they were so strange. Can I say amazing!? Who would have thought..me.. the picky eater that wont try anything would actually like the beet ice cream and even the lemon pepper? I ordered both flavors after trying them. From that point on, I now try things that sound strange-otherwise I might be missing out on a lot in life!
<review# 1103,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/21/2011,4/28/2011,29,134,4,7,4>It's not like this place really needs another 5-star review, since they've got so many already, but they deserve it so I'm giving it to them anyway!It used to be that Nashville had few decent Indian options, but with Woodlands and Bombay Palace, you've pretty much got all you need. Woolands focuses on Southern Indian food, which tends to be vegetarian, and as such the restaurant sticks to serving up dishes using ingredients that never had a pulse. Bombay Palace does Northern Indian cuisine that tends to be saucier and richer, and yes, involves meat. So if you put these two restaurants in your arsenal, you're all set.I love the 7-day/week buffets at both places, but I admit that when it comes to waiter/table service, I think I prefer Woodlands. The prices are super reasonable, and the menu is so fun. I love the dosas (thin crispy pancakes that are filled with various items... think Indian crepes),  which are potentially worth ordering just for the crave-worthy coconut sauce that accompanies them. Often just the thought of Indian food can make you feel heavy and bogged down, but I never feel anything but pleasantly full after dining at Woodlands. The food is so good that you truly don't miss the meat - my husband is a dedicated and resolute omnivore and even he never passes up a chance to dine here.The staff is always very friendly and helpful and service is speedy. The food is always fresh (even during the buffet) and the cleanliness of the restaurant is top notch (always something I worry about at buffets). Woodlands has recently done some renovations and gussied up the dining room, so it truly is a wonderful place to enjoy a meal. Here's a tip to help you get the most of the experience: Woodlands is BYO, so if you feel like imbibing anything other than kid friendly sodas, mango lassies, or teas/coffees, you can bring your own alcohol of choice with you.
<review# 1104,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/21/2011,4/27/2011,186,329,3,5,4>Flyte me to the moonLet me play among the starsLet me see what spring is likeOn a-Jupiter and Mars...As elegant yet casual as Sinatra, Flyte is an enjoyable experience for dining, chatting, and the casually elegant experience that one would expect from a restaurant where prices are closer to the New York variety than the typical Nashville prices.  The building has a wonderfully modern post-manufacturing feel, great artwork throughout, and the tables are nicely set.  The service was superior, but I want to caveat that we went last night... when the snow was falling, the roads abandoned, and Nashvillians had scattered into their homes to hide from the winter apocalypse that is 1 inch of snow.  I would have returned anyhow to Flyte, but I'd like to get a better feel for the service under more normal circumstance.The food was delicious and perfectly portioned.  Let me point out for the America-is-a-land-of-obesity folks out there:  perfectly portioned probably will be defined by you folks as: "not enough food" or "small portions".  Sorry, but the portions are not small, they are the appropriate amount for human consumption.  I had the candied pecan salad which was roughly 1.5 cups of mixed greens, some candied pecans, a toasted piece of bread, and balsamic v.  As an entree, I had a delicious sturgeon in a miso dashi.  The roughly 4 to 6 ounce portion was cooked to perfection and the miso dashi added a nice touch around the sturgeon.  For dessert, the Restaurant Week course was some sort of chocolate pudding like stuff with a caramel thing sticking out of the pudding.  It was good, and my description fails to give the presentation justice (as it was well presented on the plate... I'm just not verbose enough today to describe it well).You can (I did not) get flytes of the soups or flytes of the salad.  I will definitely give that a whirl the next time that I venture to Flyte.  And I will be venturing back to Flyte...
<review# 1105,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/25/2010,4/26/2011,40,114,7,7,6>what?  a man reviewing a nail salon?  YES!  Ok, I went with a friend and and got talked into a manicure by my friend and "Ha".  These hands do NOT do manicures......or so I thought.  these barbwire pulling, hay bailing, tire changing hands were in for a surprise. I'll be honest, I thought they would come out of the back with some hedge clippers and a belt sander but she sat me down for a soak and we got started.   The whole process included a hot towel and massage(I don't know if that is standard or not).  I opted out of any type of polish and stuck with the basics and it cost me $13.......will definitely be back.
<review# 1106,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/4/2010,4/25/2011,37,76,4,8,6>This is a Nashville treasure. EVERY time I eat here I am impressed and leave feeling absolutely delighted. Most of the time, we eat brunch here, and my husband adores the croissant french toast. This is a decadent treat that is sinfully awesome--rich, buttery and well flavored, not just overly sweet. Prepare for a post brunch carb crash! I have tried nearly every egg dish- and the varying crepe selections are always exceptional. Another recent favorite was a creamy polenta with eggs served on top. They also make an excellent croque madame. The sake bloody mary is a wonderful complement- get one early to shorten the wait if there is a crowd. Dinner and lunch selections are also amazing- mostly local ingredients make for wonderful, seasonal and rotating menus. A standout on the fall/winter dessert menu is a butternut squash tart with an oat shortbread crust and cinnamon whipped cream. Truly divine! The staff is always helpful and friendly- I applaud them for their knowledge and unpretentious demeanor. The atmosphere during a hectic Saturday or Sunday morning brunch rush can be loud and rushed, so go early to really enjoy a few moments more at your farmhouse table with a huge cup of delicous coffee.
<review# 1107,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/12/2012,1/5/2013,160,232,6,7,6>One word: LOVE.  I am so glad there is finally a local brewery in the Boro. I'm from San Diego and Stone Brewery was practically my second home. I love the smell of yeast and hops! It's just comforting to me. The IBA (Evil Octopus) is incredible and the Boro Blonde is a close 2nd. On busy nights, they have a food truck out back! Now, if only the Grilled Cheeserie would come out from Nashville...or even Shorty's Pizza Bus! PS, when the owner grows his beard back (and I know he will read this), I will update my review to 5 stars. :)
<review# 1108,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/3/2012,1/4/2013,63,108,,7,2>Wow, impressive.  I've been here twice now and each time was great.  I've had 90 minute, deep-tissue sessions each time and both were excellent.I will admit I was a little skeptical of a strip mall massage business.  Especially with the recent horror stories I've read about places like Massage Envy.  Both times I was able to call same day and get some work done within a few hours of calling.  I believe they have a few girls on staff ready to go when needed.  Speaking of, the girls are TINY.  Being a big guy, I was wondering how well they would be able to work on me and how they would be able to bring the type of pressure I needed.  I can tell you that looks are deceiving!  These girls bring A LOT of strength and technique to the table.  They also used nice oils and followed them up with a hot steam towels to clean you up;  you didn't have to walk out of there all greasy.One thing that did trip me up was paying for the massage.  You are charged before the session, and if you happen to be using a credit card, it is kind of awkward to have to tip on the card before you even have the session.  I suggest bringing cash to tip with after wards.  I did this my 2nd time there.Also, they have a rewards-type card.  It allows you to get a free table shower and massage after so many trips there... a nice bonus!
<review# 1109,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/11/2012,1/3/2013,74,82,5,5,3>I want you to think back for a minute and get the TV show Cheers in your mind.Go ahead, I'll wait.............. Got it? Good. Now picture Cheers on a lake and add a pretty good food selection. The reason Cheers came to my mind was that from the Owners to the waitresses they seemed to actually know the patrons. So the place had a very friendly vibe to it.  Now, you have to judge this place for what it is. It's bar at a Marina that serves good food. It's not a 5 star seafood restaurant nor does it claim to be. Although I can honestly say that chicken sandwich was very good and the fries didn't taste like warmed up Sysco products. The Cajun chicken bites are freaking amazing and make sure you get the "Cove Sauce" trust me you will be glad you read this and listened to me. The beer isn't crazy high and they run a lot of drink specials. It can get very crowded on the weekends though so if you want to eat get there early! So anyway if you're looking for a good place to take the wife out for a romantic dinner with candles and a 5 star dinner, well this place is not for you. If you're looking for a place to go out and watch the game and drink with your buddies and enjoy a good meal to boot, then my friend this place has your name wrote all over it, in fact......... They just might know your name when you leave.
<review# 1110,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/28/2012,1/2/2013,26,230,,7,3>I stopped by Sonobana late after a movie. I saw good reviews and wanted to give it a shot. Because it was late, two of us ordered enough food for four people. We got a large sushi and sashimi combination, a roll, two kinds of udon soup, and appetizers. We ate it all. ALL. Because it was so good. I'm not just saying that because I was hungry.The soft shell shrimp appetizer was fantastic. We slurped up the udon quickly. It was 4 stars. The nigiri and sashimi were the freshest I've ever had in North America outside of Seattle. The service was friendly, our green tea and water never ran dry, and they were attentive but not intrusive.To top it all off, all this food was cheap. I had to double check the tab to make sure the waiter didn't leave something off.I'll be back!
<review# 1111,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/12/2012,1/1/2013,81,468,2,11,4>Coming from one of the largest melting pots in the country, southern California, I was accustomed to not having to look very hard when seeking an ethnic grocery store or butcher shop.  Nashville, although having grown by leaps and bounds in my time here, is still a place where one needs to look around and spend some time searching in order to find that place that can be counted on to have what you need.I have found Carniceria San Luis to be my go-to store for several reasons.  I always see a crowd of people here.  This is a good sign, because you don't want to go to the store that never has any customers (and therefore no product rotation).  People, no matter where you are, will always gravitate to the better places. There is a large barbeque outside and they put it to good use.  Their BBQ chicken is delicious and affordable, and they will even cut the chicken into pieces if you want.The butcher shop has cuts that are not normally found in the Krogers and Publix's of our area.  I'm talking cuts like short ribs, skirt steak, several styles of fajita beef, tripe, and ox-tail.The reason I visit the most is the ceviche.  It is fresh, spicy (piquante), and can be ordered in small enough quantities to be a lunch, or large enough to share with several friends.  I usually get 2 lbs at a time and they will give you hot sauce on request in small plastic containers.This is one of my regular stops every few weeks.  Check it out and see if you can't find something good to eat.
<review# 1112,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/28/2012,12/31/2012,4,89,,4,4>Great find.  Chef's Market is located just off the interstate in a non-assuming strip mall area with an uninteresting sign, but I think all of the locals know about it and go there for lunch. If this place doesn't have it, you couldn't think of it, they have everything.  If you don't see what you like they will cook it for you fresh.The food is served cafeteria style, but is served so fresh and flavorful.  It isn't like a cafeteria at all. One can make some healthy and delicious options too. Soups, salads, vegetables, entrees, breads, pastas, cold, hot,-they have it all and it is delicious and full of flavor. It is hectic and busy at lunch time, but I do go back.
<review# 1113,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/19/2012,12/30/2012,50,171,,4,4>We called the week before eh opened and were invited to the soft opening. So, the place was triple staffed with corporate trainers and managers. Everyone was doing a great job, providing attentive service and making sure things went smoothly. The menu was a limited selection of the normal menu, to help get the staff familiar with the signature items. In the interest of full disclosure, the food was free and beer was pay with proceeds going to charity.We sampled a few pizzas. All were good, not quite as deep as I would expect a Chicago pizza to be - more like a Pizza Hut thickness. But I'm not a big fan of really thick, so not bad to me. The rest of the family was also satisfied with their selections.The real menu had plenty of options to give everyone something to choose from, inluding lots of non pizza items. Most importantly, my kids were happy playing the buzz time trivia while we waited, and happy with the food options available to them.Old Chicago has done a great job of providing a number of local and regional craft and import beers with sampling options at reasonable prices. There is something he for every beer fan.Sure, it's a chain, but better than average and a very comfortable place to eat.
<review# 1114,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/14/2012,12/29/2012,15,77,,3,3>Dined here on a nice fall day and sat outside on the patio.  I was attended by a friendly server who was well versed on the menu items.  They had just introduced a new "value lunch" menu.  It had several choices for $7.99 and I think it even included my iced tea which is a bid deal when I am used to paying anywhere from $1.50 to $2.50 for tea or Diet Coke with lunch.  I chose a fried chicken sandwich.  The server suggested going "buffalo style" so I did.  It arrived with blue cheese crumbles as well.  I got tater-tots on the side.  What is with tater-tots all of a sudden becoming the popular side? Tasted like the Publix tater tots that I feed my kids.  Definitely, nothing special about them here.  I arrived for an early lunch, 11:45 or so, and it was not crowded so I basically had a dedicated waitress.
<review# 1115,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/12/2012,12/28/2012,119,224,6,3,4>What if Imogene + Willie ( yelp.com/biz/imogene-and) had a baby with a french press guys?? Obviously you'd get Barista Parlor!While I still miss Roast's more unassuming store front, Barista Parlor really does take its coffee as seriously - they just don't roast their own. At first I wasn't sure if I could take the set-up seriously. Its like hipster puke; but the wonderful Dozen Bakery cookie samples whetted my appetite and I could tell this wasn't all style driven.Great iced coffee after a hot yoga class and my friends Porter Road breakfast sausage biscuit was tasty as well - although at $5 for a little sammie I would have needed 2, for a $15 breakfast and coffee. Ouch.Not an everyday place, but a cute little addition to the 'hood. I'll stick to my Bongo East for after class, but would not be opposed to meeting someone at Barista Parlor to chillax.Just remind me to bring my own splenda - I can make my own decisions about whether or not I want to 'ruin' your coffee with my tasty chemicals. ;D
<review# 1116,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/15/2012,12/27/2012,94,224,4,6,4>After drooling jealously over Antico's in Atlanta, DeSano Pizza Bakery has finally arrived!  DeSano does pizza like no other place in Nashville.  They are a well-oiled machine that offers perfect flavors, unbelievably fresh ingredients, and that oven baked goodness that only they do right.The crust is thin enough that you can enjoy more than one slice, but thick enough that you are biting into something!  I can't explain that taste, other than to just call it perfection.  Really - it's the perfect pizza.Their cannolis also looked amazing, so I'm looking forward to giving those a shot!  Remember, this place is BYOB and YUM, and worth every penny.  So grab some friends and some beer, and enjoy the best pizza you're ever going to sink your teeth into!
<review# 1117,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/19/2010,3/22/2011,193,147,4,6,4>We recently purchased our Mercedes ML350 from Carmax. The experience was easy.... we got approved for financing over the phone, nothing required as far as documentation other than proof of insurance, our rate was GREAT and nothing down. Their prices are very comparable and their service was extraordinary. We were fortunate enough to have Cameron as our sales person. He was friendly, not pushy at all and very easy going. He took us on a test drive of the car we already knew we wanted and offered to even meet us at a different Carmax (where another vehicle we were interested in was) so we didn't have to do our financing all over again. We were in and out of Carmax in an hour... it was one of the easiest experiences I have ever had a car dealership and I appreciated their no pressure approach. When we're in the market to buy another vehicle, I will absolutely visit Carmax again. We do have to take our car in for some minor repair issues, but we've been told it was no problem and they'd take care of all of it. My only reason for not giving it 5 stars is that when we called to bring our car in (and we'll have to leave it) they can't guarantee that we'll get a loaner car AND they don't have wifi, so we would have to find someone to drive there with us and then back home and then drive us back to the dealership and that is a serious inconvenience for us. For us, Carmax was a great experience!
<review# 1118,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/2/2011,3/21/2011,159,379,3,2,3>This is a solid Hickory Smoked Pulled Pork Barbecue joint that get's it right in terms of flavor and good sauce. They offer several meats but their reputation is built upon the pulled pork. I would reckon any of their meats covered in any of their sauces would make for a good meal.Bar-B-Cutie's sides menu is huge and overall very good. Their mashed potatoes with gravy, green beans, cole slaw, fried pickles, onion rings, and fries are good...and shared by all in my family.If you are on a budget request the "Meat and Potatoes" item that is not on the menu and for $3 you will get a nice sized hamburger steak and two scoops of mashed potatoes all covered in brown gravy.Nobody shows up at a barbecue joint looking for clean booths and non-sticky floors...who cares. It's barbecue joint and a place that serves up good tasting food. If "hot" food matters to you they never fail me when I request the food be served up hot and fresh! Nobody here is rude...in fact, it's kind of nice to experience a "country small town" vibe in the city.
<review# 1119,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/25/2010,3/20/2011,23,25,5,8,8>I've been meaning sign up for my yelp account, but i procrastinate often.  It's because of Crema that I can now cross this off of my procrastination list. I've been enjoying Crema for well over a year now.  I even bought the t-shirt, two of them.  Each and every time I visit this treasure of a coffee shop, I leave feeling 100% satisfied.  When I open the door, I immediately smell coffee.  This is not any ordinary coffee, these are the beans of our local Nashville roaster, Drew's Brews.  I am always greeted right away with a sincere smile, whether it's 7 am or 4pm.  The menu is simple; no triple ventie which chocolate mocha or super skinny 49 calorie sugar free vanilla late.  When I want to indulge, I will order the vietnamese coffee.  However, a seasonal flavor, created by the owner, is always available and a must try.  You must understand that going to Crema is not an in-out, one minute, coffee shop affair.  You must also understand that when you receive your perfect beverage you will never care again if you don't  have your drink in less than 60 seconds.  There is so much love, care, and flavor put into crafting these drinks.  I promise once you try it, you'll be hooked.
<review# 1120,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/31/2011,3/19/2011,9,106,2,8,7>Tavern midtown has some leather booths which seem natural with the fine pub grub there. The Junk Salad is better than it sounds with shrimp, pepperoncini, palm hearts, grape tomatoes and more. The beefy frito pie and the tilapia fish tacos with jicama slaw are good but not so cheap.  Its fun sitting on the upper loft level above the hustle of the bar level below. Drinks and wines are select range with some surprise house libations that are worth going for. Token PBR is there to show this is a pretty but also unpretentious place to be. The Tavern shines!
<review# 1121,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/21/2011,3/18/2011,116,191,4,4,5>I LOVE LOVE LOVE the fantastic highlight/color Lucy Pop stylist Britt gave me:  cool blonde highlights with a cranberry hue on the bottom half of my head and throughout the highlights.  Fantastic!  The entire experience was five star all the way.  After a particularly long day, I much appreciated the delicious glass of wine provided upon my arrival and the laid back atmosphere.   The color room is so relaxing, I really felt like I was chilling at a friend's house or something.  You know how some salons have an almost clinical feeling?  Not here.  Every inch of the space is warm and inviting with decor that has me reconsidering some of my choices for my home.  So yeah.  Definitely as good as it gets!  I'm looking forward to my next visit.
<review# 1122,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,11/18/2010,3/17/2011,54,100,6,2,3>Damn you Yelp for forcing me to choose either 3 or 4 stars when I really need 3.5 here. You expect me to be so firm and decisive when I want to be laid back and non-committal!  I'm tempted to give 4 stars, but I refuse to sacrifice what's left of my objectivity and reputation just to fit in with the bulk of humanity... However, I do reserve the right to increase my rating upon subsequent visits or if the loneliness becomes too much to bear.(I almost feel like there should be a distinction between cafeteria style M&3s like Arnold's, and sit-down M&3s like Southern Bred or H&T's. But whatever.)Good food, friendly and efficient staff, old-school dining area, and come-as-you are feel make this a solid choice to add to your lunch rotation. I enjoyed the country-fried steak with mashed potatoes and green beans. The yeast rolls and banana pudding were also tasty. Nothing was mind blowing today, but it was all good. The county-fried steak was served from a pan full of brown gravy. I prefer the small-batch, white gravy variety so I'm not sure I would get it again since there are so many other entree options. I'm looking forward to going back and trying more stuff, including a very serious looking bread pudding. Maybe I'll see you.
<review# 1123,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/8/2011,3/16/2011,217,312,4,10,8>I've purchased fresh pasta and ravioli from here several times and been very impressed.  I was clued into this joint when I was referred there while looking for a place in town that carried Wagyu (Kobe) beef.First, there is nothing like fresh pasta.  I'd love to be able to make it myself, but it just ain't in the cards.  Such a major difference from dried pasta and a HUGE difference from the "five grain" healthy crap my wife tries to sneak by me from time to time.  Fresh pasta is far more delicate and takes less time to cook.  It also tastes amazing, tossed with some olive oil and cheese or paired with your favorite sauce.  It runs from $4-5 a package, so more expensive than what you get at the store, but worth it for a treat from time to time.They also have amazing raviolis.  They come frozen and are an inspiration in a symphony of flavors: 4-Cheese, Artichoke, Chicken and Gouda to name a few, even a combo of Wagyu beef, Benton's bacon and 3-yr old cheddar (I think I just choked on drool).They carry a number of homemade sauces, cheeses, fresh meats, charcuterie, olive oils, vinegars and more - a very respectable Italian market.  Plus the people that run it are super-friendly and helpful.  There is this one elderly lady that is there, I think she is owner's mom, and she always inquires what I'm making and makes great suggestions.So, for all of your pasta needs, this place is the bomb diggity.
<review# 1124,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/22/2011,3/15/2011,26,485,5,4,4>Far and away the best of the Frozen Yogurt options in the West End-type area.  It's outstanding.  It's a shame that it's so far out from downtown.  If it were on Broadway, it would shut that garbage Pinkberry down.Let's get down to brass tacks.  This is a self-serve, pay by the pound establishment, "But Matt," you say, "there are plenty of establishments that do that."  True.  However, there's a difference in quality at Sweet Cece's as compared to any of the other places.  The flavors are great.  The toppings are plentiful and fresh.  The prices are reasonable enough that you can get just enough to enjoy and stay under $3, or you can overdo it on purpose and easily stay under $10.Sure, you can go to places closer to West End or downtown, but you're not getting your money's worth.  In some cases, it might be terrible, and in other's it's all right.  But why settle for just all right.  Get down to Bell Meade and get the best fro-yo available.
<review# 1125,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/7/2010,3/14/2011,34,110,3,4,5>What can I say that hasn't already been said? They have gluten free options!!!!! Run, don't walk to this restaurant. And get the Ginger Soda (alcoholic, of course). It is delicious and different and makes my mouth water just thinking about it. When we were eating there, Arnold Myint, the owner and Top Chef contestant was there, so you know it's good! We ended up getting a variety of dishes since I wanted to try literally everything on the menu. I can and will recommend everything we tried: pot stickers, firecracker shrimp roll, coconut-thai chili chicken wings, and the Indian Crockpot Rice. Fun place to people watch as well. My husband was convinced Brian Wilson of the Beach Boys was sitting next to us the entire time. Sadly, he was not.
<review# 1126,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/17/2010,3/13/2011,53,213,5,4,4>The first one year of my life I was a teetotaler. Fast forward 28 years and I found myself beating my head against the steering wheel while waiting for the slow moving train to let me get to Frugal Macdoogal's just so that I can pick up a 4pk of Duvel and relish its sweet sweet taste. But then the train stopped with a groan, sighed and decided to flip me the bird. With great fury, I whipped out my phone, decided to call Brinkmann's and demanded if they carried Duvel. "Of course!" she said and I hit myself against the steering wheel again. Brinkmann's was exactly a 3 minute drive from home. And therefore, henceforth, thusly, finally, I was able to wrap my paws around this Belgian gold and be suckled at its four teats over the weekend. The liquor selection is seriously humongous - from Bolivian coca based ones to little known whiskey barrel aged Indian Rum (Old Monk), to Duvel (of course), to a crazy assortment of tequilas, whiskeys, imported liqueurs, to a mind boggling selection of wines, local and international. Heck, they sell moonshine too! Just ask, trust me. It's under the counter. Brinkmann's is your one stop shop for all things -OH and also one the TWO places that carries Duvel in Nashville (FMcD is not the only one as the interents would like you to believe)
<review# 1127,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/25/2012,7/28/2012,23,71,8,4,4>Wow, the dude that ranked this place one star because he encountered a snake on a trail was right - THIS PLACE HAS SNAKES!!! I came up on one that was at least 3 inches long and 3 mm in diameter! I cannot BELIEVE they haven't managed to eradicate snakes from a nature preserve. Perhaps some mongoose (mongeese?) should be brought in.All kidding aside, it is very lovely out here, the trails are very well set out and nice views of the lake. I didn't see any exciting wildlife, just some birds, but that's probably because after I encountered a tiny baby snake in the middle of the trail, I was too terrified to stop looking at my feet for snakes and other undesirables. I took off one star for their "no jogging on trails" rule. Seems a little silly, and all the other trails in the parks in Nashville seem to survive being jogged on. If it is to keep from scaring the wildlife, then you had best make a no screaming, no screwing around, and no dogs rule. I went on a Monday afternoon, and parking was not an issue at the west lot where the nature center is.
<review# 1128,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/19/2012,7/27/2012,42,90,2,5,2>What can be said about this unassuming gem that has not already been said? It's amazing. I love going there for their chicken pho. It's got a lot more in it than most pho I've tried (vegetables that is). The service is always friendly, prompt and suggestive. Not THAT kind of suggestive. Geez, people. The prices are fair and the ambiance is delightful and surprising given that it's basically in a double-wide across from LP Field. My husband likes the pineapple fried rice. I would venture out and try new things on the menu if I wouldn't leave disappointed that I didn't get pho. Perhaps next time I'll try something different. A word of advice: If you go anytime the Titans are playing at home...good luck finding a parking spot! Best to wait until after the game is over on a Sunday.
<review# 1129,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/23/2012,7/26/2012,75,109,,7,3>Big Bad Wolf is THE BEST place for barbeque in the Middle Tennessee area.  My husband took me here for dinner raving about how they had the best tasting and  tender brisket ever.  He was right.While I didn't order the brisket, I ordered the Hickory Smoked Pork BBQ Platter, I happily tried the brisket from my husband's plate after I had a tasted just how tender the pork was.  Perfect!  The sides, steamed broccoli and macaroni, though tasty, were to be expected.  The barbeque and their tasty datil sauce are delicious and filling enough not to care about sides.Besides the most delicious barbeque, the service was great and we got a chance to meet the owner, Jim.  I loved that we got a chance to tell him what a great restaurant he had.  I can't wait to go back again!
<review# 1130,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/9/2012,7/25/2012,47,141,,9,2>I planned a birthday brunch here, and it couldn't have been smoother. The service was top-notch. There were no issues making a reservation for 15 people!Once inside, the decor and ambiance were fantastic. Then we get to the food-- and I immediately noticed our chatty group got unusually quiet as they savored each bite of their meal--always a good sign! The only reason it doesn't get 5 stars would be the portion of the food. While each bite was indeed tasty, it was just shy of being filling. I ordered chicken and waffles, and I was surprised that you only get half a waffle and a small fried chicken breast. My husband's gumbo was more like the size of an appetizer.tip: Southern offers free 2-hour validated parking at the Pinnacle Symphony Parking Garage
<review# 1131,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/22/2012,7/24/2012,50,357,4,6,5>So, I have two left feet, the attention span of a hummingbird, and arms that flail around like they belong to someone else; however, tonight I experienced a fun Zumba class. Tirra is an excellent teacher. She moves around the room and shows you things from different angles, so you're not always just looking at her back end and trying to guess what the front end is doing. She also goes through the moves a couple of times and then gives you hand signals to remind you what you're supposed to be doing. This is all extremely helpful and prevented me from looking like a complete idiot the first time I took this class! The music is great. She picks great selections - I especially loved the Indian number. I loved being able to dance like I'm an imaginary Bollywood star! I can't mention the music without commenting on the live drumming! How cool was that? To accompany the music, there's a great drummer on bongos right there in the room. Even though the room has the typical dance studio mirrors and bright lights, Tirra dims them and adds her own mood lighting, so it's much easier to let yourself go and not worry about looking silly in that atmosphere. I've taken Zumba classes before, and this is my absolute favorite. I am definitely going back!
<review# 1132,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/12/2012,7/23/2012,53,213,12,6,5>"Doray me, fatso latte."Tell that to any one of the staff who work at Fido and you'll get the House special. ;)I am a trans-hipster, one of the latest minority groups. We are a small group of people who are confused about our hipsterness - are we or are we not? Do we wear impossibly tiny pointless Panama hats, grow our sideburns super long, don ill fitting clothes and ride around on unicycles? Or not? That is the question.Until we come in touch with our inner hipster or exorcize the bastard out, we need a place to meet, commingle, cadge for free WiFi, order coffee and tap on our iAnythings to appear...hip. Fido is not the place for that. The Apple store or any suitable mental asylum would do.Fido is where Nashville comes to download some ethno-hip-funk-chilltronicated awe. You schmooze in at random O'clock, order some breakfast-esque menu item du jour glazed with organic locally harvested Himalayan salt, pick up a cup of Bongo roasted hippie-named coffee, saunter around the ancient wooden furniture while staring at artwork on the walls. You find yourself a cozy corner and wait for your viands to be delivered.The food is fit for kings, paupers, sellswords, wenches, magicmongers, mages and sometimes even to closet-Republicans. It is delectable, vegetarian-friendly and loaded with negative calories. You are bound to lose weight if you eat at Fido daily. It's a fact. Us trans-hipsters like to brush away our emo-like hair and hold our cup of joe with both our hands and slurp loud as we stare out of the ginormous open window/door thing in the corner room, stare at the ambient traffic, the passersby, the dragon-walkers and the nimrods, stare and contemplate our pitiful existence. We bring thin white slabs of metal made by a fruity company, don giant mickey-mouse headphones and smile absently at nothing, as we scroll up and down our Facebook feeds endlessly.This is zen and the art of coffee maintenance in the heart of Vandy.
<review# 1133,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/12/2012,7/22/2012,627,968,10,5,9>At the end of our second full 10 hour day of work meetings, the powers that be took us out to eat at the Governors Club.  So despite the long drive down Concord road to places I never visit, I pulled into the guard gate, told them my name and party, and was allowed to enter.SWAAAAAAAAANNNNNNNKKKKKKKYYYYYY neighborhood y'all.  Like really SWANK.  Like country stars and billionaires swanky.  Need to learn to play golf on that golf course so I can catch me a sugar daddy, no?Anyway, the mansion was Pleasant Hill, an old house built in 1854 by Colonel Winstead.  It has been restored with period decor and is quite interesting to check out.  They have room to set up tables for groups of diners and apparently even have weddings/receptions here.  There's a large outdoor patio area for the same type thing.  There's even a separate bar area so that people arriving can gather in there to get drinks and not block up the space between the tables since it is a little crammed in there when fully set up.  The staff is welcoming and seem to really love being there which adds a nice Southern charm to the whole thing.  Food was your standard group dinner stuff - salad with some really good thick balsalmic vinaigrette, entree was steak on one side, chicken on the other, and roasted vegetables and potatoes in the middle.  Steak was medium well and a little on the bland side, chicken was standard.  Overall just really average but when cooking for a large group it wasn't bad.  The dessert was a decadent chocolate cake with white icing but the chocolate syrup covering it was definitely Hershey's syrup.  Not like that's a bad thing!Overall seems like a really nice place to have a unique group dinner, rehearsal dinner, etc.  And apparently if you live over there and are a member (of what? not sure) you get a deal on this.  So move over to the neighborhood and then invite me over to your swanky place!
<review# 1134,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/23/2012,7/21/2012,217,312,21,13,8>I have no idea what I am doing here.  And frankly, there is no way the produce should be as cheap as it is?Should I feel guilty about buying cheap cheese?  Meat?  Random Asian sauces? Worried?  I'm conflicted.Nestled in the husk of an 80's Kroger, this joint is a mixed bag of ethnicities and broke-ass shopping carts.  Every time I buy any Asian sauces at the local grocery store, I feel like a total asshole.  Moreso than usual, because frankly, you're paying the same price for 8oz. at Publix that would buy you a 5 gallon drum here.  Smells sketchy and somewhat terrifying at times - proof that it is awesome and authentic.I could load up on shallots here and sell them outside of normal grocery stores for a huge profit.  Check out the giant Modelo/Corona beer banner in the produce section that encourages you to check out Lucky Bamboo next door, because nothing says "authentic dim sum" like Mexican beer.
<review# 1135,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/30/2012,7/19/2012,99,212,2,9,4>I live just a few miles from this car wash, and with the ban on car washing and maintenance imposed by my homeowner's association (damn you, bureaucracy!), I had been relegated to running through the automated washes scattered around town, both freestanding and at gas stations. I had never been to a full-service car wash before (at least not since I was a child) so I didn't really know what to expect.I was unimpressed with the facade. The building is old and shows signs of years of use. I informed the attendant who greeted me that I hadn't been there before and he grabbed a clipboard with the options so I could see what I had to choose from. They do charge more for larger vehicles, so I was happy to be driving a sedan. For just under $23 (including tax), I got the second best wash, including all the standard options, plus a wheel and undercarriage wash. I got out of my car after they reminded me to close all my windows and sunroof (thanks guys!), and moved into the waiting area. There were a number of benches and a coffeemaker with a pot of coffee that appeared to have last been washed sometime in the Carter administration. My expectations weren't particularly high.I was pleasantly surprised by the results. The car, which is white and had been positively filthy, absolutely gleamed! They dried it by hand with towels and I don't remember, but I suspect that some spray on wax had been applied, because the shine hasn't dimmed, even after a few days and a pretty heavy rainstorm. In short, I am happy these guys are down the street. For a fair price, they do as good of a job as I would have done myself, and do it rather quickly; I didn't time it exactly, but it couldn't have been more than 15 minutes, even preceded by three other cars in line. I will continue to give them business. PS, you can leave a tip for the guys who wax and dry, even if all you have is a credit card. The cashier is willing to charge your card inside at the register for a specified amount and hand you cash from the drawer so you can leave them a tip in the tip box out front.
<review# 1136,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/5/2012,7/16/2012,79,208,,7,3>I could go on and on about how amazing Arrington Vineyard is but I will try to keep it short. For starters, the view is simply breathtaking. As soon as you drive up the street you know you're in for something special. The vineyard is usually pretty crowded but they have people directing you where to park so there is no confusion there. It's a pretty long walk up the hill but luckily they have people driving golf carts that will gladly get you up there. Picnics, blankets, and chairs are welcome. There are tables throughout the property but you have to be pretty lucky to get one. The lodge is nice and the staff is very helpful. They offer free wine tastings but I have yet to get to partake in one. We always sign up for one but by the time it's our turn we have already been there for hours and have pretty much already tasted everything. :) My favorite is the Gewurtztraminer. It is a semi-sweet wine with aromas of lychee fruit, gala apple and sweet spices that lead to a blend of honeysuckle, pineapple, nectarine and vanilla flavors; sweet but balanced with fresh acidity. I recommend bringing your own wine glasses. Otherwise they provide free plastic cups or you can purchase a glass in the lodge. In the summer they have live music on the weekends and it really adds to the whole experience. I can't wait to go back! HINT: The bathroom lines can get pretty long in the lodge. There is also a bathroom behind the lodge that isn't usually as crowded.
<review# 1137,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/11/2011,6/15/2012,42,125,3,5,4>So I've been following these ladies on facebook for months before I finally made it by after brunch on the east side and I'm so glad I did. I took my sweet time browsing, and when I say sweet, I mean it. It was sweet, sweet time. Almost bought an adorable vintage dress that just wasn't made for ladies quite as busty as me, but did find a great nature tee that my guy friend had eyed first and which we decided (let's be honest, I gleefully proclaimed) would fit me better. Then I scored one of the new soy pumpkin pie candles (heaven). I tried out the renowned purple umbrella with bakelite handle but was ultimately terrified of destroying such a beauty. Their inventory seems to shift a lot (like I said I watch the photos and banter daily on fb) so I'll be sure to make it in more regularly now. I fell for a lot of the men's jackets and flannels, and there were some great women's handbags (not to mention the incredible boots). Almost went in for a lovely crocheted necklace but the drop on it was lower than made sense to me. The $10 candle seemed priced just right and adorable in its mason jar. The T, though in great condition, was almost beyond justifiable at $19. The sky blue color and antlered deer won me over though. In the end, I was happy to spend my dough locally.
<review# 1138,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/16/2011,6/14/2012,105,145,3,4,4>You know those times when you have a Spinal Tap moment? When you wish the system had an 11 instead of just 10, or 6 stars instead of just 5?  My impressions of Ruby would be one of those times.First impressions often create the mood for the rest and from first to last, Ruby's impressed. I was there for a bat mitzvah party and all I knew of the place was that it is new.As I pulled up into the Valet line, I was already impressed. The building may be a re purposed church but one would hardly know it as it has been expertly made over - outside and in. The patio area that I walked through before the entry-way was a nice touch, although it was forgotten once I entered the room. With its vaulted (church) ceiling and black and white disco dance floor, the room looked very fancy and upscale.While the food was provided by a local caterer (kosher), the drinks and drink menu were excellent and I truly appreciated that they use Corsair and Yahoo to provide local flair.Between the excellent bar service, the beautiful facility, and the speed of the valets, I would say this is one terrific venue for any event.
<review# 1139,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/24/2012,6/13/2012,108,86,5,6,5>Upon each visit, it boggles my mind that this place doesn't have more patrons. Then again, it could just be me and my timing. When I'm downtown looking for a post-event dinner or a delicious nightcap after a night on the town, Past Perfect is... well, perfect. And open till 3am on Fridays and Saturdays.There's something about this place that I love. The swanky atmosphere? The daily specials? The creative house-infusions? The brilliant Past Perfect sampler with Beer Cheese, Hummus and Black Olive Tapenade? Forget it... all of the above!Menu-wise, I've only ventured between the Alamo Wrap and the BBQ Ranch Wrap. While they're both solid choices, food typically isn't a factor in my decision to visit this establishment. You feel me?For my fellow liquid dieters, however, hold your horses while I ramble off some recs!Swing by on the weekend for a 10am-2pm brunch featuring a build-your-own Bloody Mary bar! If you're not that adventurous, at least order a diet coke with the cherry infused vodka.Otherwise, you got your $5 Classic Cocktails on Monday, $3 Infused Shots on Tuesday, $5 house wines on Wednesday, $5 Mojitos on Thursday, $5 Margaritas on Friday, $5 Champagne Cocktails on Saturday, and a one-two punch on Sundays with $3 16oz PBRs AND $5 Infused Martinis.Whether you're roaming downtown with a big party or flying solo, Past Perfect has the cure for what ails ya! Seven days a week.
<review# 1140,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/2/2012,6/12/2012,52,174,3,6,6>A casual lunch visit to the Farmer's Market today had me completely surprised to find a new pizza proprietor.  Even more shocking was that it happened to be wood fired oven pizza.  How did this new super secret stealth pizza spot slip under my radar? That still remains a mystery but as a fanatic of any wood fired / neapolitan style pizza I was compelled to try it out. Less than 10 minutes after my order (which was paid for via square on a iPad) I had a fresh pizza right out of the oven on a plate in front of me. I ordered the meat pizza which for all intents and purposes seems to be a margherita pizza but with one glorious addition: Benton's country ham. Any serious meat enthusiast is probably already sold but in case you don't know by now Benton's is pretty much the grandaddy of all smoked swine.  The salty salty salty (salty^3) paper thin ham was a great addition the array of flavors already present in the basil, mozzarella, and tomato. Add in the crust with just the right amount of charred crispy goodness and it was probably the best thing I've ever experienced from a vendor at the Farmer's Market. The only negative I will say is that the center of the crust was a little poofier than I am accustomed to with other neopolitan places here in town like Bella Napoli or Porta Via.  Also the sauce was tangier than I usually prefer but I like my sauce a bit on the sweet side so this was actually kind of a welcome change. The personal size wasn't overly enormous and sized more appropriate for consumption by single person as a lunch portion. That was also reflected in the price as it was about $2-$3 less than the cheapest personal pizzas I have seen at the competition. I've never received such quick service and convenience at the other places though so in terms of price to value to convenience this place is pretty much off the charts. I don't see myself going anywhere else in the Farmer's Market any time soon. In fact I think I will probably coming back to the Farmer's Market more often now because of this place.
<review# 1141,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/10/2012,6/11/2012,81,468,2,6,6>I like this place.  It is a music-oriented bar and restaurant that features bands and musicians who are either recorded or on the cusp of being recorded.  Tables can be reserved online, or one can just show up and take a chance that there are seats.  Unless a well-known artist is playing, there should be tables/seats available.  This is one of the Nashville Originals restaurants which was the reason for my visit.The menu has a variety of American food with a southern touch, including BBQ, fried pickles and green tomatoes, a baked potato selection and more.  My Smoked Pork Steak was hearty and savory and came with house-made chips and a BBQ sauce I used to dip both meat and chips.The service was polite and laid back, like the atmosphere inside this venue.  The music tonight was indie-rock and I've also seen country too.  The mixing could have been a bit better, but the musicianship was very good.Altogether, a place I would come back to and bring friends from out-of-town.
<review# 1142,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/8/2012,6/10/2012,42,124,1,4,4>This is a place where I felt like I tasted every one of the tacos just because I salivated over the ingredients.  Creative.  I actually ate the avocado and chicken, and sampled the pork and carne.  All were quite good.  I think I need to go back when I'm not as hungry so I can savor all the flavors instead of gobbling the taco.  The vibe was laid back and rustic.  I thought the cuban beans and plantains were out of this world with the mix of textures, but it hurt me to pay $5.  It was worth a one-time taste and the plantains were absolutely ripe and cooked perfectly.
<review# 1143,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/5/2011,6/9/2012,96,336,2,7,4>Originally I thought I would tell you all the details about the experience my girlfriend and I had here on Sunday night. Everything for finding the place, getting a seat at the bar and deciding what to drink. But, then I decided that not knowing what to expect from a visit to The Patterson House is part of the whole experience. It's so much more enjoyable not knowing what to expect. I am never this vague in my reviews, but my suggestion is just to go. Everything about this place is amazing. You need to take my suggestion and go experience it for your self. Enjoy!
<review# 1144,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/6/2011,6/8/2012,1,110,1,6,5>As a southern California native, I can easily say this is the best beef pho in Nashville hands down, no competition. I'm glad I'm not the only person from soCal who thinks so too. If you compare their pho to the typical pho found on Bolsa (Little Saigon in soCal), it would rate 3/5 stars (huge compliment). In Nashville, it's 5/5 stars.I discovered this place only a few months ago when I was doing surgeries at Southern Hills Hospital on Nolensville. When assessing beef pho, it's always important to LOOK at the broth first. It needs to have enough floating glistening patches on the surface to suggest that the broth has been cooking with beef bones and marrow for a long duration. It needs to be relatively transparent, just barely enough darkness to suggest the right amount of herbs such as star anise, but too much star anise would make the broth dark and bitter (cough Kien Giang cough). They also let you select which cuts of beef to include in your bowl. This is purely personal preference, but I generally get brisket and rare (cooked in the bowl).  Avoid the seafood pho. It's not originally a northern Vietnamese tradition to have anything other than beef in pho. Some poor areas in central Vietnam as well as neighboring southeastern Asian countries tend to use seafood instead of beef. Southern Vietnamese tradition tends to use chicken in pho (still haven't found a good chicken pho restaurant in Nashville yet).Even though V & V Seafood markets itself as some sort of Cajun restaurant, the owners, their families, and their friends all know that the best dish they serve is their beef pho. What surprises me most is that the best pho place in Nashville is owned and run by a Laos family.I always order their beef pho and it's their beef pho alone that I'm giving them 5/5 stars. In my book there's no reason to order anything else here (quite surprising for me since I'm usually very open at trying different items from the same location). Regular size bowl is $7.00 (average size, comparable to other pho restaurants). Large size bowl is $8.50 (HUGE, I mean HUGE bowl, larger than any bowl at every pho restaurant I've eaten in my life).
<review# 1145,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/5/2011,6/7/2012,42,325,2,4,4>This locally owned restaurant's downtown Nashville location has been a favorite of mines for years.The Chicken & Rice soup, the Chili served over pasta, fantastic !Mom's Pot Roast is Great along with everything else I've ordered from their very extensive menu.  A full Bar and dining service at the bar is a plus.The prices are so reasonable that on my first visit I had to wonder why, now I realize that they have made their name on quality food and service at a good price.
<review# 1146,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/21/2011,6/6/2012,137,58,1,14,3>The staff at Rejuvenation Group is very friendly and attentive to my needs. I initially visited as a result of a groupon deal but  I can say that after my second treatment they have made a customer for life. The office is very clean and attractive in a discreet yet easy to find location. I've experienced nothing but professionalism and they always make me feel comfortable. Most importantly I have seen great results with my treatment so far. They offer free helpful tips and recommendations. I would certainly recommend the Rejuvenation Group to my friends.
<review# 1147,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/30/2011,3/22/2012,127,9,9,7,9>Copper Kettle Sunday Brunch... First Course: Gluttony, Second Course: Shame.In general, I have a love/hate relationship with buffets. There's this tendency to try to get your money's worth that always results in three trips back to the line and four types of pie. Well, this was no different. My first thought was that the price tag on the brunch buffet was a bit steep - 16.25 per person, but it was worth it. And like the capitalist American that I am, I ate at minimum 30 dollars worth of food.There was a bit of a wait, but they had a coffee station set up outside so I could at least caffeinate before eating. Service was good too, because when I was suddenly swarmed by a dozen or so cicadas during that 15 minute wait, a waiter rushed out with a towel so I could wipe down my purse, arm, and friend's pants after spastically spilling the aforementioned coffee everywhere.Tip: You can wait in the nearby bookstore. The host will come find you, and it's bug free. The food. Of course, the food! It was awesome. I've spent the past few years bouncing around from pescatarianism to veganism, and completely fell off the wagon (hard) for their eggs benedict. Why? Because it was on a CROISSANT instead of an english muffin. WHY HADN'T I THOUGHT OF THIS?Their were more options than you could imagine - a carving station (which I skipped, but my carnivorous friend enjoyed), waffles made to order (just ask your waiter. This was a highlight), tons of pastries, smoked salmon, salads and all the breakfast staples. I left happy, full, and a little ashamed. I'll definitely be back.
<review# 1148,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/7/2012,3/21/2012,105,145,4,9,6>I have 4 children - a 6 year old boy, a 5 year old girl, a 3 year old boy and a one year old girl. This summer, we enrolled the two oldest in David Deaton Karate, and it was one of the best parenting decisions we have made.While my kids are amazing, like all kids, they have growing up issues they need to deal with. My son is a bit hyper and a chatterbox. My daughter is a bit hard to get to try new things and can be a bit whiny. DDK has been amazing in that it has helped both of them with their issues and moved them towards greater respect, self-respect and discipline at the same time.The teachers (Senseis) are very adept at blending the right mix of discipline and fun. The classes start with the Pledge of Allegiance and standing at discipline, and end with the stating of their credo ( my kids are in different classes, so their credos are different, but they include a pledge to eat healthy foods, do what they are told with enthusiasm, and never abuse what they learn in Karate, among others.)The classes combine physical fitness - push ups, crunches, running, etc, along with Karates exercises, and - at the higher belts, sparring. The kids are taught the value of discipline and a rewarded for it with karate bucks - good for gear at the gift shop.But what I like the best is their general philosophy. Parents are required to be in the room while the kids Ake their classes. They want to emphasize that this is not a 'drop off' for your kids, but way. Similarly, kids are not allowed to go up a belt without getting their parents to sgn off that their kids have been doing all their chores And their teachers have to sign off that they have been listening well in class and doing their best. It's pretty cool.Whille it is definitely a business, and there is definaely pressure to join the black-belt club and to purchase gear, it's so minor compared to the benefits my kids get as to be barely worth mentioning.I can't wait until my 3 year old is old enough to start.
<review# 1149,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/29/2011,3/20/2012,50,171,10,8,5>I'll admit, this isn't for the faint of heart. Or the seeing. Just close your eyes and eat it.Don't use the bathroom. Don't look in the kitchen.Do get the chicken taco and the beef taco. Don't get sides. That's not why you are here. You won't be sorry or skinnier.You can point to what you want at the menu. Or say your order in Spanish. If you were raised in Alabama before 2000 and don't know any Spanish, this is your only option.Get a coke from Mexico out of the fridge. they use real sugar and taste better than American coke.Follow it up with Ice cream next door. It is all homemade. Again, just point to what you want.
<review# 1150,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/9/2012,3/19/2012,119,224,8,9,7>I think The Pharmacy is what Burger Up wishes it could be. Hipster atmosphere, casual wait staff, locally sourced foods and handmade condiments & soda's... yada yada yada. However the comparison ends there because The Pharmacy far surpasses Burger Up in that it is 1. reasonably priced 2. you know, actually tastey. As with all burger joints I've never tried, I went with the basic American cheeseburger called 'The Pharmacy Burger' here. I subbed out yellow mustard for maple mustard and ordered it medium rare with the sweet potato fries. I feel bad for the guy who felt the fries were from sysco because mine tasted fresh and like actual potatoes, so if they are sysco brand, they are the high class fancy sysco catered food - and I liked it. My burger was well executed, moist and had my 'garden' chopped up - just how I like it.. The bun - lets talk about this local Provence bun. Its weird. Its doughy. Its even a little mushy. Its not what Nashville, TN is expecting, but I dunno... I think I side with the people who like it, its definitely going to be a personal preference thing, but it had great almost egg-y flavor. I'd say if you don't like 'squishy' bread to ask for it extra toasted.The beer prices were pretty good; around $6 for a 20 ounce specialty beer or you could go with the special of the night and get your huge mug for just $4. Like the rest of Nashville, I can't wait to sit outside in the garden this spring!My favorite interior element was the long wooden bar in the middle - sophisticated yet friendly. The service was pretty much exactly 3 star average. It was busy up in there though. My forgotten beer mishap was apologized for no less than 6 times, so I won't begrudge them that. My recco's go something like this: offer two buns and don't let douche-y people pile up to your small bar 3 deep so diners at tables feel super awkward with butts in their faces. I'm sorry, but if you are a group of 8, get a table or go to a place where people aren't primarily eating. Last, whats with the new thing of calling every flavored mayo on earth 'Aioli'? Although similar it is not the same. In fact - in purest forms Aioli has to be garlic, so your other flavors are NOT aioli. Whats with disrespecting mayonaise? (::end rant::) *I would like to point out I enjoyed their condiments anyway ;)
<review# 1151,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/28/2011,3/18/2012,81,468,,6,1>This location has changed hands several times in rapid succession in the past few years, so I was leery of trying out Oscar's until I saw indications, some sign, that they knew what to do to run a successful business.The first sign I saw was that the small parking lot seemed to have a decent number of cars parked.  More than the other businesses that had been there previously.  Then, I found their website and saw that this location was one of several locations around middle TN.Walking in, the place was airy and clean.  No strange smells, no oily surfaces anywhere.  The food was fresh made after I ordered it, so the fish in the Taco de Pescado (fish taco) was HOT, as it just came out of the fryer.  The Taco de Cameron aka shrimp taco has so many shrimp they were falling out as i was eating it.  I think this is the most authentic California-style taco joint in the Boro.  They didn't have horchata (coming in two weeks) so they are getting more authentic all the time.  I will have to come back because their menu is wide and prices reasonable.
<review# 1152,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/30/2011,3/17/2012,888,249,6,8,7>Full disclosure:  I'm not the authority in the bar scene here in Nashville.  I typically only see these places once every three years when someone is visiting; so, I can only speak from a visitor's point of view while I live here in Nashville.Play is awesome as far as bars go.  Decor-wise, when you walk into the bar, your first impression is the recently renovated show bar with a large stage, sleek panels, cafe area and two risered sections.  Note:  The riser area on the far end is VIP only and costs $50 to enter.  You'll get the same view from almost anywhere so you can either knock yourself out and let people see that you have the money to sit there or sit with the rest of us commoners.The bar is broken into technically four areas.  The show bar, the dance bar, the entry/lounge and the smoking area.  The dance bar is as nice as anything I've ever been to in NYC, Chicago or California.  The mix is great.  They also have a lot of events in this space, too, like fashion shows and smaller concerts.The drag show is obviously the big draw.  "Deeranged," the hostess and emcee is world-class.  First, she's classy.  Second, she's hilarious.  Third, she goes beyond the normal boy-in-a-dress lipsynch and really challenges herself as a theatrical artist.  This night, she did "What's Going On" dresses as The Mad Hatter (and not the Party City costume version either) and "Bohemian Rhapsody" as Edward Scissorhands.  The entire audience sat in awe the entire 7 to 10 minutes.  The other "playmates" are also excellent. I'm not big on the plastic surgery drag queens.  I like a full illusion and someone who out of drag shocks you as a boy.  Expect a ton of bachelorette parties at the 11 pm show.  Ladies, we love you, but GEEZ you can really be disrespectful to the performers.  For a more respectful experience, enjoy the 1 am show.  If you have problems with loud music, the show mix is actually perfect.Crowd-wise, I really don't know.  It changes, it seems.  Stereotypically, it's a "twinky" crowd.  Oh, and ask for Kyle as your bartender and double tip him.  He's amazing!
<review# 1153,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/2/2012,3/16/2012,500,733,5,9,6>Ok, so I'm a Vandy student and Grinns is an on campus restaurant (open to everyone though). In the two years that I have been here, I never went to Grinns before mostly because I don't enjoy vegetables (My idea of vegetarian is pasta and possibly some greens.) and also because I got scolded by a girl at the lobby of the Jewish center (I think Grinns is connected to Hillel?)... so yeah, I was kinda intimidated to enter this place.My friend who is very skinny and a complete health freak dragged me in.  Seriously just thinking about eating nothing but vegetables repelled me.  I asked her "what if I am still hungry!  I'm not a rabbit!"  She told me it was all tasty and that her favorite was the veggie burger.  Thats when I decided she was not a reliable foodie and I no longer trusted her taste in food.  I mean she was a size 0 so she must not eat much and who actually enjoys veggie burgers. yuck!So anyway, I made my order of a Mexicali wrap and a side of penne pasta salad.  It was surprisingly really good!  I was full and even craved more of it the next day.  Who knew it was possible to be a vegetarian and have a satisfied belly!?  I even had more energy like my environmental science high school teacher told me I would!  I'm definitely coming back and recommending this place to everyone I know.  This place is really awesome!  It may not be my favorite place in the world, but it really is an amazing place.  I can see why it was packed not only with dozens and dozens of Vanderbilt students but also LOCAL PEOPLE FROM NASHVILLE. This place is somewhat progressive in the sense that this is the only completely vegetarian AND Kosher place that I know of in Nashville.  Pretty impressive.  Also, the staff are really friendly and they remember all their regulars by name.  This is the warmest place on campus.  And now that my mind has been opened, I might just try that veggie burger that my friend suggested.As a huge animal lover, and being very aware of the cruelty to farm animals, maybe becoming a vegetarian might not be as much of a difficult sacrifice as I had originally thought....Really, my only complaint is that  they only give you the choice of coffee, iced tea, and cold or hot water.  Why no juices?  And when I went at 6pm, the line was so long and the seating though abundant was lacking in availability.  They need to expand!  There's too many customers.
<review# 1154,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/10/2012,3/15/2012,67,461,,8,3>Some things you love and can't get enough of. Staying on hotel row on Elm Hill, decided to give the new Monell's a try. Pushed back from the main road and only a sign at the road, it's easy to miss Monell's or know what it's all about unless YOU ARE IN THE KNOW. Once you arrive, the mansion and interior decor takes you back a step with the spiral staircase, the older books on the shelves in the dining room.Seated quickly by ourselves - table of 2. Servings were big enough to serve.... 5-6.Some of the few noticeable differences: paper plates for dessert. All the plates at this location are identical like a set. Silverware is set on the left (on the right at the original location).But you don't lose sight of the real reason for coming: GOOD FOOD! Had more sides than I could've imagined - green beans, corn pudding, mashed potatoes, sweet potato casserole, tuna something salad, pasta salad. The meatloaf is more flavorful than my fond memories recall, fried chicken was excellent that I almost couldn't stop.This location had bread pudding for dessert. Ok... the only 2 times that Monell's has not had banana pudding - dessert has left me disappointed.Things I miss: It's not like coming home that I feel at the original location where the owner and a few of the staff always remember me and say hello.
<review# 1155,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/28/2011,3/14/2012,108,86,4,6,6>Smallish, dive-y, dark, smokey. It's my little piece of heaven in hipster-centric East Nashville.I've attended several shows here and have always enjoyed myself. Parking seems to be the only real issue, but street parking typically offers up an ample spot within a few blocks. And really, if you don't like walking to your destination... why do you live here?The bar, immediately to your right as you walk in, stretches the entire length of the venue and I've never experienced a night where the barkeep wasn't on top of things.BONUS: I've just recently discovered The Boom Bap - an old skool hip hop dance party where 3-4 DJs are in rotation spinning records that will make you drop it like it's hot in one breath and say "hip hop hooray" in another.The Boom Bap makes a home at The 5 Spot on the 4th Saturday of every month starting at 9pm. 21+. $5 cover. Ridiculous good times that keep the party going into the wee hours of Sunday.
<review# 1156,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/6/2012,3/13/2012,37,76,5,8,7>Fadd's party bus is an unexpected fun party experience for a group. Our group of friends enjoyed their services on the glow bus for a joint 40th birthday party for my husband and a dear friend.  I have to say, we had an absolute blast! The DJ accommodated our requests and kept us all dancing so much, we didn't get off the bus our entire allocated ride, and we even extended the trip another hour. There are seats along a central aisle, with dance poles and lighted rails strategically placed to help you navigate the bus while moving. What they really help with is getting even the most straight laced of our crowd to show off their dirty dancing moves. A well stocked bar and tasty cocktails we brought along also helped, I am sure. The company provides coolers, and ice, trash bags, a bathroom aboard, after party clean up, and discretion about your embarrassing party fouls. If those stripper poles could only talk....Well worth the price!
<review# 1157,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/30/2012,11/2/2012,29,79,,6,2>Decided to give this place a shot after seeing them on an episode of DD&D. My husband and I went for lunch and ordered the hummus bar w/ roasted eggplant and olives...YUM!  We also decided to give the cheese platter (house made cheese) a try since it was one of the items featured on DD&D too was AWESOME. The two of us made a meal out of these dishes...portions are generous and the above came with fresh pita bread for dipping.  The place is small, so get there early, or be prepared to wait.  They do have a nice patio for warmer weather which adds additional seating.  Overall, I was impressed and will be back!  Thanks for featuring on your show, Guy!
<review# 1158,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/28/2012,11/1/2012,13,22,1,10,4>The interior of this space is almost unrecognizable to anyone who frequented the former Cooper's on Porter. Gone is the wall behind the bar, which now opens to show inside the kitchen. The weird booths in the middle that segmented the restaurant have been replaced by two brick columns, which gives it a much more open feel. We sat in the back, where an open garage door overlooks the patio, allowing in the fresh air while still keeping us out the rain.Their menu design needs a little work, but they have an impressive wine list, though more bottles than by the glass, and several beers in bottles, though only two drafts. We didn't get an appetizer, though they had a nice selection plus a special not on the menu. Instead, we split a Caesar salad. The dressing was really light despite coating the lettuce entirely, but could have used a little extra oomph. The croutons were made from the same bread we were served with olive oil -- nice and garlicky.Speaking of garlic, let's get to the entrees. I ordered the half portion of the potato-suffed ravioli with crawfish tails, butter and lemon. Very flavorful, with a nice garlic-laden broth of some sort as a sauce. The crawfish tails were huge, very shrimplike for what I'm used to (I'm from around here, so growing up I ate my share of "crawdaddies" that didn't resemble these at all), and the potato filling in the ravioli was basically creamy mashed potatoes -- smoother than the consistency of the usual ricotta. The ravioli was slightly undercooked on the edges, but I still inhaled it. And a great deal for only $9 ($17 for a full portion).He tried the pizza with lamb sausage, fennel, tomatoes and arugula. Not too crusty, but not cracker-thin (we both prefer a crust on the thinner side), and generous with the toppings, though a little skimpy on the sauce, but that may be their style. No complaints -- and at $11, a decent deal for gourmet pizza.We arrived around 6:30 on a Friday night and were sat immediately, though probably just in the nick of time, since there was a huge line out the door when we left. As far as service goes (since I've seen complaints), our drinks took a while to arrive, but our server was very apologetic. And at least two other people (owners?) stopped by during the course of our meal to ask how everything was -- I imagine they just want to make a good first impression, which they certainly did. When our food didn't arrive as soon as she had promised, our server offered to buy us a second round of drinks, even though we weren't complaining. And then our food arrived immediately after that. So ... free drinks for not-really-that-slow service? I'll definitely be back.Although to second another reviewer... where was the hostess stand? And more importantly, this place needs a website, or at the very least a Facebook page. I know it's owned by the same folks who run Eastland Cafe, so I figure they are just trying to do a soft opening for a few weeks before they start heavy promotions, but if it weren't for a food blogger posting about them, I wouldn't have known they were open.
<review# 1159,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/15/2012,10/31/2012,29,145,3,2,2>walked in and I died. heaven. it was great. I don't know what else to say, except if you've known about this place and haven't gone then you lose. GO! GO!
<review# 1160,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/20/2012,10/30/2012,29,125,3,8,2>Nowadays going to the theatre will set you back at least $40. In that respect, Franklin Theatre is as refreshing as their air conditioning (which works very well). My boyfriend and I recently saw a move there for $5.00. Yes, you read that correctly. We saw a movie for FIVE DOLLARS. Yes, it was the Wizard of Oz but it satisfied my need to go on a movie date and who doesn't love the Wizard of Oz? I enjoyed my experience (and my receipt) so much that I am dragging my boyfriend back for a midnight showing of Monty Python: The Search for the Holy Grail. The showing is at midnight and is 21+ (No hormone induced teenage lovers making out behind me!!). The theater serves beer so I plan on spending the money I saved on tickets to treat my dear to a Yazoo brew. I will leave you with this, when I went to the bathroom they were playing the audio through the speakers so that I wouldn't miss anything. Seriously? I don't think I'll ever go back to the big chain theater.
<review# 1161,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/1/2012,10/29/2012,24,215,3,6,3>Fido is a solid spot and deserves a review on its own, but the main reason I am writing this is because I had three separate people I work with within the last month go to brunch at Fido and at another Hillsboro Village pancake establishment that shall go unnamed (but is famous for long lines and serving things that might be found in a pantry, do the math).  To say that Fido came out on top is a big understatement. Each one of them was severely underwhelmed by the "Nashville Institution" and was delighted by their meal at Fido.  For the review portion of this review; my experiences with the food at Fido vibe very closely with the experiences that my co-workers had.  I have only eaten at Fido a couple of times, but on both occasions I found the food to be very satisfying and the menu was creative and broad enough for the whole family.  The coffee is pretty darn good, but I usually stick with the sugar no cream variety so I can not claim to be an expert.  The real standout on my last visit was the desert selection.  Whoever they have making their pastries deserves a raise and possibly some kind of medal.  We had a chocolate cake and a yazoo stout something or other that were as good as the deserts you would find in a fine dining establishment.  Also, Fido is excellent about discounting all their day old bagels, desserts and cakes to ridiculously low prices.  I think we paid like a buck for the chocolate cake even though it was still perfectly fresh.  The only downside to Fido is that the interior layout is kind of cramped and out of date for the kind of product they are putting out.  It still feels very much like a college coffee hangout.  Not that there is anything wrong with that, but it is not exactly a high class buffet place for old southern ladies.  Which kind of brings me to my real point outside of Fido (it's good, you should go, get the dessert, done.)  The real issue that I wanted to write about are the blind recommendations that "Nashville Institutions" get for all out of town Nashville guests.  I will not name names, but I think most of them are coasting on reputation alone and have long ago lost what made them special in the first place.  They now function on nostalgia and the cognitive dissonance that comes with waiting in line for thirty minutes with 50 other people.  It is the "I used to love this place long ago when times were simple." crossed with "Certainly if everyone is waiting it must be good right?" effect.  For the "institution" it makes sense, once you achieve a certain level of recognition and you are guaranteed crowds regardless of the quality you are putting out what is the motivation to innovate and change with the times.  It would almost be foolish for the "Pancake Cupboard" to do anything to mess with success.  That does not mean that every poor sap who visits Nashville needs to wait in line to eat a mediocre brunch just because one of their buddies went to Vandy and they have fond memories of the place.  For the record I am a Native Nashvillian (one of about 52 at last count) and a fan of history (with the college minor to prove it), but times change.  From someone who grew up here, things are way better today than they were even 15 years ago.    This city is full of establishments that have not been around forever, but that are busting their butts to become the new standard of what this city can be.  I know I am preaching to the choir here on the yelpy interwebs, but we do Nashville a disservice when we trot out the same tired recommendations to the same old guard hangouts.   I suppose that is why I take the time to post these long winded rants under the guise of reviews.  I want this city to get better and the best way for that to happen is to reward those who do things better than they have been done in the past.  If that means that the "institutions" have to up their game or get left behind then I am fine with that as well.  Change is good, let's just make sure it really is the fittest that survive.
<review# 1162,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/1/2012,10/28/2012,53,213,4,4,4>Every city has a heart. Vegas has its desert. New York City has its rats and Nashville has Frugal McDoogal. While you mull about its name, FMcD will blow your mind with a bazooka of choices. Arranged neatly by category, one can saunter down this kid-unfriendly place and giggle in glee as one identifies one's choice of booze. Rum, whiskey, gin, tequila, you name it, they have it. Except tonic. They don't carry tonic. Or zebras. But pretty much every other libation known to mankind is available here. Sometimes, during a solar eclipse, the store's floor will begin to bubble vehemently and yawn wide open. You have to be careful on those days, for that's when hell's angels come here to do their grocery shopping. FMcD is also one of the places to purchase that sweet sweet Corsair liquor. Support your local booze and booze store. Drink Dos Equis.
<review# 1163,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/6/2012,10/27/2012,260,247,1,2,3>Three words: Turkey Apple BrieWho wouldn't want a toasted hoagie with jalapeno cranberry relish, apples, honey mustard, and brie in your mouth in the middle of the day!?!? I'm actually craving it right now and it's the middle of the night! ;)I absolutely love this place. It has never failed me and the atmosphere is great. You can grab a seat at the bar and down your sandwich so you can get back to work or you can find yourself a nice spot on the patio and leisurely savor each bite.I took a few of my friends for the first time and they loved it too. Bonus part- they told me they were having a baby!!!! I want to go back and try the banh mi. I'm nervous and excited because there's nothing like a banh mi as you are walking the streets of Saigon. I've heard great things so I am willing to give it a try.Wish that it was closer to me but the drive is well worth it! :)
<review# 1164,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/14/2012,10/26/2012,85,236,4,3,2>Snaps to Tavern for turning the location of the damned to the place to have lunch in the Vandy/Music Row area.  Formerly occupied by scary places like "Lime" (where they mastered owning limes, but little else), I didn't have high expectations, but DAMN it was a great lunch.  The restaurant set up is a huge revamp from Lime where they have taken a nasty DJ station and turned it into a cool tucked away place to eat.  Their upscale urban vibe will quickly make you forget you are a few feet from Noshville and provide an amazingly tranquil lunch experience given how popular the place is.  We had no wait on an afternoon lunch date, the hostess had that cool vibe that one hopes for where she seemed genuinely happy to see you and the wait staff rocked the Casaba.  I had no clue what to get and combine with dim lighting and a splitting headache upon arrival I simply asked for whatever the best salad they served.  A couple questions later and our happy server produced a palm sized bowl of kale salad which initially made me think I'd be hitting up Noshville after all.  But I was so, so terribly wrong.  This kale, ahi, pine nut, Parmesan and garlic salad was fan-flipping-tastic.  Granted, it looked like something you should be feeding your pet rabbit, but maybe the bunnies are onto something because it was tremendous.  Prices were totally reasonable and they were kind enough to have the lead singer from Kings of Leon show up as we were leaving so he could get his grub on.  And no, that wasn't the reason I'm throwing in my 5 star endorsement.  Although it sure didn't hurt 'cuz he's smoking hot.Even without Caleb, you'll love this place.  Just don't bring your mom, because there are no BLTs or tuna melts in sight.
<review# 1165,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/13/2012,10/25/2012,217,312,7,12,9>We have no idea how lucky we are to have this hospital in Nashville.Our little guy Sammy proved his manhood by smashing headfirst into the side of our glass TV table.  Once we had pulled ourselves together and mopped up some of the blood, we headed out to the Vandy Children's ER looking like Jules and Vincent right after they accidentally shot Marvin - proving my theory that everyone looks like a homicidal hobo in an ER waiting room.They quickly checked us in and did some triage on our little guy to get him ready for his stitches.  Once we got up to the Fast Track level, they immediately started to check him out and got us in our final room within 10 minutes.  Once we were set up in our room, there was a children's aid that came in that was there to interact with our little guy - she was super sweet and had an iPad loaded up with all of his favorite shows!  The doctor came in and got to work on his stitches; he had a great bedside manner with our little dude and had him sewn up in no time - didn't even have to use drugs and Sam didn't even cry!Made our way down to Ben And Jerry's right before they closed and scored some reward ice cream (finally got to try some Schweddy Balls), and he had a blast looking at all of the cool things for kids down on the 2nd floor.Amazing place, but I'm good if I don't have to go back again any time soon.
<review# 1166,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/4/2012,10/24/2012,9,102,4,4,5>This is the benchmark for dive bars (a close tie with the Upside Down Plaza in Birmingham, AL). Regulars over the age of 60? Check. Beer so cheap you'll think it's 1950? Check. Pool tables (snooker and ping pong variety as well)? Check. In the basement of an abandoned bowling alley with absolutely no signage whatsoever? Check. Here's what you may not like that I'm indifferent to: hipsters after   9 pm, enough smoke to think you're in a coffin with the Marlboro Man, and a delightful smell that I adoringly call "New Orleans Summer Breeze". In fact this place reminds me of New Orleans quite a bit. There's an oddity in this state that requires all bars to serve food. This place meets that requirement at the bare minimum. Most people bring in food, so don't ask. In one sentence, this is the place where the Black Keys shot their album cover because they wanted the authentic, seedy aesthetic. Check.
<review# 1167,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/29/2012,1/15/2013,79,208,,9,4>I'm giving Aura 5 stars simply based on my happy hour experience there. I was lucky enough to attend an Elite event at Aura and I was so impressed that I decided to come back 5 days later and introduce 2 friends to the fabulousness and the WINE ON TAP. Yes, you read that correctly. WINE ON TAP. More on that in a minute.   For starters, I love the decor/ambience. It's low lighting, interesting colors, jazzy music, and just an overall very "chill" feel. We were warmly greeted immediately upon walking through the door. We elected to sit at at table in the bar area. Cyndi our waitress was awesome. She explained all the happy hour specials and recommended some "small bites" for us to try. She was very accommodating and patient with everything we asked for. I could be totally wrong, but she actually seemed like she enjoyed being there and serving us. The edamame hummus is an absolute must try. It has a semi-sweet taste due to the ginger, honey, and sesame seed oil in it. The fried pickles are excellent as well. She gave us a lunch menu to take home and I can't wait to come back and try out the burgers. The lunch prices seemed very reasonable. If I'm just being honest, I probably won't come here for dinner. The dinner menu is very diverse, but nothing on it really stood out to me. BUT, I am not that adventurous of an eater. I'm sure it's all wonderful, but for now I am 100% happy sticking to the amazing small bites menu and the wine on tap. Or even just the wine on tap. Who needs food? I've sampled the Chardonnay, the Pinot Noir, and the Grüner Veltliner. The Grüner was my fave. It reminds me of a Gewürztraminer, but just a tad less sweet. Due to the kegerator in which it is housed, it is served at the PERFECT temperature. Happy hour is from 4-6pm M-F and the wines are only $5 per glass during HH and $8 during regular hours. VERY worth it considering the generous size of the pour. Overall, I just can't say enough nice things about the 2 experiences I've had at Aura and I truly can't wait to introduce more friends.
<review# 1168,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/10/2012,1/14/2013,116,220,5,12,4>I am beginning to feel like Nashville food offers some options just as incredible as San Francisco. Lockeland Table is on the cutting edge of this movement! I could barely wait last week as Friday approached, because friends were visiting from the Bay Area and we had reservations for Lockeland Table. They both commented that the interior reminded them of something straight out of San Francisco. There were so many incredible cocktails and wines to choose from, I didn't know where to begin. I had a cocktail of vodka, pomegranate, and I'm not sure what all. It was sooo delicious! We ordered the corn bread to start. Normally, I don't really like cornbread. But this was no ordinary cornbread, it was moist, not overly sweet or salty, and had more flavor than I anticipated. My boyfriend and I ordered the shrimp and pork dumplings. They were just like delicious dim sum dumplings, with the sweet chili sauce to dip in. Incredible! Our friends split a salad, which looked fantastic. For my entree, I had the trout. It came with roasted sweet potatoes and some other veggies. The fish was perfectly cooked, and the veggies were packed with so much flavor some of it almost tasted meaty it was so powerful. I was very impressed. My boyfriend had the bone-in pork chop, which was uber tender and flavorful as well. It came with mac n cheese made with a smoky cheese, so savory! It also had a side of greens that had just the right amount of vinegar to balance out the flavor. We left feeling like stuffed royalty. This would be an incredible place to take a date you want to impress. It's not stuffy or very fancy, but more of a laid back, friendly vibe. I'm liking Nashville more and more!
<review# 1169,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/18/2012,1/13/2013,301,352,9,11,7>After meeting with Dr. Graham during my fathers visit, I spoke with him regarding my issues with chronic migraines. He was more then happy to offer assistance and I made an appointment.During my visit we went over my 4 year period of medications and procedures I have done. He looked at my records and MRI scan and he listened to all my concerns & questions. He went in depth on what he can do to help. Explaining the reasons why we suffer from them, etc etc...I left his office feeling like I will finally get some relief.His staff is as sweet as peaches!! They really do treat you like a friend not a patient. The office is very patriot and designed well. I am really happy with Dr. Graham. I feel confident I will be in great hands!
<review# 1170,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/23/2012,1/12/2013,54,100,1,4,4>Most Mexican restaurants around here are cut from the same cloth. It's not a bad cloth, in fact, I would give 90% of the one's I've been to a 3 star A-OK rating. This La Terraza is a step above for me for a few reasons:1. They bring little bowls that everyone can spoon their own salsa into, eliminating the distress of double dipping. I like that.2. Their Chorizo Tacos Autenticos' rock and are $2 each.  Very simple: Chorizo, onion and cilantro with lime and avocado slices if you're into that sort of thing. They cook the Chorizo until it has a slight crunchiness. So freaking good.3. The staff is fantastic. Haven't had a dud yet. 4. You can order a chicken chimichanga ala carte for $4. It comes covered in queso, so if you're gonna get one don't pay extra for queso with your chips. There's plenty.5. They just got these new chairs that are boss.
<review# 1171,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/2/2012,1/11/2013,50,357,,3,4>For those of us living in this area, you know how grateful we are when quality businesses locate here. Dillip (I think I am spelling that correctly) used to own the much smaller (and much closer to me) Lakewood Wine and Spirits, and although I have to drive further to his new store, I am so happy for him and for Old Hickory that he opened this new one. His selection is wonderful, and better than you will find for miles around. I know he tries to stock anything local and will go out of his way to find favorites for his local and loyal customers. The decor is tasteful and the store is laid out in an modern, easy to shop format. He arranges his wines logically, and I appreciate that he invested in a good array of fridges to stock cold white wines (I especially appreciate this during the summer!). He also holds wine tastings, but by freak of scheduling, I have not managed to attend one yet, so I cannot review them - however, I'm working on it. I love that he is trying to bring this element to Old Hickory, where it is wanted and needed. Don't I keep saying we are a community under-served?
<review# 1172,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/3/2012,1/10/2013,170,180,3,4,3>Santa's is a great dive bar located near the fairgrounds. Cash only. Beer only. Super cheap. Karaoke 7 nights a week.Santa is the man --- really nice guy, and he looks like Santa. It's really smoky. Really, really smoky. But there is a great outdoor deck if the weather is cooperating. They now have a great band in residency playing classic country tunes every Sunday night from 7-9pm.
<review# 1173,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/13/2012,1/9/2013,26,100,,5,3>The simple truth:  Just. Plain. Good.This place is a breathe of fresh air for Hermitage!  (Honestly, there isn't a lot to choose from for Italian fare in ol' Andy Jackson's backyard...)I can't really defend why I've not been to this place until now - my wife suggested it based on her recent lunch experience with friends.  Well, we dropped in for dinner last night around 7:30pm.  The parking lot was packed (Good Sign #1!)Nevertheless, we were seated right away.  (i.e. plenty of seating capacity - Good Sign #2!)  The booth was roomy, not cramped.  and the noise level was considerably low, given the number of patrons there.  We could actually hold a conversation without distraction. (Good Sign #3!)It also did not escape my notice that the server was very friendly - not just courteous, but downright engaging.  I like that!  (Good Sign 4!)The menu is very easy to "navigate" as the choices are a bit limited.  This would be the only small drawback I saw  - the lack of variety on the menu.  To be completely selfish, I'd like to see more to choose from.  On the "plus" side, though, the fewer choices makes the decision a little easier!We quickly settled on:  * Three-Meat Flat Bread  - sausage, pepperoni and prosciutto with a marinara sauce, topped with mozzarella cheese.  (HUGE serving!)  * Meatballs & Meat Sauce - a "double whammy" of spaghetti topped with  homemade meat sauce and three Titleist-sized homemade meatballs!  (More than enough for even the hungriest fella!)(Good Sign #5!)Follow-up service was good, but not invasive.  And, the waiter boxed our leftovers himself in front of us (a nice courtesy vs. "do-it-yourself"!) (Good Sign #6!)Final verdict: - comfortable place - generous portions - VERY good food - reasonable prices - good service - casual, friendly atmosphereWell, all the "signs" are here!  Try this place. Go!  Really!I'll definitely be returning!
<review# 1174,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/2/2012,1/8/2013,82,48,3,4,3>Holy heart failure, Batman! Let's get our cardio on with some steps before we hike!!Let me just start with: I LOVE the steps at the bellmeade entrance to the park! You start off jogging some flat ground, take a couple steps, then come up to some normal steps; jogging these is easy, theres some flat ground and some more normal steps... then suddenly the steps are steeper with shorter flat ground breaks between and breathing gets harder, and then you feel like youre dying and thankfully theres a nice long relatively flat ground to jog before the majority of the steep steps to the top! As you take the last five steps to the top you really feel like Rocky Balboa, and let me tell you...it feels pretty awesome! These steps are PERFECT! Not uniform, not always steep and not always easy, they mix it up a lot and its absolutely perfect.Then there's that beautiful 2.5 mile loop. WOW! It is so amazing to me that such a place exists so near to residential homes and a big ol' city! There was lots to see, and it was so peaceful. Just the right amount of incline and decline, easy to walk, and sometimes easy sometimes hard to run. It's pretty perfect! Nothing to strenuous.The park is well kept; I saw no litter or people living in it, and also saw no creepers. Then again, do creepers really tend to creep on Sunday mornings? If so, it seems they choose to creep NOT at Percy Warner Park, thank God. Definitely check it out!
<review# 1175,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/16/2012,1/7/2013,20,73,4,9,6>Though I am not much of a drinker, I have purchased a few bottles of wine here over the years. I have always been impressed with their selection and customer service. When I got engaged, we knew we wanted a reception venue that would allow us to bring in our own alcohol. We shopped around a few liquor stores in town, including Frugal McDougal's, which I heard would give you the best deal in town. I discovered that Frugal would buy back unused bottles of wine (if you purchased by the case), but not unused bottles of liquor. Melrose Wine & Spirits gave me the best deal by far -- I was able to purchase everything at a 10% discount, they helped to make sure we had plenty of wine & liquor for the reception, and returning the unopened bottles was a breeze. No haggling. No issues whatsoever. They just scanned what we didn't open, refunded our money, and took it back. They even came out to the car and helped us carry it back in the store.I highly suggest you shop at Melrose Wine & Sprits if you are hosting a wedding or large party. Can't say enough good things about them!
<review# 1176,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/5/2012,1/6/2013,72,119,,3,3>amazing! Stain glass seems to really be making a comeback and this company is in thick of it. They can create almost any image and size you need, I've seen a few of the pieces that really blew me away and the price was pretty reasonable. (You do have to remember this is hand done works of art)Check out their website for a portfolio of work. I highly recommend this company for any of your stain glass needs.
<review# 1177,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/14/2014,8/22/2014,210,147,6,12,12>After receiving a referral to this tiny shop a few years ago, I've become a huge fan. It's truly a "Mom & Pop" place with the friendliest folks.They sell a variety of weaponry (new and used), ammo, as well as a small selection of accessories. They are also happy to order anything for you they don't presently have in stock.Their prices are quite reasonable. I have found they're usually around $30 cheaper than some of the bigger retailers. Even when they're not, the buying experience here MORE than makes up for it. (I'd rather give my hard-earned money to the locals anyway!) Heck, on the visits I leave empty-handed, they're still just as friendly as when I walked in!I've never felt pushed or rushed in any way, nor has any of the staff made assumptions that I don't know what I want or need because I'm a woman...and petite at that. (This happens far too often at other shops, and it's such a shame.)On the flip, inexperienced buyers will find a knowledgable and non-aggressive team to aid in making the right choice.So, yes...if you're in the market for such a purchase, be sure to stop in at GFA too. And don't forget to say hello to "Ranger"!
<review# 1178,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/21/2014,8/21/2014,4,34,2,5,3>I've lived in Nashville for about a year. Sky Blue was the first breakfast spot I went to in Nashville, from Portland, Oregon -- land of breakfasts/brunch. I've been seven or eight times, and I've been pleased every time. The restaurant is a little tight, but I get that they have a heavy brunch crowd that they're trying to squeeze in, and I've always had enough space to eat and be merry, so I can't complain too much. I have almost always had to wait here, but they're generally pretty good about estimating time so it's never been too horrible. (Might I suggest a coffee station outside on the weekends?) I've had scrambles and the stuffed french toast with bacon, eggs and cheese (which was INSANE to order SO MUCH FOOD but really, really good). On my last visit, I ordered the croque monseir, which was SO, SO GOOD. I immediately wanted to come back the next morning and order it again. The service has always been decent, attentive and polite. No complaints.
<review# 1179,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/27/2013,8/20/2014,14,2,4,6,4>I've been anxiously awaiting the opening of Pinewood for months, and it certainly doesn't disappoint. The whole concept is a great reflection of the kinds of places the owners open -- they always think outside the box/ahead of the curve, and they always pay attention to every detail of the guest experience: from the unobtrusive placement of TVs, to the cozy private event areas, the Third Man curated playlist, amazing coffee/cocktail program, to the art installation. All of it is designed to ensconce the guest in a welcoming but still 'cool' environment. I've been several times now, and it's so lovely to have different things to look forward to at any time of day. The breakfast is excellent -- especially the 'egg in a jar' -- well executed and delicate flavors. Feels just fancy enough to be special without being stuffy. Great call with the Crema coffee, I think they are the best in town and their offerings at Pinewood maintain their standard. The dinner is also great -- the fried broccoli is a revelation -- the texture and the sauce make me crave it like crazy! Other folks here have said the food/menu is weird, but I think anytime you are aspiring to a new concept of food and service there is a learning curve -- on both sides of the kitchen. There is crazy talent there and I think once they hit their stride it will be off the charts.I took a few friends there recently, and one was bellyaching the whole way there about how he didn't want to go somewhere 'snooty' where the drinks were overpriced and they made him feel like it was a privilege that they let him in. Throughout the evening, several managers came by to check on us and made us feel very well cared for. By the time we left he had a laundry list of things he loved about the place and said he couldn't wait to come back, especially for bowling. I applaud these guys for trying to create something different in a very crowded new dining scene -- I think it's awesome that there's a place that I can count on for any occasion, any time of day...there really isn't anything else like that in town. Can't WAIT for the pool to open, y'all will never find me anywhere else once that starts!!!
<review# 1180,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/9/2014,8/19/2014,44,103,,5,4>I love that Kay Bob's makes the effort to provide such great craft beer AND delicious healthy food. Beer: Follow them on FB or Twitter for posts of their beer of the day, $2.75 pints and $10 pitchers. As if that deal wasn't good enough, they offer $7 growler fills every Wednesday from 4-7pm...$7!!! That's the best beer deal in town!Food: The fries and sweet potato fries are to die for (various dipping sauces available) and such a generous serving that's great for sharing or as a light dinner to accompany your pint 'o beer. Or go for one of their various options for salads and platters. With so many great combinations, you can try something new each time and not get bored. Gluten Free options available such as the salads or if you like one of the flatbread fillings, they can put it over a bed of lettuce for you! Sauces are GF as well (just be sure to confirm with them to make sure).The patio is a must on beautiful warmer days! Great location within walking distance to all the greats in Hillsboro Village for coffee, ice cream, shopping and catching a flick at the Belcourt. Also to keep in mind: Brewery tastings have often been held here- keep an eye out for these events and also trivia is held on Sunday nights! Parking tip: They have a lot in the back.
<review# 1181,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/26/2014,8/18/2014,156,282,1,7,6>I am super thrilled to know of High Garden's existence. I've actually been aware of its existence for.. a year?? I just never thought to come over, as I'd been going to Teavana for my loose leaf tea.Um, no more!  I didn't realize High Garden also carried herbs and herbal "concoctions".  I am ABSOLUTELY coming here for my tea and herb needs from now on.  The milk oolong I took home has been great, and I'll be sure to refill my Golden Monkey black tea here rather than at House of 1000 Pressuring Salesmen, Teavana. I've liked going to Teavana for years. But I HAVE always wondered what makes the peach tea so.. peachy. Or the vanilla rooibus so.. vanilla-y. I think (am sure and have been reassured) 'something' is being put in the tea. Not to worry at High Garden. :) The quaint interior is pretty cool too.
<review# 1182,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/12/2014,8/17/2014,148,641,,6,3>They have cats. The end. Just kidding but no really they do have cats, do you need to know anything else? They seem to be running a sort of halfway house for kitties and they take donations. I don't know what this has to do with canoeing but who cares! They're doing a good thing. Anyway we decided to avoid the weekend crowds and go on a Wednesday. When we called them up on Tuesday night to reserve a canoe they said that we were the only people at that point to even make a reservation. We got there early to try to get out on the river before the heat of the day and I'm sure glad we did. Good lord we couldn't have picked a better day! Not too hot, lots of breeze and passing clouds. Although I did burn the tops of my knees, we didn't roast out there. They have different trip options with varying lengths at affordable prices and the nice thing is they have an army of 'dudes' to haul the canoe in and out of the river for you. They provide life jackets but no instruction on how to canoe, although we didn't ask. Honestly though, it is self explanatory and really you don't learn how to do it until you are actually in the boat experimenting anyway. I highly recommend bringing lunch, hat and water. I don't recommend swimming because the Harpeth runs up against lots of farm land, which means lots of run off, which means lots of pollution. It's very very pretty, if not a little trashed - we saw a bunch of tires and bud light beer cans. It's mostly quiet and in some places all you can hear is the breeze and water.For how close this is to Nashville, I can't help but recommend it. Go during the week or get there early before the drunkies show up. We were the only people on the river except for another couple with their own kayaks.
<review# 1183,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/17/2013,8/16/2014,2,4,1,2,3>I have been searching for a good Moscow Mule (vodka, lime, ginger beer) ever since I was introduced to the drink last year by a friend in Denver, where they are apparently all the rage.  Village Pub is the first place I've been to in Nashville that seems to have caught the spirit of the spirit.  They use pewter mugs rather than the traditional copper mugs, but the metal still gets frigid right down to the handle, which makes it feel close enough to a proper Mule for my liking. At $6, it is a well-priced cocktail, and they have several different variations if vodka is not for you.  For the mules alone, I will be sure to come back to Village Pub.Other things they have going for them: 1) a nice assortment of local beers. It's hip to be local these days, I know, but these folks seem REALLY committed to local.  For example, on tap they have Czann's Brewery, which is a one-man operation here in Nashville from a fellow who brews, bottles, and distributes all of his own product.  And 2) a really relaxed, welcoming atmosphere.  Both the indoor and the outdoor seating was cozy, and the staff was very warm.The only thing that drags Village Pub down, I think, is the food.  They specialize in pretzel sandwiches, the notion of which I found really exciting, but the sandwich interior was only so-so, with a disappointingly dryish pretzel.  It is certainly nice to have access to some nibbles while at the bar, in any case, so no real harm done.  Come for the Mule, stay for some local drafts, and try not to build up too many expectations for the food.
<review# 1184,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/15/2013,8/15/2014,30,31,3,4,3>My first time:  As I hung my head like Eeyore, I ordered a plain-jane iced soy latte - mostly to get the process over with, find my fix, and move on.  Let me explain.Several weeks ago, I returned from Seattle (and Top Pot Doughnuts), and I've had schizophrenic expectations ever since:  simultaneously hoping for another life-altering espresso & doughnut experience (I want to move to Seattle now if that plan works out), but also fully expecting Nashville to disappoint.  I have completely given up on doughnuts in Nashville.Roast, Inc., however, has given me renewed hope for the espresso scene.  The plain-ol' iced soy latte was excellent.  And fuck, even the blueberry muffin was unexpectedly great!  It had texture and was baked enough to be crisp on the outside while retaining its fluffiness inside.  Please stay open later!XOXOXON.B. I sat at the bar, and every time the barista performed a certain maneuver I got flicked with water.  NBD, but I guess the glass pane separating the kitchen from the bar needs to be higher or lower or the equipment slightly re-positioned/adjusted.
<review# 1185,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/28/2013,8/14/2014,4,19,4,5,4>Hattie B's is one of my go-to spots when I'm looking for a bite in Midtown (it helps that I can walk to it from my house). I've been impressed with the consistency and quality of the food and always recommend it to out of town visitors looking to eat like locals. For spice novices, there is the Southern chicken, which is not spicy at all, and for the more adventurous among us there is Shut the Cluck Up. I have a very high spice tolerance and for every day consumption, (if I want something that is easy to eat but still has a kick) I get the Hot, although I'm considering upgrading to Damn Hot. My boyfriend who has an above average spice tolerance does medium. If you are unsure about your spice tolerance, I highly recommend underestimating yourself. The sides are all good, nothing particularly notable, but enjoyable (my favorite part of the meal is just eating the white bread they put under the chicken to soak up the delicious juices). If you want something to cool your palate in between spicy bites, get cole slaw or the bean salad. The mac n cheese has pimentos in it so it's not recommended for that purpose. Super excited for the West Nashville location!
<review# 1186,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/19/2014,8/13/2014,0,8,1,4,4>Yum! I woke up this morning and thought, "that meal was so good I've gotta Yelp!" I hadn't been to Wild Iris for a few years. Not sure why, but we thought of it last night. We called a couple of friends at the last minute and they joined us. We waited at the bar, my date looking for a more interesting beer than was available, had a Fat Tire. That's really the only complaint I have for this review, is that the beer selection is a little drab.We had quite a variety of dishes at our table, scallops for my girlfriend, chicken for her husband, shrimp and grits for my boyfriend and I had what had to be the best choice, rainbow trout.  The trout was perfectly browned in a dusting of crusty cornmeal and presented on a bed of a beautiful bed of dark greens with vinegar for a nice bite.  It was an entree to finish, but I couldn't hold it all! Everyone at the table was happy with their choice. For wine, we went with the Justin cab, which paired well enough for everyone. Our server (who was excited to let us know that the scallops had only just arrived at 5:00 p.m.), was friendly and attentive, giving us time to decide and to linger after, even though we ordered no dessert or after dinner coffees, etc. We split the check two ways and stayed just under $100, which is always our Friday night goal.I suppose one could pick on such a place for having such fine food and such minimal furnishings.  Maybe someday they'll spring for a redecorating, but for now, go because you appreciate fresh fish, meats and vegetables, prepared with creative panache by a chef who can imaginatively combine ingredients without getting goofy over whatever is 'trending'. Buon appetito! Bravo!
<review# 1187,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/5/2011,4/24/2011,78,240,4,4,3>I've been meaning to review this place for a while, and am glad to finally get to add my resounding "Hell, Yes!" to the other positive reviews.This place is so good. My boyfriend and  I are big on Mexican and sticklers for quality and authenticity (unless you're talking about my occasional Las Maracas chimichanga fixes). The food here is excellent, and the portions are more than generous. Boyfriend approves of the mole, which is rare for him. I'm all about the shrimp dishes which come with a big plate of large shrimp simmering in one or another of their delicious sauces.  They serve these plates with tortillas so you can soak up every delicious drop. We come here as often as we can, usually preceding a trip to K&S next door. If you see me when you go (and you really should go) come say hi and we'll toast our horchatas.Oh, and I almost forgot my favorite part. There are two tvs always set to Mexican soap operas or music videos. Really great way to pass the time when you're waiting for your food. Drama, sparkles, and cervesas, good times.
<review# 1188,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/16/2011,4/23/2011,48,118,6,6,3>Bottomless Brunch BlissThe staff was charming and fun. Our bread steward was very funny and we talked quite a bit with our waiter about such diverse topics as Cuban cigars and pubs in Sarajevo.  The $27 four course brunch was great. You start with hot baked bread served with four types of home made butter. This indulgence is shortly followed with your four selections. You get your choice if Soup ( I chose artichoke oyster), salad (choice of dressing), main course ( I chose red snapper with crab meat ) and dessert ( I went with bread pudding). Everything we received was wonderful, fresh and well prepared. Oh did I mention that the price includes a "bottomless glass of champagne"? We thoroughly tested the "bottomless" claim and I can report that it's true! We made our slurred goodbyes and headed to our respective Sunday naps, full and happy.
<review# 1189,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,12/13/2010,4/22/2011,58,100,,2,5>My husband and I had a friend come in town last night and we had grand plans to take him to Martin's BBQ in Nolensville. But because of the horrible weather we decided to stick around Cool Spings because it was less than a mile from his hotel. There was hardly anyone in the restaurant and we were promptly seated. I ordered the Macadamia Nut Brownie. It's gluten free and fabulous!!! My husband and our friend shared an appetizer that wasn't gluten free so that's when I had the dessert. :)I had a chicken dish that was great. The chicken was a little tough, but overall the artichokes, spinach and goat cheese on top added great flavor. Bonefish is nothing special, but a decent choice in a sea of chain restaurants.
<review# 1190,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/26/2011,4/21/2011,42,90,3,5,4>Taking a suggestion from a new friend, my husband and I swung by here after work on Friday to start the weekend off right! I am so sad that it's taken us this long to discover El Tapatio! Everything we were told about this place was true. It's a bit of a hole in the wall, but I LOVE that and the food certainly did not disappoint.While I was a bit upset at myself for not remembering more of my Spanish, it was easy enough to communicate with our waitress by pointing things out on the menu. I ordered three chicken tacos and my husband ordered a chicken burrito. We were not offered any chips and salsa, but after reading Steph H.'s review, I can see why...we should have known to ask! (To be remedied in the future!) My tacos were OUT OF THIS WORLD! The cilantro, crispy smoky chicken pieces, onions, fresh lime and small corn tortillas were the perfect combination of yumminess! So fresh and light tasting...I could have had three more! At $1.25 a piece, that wouldn't be hard to afford either! My husband's burrito was delicious as well. I was surprised to see they used sliced avocado in it and you had to specify cheese. He couldn't finish it all as it's a good portion for only $5! We also shared a glass (as big as your head) of their horchata and it was delightful! Only $3 and we had to take it to go as well.The place smells amazing and the ambiance is very casual. There were about 10 TVs (exaggeration) playing the same soap opera and I wasn't quite sure of the necessity of that many TVs. Oh well. They weren't loud so that wasn't distracting.I've been looking for a place like this for quite some time! Happy to know it is so close! (This could be bad...)
<review# 1191,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/13/2011,4/20/2011,10,306,3,4,2>Still wonderful phoStill reasonably pricedAnd yet the restaurant was practically empty at a Thursday lunchtime despite the location on busy Harding Place. C'mon Nashville -- support a great purveyor of pho!PS - The paper towel dispenser has been fixed in the men's room. Awesome.
<review# 1192,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/21/2011,4/19/2011,108,86,4,7,5>My mom always told me not to judge a book by its cover. And in the case of Twin Kegs, I'm so, so glad I didn't.Nestled in between a Shoney's and another large building, it's very easy to blink and miss my beloved dive bar when you're heading east on Thompson and nearing the Nolensville intersection.PRO: Cheap beer (seriously, $1-2), DELICIOUS hamburgers, grade A people watching, best karaoke in town.CON: You'll have to do laundry and take a shower when you get home to get the smoke smell out.RANDOM TIPS: Cover your drink with a coaster; the regulars like to throw pieces of paper.Also, check their Facebook page. They post daily specials all the time!
<review# 1193,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/19/2010,4/18/2011,64,100,2,4,3>One of the best Korean restaurants in Nashville!Now, I know what some of you may be thinking, there aren't that many Korean restaurants in Nashville to begin with.  I was skeptical when I first moved here from Chicago two years ago.  So I wasn't expecting the same quality of Korean food from Chicago, but I was hoping for something similar to get my Korean food fix every now and then......and this place satisfies my Korean food fix every time!The dolsot bibimbap is my fave here and it tastes as great compared to the Chicago Korean restaurants., along with the bulgogi which is succulently tender and cooked to perfection with caramelized onions.The kimbap isn't bad for the price of 3.99 for a roll.  It's not the best tasting, but it does the job if you're craving for it.  The mandoo isn't bad either.  The kimchijjigae and the soondubu are pretty good too.  Overall if you're craving some Korean bbq or wanting some bibimbap with some Korean stews, this is the best Korean place to go for the taste and price!
<review# 1194,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/5/2010,4/17/2011,19,41,6,4,5>Hey Biscuit House!I woke up this morning thinking about you.  I was thinking about a delicious breakfast sandwich (bacon, egg, cheese, white bread - don't hate). Fortunately, a friend of mine was too so we came to visit.  Thanks for having us! Despite a packed house full of locals and hungover hipsters, you didn't keep us waiting long.  The home fries (I think these set me back 95 cents) and sandwich was exactly what I wanted. Unhealthy, fast, cheap, simple. You never fail me. I tried a bite of my friend's catfish (umm... yes, please) and my coffee never had the chance to get cold.  If you're looking for healthy, don't bother - but if you want a Waffle House but better type menu - please oblige.Also, thank you for having a burger called "The Frankenstein." I have never partaked but I'm sure you're wonderful as well.  Next time I come over I will try the meat and three per other reviews' recommendations.Last but not least, there's a drive thru. Take that Waffle House.Best, EA
<review# 1195,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/8/2011,4/15/2011,98,238,3,7,3>When it comes to buying liquor I am very picky about how I spend my money. I want what I need to get, be it for cooking or drinking, without sacrificeing quality or quantity. I expect the staff at the store to know their stuff and have a good selection of product. Finally, I expect reasonable prices for what I am getting.The Wine Chap is all this and more. Finally a liquor store in Nashville that is on par with Specs in Houston, Texas. They know their product and know it well. The selection is wide and varied, so I can find exactly what I need.The staff here really knows their stuff, even when their knowledge of a given item is limited. Moreover, they are always ready to help you find what you need and answer questions, no matter how many other customers are in the store. Also, while Tennessee still does have some regulations on liquor sales, the prices on the product are still reasonable and fair.From this point on, be it for Passover, parties or japanese cooking, this is the only liquor store I will go to as they truly are a cut above the rest.
<review# 1196,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/24/2011,4/14/2011,113,78,4,8,10>MAJOR props to this place.  I am giving them 5 stars for personal and general reasons...The bakery where my husband and I got our wedding cake/cupcakes in California couldn't ship our 1 year anniversary cake because of insurance issues...and I really wanted to surprise my husband with it...I found out on Friday, and our wedding anniversary was Sunday.  Yikes!So on Saturday (nothing like last minute, right?), I ran over to the Puffy Muffin.  I explained my predicament to the sweet cashier, and she grabbed the baker for me.  The amazing baker just happened to be in on a Saturday at 11:00 AM, which she usually isn't.  Fate?  Maybe.  I don't even care, I owe her.  She took a look at a photo of my wedding cake, and asked for details.   CAKE:  A layer of vanilla and a layer of chocolate...I would have been happy with either because it was SO last minute.  She went above and beyond like it was no trouble at all and did both.  FILLING:  Espresso cream with chocolate chips, which Puffy Muffin did not make, but she made from scratch...for us.  Again, above and beyond.FROSTING AND MISC:  Dark Chocolate Ganache and gold pearling....also from scratch.  I expected her to say that she could do this for me by Monday or something since they were closed Sunday (Anniversary day)...but she said, "come back at 3:00 PM"...she saw how shocked and thankful and speechless I was and added, "Today."  I came back, and it looked IDENTICAL, and tasted EVEN BETTER than our original cake!  THANK YOU SO MUCH!  I tipped her generously, and now that I've actually tasted the cake, I am going back to tip more.  It was awesome.  And yes...my husband was surprised, touched and loved it!
<review# 1197,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/20/2013,10/1/2013,69,394,3,3,3>We came for father's day brunch right at 10 am when they opened. We sat outside on the patio and basically had the place to ourselves for the first half hour. Parking was challenging as Cabana (across the street, shared lot) apparently turns into a church on Sunday mornings?!?! After some driving about aimlessly, we were able to find a spot. Our meal was great. As an East Nashville resident and freakish fan, I love all the new eateries in my neck of the woods, but there is definitely something to be said for a place that's been doing it right for years. My tot loved her enormous grilled cheese and homemade potato chips and had fun coloring in her menu. We had the hummus plate to start and it was my favorite course of the meal. The sun dried tomatoes taste fresh, the cheese is great, and the hummus, of course, is super tasty. My friends had the spicy golden beet salad - they loved it, but be forewarned, it is really spicy. Service was fantastic. Great bunch spot with a half pint.
<review# 1198,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/28/2013,9/30/2013,33,287,9,3,6>You may be wondering what will happen to you if you choose to hit up this bar. My in-laws came to visit last week, so will try to answer your questions below:Q: Will I leave smelling like a smoky hot mess? A: Yes.Q: Can I smoke?A: See previous question.Q: Is this bar beer only? A: No. Those of you in an exclusive relationship with liquor will not have to stray.Q: Can I order food?A: Yes. We had already eaten beforehand, so no one in my group got anything. I hear the food is decent, though. Q: Will I be able to hear myself talk?A: Yes, but talk loudly enough for yourself to hear.Q: Would this be a good place for an intimate night with my lady/man/whatever friend? A: Whatever floats your boat. Personally, this place is more fun with a group. and finally: Q: Will anything interesting happen? A: We got the privilege of seeing one of the female bartenders straight-up throw a guy twice her size out of the bar for throwing his food at her. I am now admiringly scared of this woman. I hope this was at least a little useful. We had a really good time the other night.
<review# 1199,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/22/2013,9/29/2013,194,461,3,5,5>Grassy Knoll Movie Night is one of my favorite things about Nashville! It's family friendly, dog-friendly and people friendly. The organizers always have great food, PizzaBuds is a regular, so is Jackalope and the movie selection is top-notch. Most recently they played Dazed and Confused. Bring a chair, or a blanket and get ready for a fun relaxing Sunday evening in 5 Points. The next one is May 19th and I highly suggest you check it out!
<review# 1200,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/9/2013,9/28/2013,116,191,,4,2>I struggle between four and five stars.  I absolutely loved my meal here; and the margaritas?  The margaritas are fantastic.  The service was also excellent.  We arrived toward the end of lunch time and felt no rush.I had the house margarita and it was delicious.  No neon mix here.  My friend and I shared the queso with taco meat.  Fairly standard.  For lunch I had the steak fajitas.  They came with your standard sizzling steak, peppers & onions; fresh tortillas; rice; black bean puree (so much better than refried beans); a healthy serving of guacamole; sour cream and pico.  I loved everything except the rice.  Kind of had a just-add-water-packaged rice thing going on.  I usually skip the rice, so no big deal.  The fajitas were very tasty and way more food than I could eat.  I'd recommend sharing.  I knocked off a point because the chicken enchiladas my friend ordered didn't particularly impress and it was very spendy for lunch.
<review# 1201,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/1/2013,9/27/2013,159,379,,7,5>I am giving this place 4 Stars for food and service. This place offers Greek style food that is fresh and fast. I had the mixed gyro sandwich with beef/lamb and chicken. The fresh chicken was marinated well and grilled to perfection...very juicy. I go to choose from the fresh bar the toppings: tabbouleh, onions, lettuce, cucumber sauce with feta cheese. The side options are rice, fries, or salad. I chose the fries (shame on me) and they were okay.The owner and his employee were very friendly, accommodating, and attentive. It's a place where you order at the counter and pick up at the counter with self-serve drinks. The price was right at about $7 for a full meal.I wish the ambience was more cozy and more comfortable. I don't have any suggestions for how to make simple Formica table tops and hard chairs and a big room more comfy. Who knows? Maybe it can and will be done.The map locator has this place in the wrong place. I offered Yelp an edit via the iPhone App. This place is next to Electronic Express at Nolensville and Brewer (much farther south than the initial map shows).
<review# 1202,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/12/2013,9/26/2013,11,48,2,14,7>I found Inside Out Play Park to be an AWESOME place to spend an afternoon, especially given its convenient location. After 3+ hours traveling to the Cool Springs area from Murfreesboro, then expecting my toddler to further remain seated and well-behaved in a stroller while I shop, this place is a great way to let a kid be a kid. My oldest isn't quite big enough to go off and play on his own (15 months), but I hope this place stays open long enough for mine to all be at a more independent age so I can enjoy the coffee bar and maybe even *gasp* read a little while they play!I love the fact that they offer drop-in child care; I only wish I lived closer so I could take advantage. Maybe one day if I am trying to get some "kid-free" shopping time at the mall, I will try it out.I find it really frustrating when a review is not accurate: sharing your opinion is what Yelp is great for, but sharing "facts" that are not true doesn't help anyone get a feel for an establishment and, in fact, can hurt their business. The reviewer stating that there is a "rule disallowing outside food" is either mistaken or lying. The Play Park's website says: "Yes, you may bring in outside food and drink, however, we do not allow fast food or soft drinks in our park." So, Felixthecat, your "high standards" for your children's food are just fine as long as you don't consider Burger King a gourmet meal for your precious little ones. I LOVE that they don't allow fast food or sodas: it's hard enough convincing an independent-minded toddler that carrots and milk or juice is better than french fries and Coke without someone 10 feet away busting out a Happy meal.I also don't think that a two-star review is warranted because they don't post that they serve nuts. If your child is deathly allergic to something, and you're terrified of him coming into contact with it, why wouldn't you be sure to ask before you went into the business? My kid isn't allergic, and could have very easily been one to have a smear of peanut butter on his shirt from lunch, then transferred to a toy, then onto your kid. That's not the business's fault; that's a hazard of having a child with an allergy. If it's so important, try asking if they serve nuts, and even politely suggesting that they post a sign for other parents so that everyone knows. Writing a 10-paragraph review on Yelp about your experience with a peanut doesn't really do any good for anyone. Try doing something that will actually help.I hope that my 5-star addition will up their rating; this place is kid-friendly and fun and it deserves a better rating than what it gets from people giving dumb reviews.
<review# 1203,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/30/2013,9/25/2013,814,132,7,9,9>After a long, harsh, cold winter that strips your face and dries it out...a moisturizing deep pore cleansing facial is not a luxury...it's a necessity! There are several aestheticians, however, I was lucky to get Bethany to do my facial. She's had over 15 years of experience and knows exactly what your face needs after illuminating it under light and a humungous magnifying glass!  The products used are one of my favorite, Rhonda Allison...all botanical, made in the good U S of A...Texas to be exact. :) After a 1-hour facial which included steam, scrub, extractions, peel, moisturizer, and massage...($85)...my face was glowing, felt renewed and ready for the spring! :)
<review# 1204,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/27/2013,9/20/2013,9,106,1,11,10>A $10,000+ plank of bubinga wood on the circular bar contrasts whimsically with the cheap Mardi Gras bead chandeliers. I mean its like a French Quarter gastropub without the smoke. Bubbly Tenn Sixteen Food & Drink Co. is now the best pub in 5 Points considering its wine list, 17 craft beers on tap and fine food. The cajun influence continues in the southern sourced gourmet foood. Nashvilles' finest beignets with mascarpone cream and Whisper Creek chocolate will literally melt in your mouth! The Tenn Sixteen classic muffaletta sandwich consists of tapenade, prosciutto, mortadella and the usual other ingredients. I mean It. Is. Classic!  Other N'Orleans favorites feature jumbo prawns, and crawfish cakes or gumbo. The Crawfish Gumbo is made with Jackalope Red Ale, but won't make you tipsy; glad but not tipsy. Tennessee brews are available at the reddish-brown wood bar or with table service. Nashville area craft beers on tap also include Yazoo, Turtle Anarchy and Mayday.
<review# 1205,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/31/2013,9/19/2013,37,76,4,7,5>The Belle Meade plantation is definitely a must see while in Nashville- there is a lot of history that crossed through these grounds. While no presidents lived here, if you have even a passing knowledge of horses and horse racing lore, you will at least be able to recognize some of the famous names mentioned frequently in the stories told here. We had a blazing hot day to enjoy with my in-laws, so we headed here in the morning to try and get in some kind of touristy activity. Our guide on the house tour was Rob Cross- Civil War expert, and senior military historian for the Belle Meade Plantation- and he truly made the experience memorable. He knew so much about the Civil War and was able to really bring the stories to life for us- more so than any previous historic home tour experience I've had, I can tell you! Even on a hot day- this was an enjoyable way to spend time- the house is air conditioned, the grounds are shaded with gorgeous old trees, and the gardens and outer buildings were also worth visiting. There was a summer camp going on, helping kids to understand the civil war and local history too- so the mansion and grounds are really kept alive and a part of the community. The house and grounds are just lovely- and while plantation-era antebellum nostalgia is NOT my cup of tea, I think the plantation does a good job of celebrating the past accomplishments, being truthful about the failures (and there were many here), and especially in honoring the African Americans who made the place successful. The gift shop is wonderful- full southern and horse related decor and knick knacks, southern food delicacies, books, etc. We were able to find several gifts there.I thought the highly encouraged wine tasting at the end of the tour was a bit unnecessary, until I stepped in to the wine tasting room. Greeted by the friendly and cute staff, we quickly started to enjoy everything we tasted and even ended up buying a few bottles. Yes, it's overly sweet, but it's tennessee wine, and that's how it is here-  so sip it up and hush up about it! There are some great wine accessories and gifts here too, so pull out that pocketbook!
<review# 1206,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/4/2013,9/18/2013,15,69,,6,4>This place is really something. The menu is the standard gyro joint stuff but the real difference is the freshness here. I have eaten here many many times and food is always hot and fresh. The lady who runs this place is also a baker so you could try some really good deserts here as well. This seems to be the takeaway lunch joint in this area and why shouldn't it be.
<review# 1207,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/23/2013,8/2/2014,111,160,1,4,2>I like to give a restaurant a few visits to be accurate in calculating the number of stars I give. Mad Donna's is my proof that this method pays off. I'll walk you through my experiences..First time I came for brunch with friends, because 2 for 1 mimosas are hard to turn down. I was left wishing there were better meat-free breakfast food options, but the drinks were great and my friends loved their sausage biscuits. Second time was a similar experience, but I didn't mind since I knew what to expect (awesome meat options and perfect mimosas).I went a third time last night, after looking high and low for a vegan veggie burger at 10pm on a Sunday. Mad Donna's came through for me! I got a black bean burger made in-house and a plate lined with crispy sweet potato fries. My companion loved his (real) burger and we took advantage of some 2 for 1 margaritas. I really like that they make so much of their food here, as opposed to buying it frozen. This is even true of their drinks- which are made with their own fruit purée. Five stars, easy.
<review# 1208,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/26/2013,8/1/2014,1,14,1,4,3>I made reservations for Rumours East using Open Table and was well on my way to being on time. An hour and 10 minutes late for my reservation, I arrived after being stuck in Titans traffic. I had called to let the restaurant know to let my reservation go, and they said instead they'd see me when I got there, that they'd heard from others stuck in traffic and to be careful.Indeed, when I arrived, they made no fuss out of my arrival at 7:40 p.m. for a 6:30 p.m. reservation and seated me and my friend in the beautiful outdoor patio. From our seats, we looked up through the vine-covered pergola at the darkening sky and over at the garden, where the zucchini flourished.My friend began to get eaten up by mosquitoes, and the server offered her bug spray (what restaurant is prepared for this?!), but we decided to move inside. Not a problem to them, and they had us select our table.I was already impressed by their ease and accommodation, but the food and drinks won me over: a bubbly champagne cocktail, crispy fried baby octopus with pickled jalapeno, tender meat that fell off the bone to bathe with new potatoes and a mild almond and semolina cake with mascarpone cheese and homemade peach preserves. My friend and I both remarked on how the portion sizes were perfect -- This allowed us to both indulge in dessert, which is unusual in a city that stuffs diners with massive entrees.We both ordered from the Restaurant Week 2013 menu, and my friend opted for the wine pairings. I found it odd the timing of her wine, which sometimes came before or after the matching course, and for awhile, she had two full glasses of wine at her plate.The server wasn't too attentive, which is exactly what we wanted -- we ate slowly and were there for about two hours -- but her face lit up when we did engage her.I'm so pleased with the food and atmosphere that I know I'll be back. There's a happy hour daily 5-7 p.m., for which I usually clamor, but even the Titans couldn't get me down for missing it.
<review# 1209,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/20/2013,7/31/2014,12,129,1,4,1>WOW.  Where do begin. This place is in an older building and it just has the older hip classy kind of vibe about it.  The crowd in general is older as well.  My wife and I went here for dinner around 6:00pm and it wasn't crowded at all.  I was wondering if that was a sign to come.  Our waitress Kelly was very good.  We didn't get an entree but we ended up getting a whole bunch of appetizers and sides.  We had: Fried Green Tomatos...(I hate tomatoes and these were absolutely fantastic. I can't say enough), Oysters, French Onion soup, Pizza, Green Chili Mac and Cheese. They also give you bread as part of the meal and it's awesome.  The whole place just had a very relaxed and cool vide.  It had a nice bar area.  The manager came by to ask us how everything was which is always a nice touch. After a nice conversation with the manager he offered us a free desert.(Bonus). We got the fried apple donut and it was great. To be honest I don't think I've ever been so surprised at a restaurant. This place far exceeded my expectations.  My wife and I will become regulars here for sure.  We had just water with our meals but I noticed they had a nice wine selection.  Our meal price was $40.00 Plus Tip.  This seems like it would be a nice place for a date.  Listen up fellas. Take your lady friend here and she will be impressed and you will save a few $$$ in the process.
<review# 1210,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/20/2013,7/30/2014,39,19,3,5,3>Tavern is great for brunch, lunch or dinner. The atmosphere is casual, yet classy, with dim lighting as well as some natural light above the bar and in the front room of the restaurant. There are TVs for watching sports as well. In the Midtown area of downtown, this M Street restaurant has a nice bar and cozy half-moon booths. There is also a street-side patio (with very uncomfortable, wrought iron circle tables that do not fit well with the permanent wood bench) and valet parking.For brunch, the white trash hash is a must with any dish. The cheddar cheese biscuits with chorizo gravy and turkey BLT were great savory dishes, but I have heard amazing things about the red velvet waffles.For lunch and dinner, don't go with the grilled cheese. The menu has so much more to offer, and it's not the greatest grilled cheese I've ever had. The guacamole was a small serving, but fresh and with great flavor. The sweet potato chips with blue cheese fondue is to die for! I'm not a huge blue cheese fan, but this is the best cheese dip/fondue I've ever had! The chips are served fresh and warm. The mussels are also amazing, with bacon adding a unique taste. As for drinks, the strawberry balsamic martini is my favorite drink (on their menu and in the world).  Its sweet, with a small kick from the balsamic. Their whiskey drinks are strong and the berry julep is a good choice.Overall, this is a great restaurant for any occasion from a business lunch to a hungover Sunday brunch. Be aware, they do NOT take reservations, which can be very frustrating, but the wait is worth it.
<review# 1211,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/14/2013,7/29/2014,210,30,4,7,3>Simple, elegant, relaxed, refined. If you're vegan, don't be daunted by the menu: the kitchen knows how to accommodate you. The farro gemelli with hen of the woods mushrooms, or whatever's in season, and cavolo nero, or some other green, minus the cheese, is the long-standing option for vegan dinner. And it's delicious, so don't hesitate. You can also order the sourdough bread appetizer and either ask them to hold the seaweed butter or leave that for your dining companions and simply ask for an additional bowl of olive oil.Their mixed drinks are superb, so if you're in that mood, be bold and try something, and chances are you'll love it. They also have a solid wine list and a well-curated beer selection. I met my now-favorite beer there: Old Chub.I hear the desserts are fantastic, but I have no good news for vegans on that front, so if your diet allows it, indulge and enjoy, but if not, I hope you, like me, are a vicarious foodie and can enjoy the sight and sounds of your dining companions swooning over their desserts while you sip a coffee or, more probably, another glass of beer.In any case, go, go, go. This is a fantastic place.
<review# 1212,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/5/2014,7/28/2014,19,18,2,3,2>I have been here many times for drinks and small plates, and every time it was perfect. But Thursday night was the first time I had dinner. OHMYGOSH. I ordered the KLD farm burger because I'd been dying for a burger for weeks. Best decision I've made in a long time. But before I get to that, I'll start with starters. I ordered a cheese plate for the table, which was wonderful and exactly what I expected. I also didn't want to drink that night since I was driving, so I asked them to make me a mocktail of their choosing. Don't know what was in it but it was excellent! And at only $5, it was a steal. And now...back to that burger. It came with their amazing fries (score!). The meat was the highest quality, most perfectly cooked meat I've ever had in a burger. I mean, PERFECT. It had slightly melty Gorgonzola, caramelized onions, a fried yellow tomato, arugula, a fried egg, and deliciously salty, smoky ham. I added some whole grain mustard, because burgers need mustard. The bun was perfectly chewy and didn't break or tear even with all the messy ingredients. Best burger I've EVER HAD. Ever. And I've eaten more burgers than I can't count in more wonderful restaurants. It was a wonderful evening with great food and drink, and one of the prettiest and most relaxed environments in the city. If I lived closer, I would be here at least once a week. Keep it up, Holland House! You're perfect just the way you are.
<review# 1213,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/4/2013,7/27/2014,32,114,2,4,2>We came to Germantown Cafe with a small group of friends for dinner on a Saturday night.  I loved the menu at first glance; simple food, prepared in a unique yet classic way, allowing the flavors of the ingredients to shine through.  I ordered the salmon, which was beautifully cooked and topped with a light curry cream sauce.  It was served with risotto, sauteed spinach and roasted asparagus, and holy cow was the dish delicious!  My fiance ordered the crab cakes and fries, which were both incredible and full of flavor.  I was pleasantly surprised to see that all entrees came with a gorgeously fresh side or Caesar salad, prepared with ingredients that were purchased that day from the nearby Nashville Farmer's Market.  Yum.While the food was delicious, it was the waitstaff that really helped Germantown Cafe to shine.  Our waitress was fun and knowledgable of the menu, helping us to make good decisions based on our particular food preferences.  I especially appreciated her honesty when helping me decide between the salmon and the trout--though the trout was more expensive, she told me that the salmon would blow my mind, and she was right.  She also opened a second check for us to order coffee and dessert when a terrible thunderstorm kept us at the restaurant instead of meeting some other friends at a local dessert spot.We are falling more and more in love with the Germantown area the more we discover its great restaurants.  It's a good problem to have when it's hard to make a decision on which restaurant to go to because they're all so good!  I'm glad to have Germantown Cafe to add to my list of great local restaurants.
<review# 1214,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/6/2013,7/26/2014,3,21,1,4,3>Absolutely excellent restaurant that deserves its reputation of one of Nashville's best restaurants. We went for my birthday a few months back and have an amazing dinner experience. The atmosphere & view were great and our food was delicious from start to finish. I wish I would have written this review right after we went to remember the details of what we ordered, but I do remember each dish being well-crafted. I'm not one to take pictures of my food, but I did even save & upload a picture of my ravioli as the presentation was so beautiful.I know Gulch restaurants have a bit of a reputation of being a bit uppity (and I've experienced it myself at certain places), but we must have gone on a good night because our service was excellent. We were also celebrating just finding out I was pregnant with a boy and the staff was extra sweet to us and made our evening extra special. There were even a couple families with kids which didn't seem to bother anyone.This is always on my list of recommendations for friends looking for a local fine dining restaurant for a special occasion.
<review# 1215,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/10/2014,7/25/2014,110,90,6,7,6>Totally love this place. While growing up in Dallas we would always go to a local produce joint that a family friend owned. The tomatoes were always fresh, local, and packed with flavor. A scattering of local and/or organic food items plus plants for your own garden. Now I have found my Nashville version of Gene's Fruit Stand. Produce Place is small but you can tell that all items are chosen very selectively. Local fruits and veggies are great but my favorite items are the fair trade coffee and granola wall. The local cheeses and organic snacks are pretty awesome too! Disadvantages... I hate to include these, parking is a bear plus prices are more than Publix (but worth it). Biggest frustration is when I realize about 6:45 while making dinner that I forgot a veggie and then remembering they closed at 6:30. Either way, get your veggies here. SOOOO Good!
<review# 1216,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/7/2014,7/24/2014,25,7,3,6,2>My fiance and I are already planning our next trip back to The Farm House!We had a Saturday night reservation during one of the busiest weekends downtown Nashville (NCAA Women's Final Four whhaaattt?!?!)  We arrived 10 minutes early and were promptly seated, and shortly after that greeted by our server.  It was our first time there, so we asked for recommendations for everything from the drinks to the entrees.  Our server was very knowledgeable and confident and was extremely helpful.  I had some sort of muddled blueberry vodka deliciousness, while my fiance stuck with old faithful, Jack on the rocks *yawn.*  They have a pretty impressive cocktail selection, and everything on their entire menu is sourced locally (farm-to-table from beginning to end.  LOVE that!)The deviled egg appetizer lives up to the hype.  Don't forget to sprinkle some of the smoked sea salt on the eggs to amp up the flavor even more.  My fiance ordered the duck and said it's the best he ever had.  His portion was modest, but they offer a la cart sides that all look very delicious!  We ordered the mac n' cheese and cornbread.  I ordered the short ribs, which was like a delicious pot roast!  My portion, however, was very healthy and I didn't need any of the other sides.  That's not to say I didn't go to town on the cornbread with honey butter.  Mother may I!  We didn't get any dessert because I kind of treated the cornbread with honey butter as my dessert.  It came out a little bit after our entree, and the waiter immediately offered to take it off our bill.  I personally wasn't bothered by the timing of our cornbread, but I appreciated the gesture.As for the vibe, it's trendy-comfortable (Is that a thing?  It means you can wear nice jeans and a top while sipping a fancy, moderately expensive beverage and you fit right in).  Although this place is so inviting I honestly feel like they would treat you just the same if you walked in wearing flannel pajamas.  Try it sometime and let me know how it goes.
<review# 1217,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/11/2011,11/14/2011,1,110,,3,3>According to my French brother in law, the top-tier restaurants in the world serve French food (whether they advertise it or not). I love the food at Margot Cafe. It comes very close to the French food that my brother in law cooks on Sunday afternoons, a weekly event that my family affectionately calls "French Sundays".I personally prepare my tapenade slightly differently, but the differences are minor and won't detract from the overall quality of the restaurant. I'm not a fan of some of the appetizers found here--they take some liberty from the classic French recipes that should be somewhat standard.But none of that can take away a star from my review simply because the sauces remain true to French cooking. And it's always the sauces that are most difficult to master in French cooking. My lamb chops were wonderful with the perfect sauce to accompany them.This place will cost you a pretty penny, but if you're picky about French cooking, it's well worth it.
<review# 1218,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/27/2011,11/13/2011,148,641,7,11,9>I am a fan.On my birthday I didn't want to go anywhere fancy, I wanted to go some place country ass. I wanted real soul food. B & C is family owned and has definitely been there since all those trendy joints opened up on mcgavok and riverside. The parking is a shambles, you're likely to get blocked in as people are coming and going, B & C is mostly a to-go joint. I think the reason Bailey and Cato has a bad rap on yelp is that they don't cater to the folks on yelp looking for that trendy mom & pop joint secret spot. They've been around so long they don't need to please trendoids looking for a speed record and the best fried chicken in the country. They make what they want, how they want, and it pleases their long time foundation of customers without needing more. For anyone looking for something cute and sparkling this is not the place to go. B & C is as rundown and greasy as you're going to get. They need to seriously scrub the windows and walls, and the place feels like it might fall over at any second. As a family restaurant they've got the way they like doing things down. I'd come with cash as they don't take $10 or less on cards, and I'd be prepared to wait in line as they aren't some corporate speed machine giant behind the counter. They won't take orders if you're on a cell phone and you're probably not going to get a smile out of anyone. You want their food you have to wait and fit into the way they do it.We did. I ordered the pulled pork, green beans and mac & cheese. My boy ordered the catfish with yams and greens. They fry the cat fish in big batches on a rotating schedule every 15 minutes or so, so he had to wait for his, but it soon came and we dug in. Now I have to say everything was very good and felt like family made recipes. As in don't expect some ridiculous remix on soul food here. Like I said, there are original recipes gran makes but it's not your gran making them. The yams were stellar, I have no idea what they put in them but I don't think I've tried yams like that before. My pork was perfectly tender and juicy, and I think the sauce they gave me had a hint of either soy or teriyaki don't quote me on that. The catfish was crunchy and moist inside and great with hotsauce. The hush puppies were excellent, sort of like less sweet donuts. Now I'm giving Bailey and Cato only 4 stars because yes I have had soul food that I like more, based on preference...no one has Bludso's in Compton beat yet. But I appreciate B & C, although they could stand to smile at least. I hope they last a long time, and I hope they continue to do it their way.
<review# 1219,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/22/2011,11/11/2011,40,166,10,10,6>Important tip: Kayne is pronounced CANE. It is not Kanye West's steak house. No one will interrupt your dinner to tell you how awesome Beyonce is or to make racist remarks. I was there for a business dinner and was very pleasantly surprised! From the bar before dinner, to the meal, to the service, to the atmosphere - it was an all around good experience. Even the restrooms were impressive. We tried just about every appetizer on the menu and everything was good! The Housemade Bacon is a giant slab of fatty goodness that will clog your arteries instantly, but at least you'll go with a smile on your face. The Heirloom Tomato Salad was amazing, as were the entrees (there was a lot of plate passing and sampling going on at our table!) Lesson learned: order one of the Waygu steaks. While my Petite Filet was very good, it paled in comparison to the Waygu I tried. The sides are family style (not huge, but enough to share). I was a little iffy on the Bubbles & Squeak (hashbrown potatoes topped with carrots and gravy - a modern twist on a traditional English dish), but everything else was pretty impressive. All aspects of the service were good. Valet parking costs only tips (if you try to park across the street in the railroad lot, rumor has it you WILL be at least ticketed if not towed). Our party of 9 was seated in a semi-private room - we were seated a little after our reservation, but only because we were still hanging out in the bar when our table was ready. There were two staff members tending to our table, and though we had to flag them down a couple of times to bring out the next bottle of wine, overall they were attentive and very knowledgeable about the menu. They didn't even cringe when someone referred to the above described Bubbles & Squeak as "a classy version of scattered, smothered and covered." I can't speak too much to cost since I wasn't footing the bill, but judging by the menu it seemed pretty in line with that caliber of steak house, maybe even a little pricier. I'll definitely be back when I'm in the market for a fancy night out. Last tip: it's right behind Virago if you want an after-dinner drink on the roof deck after you meal!
<review# 1220,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/24/2011,11/10/2011,53,213,4,4,4>I have never told this to anyone, but I am a Titanic survivor. Yes, the ship and the movie. Both.When I was in that icy ink of the midnight Atlantic, watching the unsinkable happen, I was thinking of two things. One, the scumbag travel agent and how I was going get Vinnie, my cousin in New York to get him to sleep with the fishes. Two, beignets. God, I could kill a travel agent for a good beignet at that very moment in my sorry existence. While everyone started swimming towards Europe or the Americas, on a hunch, I headed towards Africa. It was mainly a hunch and also there was a school of Tiger sharks nibbling at my toes.After swimming for hours in the icy darkness, my feet hit shore and I crawled myself onto a tiny island with a single coconut tree, a refrigerator and a grand piano. I opened the fridge and found a bottle of wine, a tomato and a dictionary. At that point, I relaxed and let myself go, for I had found absolute peace amidst the raging waters and the hungry sharks.That is precisely how one feels atop the rooftop terrace bar of Wild Bill's. As the tourists in cowboy hats and new ungainly boots parade up and down Broadway, as traffic hiccups and lurches, as obnoxiously loud "music" vomits from the strip, Wild Bill's decidedly feels like an oasis in the ocean of din and sleaze. For a southern bar, there is an impressive choice of imported Belgian ales. Heck, they have more imports than domestics, which is how I like a bar to be. However, the beignets are best fed to the tourists or sold to crack addicts at an exorbitant price. I have had the original in Paris and WB's beignets taste as if a pound of sugar exploded in oven, taking some eggs and flour hostage. Their unique wine bar downstairs is an exotic place to visit at least once. I must say it is a Wine Buffet more than a bar, what with serve yourself concept. IMO, the prices were slightly high for the quantity doled by the dispenser, but it sill has a cozy flair to it, with its leather couches and a moderate selection of wines. I hope you are able to read this review, for I used up the only tomato to write it and have snuck the letter in a bottle. Also, could someone telegraph a message to Vinnie, telling him where I am.  There still are telegraph offices, right?
<review# 1221,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/25/2010,11/9/2011,888,249,3,5,2>Crossing over to the Big & Tall World last year, I've learned some tough lessons.  (1) Big & Tall clothes are expensive!  (2) Big & Tall clothes lack style.  At the end of the day, you end up paying $70 for a long sleeve white shirt that's nothing to write home about.  The styles choices you are typically given are not for the fashion-forward.I'm usually forced to wait until I head to Chicago to shop at Rochester's and hold my breath as they hit the "total" button.  Officially, those days are over.  This is B&T consignment!  I walked out with a freshly dry-cleaned Joseph A Banks shirt, a tweed sports coat and a black Polo Ralph Lauren rugby for less than $75.  The stock changes constantly and the prices drop in certain increments based on rack time.  Everything is organized well and it doesn't smell like granny's basement either.  The only reason it doesn't get a 5-star rating is that the person running the place had stepped out to "go to Kmart" according to the person she asked to watch the shop; so, I was left with no help and had to wait to check out.The have a 7-day return policy, too, which is very cool for consignment!
<review# 1222,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/22/2011,11/8/2011,35,95,6,4,5>Let's not be snobs.  If a place is clean, the service is good, and the food is tasty, then that restaurant should at least get a 3 star review.  Having read some of the other reviews on this place, they sound a bit over-critical.  I mean they are just selling hot dogs... what are you really expecting?  The place is new and very clean; the service very friendly and helpful; and the hot dogs and onion rings are way better than most.Here's the other factor to consider: you're not gonna be able to make these hot dogs at home.  I guess you could, but why put in all that effort when the prices are so reasonable?I still hold the opinion that Hot Diggity Dog has the best Chicago dog in town.  However, Cori's has 37 other type of dogs to try.It's a fun environment.  You can dare your friends to get the deep-fried twinke, or just enjoy a wood chuck beer.It's great place to go with friends b/c it's big, so it's not gonna be over crowded.  And if you wanna be a hero, you can treat out 4ppl for under $20.... we could all use a hero
<review# 1223,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/7/2010,11/7/2011,122,201,2,6,4>For the price, this is a great deal. Using as many locally produced products available; Silly Goose creates delicious creations. Although the interior only has 4 four tops and about four bar style seating, this is really a nice casual experience.My favorite sandwich is the Frisby. The focaccia holds the ingredients (not overloaded) just perfect. They offer you sides of salad, couscous or a blend of both.For about $40, you can have a nice glass of wine and an entree for two people.
<review# 1224,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/3/2011,11/6/2011,217,312,11,11,6>I am one that is very particular about having a clean car.  This review is for the auto wash that is at Nippers Corner, across from Starbucks with the rotating yellow Citicar in front:  en.wikipedia.org/wiki/CiBeing that I spend a LOT of time in a car for work, it pretty much is my second office.  The thing I like about this place is that unlike some of the automatic car wash places, they have station before you go into the wash that lets you scrub off your wheels and get rid of any gunked-on bugs/bird crap/that latte that some threw at you.  The 'el deluxo' wash is just $10, and it is a very thorough touchless wash with minimal moving parts (so your car won't be destroyed).  At the end, there is a set of stations with vacuum/car fragrance stuff.  The vacuum is only a $1, really sucks (in a good way) , and actually lasts long enough to thoroughly clean out the interior of a full-size auto and the trunk as well.  One nice note is that the wash AND the vac both accept cards if you don't have any cash.I would recommend bringing your own cleaning/shine wipes or tire stuff as they don't really have any - voila!  You just detailed your car yourself for under $15 and you can almost remember the days when you weren't cleaning Cheerios and die-case McQueen cars out of every crevice of your life.
<review# 1225,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/18/2011,11/5/2011,170,180,3,7,4>I ate at Sloco the day they opened. It was excellent then and I'm sure things will do nothing but improve. The prices are right, the food is delicious and its all local. If you check out their website (slocolocal.com), you can read about their mission of both delivering local, sustainably grown food in sandwich form and educating the community about the importance of knowing where their food comes from. There's even a mileage counter which totals the distance all of the ingredients traveled to make each respective sandwich - overkill, perhaps, but the point comes across loud and clear: Chef Jeremy Barlow and the Sloco team think it's important for you to know where your food comes from. The menu contains 12 sandwiches (including two kid-sized options and 3 vegan/veggie options). I tried both the pastrami and reuben. The pastrami was particularly outstanding - sharp cheddar, tomato spread, garlic vinaigrette, olive oil, pickled relish (including carrots, mmm), and micro herbs on a homemade sub roll. The reuben was also delicious, although traditionalists might give some pause given its lack of Russian dressing - corned pork shoulder, caraway slaw, swiss-style cheese, Dijon mustard, sub roll. Average sandwich price is $7.50. For sides, they offer 3 simple items - Avocado oil potato chips (try the Chilean lime - understated but fresh-tasting & fantastic), house-made pickles and homemade cookies.Service was excellent and I really got the sense that this business, even on day 1, already has its act together and will succeed where the other two occupants with similar concepts failed. Kudos.Note: they take online orders
<review# 1226,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/19/2011,11/4/2011,35,79,3,7,2>Death Row was pretty darn good. Definitely not the scariest place I've been, but not bad at all. The people working the outside were hilarious. The inside is basically one big maze so it takes a while to get through, but also means it's pretty predictable after a while. The actors were fantastic and the scenes were really put together well. We'll be back next year!Keep in mind: plenty of free parking, cash only for admission, and I don't think this is really in a prison or sanitarium anymore. Looked like a warehouse to me.
<review# 1227,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/2/2014,10/11/2014,34,1,4,5,5>Two Ten Jack is worth every word of hype you've heard. If you know the area you know parking can be a challenge, so plan accordingly. On our first visit, we were told the wait would be upward of 1.5 hours, but received notification that it was our turn to be seated in about 35 minutes-- not bad at all. The second time we visited we got there at 4:45pm and had a drink at the bar while we waited to be seated. We got a chance to chat with Jess (the chef) and take in the ambiance and, while I don't mind a 2-hour wait for food this good, I'd recommend getting there (and on the list) early if it's your first time.Before I talk about the food, the service needs credit. We had Drew and Cassandra for our servers and a good server will make or break your experience here. The menu is a little intimidating if you're not familiar with the course-focused ordering process, but Drew (1st visit) explained everything in a super-cordial, thorough way without being condescending at all. Both servers had recommendations for favorite dishes when we asked for them, and both could talk us through what about each dish made it unique and delicious. Nicole (the GM) and Jess (the chef) both went out of their way to make us feel welcome, solicit our honest feedback and really make sure our meal was beyond expectations. (It was, both times.) The food! Oh, the food. There aren't words to articulate the depth of flavor accomplished in the ramen broths, especially the vegetarian option (yasai miso) which is my meat-and-potatoes-loving husband's favorite thing on the menu. The salmon nanbanzuke also blew us a way-- a total underdog dish of salmon that's been pickled then fried (trust me, it's amazing). Between the two trips we've tried the following dishes and all were SUPERB. I don't think you could build a bad meal for yourself here, even if you tried. The flavors are at the same time deep and bright and salty and sour and sweet in almost everything-- Jess strikes the perfect balance in every bite. In total, we've tried (and recommend each of) the following:   Small PlatesCrispy Brussels with miso vinaigrette JFC (Japanese Fried Chicken) with negi dip  Takoyaki (hush puppies with octopus) MakiVolcano roll (our favorite)Nashville rollGojira roll (a close second favorite)RamenTonkotsu (pork ramen)Yasai Miso (vegetable ramen)The ambiance is great, too. You walk in and you immediately feel like it's a place where you can have a lot of fun. We're already looking forward to our next meal there. I don't consider myself an adventurous eater at all (I tend to find favorite restaurants and dishes and eat them over and over until I hit my saturation point) but I can't wait to eat my way through the rest of the Two Ten Jack menu.
<review# 1228,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/12/2014,10/10/2014,19,18,17,18,16>This was my second visit about a year after my first. My only regret is not coming back sooner. Made a reservation so being seated was seamless and I didn't have to wait. We sat in the bar area where the street-level windows were open, which was lovely aside from the shirtless drunk tourist wandering around next to us. I used the Yelp check-in coupon to get free fried pickles...they were amazing. I'd gladly pay for them. We also ordered the bacon queso and chips, which was alright, but nothing to write home about.Both of my friends ordered burgers and LOVED them. I ordered the hot chicken...GOODNESS GRACIOUS. It was FAR superior to anything from the other hot chicken joints around Nashville that I've patronized. I ordered the mid-level spice ("Hot") and it was just right. Hot enough that I consumed a lot of water, but not so hot that I couldn't eat and enjoy it. It was a huge boneless breast with a honey drizzle, and was served atop a bit of slaw and a delicious, perfectly textured corn cake. I could only finish half, so I took the rest home and put it in the fridge. When I took it out to have for lunch today, it was still perfectly crunchy, which I consider to be some sort of fried chicken magic. They do something magical to their chicken...I think maybe they brine it in pickle juice, along with some sort of ritual. The breading is perfect and held the hot sauce/honey mixture perfectly without getting soggy. At $11.99 for the chicken, slaw, corn cake, and amazing bourbon mashed sweet potatoes, it is a great value for the money. As an aside, our server was very nice, kept our drinks full, and everything was well-timed. I love this joint and cannot wait to try their rave-inducing brunch. Thanks for being awesome, Row folks.
<review# 1229,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/30/2014,10/9/2014,15,21,1,2,2>We visited on a Saturday night.  The restaurant was busy, and remained full for the duration of our stay.  The staff seemed stretched thin, really hustling, always pleasant and attentive.  Chris, a veteran of 4.5 years at the restaurant, has a pleasing attitude, knows the menu in and out, and worked hard to make sure we were happy.  I'd give 5 stars to the service.The environment is casual and a little on the loud side.  For me there is a little conflict between "gourmet" and the delicatessen style; paper napkins at this price point bothers me.  But I've got a thing for paper napkins when I'm not at a picnic.  The restaurant was really warm; it was nice to step outside afterwards, and this is on a muggy June evening.  I'd give a 3 star rating to the environment.The food was good.  I tried the fried calamari, which was okay, the wife had the ravioli, which was okay.  I got the ceasar salad, which was good, she got the house salad, which was good.  The menu looked great, but as it was so warm, we ordered pizza.  I got the supreme, which was fresh and tasty, great crust and vegetables, she got the white pizza, was was fantastic.  After appetizers and salads, we took most of both pizzas home.  At $10 bucks a pizza, it is tough to find better.Naturally, we wanted to be able to post a full review so we ordered desserts.  I got the cannoli, which was great, she got the white cake, which was apparently great since it disappeared quickly.  I tried several glasses of wine, the house merlot, which was just okay, and the chianti, which was nice, but pricey.  The best part of the food, I would have to say, was the fresh bread.  They bring spices which you can cover in olive oil, and it was outstanding.  I've had a lot of bread in different joints and much of it is mediocre.  This stuff was good.  Overall I'd give the food a 4.5.I'm definitely going back to try the more Italian parts of the menu.  It deserves a try, for sure.
<review# 1230,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/19/2013,10/8/2014,5,36,4,7,3>Read this before you go............if you don't you may 'miss it'! Miss what? If you go to Mangia just for good food you will miss the very essence of what it's all about. If you are Italian you will get this - Mangia is basically a New York paisane who hosts his daughter's wedding every Friday & Saturday nite. Heck he even does the seating assignments. You are not a customer. You are family, there to enjoy a celebration of food and life. Driving home I thought to myself that paying the check was like giving 'abusta' (envelope) after the wedding.Nick Pellegrino's passion for food and people is genuine & contagious.  He is not a NY reject who brought his lousy food to the south but instead captures the importance of breaking bread with family & friends within the Italian culture. It's what we live for. It's a passion that runs deep into the soul and is impossible to contain. This is the Mangia Miracle as Nick affectionately calls it. You sit with strangers and leave as family. So is the food good? This is where you see the passion ooze. It's not fine dining; nor is it designed to be but all five senses will instinctively react in harmony telling you it's quality brought together with heart. No other restaurant could get away with serving zeppoles in a paper bag w/ powder sugar but I was about undone when they hit the table. If you are not Italian and none of this makes sense - Go!  Go experience the heart and soul of Italian culture and eat the best food in Nashville.  If you are visiting from NY/NJ you will forget you're below the Mason Dixon line.
<review# 1231,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/7/2014,10/7/2014,18,10,2,3,2>Absolutely love this restaurant. Have been maybe 10 or so times for dinner and have had nothing but fantastic experiences. I only come for the pizza, as I think that's what they excel at, but their antipasto appetizer is also phenomenal.The pizza is among my top 3 favorites, and I'm originally from Chicago. When it comes to Sicilian style pizza, Bella Napoli is by far the best in Nashville by a long shot (I won't name any other names...). Their sauce is so good that I usually end up ordering extra on the side and there's never been a drop left. I'd eat a bowl of it and pretend it was soup if I knew no one would stare at me. Have always had excellent service. Very knowledgeable and friendly staff who are always willing to give a recommendation, but not the least bit intrusive. The atmosphere can't be beat, and I highly recommend going on a spring/summer evening and sitting outside. It truly feels like being in a little alleyway in Italy. Never overcrowded and always feels like I'm in on a local secret when I'm there. It's almost hard to write this review, as I hope it continues to stay small and quiet and for those in the know.All in all exceptional, and I will continue to be a returning customer!
<review# 1232,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/11/2013,10/6/2014,14,105,4,6,2>My fiance and I popped in here last night for a nice date night to celebrate the end of successful semester.  On the whole we had a fabulous experience with minor complaints.  The good: as others have mentioned, the atmosphere is very intimate and romantic, and we loved the cozy feel.  They pack you in tight, but not too tight.  Service was good, and was a nice to touch to provide bread and oil/vinegar at the tables.  We had a fantastic bottle of Zin, and their house salad had a very tasty dressing.  Their pasta was spectacular, and I loved my lamb shank (although the white kidney beans were perhaps a tad under-cooked).The bad: We sat in the corner by the view into the kitchen, which is also where they decided to keep the parmesan cheese.  Every time anyone in the restaurant wanted parmesan, the servers would come over and, I shit you not, LITERALLY reach over our table and grab the parmesan to take to the customer.  Then, return it.  Are you ****ing kidding me?  Move the damn parmesan (which we eventually did ourselves after we realized this was serious and not a funny joke)!  But besides that, a lovely evening :)The ugly: nothing!Overall, a very solid four star experience, and I would recommend to a friend.FYI: The pricing on Yelp is listed as "$$", but with an entree, drink, and tip, there is no way you're leaving for less than $30 a person.
<review# 1233,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/8/2014,10/5/2014,16,12,2,7,4>I hate Italian...and I LOVED MOTO! This is going into the rotation with Rolf & Daughters and City House when we want to splurge.I was skeptical at first, but as a belated birthday dinner and early Valentine's Day dinner I took my wife who is a voracious fan of italian food, which I generally stay away from, to MOTO. First, the service.This was their very first Friday night of service, and only third since they opened doors and I was impressed at how well they were running the front and the tables. Chris Hyndman the owner was there and Antonio who spent time at Kayne Prime before coming over to MOTO had it running like a top.The waitstaff was friendly and knowledgeable on all the food items on the menu; we discussed a lot of the options which they patiently went through. They were a little less aware of the wine list - it had a lot of italian which I didn't get a sense that any of them were too familiar with except for Antonio, so if you really want to dig into the wine list (which is excellent) make sure and ask for him to help out.Now the food.Like I said before, I hate italian ... however I love salt, so me and prosciutto are best friends. We ordered two apps: the winter raw vegetables and the prosciutto crostini. Honestly I would come back for the crostini - have two for lunch and call it a day. Absolutely awesome with the spread and generous portion of prosciutto on a perfectly baked piece of bread. The vegetable plate was ok, didn't knock me over - would've been better if the blue cheese had been crumbled and scattered through the plating versus a couple of small square slices so that you get a bit with each bite.You'll get a couple of servings of focaccia with a flight of 3 olive oils - every type was excellent, the focaccia was not greasy at all like what you get at other places.We opted for three main plates, the blueberry lasagna which is Angelo's from Kayne Prime's favorite dish (and he's Sicilian) to share. She got the Black Spaghetti, I got the chicken saltimbocca.Angelo had referred to it as the "vegetable lasagna" so we were a little confused but it did not disappoint. When you go to Moto the for first time - absolutely get this. It's not a big portion but it has a combination of flavors that will knock you over - delicate pasta sheets with mushrooms and blueberries on the top and a mix of blueberry balsamic and a brown sauce, I'm thinking madeira but could be wrong, was just amazing.The Black spaghetti - yes it's squid ink that I'm pretty sure Rolf & Daughters introduced Nashville to - was amazing as well; I really thought she was going to order a second plate of it. You have to love a seafood flavor because the lobster really comes on strong but how they've done the sauce - it's a just great dish.The Chicken Saltimbocca I won't do again, only because there are other items that are worth the investment to try next time. I was impressed to find out they were using vacuum cooking for it so it absolutely was a tender, juicy rolled chicken...but I think that process must really do a number on the prosciutto or pancetta because it just lacked that salt pop I expect. It generally lacked flavor in itself, however, the bed of kale was very salty - for me it was fine but I think the typical pallet would probably find it excessive. So if you get this dish make sure you get a good bite of the chicken and kale and I think it has a decent balance.For dessert we went with a meyer lemon custard like dish - can't recall the name but it was a fantastic finish to the meal. I was disappointed that the formaggi plates that were on the menu aren't available for a few more days - because the selection looked awesome. It would've been nice to close out with a choice of 3 and some port but it gives me one more thing to look forward to next time.Finally, the beverages.We started with a couple of their signature cocktails, she with limoncello martini and me with the south of Manhattan. Both were fantastic and there were lots of other choices that we were interested in trying - look for your liquor and start with that choice; I doubt it will disappoint you.The wine list is diverse but not so many choices that you can't zone in on something quickly. Luckily my wife has more experience in the italian options than me so she picked a Seghesio that was awesome. But anyone who's smart enough to carry Saldo with their Red Zins knows how to put a good wine list together.All in all it was a great experience and to give something 4 stars on it's 3rd day of operation is a feat in itself. Go get your reservation because this will be the next hardest behind Catbird Seat and City House to get for a long time to come.
<review# 1234,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/10/2013,10/4/2014,9,14,4,5,2>There are so many reasons why Coco's Italian Market is one of my favorite restaurants in Nashville.   The restaurant is set in an Italian Market, complete with a bar where you can grab a drink while looking through the store or waiting on a table.  Most important to mention is the incredible Italian food...  My favorites are the bruschetta, Seafood Arrabiata and the Penne al Fresco.  The waitress suggested my friend and I order the Penne al Fresco with a few extra meatballs and it was absolutely fantastic.  I should also mention that we split one entrée (which they put on two plates for us) and the bruschetta and were  stuffed.  We enjoyed this over the happy hour, which is $1.00 off the house wines until 6:00 PM Monday to Friday.  Coco's is a big hit on Wed nights, when they offer half priced house bottles of wine all night.  Come to think of it, Coco's offer some incredible drink and food specials most nights of the week (listed on their website.)Last night I went there for dessert and ordered the Chocolate Eruption with a glass of the house wine.  I can't even describe how amazing this dessert was but it might make you want to slap someone after you take a bite - yep that good!   If you haven't tried Coco's yet, I would encourage you to quit dragging your feet and go.  It is a great date night place or one to go to with a small group. One tip- try and visit before the busy dinner hours, which can get a little hectic.  I generally go for an early dinner (6:15-6:30 PM) or during happy hour.  Coco's also offers a nice brunch and is best enjoyed on a nice day outside on the patio.   Again, this is such an awesome, eclectic place and you can't beat the price.
<review# 1235,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/20/2014,10/3/2014,4,69,2,6,4>First off, this is not a place for a quick meal. We got there at 7 on a Sunday and they were already busy. They had three servers going about a mile a minute hosting, serving, bartending and busing tables. We had to wait a while to be seated, wait a couple minutes for our drink order, and then about 20 minutes to get our appetizers and another 30 to get our food. We were there just under 2 hours all told. During that time people were still coming in and having to wait to be seated, often even longer than we had waited. That said, it was some of the BEST Italian food we've had and I was surprised to find it at Nipper's Corner, so far from the main hub of Nashville. The dressing on the Caesar salad was flavorful without being overbearingly fishy and my salad was not drowning in it, but well covered. The crab cakes were lemony and garlicky and delicious. The cheese bread was also very good with fresh, flaky bread brushed with garlic and herbs and covered in gooey cheese. My husband ordered their lasagna. Normally to the husband food is food is food and he's mostly indifferent. Not to this. He said it was "amazing", and that the noodles did not taste like regular plain ole box noodles. This was the first time I've ever seen him try to continue to eat after stating he was full. He thought it was that good. He normally gets testy about long waits too, but stated he would be willing to visit again, and wait again, to have their food again. I agree with him. So, not your pop in pop out quicky meal type place, but definitely worth it if you don't mind the wait. Or maybe try them on an off hour for quicker service.
<review# 1236,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/20/2014,10/2/2014,29,125,1,6,6>I'm pretty sure that Acme just opened and that I went on the first day that their kitchen was open. This also happened to be when Geeks Who Drink used the new venue to host a Harry Potter quiz. Thus the restaurant/bar/place was packed. Keeping the fact in mind that this was probably the first big night for the staff, they did fine. Our waitress was a bit slow but I honestly would have been surprised if she hadn't. Did I mention it was packed? I'm not going to really chat anymore about the service. I just don't think it's fair to judge considering this is their first weekend out of the gate. I ordered the Beer Belly (pork tacos) and my husband ordered the chicken fried steak. My dish came with a side of corn on the cob and black beans. The steak came with slaw and fries. The tacos were on a corn tortilla, which I prefer. Both my husband and I really liked our food. It wasn't just like, 'oh this is good', it was like 'wow, this actually really good food'. My friends ordered the hot chicken sandwich, the catfish, and the falafel. Everyone said that they liked their food. I stole a bite of the falafel and found it to be very tasty. The pita bread clearly wasn't the dry stuff you buy from Kroger. Definitely a great veggie option. The prices and portions were really reasonable. I ate all of my food and wasn't too full or hungry. I was impressed. We stayed after the trivia for some more beer and to the watch the band. I think this is a really fun venue. I heard that the idea was to do "up-scale" honky tonk, which I feel like they have done. The band was fun country music without being corny or too serious. The food is good and definitely in line with "Nashville" cuisine (farm to table, hot chicken etc.). Their bar is large and its was easy to order one of the many beers or cocktails. I am genuinely looking forward to coming back and trying some more food or grabbing a happy hour drink- which let's admit isn't something most people would say about a Broadway establishment.
<review# 1237,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/6/2012,7/15/2012,301,352,2,5,3>REALLY SHOCKED ON THE REVIEWS HERE!! WAYYY OFF!!!First off, beautiful clothes!! Great staff, very nice and extremely helpful. They went WAY out of their way to find me the perfect top to match a skirt I found. They have a large selection of jewelry, purses, scarfs, flip flops, hats, dresses and even formal dresses!!! Only thing that was hard was finding my size. Most smalls were sold out, but that only means they have a lot of woman who DO love their clothing.I think some items are pricey but what isn't nowadays! However my top I found was $35, it would cost $89 at BeBe's and my skirt was $75, which would have been $95 at BeBe's (using BeBe's as an example). I think their prices are about comparable with all clothing stores. The shop is adorable! Dressing rooms are cute as a button! I felt at home and welcomed in as family as I looked around and shopped. I would go back again for dang sure!!!
<review# 1238,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/18/2012,7/14/2012,85,236,4,4,3>First, I should say that I'm a sucker for any place that brings you a giant bucket of Diet Coke, so they were going to get 3 stars for having clean bathrooms and carafes of caffeine at the ready.  Second, I know if you haven't been here the idea of going to brunch in Belle Meade is only appealing to most people who have blue hair and drive Cadillacs.  BUT this place is really great.  Hands down top 5 breakfast places in Nashville with great standards the kiddos enjoyed as well as to die for eggs benedict.  The hubby is more about hash browns and omelets than I am, and gives them the official 'man grunt' of approval.  Prices are completely fair and the wait is way the heck better than heading to Pancake Pantry to stand outside for 45 minutes.  Short story, its a great place to go with the family for a weekday breakfast although I can't say what the weekend wait is like.  Service is fast and friendly.  On the minus side, it is loud and the tables are sort of squishy so I hope you like your dining neighbors because you will be seeing a lot of them.
<review# 1239,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/30/2012,7/13/2012,18,70,1,9,8>I just came back from finally visiting Empanadas Maria Isabel after seeing it parked on Nolensville road in the old Mapco station for awhile. I've even been to the adjacent Taco Truck before. My experience was fantastic. One guy was just opening up the place and took our order for two empanadas (meat and potato, the only variety he mentioned having). Although it took awhile for them to be ready (as he was just preparing them), they were well worth the wait. Only $2 a piece and the dough was obviously freshly made and like no other empanada shell I have ever had, the filling was fantastic. That is all we ordered at the time. As we waited he pulled out a little ring toss game and I perused the menu written in paint on particle board : Empanadas, Antojitos, Patacones (tostones), Chorizo, Chicharrones, as well as Tamales and Bandeja Paisa. Didn't ask about any drinks, but took home a card advertising that they also cater. Hours listed are 10-10 Tuesday-Sunday. Definitely take the time to visit this place!! The only South American restaurant in town that I know of.
<review# 1240,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/14/2012,7/12/2012,116,220,2,13,2>And now I have a new favorite restaurant. We sat at the bar and I had a fancy cocktail with gin, fresh juice, and muddled mint, it was incredible! Later I had a glass of the house wine, which was a very fair price for the quality (only $7, and it was a fantastic wine). The chicken and wild mushroom pizza was the best pizza I've ever had, it was full of intense flavors! They make the dough fresh, it's a hand-tossed thin crust pizza. We also tried the potato filled ravioli with lump crawfish meat and lemon sauce. Oh my goodness! It's hard to describe how delicious it was. Everything that isn't from the sea is local, raised appropriately (ie, grass fed beef, free range chicken, local veggies, etc.). So not only are you getting delicious food, it's healthy and conscientious! Oh and I almost forgot to mention, the decor is very tasteful, lots of wood beams. There is an outdoor patio as well. This would be a fantastic place to take a date, or even a large group (there is a giant table for big parties).
<review# 1241,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/27/2012,7/11/2012,89,89,6,7,4>Honestly, I would like to just whisper this nice and quiet to everyone. This is one of those places you really want to selfishly keep to yourself...but, the truth is, the way our economy has been I just can't do that or it might just disappear one day...and, that my yelper friends, would be an injustice.     I'm really embarrassed that I live so close, but until recently, had never actually driven down into Nolensville to check out all they have to offer. But, I'm so glad I finally did, and now I make just about a weekly detour that way...never missing the Amish Country Market.    I've never actually eaten in (I purchase to-go), but they are, of course, completely set up for that. The amish white bread and chicken salad (with your choice of add-ins...grapes, dried cranberries or stuffed olives ?) are my staples. I have also purchased their milk, some deli cheese, various candies from that section (the gummy bears are nice and soft and offered in some different flavors than the norm), cinnamon rolls and other baked goods.  All have been well received on the home front, but as I said, the chicken salad and white bread are our go-to items. Yum yum!      They also have some antiques for sale that are dotted around and throughout the store. And, you just aren't going to find friendlier, more personalized, service anywhere else...I haven't at least! Someone will be attempting to stuff samples in your mouth, and once they do, there's no looking back...you'll be making a regular jaunt there too!
<review# 1242,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/29/2012,7/10/2012,29,134,6,10,4>I've already gushed twice here about my girl Reyna's awesome abilities to cut and highlight hair, and all of that remains true. But now I'm going to tell you all about her other special talent of getting rid of unwanted hair... facial hair!I don't know about you, but whenever Spring rolls around, I tend to feel a bit... grizzly. Like a bear coming out of hibernation, I often find I've let my personal grooming get a bit lax and could use a bit of sprucing up. I've never been one to get very intense about my brows, I generally just like a bit of subtle shaping and tidying up, no tinting or intense makeovers on that front. When I went in for my most recent hair appointment, I asked Reyna if she could also whip my brows back into shape and take care of my upper lip too. Even though I hadn't booked this ahead, it wasn't a problem, as she speedily defuzzed my face, giving my brows the much-needed primping that they needed. My eye area is really sensitive, but with Reyna at the helm, it was a quick and (relatively) painless process. Plus, for $17, this might be one of the best deals in town! (FYI: Upper lip wax was $13.)I'm sure there are some benefits to going to a wax-dedicated salon if you have fancy (or intimate!) waxing needs, but for ladies who like to multi-task, I just wanted to point out that Salon Ya Ya is a great option for those who'd like to get all their hair needs looked after in a single visit. Now that all of my hair is back under control, I feel like a spring chicken ready to strut!
<review# 1243,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/4/2012,7/9/2012,38,244,3,5,4>I'm a big fan of the original Germantown Cafe location, so I've wanted to try this east location since it opened.  It's just as good as the original, and offers pretty much the same dinner menu.  I believe the brunch and lunch menus might differ slightly between the two locations, but I've yet to eat anything other than dinner at Germantown Cafe.  The location is a little confusing - I parked in the parking garage and took the stairs to the level of the cafe, but I ended up in an adjacent apartment loft complex and had to walk through their courtyard.  At first I thought I was going the wrong way, but that's apparently the correct path, even though it seems fairly convoluted! Anyhow, I had reservations at 8:30pm and my partner and I were promptly greeted by a friendly waiter who lead us into the virtually empty restaurant (maybe 3 other couples were there).  He gave us the best seat in the house with a nice view of downtown and was very attentive and knowledgeable.  Of course the infamous rolls came out and we scarfed those down before our actual meal.  I ordered the greens plate, which consisted of potato leek cakes, collard greens, chard, tomatoes, and artichoke hearts.  I don't know how something so simple can be so phenomenal, but it is!  My dinner date had the coconut curry salmon, which is just to die for (I've had it at the other location).  I will definitely be back to this location, especially to try the lunch and brunch options.
<review# 1244,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/1/2012,7/8/2012,42,86,26,10,6>mmm-MMM. I love me some Bolton's hot chicken! The ambience is nothing to shake a stick at, but the food is totally worth it. I thought their chicken was far tastier and less greasy than Prince's. However, people who aren't familiar with hot chicken and want to try this place out should read the following disclaimer:1. If you also don't like eating in places that could easily fit into a background shot of "The Wire," don't go here. 2. If you are too uppity to eat inside, get it To-Go. Personally, I think eating on premises adds to the experience, but whatever floats your boat. 3. If you don't like spicy foods, why in the hell are you reading this review?4. If you do like spicy foods, be honest with yourself (ahem, I'm referring to those men who tend to overcompensate for their tiny willies by constantly pretending to be "tough") - this shit is spicy. Unless you have a stomach made out of granite, just get the Mild or Medium.5. Even if you do get the Mild or Medium, see that you are no more than a ten second walk away from a bathroom. Those spices will do a number on your digestive tract. 6. Don't ask for any name-brand beverages to accompany your hot chicken, dummy. Get the grape drink and be happy you have something that will partially abate the all-consuming RAGE that is about to happen in your mouth. Woot!Good luck!
<review# 1245,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/7/2012,7/7/2012,126,270,3,6,5>In my pursuit of a buffet/storage cabinet for the dining room I was at a standstill. But then I found Nadeau. Think World Market and Pier One style met with reasonable "fall off the truck" prices. Which, by the way, I love. Walking in Nadeau you are instantly surrounded by awesome pieces of furniture ranging from hutches to TV cabinets and even footstools. The staff are relatively friendly and won't badger you as soon as you walk in. The thing I think I like most about Nadeau are the styles of pieces that are conversation points in any room. And their website is killer because you can view pieces before you even show up! Lazy furniture shopping? YES PLEASE!We bought a buffet for our newly acquired dishes and whatnot. For $500 we were able to walk away with a gorgeous solid wood, three door, single shelf green buffet. Apparently, Nadeau has locations across the U.S. but this was my first experience and definitely not my last!
<review# 1246,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/28/2011,7/6/2012,55,201,5,8,8>Don't let the chain mumbo jumbo fool you, this is real deal bbq.  Founder Nick Pihakis is one of the most respected pit masters in the country, and for good reason...the food is really good.There's something really appealing about going to a full service restaurant that serves bbq.  Not that I have a problem with hole in the wall type places or bbq shacks, sometimes it's nice to be served a cold beer or cocktail and great que.  The service here is always friendly and efficient.  On one visit our server brought out an order of onion rings on the house since we had never tried them before.  I get why they do that, you'll definitely order them on your next visit.  And let's not forget about those sweet, cheesy, morsels of delicious biscuits that are served before your meal.  I could probably eat those and leave happy.My wife and I usually share the 2 meat combo, it's more than enough food for the both of us.  I especially love their smoked sausage links.  It has a snap from the natural casing and just the right amount of smoke. If you're a fan of spicy sauces, I recommend trying the habanero bbq sauce.  Be warned, it's hot and it'll catch up to you.  They also sell sauces if you'd like to take some home.  I have one gripe, and it's that I wish they weren't so far away.
<review# 1247,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/7/2014,6/12/2014,76,161,,7,3>The Southern is a fun spot with great food.  You could catch a game around the bar area or enjoy a more formal meal around the perimeter of the restaurant or in one of their more secluded rooms.My wife and I went to the Southern for my birthday dinner this weekend and it was excellent.  We had oysters and deviled eggs for and appetizer.  The deviled eggs are phenomenal.  I would definitely recommend them as a starter.  The oysters were good too.  You can order them in singles or by the dozen and half-dozen.  They have their own sauce that is pretty good.  It's not spicy, but goes great with horseradish.For dinner, I had the brisket with jalapeno grits.  It was excellent.  The grits really made the dish.  My wife had halibut and grits and that was great too.  We wrapped the night up with dessert and had two wonderful selections.  The Red Grits are a combination of a bunch of berries.  I really enjoyed and my wife loved the banana's foster bread pudding.  Definitely save room for dessert when you go.The service was a bit lacking, but not bad.  Our waiter was nice enough and did a good job with our orders being accurate.  However, he was slow to get to us between courses and with refills.  There was also an instance where he leaned over me (standing to my left) with his hand on the wall to my right.  His arm was literally above my head while he leaned in to talk to us.  He was a nice guy, but a bit peculiar.Overall, we had a great time and would love to go back.  We don't venture into Nashville to eat often, but this is a worthwhile spot for trip from Franklin.  The food is great.  It's a little loud if you're not in one of the more private rooms.  However, I would definitely recommend this spot for someone that wants to experience a twist on Southern cuisine and oysters.
<review# 1248,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/3/2014,6/10/2014,627,968,5,8,5>A must stop on your Lower Broadway barhop.  Since there are tons of reviews about this place, here's my brief thoughts.Free admission.Decently strong drinks.Cowboy boots on the wall, perhaps for sale?  I couldn't tell.Always a good band, usually with a upright bass which is, of course, festive.  Tip the band - no admission so go ahead and give them some bucks so they can pay rent or buy some beer.Totally packed out on the weekends but on weeknights much more manageable.  Plus if you are a tourist you don't have anything to do the next day right?  Drink up!That's all you have to know.  Then you can stumble out and hit up another honky tonk.
<review# 1249,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/13/2014,6/9/2014,210,147,8,12,7>I had SO MUCH STUFF that was in desperate need of dry cleaning. I mean, we were talkin' garbage bags full of stuff here people. Yeah...looonnnngg overdue...and quite embarrassing.A few of those items are very old, and hold a lot of sentimental value to me. So it was important that I find a really good cleaner, and one that wouldn't charge me, like, $500.00 for all my stuff.I turned to Yelp, and really liked what I read about this place. So I called and gave the super nice woman a list of what I had to bring in. The quote was FAR less than I had anticipated, and I really wondered if she had calculated it all properly.I hauled all my bags over later that afternoon, and sure enough...she was spot on with the price...just under $200.00!"Almost $200.00!", you exclaim. Why yes, and what a steal! You thought I was kidding about bags full. Well, lemme break it down for ya: long dress coats, quarter dress coats, pea coats, evening gowns, skirts, blazers, pants, and a scarf (sans the pear tree).Yeah...like I said, a STEAL!Additionally, I dropped off all these items late on a Saturday afternoon, and all of them were ready by the following Tuesday morning. Yeah, now that's impressive.And it gets even better from there. I have one nice pea coat I purchased in Chicago some years back. Then during a trip to Seattle, I grazed a wall that had been freshly painted beige. ARGH! (Signs, people! Signs!)I tried everything to get the paint out of the sleeve, and while some of it did (and it wasn't horribly noticeable in the end), the coat was downgraded to a "I'm-just-running-to-the-store-in-my-sweats" kind of coat...which was kind of a shame. For the last few years, I've had it cleaned multiple times, but the paint always remained.Well, guess what...Nashville Cleaners got that old paint out ON THE FIRST TRY! Whaaa?!? Yeah, they did, and I didn't even tell them it was there. I was blown away! On my return trip, I asked how in the world they got it out. Lots of smiles, but no answer. Hmm. Heck...who cares! I'm still floored!I'll admit I was a little hesitant going to this place since it's in a rather busy part of town, and traffic in that area is always a real pain. However, I have been pleasantly surprised at the ease of accessing their shop. The drive-thru service is friggin' awesome too - super fast!I promised myself I wouldn't let things pile up like that again, so I've visited multiple times since. I will admit that I'm am sometimes confused by their pricing on certain items. Some are shockingly inexpensive, while others cost far more than I thought they would. Nevertheless, I feel it all balances out in the end, and I'm consistently really happy with their work.WIN!
<review# 1250,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/7/2014,6/8/2014,27,140,4,3,3>I've only heard great things about the pharmacy and after having eaten here, now I know why! My husband and I ate here with some friends and everyone was pleased with their food. Half of us were vegetarian, half were meaties. The meat eaters praised their hamburgers and bratwurst. They did look great!I had the black bean burger with muenster cheese, jalapeños, and pesto... HOLY CRAP. Although I chose this delicious topping combination myself, the burger itself was very good! The fries and tater tots were both also great. Next time I go back, I will try the falafel burger or a completely different combo on a black bean burger. There are a number of yummy toppings to choose from. Great beer selection! Great atmosphere on the patio. Can't wait to sit out there and drink this summer!
<review# 1251,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/19/2014,6/7/2014,173,165,4,4,3>YUMMMMM!!! That would sum it up but Marcia may give me the evil eye if that was all I wrote. :p Service is always friendly and quick. They have moved since last year but still in East Nasty. They have a few tables set up but I normally pick it up because I don't want people to see me pigging out. Each pound of crawfish is $6.49 (up to 9, it's gets cheaper if you buy more) and 2lbs is usually enough for lil' ole me. They also have other items like shrimp, sausage, jambalaya and frozen crab (that you have to cook yourself). Not for me... I'm just there for the crawdads!
<review# 1252,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/28/2014,6/6/2014,116,220,,5,3>I love love LOVE the Hop Stop! What a fantastic addition to Gallatin Rd. If you like true craft beer, this is your place. You can bring your growler in and enjoy a beer while they sterilize it and fill it back up for you. We spent an evening here with friends and had way too much fun. They sell half pints for half the cost of a regular pint, so you can enjoy all kinds of beers without filling up. They also give free tastes if you're not sure about a particular beer. The selection was fabulous, plenty to choose from that I had never heard of before. The food is limited to hot dogs, fries, popcorn and a couple other small items. I will say that the hot dogs are pretty fancy, though. They're served on a pretzel like bun, and they have some fairly creative options as far as toppings. They also serve a veggie dog. While I wouldn't come here necessarily for a meal, the food is perfect for the drinking munchies. There are a couple of dartboards, though there isn't a whole lot of space to play. Our waiter was hilarious and took great care of us. We had a blast here, and I would definitely recommend that you try it for a relaxed, fun evening!
<review# 1253,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/20/2014,6/5/2014,97,23,32,38,34>When it is time for something very special, I go to Village Jewlers. When I had a stone from my grandmother that needed to mounted, when we had wedding bands to match and most recently, when I had a special gift to buy my bride to be on her wedding day, it's always Village Jewlers.  Ask for Joey, he'll always give you respectful attention, no matter your budget or occation.
<review# 1254,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/10/2014,6/4/2014,14,105,,5,2>This is an update of a previous review.Stopped in here again last weekend, mainly because after I wrote an unfavorable review (due to the lack of darker beers) the owner, Christian, reached out to me and very politely mentioned they would be coming out with a Sweet Potato Stout shortly.  Well, I finally had a chance to check it out and I loved it.  As far as Sweet Potato Stouts go (one of my favorite kind of stouts) I thought it was delicious.Also in my previous review I mentioned that the service was not that great... well, I can assure you it was 180 degree turn-a-round this time.  The staff was beyond friendly -- they practically waited on us while we were playing "Cards Against Humanity" ... that is something I certainly don't expect from a brewery.  Anddd, they now do flights as well!And did I mention they have a TON of free games to choose from?  They also have live music, TVs, an AWESOME outdoor patio, and a food truck which I presume will be a staple over the summer.Given their location and beer types, their main competition has to be Yazoo and Jackalope.  Let me tell you -- there is no competition.  TBW beats Yazoo on every category of where I want my next "Sunday Funday" to be ... service, space, atmosphere, etc.  Trust me -- next time you want to enjoy a beer on patio somewhere, give Brew Works a shot.From my initial 2-star review, I could not have been more impressed on my second time around.  So glad I gave this place a second shot.  I would recommend to a friend, and I'll definitely be back.
<review# 1255,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/23/2014,6/3/2014,44,103,4,7,5>I go through periods of going to Khan's once a week and splurging on lots of gluten free baked goods and keeping them in the freezer, though they don't last long (i have a sweet tooth)! Karina and her crew really care about the food you are eating and keep in mind those of us who have food allergies as well. I am oh so thankful since the day they opened, even though I was already buying some of Karina's delicious treats at the Wild Cow. The GF cupcakes (try the chocolate lavender) are always a tasty treat, but my fave has to be the chocolate chip cookie sandwich, with plenty of chocolate chips and creamy goodness in the middle.I fell in love with Khan's so hard, I even had them make my wedding cake (the Neopolitan- choc and vanilla layers with strawberry frosting on the inside and vanilla frosting on the outside)! It was the best gluten free cake I've ever eaten and my husband really enjoyed it as well.  Looking forward to ordering it again for our one year anniversary.
<review# 1256,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/4/2013,6/2/2014,156,282,2,3,2>I have had some good, GOOD food at The Stone Fox. I regret to say I've only been there maybe twice in all the while it's been open, and with all of the excitement that has surrounded it since it did open.   The ambience is great and unusual.  The food really is the star, though. And the eclectic music, if that's what you're there for.
<review# 1257,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/23/2012,4/1/2012,94,224,15,9,12>Dear Jack Daniels,I met someone else.  He is newer, younger, and sexier.  He's an Artisan.  You and I had a good run in college, but now I'm a grown-up and I like grown-up things.  His name is Corsair, and he's lovely.  And he's not just whiskey.  No, he's so much more.  He's gin, and vodka, and absinthe.  He's the best.  His Vanilla Vodka makes me so much happier than you ever could in all the years we spent together.  With Corsair it's different.  Better.  Complex in a good way.And now that I've had Corsair, I'll never go back.  You just can no longer give me what I need.  And I never understood why you have to live in a dry county.  Corsair lives closer, and his place is awesome.I hope you understand.Love,Me (and probably the rest of Nashville)
<review# 1258,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/26/2011,3/31/2012,89,89,5,5,4>I CONFESS!  I ignored my mama's teachings. I jumped to conclusions about Marti & Liz's Shoes. I *knew* I should never judge a book by it's cover...*hanging my head*...but I did.    But I have seen the err of my ways! Thank goodness for a few great friends who enlightened me about the store, and reminded me of that old teaching.     My husband, who acts as if he's enduring a Chinese war torture to do most any shopping...well, he looked like the cat who swallowed the canary walking out of that place with three boxes of shoes, stacked way up, all for under $100 and all brands such as Cole Haan.    As far as me, I managed to stay focused and NOT give in to the desire to purchase those cute Pliners, Weitzman or Coach boots/shoes...for once (maybe b/c hubby was watching, hhmm??) choosing to wait for a boot that had exactly what I wanted/needed.    But, I plan on returning very soon.
<review# 1259,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/24/2011,3/30/2012,60,232,4,15,4>Oh come on...so it's not for hipsters.  There's one thing about John A's that a lot of places could learn from...know your clientele!   It's "old school before old school was cool" so to speak.  But we've been there many times and we always have a good time.  Friendly folks...pretty good food (sometimes DARN good food), nice music, ice cold beer.  On top of that, the decor is interesting in that you can spend a lot of time just wondering how it all got put together.  We have out of town guests who love it.  I can take my parents here and they can hear some old country tunes live, are able to hear us when we speak to them and sit down at the same time.  So yeah...it's not a place with the beautiful people and $17 martinis...but you don't leave feeling ripped off or like you dropped $150 on a disappointing dinner served by snooty wait staff.  Not that there's anything wrong with that sometimes.
<review# 1260,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/11/2011,3/29/2012,48,118,4,5,6>The best!This was with out a doubt the best beer festival in Nashville this year, closely followed by the East Nashville Beer Fest. A beautiful  day, a good crowd, great people watching, but not too many people. You could easily navigate and you never had to wait too long for your next glass of brewed delight. Perfect vender to beer fan ratio!  Great food venders, booths and a wonderful oompah / jazz band that set the fun tone for the day!I found more beers I had never heard of at this fest, most of which were from up and coming local brewers. It looks like Nashville has a lot of beer talent about to enter our market! Drinkers rejoice!A big thanks to Yelp and to the 12 South Winter Warmer Festival for an intoxicating ( with in reason ) day!! I can't wait Until the next one!
<review# 1261,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/12/2012,3/28/2012,87,122,,7,3>I went here for lunch yesterday and didn't know what to expect. The place is so small, I passed it twice with my car before finding it. It's just left of Captain D's--I love how the official Luna website snarks about the view of the fast food joint--and they share a parking lot. The restaurant was even smaller inside than it looked from out (this isn't a bad thing...I'm just saying, it doesn't accommodate a whole lot of diners). You order at the counter, and the server fixes up your plate from a buffet. It's a very traditional meat-and-three type of establishment. I had the beef lasagna with creamed corn on the side, while my dining companion order the chicken and sausage. We stuck around chatting long enough that the chef brought over complimentary apple pie at one point! It was yum.Luna is definitely a hole in the wall and nothing fancy, but the service was great, the people were very kind and the food was pretty darn tasty. I'd come back here, no question. From the number of people having lunch there midweek, I'd say Luna is doing quite well for being one of the new kids in town.
<review# 1262,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/11/2012,3/27/2012,19,47,3,5,4>Tandoori Chicken. It's that reddish-orange pile of chicken wings at the end of the buffet most places - but not here. At Shalimar, it's the star of the show, and there can be no substitute. Seeing it at any other Indian restaurant just makes me dream of the next time I can get to Shalimar. It's a little pricey, so it's more of a treat than a regular destination, but the food is worth it and the service is as friendly as it gets.
<review# 1263,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/3/2012,3/26/2012,54,150,3,4,5>On my first trip to Thai Phooket, I got the drunken noodles. Mostly because of fellow Yelpers recommendations, but partly because I felt that it contained the adjective that best represented me. Delicious. My dinnermate and I also shared an appetizer plate with chicken satay, spring rolls, dumplings and a variety of sauces. Delightful. Service was quick and friendly. I returned this past Sunday for some Sassy Curry with tofu (basically red curry with pineapple). Chosen because I love red curry AND pineapples (and the namesake is the next best adjective for me). Also delicious. The sauce wasn't very thick or very spicy (I got medium), so I could have had it a little thicker and a little spicier (that's what she said). I might go for "hot" next time. The veggies (long beans, green peppers) were cut in kind of awkward shapes so they were difficult to eat without splashing sauce on myself. Sassy curry, indeed. Definitely hit this place up, though. Another plus: there are great Thai music videos playing on the TV. Cheap, friendly, delicious. Great for Drunken and/or Sassy friends.
<review# 1264,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/1/2011,3/25/2012,90,83,2,6,3>Have you ever been to a place that offers a buffet for lunch?  You know - they put out food by the barrel full - but, the food, although plentiful, is lacking in quality.Mafiaoza's has the reputation I think with Tuesday nights.  Recently I tried to convince people to go to Mafiaoza's on a Wednesday night.  The reaction for a couple was pretty telling.  "No, the pizza isn't that great, the service is slow and its too packed.  We'll have to wait forever."  I knew that they MUST have meant that they went on a tuesday night.  Tuesday night is super cheap eats / beer night at Mafiaoz's.  This is not a good night to go!  If you want to experience it at its best get a pizza how you normally order a pizza: Fresh and by the pie.  They have 'by the slice' pizza most any time.  However, there is no telling how long that pizza has been out.Well, to make a long story somewhat shorter - I convinced my friends that a Wednesday night experience was much different.  So, we pull up to the restaurant, park, and go inside.  We are promptly greeted and seated within 5 minutes.  We sat at a spacious table and drink orders were taken quickly.  We ordered an appetizer, the Fried Ravioli Cheese Sticks, which were incredible.  There were 3 of them - but they are almost as long as your forearm - so, there is plenty to go around.For Pizza we ordered their BBQ Chicken Pizza and a Bacon and Pepperoni Pizza.  Both were incredible.  My friends were blown away by how good the pizza tasted.  They said they didn't remember it tasting this good when they were there last.  They were surprised by the beer prices however - which just brings more support to my thoughts that they were visiting on a tuesday.Bottom line:  Anytime you go anywhere and get a super cheap price - you likely aren't getting the best quality.  And I'm thinking that they have to sling pizzas together so fast to keep up with demand on Tuesdays that the quality probably suffers some.  Being that busy you probably aren't going to get the best quality from anything.  Food.  Service.  Anything.  So, I just don't think its fair to judge Mafiaoza's on this one day of the week.  Besides - screaming, drunk college kids swarming the spot will not give anyone a good impression of a restaurant - regardless of the type of food.So - if you want great pizza, visit Wednesday - Monday.  If you want cheap food at cheap prices - visit Tuesday.For me - I'll continue to spend my dollars on any other night of the week because it's well worth it.  Mafiaoza's is great...but with all great food you should always order fresh.  With the exception of Chili - food is never good the longer it sits around.
<review# 1265,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/29/2011,3/24/2012,52,174,6,4,4>The flag$hip mall of the metro area. Even the same stores you will find in other malls aren't as nice as the ones here. I've been to them, I know.Burberry, Nordstrom, Apple, Lacoste, Louis Vuitton, Coach.... this is your best shot at quenching your materialistic thirst in the middle Tennessee area. As should be expected from such a posh store lineup, the inside is always fresh and clean but overall the mall itself is not very big. You can walk end to end in a couple of minutes. Yes, traffic on Hillsboro sucks. Get over it / find a back way. They exist.Parking is chaotic. You can cry about that. I certainly do. It's still worth it. They do offer valet, but I guess I am a cheap dummy because I circle around like the rest of the capitalist consumer sheep.
<review# 1266,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/20/2012,3/23/2012,159,379,8,7,7>I can retire the Buck Owen's song because I have found Mocha...that I have been searching for...for so long!          "Where, where, are you tonight?          Why did you leave me here all alone?          I searched the world over,          And thought I found true love.          You met another and          Phht! you were gone." Buck was singing about a girl. I was singing about Mocha. I first met Mocha in Galway City, Ireland. I think she is still there, but her twin has arrived in Nashville...at Edgehill Cafe.As Americans, we love sugar and tend to make everything sweet to the point of ignoring the value of other flavors. Europeans, despite not having anymore children and handing their treasures off to people who don't value the treasures of the West...they still do "sweet" right by not over doing it by insisting that coffee is a drink and not a dessert.Edgehill Cafe not only affords a legitimate environment to work, relax, socialize, and enjoy life, but they get coffee. More importantly, they understand how coffee and chocolate can have a perfect marriage when united by leche to create a hot and wonderful experience. The lack of a star preventing a perfect score (I rate based on genre and not Michelin stars) is due to the pricing. They can price the Mocha at any price...it's worth it because it's cheaper than a flight or boat to Galway, but the breakfast bagel was expensive. I really enjoyed the Everything Bagel with Egg and Bacon, but at $7 for just the sandwich it's just not worth it. The egg seemed to be legit as opposed to being poured from a carton and it was seasoned well, but still...$7 for what should be $3.50 is just way too much! The itemized receipt included fruit being served with the sandwich, but there was no fruit. Perhaps, maybe, if the plate included fruit...$7 would be an acceptable price for breakfast. Maybe. Well, who cares about a bagel? I found Mocha and I can't wait to visit again.
<review# 1267,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/28/2013,4/1/2013,88,217,1,5,4>So I decided to finally come to gabby's and try out the burger I've heard so much about. So the place is kind of a little shack, with the kitchen area being the same as the dining area, with some bar style seating and some tables. Oh and of course the long line that builds up, which I can now see why... I got the BBQ burger with sweet potato fries, lettuce and onion. First thing I tried was the sweet potato fries, and they were amazing. You could tell they use real sweet potato, as the fries come out a bit sweet yet still salty and crunchy. And just the right proportion of each! The amount of cinnamon and salt used is just right. Meanwhile, the burger was pretty great too, definitely not a gourmet burger from a restaurant cooked to a specific temp or anything, but they just cook it amazing themselves without even asking. The caramelized onions were made well too, a bit caramelized but not too soft and still crispy.Overall a great burger and particularly fries and experience! Definitely returning when I get the craving for a great burger! Perhaps ill try the shake next time too.
<review# 1268,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/15/2012,3/31/2013,139,429,2,4,4>4.5 starsMy fiance and I headed to Silo for a celebration of sorts...a successful meeting at work and the establishment to be utilized for my 300th Yelp! review.  Yippee!Walking in, the place exudes a very trendy vibe.  I later learned from my very knowledgeable waitress, that all of the trendiness was as hand-crafted as possible.  The tables are made by the Amish, the pottery by the wife of an owner, and the light fixtures are tin that had been shot with a shot gun by a local gentleman.  This very well set the stage for the farm to fork concept that the restaurant has.  They've got a new menu every day, specifically printed with the date and the specials, and when possible, they utilize local ingredients.  He sampled a brew from our very own Jackalope brewery, and I tried a refreshing whiskey based concoction.  We ordered the trio of deviled eggs (one was topped with crab and horseradish and was my favorite, the second had a Cajun nod, and the third was spicy with jalapeno!) Big points for the pumpkin soup, the burger and really tasty fries, and medium points for the pork belly over roasted pumpkin, cauliflower, and mushrooms (only because it wasn't what I was expecting-I had in my mind pieces of pork belly integrated into a ragu, but it ended up being much meatier than I was planning on). Delicious food and, sadly, no room for dessert.  The integration of the GooGoo cluster caught my eye in one of the offerings.  Guess 'local' doesn't always mean straight from the farm!
<review# 1269,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/10/2012,3/30/2013,99,212,2,14,6>I've been in to Nashville Armory multiple times now. As far as ranges go, it's certainly one of the best I've had the privilege of shooting at. The retail store also seems to have excellent prices and I know that they have excellent service. I've  never felt more welcome in a gun establishment than in Nashville Armory. Even the range officers are friendly. I understand the need for them; I know how to shoot safely because I was taught from a young age, but not everyone who might shoot here had the same education, so I feel safer knowing there are watchful eyes nearby. The ten minute training video they require you to view before venturing out on the range is campy, but once again, I feel better about the other patrons knowing they've all had to watch it too. After a conversation with the owner, Brian, who seemed to be an intelligent and quite business-savvy fellow, I must say that I expect them to do very well. In short, if you decide to exercise your 2A rights, Nashville Armory is conveniently located, affordable, and staffed with knowledgeable, friendly people. I'm so glad they're here and I wholeheartedly recommend them.
<review# 1270,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/10/2012,3/29/2013,94,224,2,6,2>I reluctantly left the Enzian in Orlando when I moved to Nashville, not knowing I'd be having such a hot, steamy love affair with the Belcourt!  And while we don't meet as often as I'd like, it's always joyous when we can rendezvous.I love that the Belcourt has plenty of options for every type of indie film lover!  Bring on the random, the fabulous, the political, the LCD Soundsystem love fest, and whatever else your amazing team chooses.  I have full faith that anything I see in this theater will have me walking out happy and excited about $ well spent.This old-school style theater combined with the fact that you can purchase adult bevvies makes me giddy.  And how can you not just enjoy the mere fact that under no circumstances will you be watching a Michael Bay movie (although I did love Transformers)...??I have yet to catch a midnight showing of a classic, but I know they offer great options (Ghostbusters, Ferris Bueller's Day Off, etc).  What a great theater!
<review# 1271,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/17/2012,3/28/2013,888,249,4,6,3>I honestly thought this was a Nordstrom or Neiman Marcus brand that someone had just opened a store around.  Nope.  After inquiring, I discovered that virtually everything in the store is made right here in Nashville.  If you're looking for high end pet gift and amenities, look no farther.  These entrepreneurs have made East Nashville THE destination for the high end pet shopper.  From classically patterned harnesses to gourmet catnip, this place has it.  Take your fancy taste and come, sit, stay.
<review# 1272,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/2/2012,3/27/2013,96,336,2,9,5>I don't even know how to begin writing a review for a place this amazing! In all honesty this is not only the best pizza I have had in Nashville, but the best pizza I have ever had. No joke. Better than New York? Yes. Better than Chicago? Yes. It's just damn delicious! Based off of an Atlanta concept, they hit the nail on the head with DeSano's. The staff is extremely nice and the pizza comes out hot & cheesy, in just a few minutes. And to top it off, it's BYOB! Oh yeah! Instead of sitting here reading my review, grab some friends, your favorite adult beverage, and head over to DeSano's for the best pizza of your life.
<review# 1273,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/12/2012,3/26/2013,323,390,2,3,4>I am pretty sure I should not live with in walking distance of a Sweet Cece's because it is always a temptation.  This store is by far one of my favorite stores because they hardly run out of product and have a crap ton of toppings.  I have to say my favorite flavor is the pistachio, along with the good ole chocolate.  It can just make my day after a rough one.  One of the best things about this store is the service.  I usually walk my pup down to Sweet CeCe's on hot summer days and they totally give him vanilla samples for free.  Personally, I think he works his cute factor but nonetheless, it pays to go the extra mile in making my pooch happy.
<review# 1274,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/27/2012,3/25/2013,15,77,,7,3>Finally, a Latin restaurant that is true to its roots.  This Puerto Rican restaurant is right down the road from The Cannery near the new convention center.  Even though it only opened a week ago, everything went very smoothly.  I was greeted by the friendly, attractive hostess and seated at a table.  This atmosphere is simple, modern, and comfortable with 2 TV's if you wish to catch a game.The menu is extensive but I would suggest sticking to the Latin dishes.  I had the lunch special which was a lunch sized portion of the Carne Frita which was very similar to the Cuban Masitas de Puerco (fried pork chunks).  It was moist, tender, and delicious. It was served with a very tasty rice that had beans and peas in it.  I can't wait to try the Fricase de Pollo, the Grouper Ajillo, the Chicaronnes de Pollo, and the Mofongo.  There are other mainstream dishes available for the less adventurous.I look forward to coming in the evening and trying the passion fruit sangria.
<review# 1275,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/2/2013,3/24/2013,115,126,2,8,3>First off, the owners are seriously the sweetest people ever.  I love popping in there just to say hi and seeing all the new goodies they have for sale.  Vintage luggages ($20-$30), furniture, FLOWERS, cards, locally made jewelry, head bands and so much more... The perfect place to find a unique gift for your special someone or a deserving friend!My favorite thing about the shop is you can pop in, tell them how much you want to spend on flowers and they'll put together a unique bouquet for you. And speaking of flowers, the owner is starting to do flowers for weddings.  I'm so jealous I can't fly her out to Mexico to do my wedding flowers.  She's a creative genius in that department!Go check this place out!
<review# 1276,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/1/2013,3/23/2013,220,423,,6,4>I came to the "smoking lounge" for a birthday party on a Thursday night, and once I was able to escape from the smoke, I had a lovely time! :)The upstairs bar is beautiful! The romantic lighting reminded me of a different time period, and I loved that the bartender put on a random 90's lite station on Pandora that had all of us singing along to Mariah Carey, Bryan Adams, and all the great horrible music of the 90's. They also offered 3 appetizers for $21 and house wines that were delicious! The eggplant appetizer was outstanding, and I'd highly recommend it to anyone! A couple partygoers ordered off the menu, and they had a seafood linguine that looked amazing... I tried Valentino's quite a few years ago and wasn't overly impressed, but after my lovely night out, I think I need  to give it another go!
<review# 1277,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/27/2010,10/24/2011,9,106,,10,10>Professional bar, simple name, just a couple blocks from 5 Points in east Nashville, No. 308 is a drinking establishment. Fancy cocktails can be mixed, but the dynamic couple who conceived bar No. 308 will be happy to just mix you a simple Gentleman Jack & coke or pop the top on a high-gravity brewski. If later there is beer on tap it will probably tend toward the craft brewery style. Don't come here looking for a PBR!! Not a pub not a lounge, 308 is a crossbreed that could become an alcohol destination in its own category. For sure, I'll be back!
<review# 1278,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/12/2010,10/22/2011,627,968,12,5,7>I cannot give this place less than 5 stars even if they carried only rotgut liquor because they made it possible for something to happen that I have wanted since I was a little bitty rockstar of about 10 years old.  I MET A BONA FIDE ACTUAL MEMBER OF JOURNEY!  5 full fucking stars from me!Basically they had the keyboardist from Journey come in to do a wine signing as he a) now live in Nashville and b) has a winery out in Cali.  I saw this on twitter and called immediately to reserve my bottle.  Fast foward to 430PM the next day - I walk in with my Escape album in hand and a nervous ball of energy in my stomach.  I talk with the people working there who assure me Jonathan Cain is super nice and cool and he will surely sign my album as well as my wine but...it doesn't start until 5PM you know.  They didn't even blink when I told them that I was SUPER EXCITED so I had to get there early.Fast foward to 515PM - in walks a childhood hero.  I was absolutely flustered beyond all imagination, but I figured I'd be alright once I got in line for getting an autograph.  Yeah.  Well.  I held it together outwardly - somewhat - but inside I was a screaming, sniffling, 13 year old that was FREAKING THE HELL OUT!  I may have sputtered out some stupid comments (Like "If there's one thing I like as much as Journey, it's drinking so this wine should turn out great!" Really?  At least he kind of snickered at me....hehe).  But whatever, he was nice and signed my album, my wine, and - thanks to the workers at the store - I got a picture with him too.  If only he will be friends with Steve Perry again and bring him around for a meet and greet I can die a happy woman!!The people that worked there were awesome - super excited for me, made me go back and get a picture, and were generally awesome.  It also doesn't hurt that this place is full of EVERY liquor, EVERY wine, and EVERYTHING else you didn't know you needed.  They had Clos de los Siete blend wine that I love.  They had whipped lightning - the magical boozy whipped cream.  They had gift sets and rare bottles of liquor.  It was the mecca of liquor stores and after they hosted such an awesome event and treated me so nicely, I will not go anywhere else from now on.  Midtown liquors completes me!
<review# 1279,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/31/2011,10/21/2011,126,270,2,6,3>A double date during restaurant week brought "Germantown Cafe" into my vocab word list. Whoa! What I had been missing out on was a fabulous dining experience with the utmost supreme service! Reservations were made for a Friday night at 7:00p.m. (of course it had to be during a busy time) and our table was ready upon moments of crossing the threshold. The layout of the restaurant is dynamic with a cool bar type atmosphere in one room and a chic dining area in another. Brown and black polka-dotted tablecloths were layered softly underneath a classic white linen.Although I was expecting a server with a thick German-American accent, our server was personable and experienced in her recommendations for wine. I couldn't decide upon a Pinot Grigio on their extensive wine list so she brought me four samples: two she would recommend, one that was popular, and one recommendation from the bartender. Fabulous!The meal was superb! Salads, entreé, and dessert for $20.11. Dining with four automatically results in the tasting of many different dishes. I ordered the crab cakes which were rich and decadent. The hubs-to-be had the pasta of the day: chicken linguine in a savory sauce. My friend Megan C. had the plum pork. I am not a huge pork fan and I would have gone to town on this entreé had I ordered it, but I couldn't be rude on this particular occasion. Dessert was overwhelming by the point the plates were cleared from the table. The key lime pie was not green and hence "authentic"; very Florida. The apple crisp thing with ice cream was sinful at best. I place my stamp of approval upon it.  All in all Germantown Cafe, I will keep in my back pocket for those special occasions in life or a hankering for a good crowd.
<review# 1280,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/21/2011,10/20/2011,63,108,3,10,2>Finally got a chance to try Sushime tonight. I'll always welcome more good sushi options in town. We had the following: Shrimp Tempura Roll - yes, it's tame... but it's also one of the best I've ever tasted Spicy Scallop Roll - slightly above average Ocean Roll - this was odd... the picture looks nothing like the description and the actual roll was like the picture, not the description. mixture of tuna, yellowtail and some others... very clean and fresh with lots of fish... recommended Eel Diablo Roll - I love unagi, and this roll delivered.. the tempura asparagus in the center really complimented everything White Snake Roll - "Is This Love?" No, sadly it was average at best... kinda disappointed, and I think David Coverdale would be too The presentation was great. Rivals some of the most expensive and trendy sushi spots I've been to around the country. Prices were average for Nashville, but the portions were great. Not too much rice, which is good. Also had a full Japanese menu. I'll have to try it sometime. Glad this place is just down the street. The bad (if I have to be picky): The ginger wasn't that good. No low sodium soy option. The chairs are not comfortable... this place needs more booths.
<review# 1281,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/6/2011,10/19/2011,94,224,16,5,8>I walked into Patterson House in strapped heels and a flapper dress.  With a cigarette placed between my perfectly reddened lips, I turned and flashed my big brown eyes at the men standing to my right.  Four ran over with lighters, but I grabbed the tie of the nearest one and allowed him to quickly light my cigarette.  On cue, the owner of the bar opened the curtain and I carefully took his arm and walked to my usual spot in the back corner.  Patiently awaiting my arrival were two men dressed in pin stripe suits, drinking single malt scotch, and very carefully placed next to their right hands were their perfectly shined guns...Okay - that's not AT ALL what happened.  But Patterson House makes me wish it did!  This place is incredible.  The dim lighting, the fresh ingredients pouring over the bar, the decor, the amazing list of drinks.  All I have to say about this place is GO.  Go find it, go experience it, go drink it all in [literally and figuratively].And if you see a girl in a flapper dress staring off into space, just ignore her...
<review# 1282,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/17/2011,10/18/2011,23,333,,3,3>Overall: Upscale but low-key dining/drinking experience as long as you go late-night. Food/Drinks: One of the most impressive wine lists in the city. Lots of by the glass & bottle options and the prices are very reasonable. But can we talk about the nachos? My friends and I affectionately call them the "life changing nachos." Let me preface that by saying I'm not a huge nacho fan by nature (meaning fake goopy cheese, ground beef, tomatoes & sour cream.) These nachos are different - black beans and/or chicken, cream cheese, white cheddar & jalapenos (salsa on the side.) It's all piled on a plate and popped in the oven to get warm and melty. One of my favorite things to do after a long week is to go have a glass of wine and the nachos late on a Saturday night. Atmosphere: Typical dinner time can get pretty busy and there's usually a wait (even though the restaurant is fairly large.) My advice is to go "late night" (9 or 10) and eat off the more limited menu. It's much quieter/low key.Cost: Nachos are $10, and a cheap glass of wine is about $6. Entrees off the actual dinner menu start at about $20.
<review# 1283,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/11/2011,10/17/2011,38,244,,4,5>I'm so glad I stopped in at Katy K because it's the most fun I've had shopping in a long time - and I didn't even buy anything!  There is so much glam and kitsch and love packed into one little space.  I peeked into the first little room which is its own boutique called Closet Case Vintage... there were so many beautiful, quality pieces that I would have snatched up in a second if I had the money.  The rest of the shop houses western wear such as shirts, boots, buckles, hats and bolo ties, as well as rockabilly and retro women's clothing in a range of sizes from XS-3X.  It's a little bit pricey - one embroidered western shirt was $120 - but absolutely worth it if you're looking for authentic western wear.
<review# 1284,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/7/2010,10/16/2011,55,201,6,6,6>I feel as though I need to update my review and really call out people that haven't the faintest of a clue when it comes to real Indian food.  Woodlands is the most authentic Indian joint in town, period.  You can't find dosa's, special thali's, or a variety of different curries anywhere else in the Nashville area.  Paul, maybe you failed to notice your surroundings, but the majority of the customers at Woodlands are Indian.  They probably just like the idea of Indian food, but can't handle the spices.  lolol
<review# 1285,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/15/2011,10/15/2011,119,224,8,6,7>No surprises here with another 5 star review for Nashville's finest cup o' joe. My only recommendation against going would be if you are 'white chocolate caramel macchiato frappa-hoozie' gal. I mean, obviously you don't like coffee, you enjoy milkshakes. But even if you are the aforementioned 'shake with a touch a coffee' person, Roast Inc might be able to change your mind with their pure unadulterated passion for fresh roasted, ground and intricately brewed cup of, you know, actual coffee. Its artisanal without being trendy and the staff is knowledgeable as heck without being snooty. That, my yelp friends, is a RARE find and I am so happy its in the fledgling coffee world of Nashville. I mean, this place would hold up in San Fran or Portland. Yup, that good. So far my faves are the pour over method and the iced coffee.Roast also offers a limited breakfast menu and roasting classes, how fun would that be?Oh and you frappa-whatchamajiggy ladies? They have a nutella latte you will dig ;)
<review# 1286,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/8/2011,10/14/2011,46,758,,3,3>I have been to the McDougal's over by Vanderbilt several times, and where that one fails this one succeeds.  Our order was ready in about 10 minutes, I haven't had that kind of turn around at the other location, and that was pretty much the only thing I could ever find wrong with it!I dare say I like these wings better than Buffalo Wild Wings. The Honeybee Sauce is beyond good!  The portions of the large basket are enough for two meals, and there is plenty of seating at this location.Outstanding!
<review# 1287,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/11/2013,3/5/2014,20,70,3,5,5>A Nashville institution.  Freshly made every day, in every variety you can fathom.  The staff is always cheerful and helpful, and the prices are reasonable.  Try the Maple Bacon donut.  Mmm...
<review# 1288,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/17/2013,3/4/2014,26,166,1,8,3>I'm sure most people don't plan on their first night in a new city involving trip to Urgent Care. I didn't either! I had just arrived that night on a plane from Seattle, meeting my husband who had been driving our belonging across country for the last 3 days. I had taken a spill 3 days before, but had been convinced it was just a sprain. My husband saw right through that and insisted we get xrays. Sadly, there was nothing nearby that my insurance would take and it was getting late in the evening. We stopped in at this CareSpot, not really knowing what they offered but hoping we could at least get a consultation. Much to our surprise, they were able to get me in with just 15 minutes to close (on a Saturday night no less). They provided a wheel chair to get me in the door. The lobby was extremely clean and bright, and the staff was friendly and cheerful. They did xrays and we learned that it was fractured. Boo! They had a physicians assistant there to review and go over the details with me. He was so amazingly kind and patient. They asked for us to wait while he called in my prescriptions to be sure that the pharmacy didn't have any problems. Well above and beyond what they had to do. They sent me off with a very cool splint (it set right there in the office) and crutches. I even got a personal phone call from the PA a few days later to see how I was doing. This all for $75 out of pocket. Unbelievable. The location was fantastic. Extremely clean, well suited for care and staffed with the most caring, gracious and attentive folks I have ever come across. This was a terrible situation made so much better by CareSpot. Thank you!
<review# 1289,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/2/2014,3/3/2014,111,543,4,7,4>Odd, it's a microbrewery that I like and would drink most of their beers. This is a rare place indeed.The taproom is new, looks new, these are not things I like in a brewery but I'll survive. I'm so happy something interesting in the world of brew works has made it to the general area of the Nolensville/Thomson Lane intersection. For the most trafficked area in Nashville it's seemed wholly devoid of anything other than title loans, Mexican food, churches, car dealerships, and adult shops.And for those coming into the area via 65, it's back far enough that you can get to it during rush hour and sit out traffic should you need to.Place is kid friendly, I was that dude bringing the baby into the taproom and there were four families with six kids with their kids in the taproom. Rugrats cleared by about 6 on Saturday,Bathrooms are one seaters, have been attacked by Googly-Eye pasting bandits already... ok Church of Wheaton, we got it, Googly Eyes are amusing.Seating is communal or belly up to a bar facing the brewery, or sit it out on the sidelines. It was the second least uncomfortable communal seating I've had, so there was that.I'll be back, probably too much...
<review# 1290,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/3/2014,3/2/2014,69,394,4,6,4>Such a nice theater to have in Nashville! It's a nonprofit, so tickets are beyond reasonable. Very talented little troupe. Like some other reviewers, I found one play to be just this side of a root canal, while others have been truly entertaining. But my minime was delighted with each and every one, so it's all worth it. Lovely space, plenty of parking, convenient location.
<review# 1291,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/2/2014,3/1/2014,85,236,6,8,4>UGH! Why didn't someone call me and TELL me this was a non-profit. I would have put my 'non-profit judgy-ness' hat on instead of the usual 'Grr...I'm a grumpy consumer'  hat on. I'll totally give the place snaps for warm/weird vibe but really, do I need the crazy lady in the corner making laps around the place pan handling while we are working? I'm sure this is mecca to the Hillsboro High students who are a block away and, in fairness, the hot chocolate was bad arse...warm and spiced with I dunno what? Crack? Vanilla? Cinnamon? At least two of three anyway.  But seriously nutty chick, if I can't get my work done, we're both gonna be homeless so lets give that stuff a rest.
<review# 1292,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/7/2013,2/28/2014,52,174,2,10,8>There is every other coffee shop in town and then there is Crema. I know that's a pretty bold statement seeing how more than one good coffee shop has sprung up in Nashville over the past couple of years. It's almost as if we are in a coffee bubble. Some of those other shops are pretty great but every time I go to one of them I can't help but ask myself "Why would I want to come here when I can just go to Crema?"The clientele and staff might be what some would call hipster. These days I tend to think that is just a synonym for younger and trendier than whoever is making that comment but whatever. The thing is, that kind of vibe usually comes with an air of pretension. You won't find any of that here at all. The staff are the friendliest and most unpretentious you can imagine. Even though they are incredibly knowledgeable and serious about their coffee they are never condescending and always accommodating. Case in point: I've also never had them scowl at me when asking for a substitute of non-fat milk instead of whole milk. I wish I could say the same about some of the other snootier local shops.The first drink I ever had here was the Cuban which was a hell of a way to start. It's a lovely concoction built like a latte but with sweet condensed milk. It's incredibly rich and decadent if you are into sweeter coffee drinks.  While I do enjoy the lattes here my real true love is the coffee soda - a wacky iced drink with Demerara sugar, carbonated coffee, and topped off with orange expression, That almost reads more like an old fashioned than a coffee drink and it pretty much looks looks like one when it's served. It's very unique and without a doubt my favorite coffee drink of all time.If you follow them on any social media you will see lately they have been taking origin trips to their sources in other countries. I think that shows an incredible passion that most other shops can't live up to. They also hold coffee classes every week which cover a whole range of topics in the art of brewing.  Just further proof of how serious this place is about their craft. Given that, it should be no surprise that they were chosen to team up with the new Strategic Hospitality project The Pinewood Social across the street. With the people who brought you the Catbird Seat and its former chef at the helm it's pretty obvious they agree that Crema is the best.
<review# 1293,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/7/2014,2/27/2014,29,79,5,9,7>It's not often that I come straight home after leaving a restaurant and write a review, but I just had one of those experiences that compelled me to do just that!  Wanting to break our normal mexican night out routine, my husband and I decided to cross the river (yes, we live in East Nasty and LOVE it!) and give Boca Loca Cantina a try.  I had heard about their awesome happy hour specials and had to check it out for myself and GLAD I did!We went on a Tuesday night when they have 2/1 tacos and $3 margaritas.  These aren't your normal run of the mill tacos...these are artisan street style tacos!  They start by making their corn tortillas (gluten-free) and fill them with awesomeness.  Our server also told us that they only use hormone free meats!!  So, since we were here on 2/1 taco night, we ordered one of each taco!  They were ALL wonderful, but I must say that my faves were the Corona Fried Fish (which was super fresh tasting and CRISPY...just the way I like it!) and the Carnitas (the pickled onion put it over the top for me!).  Our server told us they were adding Ahi Tuna, Spicy Shrimp, Red Snapper and Duck Carnitas tacos (whhhhaaat!?!?! - I've died and gone to heaven)  to the menu and they roll out on Friday, Jan. 10, 2014.  I bet you can't guess where I'll be this weekend. :)Although I could go on about the food, we all know that service can make or break the dining experience. Everyone from the Host who greeted us and gave us the 411 on the warmest table in the restaurant on this chilly night, to our Server, Jennifer (who was so informative about the menu and attentive) to the Chef (who actually made a point to personally speak to each table) each of them made us feel right at home and we WILL be back!In closing, I HIGHLY recommend you swing by 2000 Belcourt Ave and give this place a shot...you won't be disappointed!
<review# 1294,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/7/2014,2/26/2014,105,145,8,11,7>In my ongoing search for great liquor stores that understand the importance of Nashville's (almost) local liquor, I have neglected to speak of the one closest to my home. That was a mistake as they are one of the best in town.Pour Vous is actually two stores in one, a large liquor store on one side and a great beer and accompaniments store on the other. Due to Tennessee's archaic and absurd liquor laws, they cannot occupy the same store - after all, if one allowed the purchase of tonic and limes in the same place that one sells gin, why then the very heavens may fall in, dogs and cats would start living together, in short, total anarchy. Fortunately the great State of Tennessee in its infinite wisdom saves us from this demise.Anyway, back at Pour Vous, they dont let any of this nonsense slow them down. Want growlers of beer - go through the little doorway and you have your choice of hundreds, included a dozen different ones on tap for growlers. Plus all the condiments, stir sticks and mixers on could ask for.Of course, while Tennessee relegates 'regular' beer to the condiment aisle, high gravity beer gets to swim with the big boys in the liquor store (because that makes sense?) Apparently they have a great selection and get some very hard to find beers because as I was settling in to a movie night with the misses a week or two ago, one of my friends from Bellevue called and ordered me to run (or drive fast) over to get him some incredibly rare beer before it was all gone. But back to whats important - if you are there for the bourbon, then you are in the right place. This store has a deep selection of wines and gins and vodkas and everything else other people care about, but for me, I could not care less (except to buy the boxes of wine that keep y wife happy, of course). But their bourbon cup runneth over. Set next to the ryes and the scotches and other inferior whiskeys, is a solid selection of brown goodness. Equally important, they have an educated sales force that knows of the beverages of which they sell.I am rather finicky when it comes to liquor stores. Pour Vous is deserving of the excellent reputation they are quickly aquiring.
<review# 1295,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/16/2014,2/25/2014,814,132,5,13,8>This small little donut bakery is located in one of Hermitage's oldest shopping centers! I can imagine baking donuts is a hard job, let alone running the business...it's one of those jobs that starts in the wee hours of the morning so that the donuts are freshly made daily!Yeu, the owner, serves not only your common popular donuts, but he also serves donuts with bacon on top, apple fritters, pigs in a blanket, breakfast pastries, and  kolaches....in addition to these yummy treats...he makes doughssants....they are what seems to be a scandalous marriage of a donut and a croissant...!!!!!!!! Need I say more? Yeah...you heard me. A doughssant! Worth the trip just to eat one of these! Prices are considerably cheap! The doughssants are only $1.99 each! The regular donuts are about $.60 each! These sweet donuts are my favorite treats to buy for my kid's school teachers...and they love them! Coffee also served here!
<review# 1296,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/6/2013,2/24/2014,53,171,7,9,6>i got here at 11:15 on a saturday morning, looking forward to some life-changing brisket and macaroni.  unfortunately, a lot of other a-holes had raided and depleted them the evening before. jerks (the customers, not employees).but, i'll give them 5 stars for what i didn't try, because it has to be good if they were raided by savages of it. i did however get some ribs. a lot of ribs. they were awesome.  they were huge. like dinosaur sized.  they were tender. they were succulent. they were moist, and flavorful, and needed no additional bbq sauce at all. they were perfect. so perfect, they  probably really came from the "mythical" pegasus. i like this place. i like these people. you will too. if you don't, i'll assume you kick puppies and make babies cry.
<review# 1297,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/23/2013,3/22/2013,197,43,2,10,4>I'm going to be completely transparent and say that my 4-star rating may be based almost entirely on my excitement to have a coffee shop in my Germantown neighborhood. My first visit was on day four, so I expected it to be a trial and error process, but it seemed that they had things pretty locked in. The menu of crepes is quite vast, although their additional offerings weren't (there were none). Coffee was average, I still prefer Crema for best tasting brew. And with Crema's sister store (Beve) going into Germantown later in the year, TRB's gotta step up their game to compete. I'll definitely be back to set up my laptop and mobile office, while strategically tackling the large menu of Sweet, Savory, and Breakfast crepes.
<review# 1298,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/21/2012,3/20/2013,42,110,4,6,4>Dear Joey's House of Pizza, welcome to my Best of The Best list.I was in the mood to try something new, as the options around SoBro I usually frequent had gotten a bit tired.  Then I hear about Joey's... and decide pizza sounds great.I walked in, ordered, and my slice of pizza is thrown in the oven to heat up.  Now, let's talk about this "slice" of pizza.  A huge slice of the Gladiator (pepperoni, sausage, and mozzarella), on two paper plates.  I SAID TWO paper plates.  This thing is massive, I expect it to be like a Mitch Hedberg bit "You can't be like pancakes... all exciting at first, but then by the end you're sick of em."  It wasn't like that at all, every bite was better than the last. The side of sauce just helped coat each bite in sinful marinara goodness.  I'm up there with the Ninja Turtles in the amount of pizza I've consumed in my life, and this is one of the best I've ever had.  Ever.  The rest of my afternoon was spent in a food euphoria due to the great lunch I'd just consumed.With a very convenient location near Fesslers on Elm Hill Pike, it's a great option for the SoBo working crowd.  I can't recommend it enough, great eats.
<review# 1299,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/19/2012,3/19/2013,10,306,,3,2>I like salons that feel a little private. Not too crazy. Not too much hubbub. Just a place to relax, have a nice conversation with a stylist who is friendly and who knows what she is doing.Tamara is clearly a pro.And she's nice. And her salon is comfortable.What else do you want?Oh, you want the ability to make reservations on the Internet and to pay for your haircut on an iPad?  Well, you can do that too at Ardon House so I guess they've got everything covered :)ps - Parking in the lot behind the building can be tight. And I'm still not sure if the alley leading to that parking lot is 1-way or 2-way. Either way, it's a little dicey. I'd suggest leaving a little extra time and maybe trying to find street parking.
<review# 1300,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/29/2012,3/18/2013,43,166,2,9,3>One of the fun and not so fun parts about moving to a new city is trying out new places for all your glam lady requirements.  Finding a new waxer falls in that not so fun category!Can I get an Amen for Yelp and Wax Pot?  It's located in a cute little house that's been turned into a salon/spa.  Jessica was super nice and friendly, which definitely puts you at ease.  Plus you can book appointments online and you might just be able to snag a same day one like I did.  What I really liked about Wax Pot was how thorough of a job they do.  They use little itty bitty strips to remove the wax which makes perfect clean lines and really gets everything!  Plus since the amount of hair being pulled at a time is smaller it's less painful!  I've been getting bikini waxes for years and have never had such a great wax!Count me in as a future regular.
<review# 1301,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/29/2012,3/17/2013,103,88,1,8,3>Took my girlfriend here for her birthday during restaurant week. I had put a note on my reservation that I wanted to sit outside in the back area and upon arrival was told it was full and would take 45+ minutes to sit out there so that was a bit disappointing. Still sat outside on the side area, but not quite as nice although still enjoyable. Our server was very nice and did a good job overall. Food was excellent, enjoyed every course, we ordered 3 separate dishes for each course so we could share half and half and got to enjoy a lot of tasty food. Girlfriend had the wine pairing which seemed to go well with the dishes presented. Overall very nice place and will be back in the future.
<review# 1302,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/5/2012,3/16/2013,95,226,5,2,5>Not freakin bad at all!Came in here Saturday night to take my moms out to eat. You know, do some mother/son bonding, catching up, and stuffing faces. We drove around for a bit trying to decide where we would eat. Since it seems like Murfreesboro gets a new place every other week, we try to stay abreast of the eateries and try them out after they open. After we failed to find a place, I went to Yelp. Sort by rating and Open now... And... BINGO! This place popped up!We both got enticed by the menu online. It really sounded good! When we got there we were given a current menu and a few minutes to read it over. Mom decided on the Reuben, my girl decided on the Build you own sammich, and I went with the recommended THICK-CUT SMOKED SLAB BACON BURGER. Yeah.. SOunds impossible doesn't it? Well, The truth is it wasn't that bad of a burger! The bacon was great and the burgers tasted fresh and the main thing was that they.... tasted! So many joints these days don't have any taste to their burgs. This place does. Little salt, little pepper, fresh meat. BOOM!!!  It's really that easy folks. So burger was good. Fries... Meh.. They were better than a fast food joint. Mom's Reuben... BANG!!  That sucker brought the heat!!!  It was good!Girl's build you own?  Not for me, but that was her choice. Just picked some things that shouldn't have been put together. It's not her fault!!  She just didn't know any better!!!  :) Love ya Babe!!After it was all said and done we went back to the counter and boldly ordered a couple piece of the chocolate covered bacon and the peanut butter/chocolate covered bacon. YEAYAHH!!!!  It was like a lil John concert in my mouth!!  WHAT???  YAYEAH!!!!!!!Good meal overall, especially considering where you're at. It's a 2 or 3 star in New Orleans or New York. 4-star in Nashville/Murfreesboro!!! Either way, i'll be back.
<review# 1303,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/27/2012,3/15/2013,40,134,,4,4>I had a really wonderful and relaxing experience at o liv today. It had been a super stressful time with a blossoming head cold and a new workout regimen that was leaving my muscles too tight. I thought a massage with a scalp treatment and the add on eye treatment would help to banish the headache and loosen up the muscles. Angela, my massage therapist, was able to accomplish everything I hoped--it was super relaxing and I still feel great. The spa was really adorable and comfortable and I loved the atmosphere. Definitely a place to go back to!
<review# 1304,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/14/2012,3/14/2013,44,367,,4,3>A friend and I checked out the Saturday Brunch here a few weeks ago and we were not disappointed. We split an omelette with gruyere cheese (that cheese...), which made it delicious but not out of this world amazing. But not their fault; an omelette's an omelette.However, I will be coming back for their pastries. Come here just for the PASTRIES alone. Holy moly. Croissants, jam... and while the name escapes me, I had one of their daily specials which was a dressed up version of bread pudding - and I don't even like bread pudding! But I loved it.
<review# 1305,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/11/2012,3/13/2013,186,329,4,8,2>Been going here since we got a smoker in September, and somehow I have not written a review (probably because I have forgotten to check-in and I use check-ins as my reminder to write reviews...).Love PRB.The proprietors of PRB sell everything you'd need:(a) Beef - Check(b) Veal - Check(c) Whole Chicken or Chicken Breasts - Check and check(d) Lamb - Check(e) Turkey for Thanksgiving - Check(f) BaconLook, they are a whole animal butcher.  If it comes from the animal, they have it.  It may not be in the display case but perhaps you should just ask for it.  Example:  I needed some hog jowl for red beans and rice that I made recently.  Just went to PRB and bought some hog jowl.  Did I have to ask for it?  Sure.  Were the guys in there as awesome as always?  Absolutely.Sometimes, they run out of popular items like ribs on Football Saturdays and Football Sundays in the South.  But, that is to be expected in my book.  Just a testament to the excellence of the cuts of their meat.  If they have either run out or do not have it that week (because everything is local), then they are great advice givers on something different that you did not think of or on something comparable (probably just a different cut you did not know).There's also specialty cheeses sold at PRB.  The ladies running the cheese biz know their cheese.  Their cheese heads... without the obnoxious green jerseys and Green Bay accents...  Get you a cut of meat and plan how to cook it with the butcher's and then head straight to the cheese desk for a lesson on what cheese to pair with it.Need a rub?  No, not a massage, a BBQ rub for that Pork Shoulder.  Conveniently (or smart business...), the gentlemen of PRB make that from scratch as well and sell it in the store.  They will be the first to tell you that they don't like too much "heat", so the rub is pretty mellow but mighty tasty.  Plus, you can always add your own pure habanero casein or something equally diabolical to it at home to really gas your guests flavor thermometers.  Me?  I'll stick with mellow on most occasions.I have not purchased the 50/50, but it sounds like a dream.
<review# 1306,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/6/2012,3/12/2013,55,242,,6,2>My new favorite spot in town. Where else can you get authentic fish and chips, play darts, drink a boddingtons on tap, and watch soccer with a Manchester United flag hanging on the wall? The staff is stupid friendly, and the food is above average bar food. As I mentioned, fish and chips are delicious. My wife got the curry (I know, curry at an Brit joint) and it was really, really good. It had fresh beets, cauliflower, carrots, and other fall veggies tossed in a really tasty curry sauce. Their beer selection is fab as well. You can get a selection of Brit beers on tap that you can't get anywhere else in the city. The only problem with Fleet St is the parking situation. Although, I pay $4 to park at the library and walk 2 blocks. It's totally worth it.
<review# 1307,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/8/2014,10/31/2014,2,11,4,6,4>I live in Nashville and went to the "Southern" last night with a couple of work colleagues and my spouse and we all had a great time.My wife and I started at the bar while we waited for others to join us.  I had a couple of Bloody Marys and she had a couple of their signature cocktails.  Bar service was excellent, the staff was pleasant and helpful.For dinner, she had the chicken fried chicken on Mac-n-cheese - it was very tasty.  I and my two colleagues had the "Nudie Suit" custom cut steaks.  For the Nudie experience, you walk over to the chef and hand select your steak, and he'll cut it to your liking if required.  The ribeye cuts are dry aged and the prime cuts are wet aged.  You pay market price for this.I chose a 20 oz. ribeye steak with the bone in (aged 18 days I believe) and one other colleague had a 22 oz. ribeye.  The chef also had a 38.5 oz. prime cut that he said he would cut to order.  The last person in our party opted for the full 38 oz. cut!   You should have seen the chef's eyes. :-)Dinner arrived and everything was cooked to perfection - medium rare.  With dinner I had a couple of glasses of Woodford double oak bourbon (2 fingers each) on the rocks with a splash of water - really paired well with my steak.  The others had some wine, and seemed to enjoy it.For my colleague that ordered the 38 oz. steak, the manager delivered it personally and ensured it was cooked to his liking.  When the check came, they even gave him a tee-shirt!  lolTruly an excellent dining experience.  We'll be back.
<review# 1308,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/5/2013,10/30/2014,11,14,2,5,3>The quest for the best (burger).My friends and I are constantly bickering about the best burger in town, and The Pharmacy always rates high on our list. Let's get started on the Pros and Cons.Pros: So many. The first thing one will notice is the atmosphere. It is absolutely charming. The indoor dining area is almost cozy, with a dark wooden finish - they really play into the idea of a "parlor" and it works. The outdoor seating area is equally yoked, adorned with small Christmas style light strings - it's great for eating outdoors. The service has always been very good as well, no complaints in that category. Since I usually end up going to the Pharmacy for a burger and fries, I can only comment on that. My burger is always cooked to the requested temperature and, let me tell you, they are delicious. They have many different pre-assembled options when it comes to picking what you want on your burger, or you can always pick your own toppings. The bread is what really stands out though. It's almost like potato bread, and it works extremely well as a bun and is quite unique to The Pharmacy. Their truffle fries are delicious, but that's about all I can recommend in that category. Their drink selection is also FANTASTIC. I don't drink alcohol, but their selection of non-alcoholic drinks is probably the best in Nashville.Cons: A few. First, there's not a lot of indoor seating so in the winter and inclement weather you can expect a wait. And since there is no waiting area, you're standing outdoors in the very same bad weather that's causing the wait. The sweet potato fries are also very standard, as if they were frozen from a bag. Their beef is also fairly bland, they don't quite season it enough and they lose out on a significant way to inject more flavor into their food. This is why The Pharmacy makes a really good burger instead of the best.Conclusion: Go out of your way to eat here, it's worth the trip and time. Order the truffle fries. Order an orange cream soda :)
<review# 1309,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/6/2014,10/29/2014,251,441,3,3,3>We found The Grilled Cheeserie food truck at Green Door Gourmet's annual Fall Fest, and I'm really glad we did! In a few short years, the Cheeserie has climbed to the top of the Nashville food truck scene. They've been featured on Food Network's "Diners, Drive-Ins and Dives," and they've been voted best food truck three years running by both The Tennessean and Nashville Scene. With those credentials, I knew it would be delicious. We went all out and ordered the Why I Autumn Melt (their special "Melt of the Moment"), the B&B Melt, and a Cookie Melt for dessert.The Why I Autumn Melt is the perfect grilled cheese for fall: smoked gouda, Benton's country ham, caramelized apple and fig mustard, crispy kale, and buttered leeks on pumpkin-seeded multigrain bread. Needless to say, this sammich has quite a lot going on. The pumpkin bread was crusty and grilled just right. I found a nice tartness from the apple/fig mustard, and the ham added some much-needed savory notes. The creamy gouda tied the whole thing together quite well. My wife didn't care for the greens, which were admittedly a little bitter. All in all, I was really happy we gave this melt a try.Next up was the B&B, which is one of The Grilled Cheeserie's normal menu items. It doesn't have near as many ingredients as the first one we tried, but it still sounded amazing: buttermilk cheddar, Benton's bacon, and peach jam on multigrain bread. The salty and delicious Benton's bacon (if you haven't had it, you definitely need to) paired nicely with the sweet peach jam. I like specialty breads, but the buttery multigrain was perfect in its simplicity. My only regret was that I had to share half of this sandwich with my wife.We were both pretty full by this point, but the Cookie Melt sounded too good not to devour: a Mexican chocolate cookie, dulce de leche, and pumpkin marshmallow. It was certainly messy to eat, but delicious nonetheless. The abundant cinnamon in the Mexican chocolate cookie had a nice bite to it, and the dulce de leche was almost like caramel. The marshmallow had only minimal pumpkin flavor to it, or perhaps it was simply masked by the other stronger flavors. Regardless, this was a great note to end on.The Grilled Cheeserie is definitely worth checking out!
<review# 1310,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/15/2014,10/28/2014,28,78,,2,2>When you have a simple menu of salads, soups and sandwiches, quality ingredients make all the difference, and they know that at the Food Company. You won't find processed turkey on the sandwiches here. The sandwiches, soups and salads have a touch of imagination which sets them apart from other places; the absolutely delicious cubano includes a nap of chipotle crema, the spinach salad has a Southwestern twist with corn salad and a lime vinaigrette.The refrigerator case has a nice selection of salads, starters and entrees for takeout ease. I am particularly fond of the egg salad - it is a little heavy on the mayo so you can't indulge too often, but the celery and onion enhance the creamy, simple goodness. The tarragon chicken salad is also fantastic - the old Silver Spoons recipe is my guess.  I haven't tried the catering service, which includes some of the staples of the restaurant menu along with other soups, dips, entrees and sides. I do wish they would put more of the sides that are on the catering menu in the to-go case.
<review# 1311,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/27/2014,10/27/2014,6,55,2,3,3>Looks like - perhaps I should say, "tastes" like Sal's is back; back to making great pizza and a whole lot more. This family-friendly pizza shop may have and a small hiccup in its quest to bring their customers the best, when they changed their dough recipe and also switched from pre-made to hand-breading their calamari. But that little bump in the road has disappeared.Sal's has everything you would want for a quick lunch break, dinner with the family, or FUN time for the kids after a ball game. Sal's starts by doing their pies "your way"... order the toppings and desired "doneness" for your pie and Sal's will make it happen.Check the lunch special on the dry-erase board: usually a couple of slices and a drink, or a special sub, or maybe just a salad - all for a great price.My all-time favorite remains - the "Eggplant Parmigiana"...breaded, tender slices of eggplant smothered in savory sauce and topped with bubbly cheese. You can have it as a filling appetizer or full-blown meal with pasta and a salad. Jalapeño Poppers really do "pop" with flavor-crisply fried coating, and creamy cheese filling to temper the heat of the peppers just right.Did I mention their sauces are homemade? You bet they are! And, they're good. (On our most recent visit our 16 month old grandson grabbed a (partial) cup of marinara from the table and licked it clean. It's that good.) The pizza crust is New York style - you can order it thin, well done and then hold it up - it won't flop onto your lap. Another plus: the puffy, bubbly rim; that's good yeast-raised pizza. By the way, "well-done" is just that...not scorched or burned...it's beautifully browned, well done!Wings...are just ok. But, there are plenty of other options for great appetizers as well as full meals.Salad? Absolutely! The Antipasto is classic...and a good size to boot.Travel note: Hand-breaded calamari - best eaten on the spot; it doesn't carry well if you have it as a take-out. (Hot out of the deep fryer its's great. But for carry-out it steams a bit in the travel pan and loses some of its crunch.) Don't forget dessert - Sal's has that covered too. That is, if you have room.
<review# 1312,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/26/2014,10/26/2014,3,6,3,3,3>Are you looking for pizza that is not the same ol run of the mill pizza chain? I have been searching for one the past few years in the area and keep being disappointed. The other night my husband and I meet some friends at Skyking to try it out. Wasn't expecting much as it was in small town Kingston Springs, though quickly after arriving it all changed. Went on a Wednesday night which is not a normal busy night people go out for pizza, though as we got there around 7pm the large parking lot in the back was packed. Finally found one of the last 2 spaces available. We walked in the the back door and was greeted by the bar tender and fire burning oven with hot pizzas coming out. The place was packed and there was a nice vibe of down home. Very relaxing.The waitress was very quick in getting our drink orders and answering any questions we had about the menu. My husband and I want two different types of pizzas but knew we couldn't eat it all. They had no issue balding our pizza. My half got the Very Veggie, oh yum, highly recommend even if you don't like veggies. They use pesto in place of pizza marinara and it made the pizza. My husband got the weekly special, rattlesnake, the waitress warned him it had a bit. We both like spicy food and was intrigued. The rattlesnake was a little disappointing. It mainly tasted like Frank's Red Hot sauce one not very spicy. Next time will try another pizza. Our table shared cheese bread. They were so good. The cheese tasted so fresh. Some at our table orderdd a side salad. It was a good size salad. We will probably get this next time and share it. The waitress shared the dessert menu and none of us could turn down the good Ness. They had and expresso gelato and skillet chocolate chip cookies topped with ice cream. Mmmmm, enough said.The place was so laid back and even though they were busy we never felt rushed.I think we have finally found our non-chain pizza joint. We will definitely be returning shortly! It is well worth the drive to Kingston Springs.
<review# 1313,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/18/2013,10/25/2014,6,2,,4,1>I had heard from several people that this place is fantastic, and it also happens to be just down the street, so the boyfriend and I decided to try it out the other night. I am always looking for something new. We both ordered a pasta dish and pizza by the slice. I ordered the tropical pizza (ham and pineapples) and the cheese tortellini with meat sauce. The boyfriend ordered the house pizza and the New York and the beef lasagna. I will start by saying that the pizza was outstanding! The crust was perfect and you could absolutely tell it was freshly hand made. And it had just the perfect amount of sauce to toppings ratio, with the perfect amount of gooey, stringy cheese! If you eat here, do yourself a favor and definitely get the pizza!As for the pasta, the lasagna was good. My tortellini with meat sauce was ok, but the sauce was actually super liquidy. It was much better the next day as leftovers, after the sauce had had time to sit and thicken. It wasn't inedible, but I will totally just stick to the pizza next time!Also, our waiter told us the best time to visit this place in Sunday afternoons from 4-8. They do a buffet then, and end up making every pizza on the menu. I would recommend trying the buffet first, then you would have a better idea of what to order on the next visit.The staff was also super friendly. Our waiter was new and a little too chatty for me, but have us some helpful tips and advice.
<review# 1314,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/10/2014,10/24/2014,71,34,,4,4>Overall:Music City Pizzzaaaaaa!!! LOVE this place! Definitely my go-to for pizza in this city when I want to sit down and enjoy an evening with friends.I brought together a group of friends for my birthday here and they were super accommodating, especially for a Friday night. I called ahead the week before just to make sure, and asked if I could have a drink special as well. They said that I could design my own specialty if I wanted, but I never got my ass in gear quickly enough.We sat at the big "family-style" bar table, since people were going to be coming and going at various points in the evening.The oven is awesome. They usually have their logo splashing across the front of it, but they'll change it out for special events. Think wedding rehearsal dinners where you have pictures of the bride and groom to be on loop over the white canvas.Bathrooms have been remodeled completely with cool flashy color-changing lights - reminiscent of Vegas.They host songwriter nights and have a pretty good space for people to play in the lounge on other nights. Sound can sometimes be really loud and it can be hard to have conversations, but the music doesn't typically start until a little later in the evening, so it's usually not too big an issue if you head there for dinner.There are USB/regular combo outlets at all the tables as well, which is a brilliant idea.The entire restaurant is music themed. There's a giant guitar pick shaped piece of art on one wall highlighting iconic Nashville music culture, designed and created locally. The menus are vinyl covers, some distinctly for MCP, others are repurposed albums. The pizza names are music-themed. It's all about music, and their slogan is "Nashville needs to dance more." This place is fun all around.Food:AHHHHMAAZING. I don't drink, so I always judge places by their food quality. Try anything and everything. I love coming here with a large group so we can order more food and try some of each. The "Bodacious Blue Balls" are phenomenal. Blue cheese wrapped in bacon and fried - I mean, c'mon now. And I don't like blue cheese. But it's wrapped in bacon, and it's like, "Helloooo!! Why didn't I think of this before?!" I also love coming here when I feel like I want something fresh, because their Kale salad is delicious. When was the last time you went to a pizza place and had the option of getting a fresh raw kale salad. Add the feta, cranberries, light vinaigrette, and the little nuts (don't know what they are), and you have a crazy awesome flavor fresh burst with a balance of texture in your mouth.I'd always overhear people asking if they could order by the slice, which isn't an option, but I'm honestly grateful that they don't want to risk the integrity of the pizza by selling by the slice, letting pies sit there under lights until someone orders the piece, etc. Instead, they've introduced the pizza pocket, something that is better than a slice because it's far easier to eat! I haven't had a chance to try it since the "remodel" of the pocket crust (they were still altering the recipe to make it not as thick and a bit more crispy).The pizzas...oh man. The crust is delicious. Chewy, thin, not burnt, but still with that smoky flavor that comes from an oven only like the one they have in this place, that Keith, the owner, had imported from Italy. They're not your average pizza place. Their cheese is made with four different kinds of high-quality cheeses. The Roadie is an amazingly perfect balance of all different meats (sausage is made in-house), and doesn't overwhelm you with the "meat sweats" as you eat it. Try the Sgt. Pepperoni's Pineapple Jalapeño Pizza, which, when ordered, gives $1 to local nonprofit Notes for Notes. $1 from Symphony in Cheese Sharp goes to WO Smith. There are a couple other pizza partnerships, or "record deals" to help support local charities and others that are records deals with local musicians like Alanna Royale and Billups and Dean.They allow substitutions and alterations to the pizzas as well, and Keith is very open to people's feedback about the pizzas, which is great, because I've definitely given him an earful. BUT it's great to know that the owner really does really want to provide Nashville with a music venue with great food, fantastic music, and a solid beer/ wine/ drink selection. Quality of service has room for improvement, but all the servers and hosts are super friendly, just sometimes have that laid-back southern style.They also have dessert pockets (apple pie), which are a perfect end to the night, appealing to the sweet tooth in us all.Expect to pay about $20 for a large pizza (plenty for 3-4 people with an app), enjoy some great live entertainment and refreshments before the show at 12th and Porter next door, and be excited for the day when they get their permit to construct an outdoor patio and you can enjoy everything MCP has to offer in the fresh open air.
<review# 1315,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/2/2014,10/23/2014,2,22,,2,2>The best pizza in Nashville, and it's not even that close.  The place I believe is run by a few folks transplanted from NY (there are a bunch of items referencing the NY Giants, but don't hold me to it) and the Pizza is really good.  I'm originally from NY and one of my peeves about Nashville was its horrible pizza.  It has to mainly do with the water being different and it alters the flavor of the pizza, so it's hard to replicate NY style pizza or pretty much anything that tastes good as far as pizza apparently.  I tried a whole bunch of local places and were disappointed that I was stuck with the national brands for any kind of edible pizza.  It's located in a mall area so there is plenty of parking, and the staff seems really nice, although I've never eaten in here, always ordered out.  The Pizza itself is a bit thin, and definitely thinner than the ones you usually get in NY, but it's pretty tasty.  They have fresh mozzarella as a topping, and I would suggest going for extra cheese because the regular cheese coating can be somewhat on the lite side.  I've also tried the stromboli from here, and they are delicious as well, and fulfilling.   The only downside is that it is a tad bit expensive for a pizza place especially if you like multiple toppings on your pizza pie, but it's worth it if you love pizza and hate the national brands.  They also have online ordering, which makes it much easier to order on their website.  I would try this place atleast once if you like pizza, and I'm convinced most people would love to come back.
<review# 1316,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/13/2013,10/22/2014,32,3,1,6,3>Taste Explosion of Absolute Amazingness!  If you are looking for typical run-of-the-mill Mexican, then don't come to Boca Loca.  Chef David Reyes has authenticated a fabulous menu and I can't stop coming to Boca to try EVERYTHING.The queso with chorizo (I don't know if I am spelling anything remotely correct), is absolutely fabulous, and my friend ordered the corn in a cup and I don't know how much she was actually able to eat of it due to the fact that we passed it around and did not justify taking only one bite.  I am usually not a steak fan at all, but the skirt steak is so well marinated and tender that I HAVE to order one every time now.  The fish tacos are the best in town, and the chicken taco salad is unbeatable.  The in-house made tortillas are delicious.  All together, your taste buds will love this place.The handcrafted cocktails are the best in town, my personal favorite is the Spicy Pina.  It definitely has a spicy kick to it, but I usually cannot stand the sweetness of a typical margarita so this is the perfect balance for me.I absolutely love the atmosphere and find myself playing giant jenga and hanging out here all night long.  When the weather is nice, the garage doors are lifted and the vibe at this place is amazing.  Definitely a go-to and never stop going type of place!  Hope to see y'all there!!!
<review# 1317,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/2/2013,6/1/2014,99,209,2,6,7>After getting a massage nearby I Yelped around seeing what dinner I was going to have.  Three blocks away was Lockeland Table.  This is apparently one of, if not THE best places in East Nashville.  I walked in and the gorgeous hostess said all of their tables were taken, yet nobody was there....its so good people make their reservations and around 7pm or so all fill in and sure enough, every table filled up.  Either way, that's a sure sign this place rocks, so I sat at the front bar.  They also have a pizza bar in the back where you can dine and watch them make their awesome pizzas.A nice selection a craft beers, full bar, and wine, I enjoyed some local brews and ordered their pizza of the day.  One of the best pizzas I've ever had.  Bartender was extremely nice and....... for the Pièce de résistance....I met a fellow sitting next to me - very nice, appeared to be a business owner and doing some business while at the bar.  Started talking and told him I was moving to Nashville in a few months.  This gent bought my entire meal and beers and said, "Welcome to Nashville".  Thank you.
<review# 1318,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/25/2014,5/31/2014,186,329,7,7,4>Oh. My. Lord. Who is Gabby, and can we make out... with burgers in our mouths?There was once a Talk thread about burgers, and everyone kept listing Gabby's.  Ya know things like I.Heart.Gabby. and holy-bejesus and nom nom nom nom drool drool nom nom... these were the comments of my Elite Yelp peers.  Plus, Jason S. said "Go there."  I've found it's futile not to do as Jason S. says.Gabby's is a shack down by the Sounds stadium.  I mean it's basically a shack -- I'm surprised there is even a heater and A/C.  There are absolutely no frills going on up in this hizzy.  Get in line, grab a menu when you get close, and once at the cash register just make sure to accept "your kiss".They only use grass-fed beef, because it is delicious.  They only cook their burgers medium but, as the menu says, if you want it well done just tell the cashier to "burn" it.  I personally love it just the way "chef" recommends those delicious mouth-watering burgers. *Imagine Homer Simpson and donuts right now*  Gabby's is committed to grass fed openly grazing beef -- which means it will be the best patty your mouth has ever encountered.  I had a double (because who doesn't) with cheddar cheese (x2), grilled jalapeños, grilled onions, and lettuce.  There's a whole condiment bar but I added the most amazing condiment one can add:  one fried egg.  The oozing yolk upon first bite adds that delicious "condiment" of egg everywhere.  Pure awesome.The french fries - well - they have two choices original fries or sweet potato fries.  Either way, you are consuming a couple potatoes with sea salt fried just cripsy enough on the outside and just soft enough on the inside to be the closest thing to perfect since Scarlett Johansson.Sit at the bar or find yourself a table in the smallish shack because you want to savor this burger.  Gabby's is only open for lunch, except on Fridays where I believe they stay open until 7:00-ish.  Do yourself a favor and eat at Gabby's...  why are you still reading?  Go.  Now.
<review# 1319,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/22/2014,5/30/2014,99,212,3,8,4>I recently attended the Otaku-planned event Extra Large 2 at the Marathon Music Works.While I didn't partake of Gavigan's ramen, my wife and I thoroughly enjoyed the offerings of Ivan Ramen and Shigetoki Nakamura. The food alone was enough to make up for the somewhat lackluster experience. Firstly, if you're going to sell tickets online, why not allow people to print them and bring them to the event? Standing in line for a half-hour to get my ticket from will call followed by standing in line for a half hour to get my ramen wasn't the best beginning to my first Otaku experience. Secondly, and it's not really Otaku's fault, the staff of Marathon Music Works (namely the bartenders) seemed to really have better things to do than serve patrons in a professional manner. While my wife and I waited for service, no less than 5 people approached the bar after us and were served before us. Another gentleman who stood next to us patiently waiting struck up a conversation with me about how we both appeared to be invisible (even though we were both tall, large men) and the bartender decided that it would be appropriate to make a dismissive, sarcastic comment to us instead of apologizing for the oversight.Thirdly, the fact that the concert was happening several hours after the ramen event started, people grabbed tables, ate, and then sat, not allowing later arrivals to sit to eat their ramen. More tables (even of the standing, cocktail variety) would have been a blessing for those of us who were trying to hold a drink and eat ramen at the same time. All that said, I'm a fan of Otaku. I love that we can get some authentic Japanese ramen in Nashville, and I'm sure that Gavigan and her staff are learning from these events. If you do go to an Otaku event, go early and bring your own table/chair :)
<review# 1320,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/24/2014,5/29/2014,18,69,,5,3>Really nice guy making very good coffee. We just grabbed cups of the brewed stuff to take with us. And we almost walked out without paying - that is how easy and relaxing the place is. We did pay, so we will be able to go back for more. Hard core coffee geeks will not be disappointed with the variety of brewing options - pour over, french press, vacume style, etc. something for everyone. The owner has plans to add more comfortable seating and also more breakfasty food items. Sounds great to me. All in all, I'd say this place is off to a good start.
<review# 1321,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/16/2013,5/28/2014,217,312,5,5,3>There are really only two places I go to see movies in this town.  The first is the Belcourt, (yelp.com/biz/belcourt-th) which is just unique and irreplaceable; the perfect place to watch indie films or a Kurosawa retrospective.  But not the place you want to go to see the latest installment of "Thundergun Express".The second place is the Regal Cinema in Green Hills (definitely where Thundergun Express sequels will be be showing.hulu.com/watch/303998I don't ask for much from a theater.  It should be clean, the climate should be acceptable, and they should have good eats.  This theater checks off all three points.  And now they have BEER.  Yeah, they have cheap stuff, but they also have good stuff too, like Yazoo, etc.  AND IT IS CHEAPER THAN SODAS!  I got a beer for $5 and a medium soda was $5.50.  Yes, it is 12 oz of beer vs a 44 oz. soda, but hey, until they start offering a 44 oz beer, I'll take it.  Really makes kids movies much more tolerable.Another great thing about this location is that it is surrounded by great restaurants, so this place is prime for a before or after movie bite to eat and you can have a full date night walking all the way.  Unless you go into the Green Hills Mall parking lot, where a teenage douchebag or trophy wife in a Bentley or Maserati might take you out.  Two more notes:1. The best place to park is the parking garage adjacent to the theater.  I sneak in from the West and you never even have to deal with Green Hill bullshit traffic.2. Once during the summer I saw a family of mice run across the aisle a couple of rows down, and it wasn't Mickey.  All movie theaters as a rule have a problem with mice (think about it, it is a perfect environment), but I would have expected the blue-bloods of Belle Meade to have driven all mice out within a 10 mile radius.
<review# 1322,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/15/2014,5/27/2014,119,224,2,7,3>Before I became a mama, you couldn't have convinced me a brewery was the bomb dot com place to hang out with a baby if you tried. I'd be 100% sure I was being punked. 9 months into mama-hood I'd like to worship at the teet of breweries - being excellent places to hang with families. My first intro to Fat Bottom was at a beer festival and it was awful, that being said, I am glad I was lured back into trying their actual location because they have (in order of things I love about it) 1. an awesome outdoor space - pretty landscaping, shade, rain covering, corn hole. Rad. 2. Happy hour - I am cheap and I love happy hours. 3. decent beer now - pretty solid stuff. I am generally a porter/stout girl. The offerings are pretty good, but oddly my favorite  is the Ginger Wheat Ale, very balanced! 4. Good bar food - I've had a good veggie burger and a cuban style pork belly sandwich with local pickles and mustard. They support other businesses like themselves, very nice. Go support them!PS - they offer tours for $5, but I'd call ahead. Some friends had issues with miscommunication from the website.
<review# 1323,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/14/2014,5/26/2014,44,207,2,7,5>I finally got tickets here using the tried and true method.  Basically I woke up Monday morning and had my browser ready to go before 8am.  I hit refresh and landed 4 tickets at a large table.  First of all, the venue is near the Green Hills mall.  I don't know why this never dawned on me but it didn't.  Why does this matter?  It matters because you need to account for traffic.  We were actually running a little late which was very stressful for me after fighting so hard to get the tickets but the girls at the front desk actually called me.  How cool is that?  I let them know we were close and they held our seats.  It is true what they say about being a listening room.  You do have to be quiet.  That's actually a little hard for me - to sit still that long.  I'm not sure if I would go back based upon the fact that you have to be so still for a couple hours but I'm thankful I got to enjoy it.  The food was mediocre but inexpensive.  The music was very fun.  We had three artist the night we visited and I felt like we had a wonderful range.  We heard everything from Bluegrass to white girl rap.  Give it a try if you can!
<review# 1324,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/1/2014,5/25/2014,29,47,,5,3>The Holy Grail of music venues. The nostalgia, atmosphere, and acoustics were just unbelievable. It sounds so good here. We came here to see the Local Natives and they sounded exactly as they do on the album. It really was as if I were listening to them on my music playing device! The staff here is awesome. They do not police people around like I have seen at other venues. They have ample restrooms and bar areas. I never waited to use the restroom or did I wait longer than two minutes in line for a beer. The ushers were very helpful by making sure everyone knew where they were going. Seating was by old school church pews, but they were surprising comfy and they are well spaced so no elbow touching and shoulder grazing with the creepy unknowns. This is hands down the best music venue I have ever attended.
<review# 1325,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/6/2014,5/24/2014,111,543,4,5,6>My review deals with a response to a sewer clog during March Snowpacolypse 2014. In the many many years of dealing with Metro Water the only encounter I've ever had with them involved a slight problem with autobill, and some misappropriation/disappearance of drain fees that I paid on a rental. So nothing major until this week.Thursday I notice there's standing water in my washing machine, I don't think much about it. Friday I notice there's water around the washing machine and call a plumber. They spend Saturday destroying my back yard to the property line to replace the sewer main from my house. That's $2400 and doesn't solve the issue. I call Metro and they're out there in an hour with a metro steam truck.I'm assuming a steam truck is to blast scalding hot steam into the pipes to clean them, I never really learned as the guys on the steam truck looked at the pipe, the trees behind the place, and said there was no use them being there they needed a TV truck to take a look. They scheduled for Monday.The water seemed to flow for a while, then again with 100 feet of empty new drain we had some space.. started backing up again Sunday night, Monday came and Snowpacolypse hit and I didn't expect them to be out to look, and they weren't. They didn't call me, but then again we were under a state of emergency. I called and talked to an operator who sounded like she was on a cell phone and a computer from 1988. She said I was still on the emergency list and would be gotten to as quickly as possible.Tuesday morning Metro showed with a TV truck, they couldn't access what they needed and said to hell with it, the pipe's 75 years old, the part on the homeowner's property has been replaced to codes, the rest is in an easement and can't be worked on by his people, it's our turn. At least I assume that's what they said. They didn't talk to me too much.About two hours later there are three Metro trucks and four guys on my street and the next. Nobody's doing anything that I can see. I bundle up my baby and venture out to talk to one of the guys sitting in the truck and he tells me they're waiting on a survey team and a backhoe. I ask what the survey team is for and am told it's to mark the absolute end of my property and to guarantee they're not digging across power lines, gas main, etc. The show up about 10 minutes later, don't know what happened next.I heard a backhoe, and thus started the destruction of the easement/alley behind my house. I checked in a couple of times on the people to see if anyone needed anything, I don't think they're allowed to take drinks, muffins, etc but the nine people working politely turned them down.I got back to work inside and noticed at some point nine hours or so in there was no noise. The job was done except for the part they're not allowed to do(filling up the hole on my property my plumber had to leave so they could access the main.)My only complaint about what they did was not knocking to tell me I could poop again. Everyone I dealt with knew it was a shitty situation and did what needed to be done to keep the crap down. poop.
<review# 1326,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/10/2014,5/23/2014,87,122,,10,6>As someone who juices two meals a day and recently moved to nearby Music Row, I'm thrilled to discover this spot. I adore Juice Bar in Brentwood but it's a bit too far out for me to drive regularly, and I haven't been a huge fan of the cold-pressed juices I've tried at Juice Nashville. Enter: The Urban Juicer.I love all the varieties of juices they offer (the pineapple, apple, mint flavor is my favorite to date), and how the employees are willing to tweak a recipe to suit your tastes. At $6 a juice, it's a bit pricey I suppose, but I don't get what everyone is so up in arms about--fresh produce isn't cheap, and the shop has to cover its margins. I'm fine paying that to support a local business and get great quality greens and fruits on the regular.
<review# 1327,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/7/2011,9/22/2011,48,118,1,6,4>Hidden Treasure is over used, and well, its not hidden, so... forget I mentioned it. BUT it is a Treasure, write on the walls! Laugh with the charming staff but definitely try the food! I grabbed items from every plate on the table like a wild eyed raccoon and everything was wonderful! Lots of local ingredients, fresh trout, local bacon, everything was fresh, creative and addicting! We started with wings, not your run of the mill beer chaser wings, these were fried in a lightly spiced batter and came with a dipping sauce that was light and flavorful. We also had lobster pizza, veggie pizza, trout, cheese grits and a California BLT with local bacon, avocado and sun-dried tomato mayonnaise. I'm not kidding it was all slap your momma wonderful! To top it off we got their last chocolate moose. This started an ugly scene of adults pushing children, spoons clashing and a general free for all craze as everyone wanted more of the heavenly chocolate elixir of life!Give it a try you will love it! They are just serving lunch now but more days are on the way so keep and eye out and treat yourself to one of the best new restaurants in Nashville!
<review# 1328,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/31/2011,9/21/2011,15,74,,9,3>This is such a cute, little coffee & tea shop! It's located just down the street from Belmont University. It's located behind a discount liquor store which I find humorous. I'd pick up something here before going to my 3-hour class. Oh, the memories!This place has a retro-style feel that I totally dig. It's not a busy place.I've had the coffee and the tea. The tea selection is pretty awesome. They only use loose leaf tea and brew it for you there. If you're in a super rush, then perhaps, you shouldn't go, 'cause they do allow it to steep properly before giving it to you. I had a Jazzberry Latte (Berry tea + Jasmine tea + Agave + Soy Milk). Warmed my belly up before a big test. They also have food (sandwiches, wraps, baked goods) with vegetarian, vegan, and gluten-free options. The staff is so kind and happy! They even have live music there on certain nights.
<review# 1329,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/1/2010,9/19/2011,19,41,3,3,6>A long time client of Renae at R Squared, I was ecstatic to know they were expanding and relaunching their business as Lucy Pop in the Midtown area of Nashville. I was chatting it up with another client while I was there the other day and she said "I feel honored to be a client here!" -and I really feel her statement puts it best. Even the gated entrance makes you feel like you're part of something elite, but approachable. The color haven makes you feel like you're at a special dinner party (see it to believe it) but without the anxiety... and you're sitting with foil in your hair, lol!! Also, the blow dry bar is probably the most inventive thing I've seen in a Nashville salon... or really any salon in the Southeast (read more on their website). I think this is becoming a bit of a salon "happening" on the west coast and I am not surprised that the Lucy Pop team were the innovators for this in our fair city. Their products are environmentally friendly and WELL worth the buck as party of your salon after care. Part of the business expansion includes an esthetician and I can't wait to visit her after the new year (at that point I'll take any cleansing process available). Thanks again y'all for being the pioneers for the Nashville hair scene - I'll definitely see you soon!! PS: Can you please make me a mixed tape of the awesome tunes playing and let me borrow the lavender eye mask Brannon gave me while my hair was being washed? Thanks.
<review# 1330,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/22/2011,9/17/2011,113,78,3,7,6>When my husband found out that I gave Bombay Palace 4 Stars, he almost joined Yelp for the sole purpose of writing a 5 Star Review.  Ha!  And he is right.  It totally deserves 5 Stars.  We recently dined at Taste of India in Cool Springs, and I was excited to compare the two.  Holy. Cow.  I had no idea what kind of flavor I was missing.  T of I - below average.  BP - Perfection.  Even though Taste is closer to our home, I will drive the extra 15 minutes for this food.  From the moment my hubs and I took our first bite, we instantly looked up at each other and laughed like..."What were we thinking going anywhere else?"  Not to mention, the service is about 10 x's better.  This is THEE Nashvile place for Indian food.  Trust me.  FAVS:1.  Garlic Naan2.  Saag Paneer3.  Chicken Tikka Masala4.  Boti Kebab Masala...and so many more...The manager also came by at the end of our meal, thanked us for coming in - and delivered a free rice pudding with pistachio dessert.  :)
<review# 1331,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/3/2011,9/16/2011,98,238,2,8,5>This place has become my first stop from now on when searching for kitchen gear and equipment. Locally owned (I have come to love visiting and doing business with locally owned businesses), and as such deserves our support, the owner and his staff know what they are taking about. What works, what does not. What is worth your money and what is not.Moreover, with Williams Sonoma dropping much of the Lodge Cast Iron cookware product line from their inventory, this is the only place in Nashville that carries it (that I can find) and carries practically all of the Lodge products. They also have coffee and tea (good-bye Teavana) and did I mention how knowledgeable the staff is? They have to be, as they are putting their own money and time into the company and the products they carry.You can bet I will be returning here often, and I will, as I do with all my favorite businesses, give them first crack at all my purchases, cause I rather give a local company my business than a chain. My only complaint is that they don't carry Shun or Global Knives, so I guess I will see if they will order them for me when I am ready to make that purchase as I rather buy from them than Williams Sonoma, then I will look online for people who know their stuff.Granted traffic and parking in this part of town can be a pain, but for the prices and product knowledge, I wouldn't go anywhere else for Kitchen Equipment.
<review# 1332,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/9/2011,9/15/2011,51,219,2,4,2>Hellllllo Scotch Eggs! I discovered this tasty dish many years ago when Sherlock's was still on Elliston but was disappointed to find out that they are usually served cold. I guess McNamara's has Americanized their version, which pleases my preference, and serves theirs hot. I believe they only offer them as appetizers, but there's enough to make a meal, if you like.  For my entree, I experienced my first ever Bangers and Mash. Quite the tasty dish, indeed. Their sweet potato fries are also a good choice. I'll definitely be back!
<review# 1333,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/11/2011,9/14/2011,130,90,2,4,3>Carnivores beware.. you may just fall in love! If I could eat here all the time (and if my man wasn't such a great cook who never skimps on the meat), I could easily go back to my old vegetarian ways.  The flavors in everything I've tried here are amazing!  Even when I was a vegetarian, I rarely found a veggie burger I liked..  but I am completely hooked on their veggie burgers and actually crave them.  You can get them many different ways--rueben style, animal style (think In-n-Out Burger), California style (w/ avocado), buffalo style, and more.  Included along with their pretty diverse menu are daily specials.  I tried pizza tacos (or something along those lines) a few weeks ago and was truly amazed at how good vegan sour cream could taste.  The tacos were completely delicious and satisfying and surprisingly 100% vegan.They also serve high octane beer, sangria, and more.  Wednesday is Wild Wednesday which means happy hour all day.  During lunch, parking can sometimes be a challenge as the entire Waldon development this is in has become so popular.
<review# 1334,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/13/2011,9/13/2011,136,98,,3,5>A group of us went to Cabana last night to try it out, being new to the Nashville area.  We were seated promptly, even though it was a Friday night and there were 7 of us.  All of the staff were very polite, although a couple of my friends mentioned they had trouble getting the bartender to cash them out, because he was too busy flirting with every girl at the bar.We started out with a couple plates of the sweet potato biscuits with their peach preserves - these are not to be missed!  They're tiny though, so if you want several get a few orders (each order comes with 4 mini biscuits).  We also had the house made potato chips with creamy gorgonzola dip - also really good, but not quite on par with the biscuits.I had a Stoli Harry Navel Martini, which I found to be a little overly sweet, and also a Stoli Cosmo, which was just perfect.  They also serve sangria and a lemon tea-ni, which several of our group enjoyed.  The lemon tea-ni was like an Arnold Palmer with vodka.I ordered their soup of the day, which was a chicken corn chowder, along with a 1/2 TN Cobb salad.  The chowder was really well flavored.  The only change I would have liked was that the chicken pieces were really too large.  I would have preferred a shredded chicken in the soup.  The salad was really tasty.  It comes with apples, pecans, tomatoes, garlic white cheddar, raddishes (which I quickly removed), amazing little chunks of Benton's bacon, and a horseraddish ranch dressing.  I would probably eat anything that had that bacon on it!  It had an amazing flavor, and I thought it made the dish.  The sweet chunks of apple were a nice complement to the saltiness the bacon added.They have several specials throughout the week, including 2-4-1 draft beers and pizzas on Sun-Tuesday, and Ladies' night on Wednesdays with drink and appetizer specials - for the women only!  I'll definitely be heading back for that.
<review# 1335,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/14/2011,9/12/2011,66,262,5,7,4>I when I moved to Nashville, one of the first local 'gifts' I got from a co-worker was a tin of Christie Cookies. Awkwardly I accepted. After one sweet bite I was hooked. Holy crap these are awesome. I never know where they sell them, (Green Hills Mall coffee shop, and the Opry Hotel?) but I do know their online ordering and customer service is great.  (maybe they have a link of their website?) I sent my grandmother (who lives in nursing home) some of these cookies to Michigan. When I saw my grandmother months later, she said they were the best cookies she ever had and all the woman at the home loved them and I really best not forget her, and never ever forget the cookies. I follow CC on facebook and they're always having contests for free cookies or about specials they have coming up. It's been about 2 years since I sent my grandmother that first tin of cookies.  The few times I get home to see her in Michigan she always says "I miss you! How's Nashville! Did you bring me those cookies????"
<review# 1336,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/6/2010,9/11/2011,57,11,4,7,3>Simply, good pizza, and  a lot of it. Sal's is my Friday guilty pleasure spot. On Friday's Sal's has crispy golden calamari on the buffet which makes it all the more attractive. That being said, the real reason I'm there is for the thin, floppy, NY style pizza. The hand kneaded dough has great consistency. It isn't cardboardish whatsoever, and folds nicely as NY style pizza should.  The dough does lack something, however. That certain subtle flavor that truly incredible pizza has, but for a buffet at $9 bucks and some change now you can't complain. The sauce is what really shines, great tang with a hint of fruit that I can't quite put my finger on. Oh, and it's FRESH. The pasta dishes aren't half bad either, but I recommend getting them to order instead of off the buffet, as well, it is buffet pasta. I could review the salad and dessert, but why? We are there for the pizza. The service is as expected, the Italo-hipsters are generally friendly but busy. Recently they remodeled and changed the layout of the buffet to accommodate more pizza and better customer flow. The extra pies really make a difference as the abundance of goodness discourages the slice hoarders. (previously people were stacking up on slices to avoid being stuck without their favorite, leaving others empty handed, or empty stomached until the kitchen could turn out more goodness)   Plan for sometimes difficult parking around lunchtime and go hungry. Your overindulgence awaits.
<review# 1337,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/24/2013,5/15/2013,42,124,2,5,2>Beautiful place!  I went on a Saturday night and the place was packed.  I stayed through the set of old school the DJ played and loved having space to sing and dance (with my friends).  The bartenders were swamped and I only saw one waitress weaving through the crowd.  I had the cran-daddy, virgin mixed fruit drink, which was tangy-sweet.  I also had to sample the hand-cut fries.  I'm not convinced; they were no match for M's fries.  Anyway, people were friendly enough though like most places, mingling seemed to be minimal.  It's best to go with friends, unless you'll be at the bar, but perhaps that's a no-brainer for those of you who hang out more than I do.
<review# 1338,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/3/2013,5/14/2013,81,468,2,3,2>After a few years and business moves, Uncle Bud's is back in town!Catfish is the same (delicious) but no more all-you-can eat.  Didn't eat the chicken, but noticed that their Sunday night special is all-you-can eat fried chicken, which may be in my future one hungry Sunday night.A big change is ordering at the counter, with a drink station where you help yourself.  A server will bring your order to you when it's ready.  Also no more all you can eat beans and cole slaw put on your table before the main dish arrives.Prices seem higher than before, but you get a lot of good food for the money.  Frog legs and gator tail are back, and I'm looking forward to them.Music is not background music and I liked the older country music that was playing (Johnny Cash, Willie Nelson, Hank Williams Jr, Ronnie Milsap, Alabama and so on).
<review# 1339,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/15/2013,5/13/2013,9,41,,2,3>Love this place. The BBQ shrimp app is huge and could make a meal on it's own. The gumbo is excellent, with a plenty of subtle smoky and rich flavors just like my pappy used to make.  I really enjoyed their craft beer selection and plan on headed back for one of their two for one nights for shrimp and boozes. It is a little pricey for how casual the place seems but the serving sizes are very generous.Staff is very nice and friendly. I loved this place when it was in Midtown and I'm soo glad they are back.
<review# 1340,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/22/2013,5/12/2013,10,45,,7,1>One word review: Thought provoking (OK, that's two...)I asked a server how long they've been open, "one day, today is the first day", he replied.  Thoughts of being a first reviewer popped in my head.. But wait, I left my damn smart phone in the car.  If it were a smart phone it would have walked into the restaurant and told me that I'd left it in the car and then it would have started writing my review.  But I digress.I stumbled on Taqueria Del Sol a couple of hours ago on my way through the trendy 12 South District.  My party was warmly greeted by someone who appeared to be either an owner, investor, someone who really cared, or all three.  "welcome", he said.  "Wow", I thought. you don't hear that often enough in a restaurant.  And so, TDS had me at "Welcome". and as Hemmingway would have written - it is a Clean, well lighted place.  Now this wouldn't be a fair review if I didn't mention the things I don't like so let's start there first:* Flour tortillas.  Flour tortillas in a taqueria - that's just wrong.  granted, that is a Texas thing but I would have even preferred a freshly made tortilla vs the store bought version here. nonetheless it was a good store bought version.* Canned Soda.  (especially when Walgreen's has them on sale 3 twelve packs for  10 dollars).* Prices. While not exorbitant - a 17 dollar check for 3 tacos, 2 soups, a soda, and a frozen margarita - well, now that I think about it that wasn't so bad at all so maybe it was...*Portion sizes - at almost 3 bucks a pop I thought that the taco's were a wee bit small - big tortilla little filling.  My educated guess leads me to believe that the fillings were no more than 4 ounces and maybe closer to 3 on a couple of taco's.  for $2.75 I think they could have spared a little extra meat.Granted, I have high expectations for a taco joint (see my scathing review for the last taco joint I visited) so take my comments with a grain of salt.  Having said that,  here is what I liked:* Soups. HOLY COW Harry Caray!  The shrimp and corn chowder and the green chile pork were phenomenal!  Alone these were both worthy of 5 stars each.  The chowder was perfectly seasoned, served hot, and bursting with sweet flavor from the seafood and the corn.  If that weren't enough, they use real cream in this bad boy.  I call it "bad boy" cause it's certainly can't be good for you.  The green chile pork may not have been authentic to where I come from but what a great rendition,  Slightly spicy with a great balance of pork products this soup still reminded me of home, and on a frigid day like today it was a perfect start to this meal.* Guacamole - I'm not going to write home about the chips - come to think of it I probably won't write home about the guacamole but this creamy pile of fresh avocado with just a hint of spice and cilantro was classic.  I enjoy a good guacamole if it is made with a few chunks and just the right amount of love to bring it all together.  This very simple rendition was worthy of my $3.75 albeit a bit small.* Carnita, Fish, and Memphis style tacos were yummy.  each had it's own unique flair and rounded flavor I would give the taco's alone 3 stars based on the flour tortilla and the portion size but so much went into making the stuffings from scratch that I'll throw in an extra star - in a nutshell - 4 stars for the tacos.  * My business partner ordered the cheeseburger taco - I'm assuming that since he devoured the two in under a minute that he enjoyed them... I don't know what else to say.* Fast and Friendly.  you know these guys got it together when they overstaffed the restaurant to get it right.  We were greeted warmly and had more than one person ask about our experience...  extra star for that.* Did I already mention how awesome the soups were?  Well, you know if they've got a chef back there putting out 4 star soups that the rest of the menu can't be half bad.  I know I already gave them 10 stars for both soups but I'm going to add another 1 star for each as a bonus...  Yum...Getting back to my thought provoking, one word review I wonder why Nashvillians are inclined to spend $2.75 for a taco in an "Americanized" taco joint when they can get it for half that price at a Mexican taco joint.  It's inspiring enough for me to want to open my own taco joint.  but in the meantime, these guys are doing a great job and I suspect that they will just keep getting better and better.   I'd highly recommend the corn and shrimp chowder and the pork green chile soups.  The Guacamole is very good and I can't complain about any of the taco's my group had.  They have a full bar including frozen margarita's which makes this a destination spot for some late night eats.  Get a seat while there are still some available - I predict that it's going to be difficult to get in this place very soon.
<review# 1341,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/27/2013,5/11/2013,100,45,,4,1>my favorite pizza joint in nashville!  it's affordable. i get a gigantic slice of pepperoni pizza with extra banana peppers on the side every time i go there.  and it costs less than $4.00!  the crust is thin and crunchy, the toppings are generous, and the sauce is just right.
<review# 1342,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/19/2013,5/10/2013,12,66,,2,4>First time I have ever had gelato, and I am hooked! It is super creamy and delicious, and the servers are very friendly and the shop is very cute. This place could give Jeni's a run for its money because it's really good, but it also depends on my mood whether I want gelato or ice cream.
<review# 1343,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/30/2012,5/9/2013,26,148,,6,3>My fiance and I decided to try out this place after hearing about it from a friend of ours. We had heard about the restaurant while it was under construction, so we were excited to find out that it just opened. The atmosphere was very nice and I loved the look of the restaurant...it had its own modern uniqueness to it. The staff was very friendly and also took the time to explain the concept of conveyor belt sushi to us. I loved the variety of sushi that was offered on the conveyor belt and tried different ones, including the California Roll, the Crunchy Shrimp Roll, and the Shrimp Avocado roll. All were very tasty and fresh! One of the things I loved about the conveyor belt was that they also included a sign that showed the name of the roll and the ingredients in it. Once we were full, our waitress added up our total by the number of color-coded  plates we had (prices ranged from 99 cents to $4.00), which were quite a bit since we were very hungry, lol. They also offer traditional Japanese and Chinese food on a separate menu, which was a plus.I haven't stopped thinking about their sushi all day since we left the restaurant because it was very delicious...I hope to go back soon to try more of their food!
<review# 1344,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/5/2012,5/8/2013,108,60,,6,6>For both residential and commercial stained glass pieces, Hendricks Stained Glass provides more than just a wonderful work of art.  From initial design to professional installation, your vision can be fabricated beautifully... all by hand.I received a personal response from the artist within just hours of submitting my request for a quote.  I was blown away at the level of professionalism they showed and the true sincerity they had for me and my idea.  With unbeatable prices and a portfolio of incredible past works, I am beyond excited to see my final piece soon!
<review# 1345,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/8/2013,5/7/2013,91,274,4,8,8>I'm a lucky girl that I have gotten to go hear twice in one year.  When people ask me which dinner I enjoyed more, I simply stare at them confused, because I loved them both for different reasons.I want to reiterate something, based on my experience showing people pictures of the food.  While this place is all out AMAZING, from the moment you arrive and every dish in between, it is not for everyone.  You have to be open-minded, adventurous, and willing to try new things.  I actually admire my friends who tell me, that looks good and sounds fun but I couldn't do it.It's not for everyone.  This is something for people who love the adventure of food, who look at what these people do as art more than cooking.Ok, so I sound a little snobbish, I'm not meaning to.  I love this place so much, I get giddy talking about it and showing the pictures I shamelessly snapped with my camera.  I still get hungry looking at the photos myself!I had scallops, oysters, sunchoke soup, prime rib, pigeon leg (this right here usually freaks people out, but its like quail, a gamey chicken, and its delicious, so right here in the make-or-break of those who are really into testing their preconceived notions of food), salmon, homemade ice cream, bourbon balls...10 courses in all.  And each one of them perfect.You will not get better service, a better experience, or a more memorable dining experience in Nashville than this.  Keep in mind, with food, alcohol pairings (another reminder, DO THIS, it makes the food even better!), and tip included comes to $180/person.  While to me, a born New Yorker, this seems reasonable for a meal of this caliber, it may not be for others.They only take reservations online and only 30 days in advance, so keep this is mind when planning a night here.To the amazing people at the Catbird, THANK YOU once again for a wonderful night, and I will be back again, without a doubt.
<review# 1346,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/24/2013,5/6/2013,210,147,4,6,6>Dear Suzy Wong,Why did you remove your veggie sushi from the menu? It was the most delicious veggie sushi in town! Now Koi is my go-to for such, but I secretly miss the great care and selection you took in creating a veg-head's sushi dream. Please reconsider.I'm begging you.Love,MartíDespite the immense sadness I have felt at the loss of an absolutely brilliant roll, I still thoroughly enjoyed my last visit to Ms. Wong's fine establishment.Their edamame is consistently good (and trust me, you CAN screw it up).The vegetable pot stickers, which are pan-seared, has vastly improved and is my new favorite dish here. So much that I ordered another during the same meal. House of Yum indeedy.Other plates I shared with the ladies were crab wontons with bacon, and the sweet n' sour chicken. Albeit good, but this lady wanted more pot stickers.A couple bottles of the Singha Thai Lager made that meal a damn good one.To top it off, the service was once again superb, as we were treated like royalty.Now, about that veggie sushi....
<review# 1347,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/14/2014,11/20/2014,1,9,1,5,5>I live in Clarksville and I drive 45 minutes to this restaurant almost once a week just to cure my pho cravings. They only take CASH, so make sure you have paper money with you. Let me just tell you why this place is worth my gas and time EVERY week I go there.1. Their pho thai is $5 for a large bowl. Who can beat that price?! Their eggrolls are like $2. Their big vermicelli noodle bowls with marinated meat is like $6. Yes, I usually order all 3 just for myself haha!2. You would think their price is so low because maybe they don't get a lot of business?! Nah, they are usually very busy (have slow days just like every restaurant) with many new customers waiting to get their food to see what all the Yelpers are yelping about haha! For the cheap price of their meals, THEY HAVE AMAZINGLY AUTHENTIC FOOD. I had pho in so many different areas, states, cities, and this place is by far my favorite.If you are new to this restaurant, my tip to you is to seat yourself (because I see new people with their blank faces standing by the door waiting for someone to come out and seat them but sometimes that doesn't happen lol). Do not expect outstanding service but DO expect delicious, affordable, authentic food. Happy eating!!!
<review# 1348,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/14/2014,11/19/2014,11,3,1,2,3>Did you know you can get this Delivered??I gave up on good Thai in the last year or so in the area, save for Jasmine's, which is always good; but that's a different review, with probably 2 less stars. I tried this place on a whim and really.. Jackpot. Its straight up classic Thai and it is AMAZING. First, the panang curry.... did you ever have to take a moment after thinking about something delicious so you don't tear up? Yea. All that going on right now. It is probably the best curry I've ever had. (I'm sorry, Mali... I love your cooking but you would flip over this place). I've had seafood, chicken, and tofu on separate occasions. I wasn't  sorry at any of those times and the tofu was really delicious. Firm and TONS of flavor. The heat index issssss not a joke. Level up at your own risk. Level one is juuust enough spice to let your sinuses understand, that this could potentially be an 'event' if not approached with caution. Just saying.. the native heat is real. By the way, servings are massive.. I split one curry order with my SO and its a perfect amount for both of usShrimp Siam Summer Rolls. You can eat these as a meal in themselves. MASSIVE rolls with fresh veggies and mmm shrimp in rice paper thats perfectly textured. Comes with a sweet/sour peanut sauce that is unreal yummy. I know they are supposed to be an app but I'm not being coy about size here. It matters and its BIG. You could maybe eat one and then your meal if you split like I do, but eat two of those and THEN a full entree'?.. no way. Also if you've never thought of crab rangoon as a dessert? You will now. Yes. There is powdered sugar involved and it is... it's a little ridiculous how insanely good it is. I'm almost ashamed to say it aloud. Eggrolls still the bomb and my god.... Thai Tea. I need another moment.
<review# 1349,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/22/2014,11/18/2014,99,212,2,6,3>I'm a huge fan of The Smiling Elephant. Not only is the food delicious, the service is prompt and friendly, and the atmosphere is unique and entertaining. I almost always start with some steamed dumplings and get the Pad Kra Pao with Lump Crab when I go. I've branched out some and tried the Pad Thai, the Thom Yum soup, and a smattering of other dishes. I've enjoyed them all, but the Pad Kra Pao is my favorite by far. I've tried several of their teas, but I must admit, I'm not really a tea drinker. The hot teas all appear to be purchased from a vendor (albeit a good one), and the only cold tea that is memorable to me was the honey hibiscus. Just from a price standpoint I'll usually just stick to water unless it's cold outside and I need a hot tea to warm me up. I recommend going either as soon as they open, waiting until after the typical meal times, or ordering your food to go; this tiny place can get seriously busy. Also, parking can be a beast. The front lot is tiny and the back lot is only accessible down a seriously narrow alleyway on a steep hill. A bonus from parking in the back (at least during the spring and summer months) is you can see where they get all those fresh ingredients; they've got a veritable farm going in pots and planters back there with everything from thai peppers to harder-to-find herbs. In short, The Smiling Elephant is one of my favorite Thai places in Middle Tennessee. It's not the least expensive, but the quality, friendliness, and attention to detail make it worth the trip.
<review# 1350,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/11/2014,11/17/2014,814,132,10,11,12>If you are Mexican, or have lived in Mexico, or have dated a Mexican, or love Mexican food, or have dreamed of ever being Mexican, you must go here to have a Chamoyada! Not to be confused with en-chi-la-da, please! A chamoyada is usually made with mangos, but can be made with peaches, or just about any other fruit...it's a dessert.  I've never made one before, but I've certainly eaten my share of them in my lifetime.  Let me describe how it's done. First, the ice cream parlourista pours chamoy (spicy sauce) on the cup, then spicy  chili powder, adds mango gelato, mango purée, lemon, fresh sweet mango spears, spicy sauce...and then I don't know what else...but whatever it is, it's GOOD...ADDICTING! If you close your eyes and drink this...your taste buds might make you think you have traveled to a city in Mexico (FYI this dessert contains no hallucinogenics)....a spoonful of this famous chamoyada may make you feel  just like Samantha from " Bewitched," and POOF! ...you're  walking down an old narrow lopsided cobble street passing mercados and street stands, a couple chickens and a scattered crowd. YES IT IS THAT GOOD! If you have never had one before, and you are a daredevil, adventurous, and opened to new discoveries, I highly recommend it to you! You will not be disappointed! This place also has Popsicles of all flavors, all 100% natural! Strawberry, kiwi, guava, watermelon,....etc...even sweet corn!The location is hidden on the side of a small shopping mall, next to a tobacco store, which catty-corners to a Mexican restaurant! Ha! Great thinking people! Prices start at $2.25. I heard they are opened late on Saturday nights. They have several tables and chairs inside and a couple outside benches. Go get your Mexican on...I doubledogdare you to go try a mango chamoyada! :)
<review# 1351,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/28/2014,11/16/2014,2,4,1,4,4>Wow! This place is a gem. The outside looks drab but the inside is clean and the sushi is phenomenal. I've tried sushi from all I've and this is as close as it gets to the real deal. First we started with the miso soup. The base was not overly salted and very balanced. The tofu is in the form of "tofu noodles" and the top is sprinkled with seaweed that looks almost like a seed but with a much better flavor. Excellent and it might be the best miso I've ever had.We ordered the sushi dinner item that came with two rolls and a choice of nigiri. We chose yellowfin and tuna. The chef cut the nigiri nice and thick and it was extremely fresh. The rice was moist with a good firm bounce and everything you'd want from a good rice. We got a spicy tuna roll that had a dash of sesame oil that added complexity and a wonderful new blast of flavor. The service was phenomenal. She made our experience personal and even though the meal took a while to get we spent the time conversing and enjoying each other. Very highly recommended!
<review# 1352,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/17/2014,11/15/2014,5,6,2,4,3>I was very excited to finally dine at Cork and Cow. My wife and I love the owner's other restaurant (The Red Pony, across the street) and weren't disappointed with Cork and Cow. The place shares a kitchen with 55 South next door, but is decorated in a much more fine dining decor. There is an upstairs loft that would be great for large groups. The service was excellent. I'm personally more of a European kind of diner and do not like to be rushed. I prefer not to be "checked in" on every 10 minutes - it also doesn't bother my to wait 15-20 minutes between courses, especially at the end of the meal before dessert. Our server was right on par - never rushed me and gave us plenty of time to digest our courses and drink our wine. I can see others getting frustrated, but for us it was perfect. The mixed drinks were incredible! They have definitely joined the new "craft" mixed drink craze and can compete easily. I wanted to try all their drinks, but settled on their Old Fashioned. It stuck in my brain so much, I want to go back every night just to sip on one. My wife had a gin martini that was fused with rosemary, lemon. grand marnier, vanilla bean and agave nectar, I sipped it and was blown away! All their drinks use fresh ingredients and homemade syrups.I highly recommend the grilled oysters as an appetizers. They are a rockefeller style oysters, but are actually grilled on open flames while covered. They had an awesome mesquite flavor that  matched perfectly with the cheese, garlic, lemon, and cayenne pepper flavors. For my entree I had the bone-in ribeye and it was awesome! Nice flavor. My wife has the filet which was equally great! We split a blood orange cheesecake for dessert that was out of this world! It was crustless, which was perfect for my wife who cannot eat gluten.I love that this place is only a mile from my house. I will definitely be back!!!
<review# 1353,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/6/2014,11/14/2014,81,104,1,6,5>I reserved Gojo for a party of 25 folks and we had a blast here! We had a welcome dinner that I was planning and wanted things to be particularly arranged. Gojo did a fantastic job of accommodating us. The first time I went by Gojo, I had a hard time locating them. They have a small sign in the front which can be easy to miss if you're just driving by on Thompson Lane. I had to turn around and come back! They had small private parking area in the back so don't get worked up about the busy street parking. The inside of Gojo has lots of traditional Ethiopian decorations. It looks quite lovely! It smells even better. Although they are a small family owned restaurant, they can cater for 200+ people and so if you want to use them for an event, make sure to reserve early. I did not but thank goodness they were able to add me on to their handwritten calendar. :) On the day of the event, I went in with a couple of welcome signs that I wanted to leave someone visible. They literally took the signs from me and stapled them on to their own walls. The owner then asked me if that was visible enough. I have never been to a restaurant where they let you hang outside, handmade posters for your event so this was an amazing gesture on their part! During the event, they went to each table and explained the food options to our friends. They also came by frequently to fill waters for all 25 people. They had arranged the seats to ensure we had a whole room which gave us some privacy as well. Their food, perhaps obvious from my five stars, was REALLY good. We ordered a couple of the two meat and two vegetable platters. Each of these served three people and came with lots of breads. While we ate with our hands, we liked the option of being given some utensils. If you go individually or simply want your own dish versus family style, there are smaller dishes as well. After the meal, the owner and his wife (the chef) sat me down and made me some tea while we sorted the bill. How wonderful of them! They told me about the history of the business and about themselves. I suddenly realized that I had forgotten our tax exempt paper at home. The owners just gave me their card and asked me to call them the next day with the account number. I was completely taken aback by how trusting their were of someone they just met a couple of hours ago. Given my schedule, I completely forgot to call these folks back the next day and give them the number. No worries, they give me a call themselves! Overall, amazing service. We all felt so warmly welcomed and I was so happy we decided to go with the locally owned Gojo!
<review# 1354,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/28/2014,11/13/2014,0,45,2,6,3>Probably one of the best, if not the best meal of my life.Atmosphere:It was very trendy. If you've been to any of the other MStreet operated restaurants then it will have a similar feeling.Service:We had an early reservation for 5pm and we got there about 10mins early. The valet let us park in one of the spots and came and got us and our vehicle when they opened the doors.They sat us in the front window with the view of downtown so that was an extreme plus.Our waiter was extremely helpful and very at ease with us. Not uptight at all.The food came out promptly.Food:The girlfriend had the Wagyu Filet Mignon which was delicious. I had the "Progression of the NY Strip" which was 3oz of USDA, 3oz of Wagyu, and 3oz of some Australian Wagyu. We got the Risotto Tater Tots and the Macaroni. Both were delicious and the Macaroni's portion was extremely generous.We ended it all with the milk chocolate creamoso which was delicious but I will warn you that the olive oil is definitely interesting.Our cocktails were on par to some of the nicer bars in town as well.Overall:Yes it is pricey but you should go into this place already knowing that. I loved our overall experience and plan to come back time and time again.
<review# 1355,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/14/2013,11/12/2014,67,291,2,4,4>The previous reviews really took away my anxiety about eating "Southern food." It was a location chosen for my husband's Christmas work party in Lebanon. It easily accommodated 9 people on a Friday night with a 6 pm reservation.Luxuriously decorated, white linens on the table, impeccable place settings, low lighting, and a comfortable atmosphere really set the perfect mood.The daily menu had a nice assortment of items to choose from such as catfish, scallops, shrimp and grits, BBQ sampler, prime rib, salads, bbq nachos, and a great variety of side dishes.It was hard to choose because I really wanted a seafood of some sort. So upon the server's recommendation, he chose the blackened catfish. This came with 2 sauces (tarter and something else) which balanced the taste. I picked a side dish of fried green tomatoes (6 on plate) with a sauce/gravy. These were deliciously prepared. Seeing the other people's choices on entrees, sides and desserts, here were my opinions.Irish nacho vs bbq nacho: bbq nachos wonScallop appetizer: (6 on plate) OUTSTANDING. SUCCULENT. HIGHLIGHT OF THE NIGHT. Huge pieces.Blackened catfish: nice size, nice seasoning, nothing specialBlackened prime rib: thick, large, very tastyBBQ Sampler: enough for 2 people or one ravaged soulDesserts all very large (for 2 essentially). Bananas foster was created table side for another large party. PROS: creative, decor, service, presentationCONS: made to order takes at least 30 minutes (do not be rushed), catfish wasn't impressive, sides don't come with the dishes
<review# 1356,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/15/2014,11/11/2014,61,103,,3,3>Cabana has a great feel to it. When you walk in it feels fancy yet casual. There were four of us that went here on a Sunday and we were asked whether we wanted to sit inside or outside. The patio looked very nice but we decided to sit inside. We were sat at a cute booth which was big enough for at least six so we had plenty of room which I love. The server promptly came to greet us and took our drink order. As a group of four we decided to get a pitcher of the rum punch. The pitcher was enough for all of us to have a full glass which was great with us and it was a better price than all four of us buying a single drink. The pitcher was $16 whereas the glass was $5. The server then came to get our food order. Sundays are 2 for 1 pizza specials so the rest of the people in my party took part in that. I decided on just a caesar salad. There were two sizes to the salad. Either a full or a half. I ordered the full size. The food came out within a reasonable amount of time. My salad was just the right size. i asked for extra dressing when I ordered the salad and they actually put more dressing on the side for me. I used to be a server for five years so I know a lot of times that even though you ask for something extra it doesn't always come out with the food. I am always impressed if everything comes out at the same time. The dressing was great and yes, you can mess up caesar dressing. Two sourdough croutons came on top of the salad. They were like small breadsticks and they were tasty with the dressing. The nice and bad thing about the booths in Cabana is that they have a tv. My party is in a fantasy football league so unfortunately I had to hear football talk quite often. Otherwise, it was a great experience.
<review# 1357,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/1/2014,10/21/2014,194,461,,2,3>Still rolling with the 5 stars. This past Sunday I checked out their brunch and I am still thinking about it. I love brunch, a lot, and I really wanted something healthy and different. Not granola (there is nothing wrong with it, I eat it during the week.) I was in a Nashville food rut, then, from the heavens, comes Rumours East poached eggs and spring greens. It was divine. It also only cost $8. The greens were a mix of kale, swiss chard and a third that I can't remember. It also had cauliflower, feta and paprika oil drizzled on it. PS. I don't like cauliflower and I love this! I got an english muffin on the side but honestly I'm not sure I needed it. My honey-pie had the in-house made mortadella sandwich with a fried egg. It was crazy good! Cheese, a perfectly fried egg, mortadella and celery root slaw all on an english muffin. You also get a side of potatoes or a mixed green salad.  The bellini and mimosa were both $7 each, comparable to Marche's drink list. They offer coffee by the cup or french press. They also have one thing going for them that Marche does not...dun dun dun......outdoor seating! Marche is a classic, so it's not comparable, but I'm so glad Rumours now offers us another brunch option in the hood. It's below Margot's brunch and above MadDonna's brunch. Also, it's totally affordable. Please come check it out. I need to this brunch to stay. Plus there was a 0 wait time last Sunday at 11am. I will definitely be back for the poached eggs and spring greens. Plus I need to try the spaghetti carbonara, steak and eggs, traditional breakfast and the waffle.
<review# 1358,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/4/2013,10/20/2014,139,236,4,2,2>So for my birthday (hey I'm getting old, I don't get presents anymore I just get to pick where I go eat now a days) I chose Rolf And Daughters for our 2nd experience with this place.So since we did not plan ahead for reservations we showed up before they opened and grabbed a table first thing.  Works like a charm on most days.We started with the Bread and Salted Butter item and it was great as usual.   I followed that with some random beer I let the dude in the tight jeans pick serving us pick out for me.I had been craving the Pork Ragout again and I gave in to my desires and wow.  It was just as amazing as last time (though unusually more saltier, but that seemed to be a theme this evening).  My wife on the other hand ordered the Carbonara Pasta with Prosciutto if I recall correctly.  Now keep in mind my wife was/is pregnant at the time of this meal.  She barely ate it and said she couldn't eat it cause it was way too salty.  I was surprised by this, so I decided to taste it myself.   And JESUS!  It was like they poured a whole bag either in the water when they cooked the noodles or just dumped a whole shaker on to her dish.   Now.  I'm never one to send anything back but I had a pregnant wife who was starving and I had already mostly devoured my dish.  So we mention it to the server and he even tried the dish himself and AGREED with us that it was way too salty and he got her another dish which the cooks purposefully did not add any additional salt (she got the pork ragout like I did because she tried mine and it was fine for her tasty mommy buds).   Problem averted!We decided to skip dessert and then wifey ran into some old high school friends and the night was a success.I will still definitely return as I love this place, though it was a salty experience.  I think my skin is still dried out from this trip over a month ago, I feel like one of those redbird girls who fake n bake 7 days a week.
<review# 1359,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/6/2014,10/19/2014,52,174,1,4,4>Brand new dog park that is only barely finished as of the first week of May 2014. While there is only a single area, it is massive and as big as or bigger than any other dog park in metro Nashville. It is kind of a disappointment that they did not segregate the park into two areas for large and small dogs but those of us living on the south side will take what we can get. As already stated, the fenced area is enormous. There is a nice gravel/cement walkway inside the area and plenty of trees offering shade. There is a nice water fountain in the center with access for both people and dogs alike. Perhaps the single best thing about this park though is it has second gated area connected to the first with a walking trail that runs through the woods. There were no signs up yet but it appears you can take your dog on this trail through the woods with no leash as the entire wooded area is fenced. That may or may not change once signs with rules go up but regardless It's a pretty unique thing that I've not come across at any other area dog parks. As of the time of this review the dog area is fully enclosed but doesn't seem 100% finished. There are barely any signs up yet and also no waste receptacles. Some of the landscaping was also not finished as there were huge swaths of straw patches. I am sure all of that will change very soon as metro puts the finishing touches on. All in all it's shaping up to be a great dog park.
<review# 1360,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/23/2014,10/18/2014,8,94,4,3,3>I have tried quite a few BBQ places since I've moved to Nashville and I have, overall, been kinda disappointed. So when my brother, boyfriend, and I decided to check out Papa Turney's in Hermitage, I had really high hopes based on all the previous reviews.This is a really tiny place (literally 4 tables) that you could easily pass up when you're driving by. We got there shortly after 2, so we didn't have a problem getting one of the tables. Immediately after I got out of my car, I was assaulted with the smoked meat smell and I was pumped. Everyone that's working there is seriously so nice. Talking to us while we're ordering and while we're eating. One of the guys was wearing a Bama hat to counter my Bama shirt, so we basically bonded.I went with the brisket plate after seeing all the previous reviews and I was super disappointed when they said they were out of mac and cheese and potato salad. Nevertheless, I opted for the cabbage and the baked beans instead. AND since I checked in on Yelp I got a free dessert, and went with the chess pie. It only took about 5-10 minutes for them to whip everything up and bring it over to us.The brisket was seriously SO. GOOD. So tender and moist with a great flavor. Add a little of the BBQ sauce and it was amazing. Both my boyfriend and my brother got the pork and were saying how awesome it was. The cabbage was really good, and kind of surprised me with the flavor and the baked beans were excellent as well. I just wish I could've tried that mac and cheese! Oh well, gives me an excuse to come here again. This was the first time I've had chess pie and it was amazing. I shared it with my brother and if I would've had the whole thing to myself, I probably would've gotten diabetes on the spot since it was so sweet. But still, damn tasty.I will not hesitate to come here again and hope I can make a trip over to Hermitage again soon! I'd like to check out their new location at Nashville Shores too, since it's not too far from this spot. Amazing food and great service! Absolutely recommend to anyone looking for good BBQ.
<review# 1361,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/3/2014,10/17/2014,48,60,9,5,6>I've started dating this really great guy. He understands me, can anticipate my needs, and even provides helpful tips for the days when I just can't decide what to do. His name is Netflix. And while Netflix is sweet and very caring, he is also very addictive. It's turning into a very unhealthy relationship that I just can't seem to get out of by myself. I'm spending all my free time with him, blowing off social events to click his buttons, and even using him as an excuse to not workout. Enter Hotbox. The best breakup tool any girl could have. Though I've only been to one class, I have to say I can already feel myself getting pumped up to go back! I'm so ADD that running just doesn't cut it for me. And I'm too stubborn to workout by myself because I just won't do it if I don't want to. I needed to find a place where everyone is there for the same reason: to get pushed to their limit and sweat their asses off. I can already tell that this gym is a COMMUNITY. A safe space where you can go and give this intense calorie-burning workout 100% of your most hardcore effort, and probably look like a complete dork while doing it - but no one cares because NO ONE IS LOOKING AT YOU. I am so happy that I found this gym so I can start becoming the Best Version of Me. Thank you Hotbox!
<review# 1362,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/10/2014,10/16/2014,0,9,,3,3>Don't let outside appearance scare you! I promise it is as good as sushi can get.Dang so freaking delicious. Being one of those people that find it necessary to eat alll the sushi on my plate, getting their 3 rolls with soup/salad special was a recipe for ultimate stomach fullness. The three rolls: BBQ eel (heavy on the avocado which balanced out the eel, which I'm not usually a big fan of), spicy california (I think they ended up giving me spicy shrimp, not that I care), and the Ocean (?) roll, which was seaweed salad, mushrooms, and cucumber (probably my favorite). The rolls themselves were heavy on the fish/veggies, and lighter on the rice, which is always nice.In addition to the rolls, I had miso soup (same as any other sushi place), and seaweed salad (same). My mother had their carishashi (?) bowl, which is basically fish, veggies, and rice, and it was so freaking pretty! I will definitely be getting that next time.Bonuses: Very affordable if you stick to the more basic rolls ($4-$5), and they gave us a free roll I guess they were experimenting with on the house! It was amazing!I think we had about 5 different waitresses. They all helped each other, which was pretty cute, but confusing when it came time to tip.
<review# 1363,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/30/2014,10/15/2014,0,2,1,3,5>I was really hesitant to try this place because in my experience, fast food sushi is typically not good sushi. But I'm happy to say that I was really pleasantly surprised!Sushi - Though skeptical at first, I actually really enjoy being able to make my own roll. I'm pretty picky about the types of rolls I get so creating my own ensures that I always get something I'll enjoy. Gogo has a nice range of ingredients that walk a nice line between your typical fillings and more unique ones. They also have lots of different sauces. My favorites are the unagi sauce (which is to die for!) and the dynamite mayo. Unless you're a chili head, don't get the jalapeño mayo! It's way too spicy! Bubble Tea - They have a lot of different bubble tea flavors, which was the reason I stopped by here in the first place. I'm a diehard bubble tea lover and I'm so picky but Gogo's is really quite excellent. Their boba is perfectly chewy. It's not too hard but not melting in my mouth either. And I've tried several flavors and they've all been really tasty. I've had the green tea smoothie, the taro milk tea, and the lychee and passionfruit fruit teas. Gogo is also not stingy with their boba! It's a huge pet peeve of mine when bubble tea places give you like four bubbles so Gogo gets a huge thumbs up for being so generous!Atmosphere - The restaurant is really so cool. It's like a really hip place I could see in LA or NYC. The decor is very trendy and young. This place is definitely a go-to for me now and I love the fact that it's not just your run-of-the-mill sushi joint. Definitely a must-try if you're looking for somewhere fun to eat with your friends or with a date!
<review# 1364,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/19/2014,10/14/2014,16,9,1,5,2>Dropped in here yesterday..I was greeted by the owner, and I have to say he was extremely friendly and courteous!The shop was quaint with a nice modern setup and a japanese animation theme, which is awesome..I've had the edamamme(?) before and I thought it was extremely delicious, even in a reheated state..The menu is unique in that Nomzilla is the only sushi joint that allows you to create you own rolls from a list of ingredients..I imagine this is where the restuarant truly shines, and I regret not taking advantage of it..Instead I went with the prefabricated recipes: The spicy tuna roll and the sweet chili chicken roll(since I've never had a non seafood based piece of sushi)..Each roll runs about six dollars, and is cut into eight average sized pieces. The ingredients were fresh and tasty..The only true criticism I have is that the recipes for the rolls could use more complexity, maybe an extra unconventional item per roll to bring the sushi up to par with some of the other places around town..Also, the prefabricated option list is somewhat small..I imagine the true idea is to build your own rolls here.. The garnishing sauces could be a bit more inventive too.. The pineapple in my chicken roll was a bit too cold, almost icy..It probably was from the bottom of a previously frozen sixth pan. On a comical sidenote, three of the rolls use ghost chili or apparently an even hotter alternative..I cant remember the name, but the last roll on the menu(scorpion? ) requires a photo id and a wavier to eat!My girlfriend ordered one of the soups and it looked exceptional, with tons of fresh veggies that hadn't been overcooked like many other places.She chose a calorie free(!) noodle that actually had an interesting-in-a-good-way texture, and the flavor was great.The food was served on disposable plates/bowls, but they are biodegradable..this and the lighthearted atmosphere makes ir totally permissible in my opinion.If I were to rate Nomzilla on the sushi I ate alone, I would have given only three stars. However, the rest of the menu was great, the design unique, and the customer service exceptional..So I bumped up to four.Scoutmob has a five dollar off coupon..I recommend using it and giving it back in the tip because places like these deserve a spot in the nashville culinary market. It's nice to see a place that doesnt take itself too seriously, but still delivers in the product.On a final note, one of the employees rushed out the door to thank us in the street. Alot of the new places in nashville could take a lesson from this.
<review# 1365,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/5/2014,10/13/2014,0,6,1,5,4>My husband and I recently moved to the area and, much to my dismay, I had to begin my search for a "replacement sushi place" since my absolute favorite was in the town we just moved from. After spending some time on yelp and other review sites, I told my husband we would try Toyama. (It's close, decent reviews, moderate prices and attractive looking sushi rolls pictured on the menu) Walking in, the space is a lot smaller than I expected and I've also never seen a restaurant with the hibachi and dining tables all open and in the same room. You don't even have to spend the hibachi money to see the show! (Definitely a plus for me) There's also a bar/sushi bar area which is great for grabbing a beer and a roll.The service is alright. You can tell which people are new and are not and, being in the restaurant industry myself, it always makes me feel bad when I see the vets of a restaurant (usually a tall man with dark hair and a deep voice) always picking up slack of newbies who don't want to work very hard. You can also see the language barrier plays a role in the miscommunication of service which is a very difficult thing to overcome. (My husband and I have both worked for bosses where English definitely isn't a first language) All in all, this is my new sushi spot. The titans roll is my favorite and my husband LOVES the spicy volcano roll. Definitely worth giving it a try!
<review# 1366,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/27/2013,10/12/2014,45,23,5,7,4>OMG. I love this place so much! I have been here numerous times and have never had a bad or disappointing roll..and believe me I have tried a lot!! The place is very unassuming and you could blink while driving and miss it; but don't let that sway you because this is a place you definitely don't want to judge by the cover. This is by no means a fine dining experience, just causal like a "I'm craving sushi on a Tuesday night kind of place" laid back, no rush and great for take out! You walk in and it is a very small tight space. Maybe being in NYC for so long, this doesn't really phase me. However, there is second dining area that is not as packed in, so don't worry. The menu has more on it than 2 sushi restaurants combined, so yes I always sit and consider my options carefully because they are all so good! The place seems old, but is always clean and the service and people are great, not to mention great prices for their specialty rolls!!I used to think that no one could rival Peters in Brentwood - but this place does and I have say in some instances, in my opinion, may even better. I am a sushi connoisseur and I always come back to Samurai. They have more specialties than I could eat in a month, which means there is always something new to try. I think they really are the best (non-fine dining sushi) in town for two reasons. 1) regarding options most sushi restaurants have the more or less similar specialty rolls, However, at Samurai there are tons I have never even heard of  before much less tried. Which is saying a lot since I used to eat sushi almost once a week! 2) Options are great, but most importantly, the rolls taste fantastic! Every.time. (At least they have for me!)My always favorite goes too's: The Happy Roll. Yeah Strawberry in your sushi might sound weird but your taste buds will thank you! I can't go here without getting it! My most recent trip also included: The Crunch Crab - cause who doesn't love a little deep fried sushi, and the Mr. Daniel Roll, a staple. Be back soon!!
<review# 1367,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/16/2014,10/1/2014,217,312,8,6,7>Man, the people that put this on know what's up.First of all, it was really easy to get there and get set up.  I had grabbed tickets online, so I was able to go straight to the token booth and get my stein and token needs taken care of straight away.  Second, the lines for beer were no problem, and there were tons of options.  As I am a sucker for a good, malty beer, I dove mouth-first into a tasty Hofbrau Oktoberfest.  It was freaking delicious, but I wasn't sure if that was just beginner's luck, so I did it again.  Nope.  That was definitely a good beer.  The venue (the Farmer's Market), was absolutely perfect, with plenty of seating.They had a great polka band and the trombone player was great - loaded down with schmaltz and that was before he hit the Alpine horn.  So much fun!  There were great activities for the kids too, but I felt bad for the classic VW owners as hipster parents looked on passively as their filthy little urchins defiled the beautiful old bugs and vans.  Just as I started to get uptight, I began drinking beer again, and all was well.  I hit the Franziskaner Dunkel, which was just fantastic for a dark wheat beer and had some amazing flavors going on.  Pretty sure there was no booze in there, so I tried another just to make sure.Very easy to navigate and transact thanks to the power of tokens, and just a helluva lot of fun on a perfect-weather day!  And easy-to-obtain delicious German Bier!My only critiques would have been on the food.  While this was a kid-friendly event, there really weren't a lot of kid-friendly foods, although they made due with the cheese on a stick and pretzels (and juice boxes we smuggled in).  The kraut was crisp and uncooked, needed some greasy love in it.  They were also sold out of vegetarian options by day 2 as well.  I had the schnitzel which was OK and the sausages as well because I had to make sure they were safe for everyone else (would have liked a bigger variety). All-in-all the food was the weakest part (which I rest solely at the feet of Riff's Fine Street Food), but by no means a dealbreaker, because BIER.
<review# 1368,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/24/2014,9/30/2014,220,423,4,6,6>YUM!!! My review is for their brunch, and it was very good. At 10:30am there were plenty of open spots for brunch, and we were excited to give this new restaurant a shot. I can see it becoming very busy once word spreads! I had a french press coffee and my BF had a latte (they have almond milk too!). We decided we needed something sweet to snack on with our coffee, so we had the pistachio and dried cherry sticky buns.... they were heavenly and plenty for two people. They came out in a cast iron skillet and wow... we ate all of them though we shouldn't have. By the time our food came out we were full. We enjoyed (in small bites) the fried oyster sandwich and I had the quiche subbed benton's bacon for fries. The quiche was awesome and the sandwich was great, but we could have used a tad bit more oyster a bit less bacon on the sandwich. But overall, it was so good. I've noticed in some other reviews that some people had pretentious waiters. I can see that a bit. My guy gave me some attitude that I wanted to sub out my fries for bacon, and when my boyfriend asked for fries he slightly snottily pointed out that "the fries are exceptional" and I felt like he was saying I was making a mistake in not getting their fries. Yes, they are good, but I'd rather have bacon! I really love the space and they had some mimosa selections that were tempting. I'm really excited to make a reservation for dinner so I can experience the full menu!
<review# 1369,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/2/2014,9/29/2014,9,4,5,8,7>This review is long overdue.  My partner and I moved to TN from the SF Bay area almost 2 years ago and we immediately set out in search of a good Indian restaurant.  We've tried just about every Indian restaurant in the Nashville metro area and Tamarind is hands down our favorite...we go back here every chance we get.   The Chicken Tikka Masala is to die for.  Their Peshwari naan is incredible - do try it if you're in the mood for something a little sweeter than the standard plain or garlic naan.  As weird as this may sound, I'm a stickler for rice and theirs is perfect.  I can't stand the rice at places like Sitar, it's a deal breaker for me.  We've never had anything here we didn't like.  I'm giving this place 5 stars relative to the other options in the area because I do believe this is the best it gets, taste-wise, in Nashville.  I will agree that there have been some recent changes that are less than optimal - the prices have gone up a bit and the portions are smaller - but overall, the food is just so good I really couldn't care less what they charge me for it, I'd probably sell a kidney if I had to.We usually go during the week to avoid traffic heading up to the city - we went on a recent Wednesday night and had the place to ourselves, that is until the guys from the Eli Young Band came in and had dinner (one of the perks of being close to Music Row I guess).  This place is never crowded so I'm hesitant to change that, but at the same time, I'd probably be inconsolable if this place went out of business so please check them out.
<review# 1370,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/10/2014,9/28/2014,90,129,2,6,5>I snagged a reservation for our eighth wedding anniversary and boy am I glad I did.Nestled in a cozy storage container and attached to a boutique hotel, the husband and I were whisked away on a culinary adventure.  Yes, it is a small space.  Yes, it can feel a bit crowded (our table was literally up against a service station where coffee and the like were prepared).  Yes, it can get a bit loud.  But let's get to the heart of the matter and talk about food, shall we?We started with our cocktails the Damien's Peach Jack Smash and the Flight 404 (with vodka instead of gin because I am allergic to juniper).Both of our cocktails were quite lovely; however, the highlight to me was the delectable Luxardo cherry.  My husband immediately mentioned that it was a "girly" drink due to the ethereal purple hue from the crème de violette.  Regardless, it was fabulous as was his whisky based concoction.For appetizers I knew we had to have the burrata after reading so many glowing reviews about it.  Our other app was rabbit liver pate.  The burrata delivered in its creaminess and was scrumptious when spread upon the crostini.  I could have ordered three more servings and called it a night.  I am living proof that there is no such thing as too much cheese.  It is like saying a diamond is way too big in my book.  But let's discuss the pate, shall we?  It was an utter delight to say the very least.  I am not sure I can come up with words to adequately describe how wickedly decadent this was.  It was accompanied by benne wafers, pommery mustard and pickled green almonds and was topped with a smattering of salt.  My husband and I did not speak while eating both of these.  There were eye rolls and whimpering (out of pure gratification mind you) and then a sad shared glance when we realized we had wiped both plates clean.  All we had left was to look forward to the next round of cocktails and entrees.I decided to continue my lapin trend and ordered the rabbit with ricotta gnudi, stinging nettles and king trumpet mushrooms whilst my German ordered the Bear Creek Farms tri-tip (medium rare) with risotto, ramp greens, hon shimeji, mushrooms, red peppers and saba.  Both were amazing but to me my rabbit dish won the prize for the evening.  Presentation aside on both, I am sure they would have just as good in a blind tasting.We finished with two different desserts - the Carolina Peaches for him and the Gorgonzola Dulce for me.  Again, I thought my dish was the winner here.  It was a caramelized brioche delicately smothered with gorgonzola and a drizzling of wild flower honey - both sweet and savory and heavenly sublime.  The husband's involved a rhubarb compote, bay leaf custard, benne nougatine, basil and, of course, peaches.  His was tasty but I am just not a rhubarb kind of girl.The service was marvelous.  Jordan, our server, was well voiced regarding the entire menu.  She made suggestions and helped us navigate when we were not certain what a particular ingredient.  (I was befuddled by the stinging nettles.  Jordan described them as a wild spinach of sorts and that guided me along.)All in all a delightful evening and one of the better meals I have had in Nashville.  This will definitely go down as a place to return to as both my German and I were smitten kittens and well pleased with our meal and experience.
<review# 1371,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/10/2014,9/27/2014,282,158,1,4,5>Every Monday - Friday morning, you can find me swinging by Dose grabbing an almond milk cortado and rushing off to work. While it kills me to drink any kind of espresso beverage on the fly (as does, let's be honest, leaving my house at 7AM), Dose makes the experience as enjoyable as possible. It doesn't hurt that I'm convinced that their espresso is double strength!Despite the fact that I'm here every morning, I must say that I don't *love* the espresso. I'm much more of a smooth, chocolately espresso fan as opposed to Dose's more fruity, acidic taste. That said, I return every.single.morning largely because the staff is so friendly, they have almond milk and local milk (a big plus in my book!), serve up a variety of gluten free treats ... and because it's super easy to hop on 440 from this location. (and at only $2.75 for a cortado plus 50 cents for special milk, I'm not breaking the bank)If you have the time, sit down and stay awhile at Dose. Any of their breakfast sandwiches can be made into omelets (go for the tomato and avocado! ask for 2 eggs if you're hungry) and there's always plenty of space. They also put time into the presentation of their drinks (hello, latte art!), which look much better in ceramic cups and mugs!
<review# 1372,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/25/2014,9/26/2014,43,59,2,4,5>Having tried the buffet several weeks ago (see my original review below), I stopped in for dinner around 5:30 on a Friday evening. While dining alone on a Friday may sound like a one-way ticket to Loserville (a lovely young lady I'd invited purely as friends never responded, and dammit, that wasn't going to deter me from trying this place), the superb flavors made up for it all.The beer selection is solid, and I went for the large Taj Mahal to get me started while nibbling on the delicious papadums and chutneys. I ordered my "usual" staples at any Indian restaurant:  chicken tikka masala and lamb vindaloo. I asked for the vindaloo to be extra spicy--a request that's usually met at most Indian restaurants with contempt because I had the misfortune of being born white. The good people at Taj happily obliged, and I'm gleeful to say that my sinuses welled up.The flavors in both dishes were excellent, and the tikka masala in particular was creamy and filling. I was impressed by the complexity of flavors in the vindaloo, especially since it's a dish many Indian restaurants seem to botch. One slightly odd note:  the tikka masala has no small quantity of thinly sliced chunks of onion in it. I'm accustomed to getting some onion at different places, but this was a bit much for my tastes. That's a minor quibble for a very flavorful dish, however.I'll visit Taj again. Hopefully not solo, but given my experience, I wouldn't be entirely opposed either. At least no one would be sitting across from me to witness my gluttony.
<review# 1373,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/28/2014,9/25/2014,30,1,1,6,5>312 had two nights of "soft opening" this weekend, and their grand opening today. I took my family and a friend - all Chicago natives - both Saturday evening and Sunday afternoon. While the staff is certainly still working out logistical kinks, the atmosphere is convivial and neighborly and the food is, hands-down, the best casual Italian-inspired, upscale pizza pub food in Nashville. This is definitely our new favorite place in town. Judging by the responses to the packed house all weekend I'm thinking many others agree. I'm a pizza snob. I'll admit it. I grew up in Chicago and I'm proud of it. I love deep dish, but I also love amazing thin crust a la Rosatti's or Aurelio's. Believe me when I say that 312 Pizza Co is so good they would do well in downtown Chicago. The crust on the deep-dish is buttery and substantial without being overly bready or doughy. The toppings are fantastic and the sauce is better than any of the chains in the Windy City. The thin crust is crispy and flavorful - not just white bread or crackers. The sausage is perfect. Seriously - hands down - 312 is the best pizza in Nashville by a good margin. But the charm of 312 doesn't end with the pizza - it starts there. A host of amazing sandwiches, salads, and appetizers are also available. The Italian beef is perfect. The bread - which I hear is baked specially for 312 by a local artisanal bakery - is better than Gonella's! Everything is made fresh in-house.. never brought in pre-packaged. The mozzarella sticks, risotto balls (called "aroncini") and house made potato chips are perfect. The staff is friendly and laid-back with not an ounce of hipsterism or elitism to be found on the premises. I'll do a full review of their hot dogs next time, but considering everything else they are getting right I'm pretty confident they'll do the same with the dogs. Poppy seed buns even! Add a great selection of local and Chi-town beers, a very sophisticated but affordable assortment of custom cocktails, and some decadent deserts and you have the perfect neighborhood joint. These first few days have seen some hiccups - but that is to be expected. What I did not expect was the food to be this amazing. If you're an uptight whiner looking for a reason to complain just wait a couple of weeks before you try 312. But if you have a good attitude and are ready for Chicago pizza, dogs, beef - and even salads - that really stick to your ribs, get to 312 pronto.
<review# 1374,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/23/2014,9/24/2014,54,150,1,5,4>My boyfriend and I were in the area with some time to kill before a wedding at the Cheekwood gardens and each tried a sampler of beer. He took the top 5 of the draft menu and I took the bottom 5 so we could try all 10! Our waitress told us about a few menu changes that they were out of with similar replacements (no biggie) and she brought out the beer pretty fast. We also ordered the poutine appetizer to share.Firstly, this place is next to a Kroger so I had pretty low expectations. We found it by just looking at the map near the Cheekwood and finding a "gastropub." Sounded good! Turns out, we picked the right place! The poutine was pretty dang good, too. Huge portion for $9.The beer was a good variety with a lot of European flavors (Hoegaarden, others I can't spell...), local & local-ish tastes (Tennessee Brew Works, Schlafly, Black Abbey) and craft beer bigger names (Founders, Lagunitas, etc). One of my samples was from the veryyyyyy last of the keg which was a bit yucky but oh well. The waitress offered another sample, but I didn't really have a second choice in mind (as I was already tasting all of the draft selections by sharing with my bf), so I just kept it. Overall, we had a great time though and spend our pre-wedding break wisely. Low expectations were exceeded by far.
<review# 1375,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/25/2014,9/23/2014,7,54,2,3,3>How have I not rated this place. It is my favorite place to grab a drink for the past couple of years and excels in every category.The atmosphere is perfect for a nice relaxing drink and you never have to worry about the likes of "vandy kids", "hipsters" and "try to hards" that burden the majority of other nice places in Nashville.The food and drinks are amazing! I have had every craft drink on their menu over the years and their food as well (note this is for the oak bar menu, not the capitol grille menu) and it is always unique and perfect. The staff truly are top notch both in their service, personality, and overall quality. Very few places give the vibe of the entire staff actually caring about you and enjoying their work, everyone here does.I can't say enough good things about it and recommend it to everyone.My only complaint is that there isn't very accessible parking and trying to get to it between 3:30pm-6:30pm is very difficult with all of the traffic if your office isn't downtown/in walking distance; and unfortunately, they only offer Valet if you are staying at the hotel.
<review# 1376,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/7/2014,9/22/2014,55,171,1,5,5>Been wanting to try Epice since I heard about its existence months ago. There are plenty of Greek restaurants in the area serving up Mediterranean cuisine, but this place is unique in that it is more upscale and serves Lebanese cuisine, which  in some ways similar but in many ways different. My husband and I came on a Saturday around 3:30. Having just cycled 75 miles this morning, I was ready to eat and we knew we would beat the dinner rush (I've heard this place is popular, but they do take reservations). We were the only customers in the place, which is fine because we like to avoid crowds.We started out with the Al-raheb, which is roasted eggplant puree with tomatoes and onions. I love baba ganoush and thought it would be similar being a "puree," but the dish is more chunky, like the consistency of smashed bruschetta. It was delicious and was tossed lightly with fresh lemon juice, served with pita bread and chips.For dinner, I ordered the hummos beyrouti. The hummus was delicious and was spread over an entire plate, topped with ground braised sirloin with pine nuts, served with pita bread and chips and small sides of homemade pickles and something else pickled (possibly radish slices). It was delicious. My husband ordered the shawarma, served as a wrap with seasoned sirloin and onion relish. This was served with a peasant salad and cilantro seasoned potatoes. Also came with a side of a some sort of creamy cucumber dipping sauce which was good.Epice is located in the heart of 12th South and the restaurant is nicely done as far a decor. Clean, modern, simple. We were greeted and seated by the owner, and the service was good. We'll definitely be back! Glad to have healthier options like Epice.
<review# 1377,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/28/2011,4/21/2012,80,87,2,4,4>So, I've been trying so incredibly hard to be good and keep my sugar addiction at bay, but after driving by this place several times I finally gave in to temptation. Bundt cake isn't the most exciting idea to me, and I wasn't quite sure what to expect besides a sugar high after eating whatever it was I'm going to get, but I was pleasantly surprised. The store is adorable and the staff is very friendly. They have no problem guiding you through the display case or giving you an opinion on flavors if you ask for it. Not to mention there was a small tray of samples(red velvet on our visit) for a quick taste. After some debating I ended up with a white chocolate raspberry "bundlet" (the slightly larger than a cupcake individual size) and my husband got a pumpkin spice. They were SO good. The cake was moist and it had just the right amount of frosting. I'm a firm believer that you don't need a tower of frosting to make your cake awesome.They do have the option of ordering a dozen bite sized "bunditinis" in assorted flavors that you can take home or bring to a party. You can also order a large one, designed and all, for a special occasion. Overall I was very impressed and would definitely come back sometime when I'm craving something sweet. If you are in the neighborhood I highly recommend stopping in for a treat!
<review# 1378,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/27/2011,4/20/2012,42,86,5,9,5>Did you know steak is sexy? I can now confirm this after my visit to Kayne Prime. My life is constantly plagued by my "Champagne Taste on a Beer Budget" love of the finer things, so when an opportunity for a free dinner at Kayne presented itself, I jumped at the chance. I arrived before our reservation to take in the lovely bar that has an open-air side looking out onto the trains of Union Station. The bartender handed my friend and I one of his own creations: a play on a whiskey and ginger ale with muddled orange slices. Pure heaven.Dinner and its service was more of the same sexy, sophisticated food and ambience we've come to love on M Street. The Wagyu steak was some of the finest red meat I've put in my mouth, pun intended, and the corn soufflé was to die for. While the price is steep, the food is worth it if you've got the wherewithal to do so. I'd definitely recommend this for work dinners, a hot date, or if you're a high-priced escort looking to score a new client. Kayne Prime didn't disappoint this Yelper, and I plan on coming back for another round....if someone wants to take me, of course.
<review# 1379,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/13/2011,4/19/2012,33,155,,4,3>Boar's Head Meats & Cheeses - cut to order like your favorite deli.Nice baguettes - crispy on the outside, chewy inside.Variety of sandwiches or you can go with the gyro/chicken/meditteranean items. My kids went sandwiches, I went mixed gryo/chicken platter.  Greek plate was a big amount of food - enjoyed it.  Kids meal sandwich looked a little small to me, but the kids ate every bite and enjoyed their cookie, too.Nice big place, free wi-fi, very quiet on a Tuesday night around dinner time. Guessing this is more of a lunch location, but don't be afraid to stop by in the evenings.  I should mention the place is spotless clean.  The gentlemen working there have a tremendous amount of pride in the store.Good stuff.  You've been to Subway how many times?  Support your local business!
<review# 1380,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/2/2011,4/18/2012,6,21,2,8,4>Martin's, Mickey roo's, Jim and nick's be on guard cause their is a new contender for top pulled pork in middle Tennessee!     I actually believe this restaurant has been open before in a different location but i never dined there so I hold no preconceived notions about tom's current product. I have eaten here two times now and i must say in their defense that both times i have arrived 15 minutes before closing so i understand its harder to keep the food fresh later into the evening. That being said i can also say both times i dined at blue moon i saw people sprinting from their cars to the front door right at closing time screaming like lunatics about how far they had driven and how much they needed some brisket. SO let's get to it:    THE FOOD.     Their pulled pork in my opinion is what they can hang their hat on. It was love at frist bite. They have 5 homemade sauces that can be added but its not necessary. That may have gotten them 5 stars right their but the second time i visited them the pork was a little dry.     Next i tried the brisket. The first time it had good flavor but was very dense. maybe needed cooking a little more just to make it fall apart or maybe that piece of meat just did not have as much fat as some. By my second visit the brisket problem was gone. This time it was awesome. Tom's ribs also have good flavor, bark and texture. They did not make my personal Mt. Rushmore of ribs but I would recommend anyone to try them. Other great and or unique things that one must try while eating here: * Cornbread.... They cook it right after you order like your personal pancake. * Taco.... Once again Homemade shell with your choice of meat covered with slaw.. yumm * Homemade broccoli casserole. Mixing BBQ and comfort food.. A natural fit. * Free green olives and spicy pickles with every meal. I never would have thought of this but it is great especially when you get a combination plate. The olives act as a pallet cleanser when you go between dishes. Genius.     In summation since this location is relatively new their is still some inconsistencies in the food from day to day but overall it is an awesome addition to the BBQ wars!     I shall return multiple times
<review# 1381,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/23/2011,4/17/2012,49,147,,5,3>i DO so love this little store.it's the closest store to my place and perfect when i need to pick up a quick little something. everyone is super nice, the store is clean and quite easy to get around. pretty much everything sold here is premium quality, so it's a touch pricier than publix or kroger. the ready to eat food is really good and they sell some of the best cookies in the entire city. do your thing, turnip truck!eric b
<review# 1382,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/4/2011,4/16/2012,130,90,1,4,4>The burritos here are fun and unique and everything tastes fresh and healthy.  I prefer to get mine over greens instead which is $1 more.  They have a  good variety of hot sauce on the counter which is always a plus in my book.  It seems a little pricy for burritos, but the portions are huge.  Also if you check in on FourSquare you get a free drink.  Just don't forget to check in on Yelp too because of course it's so much cooler. :)Service is always friendly.  In fact, recently one of the employees (maybe the manager?) volunteered to walk me to my car with his umbrella because it was pouring and I didn't have one.  Now that's service!  Decor is modern/slightly funky and they sell cute I Heart East Nashville t-shirts.
<review# 1383,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/25/2011,4/15/2012,15,74,1,6,5>I really, really like the food here. I like to get the rice that is served in the stoneware. I just love scraping out the crispy rice at the bottom of the bowl and eating it! It acts as my dessert!My family and friends go there at night time, and it's not that busy. And they're pretty accommodating with big groups. A group of 8 or 9 of us walked in, and we got seated pretty quickly.The soups are delish! I've had the kimchi and spicy tofu soup there. When they serve it, it's boiling, and you are given an egg to crack into it. I love interactive meals!The bulgogi and kalbi are pretty dang tasty though pricey... I want to say ~$17?It's a nicely decorated place. Oh, yeah! They're closed on WednesdaysCons: Price. Service was ok --  I would like a refill of my water at some point in the middle of my meal.
<review# 1384,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/29/2012,4/14/2012,26,230,,6,3>When I want to test a sushi bar, I always go for the chef's choice. For those not familiar, usually the chef's choice comes with several kinds of nigiri and sometimes a roll or sashimi on the side. Koto knocks this test out of the park every time. Oh the rolls are good too, but I have only tried a couple. Expect them to contain fresh fish and be skillfully assembled. I also like the broiled squid - I know not for everyone but you should try it!In each of my visits, I've only had one waitress and she always had the whole restaurant. She was still fast and friendly on a busy evening. I've only visited for dinner, when it's easy to be seated quickly even with a relatively full dining room.Prices are competitive to slightly lower than other sushi restaurants. Like other restaurants in the area, there is no dedicated free parking. However, after six and on weeknights (without major events), free parking is easy to find on the streets within a couple blocks.
<review# 1385,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/16/2011,4/13/2012,75,33,9,5,5>Finally a store in Nashville where you could score a GG Allin bobblehead, a vintage western shirt and insane lowbrow art from local artists. If you like punk rock, horror or just generally cool shit you need to shop here. If you don't like the aforementioned shit I'm going to ride on the assumption that you either have a giant stick lodged way up your ass or  you're probably Amish and either way you shouldn't be reading reviews on Yelp.
<review# 1386,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/24/2011,4/12/2012,126,270,3,4,3>I love going to Apex to get my beauty on! I typically go for the signature mani/pedi but yesterday (that's right they are open on Sunday) I went for the Shellac mani. If you haven't heard of the Shellac mani, imagine a mani without chips and smudges! The Shellac mani is $35 which is fair compared to other salons around town. Also, it is supposed to last for two weeks! How awesome is that!? Once you Shellac, you never go back!
<review# 1387,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/16/2014,4/20/2014,43,108,,12,6>I want to preface this review that I lived here for two years, from 2010-2012. I only know of how Lenox was up until May 2012 & that things may have changed for the better, or for the worse. I lived in a two bedroom, two bath, patio unit that listed for "$1,400" but the new move-in special was $1,035. A great deal for a brand new unit. The unit itself had a stack washer & dryer, large kitchen appliances & huge closets. When I mean, huge, I mean HUGE. I'd almost wished the closets were a little smaller & the bedrooms themselves were larger. The master bath had a large, oval tub/shower. The laminate hard wood floor in the kitchen was nice but it showed foot prints very easily. Overall, I enjoyed the unit, even if the patio overlooked the parking garage. To enter the residential part of the building, you must use a RFID card or use the phone directory to look up the resident & then call their number & they can buzz you in. I enjoyed this system & I always felt safe. Each entrance door had a camera on it. A few things I did not like about Lenox Village was the people with pets, mainly dogs. I love animals, I've got two cats myself. However, I don't like when people take their dog to the stairwell & let the animal pee all over the place. My last year at Lenox, there was an issue with people bring their dogs to the stairwell and letting them do their business. Management knew about it & put up signs that pretty much said whoever snitched on the culprit would get a gift card or something. I wanted to put a camera up in the stairwell but that would cost a lot & would require some effort, so instead, I would just bitch about it every time I'd use the stairs. Why not use the elevator, you ask? Well it usually was on the opposite floor & I was only going up or down two flights of stairs, "Keep Moving" as the First Lady says. The trash room with the trash chute always was a mess & smelled. I don't know if people just carried their trash in their hands & threw it on the floor for a reason or what. I put my trash in a bag, tie the top & put it down the chute. Each apartment gets one (1) numbered, reserved parking spot. One (1), not two (2). This usually wasn't an issue, as there was two levels of "two hour parking" that was never monitored. I saw one car parked in the same "two hour parking" spot for months & nothing happened. As you're probably aware, the apartments are over different businesses. Our unit was over top of a sports bar. The patrons of the bar weren't loud, it was the employees that, like clockwork, every night at 1am would LOUDLY dump glass beer bottles into a metal trash can. I think they did it one at a time. At least I knew when I woke up from a sound sleep that it was 1am. Lastly, the reason we moved from Lenox was that every year the price would go up. Not by a few bucks but by a hundred. The first year was $1,035. The next year it raised to $1,125. The third year they wanted to raise it to $1,250. I understand that Lenox Village & RAM Partners (the company that owns Lenox) needs to make money, but I kind of feel that it's a slap in the face to keep charging more & more each year to people who are living in the unit, making you money. They ask for 2 months notice of you're going to renew or not, we told them no & they didn't seem to care. I would think it would matter to them however, because in the months leading up to us moving out, they were running promotions that if you got someone to move in you would get a referral. I was in the area around 4 months after we moved & noticed the unit was empty through the windows visible from the parking garage. Overall, I give the Lenox Village town center apartments 4 stars. That 4 star rating is at the $1,035 price. I would give it a 3 if it was the $1,250 price & I probably wouldn't live there for $1,400 a month.
<review# 1388,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/14/2014,4/19/2014,160,232,2,11,3>It is borderline treasonous how delicious this place is! Wise tip: if you're not Indian, do not let them convince you that you should get the "medium" spiciness. They conned me into this (probably because of my skin color) and my meal simply wasn't spicy enough. When I return, I'm going straight for the hot! I want to go back right now.
<review# 1389,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/2/2014,4/18/2014,60,232,8,13,10>Birthday dinner! WooHoo free dessert!!OK.  I have to echo Jason S.'s sentiment a little bit.  (However, I do live in Brentwood/have lived in Franklin and am not a mouth breather nor a fan of chains.  I travel for business and get enough chains in Anniston, AL and Jonesboro, AR thank you very much.  When I'm home I want something authentic.)  That being said, when Gray's opened and there were so many crappy reviews on Yelp, I thought, "Damn, I was looking forward to that place."  Now I have to say, "Hold the phone just one minute here..." those reviews had to be rigged.  NB:  When Gus' Chicken opened, much to my husband's delight...he left an enthusiastic review which got immediately filtered into the trash bin, so I know they are picky...but didn't catch a bunch of reviewers with single digit reviews and no pictures?Ok...I'm over it.  We had a great experience and wonderful meal last night at Gray's on Main.  The service was spot-freaking-on.  JJ delivered friendly, efficient service despite the fact that the place was packed (yes, packed) and he gave us some great background info on the building that we really enjoyed.I had two drinks, Royal Nectar and Southern Drum that were both scrumptious.  My husband had some bourbon thing that I don't remember but it was yummy too and he followed that with a beer he also enjoyed.Dinner for me was 2 apps, shrimp & grits that was the best I've had...the cheddar grits are done as 4 cakes with BIG blackened shrimp on top.  I also had fried green tomatoes (because this Yankee girl cannot get enough of those things) and the breading was light and kind of sweet and they came with goat cheese.  My husband had steak and sweet potato biscuits.  We shared everything...all good.  I didn't waste tummy space on the fries he had but he said they were good.Dessert (did I mention it was my birthday dinner?  It was.) consisted of chocolate cobbler, oh my so good and the only thing better was the red velvet gelato on top.Good food/drinks, unique atmosphere, good service, an appreciative owner...we will be back a lot...a-lot-a-lot.Take that phantom reviewers...who does that anyway?
<review# 1390,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/3/2014,4/17/2014,19,55,6,8,3>I gave our dining experience a solid "B-" last night and my hubster remarked, "what...you didn't like it?" I explained that a B-anything is not shabby and it was something I aspired to all through my school years.There are many reviews already so I won't be repetitive. Jason's was very thorough so check it out here:  yelp.com/user_details?usCONS: 1. Don't say you have "sweet tea" if what you mean is unsweet tea and you're going to bring out sweetener that I have to add. That's work that could easily be done back in the kitchen. Even if it's a cute little pitcher of simple syrup, I don't want to work at dinner. That's one reason you'll never see me order crab.  This is the South. Tea is sweet. And it's just polite to sweeten it in the back. Otherwise, say you only have unsweet tea and be honest.2.  The restaurant is smallish. They've done a lot with the interior but the size of the building is what it is. Because of this, every time the door opened, a few seconds later, a blast of cold, arctic air shot up my back...and we were seated in the middle of the restaurant!3.  Noise level. OK, so I'm borderline agoraphobic with a healthy intolerance for loud noises on a good day. Something I find just grating is when a group of ladies start hee-hawing and "hey!"ing and single-handedly lift the noise level in an otherwise quiet establishment. Our 6 pm reservation started off with a half-full dining room, mostly couples and 2 tables with children (no, as a parent, I would not say this is a child-friendly place and, frankly, I got away from my own kid so I don't want to look at or hear yours. Date night, people.). We sat at a 2-top, chair on one side/booth on the other table and were able to speak quietly across the table. By the end of the evening, I was employing lip reading and actually stuffed little tufts of toilet paper in my ears while in the restroom to help buffer/drone the din of the joint.4.  Dessert. The "piece de resistance." The finale. The zenith. The epilogue. For those, like me, who are part elf and suffer through appetizers and main courses just to get to dessert, I must say I was disappointed by the sweets offering. It was too frou-frou. Too ostentatious. Just too. As a chef, I know "those people" want to put their spin, their signature, on every single plate that comes out of the kitchen. But dessert is the ultimate comfort food.  It's an epicurean way of saying "there, there...everything's going to be OK." I don't need 12 ingredients on a plate that's supposed to be chocolate cake. I just want chocolate cake. A really good one. And, if you absolutely have to, you can drizzle some glaze on the saucer before you plate the cake or pipe some foam reduction or cream something or other on the side and top it with a fresh mint leaf, but this is a classic K.I.S.S. scenario:  keep it simple, silly.PROS:1. Valet parking.2. Pretty inside.3. Service was attentive, friendly & informative without being pushy, sarcastic, indifferent, rushed or hovering.4.  Food was delicious. And reasonably priced.5.  French press coffee. Divine.6. Bathroom. Guys, this will be lost on you, but, ladies, it was a nice restroom. 2 stalls. Cute sink. Nice faucet. Good quality, heavy paper hand towels. And yummy soap and lotion at the ready. Also, good placement/proximity of trash can to exit door for disposing of the "door opener towel."WHAT WE ORDERED:- Skillet of pretzel rolls with mustard butter (appetizer)- Brussels sprouts, charred orange, dried cherry, peanut vinaigrette, rye onion rings (vegetable)- Beef cheeks, horseradish risotto, rosemary crumble (entree)- Josephine (hangar) steak, fries, herb butter (entree)- 2 UNsweet "sweet" teas- 2 coffeesLink to website:  josephineon12th.com
<review# 1391,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/1/2014,4/16/2014,139,236,1,12,9>Amazing experience tonight.  We walked in 15 minutes before closing and ordered the brisket and they obliged with no problems.  Even though they were 86 on a few items like Ribs etc and looked run through the ringer.   My wife and I shared an amazing brisket plate (it's best brisket I've ever had puts those trendy places in town to shame).  Now my 3 year old was hell bent on proving to everyone how strong he was by opening and closing the door to go inside ALL BY'S HIS DAMN SELF for 20 minutes.  Now they are closed at this point.  The owner comes out and apologizes (we were in no rush and actually I felt bad we were keeping them late because he really is a great guy from the few times I've met him) that the food willbe out soon.  And it was.  And the brisket green beans okra and cornbread were delicious as always.  But something really stood out this time.  Despite my son still running crazy around the place at 810-815pm.  He offered and then brought us a free cup of Mac n cheese and a cookie for our son (even apologized about the cookie in case it was a bad idea this late at night for a 3 year old).  I thanked him dearly and here I am riding home and writing this review while fresh in my memory.  I willsupport this place to the ends of the earth.  Gentleman owned.   WONDERFUL BBQ.
<review# 1392,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/30/2014,4/15/2014,14,53,7,6,6>Two words:Basil gelato.I have dreams about it. (five more words)
<review# 1393,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/9/2014,4/14/2014,48,118,8,10,7>There was French food on my plate a second a go! It was inhaled and I find myself embroiled in a life and death battle over a shared dessert. Delicious fun!Remember that Chinese restaurant you always meant to visit on West End, well it's gone now. The ceiling has been removed and the beams of a grand high ceiling were revealed. Oh and it's a delightful French restaurant, did I mention that? well yeah. That happened, and it's a good thing!White table cloths, art, ya get it, French place, on to the food.We sat at the bar for lunch and shared the Quiche du jour, which had a great texture, crust, and savory blend of flavors without being too heavy.  We also shared the Croque Monsieur. This is a ham and cheese sandwich in an Armani suit. Blissful.Grilled to perfection with a great Béchamel sauce.We then shared ( read as fought over) a nice crepe with a cream filling accompanied by an apple fritter.We finished our wine, bid adieu to our gracious bartender and continued our day satisfied! Visit mon ami, y'all will dig it!
<review# 1394,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/25/2014,4/13/2014,26,148,1,10,3>My husband and I live down the street from here, so we decided to get takeout one evening. Everything was fresh and oh so delicious! I love avocado in my sushi, and they sure gave me plenty on my Green Dragon roll! I also got the Crunchy Crab roll, which was also very tasty...it also had a spicy kick to it, but not where it overwhelms your mouth. Everyone should also try their chicken dumplings...they are so good! They put some sauce on top of it, and it makes me wonder what it is, because it brings out the flavor in the dumplings.This makes me happy that they are conveniently down the street, and very well priced! They don't have a lot of choices, but it's still amazing! I will definitely be back!
<review# 1395,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/12/2013,4/12/2014,57,97,2,5,7>Flying Saucer is my favorite beer drinking spot. I know, its a chain. So shoot me! I have been a big fan of Flying Saucer for years. It is just a super chill place to eat, drink and be merry. Their pretzels are an awesome addition while sampling all of the brews. I always park behind the building. They validate, so it isn't too expensive. Honestly, the number one reason why I love going to Flying Saucer is because I am part of their Beer Knurd club. I used to only drink the same two or three types of beer but now I am trying all sorts and enjoying the process! 200 different beers gets you a plate on the ceiling. I will get that plate if it kills me!
<review# 1396,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/19/2014,4/11/2014,91,274,5,5,4>Dear East Nashville, I get so insanely mad when you have cool little joints pop up like daisies.  Especially when this aforementioned coffee addict hears there's a sweet coffee place to be had across yonder river.  I grumble every time I must cross into your borders to see what the fuss is about only to be once again humbled that yes, it was worth the stupid drive.  Why must you open such a fantastic little (speaking figuratively since this place is HUGE on the inside and outside) coffeehouse with hand-poured coffee and yummy little noshes?  Why must you provide so much space to post up with my laptop and work on my schoolwork, and be worlds cooler and more delicious than that crap Starbucks calls coffee?  I'd ask why you feel the need for a record player but then I remember where I am.  There's a beautiful outdoor space for sitting that I will surely be trying out come warmer weather, complete with old trucks for decoration.  I guess I'll have to buy skinny jeans, roll them up, pack up my (non-Apple) laptop and head over to actually get work done since this is a good place for that, and also for learning about local shows (see the awesome board by the bathrooms) and maybe meeting friends for a caffeine boost.  East Nashville, we are obviously having an illicit affair and I will ask you not to tell Midtown ok?  Sincerely, a coffee-loving science nerd.
<review# 1397,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/4/2012,3/1/2013,51,203,1,4,3>The place was amazing! My husband and I went here with a gift card we got from our good friends. It was so so delicious. The best part of the meal was actually the flour gnocci in cream sauce they brought out as a courtesy. Tell them it's your first time so you can have it too! We ordered the BLT (bacon lobster and tomato ravoli)- rich broth that I wanted to keep sipping on, so good. We also had the beef tenderloin, which was super tender with richly seasoned veggies. It was certain southern with a flair- everything was so decadent and rich. I need a reason to come back here. Can I say again- amazing! My favorite in fine dining in Franklin for sure, even stretching into Nashville. Love!
<review# 1398,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/8/2013,2/28/2013,33,287,7,8,7>Oh, man. I think I'm in love. My husband got himself a new job that's dangerously close to downtown, so now I have a good reason to finally go downtown (a place I try to avoid) and try all of these new restaurants I keep hearing about: "Hey, baby, how's about I take you out to lunch?" Coffee, Lunch has been tempting me for weeks with pictures of their different sandwiches and desserts on Twitter, so it was first on my list. We parked in the pay lot beside it. If you are lucky and have change on you, you can park in one of the metered spaces, but we weren't those lucky people today. We walked in, and I was immediately entranced by the desserts displayed by the counter. I wanted to just order all desserts, but since I had skipped breakfast so that I'd be hungry enough to eat with my husband (I sleep late), I thought it might be wise to order actual food. Since I was starving, everything on the menu looked good. I finally decided on the Turkey and Cheese hoagie. Oh, man. It was absolutely delicious. I was too busy devouring it to pay attention to what was on it. If I remember correctly from the menu board above the counter, pesto and arugula were two of the items included in this magic that they captured between two slices of bread. It was literally one of the best sandwiches I've ever had. I wanted to walk up to the counter and ask for a refill. I think I would have eaten another. I opted for dessert instead. I love all things chocolate (as long as coconut is not in the equation), so I would have been happy with the Cookie Dough Truffles, a massive chocolate chip cookie, or a chocolate parfait. Instead my husband and I decided to split a Spiked Chocolate Almond bun. I'm going to assume they spiked it with crack or something. I'm addicted already. I'm going to have to have another. The only thing that would have made it better is if it would have been warm. I would have probably fallen into a happy dessert coma right then. You know, I bet they would have heated it for me had I asked. Note to self...Oh, and let's not leave out the lovely people behind the counter. They were all very friendly. They totally made our experience today. I mean, what is good food if you are getting crappy service? I can't wait to come back.
<review# 1399,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/6/2012,2/27/2013,44,98,1,6,3>I'm a huge fan of breakfast food, and any independent restaurant that serves breakfast all day. My friend and I stopped in for brunch on a Thursday. We were promptly greeted and told to sit anywhere. We took are seats and were offered coffee immediately. The coffee was steaming hot and super tasty. It was hard to decide what to get. The menu was very diverse and each dish looked creative a delicious. I went well the stuffed french toast pancakes with nutella and bananas and a side of bacon. My friend got the breakfast burrito. While we were waiting on our food we sipped coffee and had fun with the Trivial Pursuit cards we found on the table. We also were amazed by the wonderful local art that hung on the walls. Our food arrived and we were amazed at how delicious it looked and smelled. The french toast pancakes were enough for 2 people. It was a pancake topped with a slice of french toast topped with nutella and banana and another slice of french toast and another pancake. It was ridiculous, but so good. The breakfast burrito was a spinach tortilla stuffed with home fries, eggs, peppers and onions, cheese and tomatoes. The whole thing was topped off with vegan chili and more cheese. We ended up trading plate 1/2 way through brunch. Everything was incredibly fresh and oh so yummy. I will be back and here and often.
<review# 1400,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/3/2012,2/26/2013,76,472,,7,3>Used the webcams the first time while I was on a trip last week! Loved seeing my pup run around and have fun!
<review# 1401,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/16/2013,2/25/2013,46,758,,6,2>Our Maltese, Shelton, is a regular for the groomers here at the Belmont Pet Resort. He has never enjoyed the luxury of the Resort/Daycare portion, but my interactions with the staff here have always been wonderful.  The only downside has ever been some confusion over when Shelton's appointment was.  It wouldn't get written down in the book for some reason or another, but after a while they just got so familiar with him that it stopped being a problem.  Oh, and be sure to go out the way you came in with the parking lot. Unless you want to end up stuck behind the building. It is a very narrow lot and can make for some interesting attempts at getting out.Shelton and I completely recommend the Groomers here, the staff is completely wonderful, and based on that I can only assume the Daycare and Pet Resort part is great too.
<review# 1402,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/31/2012,2/24/2013,148,641,2,3,4>I found myself a family wash one night around my boyfriends birthday...some how he managed to sneak more than one birthday dinner this year- hmmm. Family wash has been on my list of places I should go to since I moved here, and I seriously cannot believe I have not been in sooner. Yes it's freaking tiny, freaking noisy, and freaking funky but it's also freaking awesome!I have to admit this though, I ate the entire baked brie and toast by myself, clearly it's meant for two or even three people! Anyway...I did also have a taste of the Shepard's pie and it's better than my British mother's version. Definitely a must have! I suggest arriving early or just sitting at the bar. It did take a while for us to be noticed but they were packed on pie and pint night. Also I'm not sure why they keep letting people in when there is no where to stand by the bar on packed nights. But oh well, I can live with that. A funky place indeed.
<review# 1403,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/12/2012,2/23/2013,60,232,4,9,5>We've been waiting and waiting and waiting.  My husband even stopped and questioned the landscapers the other day, "When are you opening?".  We went to Gus' last night as "seasoned" (get it?) Gus's veterans having lived and worked in Memphis.  It's one of the only reasons I ever wanted to go back to Memphis.  Until now.  The chicken was spot on with Gus's spicy, non-greasy goodness.  I'm a little worried that the Nashville Hot Chicken-o-philes will visit Gus's expecting the same.  It's NOT Nashville chicken..it's different. They are both great, however.My hub and I laugh because we always eat in silence like we're starving to death at Gus's.  Our server, when he brought out chicken, told us that they'd thrown on an extra wing.  We both said, "Great...now we have to fight over who gets it!"I'd skip the mac and cheese next time...but I'm hard to please on the M&C front.  Hubby stuck with the classic beans/slaw sides and they were fine.  I'm there for the chicken.The service was very attentive...that's the only thing that seemed a little less Gus's-like.  Part of the charm of the Front Street location in MEM was the off handed "we don't really care if you're here or not" attitude...but it is never a bad thing to be treated well so I'm still giving this place 5 stars.  Gus's chicken rocks and now I can quit saying that it's one of the only things Nashville is missing!Go here...don't expect pepperfire or prince's or the like. It's different. And...it's not fast food...but it's a lot faster than some of the other locations (if you visit those, pack a snack.)    Be patient...it's worth it.
<review# 1404,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/11/2012,2/22/2013,156,282,1,9,3>Excellent. Excellent, excellent, excellent!!  Everything we had was wonderfully prepared, tasted so good, and presented beautifully.  Etch is everything you want in a very fancy, quite contemporary restaurant.  I was at Etch for a very celebratory birthday dinner, so a sampling of EVERYTHING was welcome.  I don't drink much these days, but I did spring for the Hemingway cocktail, which I loved.  The first food recommendation from our waiter was the butter tasting, which is worth its weight in fat.  It was awesome to try the duck butter, goat butter, truffle butter, and smoked plugra butter (I'm still not too sure what plugra is, but it was awesome - I thought it tasted faintly like a smoked fish).  Then came the roasted cauliflower appetizer, which lived up to its hype.  The cauliflower itself was AWESOME, and the pea pesto and other accents it came with were awesome too.For an entreé, I had the duck.  I love duck, but what sold me was that it came with ginger grits.  It was a fabulousl tasting and well concocted meal, however I have to say the winning main dish at the table was the short ribs.  I almost ordered this, as I was really in the mood for tender red meat and korean noodles.  This would be what I opt for next time.  That shrimp aioli?  Woah...I've said my favorite restaurant in Nashville is the Midtown Café - really nice food in a classy setting (an old house), and the employees are excited about the food.  It's not overly ambitious or trendy; It's like a slice of old-Nashville.  I feel Etch is on the other end of the spectrum - creativity, modern, American but with pan-cultural undertones.  Once again, our waiter was a die-hard foodie and very excited about Etch's offerings.  Etch is an envelope pusher, and is definitely several cuts above most other Nashville "trendy" restaurants when it comes to the food!!  Definitely on its way to becoming one of Nashville's favorites, if not your own.
<review# 1405,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/24/2012,2/21/2013,85,236,,9,2>Full disclosure - I've only had breakfast here AND breakfast joints in Bellevue are pretty sadly limited, so I will do all I can to encourage this little 'can-do' joint to keep slinging out their omelets and scrambled eggs even if you can do better at a chain restaurant.  The staff is friendly even if the outside looks like a take over of a Long John Silvers (is it a take over of a Long John Silvers??).  We've always gotten in within 15 minutes even with a party of 6 or 7 on a Sunday morning.  Priced reasonably - about $7 for eggs, bacon, hashbrowns and carbo mania, the place is clean, fast and very diner feeling.
<review# 1406,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/31/2012,2/20/2013,55,189,,5,1>Pretty decent spot if you are looking for a quick gyro. I got their gyro salad and it was tasty, a little onion heavy, but tasty. I can't say this is my favorite spot for a gyro in Nashville, but it is a good one. All of their food is fresh and full of flavor. Their hummus is off the chain too.You really can't go wrong at King Solomon's!
<review# 1407,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/25/2014,5/10/2014,42,96,3,6,4>We love BR- it's kind of our "Cheers"  The bartenders Kyle and Kevin and manager Nick are all super nice guys.  Their beer selection is GREAT and they have a decent happy hour ($1 off drafts)  My husband is a burger snob and he loves it- it's in his top 5 burgers in Nashville (and he's tried a lot)  I'm not a big burger person but I've got to admit, they're fabulous.  My favorite is the jalapeno popper burger.  The shakes are out of this world.  If you don't let out a little moan when you drink a BR shake, you need to loosen up a bit.   The nachos and tater tot fondue are $5 for happy hour and both delicious snacks.
<review# 1408,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/28/2014,5/9/2014,32,114,4,8,7>I've been waiting for a special place to review as my lucky 100th Yelp review.  I do believe I have found it.Mike's Ice Cream is far and away one of our favorite places in Nashville.  Both my husband and I absolutely adore this tiny little ice cream shop in downtown Nashville and make a point to visit anytime we're downtown - no matter how full we may be from our dinner or honky-tonk fun (somehow, there's always room for ice cream).  The homemade ice cream, in fun and delicious flavors, gets us every single time.  We love Mike's Ice Cream so much that we even bought 2 giant containers to serve to our guests at our wedding rehearsal dinner - and it was a huge hit!  Even the small container of mixed berry sorbet we bought for our dairy-free guests was quickly gobbled up and thoroughly enjoyed.We love most of the flavors at Mike's, but there are a few that make the list of our "most-favoritist ice creams of all time".  Those flavors include:-Take That (seriously, too delicious for words)-Loaded Butterscotch-Toasted Coconut-Peanut Butter Cup-Red VelvetI once heard about a flavor where they take something like 6 different kinds of cake and blend them into vanilla ice cream.  I have not yet seen or tasted this flavor, but I do, on occasion, dream about it...The only downside to Mike's is that the location makes it impossible to just stop in for an ice cream cone.  It's impossible to park on the street or anywhere close to Mike's without paying big bucks.  We're fine with saving our visits for when we're already downtown anyway, but it'd be nice to be able to stop by whenever the ice cream craving hits.  But, like I said - the ice cream is worth waiting for!
<review# 1409,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/29/2013,5/8/2014,53,171,2,7,3>if you like going into meat comas, this is your place.if you like lots of salads, this is your place.if you like caribbean drumming to perform birthday songs, this is your place!you can: get really dressed up, and fit income in your secretly elastic waisted pants and fit in.the salad bar only option is $15the salad bar and all you can eat meat off of the poles option is $35---shh, the salad bar has meaty items on it too! and soup.  instead of bacon bits, it has whole slices of bacon!  there's also pasta salads, shrimp salad..you know, just look at the menu online.service is attentive, the mgr on duty makes it a point to stop by each table and inquire into the service, food, experience. also, save room/make room, shove it down, for dessert. i recommend the creme brûlée...i always recommend that though. go ahead and spring for the valet parking, it's actually cheaper than paying for the lots (valet is $10, lots are as much as $20).
<review# 1410,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/10/2014,5/7/2014,90,129,,8,7>Last month we lost our almost fifteen year old Siamese, Scout (her name is from "To Kill a Mockingbird", my favorite).  She was a Humane Society rescue back in 1999.  As heartbroken as we were, we knew that we gave her a good life complete with unconditional love and pure feline adoration.It took a bit, but we knew we were ready to open our hearts and home for new furbies to be worshipped and adored.  So this past Friday after work, I took a trip to the Nashville Humane Society.  I was on a mission.  I wasn't sure if I'd find new babies, but I was ready to look.  And looking is easy in the bright, airy center.  All the volunteers were cleaning spaces, scooping litter boxes and lavishing all the cats with affection.  They were all kind enough to offer up info about all the guys and gals that were there for adoption.  I can't say enough about these kind folks.Lo and behold, Scout gave me a sign.  I met a little guy aptly named Atticus.  Yes, that was his shelter name and I knew that Scout must have put him there for me.  At six months of age, he's still kitten enough but a big enough boy to be easily found.  Kittens can be quite good at pulling a Houdini and totally disappearing from sight.  I decided that this time I needed a pair.  So I selected a few other kitties to introduce to him and see how things worked out.  After going through a couple of others in his age range (they did not work out in the kitty visitation room), I found a large one and half year old named Jersey.  I put Jersey in with Atticus and there was instant chemistry....  Not like before where there was instant hissing, but a genuine moment of peace, mutual sniffing, and some head butting.  I spent another half an hour with them to make certain that this was mutual between all three of us - and it was!  Sold!!I completed my paperwork, got a goody bag full of loot and their respective paperwork and then I had two new buddies.  The best part was that for a St. Patrick's day special, both my new kitties were just $25 each instead of the usual $85 each.  What a bargain since both come fixed and are up-to-date on their vaccines!  I was so pleased that I made a donation on top of what I paid since I was getting a deal.I loaded my kitties into the car and we made the trek home.  Both are doing amazingly well.  I had a follow up call from the Humane Society today to follow up on how they are doing (which made me very happy that they did so).  Jersey is now named Mitze Katze (which means kitty cat in German).  My husband, a German National, has always named his cats this, so there was no questioning what one kitty would be called.   I am proud to say that they are doing well, languishing in the sunny spot, spacing out on cat nip and being adored as all pets should be.  Thanks, Nashville Humane Society, for introducing us to these two fine specimens of feline love!
<review# 1411,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/22/2014,5/6/2014,35,120,,7,3>Ok, listen up, Yelpers. I don't usually give a restaurant "5" stars but this place deserves it. I think it has become my favorite restaurant in Nashville. Yep. I said it. F.A.V.O.R.I.T.E. Before coming here, I learned a little bit about the chef/owner through a friend who knows him. After hearing about his background, I was already stoked. When I went to dinner at The Farm House tonight, I went with the mission to try as much food as I could. I successfully achieved that goal. We started off our evening with some cocktails and decided to dive into the appetizers. We ordered the pimento cheese/bacon compote, deviled eggs, and quail/waffles. All of them were delicious but I think the deviled eggs were my favorite. Whatever you choose, you will not go wrong. For our entrees, we ordered the chicken and the pork belly ravioli (I don't know the exact name of it). Both created an explosion of flavors in my mouth and were incredible. We ordered the following sides: TN White Cheddar Mac, Succotash, Fried Green Onions, Cornbread, and the Gouda Grits. These were all really good too but I think the cornbread was my favorite. It was a little salty but came with a sweet butter so it was the perfect combo. The one thing I love about this place: the freshness. So many restaurants brag about the 'fresh' items on their menu but the Farm House actually delivers. You could taste the freshness and that made the meal that much better. The service was great and I loved atmosphere of the restaurant. Kinda warehousey-antiquey-farmhousey-hipstery.. The lighting was beautiful and it was just a wonderful meal. If you're in the mood for truly fresh food, great service, and a solid meal...go to The Farm House. You'll never regret it. I promise.
<review# 1412,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/17/2013,5/5/2014,130,90,1,9,4>Who knew the East Side would become so bougie that we'd have a little French cafe nestled in between The Family Wash and the railroad tracks? Blink and you'll miss this small and unassuming restaurant and bar. It's true that it's not in the typical spot where you go to dine in East Nashville, but don't overlook this divine and delicious little gem.The service is superb and the ambiance relaxing, but what I love most about this place is that nowhere else in Nashville have I had food like this. We started going here for dinner, where my fave is the pan seared trout (can't remember the French name that's actually on the menu). Dinner is amazing, but being the brunch folks we are, have been here more often on weekend mornings recently. I usually get their house omelet, which simply has gruyere cheese in it (addl. ingredients optional for $1 more). I'm not sure where they get their eggs, but they're some of the best I've had. Start off with an order of the duck fat biscuits (listed in their specials) and you will thank me. In The South where the biscuits are plentiful and delicious, I don't think I've experienced any quite this fabulous. I actually get sad once they're eaten. Today I swayed from the usual and got the frittata from their specials, which had kale, tomato confit, and ham. It was excellent. Their coffee is great as well.Because of the location, they are not impossible to get into without reservations on a Friday or Saturday night, so a great option if you're not a planner and didn't make reservations a month out like you have to for some area restaurants.
<review# 1413,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/15/2014,5/4/2014,111,160,,4,3>Not bad at all for a dive! Cash only, beer only. Usually karaoke, always pool and shuffleboard. And a super fine bartender named Sarah! They've got some super cheap bar food and you'll only pass it once or twice trying to find it ;)
<review# 1414,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/15/2014,5/3/2014,120,286,3,8,3>They always suck me in with their dastardly $5 lunch specials and then slap me upside the head with the best bar menu in Belmont, and the most amazing salt and pepper fries. Pro Tip: If you go after 2pm, you can get great parking, the lunch special, and happy hour deals.  Service is always prompt and pleasant.
<review# 1415,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/5/2014,5/2/2014,44,367,3,10,4>Amazing experience! This is a wonderful addition to not only East Nashville but the city in general. The menu has just the right selection so everyone is satisfied. Ramen, skewers, appetizers, and salads. There are even a few sushi rolls if you're not feeling like noodles. My friend and I sat at the bar while waiting for the rest of our group to arrive and had a couple of cocktails: ginger/pineapple tonic and Dutch on the Run. The tonic was as good as you'd expect, but Dutch was spectacular. The bartenders were very knowledgable and also gave us and other people at the bar samples! I'm okay with that.Most of us ordered the ramen bowls, which will definitely fill up anyone. My friend ordered the crispy Brussels sprouts, and let me just say: our drinks were great, so was dinner, even the dessert we sampled, but the BRUSSELS SPROUTS, GET OUT OF TOWN. They were that good.I will definitely be coming back here. The space is so cozy and the Japanese tavern style is unique for Nashville. It's been a while where I've been so wowed over a new restaurant.Disclaimer: they have a policy that does not allow you to take leftover ramen home.
<review# 1416,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/26/2014,5/1/2014,194,461,2,5,6>Their cake pops are like crack. I'm serious. They are so moist and full of flavor. I have to actively stop myself from stopping there everyday. They also sell colorful macarons, cupcakes, cookies, etc. For weddings, parties, and what not they offer a dessert bar. If they don't have it listed on their website, I bet they would be willing to consider it.Beyond the cake pops and treats they are also accomplished cake bakers and decorators. I am actually using them for my wedding cake and I can't speak highly enough of their professionalism and craft. I have no doubt that our cake is going to look top notch and taste incredible. Brittany has been a delight to work with. She has been patient, willing to go with the flow, and on top of things. Again, check out their website for a gallery of their cakes.Finally their shop is so whimsical and lovely. It's a must stop when in East Nashville or Nashville in general. You can also see examples of their cakes. It's a perfect Saturday stop!
