<review# 1,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/13/2011,11/19/2011,290,116,3,5,6>A new favorite spot in Pittsburgh! Too bad it's all the way out in the South Hills! I would be eating the fresh beet salad for lunch everyday! As a starter Mr. B and I ordered the Beet salad and Cold platter. The salad had such amazing flavor, I tasted anise, cumin, coriander, and a spacial tangy vinaigrette that had me thinking the beets had been marinated or pickled. Paired with the walnuts and Gorgonzola on a bed of fresh greens. Aaahmaazing! The cold platter consisted of hummus, Tak-tooka, and Zaalooouk. The last two were new to me and I wanted more, with the homemade pita we scooped up every bite. The hummus also had a unique consistency and seasoning. BYOB spaces are my favorite and in commemoration of the Halloween holiday I picked out a red zinfandel that was a ZOMBIE wine. It was only a $12 bottle but with the entree it really tasted decent.We ordered the special of the evening a specially Moroccan seasoned Chicken on the bone, with cous cous. The taste was delicately sweet but also had power with the other spices. The cous cous was very light and almost buttery. We really enjoyed our meal and I will be back to try more. At the end of the evening the Chef and owner came out to check on every table. I have to say he was welcomed by smiles all around!
<review# 2,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/14/2011,11/18/2011,81,73,6,8,7>I went here with my beer-savy mom for a causal dinner tonight. Normally I would be all over their expansive draft list but unfortunately I had a couple too many last night.  So I skipped the draft list because my body might have shut down if I put one more hop into it. We sat in the back of the restaurant in the corner. We passed the bar and it seems to be pretty poppin for a sunday yet still family friendly (no body shots...at that point). I ordered the Chicken and Rice soup, and the Seafood Trio with double veg.  It's hard to mess up or knock you socks off with Chicken & Rice soup but it was yummy.  My mom got the Monkey (something) from East End...actually that might be a complete lie. It was some sort of wheat beer but I didn't try it because my "condition". She enjoyed it. The seafood trio was good! The salmon and shrimp where the high points, tuna on the lower side. I mean... I ate the whole thing which included a huge portion of broc. It seems like the management really cares about having their customers excited about the establishment.  They have a ton of events (tastings, concerts, pairings, brewery nights). I like when restaurants are proactive about events because they become more of an entertainment destination rather than just a restaurant.  Props. PROS: very friendly and knowledgeable service, great beer list, friendly atmosphere, customizeable menu, outdoor portion, tons of eventsCONS: location. ugh. strip mall in robinson. OVERALL: I will be back for some of the events and brews!
<review# 3,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/19/2011,11/17/2011,2678,1419,9,18,17>My childhood friend Dan and his lovely wife Jessica brought me to Union Grill Sunday prior to the Devin Townsend concert at Altar Bar...to test me."They have a killer burger," Dan told me, eager to see me vanquish yet another gargantua of ground chuck. "I want to know what you think of it, if it stacks up against Tessaro's."It would be a titanic struggle, but the Godburger is still the Godburger, UG's burger falling just a notch short of Tessaro's legendary grill creation.That still doesn't mean the UG's Steakburger is unworthy. In fact, if Tessaro's is the Godburger (look up my review), UG's is the Demigod burger; what Hercules is to Zeus. I ordered mine with lettuce, tomato, onions, avocado, bacon, mayonnaise, a pickle lance, and aged mozzarella, one of a number of specified cheeses designed to compliment the meat, which it did divinely. The Steakburger, cooked medium as always, was high, wide, chunky, wet with juice, did in fact taste like a minced sirloin served in a hearty bun with fixings, and seemingly took forever to defeat. Its sheer girth nearly dislocated my jaw when I attempted the first chomp. Dan's burger made him tap out halfway through the fight. I have to knock off one star for the shoestring potato sticks since I felt they were best suited as a complimentary bar snack, not as a side dish for a meal. Dan let me try his excellent waffle fries, and I smacked myself upside the head for not choosing them.The three of us savaged the Brownie Sundae like a pack of rabid hellhounds, plunging our spoons through the layers of hot fudge, piped-on whipped cream (homemade?), vanilla ice cream (also homemade?), and the dark, bloody luxury of the iced brownie in the quest to achieve the perfect bite of pure confection. As I poured the hot fudge (served on the side in a cup) o'er top the accursed dessert, Dan said to me, "Man, you really know how enjoy food."And that's what UG is all about; enjoying food, traditional food, quality food that is executed well without haughtiness.P.S. The service was rather good.
<review# 4,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/18/2011,11/16/2011,297,472,,8,4>Here is another hidden gem and one of the most magnificent views of the city bar none.Located at the sharp turn at Baily Avenue (right, it's nowhere near Grandview Ave) it's one of those places you could totally miss if you didn't know it was there.Lot of activities here, yoga classes, movies in the park, and more. Lots of benches for relaxing Seems to be a park a lot of people bring their dogs for walkingThe view of downtown, it's buildings, the rivers, and even Oakland is one of the best in town. Parking can be hard, as it's street parking. Best to walk to the park if you live on Mt Washington.
<review# 5,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/27/2011,11/15/2011,1891,388,9,13,8>Shut the front door! Forget Hershey's, Godiva and whoever else you can think of. Give me Sarris any day. Their chocolate is so creamy, smooth and decadent. Like others have said their prices are a little high for some things. Their chocolate covered pretzels are delicious! You can get them in dark, milk and white chocolate. They also feature chocolate covered popcorn, chocolate candy bars, cashew and peanut butter meltaways, smores and more. They have the cutest little chocolates in everything you can think of like animals, cars, baseballs, footballs, hockey pucks, golf clubs, letters, slot machines and so much more! They even have chocolate baby, communion, graduation, party and wedding favors. They even have the die hard chocoholics covered with all sorts of chocolates like caramels, coconut mounds, chocolate covered cashews, turtles and much more. If you like jelly beans then you're in luck! They have a wall of jelly beans with over 60 different flavors! Don't get me started on their ice cream. Their butter pecan ice cream is life changing. They offer cake, sugar and waffle cones. One scoop is more than enough for the average person. Two scoops and you will need some Tums. They also offer milkshakes and huge sundaes. Don't forget to check out the huge chocolate castle. They update it for every season. Right now it's a summer theme. All in all, Sarris reminds me of the original Willy Wonka movie. A place with candy and chocolate everywhere. If you're ever visiting Pittsburgh or here for a layover this place is a must stop. If you're out of state check out their website. They ship! sarriscandies.comIf God was in the chocolate making business Sarris would be His chocolate store.
<review# 6,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/3/2011,11/14/2011,101,91,1,6,5>I LOVE Nicholas Coffee. I have been working near Market Square for over a year now.  After my first few months of Starbucks disappointments, I ventured into Nicholas. They have a very large selection of coffees, teas, and European import items. Their pumpkin spice latte not only tastes like pumpkin pie, but its a full $2 cheaper than Starbucks'.  Every day, they make fresh whipped cream, roasted peanuts, and peanut butter.All of the baristas are extremely friendly and helpful. They also have amusing facebook updates, some of which contain Bill Cosby sweater references. I also enjoy their innovative latte creations (See the 'Batman' themed latte menu I posted). Nothing to complain about.
<review# 7,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/2/2011,11/13/2011,266,276,3,6,3>This is a place where geeks can totally geek out! Aside from the cartoon art pieces that brings you back to your childhood, I wanted every and all things in the gift shop. From spider-man bobbleheads, superman lunchboxes, hipster cartoon graphic tees, mugs, and more, this place will make my holiday shopping much much easier since all my friends are just as big of a nerd as i am!There are many more events that this place hosts that gets me even more giddy. Who can resist all night gaming parties on a big pull down screen? Not this geek!
<review# 8,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/27/2011,11/12/2011,23,38,,4,2>Food: Of all the frozen yogurt places in Pittsburgh, Razzy Fresh has to be considered the best.  There are 8-10 choices of yogurt to choose from ranging from original, to exotic fruits, to chocolate, and you can mix and match as many as you desire.  There are tart and sweet varieties and lowfat, no-fat, and original too.  There are at least 15 toppings to choose from, and you put them on yourself! You can stack as many blueberries, fruity pebbles, or gummy bears on as you want, unlike other frozen yogurt places which place the toppings for you and charge additional for each one.  There are many fresh fruit options and all the typical ice-cream topping goodies too.  The cup you are given to load up your yogurt into is huge and you can help yourself to a lot or a little.  Price: You are charged by weight, so however hungry you are determines how much you pay.  I loaded up a pretty large cup that was more than enough to fill me up and paid around $3.50.  This is much more affordable than other frozen yogurt locations in the city.Atmosphere: If you choose to eat there, there are plenty of tables for a small or large group.  We parked on Craig St., which is always a challenge.Service: The line moves fast.(+): great taste, great price(-): parkingWould I go back again? Absolutely.  My new favorite dessert place.  And when made correctly with fresh fruit, I don't even feel guilty about it.
<review# 9,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/5/2011,11/11/2011,167,215,8,5,4>"You're in the hot seat tonight. That's where Christian Bale sat on Thursday!" said our sweet waitress to my husband. "He had the bluest eyes. I was going to ask him if they were contacts, until I realized who it was."Perhaps needless to say, I proceeded to spend most of the rest of dinner imagining what it would be like to have dinner with Christian Bale, but each time I was brought back to reality by a bite of my tasty burger. I went with a traditional American cheeseburger, while Christian, I mean, my husband, got the Gourmet burger. Both were cooked to our specifications (medium and rare, respectively), and were juicy and flavorful. No french fries here as sides, which is an interesting decision, and makes the experience more unique. Though we could have gotten something healthy, like steamed broccoli, we both went with the home fries. They were great: tender on the inside, crispy on the outside & flavorful. Because so many of the review focused on the burgers, we were surprised to see they have lots of other menu items, including fish & ribs. So, I plan to return and give some other menu items a try. Prices are very reasonable, and I'd say easily the best burger I've had in Pittsburgh (though it's no Vortex burger!!). And, by the way, Mr. Bale is an excellent tipper.
<review# 10,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/26/2011,11/10/2011,235,192,,2,4>If you enjoy Martinis, then Olive-or-Twist is a must-see!  :)Near the Lemongrass Cafe and the Renaissance Hotel, It's a cozy little bar; it's narrow and has an exposed-brick, jazz-house type of feel to it.Very dimly lit, a great little spot for an evening drink before or after a show in the Cultural District of Pittsburgh!Obviously, their specialty is going to be martinis and they do a nice job of offering up traditional martinis as well as some fruity, tasty, sweet martinis.They also serve food and have a nice sized menu; I've never had the opportunity to eat here, but some of the things that were coming out of the kitchen looked and smelled delish!The crowd here is typically young, trendy and professional.By Day, its a great spot for suits to grab a quick cocktail and something to eat.By 4:30, its filling up with more suits and skirts, for the after-work crowd in downtown.By the evening, you'll have the trendy, young types.(I'm also fully convinced that this is where trendy wanna-be types will go to dress up, as-if they were at work for the day, and then go to hang out to rub elbows with those who actually do work!  lol)This is a great place to go before or after baseball games, theater shows, and just because.PROS:Atmosphere is a pro, here.  Pretty laid back, IMO;Great idea-inducing drink menu if you have no idea what you'd like to drink;Lots of suggestions if you want to "try something new";Also serves food.CONS:Parking is terrible (as with all things, Pittsburgh.  Try the garage across from the Renaissance Hotel);eh... a tad bit pricey for "just a lot of vodka", lol;it gets pretty full, pretty quick (which can also be a PRO depending on whom you ask).*Update to follow, soon.(Its been a little while since I was there last)
<review# 11,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/20/2013,6/30/2013,102,199,1,6,4>Monkey Boy is absolutely one of my top ten beers.  Put down your Blue Moon, and drink this instead.  If you like Bells Oberon, Monkey Boy will be your jam.  I have yet to try a bad beer from here.  Monkey's Uncle, Bigger Hop, Gratitude, Snow Melt--all great.At both the brewery and at Pgh Public Mart, the staff has been exceptionally polite and friendly.  They are genuinely into beer and talk your ear off--in a good way--if you have questions.The brewery itself is pretty cool in that it's not trying too hard to be hip.  It's focused on the beer, with absolutely no gimmicks.  It's a great place to hang around and sample something new--there are about ten beers on tap at any given moment and they change seasonally.
<review# 12,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/19/2013,6/29/2013,91,209,2,3,4>DATE NIGHT! After the Point State Park fountain reopening fiasco, the boyfriend and I headed over to Girasole for our dinner reservation. We walked through the crowded dining room to the table nearest the kitchen. It was just quiet enough there to chat and the service was speedy. Bread and butter were immediately put on the table and as soon as a glass of wine made its way to my hand, I was in a happy place.The atmosphere is fantastic--tons of happy, chatting groups of people. The food was fantastic. I got the ravioli, which appeared to have been made in house (different sized pieces) and served with a delicious, creamy tomato sauce. YUM. It came with a side salad with some interesting toppings like sunflower seeds. I love little details like that.Overall, great experience and I would definitely go back!
<review# 13,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/1/2013,6/28/2013,147,143,9,9,8>Las Palmas is the platonic ideal of the ultimate mexican taco stand.  I'm normally not even a taco fan, but they take it to a completely different level, every savory bite is a transformative flavor experience.  Here is Las Palmas by the numbers:1 other mexican restaurant's all-mexican staff that told me Las Palmas is where THEY all go out to eat2 dollars is the price of each taco.  Each taco is actually wrapped with 2 hand made soft taco tortillas and have a double portion of meat (potato salad is an option for vegetarians), so it's more like 1 dollar per standard size taco.  Gourmet, fresh, delicious mexican at cheaper than taco bell prices!4 is how many tacos I ate.  I ordered 2, left, ate them, and immediately returned to buy more to go to bring home for dinner that night!10 is how many different fresh toppings they have, guacamole, peppers, limes, cilantro, onions and a variety of salsas from mild to absolutely DEADLY hot habaneros!7 is how many days a week I'd happily eat Las Palmas tacos!
<review# 14,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/9/2013,6/27/2013,101,91,2,5,5>Smokin' Joe's has become a regular stop for me in the past two years, mostly because I'm there once a week for trivia.  I like going here for several reasons:First, they have an extensive and relatively cheap beer list.  60 on tap and over 300 in bottles. Second, They are open 11 am - 2 am every day of the week.  Since my "weekend" is Monday-Tuesday, I appreciate somewhere I can go to unwind on a Sunday night. Third, they have some of the best wings in the city.  if you go on a Wednesday, they are 40 cents each (25 for boneless). Lastly, it's the perfect South Side "Goldilocks" bar.  It's not expensive and pretentious, but it's not so shady that you think you will get knifed if you insist on ordering something classier than Miller Light. A few weaknesses to note. The bartenders are amazing, but some of their servers are painfully slow.  Also, the food menu is really hit or miss.  The wings, spinach dip, and french onion soup are all fantastic.  Their burgers and sandwiches are somewhat lacking.  Overall, however, Smokin' Jones is one of my favorite bars in the South Side.
<review# 15,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/13/2013,6/26/2013,102,290,,6,4>If you have yet to make it out to Jozsa Corner, make an appointment now! One of a kind experience that is a must. Minimum of four people on the weekdays and six on the weekends. You definitely need to call to make a reservation as there is limited seating and food but am not sure of how things are noted - there was a mix up with mine where when I called we were bundled with a birthday party but he couldn't remember when we got there but nonetheless he didn't want to turn us away so squeezed us in the corner in the back room. The decor fits the restaurant - I think we sat next to a mirror and record player... The food as others reviewers said was non stop and does consist of cabbage, noodles and sausage and bread. You eat out of paper plates and utensils. Bring cash and BYOB. Parking in the back across the tracks. All of it was awesome though and Alex is quite the host!!
<review# 16,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/16/2013,6/25/2013,22,42,,3,2>A 2-part reviewI pretty much go to the Science Center about once or twice a year and think this is one of the best places to bring an age-appropriate kid to, maybe 5 and up? I''ve noted that the admission is not cheap but really - Look at the amazing exhibits they have! I would suggest for anyone with kids who can afford it to get the membership and take advantage of these resources and know that your kids brains are getting exercise in a fun way.Not just for kids, there is always something new to learn in an interesting and interactive way. You can alway check out a laser or Omnimax show for an extra price as well.I recently went to the new summer exhibit "Bikes: Science on Two Wheels" and found it to be darn cool. They have an interesting selection or bicycles from all over the country ranging from old-timey Penny Farthings to Pee Wee Herman's bicycle. And of course they have to add the science behind them, duh.  Interactive stations teach about basic physics principals.  Be warned - your kids will be tempted and want to jump on the bicycles, (there are even 2 Big Wheels!) so keep an eye on them!
<review# 17,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/4/2013,6/24/2013,11,40,,3,3>This place was good! My fiancé and I went here last night on a whim. We had no idea it was so...dressy inside, so we were a little underdressed. (Jeans don't seem appropriate here.) But hey, that's life. The atmosphere is romantic. Dim with bamboo features and a very zen waterfall wall. I had a delicious tequila cocktail called El Jefe, that I would order again in a second and my fiancé had a Flying Dog beer. He ordered two appetizers for his dinner (shrimp spring rolls and a pork stir fry type thing) and I had the crispy tofu and chopped salad. Everything was very tasty. My only gripe was I felt like it was pretty expensive for what we got... We spent $75 all told, and we didn't even hit the "entree" side of the page or have multiple drinks a piece. Still, I would definitely be back. This is definitely the kind of place I would go for a special occasion or the next time my folks are in town.
<review# 18,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/14/2013,6/23/2013,93,75,,5,3>From the warm and delicious dinner rolls to the sweet and picturesque Tres Leches, our meal was perfection from beginning to end.  Our waiter promptly greeted us and explained the menu while we made the difficult decision of what to order.  After perusing, we selected an appetizer of smoked scallops with foie gras paté, country bread, asparagus, truffle vinaigrette.  What a beautiful presentation!  Before this night, I never had foie gras - so rich!  Combined with the sweetness of the scallop and crispness of the green, this dish tantalized my taste buds. For my entree, I chose roasted game hen with spring risotto, English peas,fava beans, haricot verts, lemon + tarragon reduction.  I could eat this risotto everyday!  The creaminess combined with the perfectly seasoned game hen, topped with the lemon and tarragon reduction - I was incredibly pleased.  Finally, to close out our perfect evening I felt the need for something light but sweet.  Tres Leches was the ideal selection.  For this - I truly have no words!  It was probably my favorite dessert thus far.  It hit every note - sweet, savory, cool, warm, tart,,, I left with a smile.Spoon was delicious, beginning to end.  I will definitely return and soon.
<review# 19,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/23/2013,6/22/2013,351,500,3,7,3>Very tiny and cramped space, so go early or make a reservation, and hope that you're not seated near the door, as there is nothing between you and the winter wind when it's opened. The food here is made from scratch and very fresh, and I very much enjoyed my lunch of house salad and soup of the day, which was a tangy and delicious tomato bisque. The salad is very lightly dressed with a minty vinaigrette and was tasty. I would go with the veggie sampler next time, as my husband ordered ti and it was great. I have had the chicken tagine and found it swimming in a little too much oil for my taste. Great place to go if you're a vegetarian.
<review# 20,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/5/2013,6/21/2013,94,114,,5,2>Isis is such a unique addition to Pittsburgh, let alone Brookline. It has to be one of the only Egyptian restaurants in the city and the quality of food is great. Unfortunately, it looks a little less than it is due to the fact that it is in the former produce store and is plagued with the old awning. Please take this place seriously if you choose to experience some of their food, as they mean business when it comes to their cuisine. Also, take a moment and talk to the family that is running the business. They are putting everything they have into it and I really admire them. The food is excellent! I had the tasting menu and sampled a little bit of everything. There wasn't much that i didn't like, and the things that weren't my favorite was solely because it's something I would normally not enjoy, but I was happy to try them anyways. They are open later in the evenings now and also serve brunch, which I will be making a point to try in the very near future. FYI, they are BYOB, too!
<review# 21,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/8/2014,1/21/2014,34,55,3,7,3>Half-priced burgers Tuesday Night (I kinda don't want to advertise this here at the fear of the place being crowded when I go!). A great deal - 3 bucks for a 1/2 lb burger and then you can add a bunch of free toppings and then other toppings are like a buck each. My burger with cheese and fried egg, cucumbers, relish, sauteed mushrooms and banana peppers with cajun fries was a total of 6 bucks (as a graduate student, I will gladly take up on anything that gets me full in 6 bucks) - and can't forget the 6 dollar pittcher of yuengling.The thing I like about the upstairs is that it doesn't really get crowded until a bit later (I am talking about the weekends) - though right off of walnut. They have a ton of TVs and decent drink prices, cheap beer, a couple of dart boards as well. So they do have that going for them and I usually like coming here if I want somewhere happening but not somewhere where I have to bump into 40 people just to get to the bar.As for the burgers - mind you they are tasty. Mine was a tad bit over done yesterday but I finished the whole thing - so that is a testament to my hunger as well as the tastiness of the burger (my friend got chicken fingers on a burger - where else can you add chicken fingers on a burger for a buck).All in a all, a toned down version of walnut that I don't mind going to. Thursday nights aren't super crowded either (and for you vegetarians out there - it's half price veggie burgers on wednesdays)
<review# 22,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/19/2013,1/20/2014,37,201,,5,2>Another update from the D's...Another great night at Spoon. Seriously, this place is a win every time for when we want to have a solid "grown-ups night out" for the two of us.This time, we didn't want to delve into a full tasting menu and ordered a-la-carte, starting with two delicious drinks from the bar. I had their version of a delicious Old Fashioned (with Cointreau and Bulleit rye) and my wife had a delicious gin-based beverage. Kudos to the mixologists - these were oh, so smooth and tasty. The best part was that their skills with the shakers made the drinks taste delicious, without the traditional alcohol "bomb" that straight up mixed drinks can often have.I had the lobster and beef tartare as a starter, and opted for their lamb two ways, a great choice. I typically order fish, pork or other non red-meat sorts of things when I go out, just to see what the Chef has up his or her sleeve, but tonight, I felt like lamb - it was definitely the good move... Delicious, non-gamy, and buttery smooth.My wife had the gorgonzola soufflé/salad, which is always a favorite of ours. I am happy that they keep that item on the menu all the time; I would miss it if it disappeared. She then had the halibut, which was perfectly sauteed with beurre blanc, just like Julia Child would have approved of.I couldn't say no to the Spoon Bar for dessert, and we shared that delicious treat to round out the night.The atmosphere at Spoon is awesome, with enjoyable subtle tunes that don't overpower conversation, and lighting/furniture that lets you relax and enjoy the moment. Our server was helpful but not imposing; he let us enjoy our meal greatly while also attending to our every need; including a second bread service to devour!In case you were in doubt after reading this review... we will definitely be back!
<review# 23,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/19/2013,1/19/2014,142,165,2,6,4>I had Cure bookmarked as "to try" even before moving to Pittsburgh a few months ago.  I love cured meats, and the food porn uploaded from fellow yelpers made this establishment incredibly appealing.  I finally made the trip recently with a visiting college friend who knows how to enjoy food like I do.Food (9.0/10) = I suggest you take a look at the pictures uploaded on yelp.  You will see pictures of that charcuterie board,...that shrine of porcine holiness on a platter.  All those layers of smokey and salty.  A vegetarian's nightmare.  Oh sweet lord baby jesus.  Bresaola, black strap ham, culatello, goat prosciutto, coppa secca, duck speck, chorizo, goat-mushroom-madeira salami, cocoa-espelette salami, finnochiona, negroni, mortadella, pork rillettes, duck rillettes, pates and terrines, lardo, and more!   For the entree, I had the "meats." They should be more creative and call it something more exotic like "Two birds creating harmony with a pig."  Sounds like something from an Asian poem?  Or maybe it sounds a bit dirty...hah.  2 birds = duck confit and squab breast.  The squab breast was juicy and tender.  It was the bird version of filet mignon.  Pig = pork belly.  Yes.  PORK BELLY.   These animals were flanked by chickpea frites, muhamarra, baba ganoush, harissa, za' atar, feta, and orange.  For dessert, we got the dark chocolate souffle cake with pistachio butter and sea salt.  The dessert was disappointing.  It was dry, and nothing spectacular.  $10 for something meh.  We got it because it was one of the most mentioned items on Yelp.  If my heavenly experience wasn't contaminated by the mediocre dessert, I would be giving Cure a 10/10 food rating, and slapping this place with 5 yelp stars.  Alcohol selection was good.  Only had beer.  Didn't try any of the cocktails or wine.  I just prefer beer with a large meal dominated by meat. Ambiance (9.0/10) = a small and cozy place on the corner of a street.  Love the wood interior.Service (9.0/10) = great service.  Attentive. Overall Opinion = could this be one of the best restaurants in Pittsburgh?  It very well could be, but I'm not ready to place that stamp on Cure yet.   If you want to indulge yourself in sweet/salty/smokey succulent meat, well look no further, because you just educated yourself by reading this review.  Go for the charcuterie board.  Go for the "Two birds creating harmony with a pig."  Be weary of the desserts.
<review# 24,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/13/2013,1/18/2014,57,168,2,7,2>Whether you're just visiting or have lived here all your life, you'll enjoy a trip to Phipps. It is absolutely amazing! Each room features different displays of plants, flowers, and trees. Also, in the center, they have a miniature train set within the floral display. One display has a lighted fountain for which you can create your own program!Also check out the Phipps Cafe near the main entrance. They serve delicious fresh, organic, local, healthy food. It's a perfect pairing with the pastoral atmosphere of the Conservatory.In the summer and fall they host a farmers' market during the week. In May, they have a spectacular plant sale. I bought a house plant there about which I constantly get compliments. Check their easy to use website for event details.We also like to go during Christmas to meet Santa. The extravagant flowers at Phipps make the perfect background for the picture, and there's no extra fee--you bring your own camera.
<review# 25,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/19/2013,1/17/2014,65,175,,6,2>This place just opened so I will be writing my review on that basis.  I'll probably revise it again after my second trip. Since they just opened I'm going to take that into account.Here was my experience from beginning to end.Signing up for a class.I signed up via their website.  Their website uses a white text on dark background which is fairly rare anymore but is  simple and functional.  You have to create an account  to reserve your spot.   A BIG PLUS when you sign up you can reserve your actual bike.  That's really nice as the people who attend spin classes often can grow attached to a particular bike.  This is the first place I have seen that does this. Signing up was easy enough. 5/5The studioOn the day of the class I gave myself plenty of time and arrived quite early.  The studio is fairly unique in that they have strobe  lighting and two TV's on the walls.  The TV's display your bike number, speed and distance traveled for each participant during the class. The owners, Bill and Stacie were friendly and both said hello and shook hands on arrival.  There are small changing rooms in the back along with a restroom.  Most of the walls are purple.  Not a color I would go  myself but to me, a non issue. Looks like they rushed the painting, probably to get the place open on time.  A few missed brush strokes here and there.   Unlike all the other places I have had a spin class at the AC and fans actually worked.  The room got warm but never hot or uncomfortable. All in all a nice space. I found my bike was slightly out of level and the owner fixed it right up.   5/5The bikesSpinner NXT bikes with the little computers.  Note that the heart rate monitors are ant+ compatible and NOT Polar.  The bikes are all new and as such the one I used worked as it should.    I've used them before. A solid choice.  On NXT bikes I have never found that I like the tensioners much. Maybe mine needed adjusted or broken in.  They are new..  That's my personal preference though. 5/5The classThe core of the whole thing.  How was the workout. I can happily report the workout was good. Not the best ever, but good.    I took a 60 minute class The class itself featured the instructor and a live DJ. The DJ was a nice touch and played good spinning music that kept me busy for the full hour.  The class was  good but not excellent.  I found the class odd that there were no sprints and only featured lots of jumping. Personally I prefer the other way.  Also I found it odd that the instructor only gave cues on position and target cadence  and only a very few times was tension mentioned.  I just went on my own there most of the time to reach the levels of exertion I was shooting for.4/5Closing thoughts.Having the TV's with everyone's speed on it is pretty cool.  It would be much cooler if it has Power/watts/calories listed as well so you can you know, compete with your friends in class.  This would really sell me on the place.I parked right out front but there are spots nearby. The price.  I used the first class price of $10 and felt it was well worth it.   Drop in prices are higher($20) but they offer packages.  I can see myself going here more in the winter when I don't run outside and spin classes at the local gyms can fill up.  Here I can reserve a seat days or weeks in advance.  A nice touch.There were three staff, the owners and the DJ.  All there were very pleasant.  All that and free water bottle. Overall I'll give them 4.5/5.  Not perfect but the best independent spin studio that I have been to in the area.
<review# 26,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/6/2014,1/16/2014,48,120,2,4,2>Every time I go to Heinz Hall I feel like I've gone back in time. Back in time to a place where everyone dressed up to go to everything. Then I feel like a bum because I'm not wearing a tux or a suit. It's such a great place to see a show or go hear the pittsburgh symphony. The decor is amazing and you don't have to dress up though many people do. I feel it's a comfortable place to enjoy any show. If I had one complaint it would be the chairs. The rows are close together so when I sit down the knees hit the chair in front of me. I'm 6' 2" so not exactly short but people much taller than me might be uncomfortable. Even so I still love going to Heinz Hall.
<review# 27,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/8/2014,1/15/2014,207,401,,11,4>I had put off trying this restaurant due to the mixed reviews and the doubtful possibility there was quality BBQ in Pittsburgh having been so badly disapointed repeatedly.  I ordered 1/4 pound pork, 1/4 pound ribs and greens.  1/4 pound ribs were 2 bones, very small but very meaty.  I will say that this is the most expensive BBQ I have ever had anywhere in the country without a doubt.  The ribs and pork have a nice dry rub.  BBQ is never spicy and this isn't either, thankfully.  It doesn't come out sauced, another blessing.  The sauce on the table is nice and complements the rub.  It's a little fruity and tangy breaking up the richness of the pork.  Please watch the char.  Burnt isn't good food.  Seriously!  The pork was succulent, there was lots of fat melting in my mouth and making me wish there was more.  I got the end piece of the rib rack but it was still fairly moist.  I wish there was more but I was already at $15 so I wasn't going to order anything else for lunch.  The greens were spot on.  Very nicely done and the portion size (for the greens) was ok. The place isn't much to look at.  The service was friendly.  I don't know if it's ever going to be 5 stars for me but I will definitely be back to try it again.I went back!  Took Miriam just a few days later and it was exactly the same.  A good sign.  This time, in addition, I tried the brussel sprouts and they were delicious.  Bring a friend or 3.  If you order more food, the price gets cheaper.  So a 1/2 pound is less than  2 portions of a 1/4 pound for example and you can save money if you share.  It's still expensive but you can do a bit better with some planning.
<review# 28,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/15/2013,1/14/2014,44,211,2,3,2>A great option for lunch on a work day. It's possible to get in and out in an hour because the pizzas literally take 90 seconds to cook. I'm a fan! I had the margherita pizza, and I wasn't disappointed. The sauce was perfect, and they import their mozzarella from Naples. I can get on board with that!My friend had the Quattro formagi pizza, and I could smell the delicious tangyness of the gorgonzola. Yum! The pizzas are a bit on the pricey side, but the toppings are fresh and delicious. I'm looking forward to going back so that I can try some of the salads and pastas. So happy for more options in Market Square!
<review# 29,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/6/2014,1/13/2014,65,125,8,14,4>I don't even know what to say.  Between our crowd of four we managed to check off the following from the menu:Cauliflower: Not your grandmother's cauliflower.  I mean SERIOUSLY. This dish was so delectable, I'd consider an all-cauliflower diet forever, if this version was on standby.Mac N Cheese: A lovely little cast iron pot of tender mac n cheese. Who doesn't love THAT?! Could've used a little kick of some kind, but I enjoyed it just the same.Pig Candy:  I couldn't remember this dish too well given that I was caught up in my Santa Cider from Arsenal at the time, but as Jonathan D. reminded me, it was "Big ******* piece of pork belly."  A little crispy around the edges and all-around delicious.Country Ham:  This isn't Honeybaked. This is fresh from the Charcuterie kinda stuff.  A little salty; but that's the ham's fault.  Still, a worthwhile dish I might consider again.Dirty Pasta:  Pasta.  Meat.  Sauce.  Sausage?  Don't know, don't care. Delicious.  And I don't even like pasta. Yeah, that's right. Mussels:  I ordered the Mussels & Brussels; two separate dishes, one hilarious joke.  The Mussels were reminiscent of the mussels at Meat & Potatoes - not surprising given their owners.  Just like M & P, these mussels did not disappoint.  Bathed in a creamy curry, they are "slimy yet satisfying" (quick, name that Disney movie). Brussel Sprouts:  I'm one of those people that eats strange things in the car.  Some people eat McDonald's, I eat olives or entire cans of Reddi Whip.  If I could somehow manage it, these grilled brussel sprouts would be top of that list.  These bad boys of baby cabbages are so wonderful, even the most passionate brussels naysayers will fall in love with them.Rice Cake:  The best.thing.EVER.  I don't know WHAT this is or HOW it's made, but I would eat these amaze-balls balls any day of the week.  They defy description, so I kindly ask you to take my word for it.The moral of this visit was, I don't know how these dishes are prepared, nor do I know the majority of what they contain.  Regardless, each of them was a culinary masterpiece fit for any Pittsburgh palate, if you dare.
<review# 30,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/3/2013,1/12/2014,41,207,,6,5>I could spend forever and a day browsing the cards and other items at Wild Card. If the standard selection of cards at Target or Hallmark bores you, you need to check out Wild Card.In addition to selling unique and often locally handmade cards (where else can you get a card that says "Nobody loves pierogies more than Pittsburgh?"), there are unique gift-wrap options and lots of fun gift items ranging from t-shirts, baby onesies, toys/stocking stuffers, some craft supplies, books, and art work. Love all the local-ness in Wild Card. Believe it is also the store hipsters no longer have to dream about since they were all there at the same time I was on Saturday morning.When I move into my new place in Lawrenceville, I will be back to purchase the awesome print of Zombie Attacks in the Pittsburgh area to frame & display. Can't wait!Oh yeah, had to take away a star for not very friendly/helpful customer service. Maybe that's normal for Pittsburgh, but I'm used to retail persons who at least pretend they want to help you (rather than make you feel like you're interrupting them) when you get to the register...
<review# 31,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/5/2013,11/21/2013,757,406,3,6,5>The Smiling Moose sure had me smiling.  The food is remarkable for pub grub.  On my last visit I had the fish taco and the mac and cheese the mac and cheese was loaded up with real bacon. This was the kind of meal to write home to mom about everything about it was spectacular the bacon gave a nice smokey flavor the mac. The Smiling Moose also impresses with their selection of seasonal beers and if memory serves me right they have at least six on the beer list if not more. They are going above and beyond the call of duty to keep there customer's satisfied and for that I have to give five stars.
<review# 32,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/24/2013,11/20/2013,22,34,,8,2>Every bikram yoga class goes through the same 26 postures in a room heated to about 105F, but what sets this studio apart is the passion its instructors seem to have for bikram yoga.  The studio is clean, conveniently located in Squirrel Hill, reasonably priced, has a great changing area with showers, and, like I mentioned before, an excellent teaching staff!  I'd highly recommend Bikram Yoga Squirrel Hill to both people that have practiced before or are new to Bikram--especially for the discount you get for your first month ($29 for 30 days is a steal!).For any newbies out there that are worried/apprehensive of what bikram is like or whether or not you can handle the heat, I've got a few tips: 1. Make sure to hydrate well before you come-- drinking too much right before or during class is not a good idea.2. Make sure to eat something a couple of hours before class so it has time to digest before you do all your bending and stretching.3. Feel free to take it slow-- no judgement and the heat definitely takes some getting used to.4. Finally, and probably most importantly, going to classes everyday, especially when you first start, makes all the difference in the world with how much you feel like you get out of the class and how easy it is to adjust to the heat.
<review# 33,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/22/2013,11/19/2013,147,143,2,9,3>It doesn't take much to get a 2 or 3 from me, but I don't give up 5's easy.  No, it takes a very special restaurant to romance me and take our relationship to that next level.Notion is such a place.  No words can do full justice to the delights that await all your senses.  Calling their food good is like calling the surface of the sun  warm or the ocean slightly damp.  Expect dynamic flavor explosions, beautiful presentation, incredibly friendly and knowledgeable staff, and psychedelically creative blends like  barley with espelette cream, cauliflower and manchego custard, scallop cucumber gnocchi, and deconstructed nutella chocolate cake.I went with a group of 4 and got the tasting menu which includes 4 courses, an appetizer, , a fish, a meat, and a desert.  Between the 4 of us we tried every single thing on the day's menu and none of us had anything we didn't love.  They change up the offerings daily.  I would recommend going with a group so you can all order and try everything.  Alternately you can get the 6 course tasting menu with smaller courses of more dishes.  If Notion was in any other major city they would charge $200 a head.  Notion isn't cheap at $65 for the 4 course tasting menu (it's top secretly 7 courses since they include 2 amuse-bouches and a bonus desert) but given the sky high quality of every aspect of the experience, and that it's byob so you don't get slammed with additional wine surcharges, Notion felt like one of the best values in Pittsburgh.  I think this is the beginning of a beautiful relationship!
<review# 34,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/7/2013,11/18/2013,69,61,,3,4>I adore the beer market!  I will admit my first time when the bartender handed me the catalog of a menu I was overwhelmed, but now I've become a pro. (OK, maybe that's just in my head) This place is truly a beer lovers dream. Their taps and bottle selection is vast and constantly updating.  But be forewarned they DO NOT serve food.  I feel bad for the bartenders and servers, because i feel that at least one person on each of my trips here has to take attitude with them about it. Don't take it out on the workers, it's not their fault. Also, don't bring children here. It's call The Beer Market, so NO they don't have a full list of juices and sodas for your children.  (Griping over)On the plus side you can have food delivered or bring your own in.  I've done both.  Just keep in mind on game days it gets PACKED!!!  Service will slow down during this rush, but you can tell they are trying their best.  Any other occasion I have had excellent service.If you're a beer snob looking to grab a delicious brew before or after the game, then this is your place!
<review# 35,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/25/2013,11/17/2013,1891,388,,14,7>Oh my! This place is great!My girls and I went on a sunny Saturday morning this past Summer. Surprisingly the line wasn't out the door. We were all overwhelmed by the variety of choices from such a small space. The pastries are out of this world! The Pain au chocolat ou Chocolatine (Flaky pastry with chocolate barres.) is without a doubt my favorite pastry that they offer. They also offer danishes, croissants, individual little pastries, cakes, tarts and so much more. Everything I tried was delicious. They also offer coffee that goes perfect with the pastries they offer. The space is small with only a few tables to sit at so I would suggest getting your stuff to go. Their sandwiches are also delicious. The fresh French baguette really makes the sandwich. The Le Parisien (French baguette with butter, ham, and Swiss cheese) was my favorite.The people seem happy working there, are patient while waiting for you to make your choices and greet you with a smile. If you are ever in the area, THIS PLACE IS A MUST STOP!
<review# 36,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/25/2013,11/16/2013,27,73,,5,2>As a first time (and a very picky on that ) homeowner and in need to add a bathroom in the basement - I knew this was going to be a long and expensive journey. After going through at least 5 different contractors - Bob was recommended by our plumber who was going to work along with him.He came in the next morning - to check the space and by the end of the evening he called to give me a rough estimate cost which was very reasonable and much less than others.Fast forward a little more than three weeks and voila! a spanking new bathroom. Bob and his uncle (I think) who worked together were very professional, courteous and always came on time and yes they definitely did finish the job within my timeline.I would definitely recommend them on any remodeling/paint job.
<review# 37,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/7/2013,11/15/2013,9,36,,2,4>I adore Roxanne's! There are so many beautiful arrangements and terrariums, and a great variety of live plants inside and out. You can also find lovely home decor in the form of side tables and such. On that note, I have even purchased an ethically made dress here! The employees are always a pleasure to chat with, and prices are reasonable for the quality you get. Even if you're not in the market for any of the aforementioned, stop in here and fulfill your senses.
<review# 38,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/25/2013,11/14/2013,81,44,,5,3>To be clear, the food is 5 stars. Completely authentic, well seasoned, delicious tacos, served in two (count 'em, two!) corn tortillas. As a vegetarian (occasional pescetarian), I was skeptical of the vegetable/potato taco, but wow, was I wrong. No Tex-Med lettuce, cheddar cheese to screw up the perfect flavors. Only down-side, having to eat on someone else's front porch was less than ideal. It was cool finally finding the other latinos in the city, since 50% of the customers were clearly immigrant laborers having their weekend lunch out. I hadn't been able to use my Spanish since moving to Pittsburgh - problem solved! Don't worry, though, the two guys out front definitely speak English, too, it was just more fun for Carla and I to finally be able to speak Spanish somewhere. My only complaint - no fish tacos? I guess I'll have to go to Reyna's for that. But it's good to know I can grab a real (good) taco this close to work.
<review# 39,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/26/2013,11/13/2013,27,76,2,4,2>I just want to re-review this place for being so near and dear to my heart in Bloomfield.This is a really quirky breakfast spot (Seven C's in Bloomfield is also a must) that out of towners and locals alike should take a minute to enjoy.I am not sure what the story of the owners is, but they seem to be ex hippies, and are always working tirelessly to provide simple and awesome food. This place is also great for people watching, with the late night crowd. Some of the punk crowd that was more than likely jamming at Howlers will be present.Omelets, hash browns, fresh coffee, great sammiches- they always aim to please.
<review# 40,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/6/2013,11/12/2013,23,33,,7,3>There are too many good things to fit in one review. This academy is TOP-NOTCH! I've always loved Brazilian jiu-jitsu and MMA. I was actually looking for a Judo place that was in the city when I happened upon the BJJ gym though. When you first attend, you get a free, one-on-one lesson from one of the many instructors there. I had some BJJ experience from the Army so we were able to skip some of the intro stuff and focus more on positional dominance and transitions. I signed up and everything has been great. There are jiu-jitsu competitors there as well as amateur and Professional Mixed Marital Artists. No one there has an attitude, no one is trying to hurt you. This is one of the most respectful places I've ever been, besides training in the Army.  I did karate/american kickboxing when I was younger and the folks who attend this gym are so much more friendly and helpful. Warren Stout, owner, head instructor is super experienced in wrestling, BJJ and MMA. He's very approachable as is everyone who works there. You will be guided on how to gain the skills to learn BJJ, compete in BJJ or simply just protect yourself. There's also Muay Thai there. Kru David Reese is an experienced Muay Thai instructor. He lived in Thailand for about 8 years and has had over 60 professional Muay Thai fights. He's won every major championship that you can win in Thailand and now shares his passion for Muay Thai here at the Renzo Gracie Pittsburgh Jiu-Jitsu and MMA Academy. I haven't done striking in 13 years and he's taken my decent karate roundhouse kick and turned it into a deadly 'Thai Kick'. He trains everyone like there going to fight. This is NOT a cardio kickboxing class. This is real Muay Thai taught by a real Muay Thai fighter/instructor. Jarret teaches MMA conditioning classes. Theses are kettlebell circuits that are a great workout for anyone. Women, don't be afraid. There are plenty of women in this class and I've personally had plenty of female friends show interest in this class. There's an MMA techniques course taught by Mike Wilkins, pro fighter. He's a great instructor that takes the time to show everyone how to incorporate wrestling with BJJ into MMA. These are basic MMA techniques that he is teaching as there are separate classes for the actual fight team. Fight team is by invitation only.I wouldn't trade this experience for anything and I've learned so much more about my personality from this experience. If you ever get the chance to train here, please do. Whether you're an aspiring competitor or just want a good workout, you will not regret it! Parents, there are kids classes too!
<review# 41,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/12/2012,6/18/2012,235,192,,12,1>(Cash Only!)We went here the other day on a friend, and fellow yelper's, recommendation and I did not regret it!I really enjoyed our food!I ordered a traditional gyro--it came with a ton of meat in it, and the meat, though traditional gyro style lamb meat, was much more flavorful than most, IMO.My husband ordered a Greek salad with chicken and a wonderful huge chunk of feta cheese on top--Yum!I'll keep it simple!PROS:Food was fantastic;Plenty of attentive wait staff that were more than accommodating;Portions were large;Price was very reasonable;THEY HAVE DIET DR. PEPPER!!CONS:Smallish interior dining area, but absolutely adequate for this cute little joint;My bench was broken at our table!  lolThey don't take credit/debit cards--cash only!That's all I can think of, and I'm nit-picking now!  ;P(Warning:  The olives have the pits inside still--we found out the hard way!)They do have a few sweet items too for after your meal.i had the chocolate baklava, it was pretty good, but I'm still a fan of traditional!  ;)
<review# 42,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/21/2011,6/17/2012,24,53,6,3,2>Lawrenceville is interesting because what may be known to the common folk is that Butler St. is a happening place meanwhile what may not be is after the Lawrenceville Desert (Sunoco area on Butler) you will find yet again another rise in small shops and cafes. One of these is Mauramori Cafe. Taking an interesting approach to how places should be run, Mauramori Cafe focuses on both Breakfast and Lunch not favoring one of the other...and even in some cases..combines them. Breakfast Gyro..have you ever had one? Probably not. Shame on you. It's delicious. Seriously..it is. You aren't hungry? You have to be kidding me..seriously just go there now and try it. Long story short, food was great, service was even better and they put new artwork on the walls every 6 months which is nice to see. Mauramori Cafe...where dreams are made.....assuming your dreams only consist of eating food.
<review# 43,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/4/2012,6/16/2012,65,131,,3,2>I feel like I traveled in a time machine every time I bowl at Arsenal. I figure this was what it was like to be a teenager in 1950's Pittsburgh. Nothing has been updated in years and that is what makes it great. Sure if you are a professional or hardcore league bowler you probably will complain about the lane conditions, the archaic scoring computers, or the lack of space between the lanes. But if you bowl just for fun from time to time you will really dig it. Every night they have some sort of different "special" going on. Sometimes it is 50 cent games, sometimes it is dollar beers, and every now and again they have live bands playing. There is also a little old school bar connected which is nice. For a cheap fun night out filled with nostalgia for an era you weren't even alive for give Arsenal Bowling Lanes a try.
<review# 44,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/8/2012,6/15/2012,23,38,,6,3>Food: Udipi is 100% vegetarian South Indian cuisine.  The menu is huge with plenty of appetizers, dosas, soups, entrees, and desserts to choose from.  We ordered the "Royal appetizer platter" which gives a sampling of all of their appetizers.  For $7 it was easily enough to feed 4 people and give everyone multiple tastes of each appetizer.  The dosas are huge.  We ordered one to share among two people as a second appetizer (we were hungry); one person at our table ordered one as his meal.  The entrees, again, are huge and delicious.  You can request how spicy you would like the meal made.  The baseline spiciness is very tame and shouldn't upset even the most sensitive palate.  Surprisingly, Udipi does not have naan or vindaloo on the menu, two of my favorites, but I am not very knowledgeable about the different regional cuisines of India, which may explain this.  It didn't matter remotely, however, as every meal was fantastic.  I highly recommend the Channa Batura, which the menu describes as a "large puffy bread" and it is in fact at least the size of a watermelon when it comes to your plate.  Luckily, for my waistline, it is mostly full of air and deflates, but was more than enough to eat for dinner and lunch the next day.  The menu offers unique Indian dishes that you will not find at most Indian restaurants in Pittsburgh.  Price: The prices are incredibly fair considering the quality and quantity of the food.  On a menu with 50+ items less than 5 were priced more than $10.  Most were in the $7-9 range.  Two of us shared an appetizer, dosa, two entrees, and two mango lassis for $39 with tip included.  Remarkable.Drinks: BYOB.  There are non-alcoholic Indian drinks to choose from as well like the delicious mango lassi.Atmosphere: Udipi seems to be in the middle of nowhere.  The address is Monroeville, but it is on Old William Penn Highway.  If you go at night, you drive through darkness and then a shining beacon of light appears, which is Udipi.  The interior is like a cafe/diner with booths and small tables.  The decor is very modest, which focuses all of the attention on the delicious food.Service: The wait staff was prompt and friendly.  They answered all questions we had about the menu and were more than happy to make sure we got the exact dish we wanted.  The food and drinks came quickly, they spared us time to eat the appetizers prior to bringing the entrees, and the bill came quick.(+): great food, great price, great service(-): driving out to Monroeville to get thereWould I go back again? If I was in the area, I would no doubt go to Udipi as often as possible.  Living in the city, I'll drive out there occasionally for the incredible food.  If you're craving Indian, its worth the drive.
<review# 45,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/1/2011,6/14/2012,55,74,4,10,4>If you're ever in the unfortunate position as a home owner to have to call an exterminator and have no idea what to do or how much it costs, call Affordable Extermination Services of Pittsburgh. Locally owned, prompt, professional service, state-certified, humane, and the owner is known as the rodent whisperer, although they also kill bed bugs, cockroaches, bees, ants, termites, other invading insects, rodents, animals, or anything else bugging you. My wife told me she was hearing noises in the wall at night after I went to bed, and I dismissed it as her being nervous at night. Then, something chewed through the wires above one of my bathrooms, and my contractor friend and I deduced that it must be a squirrel and we set a trap. A few days later, I found bite marks in a bag of dog food and droppings in the closet around it. Thinking it was the squirrel or maybe a mouse, I left out some Decon packs when we went out of town for a few days. When we got back, the packs were gone- not eaten, not shredded, but carried off and gone. A day or two later, something dead was stinking up my basement, so I figured YAY the squirrel ate the Decon and died. A few more days later, and my wife awoke to chewed up pieces of wood spilling out of the cabinet of our kitchen sink. I emptied the cabinet to find a giant hole chewed through the cabinet floor, droppings, and another hole in the subfloor- something was in there, and it ate the floor, a Mr Clean Magic Eraser, and lots of dishwasher pod packets.That's when my wife said it was time to call an expert. Being a first-time home owner with no prior experience in this I had no idea who to call or how much it would be. After not finding a local listing for Ghostbusters, we decided to call Affordable Extermination Services of Pittsburgh.The owner, Shawn Linnan, said he could be over in about an hour, but was in there in 20 minutes- awesome. After some Q&A and a thorough look over of our house, Shawn and his partner figured out that we didn't have a squirrel- we had rats.My house is in Mt Lebanon, in the suburbs. My wife and I are clean people, and I do my due diligence to keep up with the outside of my house. In my 33 years of life, I have never known anyone who had rats in their home, and the only thing I knew about rats was that they carried disease, were ugly, and if they were anything like the one I saw walking down a subway tunnel in New York City, were as big as a cocker spaniel. Shawn was amazing. He showed me all the evidence he found and what caused it. He showed me how the rats were attracted to a wall of ivy I had in my backyard (rodents love ivy because the roots make loose soil and the rodents can suck water from them), then followed my dog's poop through the yard (apparently, dog poop has lots of protein), under my deck, and into a hole that led to my subfloor. Then, the rats got into the walls, and since they're nocturnal, they were chewing through the walls at night (which is why my wife heard them at night). The rats figured out how to get through the floor to my kitchen cabinet where they chewed through the floor (and a bunch of dishwasher soap- apparently, soap has lots of cholesterol) and used the cabinet to access the house. From there, they did fun things like chew wires above my bathroom, climbed under my oven and into the vent where they could pop out and eat crumbs from the stove and counters, and stole dog food from my closet which they would carry back to the subfloor to store at their nest. I asked why the rats never ate our human food, and Shawn informed me that it was easier to steal dog food and store it for their BABIES. After swallowing a healthy dose of vomit, I asked what we could do. Shawn took the time to tell me how to break the rats' habits, what to fix, and how to landscape to keep them from coming back (and pick up the dog poop more often). He and his partner planted safe poison around the outside and inside of our house, and said they should be dead in a few days but to wait 14 before fixing things to make sure the rats were dead for sure. He then gave us a 30 day guarantee that we wouldn't have anymore rats.I thought the cost would leave a hole in my bank account as big as the one under my kitchen sink, but surprisingly, Shawn only charged $190, and gave me a discount for paying in cash. This was the total for 2 hours of he and his partner inspecting our house, planting poison, and giving advice. He also offered us a follow up service that cost $89 every two months, but told us we wouldn't need it, and as of yet we haven't. Thanks Shawn!
<review# 46,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/29/2012,6/13/2012,290,116,4,5,4>Valentines weekend with my Honey! It was a Saturday night after the big love holiday. I had a Living Social deal for dinner. Made a reservation at 8pm 2 weeks in advance and I was set. Parking in the garage on a Saturday night on 6th street pre event, symphony, theater, what have you.... slightly painful but not really an issue. The restaurant is inside a hotel. Did not know that. The decor is modern romantic, deep booths, dark browns, and violets. The booths take you back to an older era. Mob boss round booths have an intimate appeal. I had asked from my open table reservation to be placed out of the way but we were sat in the middle of the restaurant in an angled booth. It felt like I was on a center stage. The menu was interesting but one item caught my eye. Lobster Cassoulet! They were sold out. Pouting I asked the waitress to reccomend something for me. Lobster Gnocchi?? Hmmm. Gnocchi can be kind of heavy and pasty but I went with it.So incredibly delicious. Tiny puffs in a creamy mushroom and artichoke base sauce. Lots a lobster and perfect sweet claw meat right on top of the dish. If I would go back for just one item it would be The lobster gnocchi. " Lobster Killer" They have two sizes half and full portion. I was begrudgingly sharing with my BF so we got the full but I don't think the half would have been adequate.To start we had the meat plate. The sauces were tasty that accompanied the various meats in the Charcuterie plate. The half size is plenty for two. The BF had mussels that were good and standard. If we did not have a deal the bill would have been on the expensive side and we didn't order anything alcoholic either.
<review# 47,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/5/2011,6/12/2012,167,215,,6,3>I was hungry, and Judit was running late, so I ran across E Carson to try out the Real McCoy. What a fantastic little hole in the wall! If you're looking for good, cheap eats, come here. Half (at least 6in, seemed bigger) hoagies start at $3. Three dollars! I think the most expensive one was still less than $4. The menu is limited, but, really, how many sandwich options do you need? The lady running the joint is really sweet, and the whole place has a very home-cooked feel to it. I went with the polish ham and provolone and a side of potato salad, and it cost less than $5. Best part? It actually tasted good. Fresh bread, plenty of ham, sour pickles--yum!Cash only, and take-out only. No tables or chairs to enjoy your cheap eats.
<review# 48,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/19/2012,6/11/2012,2678,1419,13,21,20>Kay was slated to return to work the other day following her recuperation from major surgery.It also happened to be her birthday.Naturally, I thought I'd be the golden boyfriend and have flowers sent to her office. Suburban Floral is near where she works, and I called a day ahead, so this was shaping up to be an easy win. That was until Kay and I had a phone conversation that night.You're going back to work tomorrow, right?""Oh, I won't be going back to work until Monday. The doctor thinks I need a few more days."Panic! Panic! Panic!I didn't know what else to do. I couldn't just cancel the order, and I wasn't sure if Beaver Falls was too far away for them. I had to let the secret out in order to avert disaster.This meant...that Kay had to pick up the flowers at Suburban Floral herself. Kay eventually did just that and was pleased nonetheless. A multimedia message I got from her on my phone during my break confirmed the good tidings. Thank you Suburban Floral, particularly Tony, the gent I spoke with, for being so understanding, and for making Kay a happy girl. It was either this or 1-800-FLOWERS, and y'all know I prefer choosing Davids over Goliaths when possible.
<review# 49,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/29/2012,6/10/2012,145,36,,8,2>Jordan & I have been eating Taste of India at CMU for a while, without knowing it was Taste of India.  At CMU they offer super inexpensive lunches that are more filling than anywhere else to eat at lunch. During this winter break, we have been going through some serious withdraw while the cafe is closed.Thank you YELPERS once again, in our search to satiate our curry addiction, we have found our distributor!  We were excited to read that this restaurant supplied our weekly lunches and we ordered!!I ordered the Alu Matar Mushroom at a spicy rating of 3 (yes, I'm a sissy), but it was EXACTLY what I wanted!!  Jordan ordered Alu Gobhi which was cauliflower & potato at a spicy rating of 5.  We truly weren't sure how to scale our tolerance; but we decided that next time we could both go hotter.We also can't wait to try the Lunch Buffet! We really wish we would have known that this existed during the week in between Christmas & New Years when we were fiending for Indian food.  Now that we know, I have no doubt we will soon become regulars.We have also tried Tamarind in Oakland, but that place just made my mouth go numb after it was all said and done (and left me with an unpleasant digestion experience).  All of the bad cliche things you hear about Indian food, is nothing like Taste of India.  You can taste the love cooked in.
<review# 50,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/16/2012,6/9/2012,21,117,1,8,7>Since it opened, Burgatory has grown from an imaginative and delicious purveyor of patties to an absolutely stellar and complete burger-eating experience.  In fact, it's gotten to the point where this is the only burger joint in all of Allegheny County that I'd even consider going out of my way to visit (which I do quite frequently).Earlier problems of inconsistent cooking seem to be well in the past, and the entire staff's obvious devotion to superior burgercraft is evident at every turn.  The waitstaff is friendly, helpful, and extremely knowledgeable.  Whether answering questions about the finer points of grilling a burger to specific temperatures or suggesting a milkshake pairing to best match your burger choice of the evening, even the most die-hard burger fanatics (such as myself) can feel that they're in very good hands.  My most recent visit was for my birthday, and our waitress Meredith provided better, friendlier and more enjoyable service than did the entire team at Le Bernardin during my last visit there (the #18 restaurant on the planet could learn a thing or two from Burgatory).The burgers are likewise a grand achievement, and the stunning number of choices and possible combinations a diner can create makes the consistent quality of every ingredient and every burger preparation all the more impressive.  Burgatory honestly boasts the best array of build-a-burger options I've seen in a lifetime spent eating hundreds upon hundreds of burgers all over the state and country.  The selections of meats, buns, toppings, and sauces comprise an embarrassment of riches for the hungry imagination.  The rubs are especially imaginative, offering a unique way to enhance the flavor profile of any custom-creation.The Burger of the Day (the B.O.D.) often highlights ingredients not normally on the menu.  Sundays tend to feature brunch burgers, while Saturdays are the day for off-menu meats (Wild Boar, Alligator, Elk...)--but they've been known to run out of the more popular Burgers of the Day, so go for lunch if you have your heart set on a particular patty (I learned that one the hard way a few weeks ago).Their milkshakes are also worthy of note, but this review is getting long enough--and let's be honest, if you need a milkshake to talk you into visiting a burger place, you're probably not serious enough about your burgers to require Burgatory's special touch, so why don't you eat someplace else and shorten the waits for the rest of us.It is only my geographic distance from this location, combined with passing concerns about my own longevity, which prevents me from eating here 5 or 6 times per week.
<review# 51,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/26/2014,3/16/2014,66,81,,10,3>In a world where electronic dance music is a part of every possible genre in the music scene, Static offers a sweet haven for those who thrive on it. It is probably the only club in Pittsburgh that caters solely to electronic music lovers setting it apart from the rest. From the spacious dance floors, amazing resident DJ, reasonably priced drinks, bar dancers & fire artist, this clubs hits the mark  on each & everyone of these must haves( not necessarily the bar dancers & fire artists... That's an added bonus!). A big plus is the crowd, consisting mainly of young professionals rather than the college going groupies commonly encountered at the South side club scenes...giving it a touch of sophistication that lacks in several other clubs/lounges. If you are into EAD... This is the place for you!!
<review# 52,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/17/2013,3/15/2014,46,85,3,11,5>Salem's back! The months that they closed for renovations were the most depressing months of my college career. I eat here a lot! I was so excited when I saw that they are open again. Even though they claim that they were under renovation, the place pretty much looks the same. The only difference is the new chef. I was kind of skeptical seeing the new chef, but after seeing the variety of "hot specials" that they had, I was hooked. So a few changes did occur since the renovation. Now, there are more hot selections to choose from. The price went up a bit, but so did the quality. A serving was around $7-$8. I feel like the place is a lot more organized now...especially the display of food. For lunch today I had chicken/lamb curry with white rice. I couldn't decide between chicken and lamb so the chef was nice enough to give me a little bit of both. It was definitely a meal of champion...tons of meat, white rice, a side of salad...and tons of meat! The chicken was seasoned beautifully with the right amount of sauce and tenderness. The lamb was cooked to perfection...the meat slid right off the bones. The lamb/chicken curry was not spicy at all; so if you prefer a little kick, ask for some hot sauce on the side. By the way, the portion was huge...lasted me two meals! In conclusion, the old Salem was good, but the new Salem is even better!
<review# 53,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/5/2014,3/14/2014,33,416,3,10,3>I came in for lunch to find the spot completely empty which is understandable considering there are cheaper burgers available closer to the center of Pitt's campus. Unfazed by the inconvenience, I came here expecting a higher quality burger.I opted for the Jefferson's Repeal burger. As I waited, I counted that they have 17 craft beers on tap. I didn't try one because of the time of day, so I can't vouch for the freshness of the beer. Anyway, it wasn't long before my burger was ready. It was cooked closer to medium than medium rare, but to be fair I don't know any other place in Oakland which cooks burgers to customers' requests. I liked the tangy and tangy barbecue sauce. Also, I thought the fried onions added a nice textural contrast to the burger.Lastly, I found the service to be fast and friendly. I was in and out in under 25 minutes which I really appreciated considering I was in a hurry. The only other note I can make is that there is a dance floor upstairs. I didn't scope it out, so the dance area might be a subject of inquiry for a review update or another yelper!
<review# 54,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/1/2014,3/13/2014,84,118,3,9,7>Mmmm amazeballs for brunch. Made a reservation to try out Skinny Pete's for brunch during Pittsburgh Restaurant Week, and ventured to Avalon.  Not as far away as I thought, about a 15 min drive from Lville.SP is small, so reservations are def recommended. There isn't anywhere inside to wait for a table. If you come w/o a res, be prepared to wait outside.  Not open on Sundays, their brunch is on Saturdays.Emphasis on local here. They serve La Prima coffee and almost every dish on the menu incorporates ingredients from the burgh. Our bacon pancakes featured bacon from the Allegheny City Smokehouse.Both our server and the owner were very friendly. I love that the owner was out and about in the dining area, interacting with patrons (all with a huge smile on her face!)And a Bring Your Own Vodka Bloody Mary Bar? Total genius! Plus free coffee with a Yelp check-in.
<review# 55,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/2/2014,3/12/2014,27,183,,5,3>Got the pleasure of going to Meat and Potatoes for brunch last Saturday.  You definitely want to make a reservation.  We got one at 1030 when they open, and by the time we left the place was packed!  We all had the bloody Mary bar, which was fabulous!  You can pick from an assortment of tequila, vodka or gins that are all house made with chills, bacon and all sorts of flavors.  Then they have a counter full of everything you could want to make a delicious bloody Mary.  Everyone ordered something different.  I had the Huevos Rancheros.  It was excellent!  I ate the whole thing!  Yummy tortilla layers with beans, salsa, eggs, and cheese!  Others at the table got breakfast sandwiches, that looks amazing and if you are really hungry, the chicken and waffles which was enough for 4 people!  We also got some fries to share that come with a yummy truffle mayo!  I highly recommend the Brunch!
<review# 56,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/21/2013,3/11/2014,59,85,2,4,3>I'll admit, despite all the times I've been here, my knowledge of the menu is somewhat limited. So I'll stick to what I know and give you my impressions.The pluses:  - The $10 wine list is fantastic. While there's not a ton on it, it's awesome to be able to get a good bottle of wine for a tenner.  - There are several appetizers that I would recommend; I've never had a bad experience with any of them. Personal favorite would be the hummus platter, but the wings are good, as are pierogies. And for the Lord's sake, get yourself some waffle fries with whatever you're eating. - The burgers are among the best in town (IMHO). There are others I prefer, but these guys know how nail the difference between rare and medium rare, and the flavors are terrific. Also, if you're carb-conscious, you can get what they call a "Steakburger dinner," where you get the burger and fixings without a bun, plus a salad and vegetables. Pretty durn good. - The salads are also delicious, though monstrously large. If you're eating salad to cut back on calories, probably don't bother here. But if you eat salad LIKE A BOSS, then go for this.The minuses: - It gets awfully crowded and can be difficult to get a seat at times. (Though, service never seems to suffer from this.) - It's on Craig Street, which means you might have to knife-fight some Carnegie Mellon students for a parking spot. - Not a huge fan of the decor. I don't mind dim, but this seems a little underlit. (In the restaurant; the bar is actually fine.)
<review# 57,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/31/2014,3/9/2014,60,584,,4,5>I stopped by here last night with my fiance and parents for dinner.  It had been awhile since the last time that I had visited Soba and it was nice to see that they had renovated the restaurant.  I have always found Soba to be a pretty cool place and these renovations have only helped.  One of the most distinct parts of the restaurant is a wall in the dining room that has water coming down it giving it a  waterfall-esque feel.  Beyond that there are three levels of dining which is pretty unique for Pittsburgh restaurants.  On this day we were seated on the second floor although I have eaten on all of them before.   Finally the bar section of the restaurant is also pretty cool with a nice bar and then the surrounding tables seated down pretty low to the floor which is probably to give it an Asian feel.For dinner my fiance and I decided to start off the evening with the crispy tofu.  This is one of my favorite appetizers in Pittsburgh and it once again delivered.  I don't know how they get the tofu so crispy on the outside and yet still somewhat silky on the inside but they do consistently.  The dish is covered with a wonderful lemongrass sauce and garnished with some peanuts, scallions and jalepenos with the jalepenos being a new addition since the last time that I had tried it.  While I thought that the jalepenos added quite a bit to the dish, my mother, who normally doesn't handle any spice very well, did not and ended up with her mouth on fire.  For my entree I decided to go with the Dolsot Bi Bim Bap while my fiance went with the Pad Thai.  If you have never ordered dolsot bibimbap, the dish is served in an hot stone bowl with all of the ingredients on top of the rice and the rice against the bottom of the bowl which makes the rice crispy.  This version of bibimbap came with beef tips, poached egg, pickled shiitake, cucumber kim chi, mung bean sprouts, scallion, nori and goju jang.  While I enjoyed the general flavoring of my dish with everything mixed together, I was not too happy with a couple pieces of meat that were in my dish.  They were hard and if I had to guess, they had some tendon in them which is not what you are looking for whenever you are eating pre-cut beef tips.  Beyond my dish I was also able to try some of my fiances Pad Thai, specifically some shrimp from it.  It had some fabulous flavor with the slight natural sweetness of the shrimp combining with the taste of grilling.The bottom line for me is that I will definitely head back to Soba again in the future.  While this visit was not the best due to the beef tips (hence the four stars instead of the five stars I would have given on all previous visits), everything that I had still tasted good and I still think that Soba is in my top 5 list for restaurants in Pittsburgh.
<review# 58,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/18/2014,3/8/2014,74,140,,8,2>I've been on a quest to find really good sushi in Pittsburgh since I've been here about a year and a half and I have been pretty disappointed in the offerings in the city (after living in several coastal cities prior to this).  But now I have finally found what I was looking for in Penn Ave Fish Company!   For some reason I had the impression this was a more fancy pricey restaurant so it took me awhile to finally make it down here.  But it's more like a market style casual restaurant where you order at the counter and they bring it to your table.  You can also buy fish in their market to-go though their market selection is much smaller than Wholley's.  My friend and I shared a few sushi rolls and split the fish tacos. The fish tacos, which were a combo of swordfish, tuna and salmon, were amazing. The best I've every had.  And I've had some pretty damn good fish tacos when traveling in Southern Cali or Florida.  Then the sushi rolls were so fresh and amazing with generous portions of fish.  I saw a guy there working on butchering a very large tuna so I know their fish is some of the freshest you can get in Pittsburgh.  Also everything was so affordable and inexpensive!  I will definitely be going back here regularly.
<review# 59,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/18/2014,3/7/2014,27,162,2,6,4>Can you say Olympic donuts and coffee!?Decided to give Frantuary's brunch a try on an Olympic Hockey Sunday and was thrilled to find out they opened early (730am) with free donuts and coffee for the hockey game.After noshing on some quite delectable cinnamon rolls and joe, we asked for some brunch menus at 10am and dived in.  Build-your-own poutine for the wife, breakfast sandwich for the brother and breakfast flat bread for me.  While my flat bread was decent, the poutine and breakfast sandwich were better.  I recommend her combination of sweet potatoes, sausage and red-eye gravy for a unique combo!  I know this is a frank spot, but I actually prefer their non-frank options!I cannot count the amount of times one of the owners came up and asked how we were doing, which is another plus...  extremely friendly and down to earth people.  For the oddest reason I found myself completely relaxed and in the moment here, which is rare nowadays.  Definitely a plus in my book!
<review# 60,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/11/2013,3/6/2014,45,257,4,8,6>I don't know what kind of magic unicorn pixie dust they sprinkle on their food, but whatever it is, I can't get enough!After years of hearing a friend ask me if I've tried Hook Fish and Chicken yet, I could finally answer yes.  And then I finally understood why she kept asking.  I tried the combo featuring 6 whole wings, fries, slaw and bread.  It was all just. So. Good.  The bread (your basic white sliced) is placed on the bottom, like a cloud that any grease from the wings can soak in to.  The wings and fries are packed into a styrofoam container and sprinkled with their infamous seasoning and then closed tightly with a rubber band placed around to keep all that goodness from spilling out.  The menu is basic, just pick your fried food of choice (wings, tenders, fish, shrimp) and sides (even fried okra).  My meal was $8.  It is cash only and take out only with an ATM on site.  You can call ahead but most orders are ready in ten minutes.  Be warned, you will become an addict.  "Why did I only get 6 wings?" I kept asking myself as I have been dreaming of those wings ever since.
<review# 61,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/25/2012,7/19/2012,93,457,1,9,5>I was always skeptical of this place that is just a few blocks down the street from me.  I do not know why.  Well, after a friend had told me about her great experiences there I finally gave them a call to set up a waxing appointment. Despite the fact that she had nothing available, she actually opened early to accomodate me as I had mentioned I lived down the road.  Such amazing customer service.  She also did a great job with my brows (whereas I had been having a hard time finding somewhere close by that I trusted after a few bad experiences).  I cannot wait to go back for more services now.  If you want to spoil yourself or a get something to spoil a friend, this is the place to go!    A++++++++++++++ :)
<review# 62,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/6/2012,7/18/2012,73,81,11,10,7>I'm a bit confused by what happened here.  We were sitting around having drinks, then the next thing I know, I'm convincing my wife to order a burger on a doughnut bun with candied bacon.  This was awesome...for a little bit.  With the benefit of hindsight, I would never even pretend like this is a good idea.  There's a reason why we separate the dinner and dessert courses traditionally.That being said, the atmosphere was awesome, beer selection good, and apparently Tom Cruise was there not too long ago.  I saw pictures.  He was smiling.  If that's not a ringing endorsement then I just don't know what's right anymore.  Dude is like a level 4 alien master, who beat Val Kilmer in volleyball at least once.If you're in the North Side, this is definitely a place worth your time.  The menu is pretty eclectic, and though I wouldn't recommend the doughnut burger, I think everything else is pretty delicious.
<review# 63,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/18/2012,7/17/2012,86,173,4,3,3>just another 5 star review...yawn...stretch...order another shot. espresso a mano is one of few places in town where the baristas are capable of not fucking up soy milk in the steaming process. bonus, a heart AND a feather on the same head! i am tickled with love. plus, they carry a coconut chai tea, which is uniquely delicious, and some interesting chocolates. they're so cool, they don't even capitalize their name.
<review# 64,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/7/2012,7/16/2012,106,194,9,6,5>I have a general rule of thumb when picking out an auto repair shop:The "office" must be very messy and grease and dirt must be everywhere.  In my opinion, if an auto shop has the time and money to keep a squeaky clean appearance, they're wasting some of your money you pay for service.  Walter's Automotive fits the bill with their "office" being a small cluttered desk in the service bay.  Their "lobby" is the doorway that you stand in just outside the "office."  I couldn't be happier with my first impressions--to me, minimal overhead means maximum service and value.Sure enough everyone at Walter's is very nice and helpful.  Apparently, everyone else in Pittsburgh knows this since I have to schedule an appointment 10 days in advance just to get my car inspected.  So please, even though Walter's is awesome, don't come here--I want this place to myself.
<review# 65,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/30/2012,7/15/2012,65,218,4,3,2>Now I've only been here once, but that one time did one thing very succinctly. It made me want to return again and again. I come from a family where when you call someone "salt" you are paying them the highest compliment, you are the best of people, you are totally tops. Even with only a single visit under my belt I feel pretty confident that the name does complete justice to both the menu, the ambiance, and the waitstaff.Foodwise we started with the fried oysters with pork belly+pineapple. The mixture of sweet and savory, simple and awesome was really delightful. Then for my meal I had the scallops which I'll admit were not exactly what I was expecting, but f@#$ what I was expecting this was several times more awesome. my companion had the lamb, which I think might have been a special, but I ate some it (I am not really a lamb fan) and it was mouth-gasm worthy. It was just exceptionally interesting and exceedingly enjoyable for my tastebuds. Dessert time we had the deconstructed smore which was crazy good. Whatever was in the homemade marshmallow I would do anything to repeat in the future, as it was life changing. I was visiting Pittsburgh because I'm considering moving there and our waitress was super friendly and told me about places she thought I'd enjoy visiting to get a true feel for Pittsburgh. Even though we were at the shared tables she went out of her way to come back again and again even if she wasn't delivering food just to provide me with additional information. At one point she came back with info from her staffmates, she had convened them and asked for more advise, why? cuz she was awesome. There was no reason she had to go out of her way for me, I'm just some random at the shared table, but she did, and she rocks and I'm kicking myself for not having her name handy, but her middle name was assuredly 'awesome'.So at some point between the amazing waitstaff, and the food which was just a swimming sea of flavors and interesting things mixed with other interesting things, combinations you wouldn't think of, that now you can't not think about (I dream about the smore dammit. I really do). I feel completely honest when I tell you this restaurant is a winner, a delight, and that a repeat visit I will continue to feel just as impressed and delighted by it. I think a repeat visit will probably have me bumping this to a 5 star rating, but I like to wait for 3 visit to be so bold.
<review# 66,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/23/2012,7/14/2012,100,116,3,4,5>I went to Bayne Library because I'm working on some final edits for a paranormal YA novel I wrote, and I figured, what better place to do that than a haunted library?Oh yes, that's right, Bayne Library is supposedly haunted. You can read the stories online, but the gist of it is that the late former owner Amanda Bayne Balph was distressed at the removal of The Lone Sentinel (her 300-year old tree) in the late 90s. (The legend claims that according to her will, no trees were to be removed from the property, which is an understandable demand if you've seen the gorgeous grounds of the library and all the green around it.)Since that tree removal, the paranormal activity in the place has been said to have increased, with flickering lights, and sightings of Amanda in the rooms.On my latest visit, I wasn't witness to any of this ghostly activity, but I did surely enjoy the library. It's a small suburb library, but it's charming, settled into an old building from 1875. There are two floors of books, the general fiction and nonfiction on the ground floor, and the children and YA books on the second floor. They have a gorgeous stained glass window in the stairwell leading to the second floor.Unfortunately, there isn't really a lot of space for a writer to settle in and work - there are a few tables, but they're right in the midst of the stacks. On a nice day, you could definitely enjoy the weather at one of the picnic tables outside on the grounds, or in the cute little gazebo to the side of the library. They also have summer concerts at the park attached to the library.The staff was so friendly and helpful, and I really loved the charm of the whole place. If you're a library buff, I definitely recommend checking this place out. For such a small library, they've got a decent selection of books, and the atmosphere is something you don't get at the larger libraries in the 'Burgh.
<review# 67,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/12/2012,7/13/2012,101,91,1,9,3>I went to Green Forest for the first time in ten years. Amusingly, the last time I ate here was for High School Spanish Club. Grasp that concept. SPANISH club took us to a Brazilian (Portuguese-speaking) restaurant. Well done, Penn Hills. At any rate, my latest visit was very pleasant. Sister and I went with a large group of people. We ordered drinks at the bar (which is a new addition to this restaurant). The  white sangria is some of the best I've ever had. Decent wine list, most of which are from South America. Don't try to order anything complicated, because the bartenders aren't that practiced yet, e.g. they had no idea what brandy was. Now for the food. They have a prix fixe menu set (in 2012) at $42. This includes everything save dessert and drinks. Green Forest has a large cold bar with seafood, salad, vegetables, and cold cuts. A warning to those who do not like olives (like myself), they are mixed with many of the cold dishes (salad, potatoes, etc.). There is also a hot bar, which serves daily selections such as cooked rice and seasonal fish.The Churrascaria ("barbecue" in Portuguese) dining experience is one everyone must try. At Green Forest, they give you a beer-mat type flipper. One side is red and the other is green.  When the green side is up, attentive waiters will flood to the tableside with many meat selections. My favorites were the filet mignon with parmesan and the leg of lamb. There are a little under twenty different selections of meats and all of them are very tasty.  A note; you CAN tell them how well-done you would like your selection. The waiter will simply give you a specific cut off the spit. Once you are full, or simply want to take a break, flip over the bar mat to the red side and the steak parade will stop. As long as you want it to, that is!Overall, staff is extremely friendly and attentive. Drinks and desserts are very expensive, so your bill can add up quickly if you don't stick to the prix fixe.
<review# 68,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/15/2012,7/12/2012,95,142,,4,1>I've been going to Forever Sun for about 3 years now. I had originally been going to Hollywood Tans (chain), but had noticed that no matter how much I went, I wasn't getting any color. My husband actually pointed out to me that there was a tanning salon in Allison Park Plaza, so I had to check it out.FSTS has several levels of tanning beds to choose from: base beds, lay-down beds with facial tanners, and a stand-up bed. The beds and rooms are very clean, private, and well cooled. The bulbs are always hot and strong! FSTS also has a mind-blowing selection of tanning lotions! They even have over 20 different sample-sized packets to try before you commit to a large bottle of lotion. Mike is very knowledgeable about each type of lotion, how it works, and will help you decide which one is best for you. They have packages to fit your budget and schedule. You can purchase packages in bundles of 10 or monthly unlimited.
<review# 69,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/1/2012,7/11/2012,540,698,3,9,2>With my recent car inspection overdue by a day I frantically was looking for a reliable place to get it in and inspected as soon as possible.  I have heard of Homer's quite a lot from a friend and how reliable they are.  So I took a chance, called them near closing of the day and they were able to squeeze me in first thing in the morning.  I decided to wait for my car to be done and it took less than a hour to have it in, inspected and back out.  Didn't try to 'find' something wrong with it to pinch some more money out of me.  I can't say thank you enough for being able to get me in last minute, how fast they were able to do it and how polite they are to you.
<review# 70,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/10/2012,7/10/2012,351,500,4,5,4>This place has been on my husband's radar for awhile now, so we made the drive over to Robinson Township for lunch today. The woman who waited on us was very friendly and helpful. We both ordered hot tea, which is a barley tea, and something I've never had before. The menu is large and well written, with the lunch items listed on the back. We went for dinner size portions, as you get more ban chan with them, and we both really enjoy these little dishes of pickled vegetal yumminess. They were all good here, so much so that we ordered more kim chee and potatoes halfway through our meal. The bulgogi here is different from other places I've had it...marinated and charcoal grilled meat is served on a hot plate with cabbage, onion, carrots and broccoli. The chicken was perfection, but I missed the Korean chili sauce, so she brought us some. The kimchee soup with pork, tofu and rice cakes was delicious. I think I've learned my lesson with this dish; you have to resist the urge to dig right in and let the flavors meld. The rice cakes soften, and the spicy elements of the dish have a chance to marry with the other flavors. Everything was prepared with care here, and we'll be back often to get our fix of delicious Korean food.
<review# 71,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/29/2012,5/15/2012,330,1031,3,10,4>We stopped by Bonnie & Clyde's on Saturday night.  The place was packed at 7:30 and the wait for a table was over 1 hour.  We decided to come back on another night.  Sunday turned out to be not as busy.  B & C's has almost gone over board on the "gangsta" theme.  Be sure to note the car and it's driver out front.  The menus have the appetizers listed as "Petty Crimes", salads are called "The Big House", pastas are "Wise Guy", seafood is "Swimming with the Fishes" and the shtick goes on.  As for the interior, some walls are red, some are a brushed metallic color.  Under the bar glows in green light.  We got a cozy booth complete with a plaque highlighting the career of "Pretty Boy" Floyd.  Servers are dressed in all black with deep red neck ties.  They are billing da joint was part restaurant/ part nightclub.  They have a huge bar and flat screen TV's scattered about and a DJ booth sits overlooking the dining room.  For our meals, BJ got the "Clyde Barrow" bleu cheese sirloin.  The prime sirloin was smothered with melted bleu cheese and served with a baked potato and vegetable.  He really enjoyed his steak and so did I!  I opted for a single crab cake dinner.  It was served with poblano corn salsa and "Bugsy" secret sauce.  For my sides, I got the risotto and green beans.  For $2 extra, I got a salad and BJ got wedding soup.  We both thought our meals were very good.  His steak was perfectly cooked and had a lot of flavor.  His only complaint was temperature of a couple items.  His soup was luke warm and his potato wasn't very hot.  I thought my crab cake wasn't very fat, but still loved it, the seasoning, the sauce.  I am adding it to the list of my favorite crab cakes.  Not the best ever, but great in a different sort of way.  Plus, my meal was almost more than I could eat.  BJ did make mention of his issues with his meal and our server sent a manager out right away.  Our server was really great.  We really like this new joint and look forward to coming back.
<review# 72,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/9/2012,5/14/2012,36,521,1,3,3>We came here for brunch on Sunday and had the prix fix menu of an appetizer, entree and drink for $25. Normally we don't eat so much but we decided to indulge. That wasn't the best idea. Keep in mind that the portions are a decent size (not huge, but not small either like I had expected) and the food is luxurious. We would have been good with one appetizer and one entree between the two of us. But anyway.Eleven is beautiful decorated and sticks to the motif of trendy and intimate, which seemed pretty tough to do because of how large the place is. We were seated on the upper level and felt comfortable secluded and never noticed the rest of the patrons. Our waiter was professional, courteous and attentive without being annoying. He also suggested some vegetarian favorites and dishes we could modify. Our food was delicious and even better as leftovers because the flavors had time to kick in. My favorite part of brunch (aside from being with my boo)? The drink I ordered. The First Snowfall was light, refreshing, slightly sweet and it really felt like I was drinking delicate, little snowflakes. It made me really happy.
<review# 73,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/22/2011,5/13/2012,93,457,,11,4>I have to say that after a year of searching for a new salon in the Burgh, I have found a place that I will go back to.  I had tried several places around the Southside, Wexford, Shadyside and even Lawrenceville only to yield results that I did not want because of a stylist not listening to my needs.  That could not be farther from the case with Metamorphosis!  I found this salon because of a little write up in Shady Ave Magazine and figured what the heck, may as well give it a try.  At worst I can end up with an uneven haircut like my last one at some salon that I paid way too much for a crappy haircut at.  My expectations have been lowered by all of my experiences since moving back, so needless to say, I was not worried anymore about what could possibly happen.  Erin assessed what I wanted, made suggestions and went to work... and I left super duper happy!  She truly is great at what she does and has a good ear... it is nice when the stylist does what you ask and does not just give you a hair doo like theirs!  I highly recommend this place... everyone is nice, the atmosphere is relaxed, and they do good work at a nice price.  What more can a girl ask for?
<review# 74,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/27/2012,5/12/2012,84,493,3,3,2>It's been a couple of years since I've been here so i got excited when i was asked to lunch. I ordered asparagus bisque and sesame crusted tofu salad with ginger carrot vinegrette. The bisque needed salt, good thing Coca Cafe is not one of those pretentious places that do not have s&p shakers readily available. Everyones palette is different, it just makes no sense to me...a little salt really livened up the creamy asparagus, my only complaint is that the spoon was too big! Oh my goodness! I had to unhinge my jaws to fit that spoon inside my mouth! It was bigger than the slice of bread they gave me.Im sorry, back to the food. I absolutely love anything with ginger in it, so i thought my salad was very tasty. My friend ordered an omlett that came with fried potatoes and a fresh fruit cup. While she throughly  enjoyed the omlett, she commented that potatoes were pretty bland (thank goodness for those teeny-tiny salt and pepper shakers) they even required hot sauce and ketchup, but hey! Those potatoes were really the only disappointing item, everything else was delicious
<review# 75,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/27/2012,5/11/2012,168,110,1,6,5>This may be my new favorite hang out place in the 'burgh. Having just started a job over here in the North Side, it is the perfect place for me to have a bite before hitting rush hour traffic.Formerly Serendipity, James Street has only been here since mid December. The vibe here is cool, laid back and mellow. I had the pleasure to hear an ENTIRE Booker T album (!!!) as I dined this evening. The beer menu is phenom, an they have Rogue samplers on certain nights! The waiter remembered me and knew exactly what I had ordered to drink for the time before, and this is only my 3rd visit- gotta love that! The Turkey Burger was juicy, perfectly seasoned and melted in my mouth....this paired with homemade chips was AHHH-mazing. I loved that damn burger so much that I have eaten it all 3 times I have been here.Do yourself a favor and check this place out. The service is beyond cool and friendly. They have live jazz on Fri nights as well.
<review# 76,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/10/2012,5/10/2012,59,67,,6,2>There was a lot of anticipation among travelers of Rt. 65 to see what would move into the old Mocha Mountain space.  I was introduced to Bean Thru by their bright big sign and Groupon, which was a fantastic deal (5 drink punch card for $10).  I have gotten 4 of my free drinks so far and have always had very friendly service.  Their menu offers a wide variety of hot and cold drinks, smoothies, and snacks.  They get 5 stars for service, signage, and convenience.  You get your order, how you like it, with a smile and within the same amount of time as it would take in a walk in joint.  Prices are comparable to other nice coffee places.The quality of the Spiced Chai Tea Latte and the Mocha were very good.  They were more flavorful than overwhelmingly sweet, which I appreciate.  The coffee and espresso, in my opinion, is just OK.  I'm no coffee expert, but the coffee has a cardboardy taste.  It's still head and shoulders above other quick coffee stops, though, so I wouldn't let this sway you.  I haven't tried any of the food other than the granola bars (they offer NuGo bars, which I like in the vanilla).  For quality of coffee/food, I give them 3 stars.I love that Bean Thru is really making sure they are in the public eye.  Their website and facebook are both active and informative.  They are also taking advantage of sites like Groupon, which is great for those who want to try them out.  This is an area where I think Mocha Mountain could have done better, and I hope that Bean Thru benefits because of it!
<review# 77,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/21/2011,5/9/2012,119,112,2,4,5>I've been to amusement parks all over the country and honestly there isn't a single one that has the charm of Kennywood. From the chair lift from the top parking lot, to the potato patch fries, right up to the Racer wooden coaster... it has history and is so much fun.While they don't have a lot of options for true expansion as it's perched precariously on a hill leading down to a valley, steel mills, train tracks, and the Monongahela  River; the still find a way to add a new ride or revamp old ones here and there. Touting multiple wooden coasters, the Phantom's Revenge steel coaster, the SkyRocket, and the Exterminator (an indoor coaster). There are water rides for those people who find themselves inclined to walk around in wet clothes all day. The food is pricey, but I don't think it's possible to go to to Kennywood and not have Potato Patch fries. If you're not so inclined to eat the food there, you can bring coolers and eat at the car or in one of the picnic table areas. My only real qualm with this park is no alcohol is served here. I love being able to drink outdoors, and at an amusement park could be a blast.The park is full of beautiful history and you can find several places with old photos of the park from back in it's very early start.Kennywood is my favorite place on Earth. No contest.
<review# 78,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/9/2011,5/8/2012,45,195,,6,1>Finally, a place with Mexican food that actually attempts to be authentic.  The menu is pretty diverse including dishes from regions outside of Mexico.   If you're new to Mexican food I would recommend either the rolled tacos or California burrito (It's a southern California specialty that consists of a regular carne asada burrito with french fries in it).  The guacamole is also pretty good compared to elsewhere I've tried.If I was in California I probably would rate this place as just okay but in Pittsburgh this place is FREAKIN AWESOME!  I'm glad I don't live nearby otherwise I'd be here every other day with an expanding waistline.Don't let the exterior fool you.  This is everything a taco shop should be: small, simple, cheap, good and fast.
<review# 79,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/10/2011,5/7/2012,10,65,2,7,1>I moved to Bloomfield in April and being Italian and loving Italian food I thought that Little Italy would be a good fit, I was wrong... Until tonight.  I have found that every Italian restaurant I've tried has left much to be desired; from Del's atrocious food to the over hyped Pleasure Bar, I had not found an Italian joint I liked.Lombardozzi, I have not clue why I had not tried you until tonight.  I had tried their meatballs during Little Italy Days and really enjoyed them, but always forgot to head down the block to try a whole meal.We started with calamari and it was fried t to perfection, and no rubbery feel, which is a positive, because 99% of places outside the east coast can't to calamari to save their lives.I had the gnocchi with red sauce (only sauce option which kind of irks me, because gnocchi is great with a pesto) with meatballs.  The gnocchi is homemade and to die for, and the sauce is pretty good too (I'm a sauce snob, nobody beats my mothers or grandmothers) and the meatballs were as good as I remembered.Great food experience, but the service was at best bad.  The waitress took over five minutes to get our drink order, and just kind of seemed annoyed at the whole working thing.I will be back, because there is no Italian food in Bloomfield that even comes close to Lombardozzi.
<review# 80,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/13/2012,5/6/2012,86,173,,8,3>Taza 21 is my favorite place in Pittsburgh to grab an inexpensive, yet absolutely delicious and wholesome meal. Favorites don't come easily for me, but in this case, I had to call it! The musakaa wrap is fan-worthy alone. The menu description says it melts in your mouth and that is so wonderfully true. The falafel wrap is good too, but it's not worth passing up the musakaa for. I haven't been able to bring myself to try any of the other veggie wraps because I'm always craving the musakaa. I also have not yet sampled their hummus or baba. The lentil spinach lemon soup is another star of the Taza 21 menu. With a nice balance of earthy and tangy flavors, it's much more flavorful than the average lentil soup. And I find the cauliflower irresistible, as it sits in the case, looking perfectly browned, right by the cash register - impulse buy! But not at all the sort one regrets! The stuffed grape leaves are average and skippable, unless you're really in the mood for grape leaves.I enjoy the service dynamic of the husband and wife duo and even though the space is geared toward take-out, it's not a bad place to take a seat in. Of all that I've tried, the only thing I cannot recommend is a fruit smoothie - tasted weirdly artificial to me. Also, don't get chips, get sauce. The cucumber sauce is yogurt based, but you can ask for tahini sauce instead for a vegan option. Bottom line is, the food is fresh and prepared with care and I'd go out of my way to eat here.
<review# 81,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/21/2011,12/21/2011,330,1031,6,9,6>Pittsburgh International, I am always very happy to see you, whether I am coming or going.  I am somewhat fond of some of your interior design.  Every airport should house the skeletal remains of at least one dead dinosaur.  And even the haters can't hate our own Franco Harris at the head of the escalator.  And the Andy Warhol display on "D" is very fun!  We recently caught a flight out of "C' for the first time.  And even though it's a bit of a ghost town, it must be related to Casper, the friendly one.I can't really complain about the security lines.  Even when the airport is crowded, the lines move pretty quickly. I've been tricked a time or two into taking the "secret" back security.  Not falling for that one ever again.  And yay for your brand new express lane.  It's nice to be rewarded for not trying to carry everything in the world on the plane.  In case you are not familiar, the express security lane is located on the right side of the main security checkpoint on the transit level and it for fliers with just one bag.  Just don't try to sneak through with two.  Take your purse and stuff it in your bigger bag and you can breeze right through.Now if we could just get more direct flights to "somewhere" leaving out of Pittsburgh.  And it's a fantasy dream of mine that we could replace Cincinnati as a Delta hub....
<review# 82,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/17/2011,12/20/2011,59,67,3,11,6>When I heard that there was good food at the Smiling Moose I have to admit my stomach turned a little.  The Smiling Moose that I knew is kinda dirty.  The Smiling Moose that I knew is smokey.  The Smiling Moose that I knew had loud bands downstairs and staff that were way too cool to be bothered to get you a beer.  The Smiling Moose was the place we'd leave in a huff to go to Dee's.  I'm so happy to report that the Smiling Moose that I knew is gone. We went to watch the Pens game at the Moose last weekend.  We were the only people sitting at their CLEAN NEAT dining area (seriously).  The game was on a giant screen.  There are less than 10 table total, and all of them were filled by the time the game got underway.  This is a GREAT bar to watch hockey!  So much better than other places I've been on the South Side. The menu is an assortment of sandwiches, soups, salads and sliders.  We ordered a cup of the soup of the day, a Chickpea Chili with Ostrich.  It was perfectly spiced and very tasty.  The soup came with a big chunk of bread and was a meal in itself.  I also ordered the grilled cheese sandwich, which comes with tomato and bacon.  Several different cheese blended perfectly and gave me my gooey cheese fix.  The bread on this sandwich adds a lot, too - thick but soft.  My husband got the BLT sliders and really loved the Pesto Mayo.  Finally they had Pumpkin White Russians.  They were awesome.  The food at the Moose is quality, so the prices may be a bit more than you'd think.  These aren't $5 footlongs.  Sandwiches are between 7-10 bucks and come with a side. All of my drinks were all 5 each (but I am a beer snob, I'm sure the PBR was cheap).  All in all worth every cent.  We will be back....  a lot.  Especially during hockey season.
<review# 83,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/4/2011,12/19/2011,45,195,1,7,3>WOW!  Everything here is vegan and delicious!  I am a carnivore and came here with my vegan girlfriend on a Sunday when they have an all you can eat buffett which includes chocolate chip cookies!The food was constantly being made and brought out so no worries about getting stuff that was made hours earlier.  I left so stuffed and sad I couldn't eat more.  I recommend trying this place especially on a Sunday (1st and 3rd of the month) for the buffett.  This way you can try a little bit of everything and see what you like.  My favorite was the lemon grass.  Not sure what that is exactly but I went back another time just for this item.Next time I'm back in Robinson I will be eating here (with or without a vegan)!
<review# 84,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/30/2011,12/18/2011,119,112,3,3,3>Yes! Yes yes yes.Picture it now; cold crisp Halloweenie weekend... dark of night, midnight to be exact. The sleepy neighborhood of Dormont is inundated with a dense spooky fog. Two young ladies, on a haunted Halloween weekend escapade pull up to the theater.The street this is on is so adorable and picturesque it's hard to believe it's real. The exterior is clean and a mix of modern and hip vintage theater. Walking inside it has that old-theater charm and you can immediately feel what this type of theater would have been like many years ago. The bathrooms are located down stairs, the ladies room at least is huge and clean.We were there to see The Rocky Horror Picture Show, and let me tell you we were not disappointed. The theater is large inside with many slightly inclined seats and a balcony above. The seats were brand new and cushy. I looked over the past month's schedule and was thrilled to see so many amazing classic and more modern horror movies. I can't wait to see what November holds... I've heard rumors of The Christmas Story?
<review# 85,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/16/2011,12/17/2011,168,110,,11,1>This place is legit.As a frequent dweller of Koreatown when in LA, and having a Korean husband, checking out a self-proclaimed "Korean BBQ" joint on opening day was a no-brainer (and the 20% off due to said opening day was a plus!). While the inside is dimly lit, perhaps a bit too dim for a lunch/brunch event, the food is not dim in the least.  There is a buffet-style display of fresh fish and meats to choose from that you cook yourself at your table on a red-hot hibachi. Your can choose your own vinegars, oils and sauces to cook with as well. There are also pre-cooked items available (Chinese dishes) if cooking your own food is not your bag, and a few maki rolls if you are keepin' it raw.As a member of an Asian family, I learned that community food and the experience of sharing food is a monumental event and allows family to comfortably share the events of the day, thoughts, feelings, ect while enjoying traditional cuisine. This place seems to hold true to that tradition. The staff was very helpful and attentive, for those new to the hibachi concept. We were pleased to see a nice, diverse crowd of folks in attendance.As a new establishment, Asian Picnic knows what it is doing. But with every new restaurant, there are always kinks to be worked out. I am trilled that they have opened up here and I can't wait to return, with family in tow.
<review# 86,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/5/2011,12/16/2011,113,373,1,4,3>As of this date, December 2011, this is the best join in Pittsburgh.There's only one kicker, you have to come 3 times to figure it out!Visit 1. Fancy Dinner:Go, order the delicious "Manhattan" they've aged and pour into a cup for you.  Perhaps a bottle of wine with dinner.  Order the rib-eye FOR SURE (it comes with marrow so you can skip that at appetizer time, it's great, but use your "room" for the appy that delights you most.Visit 2. Brunch:Bloody bar, check, bacon vodka suggested.  I got the hash (Meat and Potatoes right?!).  Wow, so good.Visit 3: Casual Dinner:Burgers and Beers.  They've got a great selection of both.  Maybe start your meal with the "snacks."  Friend brussel sprouts anyone, yeah, I think so!
<review# 87,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/15/2011,12/15/2011,23,53,1,5,3>I giant pink puffy heart Abay, and I don't get there nearly often enough. I developed a small addiction to Ethiopian food when I lived in Columbus, and was pleased as punch to find a great place here.The atmosphere is relaxed and casual, with nice low lighting and prompt, friendly service. It's fairly quiet, so you can sit and have a nice chat while you eat.One thing I really love about Abay is that they offer combination plates for any number of people, including one -- so you can go alone or with someone who doesn't like to share and still try a variety of dishes.The injera here is great. I could eat pounds of injera, I'm pretty sure. I remember when I was little, watching the Frugal Gourmet (I know) on QED and seeing him make this strange, bubbly bread from teff flour. It's tart, chewy, and sturdy enough to use to pick up the saucy food.Everything I've ever tried here is delicious. If you're totally unfamiliar with Ethiopian food, it bears the vaguest of similarities to Indian... but not really. Lots of stewed meats and well-seasoned veggies, perfect when you get a number of things and let the contrasts play together as you eat one thing, then another, then another.My favorites are really anything involving berbere, a spicy spice mixture that's led me to use a lot more fenugreek when cooking at home. Doro wat, chicken legs in berbere, lemon and other seasonings, is the one thing I always order.Minchet abish, which is beef simmered in awaze (berbere and honey wine, with other spices) provides a great textural contrast for a second meat dish.And then there are the vegetables. There are so many. Butecha is amazing; it sounds kind of hummus-y but it's kind of not, and it's served cold -- a great foil to spicy and hot (temperature-wise) items. Tikil gomen, cabbage and tomatoes, is buttery and mild.I could go on, but here's the thing: Thai food is often played up as perfecting contrasts in flavor and texture, and it deserves that accord. But so does Ethiopian food. And Abay does it well. Go; order at least four different things (see above re: combinations!) and you'll understand.
<review# 88,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/11/2011,12/14/2011,100,116,2,8,4>Nico's is one of my favorite Yinzer bars.  I've been going here off and on since I turned 21, even if it was just to stop in for fries at lunch, and it's one of the finest dives around.We typically stop in here for a fish sandwich and some drinks after the Unblurred gallery crawl in Garfield.  Jason bartends on Friday nights, and he's the best.  He's one of those bartenders that remembers you after your first visit, and remembers what you drink and keeps the refills coming.Their food is excellent.  The fish sandwich is church-fish-fry good, and the coleslaw is crispy and mayonnaise-d to perfection.  But the real treat of this place is the fries.  There's something about these fries that I just love.  I think they remind me of the homemade fries my grandpa used to make me in his deep fryer when I was a kid.  They're kind of like a thinner, jucy-er version of Potato Patch fries.  Seriously.  Go get some now.And like other dive bars in Pittsburgh, the prices are cheap.  This is the perfect place to sit around with your fellow Yinzers and watch the Buccos or the Pens (or both, if it's that glorious time of year when both seasons are going - they have multiple TVs).The only thing I don't like about Nico's is that it's one of the few smoking-permitted bars left in town (they, like Thunderbird and the Cage, keep the food prices low to skirt that smoking ban loophole).  I've gotten kind of spoiled lately by smoke-free establishments, and I hate coming home stinking like cigarettes.But the dives in Pittsburgh are all pretty much maintaining the smoking thing, so I can't complain when comparing.  All that said, there's no bar I'd rather hang out at than Nico's.  :)
<review# 89,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/29/2011,12/13/2011,41,161,3,5,3>I've tried all kinds of things since I've started to grow a little roll in the middle. Trampolining? It's like death. Swimming? Ew. Chlorine. Fencing? Needs coordination. Yoga? Actually yoga's awesome but doesn't burn away the calorie real quick-like so then you think "Ah ha! Bikram. 900 calories in 90 minutes! And Bikram yoga in the strip where you're not supposed to drink water and it's 100 degrees and 40% humidity and you start to black out (for real) is the worst thing I have ever chosen to do to myself.But spinning? I love it. And I really like Shadyside Spin. The instructor for the class I attend is motivating without being a drill sergeant. You work to your level but are encouraged to push yourself. And after the first class I found out I pushed way too hard. But the second class sped by and felt great. The room is clean and the bikes are nice and the whole atmosphere is very accepting of different abilities and the music is fun and sometimes funny. I never thought I'd like it (I mean, it's still exercise) but I love it. And right now there's a deal for 10 classes at $99 (or a $51 savings, which is sort of incredible.) So, yeah. You should do it.
<review# 90,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/17/2011,12/12/2011,27,70,,8,2>So I don't even want to write a review on this place because I want to keep it my little secret.  My husband and I went here one day on a whim and now it is one of our staples.  This might be my favorite restaurant in the North Hills.  It doesn't look like much on the outside and certainly doesn't offer fine dining inside.  The entrance is the take out order place and then you go into the cozy restaurant to be seated.The waitresses offer friendly service.  Always ask for the bread and oil at the beginning of the meal.  They only bring it to regulars or those that ask.  We always order the Penne DiPietro which is a vodka sauce penne with sausage and chicken.  My mouth is watering as I sit and think about it.We usually always get canolli's (spelling?) for desert which comes with 2 of them for sharing.I will say that the service is impecable but the meals are usually long.  The waitresses are well trained not to bring all your food at once and don't rush you out of there.  They make it an eating event which we love.I should also say that they take the entertainment and enjoy cards and never punch them.  They do this on purpose so you can use them over and over again.  This in itself causes me to purchase the entertainment card every year.I totally reccomend this place to everyone.
<review# 91,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/11/2014,7/5/2014,100,241,,8,4>Bado's is a quintessential Pittsburgh pizza stop. I may even consider it the best pizza in Pittsburgh! I hadn't been in since 2008 or so which was pre-food allergies for me. My friends got pizza and said it was the best they had had in a long, long time. I really don't think you can go wrong with any of the toppings.If you've read some of my other reviews, you know I have 14 food allergies. This makes it almost impossible to dine anywhere, but when a restaurant feeds me with ease, I am a happy camper! They accommodated me with no problem and I had a delicious grilled chicken salad! I was very impressed.My mom was not too keen on her bruschetta wedge salad, mainly because of the dressing (which is homemade, however I do love their homemade greek dressing!). She still managed to devour most of it, though!The staff could have been a little friendlier, but they made a meal happen for me, so no complaints!
<review# 92,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/12/2014,7/4/2014,85,195,,5,4>Jack was a wonderful server and made some amazing "not on the menu" recommdations for our order. He was fast, friendly & was thoughtful about his suggestions based on what we were asking for.Our meal was absolutely delicious. My boyfriend had a spicy curry dish with faux duck and I had thin rice noodles with chicken and shrimp. I love that they will cater your dish to the amount of spice you want. Often, I want to try certain dishes but stay away from anything labeled "spicy" because I'm a baby!We left completely satisfied and I would definitely recommend this place!
<review# 93,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/5/2014,7/3/2014,57,168,,4,3>D's is the coolest. Their beer cave is truly a sight to behold. In this state of ridiculous liquor laws, it's a feat to have so many beer options in singles and make-yer-own six-paks. They have chilled choices (or a super-chiller if you want to cool something quickly)  and non-chilled options. There are over 1000 varieties, and the awesome "Beer Manager" has the whole inventory all in his head! And he gives helpful recommendations.The food is good too. The wings are great, and the fries and chips are delish. I'm not a hot dog person so I can't comment on them, but the husband loves them. They're Chicago-style with Chicago-branded meat and buns. Authentic!
<review# 94,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/17/2014,7/2/2014,95,245,1,4,2>This is my current favorite bar in all of Pittsburgh.I am here every weekend, I just love this place.  I'm 34, and I dont like going to bars and where everyone looks like they are 50, but they are actually only 22 bc thats teh style now and I'm the oldest person there.I've never seen this place over run with hipsters.  And even if it was, who cares, are you there to drink beer and have some laughs with your friends or are you there to be a judgemental asshole?This place has a pretty diverse crowd but everyone is always really friendly.ITS NO SMOKING WHICH I ABSOLUTELY LOVE.  They have really good hamburgers and salads, and great options for vegetarians.  There is an excellent selection of beer and for the quality of beer on tap they are really one of the more inexpensive bars we go to.  The service is excellent.  The bar looks really cool inside.  YOU CAN FIND PARKING by this bar!Now I got myself all excited about OTB so I'm hoping they are open tonight bc I'm going to have to head down there.  The only thing I wish is that they had more wheat beers, but theyve got my beloved Snowmelt on tap right now, so I'm a happy girl.
<review# 95,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/8/2014,7/1/2014,48,120,4,7,1>I have to give this place 5 stars because they are bring back Rye Whiskey to Pittsburgh. You may not be aware, but Pittsburgh is steeped in rye whiskey making tradition. Before probation some one the best rye whiskey was made in Pittsburgh. It's a shame we have lost sight of that. Try their "jenever" gin. It's an old Dutch style gin that is made with rye whiskey instead of just "ethyl alcohol" like most gins. It's a very different experience one that you should partake in. Go check this place out and get some samples and take a tour because they are brings sexy back.... I mean Rye Whiskey!
<review# 96,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/16/2014,6/30/2014,71,342,2,3,2>A trip to this deli/store is a trip down memory lane for me.  I'm 100% Polish and grew up with grandparents making pierogi and other Polish treats.  There are essentially two portions to this shop.  The deli that serves the meals and the convenience store type back end of the shop.  The food they serve is home made and authentic.  The platters may seem pricey at $11 each, but well worth it for the amount of food that you get.  The store portion has a great selection of Polish related trinkets and apparel.  Think butter lamb molds, Polish flags, decorated easter eggs and a plethora of mugs, keychains, etc.  The back portion of the store has the treats they serve in the deli in frozen form along with a variety of Polish grocery items ranging from candy to tea and everything in between.My favorite part of S&D is that they have started doing cooking classes.  The first of the series was a pierogi making class.  It was well organizes and so much fun!  I purchased our class through Groupon but would have paid the full price with how much fun we had.  The instructor Marta and her assistant were funny and helpful.  I felt like I had known them my whole life by the time we were leaving the store.  The class started with Marta showing us how the dough is made (with one person from the class assisting).  Then she walks you through how one filling is made (potato and farmer's cheese with onion).  Because of the class size and time, these steps are done for the group as a whole rather than individually.  Once those initial steps are done, each participant is given their dough and filling and after brief instruction on the proper way to close the pierogi, you are let loose.  The nice thing is that the instructors are there for you to go over whether your dough is rolled thin enough, if you have the right amount of stuffing, etc.After you finish your pierogis, you take them over to the pots and boil them.  You can eat them in the store that evening or take them home.  Most people gobbled theirs up because they were so tasty.  I really look forward to seeing what class they offer next and will likely sign up shortly after it is announced.
<review# 97,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/5/2014,6/29/2014,93,75,,4,2>If your looking for comfort food that's priced right and the flavor is even better than you imagined, that's the Pub Chip Shop.  Oh and you better come hungry because the portions aren't tiny!The BF and I decided to treat ourselves to some post Valentine's Day belly lovin's and stopped in to try the talk of the Southside - The Pub Chip Shop.  We walk in not knowing what to expect:  Its similar to a deli counter - the menu is on the wall and you walk up when you know what you want to order.  Decisions, decisions.  The BF chose the Fish n Chips (one of us had to) and I selected the daily special of Brisket Tots and Mac.  Since we were feeling especially indulgent, we decided to try their Vegan Mushroom Risotto Pie.  All of this food, plus a few NA beverages and tip, around $35.  Not bad at all!When it arrived - Sweet Lord where are we putting all of it!?!?!  I had to try the pie - Flakey and buttery crust with amazing flavor of mushroom risotto inside.  I could just eat this and be happy.  But no - I have a whole meal to consume.Up next the Brisket - I couldn't even see it ... It was covered in mac n cheese!!!  Under the cheese was brisket, THEN tots!!!  HOLY MOLEY!!!  So creamy and flavorful and delicious.  It's everything you loved as a kid, adultified.  That's right - a new word - adultified.The BF said (and I couldn't try the fish and chips because I was burried in cheese and beef) the fish was crispy and fries were delicious... But it too was huge!Next time we have decided that we will SHARE a meal and a pie because our stomachs were incredibly full - but OH so happy.
<review# 98,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/17/2014,6/28/2014,101,91,3,4,4>i-dine-here-a-few-times-a-year-for-lunch-i-really-like-their-roasted-red-pepper-and-vodka-sauces-on-any-of-the-pasta-options-but-do-try-the-ricotta-gnocchi-add-a-meatball-or-two-and-you-have-the-makings-of-an-excellent-meal-all-pastas-are-between-7-10-dollars-and-are-decently-portioned-for-lunch-servings-i-also-very-much-enjoy-their-paninis-with-the-chickengoat-cheeseroasted-red-pepper-being-my-favorite-i-never-enjoyed-beans-and-greens-before-i-tried-it-here-ill-admit-it-is-very-tasty-with-fresh-tomatoes-and-white-wine-sauce-the-dinner-menu-is-larger-and-slightly-more-expensive-but-lacks-the-lunch-paninis-im-not-sure-if-they-are-still-available-so-ask-large-plate-stars-include-the-flank-steak-and-the-pork-shankthe-place-is-byob-and-corking-fee-is-a-modest-4-keep-in-mind-however-that-the-place-is-tiny-probably-only-twenty-tables-total-so-either-make-a-reservation-or-go-during-lunch-they-also-do-several-wine-dinners-over-the-course-of-the-year-one-strange-thing-its-an-italian-restaurant-with-pictures-of-prague-everywhere-not-necessarily-a-bad-thing-just-slightly-out-of-place-samozrejme-je-mi-jedno-ceska-republika-se-mi-libi
<review# 99,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/28/2014,6/27/2014,1891,388,2,14,6>This just opened location is right across the street from the movie theater. There have been so many different restaurants in this space I can't keep track of them all. The space is rather small compared to the previous restaurant that occupied the same space. I'm not sure why Burgatory didn't take more space as the storefront next door is available for lease and was a part of the last restaurant that was there. They need all the square footage they can get. I still don't get why Burgatory doesn't take reservations so be prepared to wait 1 hour plus on the weekends now that the weather is nice. One really cool new feature they do have is that once you are put into the que of people waiting you can go to the No Wait App and see how many people are ahead of you and when it is time to walk back over to the restaurant.The wife and I started off with our usual Berry Lemonades and our daughter had a Natrona Vanilla Cream Soda.For an appetizer we got the Just Fork It (Fresh cut fries smothered with Braised Short Ribs, Cheddar Cheese Curds & Pan Gravy) They were EPIC and worth the wait themselves! Next my daughter and I both got the Standard Deluxe Burger. It's a burger with White American Cheese, Lettuce, Tomato, Onion and their House Burger Sauce. I added bacon and sauteed mushrooms to mine. It was huge and outstanding! The wife got the Hot Chick sandwich. (Grilled Herbed Chicken, Sharp Provolone, Tomatoes, House-Made Guacamole, Chipotle Sour Cream & Cilantro Leaves on Grilled Herbed Focaccia. Served with lightly dressed Field Greens.)I also like the fact that you can build your own burger in 7 steps . If you haven't been before here's how it works.Step 1. Pick your burger. You have a choice of beef, chicken, bison, sausage, lumb crab or veggie patty as a burger. Step 2. Pick your bun. Next you pick your bun with Brioche, Wheat, Baguette, Focaccia, Topless or Full Monty Style as choices Step 3. Pick your rub. Choose from Angel Dust, Kona Crust, BBQ, Kingston Jerk, Cracked Peppercorn and Bayou Cajun Step 4. Pick your cheese for $1 more Choose from Cheddar, White American, Horseradish Cheddar, Sharp Provolone, Gorgonzola, Mozzarella, Smoked Gouda and Buffalo Cheddar. Step 5. Pick your sauce. Choose from Bourbon BBQ, Dijon Mayo, Banana Ketchup, House Sauce, Spicy Marinara, Guacamole, Sour Cream, Roasted Garlic Mayo, Sriracha Remoulade, Buttermilk Ranch, Spicy Ketchup, Whole Grain Mustard, Avocado Wasabi, Bleu Cheese Dressing, Buffalo Sauce, Relish and Chipotle Sour Cream Step 6. Pick a topping for $1 to $1.50 more. Choose from Fried Egg, Applewood Smoked Bacon, Avocado, Chicken Chili, Caramelized Onion Marmalade, Grilled Pineapple, Sautéed Mushrooms, Maple Cured Ham, Onion Straws, Roasted Tomatoes, Grilled Onions, Brandied Peppercorn, Cabernet Sauce and Roasted Red Peppers. Step 7. Pick a free topping. Choose from Iceberg, Romaine, Field Greens, Baby Spinach, Arugula, Red Onion, Tomato, Poblano Peppers, Cucumbers, Banana Peppers, Bread & Butter Pickles and Jalapenos. Lots of choices and ways to customize your burger.Our waitress Jordan was great as well and took really good care of us. I think the Waterfront finally has a winner that will last in this once doomed space.
<review# 100,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/4/2014,6/26/2014,60,19,3,8,7>Living downtown I have the distinct privilege of being able to eat at great and not so great restaurants on a regular this leads to a bit of a foodie malaise as I am inundated with the good and the bad frequently. Then a night like tonight happens!Welcome to the trendy Six Penn Kitchen!I walked in without a reservation waiting for the inevitable "do you have a reservation" with the slight eye roll and pretentiousness that comes with that loaded question. Instead I was greeted warmly at the door with a "good evening". I let them know I didn't have a reservation but was hoping to grab a table. They very politely let me know that it would be approximately fifteen minutes to reset a table or we could choose to sit at a high top table without the wait. Let the fun begin!My party of three sat at a high top in the bar area and were promptly approached by the bartender asking if we would like a drink. He took our order with ease and I threw him a curve ball. I asked for a drink I had experienced earlier in the week for the first time and man it was good. Unfortunately he hadn't heard of it before but instead of say nope, sorry, or HUH he politely let me know he didn't know the drink then hit me with a few popular ones he could nail. I asked for my fall back drink I LOVE the Moscow Mule which he said he could do without the copper cup and I was good with that! I'll tell you this much no copper cup didn't mess up his mules trip to Moscow one bit quite a tasty drink.  On to our table which was situated nicely in a beautifully appointed dinning area near the open view kitchen. I don't know who decorated and designed this space but they are brilliant! The lighting was bright enough to be cheery but dimmed enough to make for a potential romantic setting for a date or a nice dinner with your family. The kitchen is a lively, teeming view which gives a taste of trendy awesome but also feels a bit like watching Hell's Kitchen live and your getting the food. The volume is superb not loud so you can speak with your table without raising your voice and not quiet so you feel like you're eating at a pretentious swank establishment where grabbing the wrong fork may lead to snickers and pointing. So the atmosphere of this cool and upbeat place immediately grabs me and sets me down a path to what would become possibly the best dinning experience I've had living in Downtown Pittsburgh.Our server David was prompt, polite, professional and in a true sign of a great server eased us into our dinning experience. He gave us time to peruse the menus was unobtrusive and there when we had a question. On to the good stuff... THE FOOD!!!So I'm not sure why or how this place ended up with a three star!!! We ordered the Flash Fried Calamari & Shrimp as an appetizer. As our food came to the table our server kindly introduced us to the plate from the main ingredients along with the great sauces provided. MAN it was GOOD!!! The chef and his crew made sure that the calamari and shrimp were the stars of this appetizer which lead to a tender, moist, and lightly breaded mound of scrumptiousness. What a way to kick off a dinner!What made the meal even better was watching and listening to the Executive Sous-Chef de Cuisine Corey Hughes. He directed the kitchen like a WWII field general maintaining the smooth troop movements and precise battle field execution. He deftly controlled the pass ensuring that only the best was leaving his kitchen to tickle the guests palates. I thank you sir for your deft touch it made this moment in culinary time suspend, twist, and turn on my taste buds like mmmmm yumminess!Then the entree's reach the table with the elegance of Cinderella descending to the dance floor to meet prince charming. Once landed in front of our eyes the entree's stood there gorgeously plated screaming for forks, knives and the gnashing of our terrible teeth!We ordered the "signature" Cracklin Pork Shank, Gourmet Burger, and Buffalo Mac N' Cheese. HOLY CRUD, OMG, ARE YOU KIDDING ME!!!! The burger my wife ordered looked amazing and my wife couldn't put it down. According to her this 8oz. burger was juicy with a crown of ham and egg which left her sorry it was gone. My daughter let me steal a bite of her Buffalo Mac N' Cheese again the food was stuck on awesome. The bite I had was cheesy real cheesy and instead of just tasting cheese there was a plethora of other subtleties then the real surprise twist some heat oh yeah some good heat that made this cheesy, ooey, gooeyness just right! On to the dish I took a chance on and I am so, so, so glad I did. It was listed on the menu in their "Signature" section. Well let me tell you something SIGNATURE INDEED!!!! I thought I needed a knife to attack this huge portion of meat. To my surprise again the meat fell off the bone quite literally fell off the bone. It was moist, perfect, melt in your mouth goodness.
<review# 101,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/5/2011,7/15/2011,45,60,,3,3>my girlfriend has been talking about getting bahn mi sandwiches for the past 5 months.  there's been a lot of hype.  a lot.  when lucy wasn't in front of the firehouse lounge over the winter, we almost went to philly for the day just so that i could get one of these vietnamese hoagies for myself.  we read about lucy but didn't see her one time throughout the winter & early spring.that is until last week when we just incidentally saw her while shopping for blue crabs in the strip.and, yes, it totally lived up to the hype.  we let her do her thing and had all of the toppings.  the bread was fresh.  the chicken was tender and perfectly marinated in the vinegar sauce.  the carrots, cilantro,  and jalapenos were a perfect combination.  and, i was happy about the less traditional (apparently) addition of sriracha to add even more spice.  all for $6? thanks, lucy, for saving me five hour drives just to get sandwiches.  you're amazing...and close to home!
<review# 102,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/10/2011,7/14/2011,24,135,2,6,2>I took my car here for its annual inspection and things could not have gone smoother. The lot and garage are small, which can make dropping of the car a little tricky. But hey, that means other people trust this garage too, no? My car was awkwardly parked behind the CVS across the street when I went to pick it up with some other cars. To be fair, they did offer to get it for me.I dropped off my car the night before and stupidly forgot to leave my insurance/registration. When I returned in the am to drop off those forms, my insurance card was expired and Mike could not have been nicer about calling the insurance company to take care of my mistake. My car was done by 11 a.m., but they are open till 5 p.m. Granted, my review may be a little biased since I did not need any actual work done on my car, but family members have taken their car here and were pleased with the service.So, if you need a local garage in the South Hills that won't rip you off, go see Mike.
<review# 103,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/22/2011,7/13/2011,42,34,4,3,3>The place is decorated nice and its clean! lol The food is really good! I love spicy food but don't usually find restaurant food that spicy. Smiling banana leaf is an exception!! My husband loves the pad thai on a level 10 spicy but I can only take level 8. The spicy green beans with chicken is my favorite dish (level 8). Yesterday, I tried it with pork and it was an epic fail! The pork was really chewy. I like my meat (except for bacon) very well done. The first time my husband and I ate there we actually dined in which was a big mistake! My friend told me it was intimate but she should have told me it was a crack in the wall (not a hole but a tiny crack). There was only one waitress/hostess for the WHOLE restaurant! Be prepared to be thirsty because it might take a while to get a refill. The seats are very uncomfortable! I felt like I was back in high school sitting on the bleachers with a numb butt. The waitress was nice but she didn't know BASIC restaurant etiquette. I asked for a straw and chopsticks and she gave me both of them unwrapped with her hands all over it! Gross! Keep in mind she is a waitress/hostess so she was touching money,the cash register, menus, and 5 millions other things... okay maybe I'm a bit of a germophob OH and how can I forget... the bathroom!! The whole time I was hoping and praying that no one would go to the bathroom and do number 2. The whole restaurant would smell it... yes, the place is that small. Things to take from this review: 1. The food is great! 2. ALWAYS get the food to-go.
<review# 104,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/19/2010,7/12/2011,143,349,5,5,3>Yumster in my Tumster!  So I go to the PPC downtown and it's wonderful.  A popcorn haven - sweet, salty, spicy, tangy - oh the flavors are endless!  I tend to always get the Wisconsin cheddar but the Caramel popcorn is delish.  This stuff is better than Garrett's popcorn in Chicago...and that's some serious poppin corn in that joint - fo' real.  So if you're looking for a snickety snack check this place out because it's AAAAWWWWESOME!
<review# 105,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/24/2011,7/11/2011,138,226,3,9,3>Let me start by saying, I get around and I love to eat.I consider myself fortunate in that I have been able to enjoy food prepared by award-winning chefs in San Francisco, Chicago, Austin, and New Orleans. Not sure my experiences and gluttony make me an expert but consider it when I say this restaurant is definitely worth your time. Be sure to start with some of the house-cured meats because this is Chef Justin Severino's super power. If the world needs a Charcuterie Man (and  I would argue it does) this guy deserves the cape. Pair it with some of the delicious local (who knew there were so many?) cheeses and you have the perfect appetizer or bar snack.The salads were refreshing and perfectly dressed, the pumpkin soup with crab was creamy, smooth and the mint was the perfect foil the the drizzle of spicy curry oil. Our scallop app was extra yummy and perfectly cooked. Fork tender veal cheek entree had me scraping the sauce off of my (and my hubby's) plate. Chocolate pecan pie was good but almond financier with plums was AMAZING, nicely crisp outside and tender crumb in. Wine list has a nice mix of excellent wines with many by the glass or half bottle. Would love to check out the lounge next time. I enjoyed a tasty-tart basil gimlet before dinner and the rest of the cocktail menu is definitely intriguing.Service was outstanding:  Friendly, attentive, professional and knowlegable-- all the important adjectives. Even the owner and chef stopped by to check on us. Pittsburgh is extremely fortunate to have Justin Severino back from California. TAKE ADVANTAGE OF IT PEOPLE!
<review# 106,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/7/2010,7/10/2011,21,227,2,3,3>LOVED IT!  The other reviewers aren't kidding about the menu, it's like a litany to food and it takes some time to figure out what item on it makes you drool the most.  I had the renee burger:  american cheese, bacon, sauteed mushrooms, and cheddar cheese sauce, with fries.  It was a plate of food that I could never even hope finish, every bite delicious.  Bonus, even though it was like 1130AM when I ate there, when I asked our waitress if I could have a shot of absolut citron, she didn't even blink before exclaiming "absolutely!"  I'll definitely go back (when I'm hungrier!)
<review# 107,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/11/2011,7/9/2011,31,22,9,11,8>This gem is pretty close to work so i was able to check it out for lunch with a couple of my work mates. There were 6 people in my party and they were able to seat us immediately ...it was also 1230pm.   The place is small and intimate. Cute decor and very homey.  They have a simple no fuss italian menu.  Appetizers, sandwiches and bigger meals. Its BYOB. They had one vegetarian salad, one vegetarian wrap and entree. Our waiter was a bit dull and even maybe hangover?? very blah demeanor.  He also wasn't familiar with some of the items on the menu. i.e the salad of the day. However this was quickly redeemed by their white bean/olive oil vinaigrette dip that comes with the basket of bread. OMG delish i probably ate too much. It had the perfect kick and a great way to get the tummy ready for the entree.  I ordered the  lemon goat cheese ravioli with asparagus and it was delicious. A bit more cheesier than i expected but still extremely flavourful the asparagus was probably my favourite item on the plate. Fresh and not too raw or over cooked. The serving was big and i got to have some leftovers for dinner.One of  My meat eating friends got the chicken sandwich that shes still talking about. My glass of water was refilled frequently and so was my friends' ice teas. We also got our checks pretty quickly.  A+ for the fast service. Other than the lack of enthusiasm for life from our waiter, I thought this place was great. The lunch prices are also very reasonable. $11 for my ravioli and about 9/10 for sandwiches. At the end of the meal the chef came out to see how we liked our meals and he was cute and friendly thus adding one more star to this review. If you work in Bloomfield or shadyside this is a great place to check out for lunch. We were there for about 45 minutes and with the fast service you will be able to enjoy an amazing meal without getting on the boss's shit list.
<review# 108,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/17/2011,7/8/2011,351,500,,7,5>I spend alot of time in New Orleans, and I'm often reluctant to eat Creole food when I'm anywhere but there. However, this place was beckoning. Chances were good that I was going to be disappointed, but I had to check it out anyway. We foolishly did not call ahead, as it was Thursday night, and we figured it wouldn't be that busy at 6:00. Wrong. The bar was jammed, and tables were booked for the night. The very nice hostess was quite apologetic ( I bet she's getting good at that, turning people away). I told Doug that I had to use the women's room, but while I was gone, he should hang out in the bar and snag a couple of stools just in case someone should decide to leave. I wasn't gone but two minutes, and when I looked over, he was waving me over to the bar. What a good husband. So we bellied up and told the bartender we were hungry. He made us both a sazerac while we looked over the menus. Two thumbs way up on this, New Orlean's signature cocktail. This is an easy drink to mess up, and I've had versions of it that tasted more like cough syrup than rye whiskey. This one struck the perfect balance between the smoky rye heat and spicy bitters with just a hint of sweetness. Well done, barkeep. He mentioned to us that, as it was happy hour, the red beans and rice app and gumbo were a dollar (!) and the fried catfish appetizer and flatbreads were half price. Score. We shared the red beans and rice, which was very good, and the gumbo, which was awesome. Really, some excellent gumbo here. This gumbo is made with file, and I love that herbal, sassafras flavor. Everything about this gumbo was great, from the good quality andouille to the level of heat and spice. Just superb. They brought the catfish out next. The fish is breaded in a beer batter, which makes for a nice thick crispy exterior, and served with a remoulade that had just the right amount of heat and seasonings. So far, we were very pleased, both with the quality of the food and the even handedness with the spices. The only thing I'll say about the catfish is that it was a bit soft. I don't know why this happens, but most of the catfish consumed in this country is farm raised, and I've noticed this at other restaurants when I've ordered it...just a strange consistency. I do not fault the restaurant for this, however, as it seems to be an issue in many places, with the exception of the south. I've always had only the best and firmest catfish when I'm in Misssissippi, Louisiana, Alabama, Georgia and South Carolina. Next we tried one of the flatbread pizzas, with andouille and crawfish. It's difficult to put this many toppings on a flatbread and have it not be soggy...it's all about oven heat and crisping up the bottom, and they did it just right. A delicious flatbread pizza. Amazing...we liked everything we tried. The food was flying out of the kitchen, too; we didn't wait more than 5 minutes for anything. This may have been due to the fact that the restaurant was not yet busy, so I recommend going for happy hour and saving some shekels. We didn't save room for dessert, but they have a few things that sound good. I like bread pudding, and would have tried theirs, but they described it as bananas foster bread pudding, and that sounded too sweet for me. In New Orleans, bananas foster and bread pudding are two separate desserts, and I like it that way. The raspberry shortbread sounded good, but I just didn't have room. That, and Doug has been making some noise the past couple of days about making chocolate pots du creme, so I'm saving myself for that. At any rate, we'll be back when we need our fix of Cajun and Creole food. Well done, NOLA.
<review# 109,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/15/2011,7/7/2011,81,73,1,14,5>So I am not the Spa type, I mean I would love to be but unfortunately its not in my budget.  I got a glimpse into the life of ladies who lunch today...and it was fabulous! My sister and I visted Judit's today with a gift certificate for a facial and hot stone massage.  My sister and I were taken upstairs into a private room.  She (I believe the mother of the owner) said that we would be in the same room and when one is getting a facial the other will be getting a massage. Now the good stuff! I got a massage first and my sister got a facial. I have gotten hot stone massages before (ok, once before) but it was nothing like this.  The whole massage lasted 60 minutes and was soooo relaxing. She started on my back, then legs, (flipped me over) then arms and hands, then legs and feet again. It was perfect and so thorough. I am pumped that I didn't have to get up and switch places for the facial.  The facial was incredible as well. Exfoliating masks, moisturizing lotions, steam towels, lotion gloves. She even got rid of my blackheads, although painful it was appreciated. SUCH A RELAXING DAY! If you have some extra cash and want to treat yourself instead of buying a new pair of pumps get a massage/facial here! *Great Gift Idea*
<review# 110,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/11/2011,7/6/2011,1030,539,14,22,19>Went late with a friend that recommended.  Went late with a friend that recommended.... who knows his food!  It was not crowded at all. Found Echo to be very nice dining experience.  The service was very good and prompt.  Server was able to discuss the food selections that we asked about.  Menu is al a carte and it was late so skipped the apps. and salad.  The Papperdelle with lamb shoulder had white asparagus, tomato, spinach and squash was very good.  The papperdella pasta and other pasta's are housemade and the papperdelle had a nice firm homemade texture...just the way homemade pasta should be!  Pasta was a few very long noodles that were layer on the plate and went well with the lamb, veggies and sauce.  The golden trout looked nice and was told it was very good.  Save room for deserts.  Echo has a pastry chef.  Had the chocolate-hazelnut bombe....Scrumptious!  Also had a taste of the NY style cheesecake that was oooooohhhhh so good!Echo has a nice wine list.  Echo seems like a big place and has with a few different rooms .  the room we were in was nice size and only a few other tables in use.  Many of the items reference the local farms and suppliers.
<review# 111,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/23/2013,4/18/2013,103,298,3,5,4>Wait, how have I not reviewed Crepes Parisiennes?I first fell in love with crepes in my early teenage years, when a crepe shop opened up in my hometown of State College. Yes, the town that is best known for its love of football and binge drinking once had a restaurant that sold crepes that were practically transcendent, stuffed with anything you could imagine. Not surprisingly, it didn't last long, and my heart broke when it closed and I could only get my crepe fix on my yearly family vacations to Disney World.In my sophomore year of college, I studied abroad in Italy, and rediscovered my crepe obsession when I found them in a British-style pub. A trip to Paris for four days had me eating the simple street version each day for breakfast. And then I returned to State College, crepeless and sad. How excited was I when I moved to Pittsburgh and found Crepes Parisiennes? I don't even think I need to answer that question.These are GOOD crepes. Perfectly crispy on the outside and soft on the inside. The topping list is unfortunately very limited. They don't have many veggies, they only have one type of cheese, and they don't have bacon for your breakfast crepe or strawberries for your dessert crepe. Still, you can't really go wrong with any of the combinations.I came back to State College and tried the new crepe shop in town, and it sucked. It made me realize that I totally take Crepes Parisiennes for granted. The food might be simple, but trust me when I say Pittsburgh is lucky to have it!
<review# 112,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/20/2013,4/17/2013,207,401,,9,5>This was my second visit to this tiny restaurant on the main drag in Mt Lebanon.  I had been once before a couple years ago for dinner but decided to try lunch while in the area.  I had ordered a tagine for dinner and wasn't in love with it.  It was really heavy as I recall even though I had ordered chicken.  It was awhile ago but I can remember thinking it was expensive and not brilliant.  I ordered the appetizer platter for lunch and it was absolutely terrific.  It had a black bean hummus, vegetable hummus, roasted vegetables and an eggplant dish.  It was served with a small side salad minty and lightly dressed and surrounded by a fortress of grilled pita wedges.  We were going to go to Aladdins but their pita is thin and looks and tastes like shoe leather.  This pita was really nice.   It had a grilled flavor and was a quality product.  The hummus were great.  I loved the vegetable hummus, it was spicy and nicely seasoned.  Everything on the plate was delicious.  I would definitely come back and try some more.  I should have given them another chance years ago.
<review# 113,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/18/2013,4/16/2013,55,74,6,4,4>Chocolate: good. Bacon: good. Downtown: good. Chocolate+Bacon+Downtown= freaking awesome goodness. Seriously, if you haven't been lucky enough to get some chocolate covered bacon strips from Sinful Sweets, then what are you doing with your life? I was given some bacon strips by my wife for Valentines' Day, and they were awesome. Thick cut bacon is coated in a 1/4 inch of awesome chocolate. It's salty, sweet, bacony yummness, and I understand it comes in milk chocolate or dark chocolate.I've also had a few of their cake pops, like the french toast one that is french toast dipped in white chocolate and topped with maple syrup and bacon pieces (noticing a trend with me and bacon?). I also had a Rice Crispy treat that was coated in peanut butter, then dipped in chocolate, and then dressed with caramel. Chewy gooey yummy yum yum.Check out this very cool establishment that is located Downtown. Also, my wife says the guy who runs the place is a big dude that is good with the ladies, although I can't confirm...
<review# 114,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/20/2012,4/15/2013,73,461,2,3,2>Big Dog is my husband's go-to coffee shop, and since we work for the same company, I often end up getting coffee with him. Well, needless to say, it's quickly become my go-to place, too.I don't have extensive coffee knowledge. I like both milk and sugar in my coffee and my coffee is more tan than black. But Big Dog is SO GOOD that the quality and flavor of their drinks overcome the fact that I water them down or only order lattes.I highly recommend this spot. The baristas and owner are great - very funny and easy to make conversation with. It's the sort of spot that draws you in and will make you not want to go back to work....Essentially, skip the Caribou, Starbucks, and Crazy Mocha, because if competing head-to-head against any drink, Big Dog will come out on top. They're simply the best. Meandering across the street away from the chains is totally worth the additional steps.
<review# 115,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/11/2012,4/14/2013,94,114,2,6,2>I've been here twice within 1 week and it has instantly become one of my top 5 favorite restaurants to visit. I'll break down my joy below..Food: Great! I've been to New Orleans, so I wasn't shocked by some of the offerings since they do seem to try to keep to traditional NOLA foods. The only thing (which they do mention) is that the spiciness is adapated for the Northern palate, so it's not as cajun as you might expect. The best? The red velvet bread pudding changed my world --- seriously, just try it out.Atmosphere: I love the look, feel, and vibe of this place. It's inviting, jovial, and a lot bigger than you'd expect. I was shocked by how large the inside was. They also play live music in the bar most nights. The only issue was that the one band was incredibly loud and my second visit was near the front of the joint. They allowed the band to continue playing loud and we could barely hear eachother. We even told them about it, and the waiters seemed to agree, but nothing was done. While I appreciated the music, it's still a restaurant and not a club.Service: Great! Both times it seemed that the waiters enjoyed working there and were nothing but nice. Price: They are a little expensive. You can get by with a cheaper tab if you stick to their flat breads (starting at $9) and desserts, but you'll definitely end up paying at minimum $15 (most above 20) a plate when you're considering entrees.
<review# 116,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/28/2013,4/13/2013,66,81,2,3,2>This has been my go to place for fro-yo ever since I moved to PIttsburgh! Unlike frozen yogurt places in other major northeastern cities, I love the fact that this place is a self-serve store with so many yogurt flavors and  topping options. Self serve yogurt parlors are unique to Pittsburgh. In most other cities(NYC, Boston, DC), your yogurt with toppings are piled together by a staff member who decides the amount of each ingredient to pile on to your cup and you get charged on the number of toppings rather than paying per weight. I love the pay per weight system where you have the option of trying small amounts of new yogurt flavors or loading on toppings you love while skimming of ones you just want to nibble. In PIttsburgh..by far Razzy fresh has the best yogurt flavors with several seasonal options such as pear, honeydew with all year round favorites such as original, vanilla, mango and chocolate. I do feel the topping options can be expanded and improved only because I have tried the yogurt place inside Ross Park Mall which has fantastic topping varieties. Make sure to get a loyalty card if you are a frozen yogurt junkie like me so that you can avail of a free yogurt once you hit the 10 yogurt mark. Overall: Razzy Fresh flames the fire of my Yogurt Craze by allowing me to have a truly a customizable experience!
<review# 117,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/1/2013,4/12/2013,22,121,2,4,2>Me and the hubby went to Habitat Saturday after a matinee show downtown.  We had never been here before.  It was absolutely fabulous and we are definitely fans!  It is a beautiful place with views of downtown Pittsburgh out every window.  We were seated and received prompt, excellent service.  Our waiter was attentive but not overly so.  It was just the right amount of service, not in our face constantly yet we always had a full glass.  We started with the Naan bread as an appetizer.  This comes with three kinds of spread.  The one was forgettable however the other two, we didn't need the third.  We very much liked the banana chutney, just the right amount of heat.  The hubby does not like hummus but I loved their's.  It was a black olive hummus (and I don't like black olives). Their hummus was perfection!  I chose the Scottish Salmon for my main course.  It comes with what I would describe as a brussell sprout salad.  The brussell sprouts were stemmed and incredibly tasty.  In this salad, so to speak, were chunks of smoked salmon - oh my goodness - I could eat this stuff by the pound.  It was smoked and had just the right amount of saltiness.  I also got a side of mashed potatoes, whipped up to a perfect consistancy (light and creamy and seasoned perfectly).  The hubby enjoyed the honey glazed duck for his main course.  We have never had duck that was so good.  It had a good smokey flavor to it and it was tender and juicy!  He also had a side of asparagus, we always love asparagus.  We had to try dessert too, of course.  I got the Tropical Oasis.  it was sweet and tart all at the same time.  It was, most certainly, a tropical oasis in a cup.  The hubby chose the German Chocolate cake, wow!  I am not a true coconut fan or a german chocolate cake fan but I would get theirs.  It was terrific.  The food was phenomenal and the wait service was impeccable.  We will certainly go there again!
<review# 118,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/15/2012,4/11/2013,27,76,2,4,2>I was told my friend wanted to go to a lawrenceville wine bar for his birthday. I am not a big wine drinker, and figured I would go for appeasement purposes (it worked with Hitler, right?).My perception was shattered, it is not simply a "wine bar" where Sewickley Heights Yuppies get together to talk about their 401k's,  it was anything but.A calm, dimly lit vibe, with esoteric seating is what I discovered. Not only that, but a list including much more than wine. Their beer selection is admirable and the cocktail selection is on par with some of the better mixology bars in Pittsburgh.I sampled a few beers and cocktails that my girlfriend and friend had ordered, and they were very good. My own selections were two red wines, based on the bartenders recommendation. They were very kind to my palate. I only gave it 4 stars because I did not get a chance to try it further, but will be back in the future.This place, and Eclipse lounge give a very Lower East side vibe to Larryville that is much needed.
<review# 119,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/2/2013,4/10/2013,11,75,,7,1>I've been going here for years. I can't believe I now get around to leave a review.Green Forest is a Brazilian restaurant that cooks meats the same way and is the closest thing to Argentinean asado. You wont need to add any sauces or spices to their meats. I no longer eat red meat but my husband does, he's been to Argentina and he loves a good churrasco or asado so imagine how exited he gets when we get to go to Green Forest.As for me, I've been a pescatarian for six years. Their salad bar is FANTASTIC. **Vegetarians, or vegans: they have everything and anything you can think of. **I'm sure you already read somewhere here about the red and green coasters (or wood pieces) they have on each table to let the servers know if you're ready for more meat.Don't forget to try their succulent deserts, their flan is my favorite.
<review# 120,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/30/2012,4/9/2013,77,101,,3,3>Needed a last minute gift so I headed to the Pittsburgh Popcorn Co. on my way home from work. Friendly and helpful staff and it wasn't very busy. Be prepared to be driven close to madness by the amazing smell that hits ya when you walk in.  I thought they did a good job with the Chicago style--my favorite. I've frequently had Garrett's popcorn in Chicago (The King of Popcorn Shops) and this measured up fine. It felt a bit pricey to me for Pittsburgh but it's nice to have a quick, fun, appreciated hostess gift idea in your back pocket and these guys are on my list.
<review# 121,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/2/2014,5/25/2014,100,138,1,5,3>I'm glad I came back to Social because they really impressed me this time. A large group of singers from Renaissance City Choir (check us out!) went to Social after a recent performance to celebrate. Our server didn't bat an eye at our group of 15 or so, kept our drinks coming, food came out in a timely fashion, checks were split with no hesitation, all with a smile and a friendly demeanor. Wow! Color me impressed.On top of that, the food was great. I had Thai shrimp tacos which were so good, and a slice of a friend's buffalo chicken pizza, which had such good crust and nicely charred chicken on top. My husband was raving about his pierogi pizza too.
<review# 122,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/9/2014,5/24/2014,248,77,1,8,5>Two words... CAKE SHOTSI treated myself to some cake shots on my birthday. So glad that I did! So innovative, and delicious! I bought a six pack consisting of 2 double chocolate, 2 birthday cake, 1 Reese's, and 1 snickers shots. I never tried the Reese's or double chocolate since my boyfriend got to them before I did, lol. The birthday cake was so soft, rich, and buttery. OMG, my mouth is watering writing this review... Lol. The service was very good. A nice woman waited on me as I decided which flavors to get. Bottom line... Get there!
<review# 123,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/9/2014,5/23/2014,1030,539,2,15,6>Stopped by after reading Darren's review.   Unfortunately, that bbq has close, but...a new place has already opened in its place.  Was talking with our server and he said they opened on April 4.  The previous bbq that was in this location was only open about one to two months and closed.  The building owner worked with Swhinery to open up. facebook.com/theswhineryThe bar area does allow smoking not including the smoke from the smoked meat.  The restaurant in the back room is non-smoking. Swhinery bbq has won awards at many bbq cook offs up and down the east coast.  Check out their facebook page and look at the banners on the side of the building.The food is good.  The Blackened tuna with sesame had some nice flavors and definitely had sesame favor, was cooked perfectly and was a great meal.  The ribs are good.  The ribs come with the Swhinery bbq sauce that is a little sweet but has some sharpness.  There is a Hot Swhinery bbq sauce that I preferred.  Also, a mustardy Carolina sauce is available.  Was surprised at the variety on the menu.
<review# 124,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/8/2013,5/22/2014,84,118,4,5,4>I've been going here since 2005 for the care of my pug-mix, Napoleon.  Napoleon is quite a special-needs pug, and fears the vet so much he has to be given a sedative before a visit.  And, even then, he's trying to bit everyone there with all his might.All the vets and vet techs that work with him and I have been very patient and accommodating.  Dr. Michelle P in particular is great with him, but all the staff, including the front desk, go out of their way during our interactions.Met Vet West is a full-service veterinary hospital, so any meds and most services that you may need can be handled there (exception being specialty care, like a doggie cardiologist, my next stop).  They are open till midnight daily, and offer emergency services.  There is a $95 emergency fee if your pet is seen without an appointment.I can usually get an appointment within 24-48 hours, and after exploring a few other vets in the area, I find Met Vet's prices to be comparable and even lower on some things, like medications.My ONLY complaint is purely personal, as Robinson is a bit of a drive for me from Lawrenceville.  However, I will continue to utilize Met Vet West for the duration of Napoleon's life (and I'm sure he'll live forever, right?!).
<review# 125,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/17/2014,5/21/2014,84,195,1,7,3>This was a good week for food.Great Mexican food, I think I'm swayed by free salsa and chips. For a place that isn't really conducive to sitting down and eating (seems less like a restaurant and more like a takeout) I was surprised by the presentation of the food as well as the pleasant service.  It had all the benefits of being a quick to go restaurant and a proper sit down. +Speedy +Cheap+Huge portions to last for days+Pleasant staff +Complementary chips and salsa (really got me) +Relatively Clean and Quiet +Convenient Nothing to hate.
<review# 126,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/3/2014,5/20/2014,65,80,3,7,4>I have been wanting to go to Meat & Potatoes for a long time. I have heard such good things so this was a place I really needed to go to. Lo and behold I was asked to a late night birthday celebration! It was held on Monday after 10. We were presented with two menus. A late night menu and the regular menu.  I was torn. The late night menu was $5!!! And the menu looked amazing, mussels, oyster, patty melt, shake and bake chicken, and an assortment of flat breads! Wow, what a great menu and a great deal.  But would the portions be enough? Or was this a sampling menu. I was hungry. I didn't want this $5 menu to turn out to be some sliders and a chicken leg. So I asked the waitress about the portion size. She said that they were small, but still good and made a shape with her hands that looked like a slider sized bun.OK, I thought to myself, better go with the big girl menu.  I ordered the Kimchi Ruben from the regular menu. The rest of the party went with the late night menu, and ordered two of each of the $5 plates. My food came first, and it was delicious. The bread was thick and crusty, and did not get soggy even the next day. The corned beef was cut to perfection and the kimchi (brussels sprouts) was spot on. Just enough spice and heat to make me want to try it again. But, then the rest of the food came out. And let me tell you, that  $5 menu was no joke. The flat breads were so good. I got to try the greens and chilies flatbread. OH MY. The greens were cooked to sweet perfection and when you took a bite it was heaven, with that kick of chilies mixed in. Just enough to make you go, "WOW" but not overwhelming. The Patty Melt was amazing. Juicy, cheesy, and the bread was thick and toasted just right. The mussels were marinating in this amazing buttery garlic sauce that made you dip your crusts of bread in it, just to get another bite. So good.(Can you tell we shared plates?)My only complaint is that if the waitress wouldn't have told me that the sizes were small I would have saved some money and just ordered off the late night menu. But I was not disappointed with my order or all of the other dishes I tried at all. And it makes me want to go back soon. This time, I will focus on the late night menu!!
<review# 127,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/9/2014,5/19/2014,74,140,4,8,3>This place just opened yesterday and I was excited to try it.  Overall I had a great experience, especially for a restaurant that just opened where they may have some kinks to work out.  There was a nice happy hour special of $5 Moscow mules, Mojitos or Dark'n'Stormys.  They made homemade ginger infusions with the drinks which was a nice touch.  Would have been nice to have a wine happy hour special though too since this place seems to portray itself as a wine bar/bistro.  I also had a glass of Sangria afterward which was very good.  They seemed to have a decent wine selection by the glass or bottle as well and they offered tastes before deciding.  Our server was very friendly and attentive and the owner of the restaurant also stopped by and introduced himself and asked us how we were doing a couple of times.  They also had a fun sense of humor.  I had no issues with the service other than the timing of the dishes coming out with my group could have been a bit more organized.  The decor was very nice and cozy, and the music and ambience were overall very nice. It looks like they have an outdoor patio area they are working on setting up which will be really nice.  However, some of the artwork was a little weird and cheap looking.  It looked like someone had taken their personal photography and printed them out on poster boards and hung them up on the wall.  They were not framed and some had messed up damaged corners or edges.  Some of the art was not so great with things like a closeup of a guy smoking and of a lady in a bra in a vineyard with a closeup of a lot of skin hanging out.  It just didn't seem that artistic or attractive.  But some of the art was nicer.  They brought out bread while we waited for our food.  The bread was homemade and it came with a tasty saffron aioli.  But unfortunately the bread seemed a little overbaked and lacking in something, as it was extremely hard (I only had a butter knife and had a seriously hard time breaking into it) and didn't really taste like much, but the saffron aioli made it better.  I ordered the trio of kebobs and the grouper ceviche and both were delicious.  The portions were a little small for the price but the quality and presentation were excellent.  The menu has quite an interesting selection of items from Mediterranean, to Middle Eastern, to South American.  It would be nice to see a few more entrees but I guess it's more of a tapas place.  I definitely enjoyed everything and would go back here again.
<review# 128,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/11/2014,5/18/2014,60,584,,6,4>How have I not reviewed this place before?  It is always in my list of the top 5 restaurants in the burgh whenever I am asked and I was pretty certain that I had.  From that you can probably gather that I come here a decent amount with the most recent time being on a Wednesday afternoon with my father for lunch.  We had made lunch reservations for 12:30 and arrived some time around there and were seated immediately.  Upon entering the restaurant it was easy to see that we didn't need the reservations but I would rather be safe than sorry.  The inside of Eleven is pretty cool and very open as it has been built inside of an old warehouse.  It is two stories tall with dining on both floors but with an open plan where you can see the ceiling pretty whenever you dine at.  There is a lovely fireplace whenever you first walk into the restaurant and to the left is the bar and the right the main dining room.  The bar is a pretty nice place and I have seen them open it up in the summer where there garage doors of the warehouse used to be.  On this occasion we sat at a small two top in the main dining room where at the end you can see into the pastry kitchen.  They is also a large two story wine cellar near the entrance which is cool to look at.Since it had been awhile since I had been to Eleven for lunch I decided to order the Eleven Burger as my entree with blue cheese as my cheese of choice.  Before our lunch was served the waiter brought out the bread basket.  Inside was one of my favorite premeal breads, a salted foccacia which pairs perfectly with the butter that they have there.  There was also some rustic Italian bread which was good as well.  Whenever the burger came to table I was reminded of why it is my favorite burger in Pittsburgh.  It is piled pretty high with all of the goodies inside of it and I have to cut it in half just to be able to eat it.  The burger has braised veal on the bottom, meat in the middle and then is topped with the cheese that you choose, bacon and some crispy onions. This last time that I visited the burger was as good as every other time I have had it with the burger being cooked perfectly and the bun slightly toasted.  It also comes with some seasoned fries that I always enjoy as well.  My dad ended up going with the Flank Steak for his lunch entree which also came with some fries.  He told me that the ends of his steak were a bit chewy but the middle was awesome.  I guess that is what you get whenever they oversear a tougher cut of meat.The bottom line for me is that I will definitely be back here in the future.  Eleven is one of the most consistent and best restaurants in Pittsburgh and I am not sure that I have ever had a bad meal here.
<review# 129,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/1/2014,5/17/2014,227,758,7,12,10>Pleasantly surprised!Let's be honest.  The name and the exterior appearance of Taj Mahal exude a cheesy vibe, no?  Shame on me for judging a book by its cover.  Under this roof is some tasty Indian food, but--here comes the disclaimer--I should note that my experience with Indian cuisine is limited.  If this is "authentic," then I'm a fan of Indian food.  If this isn't the real deal, then I'm not sure I'm terribly interested in trying "real" Indian food at all!The menu--extensive.The food--flavorful and high-quality.The portions--generous.The price--reasonable.The service--friendly...and slow.  Read on.And the naan.  Ohhhh, the naan!  To die for.Husband and I make it a point not to dine out if we're in a rush or a potential time crunch; I think it's rude to demand fast service at a non-fast-food restaurant.  Still, Taj Mahal gives a whole new meaning to the idea of a leisurely dining experience.  We actually chose to pay in cash and left a sizable tip so that we didn't have to wait for change or a credit card transaction.  Over 20 minutes must have passed from the time we confirmed we were ready for the check and when that check actually came, which prompted me to whisper to my guy, "Babe, we can't ever come here if we're in a hurry...unless we're in a hurry for curry."  I know, I know.  Couldn't resist.Can't wait to come back to try the lunch buffet, which is 10AM-3PM daily.
<review# 130,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/8/2014,5/16/2014,73,461,,4,3>I dined at Verde after a Yelp event today. I must admit that without the preceding Yelp event, I would've given this restaurant a 3 star review. However, the event made the drink menu truly come alive, and I would definitely come back to just hang out at the bar.My husband, friend, and I snagged a table after the event. We were told by the hostess that the table would be needed at 7:30. Since it was only 5:30, we reassured her that we would definitely have left by then. Our waitress was polite, and the food arrived promptly. However, though the service was solid, it wasn't necessarily amazing.We started with the chips and green tomatillo salsa. This appetizer is a great, inexpensive way to start off your meal. The portion size is petite but enough for the amount paid and for all of us. We decided to order the large family style tacos to share, which ended up being the perfect amount of food for three. We selected the Pescado, Carnitas, and Barbacoa with corn tortillas. The tortillas were very tasty, but the taco fillings left a little bit to be desired. They just needed more flavor! I am not a spicy food fan - I order my Thai food at a 2 or 3 spice level - but could've used more spice here. My favorite taco was the Barbacoa as the jalapeno feta packed a tasty punch.Though I do think Verde is overpriced ($39 for 9 tacos?), I would be willing to check it out again. Plus, the owner mentioned that Verde will be doing roasts (with pineapple!) on the patio this summer... Sign me up!! I will be there with a group of friends!
<review# 131,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/10/2014,6/4/2014,34,55,1,8,5>What, I'm giving a vegetarian place 5 stars? Yep, really! I do love meat, but if you're feeling the veggie fare then please pleas please go here. This is by far the best indian food in Pittsburgh (veg/non-veg it doesn't matter). Been there a couple of times and tries a lot of stuff on the menu.They don't do that spicy food, but oh the flavor. This is by far the best Indian place in the vicinity of Pittsburgh. I do love butter chicken and all that Indian chicken fare but really do give this place a try.Great dosas, great bhaturas, the veggie curries are great. I can't make claims about the dessert because I haven't tried it but I really want to go back there soon. I will update if I try anything new.
<review# 132,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/26/2014,6/3/2014,22,121,1,7,4>I can't believe we waited so long! Really! It is a as close to 5 star as you can get. I will explain further. We were seated promptly by a very nice hostess in a cool, trendy little restaurant.  The vibe is cool and chic. We were immediately tended to by our wonderful waitress. She was attentive and super nice. She immediately brought us water and the superb wondrous bread basket. Oh the delight in the basket of' bread. Ours included the corn muffins that were little but oh the flavor. If you read any of the other reviews then you will have noticed the mention of the muffin with chives and the wonderful cream cheese delight in the middle, wow! And we also had a baguette with the amazing honey butter with sea salt. We decided on the chicken meatball appetizer. The meatball was smaller but you get three and on the side - a grilled sourdough with what I can best describe as a hummus type topping. I loved the grilled sourdough however the hubby did not and this is where the 4 star comes into play( from the hubby). I chose the seared fluke as my entree. It is a seared fish with a lobster and artichoke saute. The fish atop an amazing , tasty English pea and goat cheese ravioli. I have to say the ravioli made this dish. It made a ho hum piece of fish phenomenal! The hubby chose the duo of beef which is grilled rib eye and braised cheek on loaded smashed potatoes with baby veggies, natural reduction and  bacon and arugula salad. The rib eye was so tender and juicy. The hubby did not like the cheek noting it tasted too much like a roast than a steak. He was not keen on the cheek. I got a side of roasted fingerling potatoes which were done to perfection. The hubby chose a side of roasted baby veggies- yum! And for dessert...I chose the s'mores. I love bacon but candied bacon is on a whole other level. The bacon coupled with the dark chocolate terrine (it was like a little dark chocolate cake) and the little puffs of marshmallow goodness and the cumin Graham cracker and the rice crispie treat, amazing! The hubby chose the Spoon bar which was what can best be described as one terrific chocolate piece of cake ( some of the best I have ever had). If you are looking for a wonderful place that is a little pricier I would recommend Spoon. We will go back again! It was a terrific dinner from start to finish!
<review# 133,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/21/2014,6/2/2014,207,401,3,5,4>This is the best Indian buffet in Pittsburgh. The assortment of choices is unbelievable and it's impossible to try everything. My only small comment is that everything is richer than it has to be. I've had similar examples elsewhere that aren't as heavy. I also appreciate how balanced the heat level is on all of their dishes. There's a definite range. Tamarind, for example, is just hot.  Every dish is too hot. Not here. Another remarkable thing about their food is their use of fresh vegetables in many of their dishes. You rarely see such an abundant variety of freshly prepared vegetables.  Back off the fats a little and I would be here all the time.  There's too many cream and cheese based dishes with fried veg balls floating in them.
<review# 134,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/21/2014,6/1/2014,57,239,1,7,5>The normally when I see the yelp Culture Club I turn the other way... don't get me wrong I love Yelp, but plays and musicals are just not my thing. However I figured I would give Peter and the Starcatcher a shot. I was really happily surprised with the show. It was hilarious. I really like the pop culture that they threw in here and there. The acting was awesome and the plot was great. My only negative comment would be that some of it was hard to hear.I would definitely recommend that anyone go to the show it was great.
<review# 135,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/6/2014,5/31/2014,44,211,1,6,4>Square is one of my absolute favorite breakfast/brunch spots in the East End. I absolutely love the square coffee mugs, and I think the coffee tastes even better just because of these adorable mugs. The atmosphere is cute, almost diner-esque, and they have an adorable litte bar when you can sit and order their signature lattes and a full breakfast/brunch/lunch if you like. They have a variety of table sizes considering the small size of the restaurant, and I have come here in groups of two, four, and six. There is plenty of room if you come early on a weekend morning.I generally order their scramble special, as my favorite Hopple Popple is not on the menu year-round. They always have delicious things that they mix into scrambles on special such as avocado, house-made chorizo, brussel sprouts, etc. The veggie omelette is delicious as well, and my sister loves adding goat cheese to it to make it creamier and even more delicious.I love coming to Square with my sisters when they come to visit. It's kind of our thing, and everyone loves it, even my picky eater sister. Though I'm not a sweet-in-the-morning person, my sister swears that the pancakes are out of this world. The signature lattes/chais are great, and the barista can adjust any of them to your preference. It's always fun to try new things at Square! Plus, because their ingredients are so fresh, you don't leave feeling sick and stuffed.
<review# 136,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/21/2014,5/30/2014,96,26,3,9,4>Love love love this small place. My boyfriend's parents live down the street and whenever we're over this area to visit, I always asked to make a stop here FIRST :) everything here is so pretty to look at it and most importantly, so so yummy! I can never remember the names of what I got because I always choose what I want on how it looks.. so the name is just a blur to me, especially with sweet pastries (ugh, so bad I know) Parking on butler can be a pain sometimes because of how busy this road can get but I never seem to have a problem with it. So it might just depends on the time you come in. Other than that I'm definitely coming back to try some of their sandwiches because I've heard great things on it too
<review# 137,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/24/2014,5/29/2014,65,125,4,5,3>How did I live so long in a world without a DONUT MENU?  I just don't know.  My group of nine dined on three varieties of donuts including Lemon Lavender, Chocolate Espresso and Zeppolli - the most amazing peppered donut concoction ever made.  Each donut order comes with five donut "holes," but they're big holes, so one or two is enough.  I can't believe I just said that.  That's not even a little true. You'll want an entire order to yourself, but save room, because the best is yet to come.  I chose the omelette of the day as my entrée.  Couldn't tell you what all was in it, but the goat cheese was as creamy as a goat's...cheese.  The salad was a nice addition and the potatoes were delightful if just a touch underdone.  We were seated downstairs which was pretty frigid, but an awesome space nonetheless.  Warm up the joint a bit and it's five stars all the way.  I can't wait to visit E2 again for dinner - they serve donuts, right?
<review# 138,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/5/2014,5/28/2014,27,95,4,7,4>I'll definitely be coming back to Independent Brewing Company. I met some friends here on a Friday night and we all had a great time. They have about 6-8 rotating drafts all sourced by local breweries, a great looking cocktail menu which included house bottled cocktails, and a short but creative menu. I liked all of the beers I tried and I thought they did a good job of providing a mix of styles. I also ordered the fried brussel sprouts tossed with a mustard vinaigrette and blue cheese, it was killer. That dish made me want to come back and try other menu items. A few things to note: This is not the place to come watch a Pens or Steelers game. Actually there are no TV's in this bar, you have to talk to people to be entertained. The horror, I know.There is no juke box, instead there are stacks of records that you can thumb through. When you find the perfect one you hand it to the bartender and he puts it on the record player for you. I ordered a Four Seasons Get Down Brown which prompted the bartender to ask me "Can you find me some James Brown in that stack over there?"Overall, great bar, great concept, great people.
<review# 139,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/13/2014,5/27/2014,31,151,3,4,4>Four of us had dinner at the Sonoma Grill before a show last night.  First a couple of notes:  1) this is an upscale establishment, but casual attire is fine and the place is very comfortable and welcoming.  2)  Ever go to a restaurant and every delivery from the bar or kitchen results in conversations ceasing so that you can juggle contents of the tabletop to accommodate everything?  Not here.  Love that. Now for the taste bud party:  Pear Sangria.  Nice and light and a great intro to the tapas appetizer:  two of each:  scallops (good), shrimp (nothing special), pot stickers / croquettes / pork belly w/tamarind sauce (all fantastic).  We each had a different main course.  I had the Crispy Indonesian Glazed Duck.  It was spectacular and a really large portion - enough to share, served over risotto cakes with mixed grilled veggies.  Hubby had the Mixed Grill and chose the kabob and mango crab cake.  He loved it and could barely finish his meal.  Veal Saltimboca was a lovely presentation, the gnudi was the draw for our gnocchi lover and report was that it was very good.  Study of Hog was the fourth meal.  Notable:  one of the 'studies' was served with pepper spatzle and topped with a quail egg.We had to decline desert - hard to do considering they had a RumChata something-or-other.Our server was Cindy and, although they were very busy, she tended to us as though we were guests in her home - engaging and offering information and tips on the menu and origin of the local foods, contributing greatly to the overall great dining experience which we all agreed would need to be repeated.Oops!  Almost forgot the Amuse-bouche! - Tiny little Sonoma Grill PBJ bites served between the Sangria and Tapas...  PB was cashew and J was four berry.  Single little attention grabbers to get your focus on flavor.  Well, they were very effective, as our bouches were highly amused the entire visit!
<review# 140,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/11/2014,5/26/2014,46,85,4,10,6>Archie's is great for cheap, quality wings. The place has bar seatings on one side and spacious tables for groups on the other side. Staffs are friendly and service efficient. There are TV's at every angle--360 degrees of visual stimulations. When I was there, I saw Archie himself. He is a very friendly and social guy. Okay more about the wings. From Monday-Thursday wings are 35 cents each, all day. However, you must purchase a drink with your wings order, minimum of 10 wings per order. Even with the drink purchase, the meal was still pretty cheap. I was able to try three flavors: spicy Thai sauce, Cajun rub and flaming hot. Spicy Thai was on the sweeter side and not spicy at all. Cajun rub had a spicy kick to it and flaming hot pretty much went up my nose and I was in tears. The wings were juicy and meaty with just the right amount of flavors. My favorite flavor so far is Cajun rub. Overall, I highly recommend Archie's for those with a passion for wings. It was a very satisfying experience, and easy on the wallet.
<review# 141,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/27/2014,11/13/2014,27,183,3,5,5>I made my husband take me on a date to the farm to go apple picking.  It was such a wonderful Fall Saturday!  The weather was perfect and the orchard is great!  The whole farm was very organized, with lots of employees.  We bought bags to collect a bushel of apples.  Turns out that is over 100 apples!  We will be making pie for weeks!  They have a shuttle to take you out to the orchards, or you can walk.  We opted to walk and it is a lovely stroll through all the trees.  They had so many apples that were perfect picking height, even for children.  My husband ate 5 apples while we were picking, so they must have been good!  After we were done picking we headed to the market they had open.  They have lots of great produce for sale!  I bought a huge bundle of beets for 2$.  The butternut and acorn squash were also 2$ each!  What an amazing deal!  Saturday's must have been family day, because they had lots of activities for children.  A petting zoo, hay ride, corn maze and a pumpkin patch.
<review# 142,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/27/2014,11/12/2014,39,326,2,5,4>I was so stoked to finally stop over here for an event this weekend because I knew I would love it. I've been enjoying their whiskeys ever since they opened a few years ago, but I've never been able to stop in to the distillery until now. I have been pleasantly surprised by how involved Wiggle is in the community and how many events it participates in: I've probably been to half a dozen events (some of them Yelp events) where young and peppy Wiggle reps are there promoting their goods.  From a subjective standpoint, I really enjoy the generally younger staff who know how to network and showcase the company's incredible products. And boy are the products good. I wouldn't consider myself a whiskey connoisseur by any means, but I do enjoy a nice clean glass once in a while. And after trying many of their products at the sampling on Friday (ryes, wheats, malts, and gins (!), oh my!), I definitely will be purchasing Wiggle's products for my whiskey (and sometimes gin) needs in the future.
<review# 143,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/28/2014,11/11/2014,40,44,2,7,6>I don't do high scale dining often, so I'm very glad the one time that I did I went with this place. It is AMAZING with a capital A. First of all, the restaurant's interior is beautiful. Even if it didn't have the amazing Mt. Washington view, it'd still be gorgeous. It's extremely modern and interesting to look at. The wine list is very extensive. I can't remember exactly what my table got but it was a dry red from California and it was very good. Before they bring your food out you get a palette cleanser and an assortment of breads to choose from. The bread was so rich it was almost like a dessert, but I loved it. They even have a number of different butters and spreads you can try.For dinner, I had the Duck Duck Goose, and it was spectacular. I love duck and don't get to eat it very often. I have to say this was the best I ever had. The one thing I loved in particular about Altius is you get a good portion of food. Some fine dining establishments have great food, but they don't give you very much of it. Believe me, you will be full after you leave here. We didn't have any room for dessert, but I'm sure it would have been as delicious as everything else!
<review# 144,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/27/2014,11/10/2014,40,48,4,8,7>My bff accompanied me to the Waterfront this past Saturday for some shopping. My friend, fellow yelper Carrie W, has had burgers from Burgatory before, just not this location. We have tried, unsuccessfully, on two other occasions to eat here. However, the wait was simply too long. One Saturday night at 7:30 the wait was an hour and a half....and I simply refuse to wait that long for any meal.We lucked out this weekend, however. It was 3pm, and I was hoping that there wouldn't be much of a wait, if any, since it was neither lunch or dinner time. We did have a wait, but it wasn't more than 10 minutes. The hostess offered to text my friend when our table was ready, which gave us the freedom to shop around instead of just standing around.The food was delicious. We both opted to create our own burger. I chose the All Natural Chicken on a Whole Wheat bun, Angel Dust rub and Horseradish Cheddar cheese....which was yummy!....as well as some veggie toppings and ranch on the side. My friend got the Dry Aged Wagyu burger, also on a Whole Wheat bun. Both of us opted for the salad instead of sweet potato fried chips, for an up-charge of $1.50. Totally worth it. The salads came out with the burgers, and took up the majority of the plate. Not some cheap salad with iceburg lettuce and croutons. Oh, no. Mixed greens with tomatoes, nuts, cheese....and the balsamic dressing was good too.Our waiter was friendly and attentive, as much as you can be when the place is packed. The only downsides I would say came from my friend's side. She ordered her burger medium rare, which is certainly was not (no pink at all, in fact). However, she did say that it was tasty, regardless. Also, IPAs are $8....pricey. Sorry, maybe I'm just a little on the cheap side.Overall, I enjoyed my meal. The only real negative is that this place is simply too small and, really, not the coziest. Anyone who has read my past reviews knows that I am a fan of comfort. There are a lot of tables and most of the booths are those half booths, with one side being a bench seat and the other a regular old chair. I do think that Burgatory will be a success, despite their being so many failed businesses in this spot previously. That being said, add more comfy booths and expand. Other than that, great place for lunch or dinner!
<review# 145,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/25/2014,11/9/2014,66,239,2,5,5>At long last I had a chance to eat at Nicky's - I am REALLY late on this one, aren't I? - which has always been praised by friends as a great place to eat tasty Thai food. And I have to agree!Admittedly walking in to this place is a little funny since it was built in a classic old Pittsburgh home - so, compact in the front but long overall. You have to walk down a long hallway towards what just looks like their kitchen to get to their seating area, which is on the other side of the wall in that long hallway. From there we were seated in their lovely looking if not a little small dining area, had our orders taken quickly, and also got our food fairly quickly. It was definitely a pleasant dining experience.Firstly, can I just say that I'd come back here just for a glass of their jasmine green iced tea? It was infused with something - Milk? Cream? Seriously message me if you know what it was! - and the result was a really unique and absolutely delicious beverage. Don't worry, though, the food's good too. I enjoyed a fantastic order of Pad Thai that can be summed up in one word - yum! Everything was cooked, spiced and mixed perfectly, and after some of my past experiences with Thai food it was a relief to enjoy a meal that was tasty even though I ordered a mild meal. Thankfully Nicky's is not one of the places that confuses spiciness with flavor! Oh, and just to make everything even better, my meal (and my friend's salad) both came with a single crab rangoon on the side. Seriously, more places need to do this! I adore crab rangoon but ordering a whole appetizer can be a bit much sometimes. This was the perfect compromise and it added yet another layer of flavor to my meal.I am now 100% dying to return here, explore the rest of their menu, and eat in their gorgeous outdoor seating area out back. Is it too early to start a to do list for summer of 2015? Well, even if it is, eating at Nicky's is on the list now - and hopefully I can come back before then!
<review# 146,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/31/2014,11/8/2014,43,70,4,7,7>Impressive...so impressive. Another place that makes me gloat about how cool Pittsburgh is. There was a bit of a mix up with reservations, and the room we'd requested wasn't available. Because of this mistake, though, the manager made sure we were seated, and our party was comped appetizers. Good business! Those apps were divine: mushroom flatbread, tuna tartare tacos, fries...we passed them around again and again, our eyes telling the story of our love for them. I had never eaten dinner here before, so I was really excited, and I ordered the pot roast. It's meat and potatoes, people. I'm not leaving here without some mash! While I was waiting on the dinner, I tried the 25th hour cocktail, a blend of gin and citrus that I would love to recreate at home. M&P is well-known for their creativity behind the bar, and tonight did not disappoint. Now for the meal! OMG. Meat was tender and juicy, and it sat on a bed of the most perfect consistency of mashed potatoes one could ask for. The plate was adorned  with a gravy that brought the whole dish together, and I was in glutton heaven. It was a special occasion, and I hit the gym the next day :)Of course, we didn't stop there. To complete the celebration of the evening, the table ordered each of the three desserts to share: panacotta, Heath bar, and chocolate Oreo. Each of these desserts comes in a mason jar and is packed with deliciousness. Everyone had a different fav. Service was outstanding!Five stars, well-deserved.
<review# 147,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/1/2014,11/7/2014,227,758,7,10,13>A great Groupon opportunity and a unique way to see some of the city.Our Groupon (a 2-hour tour for 2) was specifically for an "early bird" 10AM-12PM tour of the South Side, and while the tour time remained the same we ended up being offered the Downtown tour instead since coordinating others to do a South Side tour with my guy and I had proved to be challenging for the company.  (Husband and I are only mutually free on Sundays, and the tour vehicle holds about a dozen people.  To make a decent profit I'd imagine the tour needs to be at least half full.)  Dan, our contact at Pittsburgh Pedal Power Tours, was extremely diligent in calling us to coordinate tour availability.  Dan was there during our tour, as was driver Scott and 5 other tour mates.Meet-up in the front of Point State Park was easy. We were the first to arrive, so it was nice to have a few extra minutes to chat with Dan and Scott, ensure our bike seats were raised/lowered to the proper heights, and of course grab first-choice seats!  We also completed insurance paperwork, though we were asked to fill out only a small portion of the available fields.  Had we known the paperwork was available online we'd have completed it in full and in advance.  Safety first.The vehicle itself is really neat and sturdy, much more substantial than I'd imagined.  Nice to know you're not pedaling down city streets and across bridges in some questionable contraption.  It's battery-powered, but the pedaling helps to reduce battery usage.  Everyone is expected to pedal, and I have to admit that on the relatively cool, overcast summer morning of our tour I perspired a whole lot more than I'd anticipated!  I recommend bringing some kind of beverage--coffee, bottled water, whatever--to put in the built-in cup holder in front of you.  The thought hadn't even occurred to me.Our tour group started out by pedaling to and over the Roberto Clemente Bridge, spending some time near PNC Park and Heinz Field, and then making our way back via the Andy Warhol Bridge and Market Square.  I liked that we stopped and got a chance to exit the vehicle at a couple points of interest.  Along the way a number of attractions (e.g., Carnegie Science Center, Andy Warhol Museum, Allegheny County Courthouse, and various historical buildings and churches) were pointed out, but overall there was more small talk than trivia.  The experience was fun and one I'd probably do again, but I do wish it had been a little more educational.Overall, a fun time and worthwhile excursion.  Also, we loved that Dan offered to take photos...and took some really nice ones!  And last but not least, appreciate the little coupon book we were given just for being customers.
<review# 148,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/23/2014,11/6/2014,24,70,2,5,5>Stopped at this place with a Groupon a few years ago and it was great then and still great now. Small place seating under 20...a little more in the summer with picnic tables outside. Seems to do a great takeout business...I love that, too.  Server recommended the crab rangoon as the "best ever" and fresh rolls with tofu. Neither one disappointed...she was spot on the Rangoon. Very light and crisp with enough filling. The fresh rolls are my favorite around.I've had the pad Thai, pumpkin, green, red and yellow curries. Spice level is accurate. All meals are very fresh and plentiful.Why don't I live within walking distance?
<review# 149,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/15/2014,11/5/2014,64,45,1,6,5>This gym is not your usual big and fancy name brand gym; it's better. Sure, it doesn't have an olympic-sized pool, basketball courts, racquetball and squash courts, a whirlpool, five sauna rooms, huge shower areas and changing rooms, and a smoothie bar. No, Fitness Factory offers only the essentials plus a little extra: weight lifting machines, free weights, treadmills, ellipticals, bicycles, a rock climbing wall, small changing rooms with lockers, protein bars and drinks for sale at the front desk, and nice staff.You won't be waiting in line to use any of the machines even during the busiest times of the day (e.g., lunch, late afternoon). Actually, I've only seen probably 12 people max in the gym. Granted I haven't gone during the weekend yet, so that estimate will probably be a little greater. How the gym manages to minimize wait times is they pack plenty of machines inside. Because of this, however, navigating around all the machines might require a little balance and coordination (extra caution if you are doing a leg day!).Now, the people here are not there to loiter or show off. They are there to actually work out and focus on themselves. No shouting, grunting, groaning, nor moaning here (unless you are doing some way serious lifting...or you pulled a muscle or something). So no need to feel self-conscious. Do whatever you want, as long as you don't hurt yourself, you respect others, you put your weight back, and you clean up after yourself.Pricing is not bad. For new members, the annual membership is $350/year, and they offer a 24/7 All-Access Pass that is an additional $50/year. You can check out their website for more information regarding pricing. They also offer personal training, which you can also check out on your website.
<review# 150,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/14/2014,11/4/2014,182,262,2,7,8>Went here for the Black Keys and Cage the Elephant concert and I will have to say I was impressed. The lines for entry were really short, the attendants were helpful and quite friendly and finding parking was a total breeze (now I don't know if that would be the case of a Penguins game). Their bathrooms had a ton of stalls and were clean, there was a lot of choice in terms of concessions such as cheese steaks, egg rolls, nachos, popcorn, sushi. It was a lot. The staff was incredibly helpful and helping you find your seats. Speaking of seats, me being super short I always have problems with seeing heads in front of me when sitting in a venue. Well this place has such a good slant that I didn't have any problems. The seats were comfortable and there were cup holders! Overall I was impressed with this venues, sure expect to pay an arm and a leg for a beer, but in places like this I think it's to be expected.
<review# 151,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/29/2012,11/20/2012,102,199,1,7,5>Dr. Ruiz and staff are the best!I had a very sick 3-month-old kitten with an upper respiratory infection.  I took him in for a walk-in visit during the evening hours.  While it took nearly 90 minutes to be seen (there was an even more sick dog in front of us), the staff kept us updated and made sure we all comfortable.Furthermore, Dr. Ruiz and her vet tech stayed open late to make sure that we were seen.  They took the time to answer all of my questions without making me feel rushed out the door.  I really appreciated that and I'm sure my little monster did too.A month later, my kitten--who hadn't been eating and was super lethargic and having trouble breathing when I brought him in--is tearing around the house and destroying catnip mice like nobody's business.  Thanks, doc!
<review# 152,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/1/2012,11/19/2012,16,169,2,3,3>I've been here for lunch twice.  I actually tried to go a couple times before that but both times we walked in (a little after noon), this little place was packed and there was nowhere to sit so we ended up walking to Market Square both times to eat.  However, once we figured out that we need to get here well before noon so there are some free tables, I was very impressed with the food.  The first time I went I got the swordfish sandwich and the last time I got the Nigiri Lunch sushi platter.  Both times, the food was very fresh and  had excellent flavors.  My co-workers were likewise impressed with everything they ordered.  There is a pretty extensive seafood menu, especially for how little this place is, and based on my experience, if you're looking for good, inexpensive seafood downtown, this is an excellent option.  I would just suggest that if you're going for lunch on a weekday, get there by 11:45.
<review# 153,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/4/2012,11/18/2012,75,52,2,6,4>I've found, to my disappointment, that Pittsburgh and Mexican food generally don't mix. Let me give you a heads up and say that I did recently move from TX, so make of my comment what you will. However, having moved from TX, I feel like my opinion should count for something, right? ; ) I always order a chicken quesadilla from all the new Mexican restaurants I try. It's my go to dish for determining whether I'll be back. While other Mexican(y) restaurants here have failed to deliver on the quesadilla front, Los Cabos has not. Their chicken quesadilla was nicely flavored and had a crispy tortilla shell....just the way they served it in TX! Granted, it's probably not the best tasting quesadilla I've ever had, but it's definitely the best I've tried in Pittsburgh! I also appreciate that they throw in a free basket of chips and salsa with your order (what's with the whole charging for a basket of chips? I've never seen that until I moved here!). I've tried their queso and while it wasn't bad tasting, it wasn't what I was expecting. It was more of a salsa/cheese mix than a creamy, thick, cheese sauce. I think I'll pass on the queso next time I'm there and try their guac instead. If you go, just keep in mind this place is more of a order at the front, seat yourself, grab your own drink kind of place (think Panera) instead of an actual sit down restaurant with a bar. So while I'm still in search of a great tasting Margarita here in the 'Burgh, I at least know exactly where to go to get my fill of Mexican food.
<review# 154,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/3/2012,11/17/2012,93,143,2,13,2>We have ordered pizza from here a few times--they are one of the FEW places that does North Side deliveries.  We usually get black olive + mushroom + hot pepper pizza, and it's just okay.  Better than Pizza Hut but not life-changing or anything.Their cheesy breadsticks are AWESOME, though.  I could just eat those for dinner.  They are doughy, cheesy, and perfect.  The service has always been speedy and the delivery guys are nice.  If you're ordering online, make double sure you have your order right:  I ordered a small pizza one time on accident and called to make it a medium, and they couldn't change it for me over the phone--told me to go online and change it, which online ordering sites don't let you do.**Updating my review to add a star because we have ended up ordering from them quite often.  The pizza has gotten better, they are consistently faster than their time estimates say they will be, and the delivery guys are always friendly.
<review# 155,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/11/2012,11/16/2012,50,62,5,6,5>OMG. The Science Center. This is one of those places that will appeal the simplest in us, the most basic... while simultaneously engaging and encouraging the most active and complex parts of our minds. If you have the opportunity to go and you do not, my heart breaks for your loss.  So many amazing exhibits... too many to really mention all of them. Some are permanent, others are rotating. There is no reason anyone with a sense of wonder shouldn't go and have his or her sock knocked off (probably figuratively, but who knows... maybe they have a sock-knocking exhibit in the works. I don't know their development plans.) Also... just about everything here ENCOURAGES you to touch it. This isn't some snooty museum. This is a Center for SCIENCE. A Science Center. I loved this place when I was a child. And I thought, much like the wonderful Idlewild park I would one day outgrow it. I took my little sister there a couple years ago (now that I am an adult) and thank god... It is still as awesome and amazing as ever. Also, my little sister? yeah, she was 19 at the time. She loved it too. Go. Do it. Let out your inner child. Your inner geek. That nerdy part of you we all have. Allow yourself to wonder. Ok? You shan't regret it. +++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++Here is a short list of reasons to go to the Carnegie Science Center:1. Greatest miniature train exhibit ever. 2. If you've ever been to a cool museum and been mad that you cannot touch ABSOLUTELY EVERYTHING.3. Omnimax theater4. If you want to go inside a real-life, floating, WWII era "game-used" submarine. Yes. I said "Submarine". A FREAKING SUB!!!5. If you ever watched "The Magic School Bus"6.If you think you can beat a robot at sir hockey (you cannot, I assure you.)7. If you enjoy learning8. If you know the tune to "Bill Nye The Science Guy- Biiiiiiilllllll Nyyyyeeee The Sciiiiiieeeeence guuuuuuuuy....! Bill! Bill! Bill! Bill! Bill! Bill! Bill Nye the Science Guy! Science RUUUUUUUUUULES!" Do it. "9. If you are now, or ever were, a child. 10. Any sentence you've ever uttered has started with "I wonder how..."
<review# 156,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/31/2012,11/15/2012,28,14,1,6,4>Kaleidoscope Cafe is a few streets off Butler in the heart of Lawerenceville's business district. It's housed in a stand-alone row house filled with charm. It's the kind of restaurant that keeps the city vibrant and moving forward as a food destination. The dining room only has 10 or so tables so I'd call ahead just to be safe because this is one meal you won't want to miss.I've heard good things about Kaleidoscope Cafe but I'm not sure why I didn't know about the deep-fried gnocchi. Seriously, people. Order anything you like on the menu because it all looks amazing, but be sure to add an order of Gnocchi Nirvana as well.The homemade potato gnocchi is deep fried which is a feat in-and-of itself because according to Chef Dan if you try and deep fry gnocchi it explodes. So personally, I think Kaleidoscope should win awards for being able to even make this dish.When I think deep fried, I automatically think of a heavy, chewy batter and a greasy taste. This was the exact opposite. It was so light and fluffy, with a light crisp in each bite that they might have replaced Osteria's gnocchi as my favorite in the city. The gnocchi itself was set on top of a bath of kafta (Indian spiced tomato cashew sauce) and topped with bits of chorizo (Soyrizo is also available). The flavors combined together to make a nice blend of mild heat and tang,  a welcomed surprise since when I think gnocchi, I think Italian.Although the Poached Pear is its speciality, I can't resist chocolate. So I went with the Flourless Chocolate Torte for dessert. Chef Dan said something along the lines of "this will be the best dessert you ever had." And maybe something about it being orgasmic, life-changing... basically a slew of very powerful words that I didn't believe. Boy, was I wrong. I didn't get what he meant until about half-way through my first bite. Then it hit me. The tort was rich and moist and sexy.... if cake could be sexy. And the white chocolate ganache with raspberry hearts was the perfect compliment. That tort was so good that I didn't even offer to share it with my dining partner. Sorry... but not really.My only really problem with Kaleidoscope Cafe is the fact that I'll never want to try anything else there after this meal. But that's one problem I'm totally fine with...
<review# 157,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/5/2012,11/14/2012,63,180,2,2,2>Authentic South Indian cuisine at very cheap prices.  What more could you really ask for?  I can taste the masala dosai right now as I'm writing this review.  The only thing this restaurant can improve on would be service.  Frankly, the service during my visit was typical of service in other Indian restaurants: very curt interactions with restaurant workers who are simply there to take your order and put the food on your table.  Just embrace it for what it is.Also, this place literally is a hole in the wall.  Don't come here expecting a fancy place.  Come here expecting great South Indian food that you typically won't find at your run of the mill Indian restaurant in town.  Oh, and come for lunch as opposed to dinner.  The value is tremendous.
<review# 158,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/5/2012,11/13/2012,60,584,,5,4>I will first start off this review by saying if you haven't been here before, you need to visit this place!  My girlfriend and I headed here before the Pirates game this past Tuesday after I found some high ratings for it here on Yelp.  The outside of the restaurant makes it look like the inside of the establishment would be your average neighborhood bar.  That couldn't be further from the truth though as the inside modern chic and they have a really awesome speakeasy downstairs.  There was also upbeat jazz music in the background the whole time we were there and they have live music on the weekends.My girlfriend and I decided to start off our meal with the veggie fries that came with a trio of dipping sauces.  We weren't really sure what to expect from them but whenever they came we saw that we had chosen wisely.  In addition to your normal zucchini fries, there was also portobello and green and red bell pepper fries.  The breading was perfect as it helped to enhance the flavor of the vegetable but was thin enough to let you taste the vegetable as well.  All three dipping sauces (a tomato relish, white cheddar something? and a bacon ranch) were also good with the bacon ranch being my favorite.  For my entree I ordered the Buttermilk Chicken which was a fried buttermilk battered chicken breast with white cheddar grits and collard greens.  The first thing that I noticed whenever my dish came was how large the chicken breast was and that it had a great golden brown color to it.  I was actually impressed with how moist the chicken inside it was but was slightly disappointed in the lack of seasoning in the batter.  This was easily remedied though as I asked for some hot sauce and while waiting for it to come tried some of my grits on top of it.  Both did the trick and I ended up thoroughly enjoying alternating between the two.  The grits by themselves were awesome as they were easily some of the cheesiest grits that I have ever had before.  Finally the collard greens were cooked nicely and had no bitterness to them at all.  When all was said and done it was easily one of the best meals that I have had in the burgh lately.  The server that we had, Jarrett, was also awesome and one of the best that I have had recently.  He was polite and engaging while easily answering all of the questions that we had for him which really helped to enhance our experience here.The bottom line for me is that I will definitely be back here in the future.  I am actually excited to head back here for not only the food, but to have cocktails on a weekend night and listen to some jazz music.  This is definitely a hidden gem on the North Side!
<review# 159,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/31/2012,11/12/2012,45,257,1,3,3>Yes, Deluca's is the iconic breakfast spot in Pittsburgh and one of the few places I will wait in line for breakfast on a weekend.  In the snow.  Why?  Do you really need reasons?  Well, for one, the breakfast burrito that barely fits on the plate.  For another, the Steel City Breakfast of Champions that includes all the breakfast food staples.  Need more?  The Bionic Omelet made of 6 eggs and as many fillings.  I've taken on all of these challenges (not at once) and triumphed 2 of the 3 times.  (The Bionic Omelet's onions got the better of me and I just couldn't finish.)  And I just have to love any place that serves Mancini's Italian toast.This place can get busy, but it runs like a machine.  Sit at the counter by the grill on a Saturday or Sunday morning and just watch in amazement at how quickly and efficiently orders are filled when there's a line out the door.  Sometimes the wait service can be a little slow.  And it is still a cash only establishment.  But it is still my go-to breakfast spot in the Strip.  The prices I sometimes feel can be a little steep, but then I see the portion size and it makes sense.  Deluca's is always, in a word, dependable.
<review# 160,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/30/2012,11/11/2012,11,35,2,6,5>Mallorca has been my family's go-to place for special occasions for YEARS.  It's the only place I know where I can get a broiled lobster stuffed with crab meat alongside a cauldron of sea creatures for under $50 *and* have a very satisfying lunch for the next day.They specialize in cooking enormous portion sizes with expertise.  Once I ordered a prime rib and they brought out this two-inch monstrosity with two rib bones sticking out the side.  It had a beautiful broiled crust, perfectly medium, tender, tasty and was probably mooing that morning.Nearly all of the meals I've had here have been great and those that weren't more most likely because I was experimenting and discovered that I didn't like the dish, not that it was prepared improperly.As for atmosphere, it's dark, tight, and only semi-romantic because it's always crowded and the walkways are narrow.  Personally, I love it because it's always an experience:  the waiters chattering in Portuguese, romancing the patrons or bringing out eye-popping food that's either oversized, on fire or smelling really good.Definitely check it out with a date, bust out a couple Benjamins and enjoy yourself (oh, and write a review - we Yelpers would love to see what you think).
<review# 161,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/20/2011,4/25/2012,53,37,4,5,1>Earlier this week, a friend recommended the Antwerp--a glorious Waffallonia waffle crowned with your choice of ice cream (get the speculoos) and chocolate sauce. I have since been here twice. I have ordered the Antwerp twice. Every bite is divine. Divine. TELL ME HOW YOU DO IT, WAFFLE-MAKING DOOHICKEY, because every Belgian waffle  you've birthed is equally perfect, with a crispy, carmelized sugar exterior and warm, doughy innards. And, while not at all necessary, the speculoos ice cream adds a rare and wonderful Biscoff-flavored goodness.  Seating is terrible. I don't care.
<review# 162,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/8/2012,4/24/2012,39,80,4,4,4>This is the best pho in Pittsburgh.I'm sorry, was that not detailed enough?This is the best pho in Pittsburgh. Hands down. They serve you wooden chopsticks so your noodles don't slide off. The broth is perfectly superior to your other pho options. They don't try too hard to be something they aren't. They only accept cash. The spring rolls are a nice appetizer if you think you can scarf down more than a bowl of pho.Walk in, sit down, and before the waiter leaves the table, ask for a Number 11.ThisIsTheBestPhoInPittsburgh
<review# 163,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/16/2011,4/23/2012,161,195,2,5,4>Nom Nom Nom Nom ... This place is delightful!  As a hardcore Thai fan I frequently shun Chinese food.  Mostly because I feel the bland ameri-chinese is greasy and unsatisfying.  This place however blew me away with their authentic Sichuan food!  Who knew Chinese food was this good!  Damn those restaurants that try to placate the American palate!  The millions of dried red chillies that were scattered through a pan of flaming fish, calling to me with their flavorful, spicy, and tender meat that had layers and layers of flavor.  This place is just around the corner from us, so we'll definitely be keeping it as a go to.  Tip - You'll have to ask for the Sichuan menu, they won't automatically give it to you.  Also the servers will give you plenty of tips on what is good, and what are the most popular dishes that people order.
<review# 164,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/6/2011,4/22/2012,102,199,1,5,1>This is the cutest little yoga studio.  I'm not a big fan of the group yoga classes (in general, I prefer to do yoga alone), so I like that they have a variety of price points to allow you to sign up for the month, 1 class, 5 classes, or 10 classes.  Oh, and hello student discount!  And there's a discount for seniors, too.The best thing they offer is the workshops.  Since I already do yoga regularly on my own, I prefer to go to one intense workshop to learn new poses and techniques.  It's been really helpful as far as the yoga workshops go, which all have a theme, like Yoga for Stress and Anxiety or Hula Hoop Yoga.  I liked the Intro to Pilates workshop...but it is definitely geared at beginners, so I unfortunately didn't learn much.  I hope that they will add harder classes as their clientele is built up.
<review# 165,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/9/2012,4/20/2012,35,133,6,4,4>YOU HAD ME AT LIVER & PEAR MOUSSE, TATE!Hi Folks, I'm back from the zombie land known as parenting and out on the food scene once again and I know (at least one of ) you missed me!Finally got my ass to Legume in it's new location in Oakland and it was so worth the babysitter!!!!I know the menu changes frequently here so I hit the mother-heffing lottery of menu days!!!! To start my eyes jumped right to the liver and pear mousse appetizer because even though I am mostly vegetarian I (and my nutritional needs) crave liver in it's many fabulous forms/cooking preparations. I basically looked like a cracked out food whore practically licking the plate clean! The combo of pear and liver on buttered toast was so rich and flavorful - I could tell our waiter, Tate, could see I was mildly insane! Tate seemed to enjoy my food lust in addition to discussing the menu choices in depth and generally happy to have a conversation about what he thought was good. He rocked as a waiter and you should ask to be seated in his section cause he's super knowledgable and friendly!Anyway - onto my salad - it was a simple green salad perfectly dressed and refreshingly light and palate cleansing post liver mousse but in retrospect unnecessary!For my main course I had the pasta with heirloom pigeon peas (?), Parmesan, and a fried egg on top. It was great! Just right portion size. Breaking the fried egg over the pasta and mixing in the yolk made it perfectly creamy but it was just a tiny bit over salted, if that.And of course Momma has to get dessert - I mean for God's sake it's my night out!!! So, everything sounded wonderful and I was torn between an apple crisp or short bread. Tate was my tie breaker and as soon as he uttered that there was lard in the shortbread my potty mouth bursted out some joke about my ass being allergic to lard LOLz! Tate had a good hard laugh and apple crisp was chosen! He described it as something your Gramma would make on a cold snowy day and he was spot on - it was like a home-y tasty warm dessert you'd have curled up next to a fireplace! Nothing über fancy just simple & delicious!I'm taking my little bro for his birthday for sure thanks to this great time!!! You should go too - it's well worth a jaunt into Oakland!
<review# 166,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/14/2011,4/19/2012,27,95,1,5,3>Thanks to a gross, rainy night I was craving some soup. After living in the North Hills for about 8 months I've driven past stokes probably 100 times. Being in the mood for soup I knew that it was finally time to stop driving by and finally venture in. Stokes Grill is located in a strip mall on Mcknight Road and the interior of the space reflects this. It's large, wide open, and lacking in personality. One thing I did appreciate though was that the interior walls are decorated with art from local artists, all of which is for sale. For what the space lacks in personality it makes up for in great food. I ordered the Buf Chix wrap, a buffalo chicken wrap full of your standard fixins and blue cheese dressing. To accompany my wrap, and  to fulfill my soup craving, I order a bowl of their broccoli cheddar soup. The soup was delivered quickly, piping hot, and in a large portion. I'd say Stoke's broccoli cheddar soup rivals all others out there and certainly defeats Pannera's, my long time favorite. The reason I give Stoke's 4 stars rather than 5 is the price. A wrap, a bowl of soup, and a fountain drink ran me $15. Yes, the bowl of soup was large and the wrap came with chips, but I feel like this was priced about $3-5 too high. I'll definitely be back to try some of their other soups and sandwiches, but its probably only going to be on days where I'm flushed with cash!Also its BYOB
<review# 167,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/14/2012,4/18/2012,138,226,3,6,4>This place has been a long time coming. The complete lack of ice cream parlors in uptown Mt Lebanon always seemed so odd. Lots of restaurants and plenty of foot traffic make it the perfect place for one so it's no surprise that someone finally took advantage. The place is cute with it's robin's egg blue and brown color scheme and chalkboard table tops with cups of chalk for you artistic types. But this isn't just a shop with tubs of the stuff you can get in a grocery store- it's a MICROCREAMERY!!!- they make the stuff here and by here, I mean in the back of the store. Ryan and Betsy, the owners, were happy to chat about the shop and even asked for flavor suggestions. They had about 20 flavors available and expect to rotate some of their more unusual flavors (nutella, coconut chocolate chip, birthday cake, pina colada) in addition to having the more traditional ones. I tried the coffee heath bar and it was outstanding: super creamy coffee ice cream with just the right sized chunks of crunchy toffee. Hubby tried the vanilla ('cause if you can't make vanilla you shouldn't even bother) and said it was delicious. They had run out of chocolate this evening, probably due to the line out the door earlier. We stopped late but there were still people coming in. With the way the weather has been around here lately, I'm sure the line out the door is going to be the norm. Of course, having delicious ice cream doesn't hurt either.
<review# 168,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/6/2012,4/17/2012,73,81,9,6,7>When my niece gets antsy, I play a game where we find a rock, put it in my hand, she waves a stick over it and sings a magic song, and when I open my hand, the rock has become a quarter.  She's slowly catching on, but the first time I did it, it blew her mind.This is how I felt when the guy at the Copper Kettle Brewing Company explained what was happening there.This is the Build a Bear Workshop, but for beer...wait for it...the Build a BEER workshop.  Yeah, that totally just happened.  But the basic premise is you schedule a time for you or your group to meet, and then after some beer lessons, you begin to craft your own batch of beer.  This is not an immediate pay off, though.  After the initial appointment, you have to go back for bottling, but you are given the template to make your own beer labels.  Some of my wife's co-workers had scheduled an appointment as a team building exercise, and I'll just let the brilliance of that sink in for a minute.  While you're there, you can feel free to grab some drinks from the attached bar, Hough's, which includes several of the experimental brews from the Copper Kettle.This is an awesome time for groups of friends, work building exercises, long-range plans for drinking beer that has a picture of your cats face on the label.  An awesome find in a neighborhood that I have never spent more than the time that it takes me to drive through.*note: though the price tag is up there, technically, but it's for about a million cases of beer in the future.  Plus, you can't put a price on the experience according to every Visa commercial I've ever seen.
<review# 169,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/11/2011,4/16/2012,393,254,8,5,5>Sometimes I wake up in the middle of the night screaming, "I NEED TO GO TO PADDY CAKE BAKERY". Okay, that may be a lie, but if you've been here you'd know why I'm saying this.As much as I love the newfangled bakeries such as Vanilla and the now defunked Dozen, to me, there is nothing like a good old fashioned take a number type of bakery. Paddy Cake is located on Liberty Avenue near West Penn Hospital. If you blink you'd miss it which leaves more cookies for me.It's hard to describe the desserts with any other adjective other than delicious. I hate to sound corny and easy to please but the thumbprints are to die for. Everything I've bought there has been better than I anticipated. Donuts- amazing. Cookies- wonderful. Pastries- Delicious. I think you get the point. I feel like I come with a ten dollar bill, leave with money and have a bag full of goodies. The money will soon be spent on milk to wash these puppies down.
<review# 170,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/5/2012,4/15/2012,104,86,1,2,2>Uuhh, like yummy food much??!This place is ridiculously good. I've just tried the baked goods, but they are worth going for. The French macaroons make me want to run a lap around the cafe and high five everyone in there! They're truly amazing!I also tried a red velvet cupcake ... just kill me now. Although I have the world's biggest sweet tooth, it wasn't overly sweet and I have to say I liked it that way! Very cream-cheesy in the frosting department. If you're one of those "savory" people, I don't know what to tell you. On second though, this place will probably turn you into a sweet person!!
<review# 171,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/30/2014,11/3/2014,48,52,4,5,5>I ate the WHOLE calzone and didn't even get a t-shirt?!?  Really?  Not even a discount?!?Seriously, my stomach hurts so bad right now, but I conquered the beast. The whole, delicious beast in all of its entirety. This place is not a diner, not a drive-in...definitely a dive, but, man is it good!  Came with a business party of about twelve and the place accommodated us just fine and without hesitation. Everyone loved their food, so I'll definitely be back...though next time for a MUCH smaller portion...or at least when I have portion-control. Super delicious and a super dive!  Gotta' love places like this!Cheers!
<review# 172,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/6/2014,11/2/2014,93,457,3,5,3>I'm not a huge dessert or ice cream lover, but on that rare occasion where I'm craving something, but I don't know what, I know that I can go here and choose something that will be to my liking.  So many flavors! I am certain anyone could go here and find something to tantalize their taste buds. The girls working were super nice and friendly, prices beyond reasonable, and the flavors that we tried were great (loved me the Strawberry Cheesecake ice cream). I highly recommend this new little neighborhood gem! With so many options and flavors, you won't be disappointed.
<review# 173,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/13/2014,11/1/2014,67,122,5,8,8>After seeing the Groupon available every time I open the app to check for deals, I finally caved and bought it! Not to mention that my fellow Yelper Meghan B. adores this place so I wanted to try it out. I'm so glad I did!We went on a Friday afternoon and I was surprised by how packed it was. We ended up sitting outside just so we didn't have to wait. We didn't mind, though. The outdoor seating is pretty cute! Our server was prompt and friendly and understood that we were going to order a lot due to having a $40 towards food (we only paid $20 for it!).I wanted to try something different, but after an awesome chest day at the gym, I wanted some meat and ordered a burger. It was awesome! Now, the patty did appear to be frozen, however the garlic toasted bun and beautifully positioned toppings totally made up for it. Nothing wrong with frozen patties, but I just expected it to be a little more gourmet. Not complaining. It was still very good considering the place isn't a burger joint. I had a side of fries that were crispy and delicious and cole slaw that wasn't too heavy. We also ordered a Nutella/Strawberry crepe. It was my first time ever trying a crepe and I fell in love! I'm not really one for super sweet meals, so I don't think I would order this as a breakfast entree, but it totally hit the spot after my burger. We also split a Chunky Monkey pancake. Wow! Not too sweet, but just sweet enough. You really didn't even to use much syrup. It had bananas, chocolate chips, whipped cream and topped with coconut. I have officially fallen in love with this place and can't wait to go back and introduce more people to this delicious goodness! It's a shame it's only open till three, but from the looks of it, they make enough during the morning and afternoons to close their cash registers comfortably.
<review# 174,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/24/2014,10/31/2014,48,142,1,5,4>For the past year or so, I have only frequented Tender for the cocktails, because I wasn't super impressed with the food here -- at least not for the prices.  But a few recent visits here during Restaurant Week after they got a new executive chef, Brian Little, has changed my mind about that!  I tried the half-priced Tender burger (which is available on Monday nights even outside of restaurant week) and, on a separate visit, the New Bedford scallops, and both dishes were absolutely delicious.  The burger was perfectly cooked to order, the beef was good quality, and the pub sauce was delicious.  The scallops were also cooked perfectly, but more impressively full of creative flavors that worked very well together (the blackberry was such a delicious touch)!  I am definitely going to be back a lot for the burger Mondays and have put this spot on my map for special occasion meals.As for the cocktails, well, they are simply the best.  The specialty menu is very carefully designed, and every drink I've tried on it so far is exceptionally balanced.  In addition to their delicious special cocktail list, they make absolutely delicious Manhattans and Sazeracs. If you are a whiskey lover like me and want to try something different, ask for a Louisiane. It's my new favorite cocktail there!Excellent service every time I have been here.  The bartenders are very cool, know cocktails VERY well, and are great with giving recommendations based on what you like and what you're in the mood for.
<review# 175,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/19/2014,10/30/2014,71,342,1,4,4>What a fun place!  I have been here for both improv and a live read and loved both experiences.  First, the tickets are extremely affordable.  $10 for most shows.  If there is a second show that evening and you stay, it is only an additional $5.  The doors to the theater are supposed to open around a half hour before show time.  When I was there, the doors opened late so the lobby became quite crowded.  It was also a bit confusing because there was no indication that you had to take your paper ticket and turn it in at the box office to get a smaller ticket that they tear when you go in.  Thankfully, they just took our tickets when we walked up because it would have stunk to have to be at the end of the line because we were not aware of the policy.The Arcade has a BYOB policy.  You can pay $2 and get a wrist band and then enjoy the beer or wine you brought in.  They also sell several snacks at decently affordable prices.The theater itself is small and intimate which is nice because you get a great view regardless of where you are.  A down side is that the bathroom is at the far end of the theater, so if you have to go during a show you will likely have to climb in front of the first row of patrons and in front of whatever is going on on stage.  Overall an enjoyable and affordable evening.  I'm sure I'll be back.
<review# 176,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/25/2014,10/29/2014,31,151,3,8,5>Tried Pizza Cono on a quiet Thursday evening.  The guys working there were really happy and chatty, about their pizza and in general.  Who doesn't love someone happy to be working??Here's the thing - 5 stars for a pizza place?  Yes!  We loved it and here's the surprise:  We expected it to be sloppy and difficult to manage.  It wasn't!  It was tasty and unique!I had the Mafia (MEAT!) and the Mediterranean (OLIVES!) both were really good and not messy at all.  The cone/crust is rather thin and crispy... but pizza crust crispy, not waffle-cone crispy.Friend had white and also a chicken version - both scored high on her taste chart, as well.  Drinks are fountain or an assortment of bottled soft drinks.  Prices? reasonable!Didn't try either dessert Cono...  next time for sure!
<review# 177,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/22/2014,10/28/2014,13,66,7,8,5>Listen: I'm just going to cut to the chase. If heaven had a bakery, I'm pretty confident it would be La Gourmandine.I've been dying to come here for ages now, and I'm kicking myself for not coming sooner. When I walked in, I was greeted immediately and everyone was very friendly. It felt just the way a bakery should feel: quaint, homey, and it smelled wonderful.I was immediately skeptical when I entered the bakery, however, because the girl behind the counter was really skinny and pretty. I typically don't trust bakeries with skinny employees. But not to worry, this place is legit, I promise. Obviously, everything looked amazing so I asked the girl there for some recommendations. She basically recommended everything and then said, "Oh, how could I forget about the cream puff!" I pretty much so wanted to ask if she wanted to be best friends on the spot, but instead replied, "Yeah, I'll take one of those, too."I left the bakery with 5 huge pastries because I obviously couldn't decide on just two. I apologize to my already non-existent waistline. I was trying to get things for my better half and I to enjoy together this weekend, but he's still at work and I can make no promises that there will be any left by the time he makes it home.As I was checking out, my new BFF said, "Oh, you should come back here earlier in the day, we have twice the selection!" I'm literally glad I didn't come earlier in the day, or I probably would have left with 10 pastries. But tomorrow morning? Well, maybe I'll go back tomorrow morning.
<review# 178,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/11/2014,10/27/2014,83,222,1,5,3>A friend implored me to add Asia Subba to yelp. And here is my gleeful compliance. Asia Subba opened up about a month ago, and I was waiting for the right moment to go, namely someone else offering to buy me dinner. The restaurant offers sushi, Indian and Nepalese food. We came specifically for the Nepalese food as I had never tried it before. We tried the pork , lamb, samusas and chicken fried rice. The lamb was amazing, very juicy and flavorful . All the entrees came with curried vegetables and steamed rice. There were also Nepalese pickled veggies that my friend referred to as a "warm condiment". The samusas were less spiced than the Indian version that I amAccustomed to and my son ate his fried rice. The restaurant is clean and air conditioned! Also Mr.Subba, the owner is super friendly. Please note that the restaurant is located up stairs.
<review# 179,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/10/2014,10/26/2014,57,168,,4,2>Finally gluten-free pizza that tastes good!!! If you have allergies, order from here immediately and have a satisfying pizza experience!-Pizza-The crust is crispy and tastes great, and it doesn't turn soggy after a few minutes like every other g/f crust I've had. The sauce is good. I like spinach pizza, and some places don't drain it correctly or just put on a few pieces. But not Mandy's--their spinach pizza was terrific!-Wings-The mild wings were excellent...even g/f, they had a nice crispy coating. But watch the hot wings. Way, way too hot. Painfully hot. No likey. -G/Hoagies-They're next on the list!
<review# 180,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/26/2014,10/25/2014,30,115,1,5,3>My fellow Elite friends are right about Spoon.  Spoon might very well be one of the top restaurants in the city.  I can't believe I haven't been here sooner.First, the low-cost and convenient Valet takes what otherwise might be a pain in the butt and turns into a no-brainer.  Warning: Do not park across the street in the Walgreens lot -- Security monitors for people leaving the area, and then tickets and/or tows them.  Don't be cheap, pay the $3 for the valet.The service from the hostesses to the servers to everyone I interacted with was top notch.  Attentive, quiet, doesn't interrupt, knowledgeable, friendly, and listens well. You can tell they care about the experience.  The other restaurants where I've posted about bad service, PAY ATTENTION.The menu is fantastically simple. 10 Apps and 10 Entrees.  The Dim Sum platter was an excellent mix of small foods, with everything being great except the overly overly salty miso soup. The chicken meatballs were tasty but boring.The presentation on all the food was fantastic and professional.  If only a little bit over done.  I'll upload some pictures.  Really beautiful dishes.The main courses we chose were the dry boat scallops over risotto with asparagus and the bacon wrapped salmon.  Both were delicious.  The scallops had a great sear, cooked perfectly, and were perfectly accompanied for a full meal.  There were only three scallops, instead of the normal (4) or (5) served in other restaurants, but it was fine.Of special note was the bread basket.  The bread was absolutely unique and delicious, especially the cream cheese tiny round muffin.  Fantastic.I also thought the prices were reasonable given the quality of the food and service.The overall vibe was modern and dinner at this restaurant was considerably different from what's going on downtown or other parts of Pittsburgh.Highly Recommended!
<review# 181,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/9/2014,8/4/2014,50,170,3,6,3>This has become one of my favorite brunch spots. I love the venue, and service has been solid for the most part. I typically spend a few minutes debating what to get before deciding on short rib hash, but there are so many good things on the menu I am always tempted to switch it up. The quiche changes every day and is always good and oh my gosh - the flat bread... both the salmon and the brisket are a great way to start the way.I'm not a huge bloody mary fan myself, but that's what M&P is famous for so while you're here, definitely try one. If you are in need of coffee, try the Irish Breakfast. The whipped cream is made fresh and maple-flavored.And last, whatever you do, remember that there is NOTHING wrong with eating dessert after every meal, including breakfast so save room for whatever dessert they are serving. I rarely recommend splitting dessert (since I hate sharing it) but in this case I'd say half a cupcake is plenty.
<review# 182,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/21/2014,8/3/2014,27,162,5,5,4>$5. $5. $5 Bar Marco! Every every every every... $5. $5. $5 Bar Marco!  Every every every...Anyways.We've been wanting to try Bar Marco's food for quite some time after stopping for drinks on multiple occasions...  fast forward, and Polar Vortex $5 happy hours, brunch, and a wine room excursion are all booked (brunch and wine room will be updated soon!).Let me sum it up in short.  Normally, I feel Marco is a bit overpriced.  Is it good...?  yes.  Are the drinks worth $12 and the small bites for $10+...? no.  BUT, add in the Tuesday special, and this is one of the best deals in town.$5 drinks (I recommend the Manhattan), $5 bar bites (if you don't get the burger you're crazy) and $5 other delicious goods (bacon wrapped dates, soup and arancini).  Do yourself a favor and grab a reservation just in case they're busy (it can fluctuate week to week).  Then drink, eat and repeat...  that simple.While it's pricey, judging by our initial food experience, I'm excited to see what brunch holds and more importantly, the wine room!  Updates soon!
<review# 183,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/21/2014,8/2/2014,27,183,2,6,3>Oh yes!  This is authentic Thai!  I was so happy to dine at this restaurant last night!  First of all, the outside garden area is incredible.  My friend and I were in awe of some of the beautiful trees and plants they have all around.  Would love to have this gorgeous space in my own yard!  I definitely recommend making a reservation so you get the prime outside seating!  (There are a few seats inside, but why?!?)I went with a group of 5 and we wanted to try everything....so I think we did??!!  We all got the Tom Yum soup, which was spicy and delicious!  I mean, best I have ever had!  We ordered about 6 different appetizers.  The best one was the fried Tofu.    Sounds weird, but it came with this really yummy sauce!  I highly recommend.For dinner I got the Panang Curry.  IT WAS AWESOME!  I get a level 7 spice, which is just spicy enough!  If you dont like spicy food, that is no problem!  Just tell them and they will lay off the spice!  Did I mention this restaurant is BYOB?!?  My favorite!  There is a minimal cork fee. Also, this restaurant is not open in the winter.  The big draw is the garden, so they are not open for business once the weather gets too cold.
<review# 184,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/8/2014,8/1/2014,17,21,1,8,5>Sienna Mercato's Il Tetto is Open: Let's Shout It From the Rooftop!I am infatuated with delicious eats, but I'm a sucker for ambience.  Find me a place that has both, and I will be your number one customer.  I'm excited to say that the visionaries behind Sienna Mercato are now two for two with the recent opening of Il Tetto.  Now you have the mother of all dilemmas.  Will you get your meatball on at Emporio (located on the first floor) before or after you take the elevator ride to Il Tetto's gorgeous rooftop beer garden? As some of you know I've been anticipating the opening of Il Tetto for some time.  As the cosmos would have it, their second night in operation just happened to be my birthday.  No lie, I was a tad nervous bringing my band of friends to a locale I had never been before, but the idea of a spacious rooftop bar in downtown was just too darn tempting to pass up.  My imagination had nothing on this place.  Upon exiting the elevator, my jaw dropped a bit.  The rain had stayed at bay, allowing the retractable glass ceiling to reveal a portion of the city's skyline and a pleasant nighttime breeze.  Seating options varied from cozy nooks to sizable party tables.  The bar, which lined an entire stretch of wall, was inviting as well.  No matter where you sit, be sure to look up and admire the gas lamps and charming strings of lights.  The décor is pleasing to most anyone I'd wager, from sports fans (there were several TVs playing the Buccos game) to those seeking a romantic rendezvous and anyone in between.  So, Il Tetto is picturesque, you get it.  But looks will only get you so far (as my grandma loved to remind me when I'd get "gussied up.")  I needed to get my hands on a birthday libation.  Lucky for me, the draft list is equally as impressive as Emporio's.  The reason?  Each of the 32 drafts that are downstairs are piped up to Il Tetto's bar.  You can also imbibe on wine and specialty cocktails if you prefer. In regards to food, the menu provides a select list of small plates ranging from munchies like house-made Pork Rinds to heavier dishes like the Duck Confit Steak Fries.  We ordered the latter.  The fries were crisp, yet tender and the duck fat gravy added a velvety richness to the plentiful shreds of duck meat.  The topping of a sunny side-up egg added yet another level of richness and texture.  In other words, it was...To read my full review and check out delicious food pics, please visit: fork2mouth.blogspot.com/
<review# 185,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/7/2014,7/31/2014,73,461,1,5,5>North Park is absolutely incredible! My husband and I have only been here twice - just to kayak - but we're intrigued by how big the park is and can't wait to come back again soon and explore more of it. However, the kayaking alone makes it worth it to come here. Though some of the Kayak Pittsburgh employees (or kids, really) are a bit young and inexperienced and frustrating, once you're on the lake, all of that frustration melts away. Kayaking here has become my husband's and my favorite summer activity and is well worth the 30-40 minute drive for us from east of the city. I can't wait to return many more times this summer.
<review# 186,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/15/2014,7/30/2014,10,28,2,6,4>This was my first time here had a groupon so went w a friend for a birthday dinner. We got a variety of stuff to try some we both never been here we got the ribs, fried chicken, brisket, pork, Mac and cheese, greens, and corn bread.First of all the sweet tea was good just the way I like it :) as for the food the brisket was a little dry and the rub they used was a bit salty for my taste but it was ok. The ribs were juicy and tasty but again the rub was a little to salty again. The greens were decent more vinegary then what I'm used too. As for the Pork it was delicious I absolutely loved it esp with there vinegar based sauce (don't even bother with the so called BBQ sauce on the table was glorified ketchup and neither of us liked it at all). The Mac and cheese was awesome nice warm and gooey cheese can't go wrong. The corn bread was perfect. But outlet overall fav was the fried chicken we absolutely loved it!! I would go back for that alone maybe the Sunday brunch from 10 to 3 they have chicken and waffles :)
<review# 187,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/15/2014,7/29/2014,17,59,2,3,4>Two words: sugary and crispy. I do not know what and how they make their Belgian waffle batter and I do not care. Their Belgian waffles are the best I've ate (other than ones in NYC and that's not fair). You have the options of getting it plain, with spreads and or ice cream. I highly recommend getting a spread and ice cream. My favorite combination is speculoos spread ( a type of spread made of shortbread cookies) and a scoop of vanilla ice cream (where you can actual flecks of vanilla bean). The combination of the hot Belgian waffle and thick speculoos spread is cut with the vanilla ice cream and is the best way to end your day.
<review# 188,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/17/2014,7/28/2014,580,275,8,9,10>Review #200I got hooked on this bakery while living in Brighton Heights.  Now, when I drive past, I HAVE to stop.  I think this one is so much better than the sister store in West View.  I don't know why; I just like it better.The sweetest ladies run this local bakery, and they always serve with a smile.  It's usually pretty fast too!  And they're CHEAP.  Doughnuts and giant muffins for $.65.  Cookies of all shapes and sizes are delicious and cheap as well.  It makes me so happy.  Some favorites:All of the doughnuts:  Raised or cake, cream or jelly, chocolate or vanilla, they're ALL SO GOOD.  I wish I could stop and say no.  But I just can't.  The selection here doesn't go too fast.  I can usually still get one around lunch time, but if you want options, go early.Lemon Poppyseed Muffin:  They run out quick, but they're so yummy!  It usually triumphs over the doughnuts.Thumbprint cookies:  Maybe I just love the cookie, but I really like them here too!Is the cliental a little special sometimes?  You bet.  Are the hours old fashioned early to open and early to close?  Yup.  But I just view it as absence makes the heart grow fonder.... :)
<review# 189,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/29/2014,7/27/2014,96,116,2,7,3>If I could give 6 stars I would. Now with that said I really have no other choice but to tell you that yes I don't like vinegar based BBQ sauce and yes that's what they serve. So why in the world would the rating be so high? Well because I was given no other choice. After circling the area for an extra 5 min thanks to GPS we arrived at the pearly gates of BBQ heaven. Walking in Vince introduced himself to one of the very nice guys who seamed to be the manager. He came over introduced himself and even gave my boy some dabs. Once I found the menu on the right wall and had the girl at the register explain it a bit we went with 1/2 pound each of pulled pork, brisket and a ribs. The sides we chose were baked beans and corn bread. Once we had paid the girl at the counter remembered my sons name and said bye Vincent. I was very impressed. There is a single little bench outside that was open so we took a seat. Once we started to open stuff up we realized the girl that was next to us in line got our order and we get hers. It was an honest mistake. We ended up with a pound each of pulled pork and pulled chicken. She took the bag closest to her. So Bry went in told them what happened and reappeared 5 min later with a bit of everything they had. The pulled pork was my favorite. It was so tender and the flavor was perfect. The chicken tasted like it had been marinated in vinegar so it wasn't quite my thing. However it was cooked to perfection. The ribs were fall off the bone good even though they left the membrane on. One of the guys even told Bry there butcher takes the membrane off. So maybe they need to talk to the butcher. I have to agree the Mac and cheese isn't anything to rave about. It wasn't very creamy but My son likes it. The cornbread is amazing!!! The sauce is a vinegar sauce but it's not overpowering like so many places I have tried. I actually really liked the spicy sauce. The vinegar cut the spice nicely. The service hear is amazing and they go out of there way to make sure you are happy and understand that it's not just about the food it's about the entire experience. I will have no issue coming back here for a yummy pulled pork sandwich with some spicy vinegar based BBQ sauce.
<review# 190,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/14/2014,7/26/2014,10,86,1,7,2>This place is tucked in a little side street beside Market Square.   After seeing a sign on the sidewalk advertising a reasonably priced ($10) sushi lunch special, I decided to give it a try.The inside is small, but tastefully decorated with a few tables and a wall bar area.  I was immediately fond of the place simply because the woman taking orders and manning the register was SOOO NICE.  Seriously, she is ultra-friendly and was running around trying to help customers, get them more ginger, etc.  In a lunch area dominated by busy businessmen and women trying to get in and out as quickly as possible, with restaurant workers typically disinterested in providing good customer service, this was a refreshing change!The lunch special came with two sushi rolls and a side salad.  It was a perfect lunch portion and honestly included more sushi than I had expected for the price.  The sushi was good.  Not mind-blowing, not terrible, but better than expected at the price and given the cost of doing business in that location.  In short - it's a solid lunch spot!  I'd happily go back and I really hope that they succeed.  If they keep providing such great customer service I have no doubt they will do well.
<review# 191,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/14/2013,8/9/2013,28,146,3,3,2>How boring, another 5 star review for the Square Cafe!This place is incredible. It's always packed and once you've tasted this amazing food you'll get it. This isn't greasy diner breakfast food. It's art. Vegetarian? Vegan? Gluten-free? No problem, so is most of their menu. Daily specials often tempt you away from your original choices. Stand outs for me are the asparagus and goat cheese scramble (my stomach growled as I typed this), the square breakfast which I can get with soy chorizo(!), the breakfast burrito with homemade salsa, and don't even get me started on those pancakes. What a truly special restaurant. Only negative for me is location, I'd prefer not to get on the Parkway if I'm jonseing for breakfast. Wait in line. It's worth it!
<review# 192,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/30/2013,8/8/2013,65,131,2,3,3>I was here a few weeks ago for a networking dinner and had a great time. The host had tables for us reserved upstairs in the bar area. Though we didn't eat in the dinning room downstairs I noticed that guests eat family style on long picnic tables and benches which is an interesting and different style than one normally sees.I was extremely impressed with the bar area. The entire space is surrounded by floor to ceiling windows where you can look out at the up and coming East Liberty neighborhood.  The actual bar is quite small, but there are plenty of tables for diners and drinkers to relax and sit.First off, Union Pig and Chicken has a great whiskey and specialty drink list. Note that most are in the $10 range, but almost all the choices are of the rare and small batch variety.  The craft beer list is also exceptional.For the amount of food I thought it was a great deal for the price. My date and I ordered the two meet combo (brisket and pork shoulder) then added on Macaroni and Cheese, baked beans, and cole slaw as sides (all in the $4-6 range) The meat portions were hefty and the side dishes were also large.  When the meat comes out you have your choice of sauces on the table to add. There was a nice variety; spicy, mild, vinegar based, along with some others. I mixed the spicy with the vinegar and it was awesome. Even without the sauces the meat itself was tender and flavorful.If you plan on having drinks the night can get somewhat expensive, but the food alone is quite a deal for the portion sizes.
<review# 193,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/26/2013,8/7/2013,113,141,,6,2>This place will hopefully be the turnaround moment for PGH Mexican food, which in general has been one of my greatest disappointments with food in this city. Everyone loves Mexican food, but IMHO the city doesn't have a truly great option. Instead of focusing on my negative opinions about Mexican food in the burgh, I'll focus on the positive at Reyna's.First, some history; I actually took a small tour of this place about 4 years ago when it was barebones (but still looked functional) and have been wondering why the long wait.Well, upon entering, you'll see why. The atmosphere is extremely solid and beautiful. Very intimate as well. But, we're here for the food right? Reyna's is one of the handful of Mexican groceries in the city, and they have a reputation for making salsa and their chips are everywhere! I think Mad Mex still buys their tortilla chips..though that may have changed. Regardless, they had a lot at stake here and the time to prepare.The payoff is great...and give it some time.. I think this place will be *the* staple food to take your out of town friends.I don't even want to go into details about the food here; I had the Chiles Rellenos, multiple salsas, and my friend had the Tilapia. Though there were a few so-so's, we were quite floored by the majority of tastes. The owner, Nic, is adamant about keeping recipes as close to authentic as possible and you can sense the extra mile in every bite.Great job guys.
<review# 194,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/14/2013,8/6/2013,93,143,2,4,4>Kaya is on my "Top 5" list in Pittsburgh for sure.  Anything I have ever had here has been wonderful.  My absolute favorite thing here is the fried tofu plate that they have on fried chicken nights now--it's hard to make something like tofu taste this amazing!  (And probably totally unhealthy as well).  I also like the kaya veggie burger, the black bean dip, any fish I've ever eaten here, and don't even get me started on the cocktail menu...it's SO hard to decide!  Even if you don't think you like Caribbean food or spicy things, give it a shot.  There's something for everyone and I will come back until I've tried everything, and probably more times after that!  It's wonderful!!
<review# 195,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/11/2013,8/5/2013,2678,1419,21,26,25>I had the pleasure of spending my Sunday evening with Tennessean noisecore terrorists Today Is the Day and even shook the hand of and spoke with their fanatical leader Steve Austin (not the pro wrestler). Thus, I can testify that Mr. Smalls is continuing to expand and improve. Tables and lounge chairs were in the 21+ area for those who wanted to relax, for example, and the will call area is now enclosed to shield awaiting concertgoers from the elements. I was also told that the restaurant will now be installed upstairs instead of in the basement.  I must say a word about Grill Master Gregg: An alchemist of sauces (he makes his own, and they are many) and a mage of cookery, GG creates tempting, portable menu items within a confined space and with few kitchen luxuries to work with. In a skillet on a hot plate, GG conjured for me the King Cobra Burger. Tastefully garnished with fresh orange slices, the amply meaty and moist burger contained bacon, jerk seasoning, lettuce, tomato, and GG's own King Cobra Venom Curry which attempted to kill me...w-w-w-warmly with its creeping, slow-burn essence. 'Tis the softest way to die. Desserts are called "Oddities" on the lengthy menu, but GG was out of candy for the evening, so I settled for one of their massive, toasted pretzels and enjoyed it with mustard as I have on many other occasions. Mr. Smalls continues to be a top-flight venue that admirably flies the flag for heavy metal and all other forms of underground, unorthodox genres of music. Long may it reign. Deliver thyselves to The Electric Church on the hill and worship...youtube.com/watch?v=A9RNP.S. I recently discovered that Mr. Smalls co-owner and Rusted Root drummer Liz Berlin went to my high school, graduating months before I started.P.P.S. Grill Master Gregg is as gracious and personable as he is talented and inventive. Get to know him.
<review# 196,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/24/2013,8/4/2013,50,62,,4,3>This place is the awesome. Pittsburgh finally has a theater dedicated to comedy of all kinds, and it is in the heart of the Cultural District with all the big theaters. Started by 5 friends who are all improvisers and lovers of comedy, the Arcade is the perfect space to catch an uproariously comedic show. The place only seats about 75 at capacity and is essentially a blackbox theater... though the brick wall and bold paint give it a little more character than others. The stage is small, but is perfect for short form improv, standup, musical comedy... anything funny really.  Shows happen at 8 and 10 on Fridays and Saturdays, and there are occasional shows other nights, but mostly friday and saturday right now. The thing that really makes this place a delight is how incredibly friendly and easy going the founders are. Also it's BYOB, with a nominal corking fee. Go to Sammy's or Sharp Edge and grab a sixpack, or the cabaret and get a bottle of wine and come drink and laugh and enjoy your evening.
<review# 197,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/6/2013,8/3/2013,15,18,,5,3>Went here tonight with the hubs to try something different. Unfortunately, the air conditioner was broken, but we ended up sitting outside in the beautiful evening weather.For starters, we tried the creme brulee bone marrow and the mussels. The bone marrow was heavy, succulent, wonderfulness. I highly recommend it! The mussels were in a spicy, tomato sauce and plumper than most restaurants serve. Main courses included the pork belly bahn mi- an un-made sandwich with duck liver mouse, and roast chicken breast with chick peas. Normally, we don't order chicken at restaurants because you usually get a dried out slab that I could cook better. Here, the spices were lovely and the chicken moist and cooked to perfection. The pork belly was spiced to perfection.Desserts were fabulous too. I had a flour-less chocolate cake while the hubs tried curry ice cream with tapioca and pineapple. The cake was creamy and delicious, but the tapioca was fresh, spicy, and so different! Our server was intuitive, friendly, and attentive and we couldn't have asked for a better dining experience.
<review# 198,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/12/2013,8/2/2013,65,134,2,5,2>I'll start with saying I'm in love with the interior of this place.  The blue tile on the wood oven is gorgeous, as well as the white stone bar and table tops.  I was just looking around at every detail in awe.  I knew I was in for a treat!We waited until 1pm to go to lunch because I've seen the noon crowd.  This proved to be a good move - we were seated right away.  I got a pizza that included cherry tomato sauce, anchovy, garlic, capers, olives and basil.  As soon as I took a bite, I realized how they could charge $15 for a personal sized pizza.  You can tell that each ingredient is top-of-the-line.  They don't mess around when it comes to quality.  I want to come back and try every variety!  I also want to try some of their homemade pasta.  If this pizza is some reflection on the rest of the menu, I can't wait to come back!
<review# 199,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/14/2013,8/1/2013,55,74,,4,3>My first experience with Cedars was at coffee hour at my church. One of our parishioners brought a huge amount of hummus and baba ghanush, and it was some of the best dips I've ever had. Upon further inquiry, I knew I had to check this place out.Don't be afraid of this conspicious restaurtant located in the back of McDowell Shops. It's hidden, the tables and decorations are pretty plain, and what's up with that tiny salad bar?? Even the menu's design is pretty ho-hum. However, the food makes up for all that lackluster ambiance.The Mediterranean menu is filled with great apps like the hummus and baba ghanush, as well as kibbi, meat pies, and more, and continues on with a great kabob menu. Everything is fresh and prepared when ordered.When my wife and I go, we've discovered that the best deal on the menu is the kebab plate for one (not two!). It comes with a choice of any two appetizers, stuffed grape leaves, stuffed cabbage, meat pie, and a kabob of your choice with rice. It's a freaking ton of food for $15. We split it with another appetizer and it ends up being too much food or the both of us. Lunch is really cheap, but the rest of the menu is reasonably priced (don't tell the owners how cheap it is!). On Saturday's, they have lamb kibbi, which is raw ground lamb- and it's awesome!This place really is a hidden gem. I think it's the best Mediterranean food I've had in the area. If you can find it :)
<review# 200,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/2/2013,7/31/2013,69,61,,3,2>This is my go to place when I have a hankering for some yummy pizza.  The sauce is delicious, fluffy crusts, cheese a plenty...ugh! I'm getting hungry.I have had the delight to feast on many of their menu items.  You can never go wrong on the pizza. It's super yummy.  Now please keep in mind that it's not like brick oven, but for delivery pizza this is it.  Wings are good too! I always get the fresh wings with the sauce. BBQ and Buffalo are pretty much my faves!Service has always been fast and friendly. The young man who answers the phone is super nice, and very efficient with his service. I have not had an order messed up yet. (knock on wood. :)  )We got a salad once and it was pretty good. Nothing to write home about, but acceptable and yummy.I would definitely recommend giving this great place a try!!
<review# 201,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/27/2012,10/10/2012,100,138,3,4,3>Color me impressed! They have a beautiful space at the Pointe in North Fayette/Robinson. Hip decor, as usual. For a first day, the restaurant was busy, but we were seated right away. Our server was amazing--friendly, knew the menu, had recommendations, fixed our one small problem promptly and with an apology, and checked up on us just often enough. We started with the bourbon bbq wings. They were tasty, although needed a bit of salt or spice or something. But I'm not complaining. Then I got my burger, a build your own which was definitely up to Burgatory standards. I was worried about consistency over several locations but this was spot on. The happy hour specials are great -- half off drafts, half off apps, and discounted specialty cocktails. Great job on the new location...we'll definitely be back!
<review# 202,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/5/2012,10/9/2012,95,245,8,5,5>Damn you, Mercurios, for opening within walking distance of both my gym, and my apartment.   Go to hell, for having convenient hours into the evening and being so accomodating as to let me taste all the gelatos before I buy.  THEN you had to go and open your pizza oven and serve delicious pizza at great prices with nice outdoor seating.  TOTALLY NOT NECESSARY.My thighs will never be the same.After tasting the Amaretto gelatto, I discovered that my life had been missing something all along and that amaretto gelato wsa its missing piece.Sounds like I've got a food addiction.  Don't judge me.  Try the gelato and pizza and then you tell me how you're doing SO MUCH BETTER than I am.;)
<review# 203,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/20/2012,10/8/2012,28,94,10,6,5>Last year, I stuffed myself at BRGR.  ("You gotta try Winghart's!" I was told.)Last spring, I then scarfed down at Burgatory.  ("But you gotta try Winghart's!" I was told again.)Last month, I chomped some chow at Tessaro's. ("Hey, dumb-dumb, what about Winghart's?")Hmm...where should I go now to try the best burger in Pittsburgh?  Uhm... I think I've heard this place called Winghart's might be worth a shot.  And no, there are no wings!Our group had the Shipwrecked (Brie cheese, caramelized onions, bacon, arugula, white truffle aioli), the Mattola (applewood smoked bacon and American cheese), and the Market Sq (Bacon, mushrooms, and gruyere cheese) burgers.  It was a food frenzy. There was a lot of smacking, snorting, snuffing, and slurping.  Don't judge me, unless you've had these burgers.  Or the crunchy fries.For those that have toddlers, it's definitely not kid-friendly.  There are some high chairs, but most of the tables are bar tables and stools, that are even taller than the high chairs!  But my kid is a trooper, and she enjoyed picking the leftovers off my leg. #goodparentingSo...BRGR, Tessaro's, Burgatory, Winghart's... who has the best burger?  That Shipwrecked burger was just this smooth, greasy, cheesy, burger explosion in the mouth.  That's tough to beat.
<review# 204,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/20/2012,10/7/2012,181,458,,3,2>Please refer to my previous review of this place, absolutely one of my favorite places in town. I rarely review a place twice but I cannot emphasize what a great place this is from the moment you walk in the door Service is great right along with the food. The aromas of the food cranked out in this place are amazing. I wish I could bottle some of that up and bring it home with me. I have no idea why there isn't a line out the door to come eat at this joint! Well apparently on the weekends they can be pretty busy so definitely come here for dinner during the week. Parking is so convenient as well since the parking garage is about 3 feet from the front door of this place. The prices are also very reasonable for the amount of delicious food you are getting.
<review# 205,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/12/2012,10/4/2012,73,81,10,5,4>Every person who drinks has a tequila tale that is as unfortunate as a Faulkner novel.  Whether you unwisely entered into a shot contest, or tried to power down a third Big Azz margarita at Mad Mex, they all have a pretty familiar ending.  Pittsburgh has been a beer-centric town for as long as I can remember, and a plastic bottle of tequila sitting on a table at a party was a terrible omen.Enter Verde.Verde is a high end Mezcal and Tequila bar, which seems like a hard sell in a town where 65% of the drinking population thinks that a team jersey counts for formal wear, and jean shorts are never completely out of the question.  I had really only planned to have beer when we first came here.But those beautiful bottles on the wall.  Oh so many shapes and colors.  They beckoned like shiny little Sirens of excess.  Asking the bartender about her preferred drink triggered an enlightening and fun conversation that was more informative than any conversation I've had at a bar.  My friend had lived in Arizona for several years before returning to Pittsburgh, and he, along with the bar manager persuaded me to try a specially selected Mezcal flight.  And what happened next was unlike anything I have ever experienced on a night where Tequila was involved.  Mainly, my pants remained on, but also, I found that tequila doesn't have to be a wincing, gag inducing test of manhood.  The flight consists of a little board with 4 samples of various tequilas, with a little tomato juice to cleanse the palate.  They apparently have a variety of nights where you can learn about the various tequila and mezcal options, and try them at discounted rates.  Ok, wrapping it up.  This place is very nice and all, but the bartenders are the anchor that will keep this place going.  It's a beautiful space that has been increasingly crowded every time I've been.  I'm excited to see how it evolves over the next year.  Will it blossom into it's own Agave plant, or will it become another Senor Frogs?  I'll let you know.
<review# 206,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/11/2012,10/3/2012,64,148,2,2,2>Oh, El Camp. I know that this place really isn't that authentic when it comes to its food, but I love it. One of my favorite restaurants in Pittsburgh.The service here for awhile was really slow if sitting at the tables in the bar area, depending on who your server is. Sitting at the actual bar, things always seemed to move much faster. They have a decent beer selection, better liquor selection, and reasonable prices. Actually, their prices in general are quite low. Our last visit saw us order 3 plates of food, chips & salsa, one beer, and two sangrias for under $30 (sangrias were a tad pricey at $7.50 apiece).We always seem to be in here when there's a game going on and they definitely have a good setup in the bar area for watching. The decor in this place also cracks me. Sort of feed the stereotypes, if you know what I mean, but it's all tongue-in-cheek, good humor.The one thing I always get is a side order chicken enchilada. Always. Doesn't matter what else I'm ordering. I love that thing, yummy. The tostadas are ok, burritos and tamales are pretty good, tacos are bad (stay away from those). If you're in the North Hills area and looking for something quick, cheap, but still pretty good to eat, I recommend this over something like Applebee's.
<review# 207,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/30/2012,10/2/2012,330,1031,1,5,4>After enjoying Christmas dinner here twice within the last 3 years, we decided to try The Terrace Room for Easter.  We arrived promptly for our reservation and was surprised to find the dining room near full.  We were seated at our requested banquet seat and given menus.  The menu offered special beverages, I got a sage advice which was Prairie Vodka mix, pineapple juice muddle with fresh sage and lemon juice.  So yummy.  For our entrees, I selected maple glazed ham with apple and cherry chutney and fingerling potatoes.  BJ got the open face croissant with lobster, shrimp, fried green tomatoes, asparagus, and roasted tomato aioli.Included with our meals was the appetizer station, which included fresh berries, yogurt, granola, salmon, charcuterie, Asian shrimp & glass noodle salad, farro, nicoise and Mediterranean salads.  Everything was perfectly prepared and very delicious.  Saving the best for last was the dessert station.  I loved the fresh made crepes, we were able to select our choice of fillings and sauces.  There was also a selection of mini desserts that included cupcakes and cookies.  The best part was BJ got a kiss from the Easter Bunny!  It's becoming a tradition for us to enjoy our holiday meal at The Terrace Room.
<review# 208,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/24/2012,10/1/2012,90,67,2,3,3>Love this place!This place is super cute & service was stellar. Seems like a really neat place just to hang out for a while and catch up with friends!What we sampled:Maple glazed bacon: Duh, it obviously was amazing.Cheese Grits: Yep, deliciousBloody Mary: this was just OKFrench 75: Really good one!We just came in and snacked, but are planning on coming in sometime for breakfast because the things we did sample were pretty delish! Also, they get a lot of stuff for their breakfast menu (and I'm assuming the rest of their menu) from the fruit stands at the market down the street! So fresh and yummy!Pros: Atmosphere-loved the quirky decorations and laid back feel, food, drinks, service, purse hooks under the bar :)Cons: Bloody Mary, creepy art upstairs...sorry but that was Creepsville USA up there. I'm all for the art gallery upstairs, just not a bunch of death/execution scenes right before I eat my breakfast. yikes.
<review# 209,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/7/2012,9/30/2012,57,168,2,2,2>Murray Avenue Grill is great for lunch, dinner, and brunch. They also have an outdoor seating area during the nice weather.I'm a huge fan of the "Salads Your Way". They have a list of 7 salad bases, including Caesar, Southwest, Pittsburgh, and then you get to pick your protein. My favorite is called West Coast. It has chopped romaine lettuce dried cranberries, feta, pistachios and tomatoes. I order it with chicken, which you can have grilled or blackened. I actually have them put some of their BBQ sauce on it because it's great. They give you a huge breast of chicken. By the time you get down to the bottom of the salad, you've still got like an entire handful of pistachios, a cup of cranberries, and another an ounce of feta. Let's just say the portions are very generous.My husband loves the steak and the burgers. The fries are delicious. Before giving up the gluten (tear), I used to love the jumbo florentine raviolis. They're like the size of the palm of your hand. So good. Basically, we've never had a bad meal there.Also, they have kids meals! The kids meals come with a "treat". Spoiler: it's a Rice Krispie Treat.The staff is friendly, the service is fast, and the kitchen is happy to customize your order.Full bar. We usually order the reasonably-priced wines and beers, but it's nice to have the option. They even have TWO Happy Hours: 5pm-6pm AND 10pm-11pm! I love that the first one is at a normal time. Yes, I understand that a Happy Hour that starts at 2pm or 4pm is good for YOU, but it's worthless to ME.Finally, the check comes with Tootsie Rolls. Now that's just good business!
<review# 210,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/6/2012,9/29/2012,757,406,2,5,3>This is a meat lovers paradise, everything is fresh, so heavenly fresh and God so affordable. On my latest visit I purchased pork chops, hot Italian sausage and a 5 pound bag of chicken wings for less than $35.  Rewind to last year, I started to notice that Giant Eagle chicken wings have become giant grotesque flavorless monster meat. Because of this I started shopping at Strip District Meats.  The wings are appropriately sized and delicious. In fact everything I've purchased here is delicious. The hot sausage has got to be the best I've ever eaten. They're good every way to, grilled, baked, fried, boiled etc... I couldn't be more pleased with the selection and quality of meats. They have just about everything under the sun including chorizo!!!  Be warned though, this butcher shops is tiny and gets packed. The staff moves fast but it can get cramped in there. It's a boisterous crowd that shops in there. This is my go to meat shop.
<review# 211,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/16/2011,5/5/2012,27,70,,7,4>I was at PNC Park today and it was amazing.  The park is absolutely beautiful, providing a great view of the city from almost every angle.  There is a variety of food from gyros, pizza, wings, and Mannie's.  Lines are usually not that long and service is great.The Pirates played an excellent game and the crowd was into it.  It was a Tuesday Doggie night which brings out alot of dog lovers and their dogs.  They also have other promotions such as free t-shirt Friday and kids day on Sunday.  They also offer all you can eat seats.  I have never tried them myself but did hear from others that they are worth it if you are a big eater.You can bring in unopened bottles of water and snacks.  This can minimize your cost of food and drinks if you don't want to shell out for overpriced water. If you are looking for a great time in a beautiful ball park PNC Park is the place to be.Let's Go BUCS!!!
<review# 212,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/20/2012,5/4/2012,106,194,8,9,2>THERE'S A VERY GOOD REASON OTHER REVIEWS FOR THIS PLACE START IN ALL CAPS!It's because this place is de-freaking-licious!If you read my other reviews on Thai places, you'll see I always get the Pad Thai as my point of comparison.  This place served me the best Pad Thai I've ever had!  My wife was pissed at me because I was too busy stuffing my face to talk to her.  The dish struck the perfect balance of deliciousness with the sweet Pad Thai sauce, scrumptious chicken, peanuts, and green onions.  The sauce was incredible.  Pad Thai I've had elsewhere is usually too bland or overpoweringly sweet and fake.  Instead, Smiling Banana Leaf has cemented itself in my mind as the gold standard for Pad Thai.In the midst of stuffing my face with noodles, I managed to set aside some time to breathe and take in the atmosphere.  I'm glad I called ahead for a reservation because there were only a dozen or so tables in the restaurant--and it was packed.  The lighting was low and the setting was intimate.  I would definitely recommend this place for a date night--if you can control how fast you eat...  Remember to get a bottle of wine beforehand (unlike me).  It's BYOB.
<review# 213,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/18/2012,5/3/2012,28,94,8,5,6>Don't be dissuaded by the negative reviews.  It's inevitable that some people just can't accept how great this restaurant is.  I get it.There is a great layout and atmosphere.  Downstairs is the bar and open tables for walk-ins, and the giant chalkboard menu on the wall.  Your mother won't need to get our her reading glasses to see what's for dinner for this one, folks.  If you want something a bit more intimate, there is seating upstairs, but that requires reservations.The service was friendly and helpful, and they made excellent recommendations.  Don't you hate the waitstaff that say, "Oh, the ribs are good, the sea bass is good if you like fish, and people like the gnocchi or the scallops."  Thanks, man, you just named your entire menu!  Nope, not here.The menu changes up a bit, but I am still raving about (and craving for) this salmon sashimi dish.  It was a play on lox and cream cheese on an everything bagel - the flavors were powerful - and it was in the genre of  Wylie Dufresne's wd-50.Listen, I don't get to go out much these days.  If I did, I would have way more than 1 check-in at this place.  Are you going to listen to the negative reviews and NOT eat here?  I think that would be foolish.  Let's make a deal: Eat at Salt of the Earth.  If you're not 100% satisfied with your experience, then send me a check for $100 -and I'll go back here to confirm that you're crazy.
<review# 214,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/11/2012,5/2/2012,540,698,2,4,4>If there were ever a bar in Pittsburgh that would somewhat remind you of Cheers, The Coop would be it (Sorry October, but I agree, I was thinking that before I read your review).  It's one of those places that you want to go into even though it is a "dive bar."  I'm by no means a regular there, but I feel as if the bartender knows me well enough to be able to grab my preference in beer without me saying a thing.Yes, it can get rowdy and loud, but that's part of the charm there.  Many a nights have been spent there saying, "huh, what?" to a friend because you can't understand them.  The bartenders are inviting and love the chat when they got a sec.  The patrons that do regular the place are always nice and up for a chat with you.  The TVs usually have sports on, expected of a bar in the Burgh.  The jukebox has an awesome selection of songs that span the decades.  I've caught myself singing along to some 70s stuff and then the next beat I'm having a good time with more recent music.  Pool table is a bit cramped, but that doesn't stop people from playing.  The touch and plays definitely fill up the night if you're not paying attention.The food is amazing.  I've had their fries and the portion is ginormous.  They're big and potatoey.  Might be the Irish coming out in me, but I fell in love with those fries, the right amount of grease for sure.  They are in no rush to kick you out at the end of the night, they let you finish your beer instead of gulping it down.  Even though they are just following you to the door to unlock it for you to get out, you feel like you are getting a personal escort.  It might just be the fact that as they are letting out the door they are saying to you, 'Thanks for coming and have a good night.'Side note: Cash only.
<review# 215,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/3/2012,5/1/2012,100,116,,4,3>We just returned here for our second visit on New Year's Eve (our first visit was a NYE a few years back), and I'm just as in love with the place as I was before.  Sure, it's a splurge (which is why we only end up here on New Year's Eve), but it's a worthy splurge.This NYE, they had a prix fixe menu, in addition to a smaller-than-normal regular menu, but since we are samplers, we decided to each get the 5-course prix fixe so we could try as many things as possible.I love that a trip to Sonoma Grille is not just dinner, it's an entire event.  Our waitress, Barb, was fantastic - knowledgeable about the menu, and passionate about it too.  They had just introduced some new items, so the servers had recently done their menu taste-test, and to hear her describe everything was like being there in the room as each dish was sampled and explained.Sonoma Grille is regularly recognized as having one of the best wine selections in the city, and it's true.  The markup is a bit much, but again, you're paying for atmosphere and experience in addition to good California wines (I'd love to see a bit more Central Coast, as that's my favorite wine region, but the name is 'Sonoma,' so I give them a pass).  The staff can answer any question you have about the wine, which I really appreciate.We started with the 'Trio of Amuse' appetizer, which had a parsnip bisque (light and flavorful), some oysters (which weird me out a bit, I must admit), and a teeny tiny beef carpaccio that was perfect in every way.  It was just one little nibble, but it was an insane burst of flavor.  While we were enjoying our wine and appetizer, the bread server came around with a selection of four different kinds of bread.  Instead of an individual table serving being brought to your table, a server comes with a large basket and serves you a few pieces of your choosing, plus olive oil for dipping.  I don't know why, but I love this little unique aspect of this restaurant.For the larger appetizer (oh yes, two appetizers), we each got the jumbo lump crab and avocado plate.  This was gigantic - we could have easily split one between the two of us.  The crab pieces were huge, easily the size of garlic bulbs.  My only suggestion for this would be to have a few pieces of the crostini instead of just a little sliver at the bottom.  The actual plate was quite juicy, and the crunch of the crostini was a good balance.  Mmm, this was like crab guacamole, so in other words, amazing.My husband and I each got different salads.  He opted for the fois gras salad (which he loved, even though I was a bit too squeamish to sample it), and I got what I shall refer to as the pile 'o beets.  Anyone who knows me knows my love affair with beets, and this was just perfect.  Slices of beets interspersed with goat cheese and well-seasoned... wish I could eat that every day.  Not very 'salad-y' but heavenly nonetheless.There were five different options for entrees, but we both had our eye on only one thing: the filet mignon.  Oh. My. Word.  This steak was cooked to perfection - so tender and juicy that my mouth is watering just remembering it!  It came with garlicky whipped potatoes and broccolini (which I delicately pushed to the side - sorry broccoli, we're never going to be friends).  The portion was huge, and I had the second half wrapped up for lunch the next day.We were nearly too full for dessert, but had to make room to try the chocolate ravioli.  It's a little weird, and the texture is a bit chewier than I would have thought, but the flavor was excellent.  It came with a nice blend of raspberry and vanilla sauce for dipping, and was perfect alongside a steaming cup of coffee.All in all, we had another excellent experience.  Barb even offered to keep my leftovers in the fridge until after the midnight festivities, but I was afraid I'd forget in the massive crowd leaving downtown, so we walked it back to the car anyway.  I was not going to let myself miss out on a second meal of that filet in the aftermath of Pittsburgh fireworks lol.  This is one NYE tradition we plan on keeping for many years to come!
<review# 216,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/17/2012,4/30/2012,95,142,,5,2>After a disappointing previous experience with BBQ in the city, I was hoping that Yinzburgh could redeem the city's BBQ scene. Upon finding out the owners were from Georgia, I thought to myself, "these guys gotta know what reall BBQ is". Turns out, they do!My first time at YB, I tried the pulled pork with a side of cole slaw and macaroni and cheese. I'm picky about all three of those things, so it was a leap of faith to get them all and have high expectations. I was very happy with everything I ordered. The pork was tender and full of flavor, even without the BBQ sauce. The cole slaw was creamy and had the right amount of tanginess. The mac'n cheese actually tastes homemade and is creamy with a lot of cheddar cheese. Score!My second trip to YB, I tried the brisket. Oh. Em. Gee! This brisket is perfect! Fork tender with a perfectly charred outer crust and tell-tale smoke ring. Take that, hipster BBQ joint on N. Highland! Maybe you can learn something from these guys!YB has 3 homemade sauces to cover the BBQ geography of your St. Louis style red BBQ sauce, Carolina Style vinegar sauce and a mustard based sauce. It's hard to chose a favorite because they are all good on any of the meats. The smoked wings are a must-try as well.
<review# 217,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/25/2012,4/29/2012,70,148,,18,3>Teppanyaki Kyoto is a newcomer to the Highland Park area serving authentic Japanese cuisine. Right now, the restaurant is in their soft-opening phase, where they serve lunch and dinner by reservation only. I called ahead prior to walking in for lunch, and they didn't seem to mind.Entering, the space is a beautifully and minimally decorated space, with soft Japanese music playing in the background and familiar items of the culture throughout the space. There is a long bench with two-seat tables along it, and in the back it seems like low group tables. Along the side, though, is the centerpiece of the restaurant: the Teppanyaki. Teppanyaki, similar to Hibachi, is food cooked on a large steel griddle in front of the customer. The differences as far as the grills go aren't striking to me, but there are no theatrics in Teppanyaki cooking. Suffice to say, this is not another Hibachi restaurant. There are 8 seats up against the counter of this Teppanyaki and currently only one chef. I sat at the counter and was handed a two-page menu, and a small drink menu including Japanese beers and a small sake menu. Since it was a working lunch, I had to opt myself out of the other menu. The centerpiece of the menu, and what drew me here, is the Okonomiyaki: a  savory Japanese pancake with ingredients mixed throughout. You can pick ingredients or select a style named after one of four regions throughout Japan. Additonally, the batter has fish broth in it, so vegetarians call ahead and ask if they can make vegetarian batter.However, upon seeing yakisoba on the menu, my insatiable noodle hunger took over me. Luckily, I didn't have to opt out of trying these pancakes - they also server Hiroshimayaki, which includes noodles. This is made in a separate style, with the ingredients stacked instead of mixed. A thin layer of pancake is spread on the griddle, topped with a heaping mound of cabbage, scallions, and slices of beef. Eventually, it is flipped over and shrinks down as the cabbage cooks, while the chef cooks noodles and an egg off to the side. Finally, the pancake is put on top of the noodles, which is put on top of the egg, which is put in a plate and smothered in sriracha mayo and a thick, dark, sweet sauce and sprinkled with bonito flakes.It was impressive to watch him work while training another chef. The preparations seem simple, but a lot goes into them. The pancake itself was excellent.  Visually, the sauces are beautifully presented and the bonito flakes silently dance in the heat rising from the pancake. The flavors blended together perfectly, with the sweet sauce complimenting the slightly bitter cabbage, and the egg and noodles giving the dish substance while the beef provided a satisfying chew. I could barely finish the whole thing, but I was able to at the end. The bill for it with tax was $12, which was an expensive lunch, but they don't really have a lunch menu so it would be an OK dinner price. The menu is pretty much all in the $8-$14 price range with a few items(like a steak) getting closer to $20. The appetizers and salads are in the $4-8 range.It's always interesting to me to find out that very common food items in one corner of the globe are entirely absent elsewhere. Teppanyaki Kyoto tries to remedy this by introducing Pittsburgh to the Japanese cuisine beyond sushi and udon. I think they do an excellent job, and can't wait to return.
<review# 218,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/21/2011,4/28/2012,81,73,2,4,1>Wow. They have so many options (if you like seafood which i do!) The menu of specials was overwhelming as well. The server rattled on for like 15 minutes about the specials which was impressive. I am a scallop fan so I went with the crab stuffed scallops.  I was so overwhelmed by all of the fish options that I couldn't make up my mind.  The entree was delicious my only gripe is with the soup I ordered.  The server described the soup as a lobster butternut squash....sounds interesting and delicious. Unfortunately the soup was a overly sweet pumpkin puree.  I love soup but neither my sister or I could stomach it. Obviously, the views are incredible but the interior seemed a little cheesy for a $30+ entree place.  Fake palm trees? hmm... Pros: huge seafood menu, full bar, tasty bread, gorgeous views, actually kid friendly (for my nephew) Cons: poor soup description, cheesy interior, a la carte vegetables, pricey but you are paying for the view. Overall: I will be back for another special occasion!
<review# 219,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/27/2012,4/27/2012,351,500,,5,2>I'm a huge fan of older, smaller music venues, and this place fits the bill. The music hall is located within the larger library building itself, both which ooze 19th century charm. The acoustics and view were great from my seat in the balcony, and the intimate space allows the musicians on stage to really interact with the audience. I witnessed every facial expression and humorous gesture they made. This was the perfect venue for Bela Fleck and the Flecktones, playing to a  mostly middle aged/boomer crowd. They set up a bar in the library on concert nights so you can enjoy a nice bev, although you can only take Gatorade or water into the hall itself. I gave it 4 stars and not 5 only because of the hard, small seats. Next time I'll bring a chair cushion, as uncool as that may make me!
<review# 220,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/8/2012,4/26/2012,75,52,,5,3>What a great happy hour! My hubby and I grabbed drinks here the other night before our anniversary dinner at Eleven (which was also very good by the way).  Kaya's happy hour specials included half off most drinks. I got the caipirinha and grapefruit basil margarita and my husband got a frozen mango mojito and Kayapolitan. Wasn't a fan of the Kayapolitan, mainly because it tasted like juice. But our other drinks were delicious and strong (get Joe to make your drinks!). After two I was recommending the grapefruit margarita to everyone sitting around me, haha. We also munched on the Yucatan hot bean dip which had some good kick to it. Unfortunately, I don't think their food is part of the happy hour, so you're looking at around $10 bucks for an appetizer. But when all was said and done, our bill came to $35 and we got 5 drinks and the bean dip (with a double portion of chips), so I'd call that a deal! I hope to come back here soon and check out their dinner menu. In the meantime I'll definitely be back for more happy hour deliciousness.
<review# 221,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/31/2013,1/11/2014,101,91,,6,2>Dad's is even better since the boys bought the place from D's.  And they have truly made it their own! Some menu items have been removed, some have been added... but all is for the best.  Their award-winning chili and wedding soup are offered daily.  I can still get my Pittsburgh-style steak salad (one of my favorite things on the menu!) and a large number of burgers, sandwiches, and pizzas.  Dad's also has some of the best sweet potato fries I've ever had.  I don't even like sweet potatoes.  A large basket will feed your table. A new addition to the menu are the delicious desserts! They are slightly pricey but homemade and definitely worth a try.  Dad's has a large number of taps, including many local, seasonal, and imported favorites. They of course "inherited" hundreds of bottled beers in the coolers and a small "beer outcove."  Since they have a full bar in addition to their taps, Dad's is able to offer daily drink specials ($5 Monroeville Mules on Wednesday!).  If you go there during a Penguins, Steelers or Pirates game, there are many game-day drink and food specials to enjoy. What I like the best about this place is that unlike D's, the bar stays open "until dad says", meaning they actually structure their hours around the crowd (or lack thereof). Finally! Way to go, Kelvo and Dan.  Five star review.
<review# 222,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/17/2013,1/10/2014,100,138,,5,2>Really enjoying 61B so far. The renovation is a stunning improvement. The staff have been friendly when I've visited. I was surprised to learn that they make nearly all their pastries in house, they are really tasty. Apparently they will be adding more seating on the lower level which is even better. I absolutely couldn't stand Katerbean and 61B is just about a 1000x improvement over what was there before. They even had good music playing inside! As a freelancer I'm always looking for good local places to get some work done; if I'm going to spend a zillion dollars on coffees while partaking in free wifi it may as well be at a nice local shop!So far I've gotten an iced latte and an iced coffee. The iced coffee I didn't love; it seemed thin and watery as if they did not brew it double strength, but that could have been a fluke. I've also gotten a few pastries...a croissant, a macaroon, and a cookie that were all very good and the prices were actually very reasonable.Only issues...cash only. I really hope this is temporary since there is no free ATM in that area for me. Also I always prefer to see baristas in some kind of uniform or dress code for food safety reasons. One woman working was wearing a tank top, which I was under the impression that those were against health department rules; I've never been permitted to wear sleeveless tops at any food service job I've had. But these are relatively minor issues, so soon enough I'll be a regular here.
<review# 223,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/27/2013,1/9/2014,33,416,,5,2>I like the extensive option of crepes fillings ranging from more hearty items such as eggs and sausage to different fruits and chocolates. I opted for the crepes filled with white chocolate and raspberries and really enjoyed the pairing. Next time, I'll probably choose to have the whipped cream and walnuts to add a bit more textural contrast.To summarize a few reoccurring comments from other reviews and from my personal experience: 1) Crepes Parisiennes has short hours, so you should check the hours before you go; 2) they accept cash only; 3) follow the simple rules.
<review# 224,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/30/2013,1/8/2014,11,76,,7,5>Aji Picante was my favorite restaurant in Squirrel Hill, and I was sad to see it disappear a few months back. Fortunately, it appeared to have a promising successor in Nu, which has the same ownership (Pamela's) and a menu that is inventive and appropriate for the neighborhood.I visited Nu with some friends last week and was thoroughly impressed. We started with the appetizer platter ($15), a bountiful array of meat blintzes, kreplach, fried potato puffs, and fried pickles. All were quite tasty, especially the fried items.Moving on to the main courses, it is difficult to choose from all the tantalizing sandwiches, each one featuring Nu's house-smoked meats. We ultimately went with the Reuben Knishwich and the Upstreet Dip ($12 each). The former is a creative take on my favorite sandwich: the meat, cheese and kraut are finely diced and baked into a pastry. The result is a delicious and filling stomach bomb that is surprisingly different from a traditional Reuben. The dip was a more standard affair consisting of a baguette filled with thick slabs of juicy brisket slathered in cheese and horseradish sauce.  It too was excellent and generously portioned.Nu is BYOB, so we brought some wine and beer to drink with our meal; when the check arrived, we were pleased to see no corkage fee. All told the bill came to $20/person after tax and tip, a fantastic bargain for such a delicious and filling meal. Service was friendly and attentive. In closing, Nu is a welcome addition to Pittsburgh; I don't know of any other place in the city that serves this type of food. Their menu manages to be both traditional and creative, and their execution is spot-on. Here's hoping it sticks around.
<review# 225,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/23/2013,1/7/2014,31,34,,5,2>My favorite new place. I make it a point to stop every chance I get. FINALLY a coffee shop in the area with reasonable hours (and prices too!)! It's decorated nicely and has the whimsical feel you'd expect from somewhere named The White Rabbit. The staff is very friendly and knowledgeable. There's a decent amount of seating so it's a nice place to sit and chat with a friend over some beverages and pastries. They make everything homemade from scratch... even their flavored coffee syrups! The housemade chai is perfection.  It's nicely spiced and perfectly sweetened for my taste. They always have something unique to eat and everything I've tasted has been spot on. (Note: They don't have full meals, just pastries. But They do offer some savory options daily. It's not all sweets.)
<review# 226,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/21/2013,1/6/2014,59,85,,9,5>This is one of my favorite hidden gems -- all the more remarkable because it manages to be hidden in plain sight, right on East Carson Street. This drinks-only craft cocktail bar does have a few fans other than me, as one can see on any Friday or Saturday night when folks are packed three-deep at the bar, but on a Monday or Tuesday night? I open the door and it's like transporting back in time, to the brandy-and-cognac days of secret societies. Except it's non-smoking!The whiskey list is extensive, but the full capabilities of the bartenders here is downright encyclopedic. You ask for a drink with X spirit in it, they can give you a handful of options and recommendations based on weather, season, and occasion. It's truly my favorite place to grab a late-night, weeknight nightcap. (Night!)
<review# 227,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/16/2013,1/5/2014,85,195,,6,5>I have to say that since moving from Philadelphia to Pittsburgh, I've been disappointed with the restaurants I've tried so far. Philly made me a total food snob, which happens easily when you can eat any cuisine at any time on any street corner and have a great meal, whether it's $10 or $50. I know, I know there are great places in Pittsburgh and everyone tells me I just haven't been to the "right" places yet.Meat & Potatoes was one of those places! My faith in Pittsburgh food is restored. This was easily the best meal I've had here and definitely up there for one of the best meals I've had anywhere. From my phone call making reservations to dessert, we had an amazing experience here.I called to make reservations and was connected with Matthew, who was extremely helpful and very pleasant! I had to call back soon after to make changes due to a change in our party number and he was overall very accommodating.  We arrived a bit before our reservation and got drinks at the bar. They have a nice selection of beers, some drafts and then an extensive bottle selection. It was quite crowded, so we took our drinks out to the lobby where there are large, comfy couches and tables to wait for our table. When we were seated, we were introduced to Josh, who was a magnificent server and made our meal very enjoyable! He took great care of us throughout the night, from making sure we had everything we needed to making menu suggestions at our request.Everything was delicious. We started with the Curry Mussels and Wild Mushroom Risotto. They were a great indication of the quality of the food we were going to have and we could not stop raving about it. The risotto was creamy and cooked perfectly. I am a huge fan of Mussels and loved something other than the traditional red or white sauce. Curry, coconut milk, lemongrass...YUM!Each of us ordered a different entree and shared so we could sample everything. I could not have been happier with my selection. I ordered the Agnolotti pasta. It had pecorino romano cheese, greens, sweet potatoes and a maple bourbon foam. I was intrigued right away. A sweet, savory pasta dish that was definitely one of the most delicious and unique I had ever tasted. I am to stop myself from devouring it just so I could savor the leftovers!The other dishes were equally as delicious! (Some of the best steak I've ever had.)Pappardelle pasta with bolognese sauce, short rib, pancetta and pork shoulderWagyu Flat Iron with heirloom cherry tomatoes, pickled jicama, wasabi mashed potatoesHanger Steak with pulled potatoes, romesco,  water cress, green onions, jalapeno vinaigretteOh and it didn't stop there. We decided to indulge in dessert because we knew it would be amazing. We shared an Eggnog pot de creme and a chocolate mousse that were both out of this world!!I will definitely be going back because there were other menu items such as the Korean Reuban and  Lamb Burger that definitely caught my eye as well!
<review# 228,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/22/2013,1/4/2014,84,118,,4,4>Please try Salud - you will NOT regret it.  Run by two hipsters who also double as band-mates, this isn't "authentic" Cuban (rather Cuban-American) but the food is fresh, tasty, and the service is top-notch.  If you tried Salud when it first opened, it was run by different staff and I encourage you to give it another chance with the new management.@Curtis G and I live right by Salud, and have been meaning to stop in here for months.  We finally made the time, and we were glad we did.  Surprisingly, we were the only diners at around 9 pm on a Saturday.  Our server did mention that Fridays are usually their busier night.Salud is Farm to Table - meaning the menu changes frequently based on what local fare is available.  They post their menu updates on their Facebook page (they don't have a website).  The menu offers fewer options that other places, however, I don't think that's a negative as I love that the food is fresh and local.I'm a terrible Yelper b/c I really can't remember the name of my dish, all I know is that all the ingredients were flavorful, and the argument for more Farm to Table restaurants is evident when you are enjoying mango that's bursting with flavor because it's so fresh.  The chef came out to check on our entrees, always a classy touch and showcases the passion of the staff.Our adults beverages were amazing, individually-made and with all fresh ingredients.  I'm picky about my mojitos, and have been known to send them back if they aren't to my liking.  Salud's mojito was cool with the perfect amount of fresh mint.  It's def in my top mojitos in the city list (new Yelp list idea?).And if you like ghost stories and anything with a macabre history....this is another added bonus for you to try Salud.  I won't ruin it for you.  I encourage you to ask the bartender about the history of the the previous tenant (Salac's - a bar where dirty cops used to cook the books, allegedly!).
<review# 229,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/26/2013,1/3/2014,22,58,10,5,7>I could talk about the drink selection,  the awesome music,  or the friendly waitstaff,  but every word not spent describing the burger I had here is a wasted opportunity. How do you describe the blast pig burger? Talk about the ingredients? Candied bacon,  Candied jalapeños,  fried ratatouille... No,  that will not do,  this burger is more than the sum of its parts. Shall I talk about the careful preparation?  The perfectly rare (as requested) meat.. No, I shall try to describe the experience. It was like biting into a piece of heaven topped with bacon.  Like flying through the sky on wings of gold,  like reaching up and touching the face of God. No,  still better than that... ...they should have sent a poet.
<review# 230,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/30/2013,1/2/2014,95,245,3,1,1>My bf took me here on my birthday and it was so good he totally sealed "the deal."  This was on of the best dining experiences I've had in Pittsburgh...made even sweeter by the fact I left full, and without feeling the boyfriends wallet was just raped.  I had the Orichiette pasta and it was love in a bowl.  Savory and sweet and perfectly balanced.  Boyfriend had short rib ravioli and it was so good that when I asked him if I could have a taste he told me that he loved me, and he knew it was my birthday, and he let me have a bite, but he didn't want to share.  I didn't make him, I just know it was excellent.I have officially done dat all of the big burrito restaurants & I honestly feel like has bought is the most effortlessly sophisticated of all of them.  This is amazing food in a restaurant that is sophisticated without even trying.I really feel like has bought is highly underrated and you'd best get your arse over here to dying. They have a brunch which I hear is amazing and I can't wait to try it out.
<review# 231,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/31/2013,12/22/2013,65,134,,3,2>We have been meaning to come here for quite some time now.  After our wonderful dinner at notion, we made our way a few blocks down the road to enjoy some after-dinner cocktails.  My first impression was, WOW!  It has a wonderful smell of meats being smoked emanating from Union Pig & Chicken located downstairs.  I don't know how the bartenders handle it.  My mouth was watering the whole time - I had to remind myself that I just ate!  The bartender explained the cocktails to us, and I decided to go with a gin based concoction.  It was so refreshing.  You can tell from one taste the thoughtfulness put into each cocktail recipe.  My boyfriend opted for a glass of scotch, and according to him, they have a great selection.  It wasn't too busy for a Thursday evening, so we took advantage of the free pool in the back room.  The whole place had a cool vibe.  We'll be returning soon!
<review# 232,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/28/2013,12/21/2013,100,116,3,4,5>Have you ever had a party, and needed like, a lot of random things for it? This is your spot. They have EVERYTHING: Mardi Gras beads, tableware, Pittsburgh sports goodies, weird plastic babydolls, I mean EVERYTHING. If Stefon from SNL ever featured a party store, this would be the place!Prices are good: on my most-recent visit, I managed to get supplies for party giftbags for 70 people for only $70 bucks. Pretty awesome!Do you want to throw a Halloween party? How about a cowboy party? How about a Hawaiian NASCAR bachelorette party on St. Patrick's Day? You can totally pull that off with the help of Feinberg's!And in the event that you can't find just what you're looking for, the staff is super helpful and will go out of their way to get you what you need.Something to note: you can only use a credit card if you spend more than $10, so if you're just buying a few things, bring cash. They're open on Saturdays, so it can become part of your normal Strip District stroll!
<review# 233,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/8/2013,12/20/2013,107,111,,4,2>I will go nowhere else from now on for baked goods!The ladies that helped me out there today were so friendly, patient, warm and helpful. I love that.The  kouign amann is the best thing I have ever eaten and I could eat it all day, every day. They're sweet, buttery perfection!The macarons are worth every penny, probably worth more! I tried the salted caramel and lemon and savored every bit. There is no word to describe how amazingly delicious these cookies are. Believe it or not, there are more downstairs. They're calling my name and I'm having a terrible time resisting the temptation to run down there and devour every crumb!We also tried a sample of the raspberry cake. No other cake will ever compare to that. Ever.I can't wait to go back and pick up more!
<review# 234,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/29/2013,12/19/2013,90,178,2,4,2>This is a fun little spot in the Strip District. They are small but have an up stairs for extra seating and private events in case you need the space. We were here for a private yelp event but did get to enjoy the bar afterwards. They hold a trivia night every friday and I believe we went on a wednesday when they had stand-up mic night. All the tables and bar were filled but we managed to squeeze in at a table with some strangers. They were nice enough to share especially since they were at a 4 seated table and it was only the two of them. We ordered wings that night since they were half off. They were great too, awesome sauce choices and they weren't dry at all. It did take them a while to get cooked though, like 20 minutes which i thought was long for wings. I figured it was because of the crowd that they were a little slow. They have a unique menu here with foods I've never known like Seitan. It's some kind of bread sponge material, idk but i had it on a taco and it was pretty amazing. We stayed for about an hour listening to some stand up comedians which were decent. It was my first time getting to see improv comedy from local artist. And there was no charge for this event either which was pretty awesome. I like that they have cool events they put together that make your experience here better than just an average bar hop. Good fun, nice people, service was ok and of course, planned entertainment!!
<review# 235,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/25/2013,12/18/2013,15,81,,4,2>Pros: BYOBAttentive ServiceDelicious Food Seasonal specialsCons: Not in the South SideWent here with a group of 6 to celebrate a couple of birthdays, so we tried almost everything on the menu without finding a dud. For starters, the delicate meat-stuffed Pelmeni are a generous appetizer to share. The amazingly tender pork souvlaki with a tangy tzatziki sorrel sauce was the winner, but everything was interesting, creative, and tasty. My scallops were cooked impeccably well. This is probably the best hidden gem restaurant in Pittsburgh where you could probably walk in on a Saturday night and get a table without an issue, but I'd make a reservation to be safe. Check out Lola the next time you want to impress a date or have a nice dinner with friends.
<review# 236,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/29/2013,12/17/2013,86,173,1,6,3>I was apprehensive about trying Everyday Noodles because the menu did not look vegetarian friendly and sometimes "vegetarian" still means it can contain fish sauce or shrimp paste/powder, plus I don't eat egg and figured the noodles were out....So we called ahead and they told us there were vegetarian options without egg and without fish sauce etc. Looking at the menu, there are very few, almost none, of such options, just one noodle dish labelled vegetarian (cold sesame noodles) - and it was with egg noodles (the server kindly asked the kitchen for me). I was struggling. We were assured that the vegetable dumplings were vegan, so we started with those while further considering entree options. Just when I decided to simply get the dumplings and run, our super helpful server informed us that the Dan Dan noodle dish could be made vegan, less seafood products, and with rice noodles! So we stuck around. The dumplings were absolutely adorable. And delicious! I'm pretty sure they are the best dumplings I've ever had. The filling consisted of shiitake mushrooms, some hearty green (kale?) and lil bits of tofu; very fresh and tasty. We both also very much enjoyed the Dan Dan noodles (I got mine vegan, my partner got them "normal"). I thought the flavors of the dish were masterfully balanced, though I might ask for extra spicy next time. What was lacking in the dish was vegetables! Add some veggies to the dish, and I'd be giving a 5 star review. My most pressing complaint is about the music. With fantastic food, excellent service and a pleasant enough space, they should re-consider their music selections because nobody should ever have to endure the likes of Reba McEntire and Celine Dion while enjoying soothing delights of the east. I'll take the generic Chinese music that you hear in every other Chinese restaurant over the worst songs of the 90s any day, though maybe not everyday.
<review# 237,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/4/2013,12/16/2013,104,86,4,3,2>D is for delicious food!I is for It has a great view of the river!V is for very yummy fries!E is for extra ranch dressing because it's so good!Definitely a dive, but in the best way possible. The bartender who was working on the Saturday afternoon my friend and I stopped by was a total sweetie. Had I consumed any alcohol, I would have probably told her everything that has happened in my life and had her analyze it and I feel she would have genuinely cared.Also, the food was great and pretty cheap. I had the sandwich special: pulled pork with fries. It was delicious and the fries were some of the best I've had in recent memory. My friend got a grilled chicken salad and it was also super tasty. Just FYI though, you have to spend $15 to use your card, so bring cash if you're eating/drinking light!
<review# 238,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/27/2013,12/14/2013,181,458,,3,3>I have to say that I am very, very pleased to have "found" this place in the South Hills. I discovered it when I was grabbing lunch next door at the Kabob G Grill and thought that I have to stop in and check it out after researching via Yelp and the business' website.I came into this place around 7:30 on a cold and blustery Saturday night . Upon entering I felt like I had entered a jolly old pub one might see in a movie and think I wish I could find something like that. This place was warm and welcoming from the decor, staff, and patrons. The special lady and sat at the bar and had a beverage each, I have to admit I'm not sure how much the beers we had were but we had three for a total of $18. While I like Great Lakes beers and the wife had a macrobrew, I still think that an avg.of $6 a beer was a little steep but not ridiculous. They did have a very general variety on draft, but unfortunately no hoppier beers for us hopheads. We tried some ginger sesame wings or something along those line they were solid, and the fish sandwich was enormous and tasty. You can order this piece of ?? Haddock or cod??? you know one of those typical hunks of fish grilled or fried, we decided to get it fried and it was done perfectly, the fish was hot and flaky, and the breading nice and crispy. My lady really enjoyed the assortment of scented soaps in the bathrooms and I just felt like I was at home thinking to myself why the heck do my hands smell like spiced -vanilla- hoisin berry- fruitcake. I would recommend splitting the fish because it is huge. I will certainly be coming back here for the food and atmosphere and maybe a beverage. Oh and ample free parking is a major plus.
<review# 239,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/29/2013,12/13/2013,55,74,5,5,3>By Gizmo the dog:My human and I have been to Woody's several times, and I love it there. For more than half the price of my groomer, my human can wash me with four different soaps. I especially like the oatmeal one, but my human likes the deodorizing soap so I smell extra good after a long walk in South Park. After a good scrub, I get a nice conditioner to make my coat extra soft. Then, there's all kinds of brushes to comb my beautiful fur, and towels to dry me off. There's even a dog hair blower to make getting me dry easier, but personally I hate the sound of those things. The humans that run the place have nice big bath tubs that I can easily jump into, and they have ties that my human can use to keep me in one place- although I don't know why he wants to keep me from running around the store soaking wet or jumping up and giving wet puppy kisses (who doesn't love wet puppy kisses??!). Sometimes after my wash, we walk through the store where they have all kinds of different dog foods, accessories, and even treats. Speaking of treats, can I have one Dad? I wrote this whole review for you and I don't even have opposable thumbs! Mmmm, treats...Sorry, I lost my train of thought. Any way, if you're a dog and need a bath, take your human to Woody's. It's a fun bonding experience and your human will like that he saved some cash by not going to the groomer. Okay, gotta run. It's time to scare the mailman. He comes back everyday, but I'm a good dog and my bark always chases him off.
<review# 240,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/27/2013,12/12/2013,59,67,2,3,3>Since I wrote my initial review Skinny Pete's have started dinner service and it's fantastic!  Tonight I had the special, skirt steak, beans and risotto.  It was really tasty, served with an egg on top all in one bowl.  Perfect comfort food for a chilly fall night.  One thing I love about SP's is that they have a wide range of prices for dinner, so you can get a pizza or mac and cheese for under $10, or you can spring for a special like I did, for $18.  Service is very good and I can't wait to see what their new menu includes.  Still highly recommend Skinny Pete's!
<review# 241,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/6/2013,7/30/2013,74,65,3,5,3>HOW DID I NOT KNOW ABOUT THIS PLACE SOONER? My new favorite cheap spot for sushi! Sushi Boat, you're just too far away from me... My husband and I came here a bit apprehensively due to the mixed reviews on here, but we were hopeful since the sushi kept being praised... but schwaaaaaaat, we didn't realize we'd be in for such a treat. We each started with avocado salads, which was our first pleasant surprise. Fresh mixed greens with thinly sliced avocado halves delicately arranged on top. Pretty sure the dressing is made in-house, and I was tempted to ask if I could buy a tub to take it home and eat it by the spoonful. It tasted just like most Japanese-restaurant ginger dressings, but they make it creamy here. Ahh... what problem can a little bit of mayonnaise NOT solve? We went with the "Ginza Mountain for Two" which was 18 pieces of sushi with a tuna roll and a rainbow roll for--wait for it--$37. WHAT? And we had no idea what kind of nigiri we'd be served, but it was a really nice selection. We were served: Salmon (sake), tuna (yellowfin and white), yellowtail (hamachi!), red snapper, shrimp (ebi), octopus (tako), mackerel (saba), and a good ole crabstick. Every piece was just to our liking: a generous cut of tender, fresh, flavorful fish. The two rolls that came with it were solid. The rice-to-fish ratio for the tuna roll was perfect in my opinion, and I loved that the seaweed was crisp, with a strong, freshly-roasted aroma. The rice was evenly-seasoned, with the amount of moisture that I like. Decor: dark woods, dim lighting, giant T.V., and about 40 seats in a pretty narrow space. Sushi bar in the back only has 4 chairs (I think). Seems like they're trying for an upscale look, but not quite pulling it off... can't quite put my finger on what it is, but I don't care about decor. Why am I even writing about decor? All I care about is food. My ample midsection is a testament to this love.Service: Solid. The guy was laid-back, attentive, and patient. We were being pretty annoying with our indecisiveness, but remained completely unfazed by it. It probably helped that we were only one of his two tables on that Wednesday evening. We'll DEFINITELY be visiting here again. We might try to order from the grill or maybe some of the specialty rolls (which are HUGE apparently), but my guess is we'll probably just end up sticking with nigiri... because the price is RIGHT. If you love good sushi and bargains, you need to check this place out.
<review# 242,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/5/2013,7/29/2013,59,67,6,6,5>Berry Quool recently opened on Lincoln Ave, a welcome unique addition to the long line of barber shops, pizza shops, and salons that seem to open and close in the blink of an eye in Bellevue.  I've never been to a froyo place that is self serve, but they are popping up everywhere in the city and seem to have quite a following.  Berry Quool looks very clean, bright, and welcoming with its white interior and modern style design.  There is construction outside currently, and I'm hoping outside seats will be available soon.  A friend and I went to berry quool with my dog recently (they are pretty dog friendly, btw... you can't bring him in or anything but they have water out front and free dog treats inside!).  Inside there are a line of yogurt flavors including cheesecake, mint, blueberry, peach, and a lot I can't remember.  Then there are a lot of toppings to choose from, including crunchy bits like granola and chocolate covered pretzels, the standard fair like sprinkles and syrups, and fresh choices like blueberries, strawberries, and kiwi.  I especially loved the fresh fruit options!  The fruit was in good shape, didn't look previously frozen, and was really tasty.   I opted for cheesecake froyo, with a smidge of blueberry froyo, topped with blueberries, strawberries, kiwi, granola, and strawberry syrup.  A reasonable amount was less than $4.  I can see how you could accidentally spend a lot more though if you get out of control with heavy toppings!  In fact, the lady in front of me had a bucket of froyo and toppings that cost her almost $9.  A few reasons berry quool did not get 5 stars:1. I generally can't get excited about froyo.  As a pregnant woman in the homestretch I pride myself in being a connoisseur of sorts in desserts.  Froyo is refreshing like ice cream, but quite frankly its just not ice cream.  I'm a soft serve ice cream fanatic and I would LOVE to see a soft serve version of one of these joints.2.  The froyo machines were slow slow slow... and one did not work.  I don't know if it's common for these machines to be so slow but it was annoying for this froyo virgin.3.  The name "berry quool" confuses me and makes me feel 90 years old.  I don't get it, I don't want to get it, but I do want to go there again.Berry Quool is open to the public now, but has a grand opening next Friday, 7/12.  If you see a gigantically pregnant woman scarfing down froyo, that'll be me making a return visit to this cute shop.
<review# 243,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/28/2013,7/28/2013,64,148,2,2,2>I like this place, quite a bit. I have been two or three times now and it's always been empty inside (didn't seem to matter the time of day) so service has been super prompt and friendly. We've tried the basil fried rice, red and green curries, and a bunch of their appetizers. The apps weren't really of either of our liking for the most part. They seemed rather bland, which made me a little nervous before I had gotten to try the main course, but every thing was delicious after that. Their red curry is dynamite, but, as mentioned in other reviews, their shiz is hot! I've taken it down to a 5/10 and it was still causing my eyes to water. They have f*cked up view of what's spicy and what's mild, but the curry was still super delicious.
<review# 244,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/8/2013,7/27/2013,207,401,2,5,4>Things are looking up in Pittsburgh with the addition of this creative and brilliantly thoughtful restaurant.  This place can be and most likely will be a diet buster but is well worth the splurge every now and again.  I really enjoyed the service and ambiance.  I loved the cushy chairs and could easily have stayed for hours.Miriam and I split some dishes and each ordered a Caesar salad.  This was a Caesar unlike I have ever experienced and was the best one I have ever had.  From the menu: romaine/ kale / house dressing / crispy pig ears / chicharrones / fried egg / pickled green tomatoes $10.  Oh my gosh.  It was rich and flavorful, the mix of textures was terrific.  The green tomatoes and tangy dressing giving relief to the richness of the chicharrones, pig ears and egg.  I am craving one right now.We split the buttermilk fried chicken livers with what I believe was a mustard based dipping sauce.  Perfectly battered, fried, the livers were cooked medium.  These were as good as the reviews state and I wouldn't hesitate to order this again and again.  I think there were 8 so I would definitely split them unless your going to make a meal of them at the bar with a drink.  That may just be an idea!  We also split the Ahi Taquitos $14 with ponzu / avocado / jalapenos / ahi amarillo.  Crispy and absolutely wonderful.  I wish they were a little bigger because they were gone in too few bites.  These are very dainty but have huge flavor and a great balance of ingredients.  They're a little on the spicy side but not so much as to be overboard.  Lastly we split the special for the evening.   Braised pork belly with mole, corn on the cob, pickled cabbage, jalapeños and radish.  I loved this.  Loved it!  This should definitely stay on the menu.  The pork was cooked perfectly, it was tender, unctuous fatty dream.  The mole was terrific and I really enjoyed the 4 inch corn on the cobs.  I can't pinpoint the seasoning but I wanted more.  Our 5 dishes were $60 with tax and I really didn't mind a bit.  The quality and brilliance of the food was well worth it and I am excited to give a 5 star review to a Pittsburgh restaurant.  Keep up the good work!  I will be back to try more of this brilliant and interesting menu.
<review# 245,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/22/2013,7/26/2013,30,63,,2,3>Cure is charming: the food is gorgeous and incredibly delicious, and everything is served in a relaxed, casual, even festive atmosphere that can almost make you forget that dinner for two will set you back a pretty penny.Is it worth it? If you want food that's both thoughtful and really well-prepared without an ounce of pretension, yes. I had the goat tartare, which was a great balance of sweet and sour, fresh and crunchy - yet surprisingly light, and my husband had what Cure was calling Spring, with morels and grilled ramps, along with pomegranate and a "slow egg."  Both were delicious, and surprising, which I think is an important thing - when you're paying a premium and you're not at a steakhouse, you want the unexpected.  Then, I took a risk and ordered the roast chicken with coffee and cracked wheat gnocchi - there was nothing ordinary about this chicken, and it came with more grilled ramps, and pickled cabbage, both delicious.  My husband had the pork belly and squab, which was unctuous and tender - very decadent, and the sumac yogurt and falafel added sweet and crunchy textures that made the dish really special.You might be tempted to skip dessert after all that, but order the chocolate souffle, served with a savory pistachio puree and a balsamic reduction - topped with sea salt, it's sweet and unusual, just like Cure itself.By the time you read this, they should have a full bar - when we ate there on 4/21, it was the last night of BYOB.
<review# 246,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/10/2013,7/25/2013,540,698,2,2,2>This place is kind of an amazing place.  It's like a magical portal to view yourself through a different look.  Granted, the clothes are for women, but I'm fairly sure if you are a guy like myself, you can find something for you as well.Aside from the clothing they have rugs, blankets, jewelry, journals, scarfs, and the list could go on and on here.  Heck, I even saw some hacky sacks...that takes me back to my teen years.  The staff are easy to approach and very knowledgeable about the products they have for purchase here.  I was intrigued by the wood earrings they had for gaged ears.  Time definitely could be lost while browsing through this store.  Before we knew it the sun was starting to set outside.
<review# 247,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/19/2013,7/24/2013,45,257,,9,3>Yes.  That's all I really have to say.  Yes to Tootie's.I stopped by last Saturday after the South Side Soup Contest to take advantage of $1 off sandwiches.  I didn't think I was hungry until I got home and started eating my Italian Beef sandwich.  And then I was sorry I didn't order 2.  The meat was juicy and flavorful and moistened the bread just enough.  If I still lived in the South Side, Tootie's would be seeing me way more often.Tootie's is not very big so don't plan on staying to dine in.  The menu only includes a few items, basically beef or sausage and different sizes depending on your appetite.  Any place that isn't another bar is a welcome addition to the South Side!
<review# 248,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/25/2013,7/23/2013,1891,388,2,3,3>You know that old saying? "Opinions are like butt holes, everyone has one." Well it's defiantly true of Peppi's. Some people hate it. Some people love it. I am a part of the later group. Peppi's is a Pittsburgh institution that unlike Primanti's hasn't sold out yet. This location is in a old diner and is rather divey but, who cares? Their food is as great as ever. F.Y.I. There is a small parking lot in the back. On this particular visit we all got cheese steaks to go. My wife and I both got New Yorker's. (steak hoagie with provolone and American cheeses, grilled onions and bacon and we added mushrooms). Our daughter got a regular cheese steak. Ten minutes later we were on our way. After smelling our hoagies during the whole torturous ride home we destroyed them as soon as we hit the door!They were just as good as ever! We all tried to eat just half but, the other half keep calling us so we put them out of their misery and eat the whole thing.
<review# 249,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/4/2013,7/22/2013,57,168,3,3,3>Described as "Chipotle for sushi", I was excited to try Sushi Fuku. I brought my daughter who loves sushi for lunch. The description is perfect. Pick bowl or wrap(seaweed instead of a burrito), pick rice(brown/white), pick your meat(they have cooked meats too), pick 3 veg, and then pick 2 sauces. There are a few other customizations available, but basically that's it. Could it be any more like Chipotle?Verdict: we loved it. I had a tuna and salmon bowl (it's a few bucks to get two meats) and my kiddo had a tuna roll. The rolls are enormous so she only finished 7/10 pieces. I finished about 5/6 of my bowl. The kiddo did have a bit of a problem with the size of the sushi pieces. She had to take multiple bites of each one so some of them fall apart. She's used to her food falling apart so she didn't mind, but I can see being annoyed by that.Incidentally, I am adding the "rice spreading machine" and roll cutting machine" to my Christmas list. Quite cool.Next time I'd like to try the cooked chicken and have a warm bowl.
<review# 250,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/8/2013,7/21/2013,73,461,2,3,2>I have dined at Roman Bistro at least three or four times since they opened last year. The restaurant fills a much needed niche that's above the local fast food chains and diner located next door. The location is convenient to Forest Hills residences, and though often almost filled, the parking lot usually has at least a couple spaces remaining.I personally enjoy the pizzettes. I have recently had both the Prosciutto E Arugula and Chicken & Artichoke, and both are very delicious. I also discovered last night that pizzettes are half off on Friday nights!Roman Bistro has a nice amount of beers on tap, and I am often undecided between a couple beers. Their mixed drinks have always been tasty and worth the money. I have tried the Mango Mojito, Milky Way Martini, and Espresso Martini and would order all three drinks again.I really like Roman Bistro and hope it's around for many years to come!
<review# 251,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/10/2014,5/5/2014,90,178,,5,3>Always busy, but for a good reason. They stock an enormous amount of pastries, cookies and cakes. My sister-in-law bought her wedding cake here and it was so beautiful moist and delicious. I was in search of some desserts for my wedding and I decided that this place would have the greatest selection. I've tasted several others too but overall oakmont has the greatest choices. I bought several cookies for tasting, a few pastries and a sample cupcake. The cookies are so soft and fresh. My favorite cookie is the thumbprint with the raspberry drop in the center. By far a great taste that's not too buttery but so soft and chewy. I love chewy cookies but there butterball has a slight crunch and is coated with powdered sugar. The brownie drop was soft and chewy as well but a little too thick for me, plus i'm no chocolate fan so maybe that advice doesn't count.The cupcake was GREAT!!! Soft cake batter with a suttle sweet flavor, center of raspberry/cream center. The icing was fluffy and not too heavy. I have a tooth that hurts sometimes when i eat something that's too sweet but the cupcake didn't upset my tooth at all. I was very happy about that.I will definitely be ordering at least 3 to 4 cookies for my wedding reception. I'm very happy this place came to mind. I would visit them more but gotta watch the weight ya know :)
<review# 252,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/22/2013,5/4/2014,147,143,2,5,3>I love good deli food.  I've purposefully searched down the best from Brooklyn, to Boston, to Boca and I haven't found a corned beef on rye that didn't agree with me.  Nu brings a fresh twist to old classics.  Not only do they do traditional deli well, they elevate the art form with a spark of creativity and fun I've never seen brought to deli fare.Any deli will serve you matzo balls and latkes, but only Nu will give you mini lake tots and "Jewish Penicillin" brisket stuffed matzo ball soup.  My friends got the reuben knishwich (A reuben on a croissant pastry bun), and the Neufalleta, a tangy chunky olive Tapenade muffulettas with classic deli turkey, meat, and Gouda, and a Challah Cristo, a juicy turkey monte cristo with swiss on french toast challah bread. We finished by sharing a killer chocolate desert bread topped off with gourmet salted caramel ice cream and cinnamon puff pastries donuts that had warm custard on the inside.  It's also BYOB, so you can wash down your meal with friends on the cheap.  The staff was also very friendly, and helpful with any questions and terminology.  I'd give them 6 stars if I could!Eating here felt like I had Matisyahu perform at my Bar Mitzvah, a fresh take on Jewish culture, with both respectful nods to the past, and a spark of revolution, with fresh, funky updates for the future.
<review# 253,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/16/2014,5/3/2014,11,42,3,6,5>I give a four star instead of three mainly because it's a nice place to hang out with friends. The interior is nice. I read the story about the location after seeing so many ancient checks on their wall. It's probably not a great place for dinner since the menu is so limited. However, most of the food is good. We probably ordered most items on the menu. We enjoyed almost all of them except for the pasta, which was undercooked and was still undercooked after we ask them to cook it again.I don't drink that much, so I cannot say how good their cocktails are. Some of the drinks are really tasty while some are quite interesting. I probably won't come back for their drinks given the price and how much I got.Btw, most of food highlighted on Yelp are gone!
<review# 254,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/22/2014,5/2/2014,39,326,2,6,5>Wow, it was very refreshing to walk into this coffee shop this morning. It was a beautiful morning, and I decided to simply walk around the neighborhood and stop in to a new place for a good cup of coffee. This place is unlike any other shop in the city: it's in such a cool unique space right on Penn, and I ironically enjoyed the whiteness and pure minimalistic design of the place. Simply furnished with a few simple tables and a bar in an older store-front (probably an older house), this place is all about the coffee. And it's great. I lived in Central America for almost two years and didn't have coffee this good. The young woman who owns the place - I think her name is Amy - was wonderful and incredibly educated about her coffee. We stood and talked for a few before things started to pick up. And I loved the other patrons that come in here. This is by far the hippest shop in Pittsburgh- frequented by the alternative and very Lawrenceville-y crowd. It was so hip that I felt like I didn't belong; but dammit, I'm coming in again as soon as possible!
<review# 255,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/12/2014,5/1/2014,70,74,,6,4>Since The Porch has opened I've been a fan, and will continue to be one, but it's necessary to point a few things out.First, I just learned that the happy hour $5 wine specials only apply if you're sitting at the bar.  Order the SAME glass of wine less than 10 feet from the bar and you will pay $9.  That's not really cool.What is cool is the bianca pizza.  Fig pizza with goat cheese might sound weird to some, but take a bite, and you'll fall in love.  The Porch makes a light thin crust pizza that is baked to perfection.  Served with a side of Parmesan cheese and roasted red peppers while topped with arugula makes you feel like you're not breaking your diet by indulging on pizza.  The design and layout makes The Porch an a-typical restaurant smack in the middle of a college campus.  Honestly, I don't think their target market is college students - there are plenty of places that do cater to them - The Porch is a great place for faculty, college staff, graduate students, and locals.  Come here in the spring or summer and enjoy the warm breeze when they open the garage door walls to overlook Schenley Plaza with a shadow of the Cathedral of Learning casting over.
<review# 256,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/18/2014,4/30/2014,53,7,3,8,4>Let me start by saying that since I heard about Pizza Cono almost two weeks ago, I have literally been talking about it nonstop. I've been telling everyone how excited I was to try a pizza cone. Everyone. I have been as giddy as a school girl (to an annoying degree. Just ask my boyfriend.)Tonight was finally the night! Justin took me to Pizza Cono to try it out. There were two gentleman working behind the counter and they were super nice. It's clear that the restaurant is very new and still working out the kinks, the large menu they have posted has changed and we used a menu that was on a laptop. They will have printed menus soon. They have a a wide variety of different pizza cones to choose from, although they are still missing a few ingredients for some of the cones. I got a Pepperoni Cone (pepperoni, marinara & cheese) and Justin got the Mafia Cone (pepperoni, bacon, sausage, marinara & cheese) and they were both really good. The crust was warm, the cheese was melty (but not messy) and it was easy enough to eat. I think it would be nice to grab one and window shop on Murray or Forbes. They were made-to-order and took about 10 minutes to come out, which was a little longer than I expected and I do worry about the timing if they were busier. For dessert, we each got a Nutella Cone, which was similar to the Pizza Cones, but was a puff pastry-eque cone filled with nutella and topped with whipped cream. It was so good. It was a little messy there at the end, but I didn't care. You could put Nutella on cardboard and I'd probably eat it. The atmosphere is interesting. The decor does leave a little to be desired, but since they are just starting out, it doesn't bother me too much. They were playing some kick-ass music, I heard Adele, N*SYNC, and even some Shaggy. I was not mad about the music. All in all, my Pizza Cono experience was everything I wanted it to be. I will definitely be back. I think this little company has a lot of potential and I can't wait to see them grow.
<review# 257,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/30/2014,4/29/2014,143,349,,5,4>I thought about rating this a 4 but then I couldn't think of anything to have made my experience/meal any better!  I ordered the black tiger shrimp which were topped/stuffed with this creamy spinach and artichoke mixture.  You get 4 large shrimps and this is more than enough because of the richness of the dish.  There's risotto in the center of the dish which just adds to the richness and comfort of having this entree on a cold evening.  The shrimp were perfectly cooked and while I thought some bites were a bit too cream-cheesy for my taste...I think it's more me than the dish.  The waitress also warned me that this dish is filling as I was debating on whether to get the shrimp or Bay of Fundy Salmon.  She mentioned the salmon is a bit lighter while the shrimp is a heavier dish.  I could only finish 3 of the shrimp and while I'm sure I could have managed to get the last one down I did want to save some room for dessert.I'm glad the last shrimp didn't make its way in to my mouth because the Bananas Foster Napoleon would have been a crime to miss!  The caramel sauce, vanilla cream, bananas and pastry dough was heavenly.  My only "complaint" if you could even call it that, was that I wish that the pastry was a bit more melt-in-your-mouth like butter type of flaky.  Bistro 19 is not to be missed!
<review# 258,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/2/2014,4/28/2014,27,73,,5,4>I haven't had a korean food for such a long time since my last visit at Sushi Kim, which I swear never to go back again.Like the previous reviewer mentioned - this place is "waaay" understaffed and hopefully the owners will recognize this issue and at least have one extra employee during peak hours before it's too late.The prices for the bbq seemed a bit high especially for the amount served but the rest at least for me seemed reasonable.So far, I've been here twice and both times the food has been great but the service as usual a little slower - not because they were unattentive or bad , it's just that there were only two people working upfront as a server, buss er and a host.If you're looking to get a quick bite - then this may not be the ideal place to get one. Just saying...
<review# 259,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/18/2014,4/27/2014,95,245,5,2,2>When I go to heaven, they will have a Sephora with D's Six Pax's Beer Cave in the back.  And I will be happy.I LOVE this place!  I'd love to take my beer loving father here but i'm afraid his heart would give out with excitement.  If its a good brew, it lives here!  I FREAKING LOVE this place.  Can you tell I'm enthusiastic about it?  I recommend you dine here.The food is good, I like the black and blue burger, but they have just about any kind of hotdog combination you can dream up.  I really love that you can walk back into the beer cave and pick out your beer, and they offer cool chillers for it.Here's the best hike in Pittsburgh:  Hike in Frick Park.  take the Falls Ravine trail until you come out near the bridge.  Walk across the bridge.  At Ryan's Pub, turn right and walk straight ofr awhile.  You'll come to D's Six Pack and Dogs.  You will be READY for a beer, bc its a hike.  But that is the point of hiking.  Eat delicious food and drink beer.  Call a friend to come pick you up and take you home.  The End.In fact, its a damn shame they dont offer a gift registry.  Because I would register for beer.  I would.  No judgement.
<review# 260,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/11/2014,4/26/2014,100,241,,5,4>I cannot express how amazing Bella Christie has been throughout my wedding planning process. I had a vision of square cupcakes to mimic wedding cake slices while still allowing different flavor options and unique decorations and they made it happen. Another local bakery refused to buy square pans and even refused my offer to buy them for the bakery! It was pretty shocking, so when Bella Christie said "no problem," I knew this was a great place!We planned a tasting day with ease at the Aspinwall location. All of the cupcake flavors we tried, Black & White, Red Velvet, Salted Caramel, Vegan Vanilla Funfetti, Almond Torte and Raspberry Lemon, were to die for. We brought a few different tasters along to see if everyone would be pleased, and they were. We couldn't choose only 3 so we ended up getting all of the flavors!Allergen free information: The Bella Christie team made me an allergen-free cake that was moist and delicious. I couldn't believe how good it was considering it was free of: gluten, soy, eggs, nuts, apples and bananas. They even made me a few fruit compotes to try with the cakes. I was so impressed! I highly recommend them if you have food allergies or dietary restrictions. They can also make vegan cakes as well as dairy free icings.
<review# 261,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/2/2010,6/25/2011,50,210,4,5,5>I've been to a number of University of Pittsburgh football games here, though no Steeler's games yet.  The view is awesome, and you can see Mount Washington and the Pittsburgh downtown skyline in the distance.  The stadium is well-maintained and easy to get around in.  It is rare that college team gets to play at a professional football stadium.  If you have prepurchased parking, there are some parking lots right near the stadium.  If you don't have prepaid parking, it seems like the thing to do is park downtown, and cross the Roberto Clemente Bridge.  When Pitt gets into the Red Zone of the opposing team (within the twenty yard line), the two large ketchup bottles at the top of the Jumbotron pour out ketchup onto the Jumbotron, where it says "Heinz Red Zone".  Wow.  Talk about commercialization.  Next thing you know, whenever Pitt falls behind, the Jumbotron will start showing "Catchup, Catchup."  Best highlights of every Pitt game: - third Quarter rendition of Sweet Caroline with interjections of "Let's Go Pitt" or "Go Pitt, Go Pitt, Go PItt"- students doing air lifts or whatever they are called the number of points Pitt has- students going crazy with excitement when they are shown on the JumbotronIt's definitely worth the visit.  Go Pitt!
<review# 262,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/27/2011,6/24/2011,36,216,3,5,3>Hooray for another dessert option in Squirrel Hill, and bonus points for providing something other than ice cream/fro-yo and cupcakes (I love those things, but more variety is good). This is in the space of the former Dozen Cupcakes, so it's quite small. There are three stools and three little counters towards the back of the shop if you want to eat there.The waffles are quite good--gotta love the crunchy bits of pearlized sugar. If you're taking them to go, the best way is to order them plain, as Vikram's already said. I ordered mine with speculoos spread, which is this gingerbread-flavored spread--delicious, but not really portable.  I wouldn't get too crazy with the toppings even if you are eating in, because then the waffle goodness gets lost. But if you really, really want to load on your toppings, one of the waffle varieties you can order allows for an unlimited amount of toppings.I love waffles, and I'm glad they've arrived in Squirrel Hill, saving me trips to either Shadyside/East Liberty (Oh Yeah! and The Waffle Shop) or Point Breeze (for Point Brugge's brunch).
<review# 263,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,1/5/2011,6/23/2011,48,44,7,4,4>It's very hard to get a drink at Double Wide's.  First you enter the restaurant and are made to wait at a hostess stand while the host or hostess ignores your party.  Then when you decide to go sit at the bar because you are tired of waiting around like a fucking asshole; you sit and sit and no amount of gesturing or gesticulation directed at the bartender yields your drink.  Meanwhile the bartender(s) are either updating their Twitter, "I'm like, so @ work right now, LOL!!!", chatting with their bff on Facers, or texting away like it's the first time they ever had a cell phone.  When you finally do get your drink, you better not drink it too quickly or by the time the bartender comes back around, your bleached bones will resemble a skeleton in the Sahara.  Went in for lunch during the work week one time; big mistake.  First the whole getting told to wait at the hostess stand, in an empty restaurant, while she disappears for an inordinate amount of time.  Then the whole "we have no regard for the fact that you might have to get back to work, so we're to take an hour and a half to complete the process." Seriously Double Wides, you've never had lunch customers that have to get back to work?  Lunch is about getting in and getting out, not about dessert drinks and seconds on pecan pie. Now, I'm not just being a gigantic malcontent for no reason.  I've been to Double Wides about 20 times and its always the same shite service.  Why do I keep subjecting myself to their lazy ways?  Well, the food is really good with a definite Southern flare.  Plus, if you can get a drink, they have an excellent beer selection and two awesome drink specials: $2.75 Jagers (anytime) and "Breakfast" one Tecate and one tequilla shot for $5.25.  SOLID.  So Double Wides, stop hiring these hipster jerks that won't take your customer's drink orders and streamline the seating process; it's annoying as hell to get ignored.  Oh, and one more thing.  Get your science right about fraqing.  Nothing is happening to the drinking water.  Fraqing happens at 7500', the water table is at less than 1000' nothing is matriculating up through a mile of rock.  Naturally occurring methane (coal) is to blame for whatever wad the felonious Gaslands documentary has gotten your panties into.  GO GAS!
<review# 264,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/20/2011,6/22/2011,15,21,9,10,6>I just docked a star from my review of BRGR. There's a new sheriff in town, and he's telling BRGR to suck it. My brain is still spinning from so much awesome, so I'm going to have to enumerate everything I love about Burgatory. 1. Someone at Burgatory stole my iPod and hit 'shuffle'. I spent as much time singing along as I did chatting with my friends. Either my taste is becoming progressively more mainstream as I get older or there are some very cool (and aggressively non-hipster, I hope) people in charge of the music.2. Spiked milkshakes. Spiked Milkshakes. SPIKED MILKSHAKES. Heavens, what was I thinking when I foamed at the mouth over BRGR's? I wasn't thinking. I hadn't yet experienced Burgatory's Apple Pancake and Bacon shake. Did you absorb all the Awesome in that shake's name? Again: Apple. Pancake. Bacon. There's also alcohol in there, but it's almost secondary to the chunks of apple and bacon floating in the heavenly swirls of Happy. The whipped cream tasted homemade and worked surprisingly well with the slice of bacon (A SLICE OF BACON!) adorning the side of the glass. Oh, heavens. I'm having heart palpitations just thinking about how amazing it was. My friends' milkshakes were equally swoon-worthy: the bourbon and caramel soaked Grandad's Secret and the rummy banana goodness of Monkey Business.  3. The menu burgers were insanely creative, and unlike BRGR, you can create your own masterpieces. A little gouda here, some Kona rub there; Cabernet sauce here, applewood bacon there. The possibilities are endless... and DELICIOUS. The only area Burgatory seems to fail is with well-done burgers. A little too dry. But not enough to take away from the overall experience. And even if the burgers totally sucked, the milkshakes would've made up for it. Seriously. I would go to the restaurant just to drink myself into ice-creamy oblivion. Word of warning: because Burgatory is still in its infancy, it gets packed very, very quickly. We waited over 75 minutes for our seats. And every minute was worth it.
<review# 265,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/30/2011,6/21/2011,116,36,6,9,10>This café is the reason I like to wander backstreets for hours on end, because when you find a gem like this, all those hours are worth it. Every single one. The only thing, literally, the *one* thing that makes me not want to yelp this place, is that I'm afraid I won't get  the owner's undivided attention when I go back and it's packed. So I sat down in the dining room, completely alone. Some Ben Harper came on and the chef/owner/waiter handed me a menu. He asked me what I was in the mood for and I rattled off random thoughts (filling but not heavy and a little spice perhaps?)...I ended up getting a cranberry sausage dish smothered in a sweet sauce with hits of cayenne and topped with brie. I know, I know, food porn. It was even better than it sounds. Not one flavor was overpowering so every bite was a perfectly balanced little world.The owner hung out with me after cooking and we talked about his travels (roasted goat in Africa is where it's at!) and future menu plans (gorgonzola cheese cake topped with bacon!). We agreed that if the world ever runs out of bacon you can throw us in the river because who wants to live without the sweetest of all meats? Everything (including an ice tea) was under $15. The menu is probably best classified as "New American" or "Modern American."It was nice (it was better than nice, it was awesome) to find real foodie dishes being served in a relaxed atmosphere where I felt comfortable walking in off the street in my lazy Sunday clothes.And next time I'm getting the deep friend gnocchi because that's so genius it can't be ignored.
<review# 266,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/2/2011,6/20/2011,27,88,,9,4>Pittsburgh Public Market is quickly becoming Pittsburgh's source for all that is local. Even in the winter the place is bustling on the weekends, selling all kinds of locally made wares.My favorite booth, and the one you see first when entering, is Crested Duck Charcuterie. They sell all kinds of handmade cured meats, cheeses and sausages. I picked up a pound of their REAL (that means no dyes or artificialness) hickory smoked bacon. I told the man behind the counter to slice it as thick as is appropriate for bacon and what I got was so far beyond anything you could buy in a grocery store. It was delicious.Grass fed beef, eggs from free range hens--it's all here. In fact, there's a lot here that you aren't looking for, and just kind of stumble into such as Kombucha. It caught my eye and when the woman behind the counter explained what it was, I had to have it. Essentially, it's a fermented tea drink that's someone between tea, wine and beer.Homemade pierogies are sold at the far wall and the lady will practically toss a sample into your hands. They're crispy and delicate, a far cry from the frozen variety you buy from Giant Eagle.If you have a sweet tooth, you'll have a hard time deciding where to sooth it. There are at least three booths selling some incredibly tasty looking baked goods.As I said earlier, I can't wait to see this place in the summer when it's harvesting time and I can't wait to go back for some eggs and meat from a town I can actually drive to!
<review# 267,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/6/2011,6/19/2011,100,138,3,8,3>Finally got a chance to eat here and I'm pleased. The burger itself was probably the best tasting burger I've had in town. I got it well done and it wasn't burnt to a crisp or dried out. I like the bread they use. I requested crispy bacon and they did not disappoint. I believe there were 3 slices of bacon too, a lot of places skimp and only give you two. My only gripe was the white cheddar cheese I got was bland...I might request an extra slice next time.The fries were nothing to write home about, and not really worth $4 extra IMO. I'll try the onion rings next time. I got a salted caramel (non-alc) milkshake and it was pretty amazing (thanks to Dave & Andy's ice cream) and plenty big enough to share. Our service was very friendly. The decor is great.My only major dislike of the place is that they say no substitutions or additions to their burgers. The recipes all sound great, but I'm a rather picky person. My husband had the Shrooms burger, but he thinks it would be great with blue cheese instead of brie. Well, no can do. There's nothing wrong with having unique recipes that you don't want to mess with, but I think if you're going to do that you should also have an a la carte, build your own burger option.I likely won't come back again on a Sunday afternoon though because there were way too many kids in here. Why do people bring their kids here? Come on, it's expensive. Go to Applebee's or something so we adults can enjoy a nice adult atmosphere. Good grief.
<review# 268,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/5/2011,6/17/2011,192,893,9,14,13>For years now, I have been telling my boyfriend about my hopes and dreams in life.  One that kept coming up, time and time again, was that I wanted to hug a penguin someday.  I was resigned to the fact that this would never happen - where on earth would I possibly be able to hug a penguin?  Antarctica?  Not going there.  Zoos - yeah, they have gates separating me from the huggable waddlers.  So it was just another dream destined to never come true - until my 26th birthday when my boyfriend presented me with two tickets to the Penguin Encounter at the National Aviary.I was so childishly excited when we arrived at the Aviary one Saturday.  We were early for the penguin encounter, so we explored the rest of the Aviary first.  I was surprised at how delightful and interesting it was - yeah it's just birds, but like - who knew birds could be so cool?  It's essentially a zoo for birds, which sounds boring, but it is not!My favorite part (besides the penguins) was going in the tropical habitat room.  This trainer gathered up a big crowd of us and did a feeding demonstration which was awesome.  Only kids got to be participants - well, it was an unspoken rule, but how dumb would I look standing up there with a bunch of 5 year olds - so that was a bummer.  But wow - watching these kids throw a grape in the air and this beautiful multicolored bird swoops down to catch it.  Birds were rushing past me so fast I felt a breeze by my ears.  The air was just buzzing with life, and the trainer was really knowledgeable and gave us a great, interactive show.When it was time for the Penguin Encounter, i was thrilled to hear that we were the only two signed up that day.  Technically as many as 8 people can do it at a time, and I would've been so furious if there were 6 dumb kids getting all up on my penguin time, but fortunately that was not the case.  We were brought to a classroom, and sat on some low benches close to the ground.  We heard some weird honking sounds coming from behind a partition.A few minutes later, a trainer (Chris, I think?) came in, and opened a door to a little cage where our new penguin friend Elvis had been hiding.  Apparently he had been honking to alert us to his presence, and perhaps to ascertain whether or not we were also penguins (nope).  Elvis waddled around us for a while, rather disinterested, but he LOVED his trainer.  He kept plummeting into Chris's lap in this really hilarious way, flapping his wings with the sheer delight of being so close to his buddy.  To keep him still, Chris had to put a hand on his beak, and then Elvis chilled out enough for us to be able to pet him.  He was feathery, not surprisingly, and a very cute little guy.  Whenever Chris let go of him, he'd just sort of wander around and sometimes start heading away from us until Chris would go "hey!  where do you think you're going?" and he'd waddle back.  Chris told us lots about penguins while Elvis tolerated our attention.After a while, Chris put Elvis on a table and we got to take some pictures with him.  I still hadn't gotten my penguin hug, so at one point I moved in a little closer to Elvis and he sort of tried to beak my face, as if to say "back it up lady, we just met!"  Learned that penguins don't really like to be hugged, and they mostly just tolerate being petted (unless you are their beloved trainer).After the photo op, we went outside with Chris and watched him put Elvis back in the penguin enclosure.  We watched him swim around in a showoffy manner for a while before we left.  It was a SUPER cool thing to be one-on-one with a wild animal (and an adorable one at that), but sadly my dream of hugging a penguin is not yet realized.  But maybe I should stop wanting wild animals to be like house pets, and just be content that I got to pet him at all!Super fun day - definitely recommend the Aviary in general, and the Penguin Connection if you are a fan of the silly creatures!
<review# 269,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/20/2013,11/11/2013,37,201,,4,3>Tasty and fun!We went here a few weeks back for a birthday party, and were impressed with the quality of the food, the friendliness of the staff, and the overall ambience. Pizzas are the bomb here - they come out fast, and taste marvelous. Wait staff were truly helpful and friendly, and they were extremely attentive.The location is great - you can hang out on the grass at Schenley Plaza and then dart in for a quick bite to eat. Will definitely be back.
<review# 270,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/5/2013,11/10/2013,60,584,2,2,2>I stopped by here earlier today with my father for lunch.  Not too long ago I had been here with a Yelp party and was lucky enough to taste some of their oysters and shrimp with the Oysters Rockefeller and shrimp both being delicious.  Since my dad likes a good fish, I decided that I would take him sometime for lunch.  We were seated immediately upon entering the restaurant and given the choice to sit inside or outside.  I chose inside even though it was pretty much the same as being outside.  You see, they have a garage door type device so that the restaurant opens onto the street.  With the perfect weather today, my dad and I both enjoyed our seats.For lunch we decided to start off our meal with the lobster bisque fries.  It is exactly what you would expect from a name like that, a bunch of fries on a plate with a decent helping of lobster bisque dumped over them.  The bisque tasted awesome and I was pretty happy about the large chunks of lobster that were sitting on top of the fries.  While the fries tasted nicely too, I wasn't as big of a fan of how soggy some of them got.  Even so I enjoyed the inventiveness and taste of it.  For my entree I decided to have the shrimp po boy and chose the buffalo aioli to go with it while my dad went with the fried cod sandwich.  Both dishes came with a side of fries that looked like they were freshly cut. My sandwich was pretty good and I enjoyed the buffalo aioli but I think still think that it lacked something.  So while I liked it, I honestly can't say that I loved it.  My dad did say that he really enjoyed his sandwich as the fish was good. I should also note that our server was also very friendly to us and helped to make our experience nice.The bottom line for me is that I would head back here again in the future.  While nothing during today's lunch jumped out at me as amazing and today's lunch on its own would be 3 stars, I do know that there shrimp here is very good, so maybe I just ordered badly?  In any case, I do think that it is worth stopping by to give a try.
<review# 271,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/19/2013,11/9/2013,142,165,4,4,3>Checked this place out on a Sunday night with a friend from college, and a co-resident.  Food (8.0/10) = started off with the Jamaican jerk chicken wing appetizers.  When I go back to kaya, this is all I'm going to order.  Absolutely loved it.  The cilantro cream sauce is the best.  I was scraping the plate with the edge of my knife trying to get every ounce of that sauce.  If I wasn't dining with my friends, I would've licked the plate clean like a dog.  Also ordered the fish tacos since it was the most mentioned item on yelp.  The fish itself was nicely done.  Tilapia.  Crispy.  Moist.  Soft.  The only thing weird about the flavor profile was the thousand island dressing in the taco.   It wasn't bad...just felt out of place?  The quantity was a bit overboard as well.  3 big tacos on a platter for $17.  Two tacos would've been just perfect.  This seems to be a recurring formula for restaurant success in Pittsburgh = large quantities of food per order (other examples:  Pamela's, Church Brew).  Ambiance (7.0/10) = we sat outside.  Strip district is really dead at night.  First time I visited the strip at night.  The surroundings felt like a post-apocalyptic movie, such as I am Legend with Will Smith.Service (7.5/10) = felt a little awkward whenever our waitress interacted with us.  Not sure what it was.  She was still nice though.  Overall opinion = fish tacos (most mentioned item on Yelp) is done well by the folks at Kaya, but that thousand island dressing...it bothers me.  If you haven't had it, I'd still try it out.  The real winner, the gold medalist, the award winning dish of Kaya has to be the Jamaican Jerk Chicken wings.  The skin is crispy.  The wings are juicy.  And that amazing cilantro cream sauce!  The folks at Kaya should consider opening up a small wings shop in Oakland, just selling this one dish and beer.  The college kids would eat this up.
<review# 272,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/3/2013,11/8/2013,41,207,2,6,2>Having to find a new stylist when you move to a new town can be a little scary, but I got lucky finding Metamorphosis for my first haircut in the Burgh.They're currently in a temporary location at 43rd and Butler St due to a fire at their "home", located further up Butler. While it's sad that the fire took place, I'm happy with their temporary location, closer to the heart of what's happening in Lawrenceville.Since I'm not very good at planning ahead for haircuts, I was happy they could get me in on a Saturday morning when I called the same week. The Aveda products they use are great--love the fragrances and that they are all-natural. Also loved the music that played while I was there, from Florence & the Machine to more obscure indy artists.It was $45 for my cut (think this varies depending on your stylist), which was probably a tad higher than it was worth, but I tipped well because of the nice scalp massage during the shampoo.
<review# 273,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/30/2013,11/7/2013,580,275,7,10,11>This is my favorite Monte Cello's in the Pittsburgh area, and it a staple.  It's not the best pizza ever, but it's pretty good for Pittsburgh.  There isn't really any atmosphere, and there is always a kids baseball team in here celebrating a win.  The service is standard, but the food is good.  Food thoughts:Buffalo Chicken Pizza:  My favorite take on this pizza.  It's spicy and tangy, but it's not so spicy that you can't eat multiple pieces.  Just the right amount of spicy.  The chicken is decent quality, but it's mostly little shredded pieces.Meatballs:  My dad always orders a side of meatballs, and they're really good.Lunch Buffet:  Good on a busy day.  Sometimes there aren't many people so the pizza sits a bit, but I still like it.  They have really good brownies on the buffet too. Mmm.Essentially, I've never had anything bad here, and I've tried pretty much everything once.  It's a family style pizza place, and it's a good option in the area.
<review# 274,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/5/2013,11/6/2013,33,416,,2,2>I definitely enjoyed my experience here. You can tell the staff is passionate about BBQ in their willingness to explain the menu and patience in allowing customers to try all of their housemade sauces.The sauces are more spiced than sauces typically found in Pittsburgh which tend to be creamy or ketchup. They also have spicy (hot) versions of a couple of the sauces for those who like an extra kick.As for food, I ended up trying the pulled pork, the beef brisket, the baby back ribs, and the mac'n'cheese. All of the meats were juicy and the ribs fell off the bone.Overall, Yinzburgh does not fall short on flavor.
<review# 275,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/1/2013,11/5/2013,101,91,4,6,2>Cafe Du Jour is hands down one of my favorite restaurants in Pittsburgh.  I recommend it to all my friends and any visitors to the area. The place is tiny and so is the menu, but you will have an amazing dining experience if you follow the following recommendations:First, always make a reservation, especially in the winter.  In the warmer months, the best place to sit is outside, where they have several tables set up in a beautiful garden. There is a lovely fountain and pond in the back, where a few turtles play. I like turtles.  In the winter, indoor seating is limited to a handful of tables.  Second, I recommend eating earlier in the evening.  Due to their galley-size kitchen, Du Jour sometimes runs out of ingredients for some of their dishes by late night. Third, bring plenty of cash and your choice of beer or wine. Did you know the former comes in pints? There's a $2 stem charge for each person in your party. Lastly, bring a wizard with you when dining on the patio.  I know, I know.  Long have you desired to look upon the kings of old.  But you never travel through Argonath without some protection from orcs.  (Lost? See my picture). In all seriousness, make sure the waitstaff lights the candles because at some of the outdoor tables, bugs can be a nuisance. Now to the food. Du Jour has the best spinach dip in town.  If the place wasn't so tiny, I would go just to eat the dip.  It is served with freshly baked bread, so give it a minute to cool down before you tuck in or else you'll end up with burnt tastebuds.  All of their standard entrees are excellent, especially the strip steak, salmon, and eggplant rolls.  But do try the daily specials!  If you and your fellow diners can't decide what to order, I recommend getting a few different entrees and splitting them up.  There's more than enough to share.  Don't leave without hearing their dessert offerings.  The flourless chocolate cake is especially good. Cafe Du Jour is open Tuesday-Saturday 5pm-10pm.  They used to offer lunch a few years back, but alas, not anymore.  No more elevensies for me.
<review# 276,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/25/2013,11/4/2013,18,14,1,2,2>If someone has not heard of Le Mardi Gras, I just assume they aren't well versed in Pittsburgh drinking culture. This is one of the best bars in the city. Their drinks are remarkably strong, easily on par with Lefty's in the Strip. As a matter of fact, I really don't recommend having more than four or five Mardi Gras cocktails. They will kick your ass.This is one of the only bars in the city where I will walk in and just tell the bartender to make whatever whiskey drink he feels like making. I realize this might not sound like a big deal, but I have serious trust issues when it comes to bars. There are only about twenty six bars worldwide where I will even consider ordering  a Manhattan or a Martini. One of the best kept Le Mardi Gras secrets is that on Sunday they offer free food to their patrons. Even though we visited on a Thursday, the owner, Rich, was kind enough to put some food out for us. These little touches are what make Mardi Gras more than just a bar.Here are some of my favorite Le Mardi Gras features: smoking, table top pacman, excellent juke box, fantastic bartenders, intimate seating, dark ominous ambiance and lively patrons. According to Le Mardi Gras' website they've also hosted a variety of celebrities including Rocky Marciano, Harvey Kietel, Sammy Koufax, Sam McDowell, Billy Conn, Alice Cooper, George Clooney, Russell Crowe and Ted Danson.
<review# 277,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/6/2013,11/3/2013,19,12,,4,3>This is a perfect example of what a breakfast diner can be: excellent breakfasts in huge portions for cheap. I had the western omlet and will be getting it or another omlet again soonThe coffee was good, totally serviceable diner coffee. The waitress was wonderfully friendly and hopping around from table to table. The food was excellent. The ambience was exactly right for a diner. It was packed. The wait was not nearly as long as I was expecting. 10 minutes maybe.Totally recommended. Come hungry.
<review# 278,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/25/2013,11/2/2013,16,8,,4,3>My wife and I went there last night for our anniversary. Not knowing what to expect as we heard good things we were very impressed. The restaurant has a very nice décor, very clean and the staff were excellent! After looking over the menu we decided to try the mushroom crapes and crispy duck fresee' salad for starters; both were delectable! For the main course everything looked so good that we asked to have the chef choose 2 dishes for us. One was a duck and the other was a beef dish, he couldn't have made better choices. Neither of them would have been what we would have chosen on the menu so we were glad we asked him to choose. For the deserts we asked for the chef to chose two and both were excellent, one was a Crème Brule and the other an apple tort with ice cream, YUMMY!! The staff were so nice and very responsive. The chef came out and introduced himself and I have to say my hats off to Chris the chef!!We would definitely recommend Restaurant Echo as it is easy to get to, great food and great service!! Kudos to Echo for making our anniversary a memorable one!
<review# 279,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/9/2012,9/28/2012,19,76,2,3,3>I had originally heard of Carmi's though a Groupon that I purchased several months ago.  Because it's slightly out of the way of my usual stomping grounds and quite frankly, some parts of the North Side can be rather scary, I had put off going there.  Yesterday as my PIC (Partner In Cuisine) and I found ourselves heading in the direction of the North Side, we decided to finally use the Groupon.  As it turns out, Carmis is on a lovely little street on the far end of a nice park in the heart of urban revitalization.  Not nearly as scary as the news makes the area out to be!My first impression of the place was that the decor was rather dated and the restaurant itself was completely empty so I was bit nervous about eating there, but I was determined to use that Groupon.  We were greeted and seated at one of the many booths by a very friendly young lady named Margaret, who also happened to be our server.  Both my PIC and I ordered the ribs meal after much deliberation over their extensive menu.  With the meals, we each got a soup or salad, two sides and a VERY generous portion of homemade corn bread.  For my starter, I got the chicken and dumplings soup and my PIC got the salad.  The soup was rich and delicious, but the salad left something to be desired (and only two dressing options).  Our main courses consisted of fries, greens, and candied yams along with three spare ribs.  The greens and yams were both homemade and excellent, but the fries were just typical frozen variety (not bad, not great).  I was a bit worried when the ribs came because there were only three and ribs aren't that meaty, but my worries were proven unfounded as I was unable to finish my last rib.  The sauce on the ribs was sweet and tangy and the meat was cooked to perfections, but the ribs themselves were a bit gristly.  The cornbread was buttery, sweet, and overall full of awesomeness.  Margaret made the entire experience exceptional by providing good conversation and suggestions for what we should order.  As far as the restaurant being empty, by the end of our meal, about six tables ended up filling and more people were coming in as we left.  Ultimately, I'd give Carmis a 4 1/2 out of 5 if Yelp would allow that because while the prices were acceptable and the sides were superb, the salad and meat weren't the best I've had.  After we left, we walked around the area for a bit and as it turns out, Carmi's is extremely close to Heinz Field so if you find yourself in the area for a game, I'd suggest giving it a go...even without a Groupon.
<review# 280,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/24/2012,9/27/2012,44,78,1,12,3>Please go before this gem shuts down!!!!  There are only 4 reviews so far and they are all good - and rightfully so.  Come on people!  This place is awesome and needs some support in Dormont!My husband and I went here after trying to get drinks at Cain's - which I love, but for some reason, no one would serve us.  So we headed over to Asian heaven aka Katana.  It's very pretty inside - not what you are expecting on this end of West Liberty.  They sat us in the front window near the tables for hibachi, but far enough way that the roaring cooking noises would be distracting.  We decided to get both hibachi and sushi to try it out - and we are so glad we did!  J had the special dragon roll - spicy tuna inside, lobster salad and jalepeno outside.  He also got the phoenix roll which was awesome.  I had the shrimp and scallop hibachi.  First comes the typical, but always awesome salad with ginger dressing and the bowl of miso soup.  Then comes a massive plate heaped with giant scallops, huge shrimp, more crunchy vegetables than I could handle and delicious fried rice.  The sauces were excellent and a bit different than I have had other places.  When they bring your check, they also bring some fruit sliced up which is a nice addition to the bill. All in all - some of the best sushi in the city and some delicious hibachi make this a worthwhile place to try - and help out.  Keep Katana open and stop by :)
<review# 281,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/9/2012,9/26/2012,23,147,,9,3>Finally, after four years in Pittsburgh, I found a real Hispanic grocery store, and it comes with a real taco stand.  I've been grudgingly going to a well-known place in the Strip that charges 20-50% more for a not-so-great selection, but I shall shop there no more now that I've found Las Palmas.  Fully stocked grocery store with great produce (huge pile of tomatillos) and meat - everything you need to make that recipe you found in your favorite Diana Kennedy cookbook.  (Cheap Inca Kola!  Found my fix.)Most of you are more interested in the tacos, and I'll confirm that you can't go wrong there, either.  Real tacos - I tried puerco, barbacoa, and asada.  All were very good; the pork was exceptional - muy rica.  These are the real deal for street tacos, too - just like what I found in Atlanta and San Diego in past lives.  Only $2 (never pay $3 for a taco), and they're stuffed with easily twice as much fillin's as what you'll get at any other taco place in town.  (Note to their competition: tacos shouldn't be huge, but they're not appetizers, either.  I'm tired of eating three at the trendier places and still being hungry.  Four with no sides should completely stuff an adult male.)  The "fixin's" station is nice, too - faster and easier than having to wait on "the guy" to put it on.Four stars for the grocery store and five for the taco stand.  (...And the grocery store takes credit cards.  Hint, hint to all the local shops/restaurants that don't.)
<review# 282,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/13/2012,9/25/2012,71,342,,10,3>From the first time I checked out Visitpittsburgh.com, I knew I wanted to see the Cathedral of Learning.  I love architecture, history and culture so to visit a place that combined all three was going to be thrilling!  The Cathedral of Learning itself was interesting architecturally.  It is one of the tallest classroom buildings in the world and the descriptions show stunning features similar to the late Gothic revival style.  It also contains the Nationality Rooms.  The Nationality Rooms are classrooms designed to represent the culture of various ethnic groups that settled in Allegheny County.  What made them a must see this trip was the fact that each would be decorated according to the Christmas/holiday traditions of that culture.  When we pulled open the doors and ventured into the building, I quickly saw why the building was called "Cathedral."  I felt as if I had been transported to one of the grand cathedrals of Europe.When we checked in for the tour, I was a bit surprised at the "technology" that they offered.  In today's day of podcasts, iPods and digital everything, we were handed a cassette player circa 1990.  That just added to the entertainment factor of the morning as we raced to make sure we pressed 'stop' at the appropriate time in each room.  For $3, you receive a map of the rooms, the key that gets you in to all of the rooms and the audio cassette tour.  As we unlocked and opened each door, I never failed to gasp in awe and say "wow, that is amazing" or "how incredibly beautiful."  It was interesting to learn about the culture of each country and even more incredible to see the traditional holiday customs on display.  Each room had a sheet that described the holiday decor and the traditions that went along with it.  It was fun to test our knowledge of certain cultures and customs and learn more about those that we were not familiar with.  Room after room I was impressed with the attention to detail and uniqueness of each space.  Dramatic colors, stained glass windows, student and professor chairs, paintings and murals and even blackboards all tied back into the theme and time period of the room.  In about two hours, we had travelled around the world without even leaving Pittsburgh!  We visited Czechoslovakia, Italy, Germany, Hungary, Poland, Ireland, Lithuania, Romania, Sweden, China, Greece, Scotland, Yugoslavia, England, France, Russia and Syria/Lebanon.  Unfortunately, due to time constraints (and the amount we had put in the parking meter) we didn't have time to visit the third floor classrooms of Austria, Japan, Armenia, India, Africa, Israel or the Ukraine.  It was a bit disappointing to not see it all, but at the same time, I am excited to go back and experience the rooms all over again - this time bringing my camera.  To cap off the experience, there is a gift shop that features items that originate from many of the countries featured in the classrooms.
<review# 283,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/7/2012,9/24/2012,86,173,2,3,1>Probably the best movie theatre in Pittsburgh. I love that they have a full bar - I got a "Cool Hand Cuke" or something like that; it tasted a little watered down but I cannot say I've had a better drink anywhere else in Squirrel Hill. The seating is super comfortable and the arm rests can be lifted for cuddling. Although I would not have traded my popcorn for anything, it might be a good idea for them to offer some gourmet non-traditional snacks, but not necessary. There are plenty of dining options around to hit up before or after your movie and the existence of those and a movie theatre should remain symbiotic. Limited, but selective film runs tend to cater to the borderline mainstream crowd and aspiring intellectuals.
<review# 284,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/10/2012,9/23/2012,64,202,2,2,2>so i went here to be a hair model for a coloring class and was so impressed! my stylist, margeaux, was friendly, knowledgable, and talented. once i was seated in the chair, she offered me water and as i was getting my hair colored, another stylist offered me a brownie (who can turn that down?!). we talked about what color i wanted to go and the process began. margeaux was quick and efficient and the hair washing (always my favorite part) felt amazing! she blow dried my hair and i finally got to see the finished product which i was very happy with.i'll definately be back, and requesting margeaux, although i got to see the other models' finished hair as well, and i'm pretty sure every stylist there was super talented.
<review# 285,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/23/2012,9/22/2012,46,70,3,5,3>Such a beautiful market! The layout is modern and clean, and the produce selection was excellent in my opinion. It may vary day to day, since they use local farmers. We get our CSA from Clarion River Organics so I was happy to see their products in the produce section. I love the setup of this place. They don't have a lot, but literally everything I need and the prices are not super cheap, but it's a local business, so I'm willing to support. The bulk foods section is great for grains or nuts. I also think their freezer section has a good selection of products. Haven't tried their cafe yet, but cannot wait to come back. My only gripe is their hours. If they opened a bit earlier and closed a bit later, I think the 9-5'ers would be more drawn to stop in before or after work. I work until 6pm so sometimes barely make it in, and it would be lovely to pick up some snacks on my way to work. All in all, super thrilled to have a new local market fill the space of what used to be!
<review# 286,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/22/2012,9/21/2012,21,83,,4,3>This place has some of the most fantastic bbq I've ever had! (and I've hopped across America and have had bbq in at least half the states. I LOVE BBQ) We drove down the street to the smoky clouds of meat grilling outside in huge drums. It smelled fantastic and looked the way beautifully cooked racks upon racks of ribs look. When you grab a rib off the plate you rarely get the whole thing because the meat will peel half off the bone back onto the plate. Out of this world!The collard greens and mac and cheese deserve a poem unto themselves and the yams. OH the yams. Yams just shouldn't be cooked in any other way than that! Every piece sopping in mapley droop! This is as good as it gets.
<review# 287,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/24/2012,9/20/2012,351,500,2,7,4>So, what do you do when the talented woman who's been cutting your hair leaves her old salon, where you've been a customer, for a new one? Well, if you're like me, you follow her to her new place of employment. And that works just fine for me when the new place is Pageboy Salon. Pageboy is a boutique in the front and a salon in the back, which works well in this lovely old space on Butler Street. The boutique specializes in vintage and new clothing, and has some fun jewelry and knick- knacks to buy. The salon is laid back and very low key. I've always gone to salons that are large and busy with many employees, and I like the vibe here, which is much quieter and relaxing, with very cool tunes playing at just the right level. It's also just a couple of doors down from espresso a mano, which makes me very happy.
<review# 288,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/5/2012,9/19/2012,103,298,2,3,3>My friend got drunk on his birthday and kept repeating "I want lobster!" over and over, so the next day I decided to take him out for a lobster lunch. I couldn't bring myself to go to Red Lobster so we came here.Since Eleven was the only Big Burrito restaurant I hadn't tried, I was pretty pumped. We came with one of our friends who was coincidentally celebrating a new job, and were so overtaken by the sheer classiness of the establishment (the lounge area is baller) that we had no choice but to go all out. No mind that we looked extremely out of context in our ultra-casual attire and I'm pretty sure some suit lunchers may have thought my boys were serial killers--we were here to be fancy, goddamnit! Martinis, bloody marys, a round of oysters, tuna tartare, and goat cheese ravioli to start. The tuna tartare was topped with anchovies and caviar and had a nice lemonyness--probably the best tuna tartare I've ever had, though I'd like more caviar (I'd always like more caviar, duh). Ravioli were a bit dry, but tasty nonetheless.After apps, I got a BLT. My friends got a chicken sandwich and a veal burger (yeahhh...the lobster didn't even happen). The BLT was pretty good with a juicy green heirloom, thick crunchy bacon, and a bright aioli. But I kinda make a better one at home, and I wasn't a big fan of the accompanying fries (too thick and soft for me). My friends said their sandwiches were amaze and they looked it.The bill for me and the birthday boy (2 drinks, 2 apps, 6 oysters, and 2 sandwiches) came to $81 pre-tip. Which for a lunch is, in a word, exorbitant. While the food was really, really good, I would personally put it toward the bottom of Big Burrito's offerings. I prefer Soba and Kaya, which are both more affordable, and if I'm gonna spend the big bucks, I'd rather go to Uni. At the same time, I don't think it would be fair to give it any less than 4 stars just because BBG has raised the bar so high, and I liked it enough that I'd visit again for dinner.Update: I came back for brunch, and it passed the test! Total steal at $25 for a cocktail, appetizer, entree, and basket of pastries. And ridiculously huge portions (the flatbread was so filling, I literally had two bites of my cavatelli and had to eat the rest for dinner that night). Again, it still doesn't beat my favorite Big Burrito brunch (that would be Casbah), but I'm still a fan.
<review# 289,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/24/2014,4/25/2014,85,195,3,6,7>I've been here 3 times and will definitely keep going back. My first experience was a free haircut I received after being given a "Favor Card" from a friend. Each time you get a haircut, you get the opportunity to give a friend a free haircut from that stylist at a specific time or any level 1 stylist at any time. What a great way to get new clients!I was a little nervous to go with a Level 1 stylist...I didn't know exactly what I'd be getting, but I ended up LOVING my cut. A family friend (and hairstylist for 25 years) said that she was so impressed with my haircut by Erika and thought it was amazing. The next time I went, I received a discount for my second visit. Christina cut my hair and I took the plunge to get full, straight-across bangs. I absolutely loved it. One reason I was willing to try bangs is that they offer free bang trims, which is amazing! I am always afraid to do it myself and let them grow out until my next full haircut.Another great thing about this place is the levels of stylists. You can decide which level fits your budget, as each level up is a different price. This is great for someone like me who can't afford to shell out $80 on my haircuts! I have recommended this place to my friends and will definitely return!
<review# 290,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/2/2014,4/24/2014,46,89,1,8,5>This place is so big! There's a ton of room to sit and hang out for awhile if you'd like. It's not easy to find a coffee shop with adequate seating. There are so many coffee shops I would go to a lot more often except for the fact I know there won't be a place for me to sit and enjoy my cup. The coffee here is also on point. This isn't the place you go for fancy drinks with syrups or lots of options. They serve the classics like black coffee, espresso, lattes, cappuccinos, macchiatos, and tea. My only complaint is that they hide sugar packets from you to discourage you from sweetening your brew. I get that coffee doesn't "need" sugar if its good coffee, but some people just prefer their brew with a little sweetness!
<review# 291,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/8/2014,4/23/2014,38,50,,7,6>It's entirely possible that you can enjoy Wigle's spirits without truly understanding what makes their product so unique, but it's their mission to help you. That's what makes this place so special and the people who run it so incredible. The family behind Wigle and their crew of tireless volunteers and staff are behind a nearly singular gem in American whiskey production: a distillery that actually produces its own whiskey spirits from scratch. That may sound strange to some. Surely all the great distilleries of Kentucky and Tennessee take the same care and craft to produce their whiskeys, just like their websites and commercials would imply. They don't.Through the advent of clever marketing, many a 'distillery' has found it easy to suggest that the spirits they produce are made from the same tradition, ingredients, and process you find at a Scotch-whiskey distillery nestled in a seaside valley in Scotland. They aren't. Wigle's spirits are. And it shows.On top of all that, they have a great attitude about bringing distilled whiskey back to Pennsylvania where it so rightfully belongs. Their historical knowledge and exuberance for its recountment are no small part of the Wigle experience. So grab some friends and check out a tour of this exciting new [and old] piece of Pittsburgh history.
<review# 292,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/6/2013,4/22/2014,93,75,,6,3>Take me out to the ballgame, indeed! I may be a girl, but I grew up with 4 brothers (1 sister) and in a neighborhood full of boys who taught me about America's Favorite Pastime.  Let's just say if I didn't know the difference between an RBI or ERA, I would have received Charlie Horses 'til I cried... My knowledge and love of the game began early, with the Boston Red Sox.  Yes, I grew up in the Cathedral of Baseball Stadiums.  It's a classic and gives you goosebumps, but PNC Park is different...and I still get goosebumps.When I moved to Pittsburgh in 2010, the first place I wanted to go was PNC Park.  Once I stepped inside the stadium, I never wanted to leave.  WHAT A VIEW!!!!!  I'm not just talking about the city skyline either.  EVERY seat in the ballpark has an incredible view of the game!  Trust me, I've sat in ALMOST every section (excluding suites).  This past season, I feel the city FINALLY realized what they were missing.  The seats filled up, the crowds energy was palpable, and I felt like I was home again.  I'm excited to say the the BF and I are now 20 game season ticket holders, so I can experience that electricity over and over again next season.So... is it baseball season yet?? #LetsGoBucs
<review# 293,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/25/2014,4/21/2014,71,342,1,5,4>How have I been living in Pittsburgh for over a year without a visit to this awesome site?!  My husband and I finally paid a visit to the Frick thanks to the "We Love Our Members" promotion that local museums were offering to their members.  (We are members at the Carnegie).  I was vaguely familiar with who Frick was and knew there was a house tour, but I had no idea how much this site had to offer.  Our visit began with a trip into the shop/visitor's center.  There we browsed the gift shop while waiting for the tour to begin.  The gift shop building was once a playhouse for the children and you can still see where gutters for the bowling alley run through the middle of the floor.  It was a great place to start the tour and begin learning about the family and their connection to the area and American industry.  I am not a Pittsburgh native, so I knew very little about them.  It is important to note that you can't bring large bags with you on the tour, but they do provide free lockers to store them while you are in the house.The tour continued by entering the house.  The enclosed porch provides a coat rack so you don't have to lug it around with you.  The house is detailed as if the Frick family was still living there.  We learned from our docent that they were fortunate that one of the family members lived there through the 1980s, so the house was well maintained and preserved.  Each room has exquisite detail and decor.  Our guide spent a great deal of time explaining and showcasing the art work.  Many local Pittsburgh artists were featured along with well known artists such as Monet.  Every aspect of the rooms were detailed including showcasing the new development at the time, aluminum.  The rooms upstairs featured less detail but were still interesting.  After our visit to the house, we stopped in the green house.  I'm not that in to plants, but it was interesting to learn that the plants grown there are used in the cafe.Speaking of the cafe, we stopped in just to check it out.  They were fully booked that day (which is fine since we weren't planning on eating anyway) but we were so enticed by the dessert selections that we got two desserts to go.  A nutella cheese cake and a baked apple.  We enjoyed those later that evening after dinner.I am not that in to cars, but the car and carriage museum was very interesting.  The first section is carriages that the Frick family used.  My favorite was their "special occasion" carriage that even had  foot warmer!  The car area featured various automobiles that had a connection to Pittsburgh.  There is also the option of watching three short videos about automobiles in Pittsburgh.The art museum alone is worth a visit.  They were preparing for an exhibit when we were there so only the Italian and French sections were open, but they were fantastic.  A great collection with amazing detail and descriptions of each of the paintings.  The interior of the building is an attraction itself.  It does not look like it was built in the 1960s with the fantastic marble and woodwork.Overall, a very enjoyable place to visit that I highly recommend to anyone because there really is something for everyone at Frick.
<review# 294,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/20/2014,4/20/2014,1891,388,2,7,3>Outstanding Gyros!I love gyros! My favorite place is Steve's up in Cleveland. When I can't make the 2 hour trip up there I go to Old Village Grill on Saltsburg Road in Penn Hills. The meat portions are large with more than enough meat for two gyros. Their options for gyros include (Authentic) a mixture of lamb and beef, (Souvlaki) marinated skewed pork and Chicken.They also offer greek salads, Hummus, Dolmage (stuffed grape leaves), Spanakopita (Fillo dough stuffed with Spinach and Feta cheese and Tiropita (Fillo dough stuffed with a blend of cheeses. For dessert they offer Baklava and Rice Pudding. They have party trays for your next event as well.There are everyday specials like a gyro, fires and a drink for $7.99 or 2 gyros for $10. They do offer a few tables if you can't make it home and want to eat in. They even offer free wifi and take PayPal.  Get here now!
<review# 295,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/9/2014,4/19/2014,50,170,1,11,4>I haven't had Jamaican food in years so every time I pass it I want to stop in - yesterday I finally got to try it out. The storefront itself is pretty small, so takeout might be the better option, but there is seating for a few people if you want to stay.The woman behind the counter was super friendly and helped me decide what to order. Each order comes with 2 sides, so even the small order is pretty filling. I ordered the oxtail stew (more out of curiosity than anything else) with the mac and cheese and the collard greens on the side. The oxtail was great; i might say the words "too cheesy" for the first time in my life describing the mac and cheese but it was still very good; i also liked the collard greens. The desserts also looked great - i'll have to wait for next time to try one.All in all, it was very good especially for the price.
<review# 296,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/4/2014,4/18/2014,60,19,,7,5>Coming to Pittsburgh from the West Coast a couple of years back I have been desperately seeking authentic Thai food. I'm a deep lover of Pad Thai, Thai ice tea, curries, and well if it's Thai food I'll eat it. Unfortunately time and again I have had my hopes crushed with subpar wannabe "Thai" food.Then a change of pace... I moved to downtown next door to Nicky's and my faith in humanity was restored. Nicky's is more than just thai food it's the real deal it's THAI FOOD!!! The servers are friendly, polite and helpful. The atmosphere is spot on it's like being transported to a shop in Thailand minus the 150 degree temperatures. If you don't sit at the front of the restaurant with it's large windows looking out onto the fun Penn Avenue scene you wouldn't know you were still in the confines of Pittsburgh, PA.Their food is phenomenal, service superb, and ambiance enjoyable. I'll be going back there as much as I can and if you're downtown don't miss out!
<review# 297,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/24/2014,4/17/2014,100,282,1,6,7>Great studio in downtown!It's a smaller studio, so I feel like you get more hands on attention!  No worries of being unnoticed by the instructor or not being able to see!They also have a nice range of classes and instructors that provides a good variety of yoga, so you won't be bored!I particularly like the Yoga-on-the-go lunch hour class! It's such a good break in the middle of the day! If you've got a desk job, it's sooooo nice to let your body stretch and move!The studio is also very clean and tidy.  No sweaty yoga studio smells!!
<review# 298,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/15/2014,4/16/2014,351,500,4,7,6>Although barbecue in the northern part of these United States is still hit or miss, I tried Union Pig on the advice of my husband, who went here without me (!) on his first visit. He is knowledgeable on the topic of barbecue, and even pickier than I am, and he deemed it worthy of another visit. Together we write a barbecue blog and spend some of the winter months in the southeastern U.S., always on the hunt for both the latest barbecue and long standing local favorites. So while we're not exactly experts on the subject, we've gnawed our way through many a rack of ribs.  And I have to say, after sampling the offerings here, that it's pretty darn good. The ribs especially were satisfying... tender, meaty and well smoked, with a nice rub and a sauce served on the side that complements the meat very well. We also shared some of the pork, which I hesitate to describe as pulled or chopped, as it's prepared in larger than bite sized cubes. This was a little weird to me, as I've never in my travels seen pork shoulder done this way, but it was good, so I'm not going to complain too much. The collard greens were nicely prepared, if a tad bit spicy...that's another thing I have a hard time getting over; Southerners don't really do spicy when it comes to barbecue, either the meat or the sides, so I find it off putting. But I'm splitting hairs here, as the greens were good. All in all, Union Pig is good eats, and I think we have another visit planned for later in the week. I will agree with the other folks here who were a bit shocked at the prices. This is the most I've ever spent on barbecue. Maybe if they had a little more competition for smoked meats of this quality in the area...who knows?
<review# 299,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/9/2014,3/5/2014,27,61,2,7,6>I cannot wait until the weather warms up again so that I can sit in their outdoor patio. I love that they are BYOB. The spinach and pecorino dip with french baguette is to die for. Make sure to order the large as you will definitely want more! I had the scallops with mango habanero sauce and wild rice along with charred tomatoes. I could have eaten another plate of this -so good! I'm sure that I will be back before the weather warms up for the patio, it is just that good!
<review# 300,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/6/2014,3/4/2014,44,78,2,8,4>I went in there with plans for a salad.  While the salads are awesome - they give you a paper menu and you pick out what you want thrown in, I didn't want to end up with a $40 salad.  And trust me, with toppings like grilled shrimp, steak cooked to order, artichokes, asparagus, cheeses galore - it would have definitely been 40 bucks. So the hubby and I started with the ahi nachos.  I think it's a bit of a misnomer to call them nachoes since it was just single chips with tuna and guac on them, they were awesome no matter what they were called.  The tuna was very fresh and had a nice sauce on it.  The guac was the perfect amount.  The chip was super crispy and nicely seasoned. We then decided to split the pierogie pizza and damn, are we glad we did.  It was gigantic, seriously huge.  The crust was cooked to a buttery golden brown and very crispy.  Very unique type crust.  It was covered with carmelized onions, bacon, sliced fingerlings and a garlic aoili.  Absolutely fantastic!We will be back, oh yes, we will be back.
<review# 301,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/17/2013,3/3/2014,27,76,3,6,4>"Mexican food" in Pittsburgh used to be something like a whisper in the wind, not quite sure if what you heard was actually said. The concept had been ignored, for the most part willfully by our 412 and 724 contemporaries satisfied with a Mad Mex or El Campesino imposter.Slowly the tide began to turn with Reynas and Las Palmas taco stands creating a migration of the taste bud towards something more original, a secret they were finally willing to bestow upon our woefully ignorant palates. King Food said Reynas restaurant was legit. I was intrigued, but not compelled to immediate action. Deep down inside though, I knew if King Food said it was legit...that I had to try it out. I recently ventured there with him, my girlfriend and another friend to finally check it out. I had no idea how much they re-did the basement. It was a quaint cantina, replete with muralistic paintings and cozy lighting.Our service was attentive and prompt. The salsa sampler...succulent smoky bliss. Every dish that was passed around (I had the Anchos Rellenos) was full of flavors and subtle spicing. My girlfriend had the Mole sampler, which was a diverse and delicious heaping of food.I am glad that Reynas proved to Pgh that they are a Mex-I-Can.
<review# 302,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/24/2014,3/2/2014,45,195,,12,5>So I came here when I initially moved and was told they didn't have anything vegan.  So sad.  So after Vegan Pittsburgh gave this place a sticker I finally decided to come back.  I'm not sure if I should write Vegan Pittsburgh a thank you letter or a hate letter because this place is SOOOO addictively good.  When you go in it's best to ask what their vegan offerings are and about half of their offerings are usually vegan.  If they have the chocolate hostess I would recommend that one.  It's my absolute fav.  My gf is partial to the vanilla almond cupcake.  Also, if you're a fan of Mexican wedding cookies they have REALLY good ones here.Bottom line: Great taste but not so great for calories.
<review# 303,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/20/2013,3/1/2014,102,199,3,8,4>It's not fancy, there are no disco balls nor cosmic light shows, and it's forevermore 1970 at Forward lanes.  I hadn't been bowling since elementary school, but I'm positive Forward Lanes has had a facelift since before that, so we're even.  After being told that Arsenal Lanes had a ridiculous 3+ hour wait, we had a lane at Forward not even 20 minutes later (yes, including drive time).There are 16 lanes.  The shoes have velcro.  The bathroom was surprisingly clean.  The crowd was mostly non-drinking college kids on a Saturday night--definitely no serious bowlers.  There are, however, locker room and storage rentals for those looking for a bowling league experience.  FYI, ladies, the lightest bowling ball size was 9lbs,  which I used okay--but was told that a lighter ball would have been better for me.Concessions include 7oz mini beers by the bucket ($8.50 for domestic & $10 for Corona), Woodchuck Cider ($4), Mike's ($4), Slim Jims ($.99), and a full vending machine.  Just about what you'd need.CASH ONLY.  There is an ATM inside.
<review# 304,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/25/2013,2/28/2014,83,222,,7,5>Waffallonia is always a good idea. Now that the seasons have changed and the Schenley Plaza location is closed, I had to go to the Squirrel Hill store to get my fix. The shop is tiny and somehow manages to seat 6 at counters inside. Also at the shop they have ice cream that you can add to your waffle. The flavors for ice cream seemed amazing but I was there for one thing and one thing only: liege waffles. I settled on the monthly special which was a waffle with chocolate syrup, whipped cream and crushed candy cane.  Usually my son and I split a waffle with nutella but  we changed it up that day and the change was good.
<review# 305,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/9/2013,2/27/2014,35,164,,5,4>I first found out about this brewery when I moved to Point Breeze and a neighbor brought a growler of their root beer to a picnic. I was instantly hooked and couldn't wait to head to the brewery to try some of the beers and fill up a growler. The new location off of Hamilton is a great space-not easy to find so look on Google Maps before you go. The larger space makes it a fun place to go on a weeknight to taste some of their beers and fill up a growler or two.  Love the friendly laid back atmosphere of East End and its dedication to only distributing in Pittsburgh. My favorite beers includes Monkey Boy and the seasonal blueberry and blackberry brews.
<review# 306,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/8/2013,2/26/2014,110,228,1,6,5>Today was my second time at a Pamela's. During my first trip I made the mistake of 1)not ordering hot cakes 2) dining alone 3)not ordering hotcakes! I was worried about a wait for a Sunday morning but it was surprisingly only 15minutes. We were seated & greeted promptly. Both of us ordered the morning after breakfast with the strawberry pancakes. The potatoes /home fries were awesome & as another reviewer mentioned it feels as if every bite is different (&fabulous). Speaking of fabulous, I'm thankful to have finally experienced the Pamelas hotcake. It was filled with fresh strawberries, sour cream, brown sugar bits.. & every bite was better than the last. Don't let that trio scare or fool you-.it's delicious Next weekend can't come fast enough to stop back...forgot to mention it took no time at all for 4 giant plates of food to reach our table.
<review# 307,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/18/2013,2/24/2014,206,143,8,10,7>I don't know why I never came here. Maybe because it's not a cool place. At all. The vibe reminds me of the now defunct Roxy Cafe in South Hills Village. Just screaming early 90's, carpet everywhere, awful frilly fixtures and unneccesary flourishes all over the place.  But close your eyes and have a go at the bread and pasta. It's nearly impossible to go wrong with house made fresh pasta and theirs wasn't bad at all. The bread ruled. The bar menu was not a joke, featuring the likes of East End and Bell's, cocktails that weren't a punchline, probably good wine (I don't know anything in that dept. so I could be dead wrong, but my wife's house red was great). It's not that cheap, and they make you pay for parking. And I still don't feel cool. But if there is a better-textured pasta in Pittsburgh I haven't had it. I always thought I would hate this place but I honestly liked it, a lot. So I guess don't be a closed minded jerk and deprive yourself of nice Italian food for no good reason.
<review# 308,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/7/2014,2/23/2014,107,111,2,6,4>We love it! :)I tried this place on a whim one day and I'm so glad that I did. Love love their subs but you'll have to add your own condiments. That's actually a good thing IMO because you can control the portion and avoid sogginess. Our go to is the club.The pizza has always been great. I prefer their square cut but the round is yummy too. We really like their dough too! They have a lot of variety when it comes to pizza and I'm excited to try all of it!I also really liked the buffalo chicken salad that I ordered from them, I may even order one today ;)The friendly delivery service is great too, usually within 30-40 minutes in a busy night and the food arrives hot and fresh. No issues yet! I'm sure we will be loyal customers!
<review# 309,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/3/2013,7/10/2013,50,170,,2,3>Wow - what an incredible (and much-needed) addition to Lawrenceville! Tender successfully does what Industry Public House may have tried to do before they decided to cater to the general masses and become just another rowdy bar with slightly above-average artisanal cocktails. Tender manages to maintain a classier and more sophisticated feel while still welcoming everyone and offering a great menu of dining options and of course, fabulous cocktails.Before I talk about the food, I just want to note that the venue is fantastic. It's a perfect spot for dinner or drinks or both. They did a great job remodeling the Arsenal Bank Building to cater to the needs of the restaurant while maintaining touches of the building's history - be sure to stop and see the checks on the wall facing Butler. The ambience is true to the era - I absolutely love the piano in the lounge and the occasional live music. There are 2 more dining rooms in addition to the lounge, each with a slightly different feel but the same level of service. The wait staff is incredibly friendly and willing to offer suggestions, which are much needed since it is tough to choose from such great options.Initially, I didn't feel like the menu did justice to the food itself. Maybe I am just used to restaurants trying to talk up every item on their menu, so at first I thought the menu understated the complexity of the ingredients and the flavor. However, after thoroughly enjoying the first few items, I learned to appreciate the simplicity of the descriptions and just trust the chef. We tried the Shrimp and Grits, Lobster Rolls, Mac and Cheese, Deviled Eggs, Yaka Mein, Meatloaf, Oysters, Poke, and the Moon Pies for dessert. It was all exquisite, but the Yaka Mein and Meatloaf were my favorites.As for the drinks, I'd start by letting telling the expert bartenders what you like and letting them suggest something for you. The cocktail list makes it hard to decide, and they are good at matching your preferences and mood with the perfect drink.I can't wait to attend one of the special events or to take one of the mixology classes here. I will update the review once I do!
<review# 310,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/28/2013,7/9/2013,19,76,3,12,2>Pearl Nail Salon is a quaint little place in Squirrel Hill run by an extremely friendly woman named Lynn.  She is the proprietor and as far as I can tell, the only person working there, which makes for a long wait, but don't let that deter you!  During my time in the salon, several customers came in looking to get their nails done and several more called to make appointments.  All were willing to come back at whatever time she gave them (some as far as 4-5 hour later.)  After getting my pedicure, I can see why people are willing to wait for Lynn rather than go to any of the other nail places in the area.  The quality of her work and the time she takes on each customer is astounding (and refreshing.)  I've been to numerous nail salons in the area and I can say I've never felt so welcome or at ease in a nail salon.  On top of everything else, she gave me a free design on my pedicure at no extra cost.There are two things you should know before going to Pearl, though.1) Don't go if you're in a hurry.  Lynn takes her time and concentrates on one person at a time.2) Make an appointment or be prepared to wait.I've already recommended the place to several friends and I will definitely be back!
<review# 311,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/5/2013,7/8/2013,11,45,3,6,3>Bubble tea comes to Shadyside, a block or so off of Walnut Street!  I only tried their bubble tea so far but am interested in returning for hot pots and other interesting-seeming dishes.The bubble tea menu has some different offerings than I am used to seeing (mountain tea?  grass jelly? chocolate hazelnut???)  Sadly I could not get my old standbys like almond milk tea or coconut milk tea so was forced to branch out to black sugar black tea.....it was interesting though I did miss the flavored powders.  Still, a good place to get one's Taiwanese fix in the Shadyside area.  (P.S.  Drink only orders are cash-only.)
<review# 312,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/13/2013,7/7/2013,65,161,,6,2>At last--handmade noodles and I have been reunited!  This place is straight up legit and I think the majority of the Chinese people in Pittsburgh would agree with me.  You can watch the noodles being pulled by hand through a glass wall.  One mark of authenticity is everyone who works there speaks Chinese.  To my delight, they carry quite a few Taiwanese small dishes.  The BEEF NOODLE SOUP with thin noodles---so good!  The beef shank was oh so tender.  I think I ate the bowl dry.  The PORK SLIDER had a bit too much dough for my liking but it is probably the closest I'm going to come to my beloved gua bao of Taipei without having to fly overseas.  I've also had the SOUP DUMPLINGS and they are tasty but not the best thing on the menu for me.  The MILK TEA is pricey at almost 5 DOLLARS each but it is silky smooth and comes with a variety of toppings.  I'd even say it's better than Rose Tea's across the street!The place is PACKED every time I've been there and that says a lot for only being open for a few weeks.  Everyday noodle really does leave me wanting to come back every day!  This place is the perfect addition to Squirrel Hill and a one-of-a-kind restaurant in Pittsburgh.
<review# 313,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/24/2013,7/6/2013,90,67,3,4,4>Do you work downtown and find yourself occasionally craving a sweet icy treat?    But wait...does eating ice cream make you feel guilty? Well good news, Dream Cream Ice Cream is a unique nonprofit and with each scoop of their tasty ice cream, they facilitate funds to be donated to individual philanthropic projects in our community. These projects can vary from raising money for new soccer uniforms to helping a local young couple with their child adoption fees. (Yinzers helping other Yinzers reach their dreams...all while enjoying delicious ice cream)Here is how it works: "Custom flavors serve as crowd-sourced fundraisers which allow groups and individuals the extra funds to conquer financial hurdles and, in turn, accomplish their goals. Individuals choose a custom ice cream flavor and Dream Cream Ice Cream donates a percentage of monthly sales directly to each dream. In exchange for the donation individuals barter their time as "Dreamers" by serving in the ice cream shop."Bottom line: delicious ice cream-good cause
<review# 314,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/13/2013,7/5/2013,757,406,7,7,6>Diamonds are not this girls best friend chicken is.   Another slam dunk,  home run out of the park meal.  It should also be noted that the restaurant was way more crowded then I had ever seen before. Good job Chicken Latino.  I am cheering for your success.  On this occasion my hubby of course got the shrimp and Tilapia  ceviche . Which is only served during the weekend as a lunch special.  The shrimp were plump and there was a massive amount of lime juice coating the fish and shrimp very nicely.  I had the half rotisserie chicken , no sides.  I didn't need any starches or legumes standing between me and that bird.  To the embarrassment of my boyfriend I ate the chicken with my bare hands tearing into it like a lion into a gazelle.  I was playing no games devouring my chicken.  Treat -yo-self to Chicken Latino you'll be happy you did.
<review# 315,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/13/2013,7/4/2013,21,117,,9,6>I'm extremely enthusiastic about YinzBurgh BBQ's contribution to Pittsburgh's culinary scene--and not just because it's close to my apartment.  YinzBurgh has scoured the country for inspiration in assembling its offerings, which manage to be mostly traditional yet pleasantly eclectic at the same time.  Like any good barbecue place, they take their meat and their customers extremely seriously.But more than that, YinzBurgh manages to go beyond importing styles and sauce types from various barbecue meccas--they take the first steps toward defining a unique identity that may someday be known nationwide as "Pittsburgh barbecue."  It was exciting to sample their offerings, and I'm excited to see what they do next.I'll get to some of the meats in detail, but let me say that the side dishes are where YinzBurgh BBQ begins to define Pittsburgh BBQ.  The collard greens are simple and elegant.  The black-eyed peas are one of the most flavorful vegan-friendly options I've ever had at this kind of restaurant.But what really sets the menu apart is the "Chili-Q"--a proprietary combination of chili and baked beans created by the owner himself.  It's truly a wonderful blend of traditional experiences, fused harmoniously into something utterly new yet comfortingly familiar.  In lieu of a detailed description, I'll give it my full-throated endorsement and urge you to try it.And now, the moment you carnivores have all been waiting for, the meats (and sauces):-The chicken is flavorful, roasted on the bone (and practically falling off of it).-The ribs have excellent flavors, a bit like you'd find in Memphis.  They're hands down among the best I've had in this half of the state.  This meat also tends to fall off the bone.-The brisket is a little reminiscent of what you'd find in Hill Country in Texas, though a touch drier and noticeably smokier with a surprising amount of flavor.  The brisket would pair well with literally anything else on the menu.  It's great by itself on a fork, in any of the sauces, on a sandwich, or mixed with other meats.-The pulled pork is a bit harder for me to come up with a succinct and accurate description for, but let's just say if your companion offers you a "bite or two" (as mine did), you can expect to take a polite normal-sized first bite and an enormous bordering-on-rude second bite based on your initial experience.-They have barbecue sauces, spicy and mild, from all the major traditions.  Tomato, mustard, and vinegar bases ensure there's something for everyone.  I highly recommend the spicy tomato-based on sauce; it goes well with pretty much everything (it's perfect for dipping).[The primary downsides revolve around access.  It's a small place without much seating, so it's not great for big groups.  There's limited parking if you're driving, and the delivery is done through a third party, making it pretty expensive.  Having said all that, YinzBurgh is relatively new.  I see plenty of room for growth, expansion and improvement on all these points if enough Pittsburghers taste the food and then keep coming back--as I certainly will.]
<review# 316,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/27/2013,7/3/2013,9,36,3,3,2>I want to just say WOW and leave it at that, but i'll go into a bit of detail.My boyfriend celebrated his birthday last week and was agonizing over whether or not to go to Casa Rasta. He was afraid that his Pittsburghese parents would either be a.)underwhelmed by the decor of the place (we were unaware that they had moved a few doors down at first) or b.)overwhelmed by the type of food and the corresponding spiciness.It was a nice surprise when we arrived and the new location was more spacious and aesthetically pleasing than the last, so we were saved there. Decor is fun, with art from local artists on the walls for sale. Casa Rasta is BYOB; we luckily remembered to bring a bottle, for which the cork fee was $4 if I recall correctly.Onto the food.Two in our party got fish tacos (which I of course mooched), they were certifiably delicious, and spicy. I ordered jerk chicken tacos which were great, especially with the mango chunks and cool drizzle of avocado crema on them. Spicy too, of course. Boyfriend got chicken flautas, I did not try them but he demolished the plate in no time. The guacamole served with it was on par though, a good sign for a restaurant that serves such. Servings are perfectly sized, fyi. I don't recall what my S.O.'s mother got, but his dad got jambalaya. It is made with habanero and there's no adjusting the heat. His dad was dying of spiciness, but managed to clean up pretty well. That's where my drunk self came in: I finished the plate of jambalaya up for him. My mouth was on fire but I couldn't stop taking bites of it. A+ on that dish. We also ordered chocolate truffles for dessert (yum!) and cheesecake. The cheesecake is made at the restaurant and we all agreed that it was probably the best cheesecake we'd ever had. It was so fluffy and soft, I could have used it as a pillow. Just kidding, or am I?Next time I would like to try the ezquites, chile rellenos, and seviche. Overall, a nice variety on the menu (with some yummy lookin' vegan options!) and the prices are very reasonable.
<review# 317,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/8/2013,7/2/2013,66,239,7,3,2>Am I the only one amused by the fact that one of the things we can review in Pittsburgh is a bloody hill?Anyway. Flagstaff is a very familiar place for me. It's where classmates and I would go to sit in the grass or play Frisbee on nice days during the school year. A number of college teams would practice various sports here, including flag football, so I'd often watch them while sitting in the gazebo by the hill and enjoying the nice weather. During the summer it's an excellent site to sit and watch a free movie in the park (as long as you're willing to deal with lots of other people. Who will talk. I'd say you get what you pay for but people talk in movie theaters as well, so no, no you don't!). Basically, the hill's a great place to sit alone or with friends while relaxing or talking, or you can get a group together and either go for a walk or grab a ball and begin playing a sport of two. It's definitely a useful and multipurpose hill. (Never thought I'd get the chance to write that!) It's especially nice because you get the sense of being in the middle of a park without being in the middle of the park - it's right down the street from the library and next to parts of CMU, as well as directly across from Phipps. Great location for anyone looking to take a quick walk and get a short break from the bustling Oakland.I have plenty to say about the rest of the park, but that's for another review. For now, I want to leave on the note that I am giving 5 stars...to a hill.Yes, I'm still laughing about that.
<review# 318,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/3/2013,7/1/2013,37,201,2,5,6>I would give this place 6 stars if that were an option. I have been going to Tram's for the past 3 years, and love the place. Not sure how the people who have given it negative reviews could arrive at their conclusions, but hey, everyone's entitled to his/her opinion, right?Everything I have ever ordered here has come fast and fresh. Spring Rolls are a must, and can be made a meal unto themselves. Chicken fried rice is astounding. Vermicelli dishes are a great treat in the warmer months (because they come at a cool temperature, and are almost salad-like), and the chicken pho is transcendent.Yes, transcendent.I yearn for the cold months because it means that I can eat the stuff - my wife at first was horrified that I referred to chicken pho as the best broth based food I had ever eaten. Hell, she even made fun of me for craving 'chicken soup,' which most people would simply make at home, but this is not like anything at home, this is the ultimate comfort dish. The beef pho is good, but their chicken version is simply the best.I know that they had some problems with their accreditation, but that appears to be well in their past, and frankly, I never had a single problem with their food before that. (That's more than I can say for many other restaurants I've been to...)
<review# 319,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/4/2012,2/11/2013,75,135,2,3,4>I really was missing Voluto before its new ownership / management took over, on Penn Ave.  I Needed a new place to try with friends who live in Highland Park for an excellent cup of fancy Joe. I'm a steamed milk kind of gal.Starbucks bless them when I am in a rush but i have to order a tripple just to get a hint of my fix, but the coffee here is the right strength to cover my caffeine withdrawals. Lovely atmosphere small but not tiny, outdoor seating if you want it. Their espresso shots are not served in steamed cups.Take note if you're a hardcore ezzzspresso shooter and you like it piping hot. I am sure if you asked they could probably warm the cup. The baristas are so friendly and laid back and funny. Also the staff members let me use the bathroom after closing one time perfect gentlemen :) A decent selection of yummy pastries to compliment your coffee awaits from apple turnovers to decadent brownies.I also like the crowd that comes here, there are younger people, older peopler and everyone inbetween (the 30 somethings and 40 somethings) my age group. It has a neighborhood feel but I can tell people come from surrounding areas, Tazza is a great example of merging the old and new in Pittsburgh while maintaining the character of its home borough.
<review# 320,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/18/2013,2/10/2013,59,85,,7,4>It would have been hard to be more impressed with the meal I had here.My wife and I came for dinner at about 6pm; luckily, we had a reservation, because the space is small and the dining area and bar were packed. As soon as we got a look at the menu, though, I realized why. There was not a single dish on the menu that did not intrigue me.After much deliberation, I settled on my app and entree. I began with the "bone marrow creme brulee" -- holy crap, it was delicious. It wasn't soupy like other bone marrow I've had -- more like it had been churned, making it easier to spread. And of course, it was caramelized on top like any "creme brulee" ought to be. The caramelizing brought forth a sweetness that was unexpected, and a great counterpoint to the saltiness. It was a great spread which I enjoyed on buttery crisps of bread.For my entree, I was a little less adventurous, opting for the eye of ribeye, served at a perfect medium rare, with creamy potatoes and Brussels sprouts. It was a lot to eat, but I bravely soldiered on and downed every last bite, just so I could tell you about it. Okay, I'm lying. I ate every last bite because it was freaking fabulously prepared, and I couldn't even stand the thought of allowing it to get cold.For dessert, I had a pumpkin roll that was unlike any I'd ever tasted. It was spongier, not heavy at all, with toasted pumpkin seeds and a nifty whipped cream cheese. I was truly blown away by every aspect of the food, and our service was stellar. Our server just seemed to anticipate what my wife and I would need, and was always at hand without seeming to hover. I can't wait to come back here and have another meal -- perhaps I'll dive in the deep end and try the headcheese next time?
<review# 321,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/18/2012,2/9/2013,53,388,,5,3>What a great new find for my family and I.  My grandmother lives right on Washington road, so when we go out to eat, we always venture to the usual Il Pizz or Sesame Inn, but now that we found this place, I think we have a new dinner and lunch stop.The decor and atmosphere of this place is beautiful.  I honestly do not think I have seen a nicer and trendier restaurant recently.  The lighting and the bar is mind blowingly beautiful.  If you are old enough to drink you would love this place and the view from the bar.Now the food hit the spot too.  The french onion soup and the crab bisque were both spot on.  My french onion had Gruyere cheese, which I really thought was a great touch.  Also, my stacked chicken meal was delicious.  There was even a real sized side portion of mouth-watering broccoli.  If you like chicken with mushrooms, this is the place for you.  Hell, if you like good food that is accompanied by a nice atmosphere, this is also the place for you!
<review# 322,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/2/2013,2/8/2013,147,143,3,3,4>Black Bean is a hole.  But it is a happy hole!  When you first walk in, you'll see separate stairways going up and down.  Go up and you'll enter what looks like a chinese restaurant, but is also Black Bean.  They serve both chinese and cuban food off separate menus, initially confusing, but perfect when your friends can't agree on where to eat!Expect very tasty cuban food at incredibly reasonable prices.  I got the perfectly crispy beef empanada ($2.95) the sweet plantains (the best I've ever had at any price but priced at just $2.95) and the Cubadilla (Pronounced "Q-ba-deea" a delicious love child between a cuban sandwich and a cheesy tortilla quesadilla ($6.95).  The service was fast (all our food was ready in 10 minutes) The food was so good and the portions so generous, they could easily charge double their prices.The pressed bread for the sandwiches was soft and fluffy.  All in, dinner for 4 people was under $40, including entrees and sides for everyone and we still had to take half home as leftovers!  You won't find a better value for tasty food anywhere.But it's not all black beans and rainbows.  As I mentioned at the beginning, it's confusing to figure out the dual-restaurant your first time.  The service was friendly but our waiter hardly spoke English.  The tables were squeezed together and the decor was non-existent with paint pealing off some of the walls.  There was a tv blaring news coverage about a murder trial (not ideal dinner background noise).  Though the food was good, the atmosphere was worse than just spartan, to me it was so shoddy it detracted from the experience.  I would definitely go back, but I would prefer to get take out next time so I can enjoy the great food, portions and prices in a nicer atmosphere.  If they stop offering take out, I will suffer the interior because the food is absolutely worth it!
<review# 323,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/26/2012,2/7/2013,101,91,2,5,2>Prantl's is a quick step to the side of Market Square, and more importantly, my workplace. A few of my co-workers have a little ritual. If we have a bad day, one of us goes on a Prantl's run for sweets. Pastry therapy. Effective, though not so much for the diabetics. Their most famous (and best) offering is the burnt almond torte, which consists of moist layers of cake soaked in yummy almond custard. The whole torte is covered with slivers of toasted almonds and sugar. Really delicious! The torts come in several sizes, and I understand that they ship these things worldwide. So give em' a whirl.My second favorite Prantl's delight is more savory than sweet; the breakfast roll. They are bigger than your fist and have either sausage or ham with egg and cheese baked inside. Perhaps the breakfast rolls are more Mancini's than Prantl's, but the same lovely people prepare and sell them at one spot in Market Square. The staff at Prantl's/Mancini's are always kind and accommodating to my requests. I docked them a star because I think their fondant cakes and cupcakes are rather bland, which is surprising given how flavorful their other pastries are. Overall, a solid bakery staffed with friendly people!
<review# 324,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/30/2013,2/6/2013,100,116,1,9,5>Why drive all the way to the Waterfront, when there's a super cute movie theater right here in Squirrel Hill?The Manor is lovely all around. Recently remodeled, they've got a cozy interior, including a full bar (and you can take your booze into the theater with you to see your movie). While they've only got four screens, the Manor offers a chance to see the more 'indie' films that a blockbuster house like Loew's isn't interested in showing.The theaters are smaller than the big-name chain places, but it makes for a more intimate setting. The seats are comfy, the picture quality is great, and the sound is excellent also.The Manor runs special late-night showings as well now, like a string of old Hitchcock films, horror movies in October, and former Oscar winners. They also run deals on after-movie dinners (presently, your ticket stub gets you 15% off at BRGR same-day). And of course, there's the charm of our talented local gypsy violinist, who chooses the entryway to the Manor as her stage many warm nights.I absolutely love this place, and I'm so glad to see it flourishing in our neighborhood!
<review# 325,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/10/2012,2/5/2013,30,115,2,3,2>This is a lovely little place for authentic fresh tasty dishes.Pros: Everything is made fresh, prices reasonable given the quality, great seasoning, great decor, unique menu items.Cons: Place is small, under 10 tables, VERY TIGHT SEATING. Food takes a long time. Sure, they prepare you for the wait, but it still takes a long time. There is essentially only one chef/cook.  Service is generally ok, sometimes forgetful, and occasionally aloof. Given two waitresses with a small number of tables and a small physical area to cover, service should have been better.It's BYOB and I'd highly recommend reservations. We were darn lucky to walk in on a Friday night.While we aren't vegetarian, we ate all vegetarian dishes there and they were fantastic. Not enough to get me to forego meat full-time, but they were great.We were fortunate enough to visit Morocco years ago and the tile work, light shades, mint tea glasses, were all spot-on with what we saw (and purchased.)Definitely recommended!
<review# 326,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/14/2012,2/4/2013,73,461,2,2,2>My husband's and my good friend had his birthday party here last weekend. I was so excited to finally try this restaurant that I've been wanting to try for at least a year or two!We arrived at 6pm on Friday night and made sure to have a couple drinks before the 5-7pm half off happy hour (Monday-Friday!) was over. I ordered both the Red Sangria and White Sangria, but sadly just got two Red Sangrias. I was tempted to complain but didn't feel like bothering. I enjoyed the drinks and thought it was a good deal for $4 each.We started with the Mushroom Saute. Wow! Delicioso! I could've eaten a huge bowl of this stuff. I absolutely love mushrooms and plantains, and the amazing, hearty sauce on this saute was to die for. Next, we split the Tropical Paella entree. The kitchen split our meal onto two different plates, which I thought was really nice. The portion size was enormous considering we both had a nice amount after splitting it in half. The paella was good, but personally, it had too much Caribbean spice for my taste. I definitely prefer a less spicy paella, like the dish you would get at nearby Mallorca in the South Side.After an amazing appetizer and good dinner, we ordered the Chocolate Bread Pudding and were blown away! It was the perfect dessert after a hearty, Caribbean-style meal. The bread pudding was a great, bread-like (not mushy) texture and had the perfect balance of chocolate and bread.I had a great time at Kaya and was not disappointed, even after waiting a couple years to finally try the restaurant. I look forward to going back very soon!
<review# 327,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/26/2012,2/3/2013,103,298,6,7,5>After finally getting to Cure again, I have to say this just might officially be my favorite restaurant in Pittsburgh.My friend and I were so obsessed with the small salumi we had last time that this time we ordered the large salumi. And we finished it all. Please don't judge us. Actually, I don't care. It's worth the judgement. This is a charcuterie fanatic's wet dream. The duck speck and the lardo are just ridiculously good, and thankfully those seem to be two of the staples that stick around on the menu. Even the pates were delicious, and I really am not a pate person.We also got a salad, because that cancels out the fact that we just ate a table full of fatty meat (shush, it's sound logic). It had cinnamon croutons and bleu cheese and some other stuff. It kinda tasted like Christmas. I was into it.We also got a main course to share. I know, I'm not sure why we thought this was a good idea. It was wayyy too much food! Next time I will (attempt to) control myself, but questionable decisions aside, I would have been super sad to have missed out on the cider-braised veal cheeks. Even better than the pork sampler I had the first time I was here, with the same simple, unpretentious style. Nothing fancy, just a whole roasted baby onion and some crispy kale leaves and an impeccably cooked piece of meat.There's honestly nothing I dislike at Cure, besides the fact that getting in can be difficult on the weekend. I was turned away as a walk-in several times before finally planning ahead and making a reservation. But it's worth it!
<review# 328,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/8/2012,2/2/2013,91,67,4,8,5>Only 8 reviews?! C'monnnn, people!Do you remember that time in college when you had a dream of opening up a hip little record store with some vintage threads and cool books -oh and don't forget there should be a little coffee shop- with maybe the occasional show there once in a while? I can safely say I spent half my youth dreaming of running a place like that. It seems the owners of 720 had that idea, that dream, and ACTUALLY PULLED IT OFF. Everything here absolutely rules. It's not the kind of place you just pop in to pick up one record - you sit, you stay a while, you have a cup of coffee and enjoy the tunes. The ambiance here is perfect.The records, clothes, and food were all pretty spot-on as well. I enjoyed a peppermint matcha cookie with dark chocolate and a San Pelligrino orange soda while I perused their carefully curated records and selection of women's vintage clothes. Their vinyl is a combination of new and used, with some local flavor tossed in the mix. I seriously could've stayed there forever, were it not for my wallet begging me to leave. I wound up picking up one record, but definitely could see myself going back for clothes, tchotchkes, books, and maybe a cool show. It's a bit pricey, but really no more or less than most other record stores. Besides, you're also paying for the hang-and-chill factor. My only wish is that I could live next door!
<review# 329,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/23/2012,7/9/2012,70,148,3,14,6>Wigle(pronounced Wiggle, though they admit it probably shouldn't be) Whiskey is a young whiskey distillery - having produced its first batch just over a month ago - named after a Pittsburgh revolutionary who wasn't ready to let tax get in the way of his whiskey. There are two aspects to this review - the whiskey itself, and the distillery itself.The Whiskey: Wigle Whiskey is the first(in modern day terms) liquor to be distilled within the city limits of Pittsburgh(Clique is distilled abroad and Boyd and Blair is located in Glennshaw). Due to the young age of the distillery, they currently only sell a white whiskey, that is,  a clear whiskey that has not touched oak barrels. If you are a fan of the familiar dark and golden browns and oak flavor of your standard aged drink, fear not. They are currently aging whiskey, but you can also buy mini barrels($50/1lt $60/2lt) of the stuff and DIY at home. I love this idea - whiskey does not age in a glass bottle(Your 3-year old 15 year scotch did NOT just double in value), so buy one of these to mark special occasions(ie births) and celebrate with them much later.(Disclaimer - I am not exactly sure what the upper aging limit on American Whiskeys should be, nor am I sure how much would evaporate after several years in a small barrel.)They currently sell two varieties - a wheat and a rye, and both are made entirely organic(though they are without label while they complete the paperwork), from locally sourced grains(Except for the small amount of barley, as I learned on my tour), and from scratch - starting with several bags of whole grains. The wheat whiskey is smooth tasting, slightly sweet with only a bit of burn going down, smelling freshly of yeasty bread. The rye is a bit bolder and not as sweet, but still has a great flavor. The wheat for me is my favorite, but I wouldn't really sip either of them. Cocktails are what I think these do best in, where the flavors come through but there is no age to overpower the other ingredients. At the store, you can sample both and pick our your favorite. At just over $30 a bottle, I think that you're getting a great deal. To purchase this whiskey, you have to go right to the source. They're happy with it that way, since they aren't sure they can meet PLCB quotas, and they would rather talk about it themselves than have their name defiled by a random W&S employee.The Distillery:The distillery itself is small, a tiny warehouse, one set of large machines to create whiskey, a small store at the front. The place obviously had a designer in come through: the design reminds me very much of the Glass Lofts in Garfield. The ceiling has bottles embedded in it, a nice touch. The store offers free tastings and even cocktails for only about $5 - and they are delicious, even if you don't think you're a whiskey person. Apparently, you can also send in your own Wigle cocktail recipe and they might feature it, inviting you and your friends in to the distillery for a round.  They do tours and cocktail classes here, both can be signed up for on the website - The tours are $20/pp and come with tastings, cocktails, and  light snacks. Again the place is small, but the tour was definitely extremely informative - You get to see, feel or smell just about every step of the process of whiskey making. The gains, the flour, the strong methanol in the first output of the still, the fresh and tasteless ethanol alcohol of the "hearts", and the "tails" - the flavorful part, the char on the inside of the barrels. At the end of my tour I felt like I was ready to compete with them, look out! Additionally the tour has a historical aspect. Western PA was home of America's favorite sprit just after the Revolution, rye whiskey. Wigle himself had a distillery which he fought hard to keep from being taxes, resulting in the Whiskey Rebellion and eventual flight of Whiskey producers from PA to Kentucky - where corn grew in abundance and the spirit of choice for Americans everywhere switched from Rye to Bourbon. The tour goes much more in depth into Wigle's story, but I don't want to give it away. Needless to say, it's riveting, and integrates very well with the tour. The whole tour lasts about a half hour.I have not been to a cocktail class($35), but I do know that they feature some of the best names in Pittsburgh cocktails. Verde, Andy's, Meat and Potatoes, Union Pig and Chicken, Salt of the Earth, and Drinksburgh(a blog about - guess what) are all places where class instructors have hailed from, and you can see many of the creations on their website. -All in all, Wigle is an excellent spirit and excellent new addition to Pittsburghs fast-changing cocktail landscape. Be sure to stop by, have a taste and maybe learn a little bit about whiskey and PA history while you're at it.
<review# 330,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/9/2012,7/8/2012,75,52,7,4,2>Once upon a time.............I had decent eyebrows. Then one day my husband pointed out the fact that I had two mismatched, ugly ass eyebrows (ok, HE didn't say they were ugly, but they were hidious). I blame it on the fact that I had no job at the time. Clearly, I had too much free time on my hands and the obvious answer to fill up my time was to pluck one eyebrow. What about the other eyebrow, you ask? I don't have an answer. Fast forward a few years later and I have found the answer to all of my eyebrow woes at Anna Skin Care. Anna herself is super sweet. Her shop, nestled on Walnut St, is airy, bright, and clean. She took the time to listen to what I wanted and gave me several tips on how to manage my eyebrows until my next waxing. The end result was exactly what I hoped for! Although I've seen several waxers over many years (not here in PA), Anna's work has been the best and I will definitely be back. Next time I might just have to treat myself to a facial as well!
<review# 331,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/9/2012,7/7/2012,94,114,,8,3>So, it is my honor to give the first review of Shadyside Dentistry. Why, you might ask? Because in general, I despise dentists. Not the people, but the work. With someone who was born with teeth from (expletive here), it tends to be a terrible experience, each and every time I am sitting on the dentist chair. I discovered Shadyside Dentistry through a friend because I needed someone in the city and near work (1 block away, I might add) and I couldn't have been more pleased. Upon my visit, I found out that I had to have a bit of work done because I had not been able to see a dentist for a short while due to insurance. This will never happen again, I promise you. Either way, my hygienist, Ms. Gonzales was the nicest, funniest, and most calming person I've ever met in a dentist's office before. She not only understood my angst for the profession, but actually made me feel relaxed and gave me a simple explanation of how I was going to be fine. If you get the opportunity, ask for her. The dentist? The big man himself is amazing. I had several appointments within a short time frame, and they couldn't have been more of a joy to work with. Dr. Leahy was the nicest man who took his time understanding my needs (and wants) and also was able to work on my teeth in a way that did not frighten me. I may be well into adulthood now, but childhood nightmares still haunt me in those offices. He was caring, never pushy, and I can't believe I'm saying this .. a dentist I enjoy seeing. That may be the first time that's ever come out of my mouth.Long story short ... they're awesome.ps ... they have a dog (now two, I believe) that roams the office. Nothing could be better than that.
<review# 332,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/9/2012,7/6/2012,102,199,4,5,2>I stopped at TIsha's to kill time before the library down the street opened (CLP-Brookline).  I had a coffee and pretended to read a book...while actually eavesdropping on the locals.1.) The coffee was excellent enough to drink black.  No milk, no sugar, no frou-frou flavored syrup.  Strong but not too bitter--just the way I like it.2.) The regulars all stopped talking to look at me when I walked in, which was amusing.  But their conversations quickly resumed and were really interesting--the who's cheatin'/Pittsburgh sports gossip you can only get a true down & dirty diner.Put it this way: I was so thrilled with the experience that I tipped more than double my (small) bill.
<review# 333,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/28/2012,7/5/2012,50,62,5,7,4>Market Square... the least square of all the squares. Unless you are talking physically. Then it is very square.  Ever since I was but a wee lad age 7 or 8 and my father brought me to Pittsburgh i dreamt of working downtown. Now that I do I've fallen in love with Market Square.This review is in two parts, the first covering history, the second an actual review. ++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++­++++++++++++History Part: (Skip if you just want to hear about today. I'll see you down below.)This historic center of town lies equidistant from both the Allegheny and "The Mon" Rivers. Historically this was the center of the town that was built outside Fort Pitt- the Town known as Pittsburgh. It was called the Diamond originally (much like the famous Diamond in Ligonier, just East) and over time a Market sprung up known as "The Diamond Market". The Square has been through a lot over the years. In the 1800's this was not only the physical center of the city, but it was a central stop on The Underground Railroad. When you come here, don't forget that this is historic and hallowed ground. In the redevelopment and "renaissance" of the 1950s in PIttsburgh the square got cleaned up, and was given a facelift. This period of rebirth helped the city emerge from it's dirty dusty lamps-on-at-noon image. In the 1980's PPG built their world famous PPG place, occupying one quadrant of thesquare and putting another plaza right next to Market Square. Most recently, Market Square received a major overhaul again. This time the roads were rerouted around the outer edges, and you can no longer (legally) drive through the center of square. This is nice as it lends itself to better use. ++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++­++++++++++++REVIEW PART (for those who don't wanna learn about the past and just want to know if they should go to Market Square):GO. It is awesome. There are a few chain places here now, but also some great local eateries. Chains include (but not limited to): Subway, Dunkin Donuts, Starbucks.Local places: Nicholas Coffee, NOLA, Las Velas, Primanit Brothers, Diamond Market Grill, Prantl's Bakery, Mancini's Bread Company and others. Also, in the basement of PPG you will find the PPG Food court (open mostly for lunch, and a couple of places for breakfast.)Also right off Market Square just two doors up Fifth you will find little gems like George Aiken's and Cherry's Diner. In the summer months there is a Farmer's Market every Thursday, free music almost every day and events put on by the Pittsburgh Downtown Partnership (PDP). In one of the few admirable moves that LML (Little Mayor Lukey) has made, the paying-for-parking-until-way-after-dark-and-­robbing-the-citizens-of-pittsburgh-law was repealed and you can now park in and around the square and all over downtown for free after 6:00pm. This is awesome because I can now work a little late, have my significant other meet me for a nice dinner in Market Square and then drive home after the rush is all over. Also, they recently added $5 valet parking in the Square. The only unfortunate part of this is that the valet has taken up quite a few spaces, but it's nice to feel affluent by pulling up, and giving your car to kid and saying "first gear has a lot more power than you'd think. Take'er easy." Just hope they haven't seen Ferris Bueller.  I'm getting off topic again. Apologies. Yes. Go to Market Square. Take a date there before a show, have some beers before a Steeler Game (to save money) or before a Pirate game (to save yourself) or just spend an evening here enjoying the alfresco dining and one of the prettiest cities in our country... nay... on this planet.
<review# 334,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/27/2012,7/3/2012,60,584,,4,2>I ate here this past Friday evening with a dining companion.  Upon arriving at the restaurant I was a bit disappointed with the outside look as it looked a bit rundown.  The inside originally did not do too much for me either as the chairs seemed to be set up in an awkward fashion.  It was then that I noticed they were all facing the large chalkboard menu and it suddenly made sense.  They also had a nice array of paintings on the walls that went nicely with their wall color.For dinner both my dining companion and myself decided upon having the four course sampler.  We were told that some of the items that came out might be on the menu while others would not.  Our first course was a salad course and I got a beet salad while my dining companion ended up with mixed greens containing a citrus vinaigrette, cumquats and almonds.  Both were plated nicely and has a good taste to them.  Our second course was a soup course and I received a soup that was not on the menu that tasted much like a butternut squash soup, only a bit sweeter, while my dining companion ended up with a leek and chive soup.  As I am generally not a fan of butternut squash I did not really enjoy mine too much but the leek and chives was very good.  Our third course was the entree course and I received some fried duck on the bone over top of Brussels sprouts and granola in a orange sauce while my dining companion had some rabbit with vegetables and a type of mint or lemon jelly.  My duck was good although a bit greasier than I would like but the rabbit was fantastic.  I have never actually had rabbit before and this was definitely a nice was to try it.  For dessert I ended up being served the local goat cheese while my dining companion was served a chocolate cake with grapefruit sorbet on top.  The goat cheeses' plating was very aesthetically pleasing with two small pieces of fried cheese on the side inside of which was the goat cheese and the rest of the white space being used up by three increasingly smaller circles of balsamic vinegar and local honey coming for the two corners towards the middle.  It also tasted wonderful and I wished that I had more. I was also able to taste the grapefruit sorbet which was nice and my dining companion stated that she enjoyed the chocolate cake.  Overall it was a nice meal and I thought that the chef did a great job.  The one that I did find odd for the evening was the live music that was being played while we were eating.  It wasn't necessarily a bad thing and at times was nice, just odd considering the intimate setting and type of restaurant that we were in.The bottom line for me is that I will be back to Bite Bistro in the near future.  It was nice to get a chef's tasting for a reasonable price and the food accompanying it was good.  The restaurant is also BYOB.
<review# 335,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/10/2011,7/2/2012,393,254,4,7,3>What a gem. What a treasure. I don't think there are truly enough adjectives to describe this place. The Pretzel Shop is just one of those places you as a Pittsburgher need to go and try out and it's definitely a place for a tourist to visit as well.Being located in the South Side I kind of feel that it gets masked by the 100's of bars which in a way makes it all the more better. It's one of those places that gets better each time you go. It's pretty small so it's easy to miss it but once you walk through those doors it's like your hit pretzel wonderland.My personal favorite is the ham and cheese pretzel sandwich. A pretzel sandwich with real ham, not lunch meat ham, I'm talking Easter Sunday ham. I also love that they heat it up for you. If you're a turkey fan, they have those too. In addition to that they've got your traditional pretzel as well as many other flavors. You really have you pick of many delicious pretzel treats. If you happen to go soon, pick me up their veggie pizza on a pretzel. I've been dying to try it. Just make sure you take cash since they don't take credit/debit cards.
<review# 336,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/5/2012,7/1/2012,207,401,6,6,4>Oh no.  I wanted there to be something wrong with this place so very desperately.  I was so glad I hated Bruster's Ice Cream so that I wouldn't be tempted to ever go there again.  No luck here though.  Alas, I am going to be thinking about walking over there all the time to try the endless combinations of fat free yogurt and fresh toppings.  What am I going to do?  Anyone out there want to be my sponsor?  Can I call you up every time I get an urge to dive into a cup of espresso topped with Ghirardelli dark chocolate?  Last night I split a small cup of strawberry topped with fresh strawberries, kiwi and tapioca pearls they call boba filled with mango.  Damn it.  Damn it all.  I will say it's a bit pricey but you do have to pay for quality and this tastes like quality to me.
<review# 337,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/7/2012,6/30/2012,138,226,4,6,4>Cupcakes that speak Pittsburghese? Why not? This tiny but charming bakery sits around the corner from Sauce on Bridgeville's main drag. I walked in at 3:45 on a Wednesday afternoon and there were 3 women ahead of me and only about a dozen cupcakes left in the case in only two flavors. Lucky for me the ladies were just looking and I was able to snag a few cupcakes to try. After the nice gal behind the counter boxed up two of the "Hunkey Dorey"- A cinnamon vanilla cake with a maple butter cream icing that is sprinkled with bacon bits...yes...bacon bits, the real deal too and two of the "Pilla Top"-A chocolate and graham cracker cake with a toasted marshmallow frosting topped with a hunk of a Hershey bar and a bit of graham cracker, another woman comes running out with a tray of plain chocolate with vanilla frosting "Dahntahn Classic" and chocolate with chocolate frosting "Chocolate Canipshun". Dang, can I get some of those too? Sure, a half dozen is $10. TEN DOLLARS!?!? I've been to plenty of fancy cupcake joints in big cities and small towns but I do believe that is the cheapest gourmet cupcake I have ever seen. I quickly pay the lady before she changes her mind about the price. It took quite a bit of willpower to ignore that pretty pink box on the seat next to me on the drive home. I split one of each of the fancier flavors with my daughter as soon as I got in the door. She quickly wolfed down the bacon cupcake and pronounced it delicious. Then she grabbed the half of the s'mores cupcake with the Hershey bar piece on it before I could object. "mmmmmffmmmmffmmmfm". The sound of half a cupcake in a happy mouth. I took a little more time but I would generally have to agree with her. The bacon cupcake had a super cinnamon-y cake that had a nice bite of spice though the cake was just a bit on the dry side. The super creamy and not-too-sweet maple frosting helped. The crispy, salty bacon bits gave the whole thing a breakfast-y vibe. The s'mores cupcake was darn near perfect. Velvety chocolate cake with bits of graham cracker in it, topped with what seemed like marshmallow fluff, slightly toasted. It's amazing that neither was overly sweet. I'm so excited to see a cupcake shop out this way. The way things have started for them, it seems they could be here a while. I hope they can keep it up!
<review# 338,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/21/2011,6/29/2012,40,52,,5,2>My wife (who was the girlfriend at the time of my my previous review!) and I just visited the new location and it was fantastic. The food was as good as ever and the space is great, if not a bit overly ambitious.We both tried the Surprise 3 Course Vegetarian meal, which is basically, chef's choice for three courses. All were fantastic, but the standouts were really the baked cheese starter and this corn/tomato sauce/some kind of grain middle course. I don't know what that second dish was, but boy was it tasty! The service was excellent as before, so nothing to update here.My only concerns are 1) will they be able to pack in the customers into this huge (about 100 seats) space and 2) what's the parking situation? On a weeknight we parked about a block away, which was fine, but not ideal. If they do valet on weekends, this shouldn't be an issue, but something to look out for.Give Legume a try!
<review# 339,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/29/2012,1/1/2013,102,290,2,6,3>Hands down a great experience! I called yesterday as the driver headlight on my car was out and asked if I needed to make an appointment. The woman on the phone said to just stop right by during their hours. I went by this morning and their (small) lot was full so I just sat in my car while I believe who was Tim was finished chatting with another guy. I continued to sat in my car for a couple of minutes while Tim quickly inspected my headlight. Unfortunately he did not have any replacement bulbs but ordered them right on the spot while I was there and told me to come back any time in the afternoon. Fast forward a few hours later. I  just popped by and after popping my hood and going into their office to pay, my headlight was replaced! Friendly, honest, fair and quick service. No BS. Highly recommend Walter's Automotive.
<review# 340,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/14/2012,12/31/2012,39,148,2,4,3>I have to update my review again!Came back here for dinner after a long time away.   We happened to be there on a Tuesday night which was cream of mushroom soup night. This was the best soup EVER!  I'm not kidding.   The rest of the food was good, but this soup it was the reason I tried making cream of mushroom soup at home for lunch this week (mine didn't measure up...yet).  I think I am going to have to go back and do some more research (yeah we will call it research and not Sharon F. having an addiction to this cream of mushroom soup).As usual the service was great.  We told our server that we were on a low carb diet and she made sure that the minute bread touched our table she swooped in and took away the temptation!We also ordered the mussels in red curry sauce which are always delicious, Rotem G. had the steak with vegetables instead of the frittes which they easily substituted for us, and I had the duck which the kitchen served over vegetables mixed with sausage and they left off the sweet glaze (low carb).  All of their help in keeping us honest on our diet was greatly appreciated!  We will definitely be back and on a Tuesday so I can get some more of that cream of mushroom soup!
<review# 341,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/12/2012,12/30/2012,93,457,,10,2>So I want to start this by saying I am one of those people who are notorious for not being able to keep waxing appointments.  I have a tight schedule and if something has to go, it is usually this unfortunately (which all too often results in me looking like snaggle brow).  My brows were getting totally out of control and I knew I was going to be coming home from work through the North Hills and I recalled seeing this place and wondering about it.  I quickly gave them a call and scheduled for later in the day.  I am very happy that I made that call.  Everyone was super friendly, and she did an awesome job (I believe her name was Katie).  Traditionally, I would pay about $20 for my brows... to my surprise, it was free being a first timer.  And on top of that, they have "unlimited" packages available.  What better way for me to force myself to become compliant with keeping appointments?  I paid $195 for unlimited brow waxing for 13 months... sounds like a pretty awesome deal to me!  Especially when she did a much better job than anywhere else that I have been locally! Great value, great service, clean environment... A++++++++++ if you ask me!
<review# 342,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/15/2012,12/29/2012,138,226,,5,4>Great quality furniture and accessories, gently used, at affordable prices. The store is nicely arranged and decorated so you can see things put together and even get ideas for decorating. There are also some nice professionally framed prints and paintings that are priced at less than just the frame would cost. The website is updated with photos regularly and they will take your info and give you a call if you are looking for something specific. Everyone I've dealt with there has been helpful and super nice. Plus you can do some good while saving some money-proceeds support local community service projects. A bargain and a good deed, all at the same time? Love it!
<review# 343,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/17/2012,12/28/2012,101,324,,4,2>Hidden Gem Downtown!Where has NOLA been all my life.   The trifecta was complete.   Great Drinks, Food, and Ambience.The waitstaff made this place for me.   I had some friends in from different parts of the country and decided to be the cruise director for destination Pittsburgh.   I really did not know what to expect except a place where I assumed I could get some cajun food.We provided a table near the bar because the place was reserved for the night (poor planning on my part but I willl take luck anytime!).   We were quickly introduced to the drink of the day (Hennessy was doing a Promo) - a Hennessy Mojito.    It was very good and went down easy.We ordered our food.  I had the shrimp and grits - it was awesome.All phases clicked and when the band showed up - it just took it over the top.Summary:Price:   $15-30 for quality foodAtmosphere:   Trendy, fun, friendly.   There is some outside seating for the nicer evenings.  The waitstaff was great.Quality:  Very good - what more can you expect.I hope my fellow yelpers enjoy it as much as my friends and I did.   I will be back.
<review# 344,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/4/2012,12/27/2012,44,101,5,7,4>After months of reading the few-star rants about this place, I ended up in Sliberty for a one-woman performance piece at the Kelly Strayhorn (which was shamefully low-attendance for a spectacular performer of her caliber) and needed to have dinner before.  Being on foot with a blind lady meant our walking distance choices were limited. BRGR? I don't think so. So we were flip flopping in deciding between Waffle Shop, Ethiopian, or Pig N Chicken, and we decided to give Pigs and Chickens a try.I have to say...I wasn't expecting to actually be pleased by a restaurant owned by one of the premiere 'foodie' leaders in da burgh. I was expecting a big check for toy food that taste good, but wouldn't fill me up.  I am very happy to report that I was wrong.It is an odd little joint. The atmosphere is a bit strange.  A large open space, with two rows of old style country banquet hall picnic benches, and what looks like barn wood covering the walls. No art to break it up. Just giant walls of brown wood. Felt kind of barn-like, but maybe that's the intent in the theme.  We went at an 'early' time, so there was no crowd, but I would say that the idea of someone sitting on the bench right next to me during a 'busy' time would be a little off-putting, especially considering the girth of many burgh eaters, but then again since no one tends to talk to anyone next to them in the burgh, it might be kind of cool to actually break down that wall, turn to the right or left and say 'Mmmmmm...hi!'The music was 1950's hop music which seemed a little out of place, but it sure was fun, and got my body in an up mood, feet bopping on the floor while I chewed.At first the staff seemed a little typical Pittsburgh uppity bistroid 'disinterested' and aloof. The kind of sloppy wannabeanartist fuzzy captain caveman beard, the sewing spindles in the earlobes...but the waitress who took our order turned that around.  She was helpful, charming, and very polite and made the meal a pleasant experience.And the meal was the MOST pleasant surprise. The menu is limited, and at first seemed a little pricey, with most 'sides' being ala carte, but they offered a couple of combo 'deals', and since my friend tends to (usually) eat like a bird, we decided to split the two-meat combo.  The choices were two of ribs, brisket and pork shoulder, and included one side and a chunk of cornbread. My friend opted for a second side.So we ordered the brisket, pork shoulder, baked beans (and my friend asked the waitress if they were out of a can to which the waitress responded 'Oh GOD no!''), cole slaw, and the cornbread - and two sodas (COKE PEOPLE - HOORAY!).The platter that arrived had bowls individually containing the order, except the brisket which was in a pile on some 'picnic' type paper.  The portions were ample, and every bit of it home made and delicious. Even the baked beans were from scratch, and included fresh herbs to the extent that my tongue couldn't figure out if it was rosemary or sage - which the waitress investigated to find it was thyme. FRESH thyme.  The meats were cooked beautifully, sauced beautifully, tender and juicy. The pork was the fave, as the brisket seemed to lose its spark as the time went by and it cooled off, but I think that's pretty normal for brisket.My friend, the bird, had two helpings of everything, and there were plenty of leftovers to drag with us to the theater until we caught the ride to take them home.That two-meat combo was $20. $2 for the extra side, and the price of the sodas. The bill was just under $30, and we were well fed.Now, bear in mind, it IS called Union PIG and CHICKEN.  It's a barbecue place. I think what perhaps was intended to be another uppity bistroid was leveled off to be an actual pleasant and delicious restaurant experience...for meat eaters.And it was a very smart move, especially for the neighborhood it's in.  Great job.Now, with all of that young wannabeartist air floating around...slap some art on those walls! And keep that food cooking!
<review# 345,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/6/2012,12/26/2012,107,111,,8,2>:)Yes, this place makes me smile.When you walk in, it's classic deli/diner feel that hasn't been updated since who knows when (maybe never?) makes me feel right at home.Every single time that I have dined here the super friendly waitstaff has gone above and beyond for us. They talk to us, play with our daughter, make sure our food is brought out quickly and that everything is correct. Even the other diner patrons are wonderful!The amount of food you get for the cheap price is crazy and awesome. The cheese steak sandwich that I've fallen in love with is huge! Haha, but you better believe that I eat almost every bite ;) I've heard amazing things about their chipped ham sandwiches, perhaps one of those and a delicious milkshake will be tried next. Probably this weekend :)
<review# 346,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/27/2012,12/25/2012,34,86,2,5,4>This review is for the taco cart--muy delicioso!  As others have said, $2/taco is a steal--I ate 2 for lunch and was full until 7!  Yesterday they had chorizo, carne asada (beef), and lomo (tenderloin).  On Mondays and Thursdays they have beef tongue as well.  The toppings bar is totally what makes it--pico de gallo, salsa verde, a variety of hot salsas, guacamole sauce, and basically ever other topping you can imagine (except cotija--didn't see any cheeses but that was fine by me!).  The corn tacos themselves are great but the hefty portion of meat is a lot for them to hold--my second one tore after the chorizo juice soaked through.  Just be sure to bring a fork and grab some napkins!  There's not a designated sitting area but there's usually a crowd around there.  We took ours to go and then ate over by the Porch.  The cooks were very friendly and will put up with you trying to practice your Spanish if you're so inclined.  Voy a volver!
<review# 347,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/7/2012,12/24/2012,48,142,4,5,4>So impressed with my first time here!  I was immediately greeted, upon entrance, by two friendly servers behind the bar.  They kindly and patiently discussed the menu with me, as it was my first time there, telling me their personal favorites and describing the dishes in great detail for me.  Finally, after much internal debate, I decided to start with the pork buns and follow with the Chiang Mai noodles.  One of my all-time favorite Thai dishes!The pork buns were delicious!  The buns were nontradition in that they weren't sealed; instead, they were kind of like a fat taco around the pork/cilantro/pickle/scallion filling.  The pork was nicely done, crispy with the right amount of sweetness, and the cilantro and scallions were super fresh and aromatic.  Yum!The Chiang Mai noodles might be the best version of Chiang Mai I've had in Pittsburgh, with its main rival being Thai Gourmet's Chiang Mai Mee.  But I think Noodlehead's dish is better.  The egg noodles come in this delightfully curly shape instead of the typical blasé spaghetti-like shape and were cooked to a perfect chewy (but not at all soggy) texture.  The sauce was delicious -- flavors were exciting but very balanced.  I ordered a 4 out of 5 on the spicy scale, and it was the perfect amount of heat (I am used to regularly eating fairly spicy foods).  I almost ordered a 5 out or 5, but one of the servers told me that he recommended starting with a 4 and offered to bring out a side of additional spice if it wasn't hot enough for me.  He even followed up to make sure it was an adequate spice level.  I was glad for his recommendation, because a 4 was definitely more than enough spicy!  Ok, last thing about the noodles -- they also come with super crispy noodles on top which you then mix in for an amaaaazing crunchy texture in addition to the chewy egg noodles.  SO GOOD!The atmosphere here is nice as well.  It's super roomy and spacious, and the decor is a mix of elegant and modern and eclectic.  There's a kind of nature-y theme with lots of wood and plants, some eclectic lights and furnishings.The thing other than food that impressed me the most, though, was the service.  The servers were soooo friendly!  There was a table near me who dropped a glass that broke, and when they were embarassed/apologetic, the server was incredibly nice about it.  He kept saying it wasn't a problem at all and that the most important thing is that the people sitting at the table were all OK.  And they took care of the broken glass in a jiffy!Remember they are BYOB and don't serve dessert.  But grab ice cream from Oh Yeah! next door (or dessert at Casbah, if you're feeling fancy) and you're set for the night!I'm so glad this place opened and look forward to revisiting... I want to try the Sukothai.  if my second visit is just as good, I'm bumping them up to 5 stars!
<review# 348,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/19/2012,12/23/2012,31,46,2,3,3>Unlike the other reviewers, I didn't come here for the haircuts and the hot stones - I came for the aerial yoga!I tried this style (or something similar) in Cleveland a few months ago and was not at all impressed.  The teacher was ditzy and inexperienced and insisted on referring to the hammock as a "hah-MOCK."  At one point I was too far forward, with my hands on the floor and my feet in the hah-MOCK, and started flopping around like a fish out of water...but rather than correcting me, the teacher just laughed along with everyone else.  Boo!So needless to say, I agreed to come along with some yoga buddies with some trepidation...but Maddy's class was night and day from the Cleveland fiasco!  He was strong, knowledgeable, helpful, genuinely friendly, gave frequent hands on corrections, and left us feeling light as a feather.  Given that four of the five hammocks were taken up with my friends and me, we were a bit silly at times, but Maddy was flexible and ran with it (his one super serious regular student...maybe not so much).Aerial Yoga - give it a try!  You'll fly!
<review# 349,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/31/2013,1/31/2014,39,80,5,7,6>Have you ever woken up in the morning and said, "Gee, self, I sure do wish there was a place I could swing by for a good old-fashioned Scottish meat pie, or maybe some shaved roast beef with mac-and-cheese on top, and finish it all off with a chocolate-chip-oatmeal-toffee ice cream sandwich." Have you ever been on your afternoon stroll, taking a break from work, and thought, "Oh, gee, self, if only we were in Edinburgh, we could stop in one of those quaint little shops and grab a deep fried Mars bar..."No? Well, maybe it's time you did.The Pub Chip Shop has meat pies. And chicken pies. And vegan vindaloo pies. And sausage rolls. And Scotch eggs (hard-boiled egg, coated in sausage, breaded). The Pub Chip Shop has sandwiches. Chicken sandwiches. And fish sandwiches. And a shaved roast beef topped with mac-and-cheese sandwiches. And chili dogs. I'm not even kidding.The Pub Chip Shop has desserts. Home-made apple pies. And home-made ice cream sandwiches. And deep fried Mars bars.The Pub Chip Shop has mushy peas. And fries. And tater tots (done their way). And cole slaw.The best part? It's all mouth-watering, saliva-inducing, tell-me-what-I-need-to-do-to-get-you-to-deliver-­to-my-house-every-day delicious.The best UK food I've ever had happened right here in Pittsburgh.
<review# 350,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/22/2014,1/30/2014,67,61,,8,3>I made reservations for brunch this past Sunday only to receive a call that they were not providing brunch on this particular Sunday, only breakfast. Which after reading a few reviews, probably was a good thing!I started with a Bellini that was yummy, and I found out later when I got my bill part of their breakfast cocktail special. +1 I ordered the omelette with truffle oil and drunken goat cheese. Overall it was OK, the truffle oil was not overpowering but to me I would have preferred that it was. :)I forgot to mention that we started our meal with complimentary crab cakes and asparagus +100 the crab cakes were awesome and so was the grilled asparagus!We ended the meal with complimentary chocolate mousse cups!In total we spent almost 3 hours in this beautiful old house and we probably could have stayed longer!! Walking from floor to floor you're treated to beautiful art and amazing architecture that you just really can't find anymore.What a treat and a delight to have in Pittsburgh!!
<review# 351,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/31/2013,1/29/2014,50,210,,8,4>Great concept.  This takeout place supports conflict awareness and tries to catalyze conversation about these hostilities.   Conflict Kitchen only serves food (and it's delicious) from countries the US is in conflict with.  Some of the employees try to visit the country or nearby country prior to serving the food, and learn from locals or refugees about the food.  They also interview and have conversations with the people, and they put this information into pamphlets about entertainment, art, customs, etc...Conflict Kitchen has served food from Cuba and now North Korea.  For North Korea, they visited South Korea and had conversations with refugees.  The line does get a bit long during lunch when school is in session.  The pamphlets are challenging to read as it is many quotes, with no paragraphs, summary or transition.  Some pictures, maps, or images would also be nice.All in all--great idea and tasty food.
<review# 352,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/15/2014,1/28/2014,40,66,,7,4>Easily one of the best trendy meals I've ever had. I'm usually not a fan of the small plates concept, but it works for this place. We had reservations at 5, arrived 10 mins early to an empty restaurant and we're seated promptly. Our server, Sena, was spectacular. Now that I think about it, most of the staff was pretty spot on. They were all friendly without being fake or entirely too upbeat. Sena hooked us up with some fantastic recommendations and we regret nothing. The American dim sum was a treat, with the pig belly and shrimp salad being my favorites. The short rib cheddar biscuits are the stuff dreams are made of, and the Mai Tai's we ordered were stiff. I didn't mind because for $10/cocktail I expect my drink to have a kick. For our main dishes we had the Tasso ham flatbread (which I think was one of the better values, size wise) and the pig face sandwich. I 100 forgot that it was the face of the pig (let's blame it on that Mai Tai) and cringed slightly as I bit into it, expecting a crunch. To my surprise it was smokey and tender and tasted like very high quality stuff. Each table is adorned with house made condiments and I thoroughly enjoyed the relish and the soy sauce. The chili sauce didn't have the kick I was expecting, so it was a bit forgettable. We ended the meal on a weird note, with the restaurants take on Apple pie with cheese. The dish was apple pie filling, Cheezit ice cream, a bit of pie crust and a Cheezit crumble. My friend and I both took a bite and was expecting a sweet ice cream, but to our surprise it was smokey and more on the savory side. Once we got past that, it was smooth sailing and absolutely delicious. By the time we left (around 6:15) the place was almost packed. This is certainly a very memorable meal and I can't wait to be back!
<review# 353,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/26/2013,1/27/2014,66,239,3,8,3>There aren't enough words in the English language to convey how much of a fan I am of this place. There are two reasons I say this: the food, and the service.I guess I'm getting in the long line of fans exclaiming that the food here is fantastic, but, it really is! If you want a great burger, then hightail it over here for the Shipwreck, a masterpiece combination of Brie cheese, caramelized onions with bacon, arugula, and white truffle aioli. They had me at 'Brie'! My friend snagged a bite of this and said he wanted to come back just to have a whole one.Not a burger person? These guys do veggie burgers (I've heard good things about these) and also offer pizza and wraps. As a note: their incredible fries - which taste like real potatoes, quite a rare feat when you think about it - are not automatically included with the burgers, but considering they're 1/2 pound masterpieces, you don't necessarily need an order of fries, do you? If you want an alternative side or appetizer, I've had the spinach dip and pita twice and absolutely love it. There's a nice kick to the dip and it's nice and thick, complete with freshly baked pita chips. I think I'm drooling just thinking about them right now...And the service? It doesn't get better. My friend and I were actually here for a special event, and the bartender was fantastic. From checking in on all of us in our massive party to offering us specially made drinks on the spot invented just for our special occasion, this guy went above and beyond the call of duty for a bartender. I feel like I haven't said enough about Wingharts yet but I don't know what else to say. The staff is wonderful, the food is fresh - they told me they don't freeze their ingredients and go for local whenever possible - and my next meal here can't come soon enough!
<review# 354,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/4/2013,1/26/2014,93,457,,5,3>The day before Thanksgiving, we were both done with work early and decided to meander in here when we had gone to Starbucks.  It is a new, all menswear store on Carson St. next to Figleaf.  We were very pleasantly surprised by what we encountered. Despite some of the more urban apparel which is not my hubby's style, there is a lot of other urban prep or other menswear that is pretty fabulous.  The shoe selection had some very unique choices, and the jackets were great too to be more specific.  The gentleman working was the owner and he could not have been more helpful... he was awesome.  If you are looking for good service, unique threads and shoes at a fair/reasonable cost, come here.  You won't be disappointed.  We weren't :)
<review# 355,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/31/2013,1/25/2014,757,406,4,10,7>This toy store is very unique and the shop keeps are so charming and helpful. They greet you intimately and genuinely with a warmth and sincerity that has been unmatched from chain stores. This store is magical and I am so thankful to have it Downtown.  It is truly a special place.  I really wish there were more special occasions that I could celebrate just so I had an excuse to spend more time at S.W Randalls.  Every inch of this store is covered in wonderment.  My latest purchase was beautiful heart pendent that catches the light and sparkles like diamond. It was marked down and only cost me about $30.00.  If you were to see this necklace you would think it cost $200.00 or more.  I really do cherish my pendant.  S.W Randalls for the longest time they have had a running sale where all their jewelry is 40%.  Shopping at S.W Randalls is a real treat for me.
<review# 356,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/19/2013,1/24/2014,74,65,6,9,7>notion, where do I even begin?  I came in skeptical and almost ready to hate on you, and I fully repent of my prejudice.This is, by far, the best meal I've had in Pittsburgh, and among the best meals I've ever had in my life.  Our experience was flawless. A lovely, unhurried culinary adventure that lasted an hour and half.The guy who originally greeted us seemed a little austere in his manner, but that's a negligible detail to me, especially since our server was polite, professional, yet warm.  They pay a lot of attention to detail regarding presentation, timing the courses to be placed in front of each diner simultaneously.The interior has a very clean, minimalist appearance.  A modern look, but feels slightly stiff? White linens, white napkins, white upholstery, with a few earthy tones here and there.  There's a giant glass art piece on the ceiling which I originally thought was lighting, but I think it's for aesthetic purposes alone. But like I say in every review: WHO CARES. LET'S TALK ABOUT THE FOOD.We chose the 6-course chef's tasting. $85/person. Worth every penny.Every dish was a "revelation," as my husband so rapturously put it. Every course was wonderfully balanced, nicely seasoned, aromatic, surprising, and exciting.  From the kitchen to the table, each element of the dish seemed to focus on giving the diner a full sensory-experience.  The plates/bowls were so pretty, the dishes were colorful and harmoniously arranged, the textures of each dish were delightful. The words bubbly, crisp, tender, velvety, creamy are just some of the words that come to mind. ONE: amuse-bouche #1- Citron soda with sweetened basil seeds poured tableside. Bright, crisp, invigorating. Tasted like I bit into a perfect, fizzy clementine. Great palate-cleanser.TWO: amuse-bouche #2 - Honeydew soup with cucumber, steelhead roe, and lime foam. Gorgeous, translucent soup (also poured tableside). Sweet, syrupy soup balanced with the acidity of the lime foam, met with salty bursts from the roe, and refreshing crunch from the cucumber.  THREE: Meat course #1. Beef tartare lettuce wraps - my favorite. No lie, I was pretty skeptical of some white dude trying to pull of bulgogi flavors, but my bad chef... I BOW DOWN. We were given these adorable iceberg lettuce disks, and inside it, we were to place a bit of the black garlic paste, clear habeñero gel, soy pearls, peanuts, kiwi, candied cilantro--and of course, the beef tartare, which was nested beneath all of those delicious elements. First of all: soy pearls, my friends. SOY PEARLS. It was like eating caviar, but it contained the "korean flavors" that are enigmatically listed on the menu. Ooh mommy, that umami. Kiwi to add some tangy sweetness (and "tenderize" the meat), peanuts for aromatic crunch, candied cilantro for a herby bite... all encapsulated in the sweet lettuce for a delicious, bite-sized call to the motherland. If you can't tell, I'm still obsessed with this one.FOUR: Grain course. Millet, fennel seeds, and quinoa. Little sprouts (forgot name) with creme fraiche, kimchi liquid, minced garlic. Was very surprised by this one. The grain mixture was perfect with the creme fraiche--rich, buttery, chewy, and sweet bites of grain which were balanced with the spicy, fermented flavor of the kimchi liquid.FIVE: Fish course. Halibut. The most exceptional piece of cooked fish I've ever had in my mouth. Flaky, tender, juicy. It came resting in a dill custard sauce, garnished with dill, daikon, and little tender flowers (forgot name). They poured a horseradish cream sauce tableside, which was warm, foamy, milky, and zesty. Mixing the dill custard and horseradish made a excellent mixture to flavor the fish with, though the fish was so superbly seasoned, it didn't need anything else.SIX: Meat course #2. Duck. Parsnip puree, zinfandel jus, roasted black plum, garnished with a flash-fried _____? I don't know what it was... chicken skin? It was freaking delicious. Duck was slightly salty for my taste, but I am someone who is pretty sensitive to salt. The creamy and smooth parsnip puree paired neatly with the wonderfully juicy, firm, lightly gamey duck. Roasted plum added a lovely tart sweetness to the dish, along with the Zinfandel jus.SEVEN: Dessert #1 - black sesame cake, yuzu puree, white chocolate... and few things I didn't write because I went to TOWN on this. I looove me some black sesame desserts, and this did not fail me. Amazing, nutty goodness in fluffy cake form. So fluffy I'm gonna diiiiieee. BUT THAT YUZU PUREE. My mouth won't stop watering. So delicate, citrusy, fragrant, and smooth. Phenomenal.EIGHT: Dessert #2 - Nutella cake, banana, orange, dehydrated chocolate. WHAAAT. Nutella. Enough said.NINE: Dessert #3 - Handmade chocolate truffles and graham crackers. Amazing, melty truffles. I hate graham crackers but could've eaten a several boxes of these. JUST GO. IT'S MAD BOUGIE, SO $AVE UP AND DRESS UP. I HAVE REACHED THE 5001 CHARACTER LIMIT.
<review# 357,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/6/2014,1/23/2014,113,141,,7,4>This is a nice little joint that fills in the gap that Southside desperately needed...non garbage Mexican food.It's quite tasty, sometimes a little pricey, but generally it's worth your time. I've been here more than a few times at this point and I'd gladly go back. The lunch special is very economical.I worry that their menu may need a tiny bit of trimming down, but perhaps I'm wrong. I just wish they gave out free salsa still :(The dude behind the register has always been quite friendly as well.GL dudes!
<review# 358,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/7/2014,1/22/2014,65,80,3,9,6>I am a huge fan of the Taj Mahal Restaurant, before and after its renovation. The service is always exceptional and the food is amazing. I usually go to the Thursday night dinner buffet but I can also be found there any day that the buffet is open. The food is always fresh and they refill the food very frequently. So if there is not something that is there on your first pass through it is usually filled by the second time you go up. I enjoy the pakora fritters the best. I just love dipping them in the yogurt, mint, and that sweet brown sauce. Then I head to the Chicken Tikka Masala and Goat Curry, spicy and so flavorful. And the one thing that I go up for over and over again, the Palak Paneer. Creamy spinach with cheese cubes cooked in it. I was always put off by this dish because it looks so green and chunky, but one day I braved my fear of it and got some. I have never looked back. This is amazing and so good AND good for you! Spinach is amazing. And their dish is not to be missed.
<review# 359,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/18/2013,6/20/2013,22,121,2,2,2>Yummy!  Me and the hubby stopped after going to the car show Saturday afternoon.  We both got appetizers.  I got the lobster bisque french fries.  Who would have thought this combo works?  It was absolutely delicious!  The hubby got the lobster bisque and liked it very much!  There was no shortage of lobster in the bisque.  There were HUGE chunks of it!  The apps were devine!  I had the seared Ahi Tuna with Jasmine rice and aspargus for my main course.  It was cooked to perfection, not overdone.  The Jasmine rice had excellent flavor.  The hubby got the fried catfish sandwich with fries and thoroughly enjoyed it.  It was big and he said as far as fried catfish, it was some of the best he's had.  The service was great, even though according to our waitress they were short staffed.  The place itself has a very cool vibe.  We will most certainly go back sometime soon!
<review# 360,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/19/2013,6/19/2013,48,120,2,5,1>I love Stage AE. It's the perfect size venue. They are big enough to get some awesome bands but they are small enough that you feel engaged and a part of the music. You don't need a pair of binoculars to see the band. I also like that you can get a 24oz beer for $7.25, which is pretty good for a concert venue...shoot that's good for a bar on the north shore. They have a few beers on tap, some premium beers on tap for outside concerts, and bottled beers.I find that the sound quality is better outside than it is inside. I feel it's really an outdoor venue that also does inside shows. overall this is a great place to go see a show.
<review# 361,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/12/2013,6/18/2013,65,125,1,5,2>It began as a sunny Saturday morning, ripe with possibilities. I was up at 8am to hit the gym with a buddy.  First I noticed a glove on the ground; a glove I knew was in my trunk. I assumed that the glove had somehow become stuck to my person and ended up on the ground as I exited my car the night before. Then I spotted my ice scraper. I still thought, "how strange - how did THAT get stuck to me?" I started to unlock the car when I noticed...glass. Lots of glass. I still stared at the broken window for a solid minute before my brain processed that my pretty new car had been vandalized. Wah.  Fast-forward one annoyingly long conversation with my insurance company and one police report later and I found myself in the waiting room of Ryan's Auto Glass.  After a recommendation by the wonderful Jonathan D. I called Ryan's as a last resort, given that my insurance company (actually, Safelite - my insurance co. is awesome) couldn't help me find an appointment anywhere nearby within the next week.  Manager Joe told me that if I brought my car in by 10:30am, he'd have it out the door by 11:30am. While other shops and my insurance company had insisted that the glass required a special order, Joe offered to send one of his guys out to pick it up immediately.  Joe is a man of his word and I was on the road en route to some Eat 'n Park comfort food by 11:28am sharp. I will never go anywhere else. Ryan's is TOP NOTCH and I couldn't possibly recommend them any more!
<review# 362,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/20/2013,6/17/2013,66,81,2,5,4>I HAVE to eat at this place everytime I head towards Monroeville! On the outside it appears shabby & dilapidated. I remember being afraid to set foot inside during my first visit... But once in, all thoughts of fleeing are instantly replaced by thoughts of how much more of this amazing food can I stuff into myself!!Udipi cafe specializes in South Indian street food but they also serve several North Indian dishes ( pakoras, Chana batura etc). I usually stick with the dosas which are truly crisp & as close as u can get to eating the same dish in India. Of the dosas, I love the paneer & rava masala dosas. A must try is the filter coffee!! A traditional hot drink from South India, this specialty instant coffee will be exactly what you need to round up your meal!
<review# 363,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/24/2013,6/16/2013,27,76,5,5,4>Lets see, My review history is akin to that of a born again virgin. I used to give it up (5 stars) so easy, but now it takes just the right restaurant to get the fiver.I had been waiting to go to Salt for a while, but always seemed to end up elsewhere. Kevin Sousa really has left his foot print on Pittsburgh, and seems to be rather polarizing by some standards.While I was waiting for my family to arrive, I had a drink at the bar with my girlfriend. Their cocktail menu looked pretty good, and I would actually go back there just to drink. I ordered the Rye. I love the matter of fact names for all drinks and food. The Rye was a great drink, and I am anal retentive about Whiskey. If I didnt have a bottle of wine in front of me, I would have loved to try more.My family ordered, and shared several apps: Carrot, Hamachi, Biscuit, and RisottoI think my gf and I were the only people that liked the Hamachi, but I love cured fish.The carrot and biscuit were both dripping with flavor and extremely delicious. The risotto was nice, but nothing spectacular.I ordered the lamb as my main, and also got to try the pork and duck.The lamb and duck were wonderful, and perfectly cooked. Both were succulent and juicy. The pork was also cooked just right.You can tell Salt has its food prep and cooking down to a science.Why 4 stars? Nothing really jumped out at me as otherwordly distinct in flavors. Everything was great, but not a memorable "oh man, I remember back when such and such was on that menu and DAAAAAAAAAAAMN that was good".
<review# 364,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/6/2013,6/15/2013,27,162,2,3,3>I'm soooooo glad Rich C. pointed this gem out to me.  Anytime you can smell an intoxicating aroma well before you can even see its source, you know that some serious grubbage is about to go down.Walk in, and you're greeted with an open and welcoming "dining" room...  more or less a center island (housing a variety of to-die-for sauces and additions for the unreal grilled creations offered) and a set of wrap around wall bars (standing only).The staff were very attentive, and best yet, honest.  When asking for a recommendation, I was steered towards the skirt steak sandwich "hands down" over the premium priced filet equivalent.Be well aware...  this is not a fast casual joint per say.  Each order of meat is hand cut and grilled to order.  The fiancee and I decided to split a sandwich and order a pair of empanadas (which I had, until this point, failed to find a good representation of in PGH), and in whole, it took about 20 minutes from the time we ordered to receive our food.  After tasting it, it was WELL worth it!The steak well deserves the typical, "literally melts in your mouth" tag phrase, and my brother's sausage was equally decadant."Hands down", one of my new favorite stops on our monthly strip adventures!
<review# 365,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/22/2013,6/14/2013,143,349,6,5,5>You know that good puke feeling you sometimes get...when you stuff your face with so much awesomeness that your stomach doesn't have time to catch up and tell your brain to stop eating or you'll explode awesomeness everywhere...well my Burgatory experience was something like that.  But thankfully I didn't explode but felt like I was going to but in the good kinda way.  All I had previously heard about Burgatory was the awesome burgers and shakes so this is what I was determined to try.  I sat at the bar - there was no wait - and ordered the caramel pretzel shake.  How its even possible to capture pure ecstasy in the form of a shake I'll never know, but that's what it was!  It had pieces of crunchy (not soggy) pretzels throughout and with the subtle sweetness of caramel.  I should mention that I restrained myself from inhaling the shake because I had a burger coming that I also wanted to savor.  So after a few large sips, I pushed it to the side anxiously waiting for my custom burger.  Beef patty with peppercorn rub, bourbon bbq, smoke gouda, grilled 'shrooms, arugula and tomato on a wheat bun.  As you can imagine, I felt like I was in Burgatory purgatory waiting for my burger while restraining my whole body from downing the shake.  So after about 20 minutes, I was getting a bit impatient but I told myself to calm the heck down.  But then I noticed that the girl who sat next to me at the bar, but arrived 10 minutes after I did, got her burger.  Then there was a couple across the bar who must have arrived 15-20 minutes after I did who got their food.  At this point it must have been 35-40 minutes with no burger.  My will power to stop drinking the shake had diminished about 20 minutes before so the shake was nearly done.  Now here's a situation which had the potential to be an awful experience and a potential 1-2 star Yelp rating.  But this is how it was saved!  The manager came up to me and apologized for the delay in my food and that she would make sure it comes out as soon as possible.   About 10 minute later, there was my burger all ready for me to eat.  I was told by the waitress that their computer system had crashed right when they entered the order so it must have never gone through.  The manager came to check on me to make sure everything was ok and I said that it was.  She then told me that my whole meal was on them!  Wow - now that's customer service.  While there was a part of me that felt entitled to at least have them discount or comp the burger, I didn't expect them to take care of the shake as well.  To me that was way beyond my expectations but made me really like this place all that much more.    The burger and shake were fantastic and I highly recommend checking this place out.  I know I will!I wish I could have left them an awesome tip but didn't have any cash on me so the next time I go I'll be extra generous with my tip!  I mean really it has to be a sin to eat food that good and not pay for it!
<review# 366,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/28/2013,6/13/2013,110,228,2,7,5>Am I the only one who gets excited for 2 weeks prior to Kennywood?! :) Bobby & I went on Sunday and had a blast! The weather was chilly at first, yet clear skies, and then warmed up just enough for 'perfect Kennywood weather'. Of course we enjoy the coasters, but it's the little rides that remind you of your childhood -- like the bumper cars, musik express, pirate ship, swings, ect that really gives this park history and the family-like feel.But on to the coasters! I've always had a blast no matter how long the wait may be. The new(er) Sky Rocket - the roller coaster - is awesome! Even though it's short lived, the thrill you get is insane! Also, for some reason I ALWAYS make sure to ride the Racers first. I think it's because the line goes quicker so it's a good way to start the day, haha. Even my boyfriend who is terrified of roller coaster rode the Sky Rocket & Phantom's Revenge (proud moment because he literally had a panic attack on the hill of the revenge 2 years in a row & the 1st year he was asking me if the Thunderbolt was scary-- a wooden flipping coaster!)Another plus (or maybe a negative in some eyes) is that they sell beer. It's across from the Aero 360 behind a wooden, white picket fence and security checks your ID before you even go in.  It's $7 for a draft, wayyy too much in my opinion but it might be a good idea one day.You can't forget about the food! Potato Patch fries with cheese & bacon are a must but there is also hot sausage, corn dogs, 2 cafe's, a mexican place with tacos/nachos that i didnt see till after i ate :( it must be new.. All in all, Kennywood is a great day for the family. We are lucky to have an awesome amusement park in Pittsburgh. I make sure to visit atleast once a year.
<review# 367,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/16/2013,6/12/2013,18,98,3,5,3>Notion is an excellent restaurant. The chef combines restraint and molecular gastronomy to produce some very interesting food that excites the eyes, mind, and palate. A four course meal runs $65 plus tip (BYOB), and you can opt for a longer tasting menu. The 4-course meal includes a number of amuse bouches, and is quite filling.  Nothing is a la carte. I heard there is a vegetarian menu, but you need to call in advance.I would not say that the meal I had at Notion was one of the best meals of my life. It was perhaps the best meal I've eaten in Pittsburgh. As the meat is cooked sous vide, I would recommend ordering beef and other meats that are perfect when cooked at a uniform texture rather than something like duck, which is more exciting when there is variation. The interior is minimal and tasteful. The noise level is low. Most people seemed quite dressed up for Pittsburgh. Definitely a great place for a date, dinner with friends, or a business dinner.
<review# 368,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/14/2013,6/11/2013,95,245,3,6,4>I'm giving The Saloon 5 stars because I love it there, but this is not a 5 star restaurant.It's a straight forward, cozy, fun tavern in the heart of Mt Lebanon and it's usually busy for a reason:  they have just about every beer you can imagine, the crowd there is FRIENDLY (I know two people who met their spouses at The Saloon) and it's a good place to watch the game.The decor in nice is very tavern-esque.  Wooden floors, walls, etc.  Its not a dive, and the ladies room is always very clean.The wings are really good.  There is free popcorn but I'm convinced I will contract swine flu or something from communal snacks so I always pass on it.  In terms of food, I recommend anything with buffalo sauce on it.  I think this is more a lifestyle choice for me than it is a food recommendation, but its just so good!Parking can be a challenge.  I'd also like to mention that this is Mt Lebanon.  The police there WILL ticket you for ANYTHING.  Make sure you are parked in a legal spot.  They'll seriously chalk your tires and time you to see if you leave your car parked too long in a timed spot.  So be mindful of that!
<review# 369,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/20/2013,8/19/2013,110,228,2,5,5>I wish more people knew about Wood Street Galleries! It's right in the heart of downtown and admission is FREE. you get to see great art and/or displays. Bobby and I always find ourselves here to escape the hectic downtown scene. They are closed Monday and Tuesday I believe. I'm always amazed at the different types of displays they have. Another great thing is that the displays are up for 3 months at a time, so if you really like something, you have the opportunity to go check it out again! :)
<review# 370,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/4/2013,8/18/2013,27,162,3,8,5>Oh no, don't say its so!I've been meaning to get around to writing a review for Istanbul (it's one of my three go-to lunch staples when I need to be in-and-out), but I figured I'd eventually get around to it...   until today.For those of you who haven't heard, Josh has been given 30 days notice by his landlord that his lease will not be renewed.  Apparently Midland Towers wants to let the 7-11 expand into this space, which would result in the loss of one of this city's greatest lunch spots.Is Istanbul inconsistent?  Yes.  Does the price vary depending on who serves you and what mood they're in?  Yes.  Does that matter?  No.At no time have I ever been charged more than $10 for a standard Chicken Plate (chicken, wheat rice, salad).  What that represents is one of the best deals for a quality lunch in the city (sans Sree's and a few other discount offerings).  If you do yourself one favor for lunch, get your fill of this perfectly marinated, perfectly broiled (gyro style), perfectly shaved and crispy chicken breast.  Most times, the fiancee and I share just one of these massive boxes (see my photo), and we still end up stuffed.Josh goes out of his way to take care of his customers.  The regulars frequently get freebies and the newbies regularly get the star treatment.  Don't know what to get?  Let them know and they'll talk you though all of the hot and cold options (it can be a little overwhelming if you aren't familiar with the setup).My favorites include:Chicken plate (stated above)Chicken saladCold plate (slew of vegetarian cold salads)Must adds:Grape leavesHummusand by all means, whatever hot sauce concoction they whip up for the dayNo seating except for a two standing bars.  Most people, when the weather is nice, venture next door to EQT Park or similar.Lets hope the city rallies behind Istanbul (a few groups already have) and Josh gets to either keep his current spot or is provided an opportunity to expand somewhere else.
<review# 371,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/10/2013,8/17/2013,95,245,7,3,1>I've seen the sign for this restaurant for years and finally decided to pull the trigger and try this place.  It was like an oasis in the S Side, after the nightmare that was parking.The restaurant was busy but not packed and it is adorable inside--you have no idea unless you have dined here!  We sat in the back room which was very cozy albeit NOISY since we were right by the kitchen and the bathroom.The menu was a little pricer than we had anticipated but we were ok with that, and our service was FANTASTIC.  Our waitress could NOT have been any nicer, to the point i wanted to come back and hang out w her after our shift.We started w the hummus appetizer and I was disappointed bc I am a HUGE tahini fan, but my boyfriend HATES it and he proclaimed it the best hummus ever.  And ate the entire thing. You know what, this happens all the time, actually....I had the mediterranean asiago pillows and you know what..they were very good but i didn't love them.  I REALLY liked them though.  My boyfriend had the sausage and pepper ravioli and he let me try one which let to my trying to take over his entree and we ended up arguing over it bc we have no class.Lady and the tramp, but he's the lady and I'm a tramp.That is a sign of two things:  1) don't have us over for dinner, we cannot even handle it, and 2) this restaurant has GREAT food, I just ordered the wrong thing.I will definetly be back, the last time the had a groupon I bought one and I'm excited to put it to good use.  Something tells me I'm going to be ordering the sausage and pepper ravioli.
<review# 372,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/16/2013,8/16/2013,60,584,,5,4>I stopped by here a few Saturdays ago with my girlfriend for dinner.  We had been anxiously awaiting the reopening of Notion of East Liberty since we were not able to make it to the restaurant whenever it was in Oakmont.  The inside of the restaurant is aesthetically pleasing and very modern with good clean lines and very little decor in a good way.For dinner both my girlfriend and I got the four course pre-fixe menu although we did not get any of the same items.  I ordered the risotto, loup de mer, ribeye and meyer lemon while my girlfriend went with the tartare, scallops, chicken and nutella cake.  My risotto was the first dish to come out and was topped with some herbs and custard and had an espelette cream sauce poured next to it at the table.  It was cooked perfectly and well seasoned.  The second dish that came out was the Loup De Mar which came with some vegetables and once again had a sauce poured onto the plate, in this case shellfish sauce, after it was served.  Once again everything was cooked perfectly and I loved the good flavor of the fish.  For my third course I ended up having the ribeye which came with a variety of onions.  The ribeye was not exactly what I was expecting as it was what seemed to be a long piece of quarter sized medallions presliced on my plate.  Even with that being so, it was easily my favorite part of the meal.  The first thing that I noticed was the smell of the truffle oil which was in a sauce that was poured at the table.  Then whenever I tasted the meat it was juicy and flavorful and paired perfectly with the two different types of onions that were on the plate.  Normally I do not really care for onions on my steak but these were perfect.  Finally for dessert I had the meyer lemon cake.  While it was good, it was also one of the weirder desserts that I have had recently.  You see, well actually you can't really see the cake as it is brought out to you as it is covered in some type of light and airy black sesame cake.  Once you make it through the sesame and into the meyer lemon cake it is easy to see why the chef paired it together.  I should also note that the service here is excellent.  Everything is always served together and by multiple people and then topped off with whatever sauce is paired with your dish.  It was especially impressive to see the waiters swarm the table of four next to us to serve them a meal.The bottom line for me is that I will definitely head back here again in the future.  While it is not an every day restaurant for me due to the cost, I can easily see myself coming here for special occasions as the food and service were both excellent!
<review# 373,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/1/2013,8/15/2013,15,29,3,4,5>The Cafe at the Frick is THE quintessential cafe.  As other reviewers have noted, it is a tiny little restaurant on the grounds of the Frick Museum and is surrounded by the gardens.  Comprised of only a few tables, it has all of the charm of walking into the scene of a Jane Austen novel.  You may expect to run into Mr. Darcy himself, but one look at the sleek and updated menu and you will be brought back to present day.The Prix Fixe menu is really a steal, at $22 for soup or salad, an entree, and house made dessert (lower prices if you choose a whole or half sandwich instead of an entree).  While everything was prepared perfectly and full of flavor, the star of the meal was definitely the dessert.  I ordered the oatmeal biscuit (ah-ma-zing) that was topped with fresh cream and whiskey-soaked peaches.  One of the best things about it was that the portions for the first two courses were portions for actual humans and not blown up for some mythical giant like most American restaurants, so I actually had room left to enjoy every bite of this sweet ending to the meal.  Don't get me wrong, the rest of the food was certainly memorable.  I started with the soup of the day, which was a honeydew and basil gazpacho and super refreshing on a hot summer day.  My entree was the hanger steak, which was perfectly cooked and served over a mushroom risotto that was earthy, rich, and delicious.  Everyone at our table of 7 thoroughly enjoyed their experience.After trying the main menu, I can't wait to go back and check out the high tea!  Perhaps for a twist I'll throw on a petticoat and see if I can't convince my very own Mr. Darcy to join me :)
<review# 374,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/15/2013,8/14/2013,45,195,,5,4>What a wonderful experience.  I surprised my gf by bringing her here for Valentine's Day.  As soon as you drive into the gates you know you're in for one heck of a dining experience.  Very scenic!  Free Valet and coat check as soon as you reach the top of the hill.  We were seated right away (even though we were half an hour early).  I had previously notified the restaurant that my gf was vegan and this did not pose a problem at all.  The chef had marked off which items were vegan so  there would be no confusion about the ingredients used.  Usually vegans get left out when it comes to prixe fixe menus or anything really.  Luckily, the chef and pastry chef made sure she was able to get a dish for every course.  Now, these weren't your regular ol' salad dishes with a side of fries that poor vegans usually get stuck with.  Each course was well planned and had stellar flavor.  The gf was constantly in shock over how each course had amazing flavor and technique.  I, being an omnivore, had the most delicious scallops for one course and later on had a very tender filet.  The mountain chocolate lava cake at the end was also superb.  We both left highly satisfied and so stuffed it hurt.  I did like the portion sizes - I hate it when you get an obscene amount of food because it makes it unappetizing and you never have enough room for the next course.   Instead, the chef used the right portion to satisfy your taste of each course and still feel full at the end of all 6 courses.I would definitely recommend coming here to celebrate a special day.  Vegans, you finally have a fancy place to eat!  The ambiance and food were equally superb.  I love that this wasn't one of those places where you are essentially paying for the ambiance and mediocre food.  I will be coming back!
<review# 375,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/18/2013,8/13/2013,93,457,,3,4>I was meeting my hubby for lunch and we were not sure of where to go when we recalled a friend saying that this new place had opened and it was very good.  After our lunch, I have to concur... it was very good... it was great actually, and we cannot wait to go back.They did an amazing job with the space.  It is a really cute spot... awesome for a date night.  The colors, décor, etc. all is wonderful. The service was great... she was super attentive and kind... and we never had empty waters (which is always a way to score brownie points with us).  The lunch prices were great too... 7.95-8.95 for a lunch combo where you get your choice of soup and a veggie spring roll is a good deal if you ask me.  We also ordered the fresh spring roll with tofu app which was awesome.  The sauce was yummy too.  I got the Chicken and Broccoli which was great... the sauce on it was better than most that I have ever had.  The hubby got the Pad Thai w/ Chicken and he seemed to enjoy it quite a bit as well.  We find ourselves eager to get back here for dinner.  If you want to try something new and different in the Southside, I suggest trying Apsara.
<review# 376,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/17/2013,8/12/2013,100,116,5,8,9>Yes, as everybody knows, PNC Park is the best ballpark in America. As sad as I was all those years ago to see Three Rivers Stadium go, this park has truly surpassed my expectations of what a baseball game should be like.Because let's be honest: there have been a lot of Buccos games since the opening of this park that were less than wonderful, Pirate-performance-wise. And when the home team is stinking out the joint, it helps you get those most out of your tickets to at least have a gorgeous view and something nice to snack on.The view here is unmatched. City skyline rising up above the baseball field, and the outfield seats are close enough to the river that there's always that magical chance that a homerun will end up in the Allegheny. There's not a bad seat in the house - even if you're on the side without the city view, you have a great view of the game, and the opportunity for 'all you can eat' seats.The staff is great, from the ticket-takers at the gates who keep things moving, to the guys selling lemonade and cotton candy in the stands, to the dude who sells me my scorecard before the start of each game (gotta buy the big $2 card so there's enough space for all my intricate, elaborate scorekeeping shorthand).PNC Park is also home to some great baseball statues and a lot of Pirates history scattered throughout. If the game starts to get boring or desperate and you're not an OCD-scorekeeper like myself, you can go on a little walk and relive the finer moments of Buccos history. You can bring a picnic in with you, as well as one sealed water bottle per person (I'm partial to the bearded dude on the city-side of the Clemente Bridge who sells ice-cold water for $1 before games). If you forgot your picnic, there are a TON of food options, from the standard hot dogs and fries (including crazy hot dogs with pierogies on them), to Primanti's sandwiches, nachos, wings, sushi (yep, sushi!), and a 'healthy food' stand that I love to frequent on the hottest summer games for fresh, juicy fruit cups. Oh, and don't worry, there's still a plethora of peanut stands around for those sweet little old season ticket holder men!PNC Park is the best. And even though they may not always show it on the outside (as in, on their W/L record), the Buccos are the best. And as long as there is baseball, I'll keep cheering on my Pirates from section 121!
<review# 377,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/27/2013,8/11/2013,24,53,1,4,3>Café Milano.. Located in several locations around the Pittsburgh area, Café Milano is one of the better Pizza delivery places in the city. I can't say I have tried everything on the menu (As there is quite a plethora of options) but what I can tell you is that of the 100 times I have called, they have always been nice to the point where they would even offer up coupons to save me money...strange but true.One of the more memorable items on the list is something I urge you to order if you are ever in an adventurous mood. The Ranchero Pie is the mother of all pizza. What will taste like Heaven in your mouth can soon turn to a cheese covered Hell if you are foolish enough to take on a medium pizza of this ranchero'ness by yourself. 4 hours, eat one Ranchero Pie, that is my challenge to you, the last man to take on this challenge only succeeded by using his own tears as lubrication as he slid the last slice into his gullet. Pizza challenge aside, the food is pretty good, some of the better pizzas I have had and if you aren't in the mood for that, they have plenty of other items like calzones, pasta, salads and hoagies if that's where you find your appetite to be. If you are in delivery range, give them a go and if you are up for a challenge...take my pizza challenge....I dare you.
<review# 378,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/15/2013,8/10/2013,33,63,,4,2>I believe Wigle Whiskey has converted yet another whiskey-hater!  We signed up for a tour and tasting, which included a whiskey (or gin) cocktail to start us off.  The cost was $20.  Individual cocktails and tastings are $5, so the tour itself cost $10...and it did not disappoint.  Our guide was charismatic and funny, and it was short and sweet and got us to our tastings primed to enjoy some nice whiskeys!They had us taste 3 whiskeys and a gin, which was more than enough.  They give you tasting notes, including adding a bit of water to the whiskey to help it breathe.  See, I've just been drinking whiskey wrong all these years! The aged whiskey was my favorite...and a bummer that they sell out of it in a matter of hours! They do sell mini casks (which are adorable) so you can age your own whiskey in about a month, if you're impatient.  They're a bit pricey ($98) but they come with a bottle of their whiskey, so it's actually a pretty good deal.I would definitely stop back in for another cocktail if I'm in the area-their menu changes often and I'm dying to try something else.
<review# 379,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/13/2014,3/26/2014,3076,78,9,40,26>Spoon is easily one of the best restaurants in Pittsburgh. For fine dining, I put them in the top five.Been here four or five times now just to make sure I was not dreaming. But for sure this is a solid four stars and edging on five. A few subtle enhancements could tip the scale to 5.Décor is nice and trendy with several seating areas including a great bar.  Service includes John the top sommelier in the area, usually two hostesses, well-mannered servers and great bartenders. Service is prompt and a drink order results in libations within 5 minutes along with a choice of waters. There is a very ample selection of cocktails and wines by the bottle or glass.I should mention there is a prompt and courteous valet service as another notch up the service pyramid.Next the wonderful bread basket with warm selections of biscuits, awesome cornbread and ciabatta or some other artesian bread with sugar or honey butter to complement. We usually need a second basket as a testament.The short menu is a design to keep choices interesting but not drone on, the ingredients fresh, the food delicious and it changes often enough to keep regulars coming back.Seafood is my favorite here in appetizer and entrée, but the soups and salads are fresh and outstanding as well. A very well enjoyed appetizer choice from the other night we had the 'bacon and eggs' appetizer which was seared pork belly, 5 minute egg (just right) sautéed spinach, and hollandaise. Also we had the crispy duck confit which was a fabulous set of ingredients of crispy duck, 3 grain salad, Indian spices, goat cheese, cucumber yogurt, and toasted almonds. Almost sounds like decadence and just about was.Around the tale we had the shellfish pappardelle; Alaskan black cod; cassoulet which interestingly was comprised of roasted pork, chicken sausage, duck confit, braised cannellini + cranberry beans, herbed bread crumbs, and farm egg. This was 'dryer' version of cassoulet a French peasants, style stew.We have tried many other appetizers and entrees on our other visits and they all were as wonderful as these I mention here. All had the same complexity of ingredients, preparations, with flavors all overwhelmingly pleasing to the senses.
<review# 380,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/8/2014,3/25/2014,48,120,2,6,5>Can popcorn get better than this? I think not. I usually go for the chocolate and caramel popcorn but they have all sorts of interesting and delicious flavors. You can get popcorn tins to give as gifts or just a to-go bag. They really pack the popcorn in those bags as well. Everytime I go in I'm always like "All that popcorn is never going to fit in there" and sure enough they somehow make it fit. The employee's are typically really friendly and chatty which makes the experience great fun for all.
<review# 381,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/16/2014,3/24/2014,8,24,2,7,4>Really awesome, falling-off-the-bones BBQ and the owner is really personable and he takes time to answer any questions you might have. He is so friendly and he always makes me feel like he really appreciates me trying anything from Yinzburgh BBQ.  I love the Afterburner sauce. I could just drink it I also like the Hot Honey. I've tried pulled pork, chicken, and ribs and they were all so delicious. As sides I've tried cole slaw, collard greens, and chili-Q. Chili-Q is something in between of baked beans and chili. It's so flavorful. The only thing for me is that it is somewhat pricy for a poor college student like me. So every time I go it's such a treat for me.
<review# 382,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/17/2013,3/23/2014,48,142,,5,4>You know how the storefront is all shiny red and silver and glamorous?  Well, the inside of this bakery is just as shiny and glamorous...and so are all the pastries.  The pastry chef must also be a pastry artist, because every item is beautifully and intricately decorated and super fancypants.Yes, it's true, their macarons are delicious.  If you happen to pop in while they have the pumpkin macaron, make sure you try it.  It's absolutely out of this world.  I like their macarons better than Jean-Marc Chatellier's.  And yes, it's true, they will also cost you a pretty penny.  But if you are as much of a macaron enthusiast as I am, Gaby et Jules is worth the trek.That said, I have tried one other thing here -- a pain au chocolat -- and it was much more expensive than La Gourmandine's and not as good.  Actually, I have a hard time imagining how some of their pastries could be better than the same pastries at La Gourmandine, and they are consistently at least 50% more expensive here.  So, although I have yet to give a few other "benchmark" items a try (I have heard that their baguettes are magnificent), I probably would not recommend getting your other pastries here unless you live in Squirrel Hill or you have a generous dessert budget.
<review# 383,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/17/2014,3/22/2014,44,211,,7,5>I am giving this restaurant 4 starts based on a salad alone. Crazy, right? Well, the chopped salad was delicious. The cucumbers, tomatoes, and onions are marinated, and then tossed into the chopped romaine. The gorgonzola adds a nice bite that complements the red wine viniagrette. Because I shared a flatbread with a friend, I didn't order meat on my sald, and to be honest, I think the salad stands alone. It really was that good. I am very picky about salads, and when I find a restaurant with delicious salads, the place quickly becomes a staple for me.I shared a prosciutto/arugula flatbread with a friend, and I enjoyed the crispy crunch of the crust. The prosciutto didn't stay in place very well, so my hands got a little messy, but it was very good nonetheless.It was a bit dark inside the restaurant at lunchtime, and I almost forgot that the sun was shining outside. But, the decor is tasteful, and though it is smaller side, I think the restaurant's size adds to the intimate, quiet feel of the place.I was able to get a quick reservation for lunch, and I look forward to trying Sienna for dinner. There were quite a few items on the menu that I would like to try next time.
<review# 384,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/6/2014,3/21/2014,65,125,4,5,6>I was invited to Cupka's by a friend/Eagle's fan.  The only Eagles I generally care for are of the endangered variety, but me and Jonathan D. decided to join in for some playoff revelry, as our dear own Steelers could not partake.  We arrived at Cupka's with low expectations. I figured I'd have some bar food and a few drinks, then call it an early night.  From the moment the nice doorman held the door for me as I hobbled in on my crutches, I was sold.  Each employee greeted us with a friendly smile and speedy service.  I started with a mixed drink, then ordered the Cajun Grilled Chicken Sandwich with a side salad.  The chicken was so well-seasoned and tender, it could've been Eagle meat.  Jonathan D. enjoyed "Pittsburgh Best Fish Sandwich."  I'm still partial to the Oyster House, but dang, this fish was GOOD.  And BIG.  He had it for lunch the next day and it was just as delightful warmed up in the toaster oven. As I chugged through an embarrassing number of vodka and Diet Coke's (self-medicating - who needs narcotics!) I expected to receive a bar tab of around a million dollars.  Wouldn't you know those drinks cost TWO DOLLARS AND FIFTY-NINE CENTS!  They were on the small side, but mighty enough.  All told for two delicious sandwiches and ten drinks (not all for me), our bill rang in at $43.  Shut up.  It wasn't even happy hour and we didn't buy any of their specials.  Between the Eagles' flags flying and the incessant shouting, we even managed to join in on an Eagles' chant or two.  This bar crowd was FUN; and though we called it a night at 11:30, that was more to do with the drinking than the desire to leave.  I had zero desire to leave and can't wait to go back!
<review# 385,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/11/2014,3/20/2014,21,117,,7,3>This place is always packed on a Friday or Saturday night (I've been given 2+ hour wait times on multiple occasions), but it's not very hard to see why.  The business which makes it difficult for a group is caused by the things that make it so attractive to a group.First, it's simply a nice place to hang out.  The staff is friendly and knowledgeable (if a bit slow sometimes); the decor is nice and on-theme; and the crowd is a far cry more mature and diverse than what comes to mind when you mention "South Side Bar" to your average Pittsburgher.Second, the food isn't just your usual bar food.  That fare is available, but they also have a lot of options from across the pond--Scottish and British specialties, many with a North American accent.  Not every item on their extensive menu is a winner, but once you figure out what you like, you'll get far more hits than misses.Third, if you're a fan of single malt Scotch whiskies, this is easily one of the best bars in the county to explore the category.  The entire whisky list is great, but the offerings from Scotland are without equal (at least among all the bars I've been to or heard about in and near Pittsburgh--the selection is also bigger than that of any single liquor store I've been to in the state).So check out Piper's, but please, not all at once and preferably not when I'm going there.  It's too crowded already.  Don't make me regret this review.
<review# 386,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/7/2013,3/19/2014,180,48,,7,3>On a Tuesday I made reservations for Friday and the earliest available table was 10 pm so I snagged it. We were running behind because of the snow, and the hostess was understanding when I called. We were seated immediately in the second level. We ordered cocktails, I had some concoction of gin and cava, and my friend had a manhattan made with coconut bitters. We ordered a russet and sweet potato appetizer. The potatoes were roasted and covered in a creamy sauce and crisp chives. I ordered the Monk Fish for my meal, it came with blue crab risotto, chanterelle mushrooms, capers and kale chips. It was also gluten free. My friend ordered the beef stroganoff and he loved it. The server did let us know the portions were "small plates" and I thought the sizes were perfect. We skipped dessert and instead headed to the bar for an after dinner drink. Out server was attentive and quite knowledgable, she even had all of the specials memorized. The drinks, service, and food were all great!
<review# 387,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/3/2014,3/18/2014,31,151,3,4,6>I guess its kind of a sin to go to Point Brugge and NOT have the moules, but hey - I'm a sinner.We got there at about 2pm on a Saturday afternoon in February, expecting it to be kind of quiet.  It was absolutely hopping.  We waited about 10 minutes for a table and game on--Starting with the Roasted Tomato and Spinach Dip.  SO GOOD!  Generous serving, perfect for sharing. Then for me the Chicken Milanese - very good but, as soon as I saw my friends face after her first bite I did have Butternut Squash Gnocchi envy.  She indicated that the gnocchi was made from the butternut squash and immediately began to formulate possible recipes.The place is small, the service is excellent.  We were seated up the stairs and immediately around the corner so neither of us could see much of anything.  We were doing a lot of chatting though, so that was ok... but not awesome.  We both saw some other things on the lunch menu that we'd like to try, so maybe we'll try another Saturday - this time at 3pm.
<review# 388,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/17/2013,3/17/2014,100,138,2,4,3>Their new space is beautiful and very inviting. The pastries are amazing as usual. I'm not a big cupcake fan but my husband almost passed out when I told him Vanilla was moving to our town. I really enjoy their other pastries...the scones are to die for. The homemade Poptarts are to die for. I was not thrilled with their new espresso offerings...seems like an afterthought and the staff don't really seem to know what they are doing in this arena.The staff leaves something to be desired. Even at their old location, I never really encountered a friendly staff person. On a recent trip, I saw they had something called an "almond frangipan croissant." I had no idea what that was, had never heard it before. I asked the lady at the counter "What is the almond frangipan croissant?" to which she replied "Um...exactly what it says it is." I was pretty irritated with that answer so I said, "UM, I DON'T KNOW WHAT FRANGIPAN IS." She replied "I don't know either." WTF?! She finally went and asked someone what frangipan is (It's a type of almond filling, learn something new every day!). Thankfully their amazing baked goods more than make up for this wackadoodle person they have working the counter.
<review# 389,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/17/2014,7/25/2014,17,8,1,10,3>The ONLY place you can go downtown for fruit and vegetable smoothies with ALL NATURAL ingredients! So delicious and the service is awesome. They will know you by name and order after a few visits. Not to mention you can also get coffee, espresso, tea, all natural pastries, protein bars (and sandwiches on occasion). They will serve you coffee/espresso drinks however you like them and they actually have almond milk, unlike Starbucks and other chain coffee joints. I've now converted to going here instead of Starbucks or Crazy Mocha even though it's further away from my office.Smoothie wise, I've gotten the Kale Smoothie, Berry Matcha, Green Monster, Pumpkin Smoothie. All of them are so delicious. They will also make anything custom how you want it. It's perfect for a meal replacement and so cheap for the quality of ingredients! If you work downtown, or are visiting during the day, this place is a must go! It's right inside the "Regional Enterprise Tower" or "Old Alcoa Building" on 6th Avenue. It says "Xplorion" on the front of the building. Go through the revolving doors and there's a stand there in front of the elevators. You've made it! Enjoy!
<review# 390,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/24/2014,7/24/2014,45,195,,5,2>I'm still in shock over how good the food was here.  The first thing I noticed was the HUGE pizza oven they have in this small restaurant.  I wasn't even going to try the pizza but I felt like I had to and I was REALLY happy with that decision.  Nothing like a freshly made pizza straight out of a 600 degree oven.  I would have given this place 5 stars alone off the pizza but I was craving pasta so I ordered simple ol' spaghetti.  You can tell they make everything in house at this restaurant.  The noodles were fatter than I've seen in spaghetti but they were perfectly al dente and just so wonderful.  You could taste the love they put into making their dough.  If your parents are in town or if you want to impress a date I would suggest coming here.
<review# 391,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/16/2014,7/23/2014,45,257,2,3,5>"But I'm not artistic like you," my Mom told me nervously as I tried to explain the concept behind Paint Monkey.  "It doesn't matter," I would say, trying to ease her mind.  "And it's BYOB, so you'll be more relaxed after a couple drinks."  I wasn't sure she was buying it.  A Mother-Daughter trip was part of her Christmas gift and I think she stressed about it from December 25th until the day we went (February 16).  I thought looking through the calendar of painting options would be fun.  We even decided on a Mother-Daughter Mimosa Sunday that included the painting "Four Seasons."  It seemed like something a little easier and low key for Mom.  And in the end, I'm pretty confident she had a good time.When we walked in to the studio, we were greeted by happy smiling faces.  We easily found our seats where paints and brushes were awaiting us.  After a couple mimosas, we took instruction from Joe on how to get started and techniques to create certain effects.  Joe and Mary Lou are helpful and patient with the less-skilled/more intoxicated painters.  They walk around the studio offering assistance as needed.  It's fun to see what creative ideas people come up with in painting their own version of "Four Seasons."  Initially I intended to stay more traditional like Mom did but as I finished painting my tree (and carving "mom" in the trunk), I decided to make the rest a little different.  I thought about creating a different scene for each season (like one of the other moms did) but as I thought about what season was my favorite, it hit me - BASEBALL!  I asked for some white paint and started painting while circles around my tree.  I was given a smaller brush when it was clear I couldn't get the baseball's red stitching right with the wider brushes we started with.  When Joe saw what I was doing, he informed me that Paint Monkey is planning on having special nights at a few Pirates games during the 2014 season where a small section of people will paint a baseball scene.  I could not be more excited for this idea!Mom and I left happy after a few photos were taken to commemorate another successful Mother-Daughter Day.  Our session was a reasonably priced $35 each.  Quite the bargain considering we had an amazing time and left with something unique we made ourselves.  Mom even talked about going back, a sign that she truly enjoyed herself and overcame her fear.  What more could a daughter ask for?
<review# 392,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/7/2014,7/22/2014,44,78,1,4,3>Best. Meal. Ever.  Seriously.  J and I went for our anniversary on a Wednesday at 5:30 with resverations.  We were the only people in there and for a moment, I was mocking us for getting reservations for a Wednesday.  By 6 pm, it was packed.  I started with the bourbon.  Nicely flavored, interesting little beads of sugar and citrus that didn't add much to the drink, but looked cool.  J had an excellent beer on tap.  We ordered two appetizers cause we couldn't choose just one - the smoked trout and the chorizo.  I love anything smoked. Anything.  So I was expecting to be so wow-ed by the trout that I wasn't even going to look at the chorizo.  The trout was delicious - wrapped in a rose colored and flavored crepe with roe and pickled cauliflower.  Beautiful tastes just bursting together.  However, the chorizo was other-worldly.  It came with tomatoes and chick peas and other things that I couldn't describe.  The flavors worked perfectly together.  For our main course, I ordered the hanger steak served with a shmear of the most delightfully cheesy potatoes ever, braised butter lettuce and 3 sauces - carmelized onion jam, horseradish and dijon.  The dijon was a bit too much for my taste, but the other two were amazing.  The braised lettuce really stood out for the amount of flavor that was packed into the little leaves.  No idea how they did it and it was all the better for it.  The steak was cooked perfectly - medium rare, seared and pink in the inside.   I also asked the waitress for a drink recommendation and she discussed it with the bartender - gave me three thoughtful recommendations.  I settled on the rye whiskey - not one of my favorite things and it could not have accompanied it better.J got the pork.  It was served with roasted carrots and onions, succulent and sweet; a pile of lentils, braised in bacon and red wine and topped with a perfectly poached egg.  Every tiny thing that was on his plate was amazing - down to the plate itself which was a beautiful piece of slate.  At $130 bucks, it was a bit steep for Pittsburgh, but I can honestly say there was never money better spent on a meal in the city.  Enjoy!
<review# 393,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/8/2014,7/21/2014,15,61,1,10,2>Whoa, I'm surprised I haven't reviewed this place yet! Pelegrino's pizza is located on McKnight road. The same building has been 3 other pizza places in the 4 years or so I have worked on McKnight, the best lasted a few months, the worst was out of business within one month. Given the place's track record, I had low hopes for Pelegrino's. The manager/owner personally delivered my first order, and he was so friendly and the food wasn't bad that I ordered again the next week. Since then, I've ordered at least once a week from them. I can't say I am a huge fan of their pizza- I prefer NY style and theirs is thick, but not bad. They have baked raviolis that remind me of St. Louis, and their fettuccine alfredo w/chicken is sinfully delicious. I have tried it at Italian chains, small mom and pop places, local legends like the Village Inn in Verona, I've had it in California and Missouri and Italy, and Pelegrino's, this little pizza place, is hands-down the best I have ever had. They also go above and beyond service-wise. I ordered (via GrubHub) some alfredo last week and asked for 2 dr. pepper cans with it as well. My cell phone was dead, so when they called and left a voicemail saying they were out of DP, I didn't get it. They got here well before the delivery time said they would, and they had gone and bought-out two bottles of Dr. Pepper to make up for them being out of it. That is CRAZY good customer service- on top of the very friendly delivery staff, the decent pricing, and the delicious food, these people go out of their way to please their customers.  If you're reading this, give them a try. You will not be disappointed!
<review# 394,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/10/2014,7/20/2014,13,79,5,7,6>Back in college many moons ago, I traveled around France for a few weeks during a summer break. I'm not a fan of French food, so the entire time I was there I pretty much subsisted on pain au chocolates, croissants, baguettes, and macarons.Let me tell you, the pastries you can get at Jean Marc's are just as good as the ones I ate in France. Actually, these pastries are BETTER, because you don't have to hop on a plane to get them! The croissants are buttery and flaky, with just that right amount of chewy bounce when you bite into them. The danishes are equally flaky with a perfect amount of filling. And the macarons -- ohhh, they are dessert bliss, with a wonderfully sweet, crispy shell and soft center.  I've never had a treat here that I didn't love -- the kouign amanns, the sacristans, the tarts -- it's just all SO GOOD.In addition to loving the pastries here, I love the humble storefront and the fact that it's in a less trendy neighborhood (for the record, I think Millvale is adorable!). I always feel like I'm visiting a hidden gem when I go here, even though I know that the secret about this place has definitely been out for a long time! The whole vibe of this shop is just so rustic and quaint and wonderful. Pittsburgh is very lucky to have Jean Marc's!I'm just glad that I don't live within walking distance of this place, or I would have a serious problem.
<review# 395,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/30/2014,7/19/2014,90,178,1,6,3>Really busy place especially on the weekends. We were lucky to find an open table here in the bar section. The walls are lined with different select beers, domestic and foreign and they even have 6 packs to go as well. We just wanted to eat and drink so I grabbed a caesar salad and some chili while the hubby ordered a chicago dog and chili as well. He was interested in the dog fish bites for an appetizer which I'm glad he ordered because they were awesome!!. The batter was on the sweet side which made them taste so great with the tartar sauce.My salad was awesome too although they cut the romaine a little too skinny so it took me about 30 minutes to eat it. The chili is definitely the best I have had in years. Maybe the best ever. No kidney beans and very spicy. A little too spicy but still delicious as ever. The chili had sooo much flavor and I'm very pleased at how hot it was when It came out especially considering the crowds. Hubby agreed its the best he's ever had as well along with his chicago dog. I wanted to have a bite but I couldn't because he finished it all.We tossed back several beers and even tried their high octane imperial red ale which is about 10.2% ABV. We split it of course because of the high level of spirits. We were a little on the tipsy side but still good enough to drive. The chili really helped absorb the beer so we drank. We had a great time here and will definitely be back!!
<review# 396,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/1/2014,7/18/2014,149,198,8,7,3>Be still my beating heart. I'm taking an epic walk through Pittsburgh (10 miles through six different neighborhoods), and as I'm near the end of my journey, tired, hungry, maybe even a little delirious, I stumble across a mirage, a figment of my imagination, something far, far too good to be true. I see a brand-new beautiful awning with the words "Scoops in Bloomfield". What could it be?  I stagger in and I'm overwhelmed by the vision  of tub after tub of ice cream--every imaginable color and flavor. Scoops is yet another new thing in my fabulous neighborhood of Bloomfield. Further proof, along with the new Saturday market, that Bloomfield is the coolest neighborhood in Pittsburgh. Why go anywhere else?Tonight, they were accepting only cash. They indicated that this is just a temporary problem. So bring your money, honey, and get you some good ice cream!
<review# 397,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/23/2014,7/17/2014,83,222,9,7,5>I, I just died in your arms tonight ! Every day noodles has me singing 80's love song praises. Squirrel Hill is not my neighborhood so I had to trust the tastes of my friends and I'm glad I did. This joint rocked my world. I was in a group of 11 people so that meant some awesome non committal family style sharing was going on. I personally ordered beef stew/ soup and a pork belly slider and a Thai bubble tea. First off the slider is huge it's a slugger! Slider to me would be those lil tiny hamburgers from that glistening castle in the sky known as White Castle. It comes on a steamed bun amazing. The meat was perfect not greasy and the ground up peanuts gave it a sweet appeal. I also tried the soup dumplings. What magical sacks of flavor are these ????? Give the man or woman who figured out you could steam cook a dumpling with liquid inside a high five. The spicy eggplant tasted savory just like meat, making me reconsider my eating ways til I remembered how good fried chicken is. I tried the fried tofu just meh, baby Bok Choy meh and the cucumber pickle was raw .... My beef soup was ok and I brought it home to my Taiwanese partner who declared it ok to good, but this is a man who eats this stuff in Taipei every year. My son enjoyed his plain wide noodles and all was right with the world.
<review# 398,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/10/2014,7/16/2014,110,228,2,6,2>We really enjoyed our time at Blue Line Grille. After work on Friday we were walking around downtown looking for a place for a nice drink. I brought up BLG to Bobby since we haven't been there before. We headed there and our server was great. (i didn't catch his name, but he had the coolest beard) The drink menu is fun and unique but we still couldn't decide. We asked our server for suggestions on the strongest drink & he brought up long island.. why didn't i think of that?! haha. Bobby & I each ordered two long islands & I also ordered the buffalo chicken wrap which came my choice of fresh cut fries. The wrap was great & Bobby ended up enjoying half (order your own food, man!)  We will return for sure!
<review# 399,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/25/2012,11/30/2012,351,500,4,8,4>A surprising gem in our corner of the South Hills. My husband called for reservations, and, when the woman on the line found out it would be our first time in, said she'd give us the super special table. She did, and we sat on the windowed in front porch of this charming restaurant, tucked into a cozy corner. I really like restaurants that are in older houses, and this place is cute. They claim locavore status here, and grow some of the herbs used in their food.  It also shows in the thoughtful and creative menu, which changes with the seasons and features meat sourced locally. I had the house salad and the Scottish salmon. The salad, a mix of green with fava beans, comes with a choice of 2 dressings...I went with the creamy garlic, and it was delicious. The dried favas still had their outer hull on, and, while you can eat this rather tough shell, I prefer to remove it, which was simple enough to do. I wish they took this extra step in the kitchen. Overall, a good salad. The salmon was done to the requested medium rare, served with a sweet and tangy balsamic reduction and diced, sautéed vegetables. This dish was very good. I would have given it a "great", but the veggies were a bit underdone and had been hit with lemon juice or some other acid before service, and it threw the dish off a bit...just too much acid on the plate. These are small complaints, and I'll most definitely be back to try more. Service was friendly and efficient. When my husband's mojito went unconsumed, the server showed concern and took it off the bill after he told her it was bitter. We also got a Yelp coupon for $10.00 off 2 entrees, so make sure you check in with your iphone or smart phone.
<review# 400,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/28/2012,11/29/2012,53,388,,4,3>I have been eagerly awaiting the opening of Hello Bistro, and I was thrilled when I found out I would have time to head over for the trendy restaurant's first day.  As I walked in, I was blown away by the hipness and modernness of the decor.  The front facade has giant garage windows that open up to the outside on a bright, sunny day like the opening happened to be.  The manager greeted us with menus and a smiling face as we proceeded to gaze over the vast variety of FREE endless toppings.The worker kindly helped me build my salad and told me what some of the unknown items were that I was gazing over.  After successfully building my ginormous salad, I decided on Citrus Lime Vinaigrette, which was one of the many dressing they have to offer.  The way they prepared the salads and then chop them up right in front of you really creates an intimate experience.  On a side note, the fountain drinks are Boylan Vintage Sodas, and they are extremely delicious!My salad was all that I hoped it to be.  I cannot believe I received a huge shrimp salad with as many toppings as I wanted including a variety of cheese for all $9.00.  Not to mention, I finished my meal up with a yummy milkshake that made my stomach very happy.  I cannot wait to come back!
<review# 401,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/15/2012,11/28/2012,100,116,2,3,2>Have you met Frank? No? Well you'd better get on that, so you can brag to all your hipster friends that you know the best bartender in Pittsburgh.Seriously though. Best.We found Papa J's at random on July 4th last year because, in typical Pittsburgh fashion, it was raining. We were en route from the Point to Station Square when the skies opened up, and the nearest bar to duck into was Papa J's.What you need to know first is that Papa J's is a historic landmark - it's the oldest standing former brothel in the 'Burgh. The wall behind the bar is actually fitted with a headboard (rumored to be that of the brothel madam), and there's a red light at the stairs.The decor is all deep wood, low lighting, and mysterious feel. Better yet? Papa J's is rumored to be haunted.(Because if cocktails at a haunted former brothel doesn't get you excited about drinking in Pittsburgh, nothing will.)Oh, and that's where Frank comes in. Frank is the friendly older gentleman behind the bar who will go out of his way to serve you the finest cocktails and martinis in downtown Pittsburgh. They've got a great house drink list (including a Bloody-Mary-esque beverage called the 'Angry Malkin'), but Frank also has a 'secret' list that only us 'real serious' Papa J's guests know about. Frank's policy is this: if you can give him the list of ingredients and he has them, he will make you any drink under the sun. If he makes it and you think it's great, he writes the recipe down in his notebook and recommends it to others. One of his specialties is the Black Eyed Susan. It's the signature drink of the Preakness, and he'll tell you the story of how he learned to make them (spoiler alert: it involves an A+ bartender going out of his way to help a sweet little old lady who loves the horses). After attending a Mixology class with Linda (that's Linda W. of Yelp fame!) where we made Prohibtion-era cocktails, I was in love with this gin drink called a Bee's Knees. It involves the use of honey syrup, which is not a common bar ingredient. Bless Frank's heart, he figured out some concoction of simple syrup and honey, and made me a Bee's Knees!You can also choose to eat while at Papa J's, if you can tear your eyes away from all the drink menus. I recommend the bruschetta (almost always get an order of this - it's sooooo oniony, and sprinkled with cheese and a hefty serving of diced tomatoes - so good!), and any of the pizzas. Last time we stopped in, we had the chicken pesto pizza which had PINE NUTS on it!  PINE NUTS! (Those things are edging out beets as my favorite 'why-hello-there-how-did-you-get-on-the-menu' food in Pittsburgh restaurants lately.) The crust is perfect. I don't think I'll ever even try anything else on the menu, since I can't get past these awesome pizzas.So, Papa J's is the perfect place to go if you want great booze and good food at decent prices in a neat atmosphere. They're in a great location downtown, and I've never had trouble getting a seat at the bar. I still haven't found any ghost activity, but as long as Frank is serving drinks, I'll certainly keep looking!
<review# 402,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/15/2012,11/27/2012,33,63,4,4,1>What is this place doing all the way out in Robinson Town Center? We stumbled upon this place after an airport pickup and were super excited to find a vegan restaurant tucked away from all the fast food places.We were there for lunch on a Friday and were 1 of 3 tables.  We started off with the jumbo drumsticks which were just okay, as there was lots of breading.  I had the coco tofu, which was amazing.  The portion was huge with tons of tofu, which made me super happy.  The fiancee got the pad thai special, which was also packed with tofu.  Yum.They have tons of cakes and pies at the counter, and I got a piece of vegan cheesecake to go.  The cheesecake crust was nothing special, but somehow they managed to get the texture right, and it tasted great.  I wish they were located closer to the city...I know we'd go there all the time!
<review# 403,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/1/2012,11/26/2012,101,91,1,4,3>The Porch is a bar/restaurant nestled between food huts in Schenley Plaza, and a welcome one at that. It's always nice to have new options in Oakland. I have been here a few times and sampled the appetizers, pizzas, and several entrees.  I really enjoy the garden harvest salad, which is topped with mushrooms and goat cheese. Very tasty! When it comes to entrees, I have found that I like trying their daily specials when I can.  In early summer, The Porch had a delicious baked meatball offering.  The red snapper is also very good. My fish was perfectly cooked and served with clams and vegetables in a saffron broth. For some reason, I find the pizzas to be a bit bland, even their more creative ones. The "bianca" has an interesting pairing of fig and goat cheese, but comes off a bit TOO sweet.  The pesto-themed "genovese" is the opposite, and is much too salty for my taste. The dessert menu changes daily. The chocolate bread pudding was delicious, but the tiramisu wasn't as impressive. There are nice little touches that make The Porch a great place to go. First, I like that they have a self-serve water bar (glass coolers with fresh herbs and citrus). The Porch also has... a porch. I know, you're shocked! The outdoor patio and bar are the perfect place to have a casual drink and meal in the warmer months. There is also a fireplace in case it gets a bit chilly. As far as the bar goes, there is a small but well-chosen selection of seasonal beers on tap as well as a decent wine list.  A small warning, however. As The Porch attempts to use local ingredients, the only whiskey they have is from Wigle in the Strip. That's all well and good, but Wigle is a bit of an acquired taste, in my opinion. It will not taste the same in mixed drinks as Jack or Johnny. Overall, the Porch is an excellent addition to the Oakland restaurant and bar scene. The bartenders are just wonderful and so is the majority of the menu. If they reassess their pizza offerings, I may add the fifth star.
<review# 404,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/9/2012,11/25/2012,103,298,2,3,3>I have no idea why I never got around to reviewing Kaya seeing as it's been a staple in my Pittsburgh restaurant rotation since I moved here. In fact, it was the first "nice" meal I had in Pittsburgh, before I even made my official move...I celebrated my 21st birthday here! Although it's not one of my very very favorite spots in the 'burgh, the food is consistently good and the Carribean-inspired fare is something that I normally wouldn't gravitate toward, so it's nice when I want something a bit different than the standard "New American."I mostly come here for their brunch, and one of the big reasons is that it's served until 3pm! The only thing is, make sure you show up at least 15 minutes before that...the "brunch kitchen" closes at 3 o'clock sharp, unlike sister restaurant Casbah, which seats for brunch until 2pm but won't rush your ordering. Anyway...my favorite thing on the brunch menu is the roasted pork benedict with grilled pineapple. The Chilaquiles (basically, breakfast nachos) are also delicious, weird as they may sound. And the Kaya Burger is always a safe choice.The dinner menu changes, so I've never ordered the same thing twice here. But everything I have had has been great. One of my favorite apps is the corn and lentil beignets--if you like spicy, get them! They also have a pretty large and super fun (read: girly) cocktail menu, and since they are tropical in nature, it's totally okay to imbibe at any time of the day! That's how that works, right? Riiight...?They have a fried chicken night on Thursdays that a lot of people like. Kinda makes me wish I liked fried chicken so I could try it but I'm weird like that!
<review# 405,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/8/2012,11/24/2012,91,67,3,5,5>What a great place for my beau and I to spend our 3rd anniversary together! We came here (upon months of my insistence) for a lovely Sunday brunch and boy, was it everything I had hoped for and more! We both got the prix fixe at $25 each, which really ended up being a decent deal considering it included an appetizer, entree, and brunch cocktail. I wound up with the White Sangria, a refreshingly light concoction of chardonnay/plum wines, cucumber, fruit, and rum. Absolutely amazing in the heat of summer! The mimosa was also quite good, but fairly basic.My appetizer of choice brought me back dahn south! I ordered the beignets, tenderly topped with rose and blueberries. The presentation and idea were perfect, but I felt it could have been just a bit more flavorful. The boyfriend got the grilled sticky, sans bacon (for us plant-eaters here), which ended up being amazing. I'm sure it would have been just as good without our minor change, since sweet + salty = tastebud heaven.And the entree - mine the Eggs Benedict and my boyfriend's the Ratatouille and Goat Cheese Omelet. Both were deeeelicious. The Eggs Benedict was lightly drizzled with black truffle atop an english muffin with a side salad of sliced mandarin oranges and mint. While my dish was fairly simple, it was just so perfect and satiating! No crazy frills here - just a well-done entree. I had a taste of the omelet as well, which was equally as good. The mildness of the vegetables was offset by the rich and sour goat cheese, which acted as a perfect complement. I also couldn't stop stealing fingerling potatoes from my dining partner's plate! (Yes, there was a "potato tax" of 3 pieces every time he left for the bathroom or turned around.)All in all, a great place! Service was professional and polite and the venue itself was light-filled and spacious. I can't wait to go back again!
<review# 406,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/4/2012,11/23/2012,207,401,,5,1>This is the best Pittsburgh has to offer in authentic Vietnamese.  I have eaten here several times in the past 7 years or so and have tried several of the items on the menu with success.  I like to order bun with chicken and pork spring rolls.  I also like the Hieu Tu.  Basically chicken pho but with chicken broth instead of beef.  This is typically my go to dish here and it's very good.  It's a small family run place without a lot of slick ambiance.  I wouldn't say you'd be wow'd by the decor but the service is friendly and efficient.  I am always glad I dined here.
<review# 407,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/12/2012,11/22/2012,118,112,3,5,2>Brightly painted in reds and yellows this not your typical optometrists office. There is no corporate feeling here. I'd like to think its hip and chic especially when it comes to us four-eyes. The front desk staff (Jaime and Denise) are awesome. You don't have to worry about that cold "sit down and wait for your doctor to see you" attitude you normally get going to any physician or specialist. I'd recommend letting them help you pick out the type of frames that work for you. I told Denise that I didn't like metal or rim less frames and that I only wanted plastic frames that were square. Within about 5 minutes I had an awesome selection to choose from. She did try to sell me on some goofy looking Ray Bans but clearly I'm not a Ray Ban kind of girl. With my glasses picked out (black pair of Candies and some really fun all white ones) I was ready to make my appointment.If you're shopping around for a good optometrist Dr Burke is super awesome and extremely friendly by the way!
<review# 408,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/6/2012,11/21/2012,27,76,4,6,4>Walking in, I immediately knew this was a place for me.The decor is reminiscent of the 60's-70's, as is the jukebox, and a lot of the clientele.Thus, its awesome!This is not your Mario's crowd, so if you are looking for some trollop to grind up on to your shoddily performed "Gangam Style" perhaps you should walk across the street.The drinks, as mentioned are strong as could be. A Bombay and tonic set me back 7 dollars. It was worth every penny. Two of those and I was feeling pretty darn good.If you like motown/blues/oldies and some good old rock and roll, get more singles than you would take to Blush because I had a field day with that jukebox. The smoke isnt that bad, and in my opinion, adds to the ambiance. Hell, you can even smoke cigars here. Total throwback, and I love it.
<review# 409,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/9/2011,10/19/2011,104,143,12,11,8>Food from the motherland is a weakness of mine so despite good feedback from some friends, I tried to resist coming here when I first moved to Lawrenceville. So much for that!Taste of India is flat out great. Prices are reasonable. The atmosphere is simple and tastefully done (unlike another restaurant in Oakland, cough cough).The staff are courteous and accommodating. I called out for take-out one night and when I walked up to the restaurant, I found that they had mixed up my order and I'd have to wait a few more minutes. As an apology for waiting, they threw in free samosas! (btw, the samosas here are delicious). Rest assured, this isn't a regular occurrence; the next time I ordered from here, the order was promptly ready.The tandoori is very good. The chicken tikka masala is nice and creamy with good flavor. The palak paneer is also delicious. My taste buds are very happy to have found good Indian take-out within the city limits. (My waist-line is NOT pleased).
<review# 410,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/28/2010,10/18/2011,6,39,2,5,2>Just went for wine and dinner with a group of 10 women.  We went for the 1/2 off wine Wednesdays, which makes their reasonably priced wines (I think they have 20 bottles for $22) even cheaper!  I was impressed with the food, I had the pumpkin ravioli, and tried the spicy shrimp.  The ravioli were very sweet, but still a nicer dinner dish, and the presentation was great.   Best of all, the service was amazing.  Our waitress even did separate checks.  The restaurant is tastefully decorated, but the bathrooms were a little freaky to me, and the floors were sticky.  If you're going to try something here I've also heard rave reviews of the steak medallions on Alfredo and the crab cakes (and just about everything else on the menu).
<review# 411,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/27/2011,10/17/2011,18,98,,4,4>The Cathedral of Pittsburgh. Nothing beats a trip to the stadium on a Steelers Sunday to get a feeling of how crazy this town is for football. The stadium itself is modern, with comfortable seating, reasonably good food and beer, and great views of the field and city.  Where you sit in the winter does make a HUGE difference in your enjoyment of the game. Try not to sit near the ends of the upper tier; the wind really whips through the gaps between the section behind the goal posts and either side.  If you can afford it, when it's cold or raining, I would strongly recommend club seating. It will let you go inside between quarters or the half, and is one of the few places in the stadium with a full bar.
<review# 412,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/9/2011,10/16/2011,35,133,2,6,5>WONDERFUL FAMILY FARM EAST OF THE BURG!Now that I'm a momma - I'm all about healthy eating and trying new things! Since this is my new profession I've become fully invested in my new title and thanks to my awesome gramma reinvested in homemaking skills like canning, cooking, crocheting and sewing! So now that I do these activities I seem to hang out at farms a lot! I just love the idea of getting fresh food local! I come here for produce to can, great baked goods and pumpkin season. So on canning - this is the first year I've canned and I went big: peaches, tomatoes, salsa, chutney, preserves! I used a combo of organic and non organic produce - I get my non organic produce at Schramms. You can't beat the prices! Great quality and you know it's fresh - that I like the best!Now let's just hope I did everything right and don't poison people for Christmas!OK onto their bakery...! Once a year (during pumpkin session) I allow the ultra fatty in me to partake in a mini tart from their bakery. Needless to say they are amazing and rich and buttery - ie. You can only eat this once a year! Rhubarb FOREVER!Finally, Pumpkin Season! I've come here for pumpkin season since I was a kid cause it's a real working farm -  you pick pumpkins right off the vine in the fields, not just in a pile! They have homemade candied apples and a giant corn maze - it just feels so real and such a celebration of autumn! I love it all - go here to give your kid a taste of home grown greatness and have a real adventure on a real farm!
<review# 413,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/11/2011,10/15/2011,59,67,,6,2>I recently had my wedding at The Mayernik Center at the Avonworth Community Park. The facility is beautiful. The wooden interior is very warm and welcoming. I originally worked with the event coordinator Shannon, who was wonderful: very accommodating, available and informative. She notified me that she was leaving her job as event coordinator approximately 2 weeks before my wedding! I was a panicked bride after hearing this...what a nightmare! Shannon made our transition to Suzi, another event coordinator at the Center, extremely smooth. Although Shannon was pleasant to work with, I am so happy to have had Suzi coordinate my event. She is extremely personable, accommodating and flexible. I really felt like she was there for me on my wedding day. She took care of everything, from the last minute decision to move the ceremony inside to fluffing my train before I walked down the isle. She helped us clean up at the end of the night and my family and friends all loved working with her. The Mayernik Center is difficult to reserve, so I would plan to book at least a year ahead, preferably more if you want a Saturday date. I had a Friday wedding and would recommend it if all the Saturdays are taken. We did not have a DJ, but used the Mayernik Center's sound system to play music. It worked perfectly. The only reason I am not giving the Center 5 stars is that they do not have chairs available for outside ceremony's, which makes outside ceremony's very difficult. If you are looking around for an event location in the North Hills check out the Mayernik!
<review# 414,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/5/2011,10/14/2011,45,195,1,3,3>OMG THIS PLACE IS AMAZING! Okay, the ambiance is cutesy and romantic. Upon arrival you are given a bread basket with HUGE Texas sized bread. I wasn't such a big fan because it was so soft that it seems to deteriorate while holding it. Little too messy for my liking. The bruschetta was not your typical bruschetta and honestly I would not recommend it. The Caesar salad is really a pity. Although it looks like a Caesar salad it doesn't taste like one since the lettuce, croutons, and dressing are all so flimsy. It hardly tasted like anything. So why am I giving this place a 5 star review? Because the pasta is amazing! The best pasta I have ever had! Now I know why people with Italian mothers/grandmothers scoff at places like Olive Garden where they don't make their own noodles. What a difference it makes. The menu offers you a large selection of noodles (gluten free available) and sauces to choose from. I had the marfredo (mix of marinara and alfredo) and I was dying over how good it was. My girlfriend, who has an Italian family, had the aglio aoli (sp?) and she was also dying over how amazing this was. DO COME HERE but don't waste any of your time with the appetizers or bread. Save your appetite for the pasta! I didn't get to try the deserts but next time I want to try their tiramisu since all the deserts are also made on site.
<review# 415,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/8/2011,10/13/2011,119,112,4,5,3>I was eagerly awaiting the opening of this bar since it's owned by a couple of local guys and I love supporting local businesses. (Especially local businesses where I can get drizzunk.) I was intrigued by the name and came to find out from the bar tender working that during the prohibition era a "blind pig" was another term for a speakeasy. While I can't say that I get excited when I see another storefront turn into a bar in the Southside, at least it's locally owned.The interior, while small, will seat a few tables at the bar and a few more in the back dining area. We've even taken a group of 6-8 people a few times and they managed to accommodate us. The front of the business is one big window which is nice, natural light and the ability to watch all those silly girls in big girls shoes stumble by. The walls are white with black script hand lettering. I have to admit, I don't know what it all says though.Another fun fact, the ladies bathroom has a black sink and toilet. Every time I go in there I feel like I should be doing coke in a power suit with huge shoulder pads and teased out hair while talking about my stocks.They have great specials every single day of the week for drinks. Not to mention a single pizza slice special after 9pm every day.Speaking of pizza, HOLY BRICK OVEN PIZZA, BATMAN. It's the only food I've ordered from here but I have tried all but one of the varieties they offer. It's amazing. The descriptions on the menu are hilarious and every single pizza is great. I'll just leave it at the phrase, "meat sweats." (Their words not mine, I'm not that funny.)Sadly the place is usually pretty empty. Bad for the bar but great for me. They have two big flat screens right over the bar. Those who like the sports should be able to get their afternoon/evening dose of athleticism. If you are looking for somewhere new to go have dinner and drinks on the Southside, this is a great place to stop.
<review# 416,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/28/2011,10/12/2011,168,110,3,4,3>LOVE this airport, and I've been in a lot of freaking airports. When I lived in LA I used to cry and curse at the air, confused as to why LAX couldn't  be more like PIT. I actually get excited to come here and ride the tram! Then, if I'm really early I will sample the body butters at the Body Shop, check out face creams at Clinique and have a beer at O'briens. What is it about airports that make you feel ok about boozing at 10am? It's the most exciting feeling. Even a snack at TGI Fridays feels like an adventure. I am also convinced that PIT has the best selection of people for people watchin'- hours of good natured entertainment!! This place is always clean, even the restrooms! And that is a unique quality that is not often present in most airports. I love you, PIT and can't wait to see you again in 5 days, cause I know you will be here to welcome me, like an old friend, when I return!! Xoxo
<review# 417,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/10/2011,10/11/2011,48,74,1,6,4>This place is aaaaamazing.  We didn't have reservations, and on a busy theatre night, we were seated at the bar.  Unknowingly, we chose to check out the place on a night where happy hour involved half priced cocktails (think depression era libations) and $3 tin beer.  It was my first go at a San Franciscan black IPA, which was recommended to us by the bartender.  Beer fans, if you haven't already tried the "Back in Black," run to Meat and Potatoes right now.  We started with the beef tartar and bone marrow, then moved onto the salmon with brussel sprout kimchi and pork chop.  Everything was delicious (especially the brussel sprout kimchi!).  The pork chop was perfectly cooked, topped with bacon, and is still making my mouth water...The menu items are incredibly innovative and prepared perfectly.  I'll definitely be coming back soon!
<review# 418,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/29/2011,10/10/2011,64,177,2,4,2>It has been a while since this place has been reviewed.  I'm happy to report the service isn't as ornery as some of the people experience in the past, so YAY for improvement.  I eat here a couple times each month since they have their Gas Crisis lunch menu entries.Their sandwhiches always have fresh ingredients, and healthy portions of meat & cheeses in them.  The fries always come hot and not soggy, although sometimes I'm not a fan of their thicker cut selection for the fries.  I'm a shoestring width fry all the way kind of guy.Ten bucks (tip included) got me a grilled cheese with bacon, double order of fries, and a drink.  I was in and out in 35 minutes (which was nice since I wanted to go for a walk) and the service was decent.  They aren't rude or dismissive but they're also not going out of their way to sprinkle petals as you walk about the premises.For a quick decent meal at a good price, this place is certainly an option.
<review# 419,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/4/2014,7/15/2014,44,101,6,6,4>Ok kids, come on...the place isn't called 'El Bistro de' anything, nor will you find it under any Zagat listings. It isn't located on the Riviera, or anywhere near Shadyside or any other trendy nose-in-the-air (which is STILL laughable in Pittsburgh) acceptable neighborhood. It's in Blawnox, and it's called Bob's GARAGE...Bob's isn't the penthouse lounge at the Carlton...it's a neighborhood bar. And as a neighborhood bar goes...with the karaoke...it was actually a very pleasant little joint to hang out in for an evening with friends and sing our guts out.YES...they still allow smoking...YES, people drink well drinks there...and yes, the food has gluten in it and probably comes out of a freezer bag.Gordon Ramsey didn't rescue the joint, and the decorating most likely involves sales at Party City and a hot glue gun.Bob's Garage does not pretend to be anything that it isn't. Wanna pretend? Go hang at a Big Burrito joint, or dial up Kevin Sousa. Bob's is a funky and cool little joint to hang out in with a group of pretty decent people, all ages, who are out for an evening of a few drinks (I saw no drunks) being served by a bartender who was very friendly and helpful, in a location that does kind of look like Pool City exploded during Christmas time and landed in the middle of Party City during high season. It's comfortable, laid back, and the karaoke guy on Thursdays, John, was very kind and friendly, and did his karaoke like a pro. He also had a very nice singing voice himself. He didn't rip apart his karaoke singers like another 'Oke' leader in the burgh, who mostly caters to the gay bars.The other revelers that night were in a range from very good to ouch, but the atmosphere is such that if you can't carry a tune in a bucket...sooooooo what. People clap, and allow you to have a good time.I can't say I'd ever look at this place from the outside and say 'HEY - let's try it for lunch!' Or dinner for that matter. But for a fun evening just hanging with friends in an unpretentious atmosphere, and jumping up to sing...bring it on. The drinks aren't terribly overpriced, and no one is looking down on your for what you're wearing, or how badly you sound on a microphone. The more, the merrier.My only suggestion would be for the karaoke guys to bring back the 'books'. I know that everyone is staring into their palms on their smart phones these days, but really...not EVERYONE. And we had a very hard time scanning a songbook online when the signals were weak and the batteries were draining on the cell phones.And to be honest - for the smoke whiners - maybe they've upped the ventilation since the last reviews were written, but even though I smoke, I generally hate smoking indoors. And I didn't walk out with the usual smoking bar sensation of having a nicotine trail follow me home.Bottom line, if you're regular ol' folk, and would like a comfy location to have some fun with other regular ol' folk...park it in the Garage. Bob's Garage.ADDENDUM: Went back for a second dose on a Friday night, and had just as great a time. The difference was that we tried the food. I had a Reuben and my friends had a fish sandwich and the other a steak. Reasonable prices, not uppity gourmet, and not horrible. Just plain ol' decent bar food.
<review# 420,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/3/2014,7/14/2014,147,143,1,7,4>If you remember your Italian grandmother lovingly hand making you pizza dough and noodles then you will be transferred back to her dining room at Il Pizzaiolo. We had the meatball appetizer, a personal pizza and a pasta. Everything was freshly homemade, well seasoned, and full flavored.My wife and i went on a random Thursday afternoon, and it was still so busy, you couldn't get a table without a reservation.  We were promptly seated at the bar upstairs, and were immediately asked our drink order and given menus by a friendly and knowledgeable waitress. I'm not usually a huge pizza fan, but I'd heard so many good things about the pizza here that I had to try it.  It completely lived up to the hype.  My wife got the pasta which was fluffy, homemade, and equally delicious.  All the food came out very quickly, hot from the oven.  They make every effort to help workers get back on time from their lunch break.  They also had an impressive fine liquor, wine, and beer list, including belgium classics Chimay and Hoegaarden on tap.  Whether you're going for the fast, excellent service, the drink selection, the pleasant atmosphere, or some of the best Italian food you'll find anywhere (including Venice), Il Pizzaiolo is a perfect choice.  It seems so wonderful for all occasions, it's tempting to head here for every meal, but there is one drawback.  Premium pizza has a punishing price.  Our lunch (1 personal pan pizza, 1 pasta, 1 shared appetizer, no drinks or dessert) was $50 with tip.  If you're willing to settle for more pedestrian fair, that's the price of 10 foot long subway italian sub lunches at the subway less than 100 feet away.  From that perspective it's not a great lunchtime value.  Il Pizzaiolo also does not offer happy hour specials (They're busy all the time, so there's no incentive for them to discount).  On the other hand, despite taking great pride in being cheap, I absolutely feel like we got our money's worth.  For a special occasion, Il Pizzaiolo offers a flawless italian dining experience, and while I didn't used to think a personal pizza could be worth $18, Il Pizzaiolo's really is that good.  I heard from a friend the eggplant parmigiano is even better and I'm already on the hunt for the next special occasion that justifies going back for secondi!
<review# 421,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/3/2014,7/13/2014,39,148,1,10,4>Went here last night for dinner with some friends. Checked out the website before and found out they where BYOB so grabbed a bottle of red and headed out. There was a wait for tables and I felt like there wasn't really a system yet for taking down names and making sure everyone got a table, but the time they quoted us was pretty accurate.What we sampled:Hot mixed appetizers: It was good and a nice amount for four to share. I was most impressed by the borek filled with feta cheese which was delicious! Humus: Outstanding.  The pita bread was not all heated through, but the humus was so delicious!I had the shish kebab. It was delicious! I was really happy with the flavor and paired with the rice, salad, cabbage, and yogurt sauce it made for delicious wraps with the pita.Others at the table sampled the kofte (so good!), gyro (delicious!), and the iskender kebab (I loved this! The yogurt it was served with was incredible!)We also ordered Turkish Coffee and Tea as well as the baklava to end the meal.  I wasn't a fan of either the coffee or tea, but the baklava was some of the best I have ever had!There where a few service snafus, but the waitress was very apologetic and kept thanking us for our patience. Overall the food took a while to come out, but once we where eating we where happy!
<review# 422,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/4/2014,7/12/2014,11,42,2,6,5>The place is awesome! I came here on a rainy afternoon and sat beside the window door. It was great to sit there with the combination of warmth indoor and air from outside. The patio would be a great place for sunny days.The staff are very friendly. Though I have to say that I didn't enjoy my Spiced Vienna that much. The cappuccino I had was okay. Otherwise I would have given it five stars.It seems that there are a bunch of events going on there. It's probably a good idea to check their facebook webpage? Anyway, I think I'll be coming back again.
<review# 423,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/16/2014,7/11/2014,819,204,3,10,8>Conflict Kitchen is definitely one of the most unique restaurants in PGH.  For those unfamiliar with it, the concept is to serve food from countries with which the US is currently in political conflict.  It's run by students from CMU, who are happy to educate customers about the culture in addition to the food.When a friend asked me a few months ago if I'd like to try it out, I jumped at the opportunity to do so, since I'd heard so many interesting things about it.  Never having sampled Iranian cuisine before, I wasn't sure what to expect.  Since I don't eat lamb (it's too close in flavor and texture to beef for me, which I also don't eat), I went with the qorma-e lubia, the one vegetarian option on the menu.  As a non-vegetarian, I'm often inherently skeptical of vegetarian dishes (I'm not a fan of tofu, generally), but it was surprisingly good!  I found it to be well-seasoned and savory, with a nice mixture of textures.  I also ordered the sharbat-e rayhan (lemon rosewater drink with basil seeds), and it was also surprisingly good.  If you like your drinks on the sweeter side, I'd definitely recommend giving it a try!  My friend ordered the kabuli palow (lamb w/ rice), and told me that she greatly enjoyed it, as well.Since it was a nice day, we ate at one of the tables right across from the stand, which provided a great view of Cathedral of Learning and students tanning in Schenley Plaza.  I look forward to returning to sample interesting food from other cuisines with which I'm unfamiliar.  4.5 stars.
<review# 424,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/22/2014,7/10/2014,206,143,4,3,2>A margherita at Stone runs $6.35.  Six dollars and thirty-five cents for a bona fide Neapolitan pie.  For your reference, a Tombstone is $4.99.  So for as little as $1.36 you can upgrade from the unfathomable frozen abyss to life-affirming pizza glory.My only gripe is location. It's a great lunch spot but as much as I love the pizza I never think to come for dinner since it's not really on the way to or from anywhere except the Point.  That said, if they ever open a 2nd location (please come to the east end!), there is no reason to go anywhere else.
<review# 425,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/27/2014,7/9/2014,19,76,4,6,5>Apparently this place has been open since November, but I had no idea because of a lack of signage.  Luckily, management decided to finally invest in a bright blue awning that caught my attention while driving down Murray Ave.  I said to my PIC, "We should try that place."  Then, lo and behold a few days later, we were there, enjoying quite a pleasurable Jew-ish bistro lunch.  The sign worked!Now, this place isn't Kosher or anything (hence "Jew-ish"), but my PIC who is of the Chosen People has stated that this is probably one of the best places to get Jewish inspired food in Pittsburgh, and that's saying something from him.  Me, being a Shiksa and unfamiliar with this type of cuisine can't say the same.  However, I *AM* a lover of food, I can say with certaninty that it was pretty darn good.  I got the T.O.M. and even though I'm not eating bread at the moment, the brisket and kishka (think meatloaf shaped sausage thing) were excellent and drenched with this tasty, tasty gravy.  The PIC got the Jewbano, which he devoured.  I even broke my "no bread" rule to take a bite of his awesome looking sandwich.  Luckily I didn't lose a finger in the process!  Additionally, the wait staff seemed very friendly and were attentive to us.  The only thing I didn't really like was the awkwardness of having to go through the kitchen to get to the shared bathroom with Pamela's next door.
<review# 426,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/30/2014,7/8/2014,70,74,,5,2>WHAT?  You've never been to Burgatory?  This was the cry of my friends when I sat down and asked what was good.  Turns out, pretty much everything.  There are two highlights on the menu: the burger taking center stage, and the unbelievably good milkshakes.  While there are several standard types of burgers you can order from the menu, the burger "money" is to use the order sheet and choose from the many selections of buns, condiments, and cheese.  One of my friends dining with us has a cheat sheet he brings with him so he can recreate the amazing burger he made on a previous visit.  It's that good.My friends all had the salted caramel milkshake which they were generous enough to let me try - Ahh-ma-zing!  I opted for a nice craft beer that complimented my delicious burger.  I'll be back.
<review# 427,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/9/2014,7/7/2014,143,349,5,5,4>Teetering between 3-4 stars.  Been wanting to try this place out and finally got a chance this weekend with the bf.  I opted for the buffet since I wasn't sure what I'd like and was in the mood to sample a few items.  Most of the dishes were purely veggies or had tofu incorporated in to them.  I enjoyed the fried tofu (how can anything be bad fried?!?!) and there was a garlic tofu dish which was tasty.  They had garlic kale which was surprisingly delish...kale can be iffy.  I also liked the Asian vegetables and helped myself to 2 servings.  I wasn't too fond of this fried chickpea concotion or the "supreme" rice which ended up being curried rice.  There was a carrot/cinnamon cake which was good but the green cake was dry and not good at all.  Bf got a bbq dish with a ton of noodles - he said it was decent.  He was a good sport since he is mainly carnivorous and I'm more of the herbavore so I appreciated that he took me here!I felt the decor was a bit odd - all white seating, seemed very modern.  I guess I was expecting more of a hippie, carefree vibe but it seemed a bit sterile in terms of decor.  There was also some Romanesque looking columns near the entryway...maybe the place was a Mediterranea joint before.  Also there was some bizzarre incidences with the staff.  We were told to sit wherever we wanted but didn't get waited on until quite some time later.  Water was provided and we saw the buffet but would have appreciated some wait service to see what exactly we wanted to order.  Especially since the bf wanted to order off the menu.  Maybe they assume everyone wants the buffet, but that type of thinking is what annoys me about places that offer buffets.  Also another wait staff (who at first didn't seem as if he worked there) came over to our tables and was asking to take our straws...since we didn't know he worked there we thought it was some random stranger trying to swipe our straws!  He never explained what the heck he was doing and we finally figured out he was an employee a few minutes later.  Then we were given 2 smoothie drinks we never ordered, but the waiter who dropped them off didn't even make eye contact with us to see if they were indeed our drinks...I walked up to the front desk area to let them know.  When we got the bill, I saw that the bufffet was $14.99!  Talk about sticker shock...seemed a bit steep...espeically for a VEGAN buffet.  While I thought it was good, I wouldn't go with the buffet again at that price - all the dishes in the menu seemed to be about $10 under which made me think the buffet was comprable.  Definitely didn't feel like I got our $ worth from the buffet.
<review# 428,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/9/2014,7/6/2014,27,73,,4,3>This place is awesomely cool. I recently attended a wedding reception of a good friend in this space. Artsy, Industrial, Barn House Vibe, modern, contemporary ... this place has covered it all. The combination of the exposed high ceiling with small windows, the color giant paintings, the sleek raised bar/kitchen and the concrete polished floor is what makes this place unique and appealing.This is the perfect venue to hold almost every kind of small-mid sized (less than 100 people) events. The only issue with this place is the lack of Restrooms. There's only two (Men and women) private restrooms that I was aware of - so, expect to have a long line.Another good thing about this place is the parking - Despite being in the middle of south side - they have a pretty good deal with the Giant Eagle Area Parking lot (a block away) where a designated part of the lot is reserved for the guests. So, yeah.. no need to drive around looking for street parking.
<review# 429,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/13/2011,9/18/2011,351,500,3,5,4>Once a year during the lovely month of June, dahntahn (that's downtown for you non Yinzers) Pittsburgh is transformed for 10 days by this, our largest festival. Three Rivers Arts Festival was founded in 1960 by the Women's Committee of the Carnegie (that's Car-NEG-ee for you non Yinzers) Museum of Art, and started as a small outdoor venue for local artists. This year there were 280 booths in the juried artists market, with everything from metalwork jewlery to paintings to sculpture being offered for sale. I'm impressed anew each year as I stroll through the market at both the quality and scope of the art that's displayed here. The festival brings in both local artists and those who travel the country with their wares. It's also a showcase for performing artists, with the Dollar Bank stage featuring quite a few great acts this year, including Buckwheat Zydeco, who played last night to an appreciative audience. I think he forgot he wasn't in New Orleans at one point, as he tried to rouse us with a "Who Dat?" call and response. I think Doug and I may have been the only ones to get into it. I could have told him, "Yinz are in Stiller country". (that's "you're in Steeler country" for you non Yinzers). There's dance and theater, with performances scheduled every day during the fest, and lots of activities for the kiddies. The food is your typical festival fare for this neck of the woods...sausages on rolls, chicken on a stick, pierogies and stuffed cabbage, dogs and burgers, smoothies and lemonade. I understand there was a lobster burger available this year, but I was busy eating too much kettle corn to try it. We put off our visit to the fest this year until the last day, as we wanted to hear Buckwheat Zydeco play. Next year I'll try a week day, as the narrow walkways were clogged with people yesterday. That's my only gripe; it's congested. However, that also means it's thriving, so let's focus on the blessing of that. The festival is free, including all musical acts and performances. We paid $10 to park at the Gateway Center. Bring grandma, bring the kids, and have some fun.
<review# 430,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/10/2011,9/17/2011,63,263,,6,2>We just went to Notion last night for the first time, and were wondering why we haven't heard of this place before.  It's phenomenal, and any Pittsburgh foodie worth their salt should be flocking to try this place.  One of the few places in Pittsburgh that I know of that's doing the whole molecular gastronomy thing, other than Nine on Nine, and perhaps, a little bit of Root 174.  I suppose Salt also has a bit of that going on too.Notion is a bit out of town, but totally worth the drive, if you're coming from central Pittsburgh.  It's located right next to an old school theatre, and the decor is interestingly non-pretentious, given the price point.  We enjoyed the waitstaff, but our group of six almost overwhelmed the restaurant (maybe a little of alcohol was involved...) - I would recommend seating larger parties to the side if possible, just to manage the sound load.We started with an amuse of a lime foam, which really worked for some of us, and was a little too tart for the rest.  Either way, it was a fascinating opener to a really creative meal.  We had the chef's tasting, and while I can't remember every single course, I'll name some of the highlights - I really loved the beef tartare that was the first course.  It tasted just like home marinated goodness, and I mean that in the best way possible.  They serve it to you in little lettuce cups, so it's like a mini lettuce wrap.  Just fantastic.Our second course was the english pea soup, which was also phenomenal.  You're first presented with something that looks like custard with some sliced bananas on the side, and then they pour in green pea soup.  The custard stuff is actually some sort of manchego cream, and this was quite possibly my favorite dish of the night.  Totally unexpected, totally creative, and absolutely delicious.  I bet you've never thought of having banana slices with your pea soup.  Well, now you should try it.We also had a sweet bread risotto, which was an interesting ying yang mix of sweet and salty.  The rib eye was topped with an heirloom tomato foam, which, when combined with the horseradish sauce on the meat, was quite delicious.  My only complaint about this dish is that I wished that the beef had a little more structure to it - it seemed, on its own, a little bland and ... limp.  The salmon was also fine, but seemed the least inspired of all the dishes to me - perfectly done salmon with pickled cucumbers and cream cheese.  We finished with the blackberry and milk chocolate desserts, both of which were great.  This means a lot, coming from a girl who doesn't really do dessert.Anyway, needless to say, this was one of the best meals I've had since coming to Pittsburgh, and I absolutely cannot wait to start spreading the word about this place.  Despite my love for many of the restaurants in Pittsburgh, it's a rare place that goes for maximal creative output, and Notion definitely runs at the top of the pack.  We've heard that they are trying to move to a location closer to the city, and hope that this happens soon.  When it happens, we will gladly add it to our line up of go to restaurants for special occasions.
<review# 431,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/14/2011,9/16/2011,42,34,3,10,6>First Impression (5/5): It was sooo clean and it smelled good... I was in heaven. All of the meat looked fresh and I was greeted with a smiling face! Can't beat that! Customer Service (5/5): I have no clue when was the last time I had great service like that. The guy was extremely nice and super helpful. It was my husband's birthday so he wanted to make some mini bocadillos because he missed Spain (very random). My husband had absolutely no clue what meat he wanted to get or what he had taste for so you can imagine how difficult it was to start suggesting meats. The guy was awesome because he recommended some really good meats that we probably would have never tried. The meat (5/5): It was delicious! We ended up getting 4 different types of meats and my favorite was the dried Chorizo. Everything was very inexpensive too so that was a big plus. I will definitely be coming back
<review# 432,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/24/2011,9/15/2011,143,349,5,6,6>This place has taste and value written all over it!  The cakes, cookies, and pastries at Bethel Bakery (BB) are delish!  I will emphasize their cakes are soooo good.  Also they won't break the bank account, very reasonable prices and you almost feel like you should be paying more for what your getting - but shhhh don't tell them.  I often compare BB and Prantl's b/c I feel like they are both superior cake/pastry places around the Pittsburgh region, but Prantl's is definitely alot more expensive and not that much better (although there are items at Prantl's I'm willing to splurge on).  But don't get me wrong they are both superb establishments and are probably comparable with regards to taste.  But I was shopping around for cakes for a friend's b'day and I always enjoyed Prantl's novelty cakes in their display window, such as the burger cake and the pizza cake.  That is until I checked out their prices - yikes!  It was like $50 for the burger cake and $75 for the pizza cake.  Now I don't know about you, but for that money I'd try my luck at baking this myself with a box of Betty Crocker yellow cake mix and some vanilla frosting, food coloring, and sub-par artistic talent.Luckily for my friend and for my own sake (and bank account), I went to BB's website and saw the Pizza cake for a mere $21.50!!!!  You can't beat that price and it looked amazing and I'd like to add tasted even better than it looked.  My friend loved it and so did all the guests. And to tell you how committed I was to BB's cakes - I live in Shadyside (right near Prantl's) and drove to Bethel Park just to pick up this cake.
<review# 433,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/28/2011,9/14/2011,31,22,15,18,11>Oh wow....legit spa in pittsburgh with super friendly estheticians. I had been to Judit's before to buy a gift card for one of my girlfriends and i noticed that the owners were very friendly.  The brazilian i got here recently solidified their legit status in my books.  I was driving home after a bikram yoga session and i remembered that i had a date with the pool in 24 hours and so my amazon needed some serial deforestation. Parking was easy to find on East carson 25cts for 30 minutes. I walked in  sans appointment and was greeted by Judit. i told her i needed a brazilian wax and she told me that she could fit  me in. ..on a saturday guys!!! ...Amazing!!!!!  I am very attached to my esthetician in Denver and i was initially a bit skeptical. 10 minutes later and Judit led me into a cute little room in the back. It was very clean and the decor was cute.  They used hard wax not  the old school strips. The hard wax is gentle and great for sensitive skin.  I was kind of gross-post yoga and i kept apologizing but she was totally cool about it.  she was fast, gentle and we chatted as she mowed my lawn. she made sure i was  comfortable the entire time. They also do the back side which is usually uncomfortable but she was fast and before i knew it we were done. She then handed me a towel with some oil and left the room.  She was a total pro (duh!!! she owns the place) and the entire wax lasted about 10 minutes.... Im used to paying less for waxes in denver but i thought $60 was still decent considering that you don't have to go back for 4-6weeks. FYI: bring some cash if you plan on tipping or tell them how much you want to tip before they run your card.  I didn't see any products to prevent post wax bumps for purchase in the spa but i had some at home so i didn't bother to ask. If its your first time getting a wax i would ask them if they have any Tend skin solution.... its great. I will def be going be going back here...i hear their facials are amaze!
<review# 434,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/19/2011,9/13/2011,94,203,1,6,4>So let me start off and say this is the best deli I've ever been to.  There is a cheese counter and a meat counter.  They have great prices, freshest products, biggest variety.  You name the cold cut and they have it here.    Name your cheese, they have it here.  They also have an olive bar, a huge pasta selection including freshly made pasta up by the registers.  They have fresh pizza doe, homemade pasta sauce, oil oils, balsamic vinegars, variety of nuts, crackers, cookies, veggies, fruits, breads.  Oh those pepperoni rolls are better than Mancini's pizza rolls.  Get them early in the am though or poof - gone!  Rivals any NYC deli and possibly beats due to better pricing.....It's 5 star worthy!!!!
<review# 435,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/23/2011,9/12/2011,290,116,4,6,3>"R2D2"... "E2" cool! "Uhm...no genius, E squared" HB corrected. OOOH! I'm quite the nerd! On our way to Smiling Banana leaf we stumbled on E2. There was a sweet couple just leaving and they highly approved of their evening.BYOB already in hand for dining at the banana,  E2 BYOB,  A OK lets go!I will be back to SBL but HB was having some BF troubles so it was her pick. She wanted pasta and I'll eat anything! This place is not just for brunch. I got the impression that they have a fast changing menu offering fresh produce that changes with the seasons. The special menu board had many options.It is cute as pie in there too. We sat at a banquette along the wall at around 8:30 on a Wednesday night. The chalkboard looking tables with handwritten Italian script, low lights for intimate dining, and fresh English garden looking center pieces. Bellissimo!The server was nice and prompt offering advice and getting to the matter of opening our wine for the $6 fee. Seen cheaper. Still better than a $30 bottle that you find in the store for $10.I wanted to try the butter squash with chevre starter but HB wanted boring salad. "Whatever...get what you want" I complained but going to lose points as a dining partner if you're not more courageous! She decided on the walnut, beet, arugula, and blue cheese salad. I know I should have tried the BC but I had my heart set on chevre and they made the switch for me without a word. I just crave the sweet crunchy beets mixed with that creamy goat cheese, plus the nuts. I go NUTZ! Soo good! HB doesn't like beets so she left them all for me to enjoy.For our entrees. Huge meatball dish from the next table over Ho! I am big fan of meatballs and I wanted to try. I was debating between the Oxtail and polenta dish vs the spaghetti and meatballs. Oxtail great menu choice but can be fatty so that's why I was questioning?? The choice was made for me as they only had a half order of the meatballs left. So there it was. HB decided on the Rigatoni alla Bolognese.I don't know if anyone likes to play chef in the kitchen at home but I do and last time I made my famous football chili I added Oxtail. It is a pricey, flavorful meat on the bone yet quite fatty. It requires a long braising or slow cooker time to allow for the melt in your mouth taste. The point is that the fat needs to be addressed. My oxtail polenta dish was just that. Tender bites, a little fatty but not the gristley type. The sauce was thick with nice sized chunks of carrots. Herb seasoned and buttery polenta worked so well in the mix.I ate it all because "this is not a take home sort of dish" I told HB. Haha I just wanted to finish it off without the look. I did have a couple bites of her Bolognese and I would have thoroughly appreciated hers as well. Dessert? No room but I will be back to try the BEIGNETS! Cheers!
<review# 436,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/9/2011,9/11/2011,81,73,6,4,2>Review of the Champagne Brunch Buffet $19.95 for unlimited food and unlimited booze on a hungover sunday morning, yes and yes! My normally healthy eating habits were thrown into the river when I saw the spread at the buffet.  In order to get over my hangover I started off with a water, a diet pepsi and a bloody mary. I followed that with a full plate of mac and cheese, french toast, pizza, mushroom ravioli, large plate of desserts.  They had a wide variety of food (seafood, salad bar, craving stations, asian stir fry) but I was grease focused there was no room for salad or seafood on my plate. Did I mention they have unlimited booze? Check it out! Your pounding headache will thank you! Brunch is no joke in my book.
<review# 437,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/4/2011,9/10/2011,2678,1419,16,16,14>Last weekend's visit to The Aviary has convinced me that birds are the vainest of creatures. Pres the penguin jumps in front of you in an attempt to be the center of attention, all suited up without an Oscar party to attend.The Bald Eagles and Steller's Sea Eagles pose stoically when you snap a picture.Macaws and Cockatoos, clowns of nature they are, dance with a giddy rhythm when they see you looking at them while the peacock-ish Victoria Crowned Pigeon walks the floor like a perturbed chaperone at a graduation party. After all, you're in HIS house, and he's merely tolerating your presence. Oh, while we're on this track, who let that pothead "Wookiee" the Two-toed Sloth in the room? He's loitering and didn't bring enough for everyone anyway. Jeez, does he want the cops to raid us? I'm also convinced that birds were designed by comic book artists. Gaze at the Scarlet-headed Blackbird, the Black-faced Tanager, the Fairy Bluebird, and the Dhyhal Thrush and see costumes for superheroes and supervillians that have yet to be created. Who knew that flamingos could be so obnoxious? They're what rich ex-wives are reincarnated into, hooting gutterally over food instead of alimony checks. I kid the flamingos and rich ex-wives, sort of. It could be my imagination projecting onto them, but to me, birds  have so much innate personality, the Aviary putting all of it out there on parade. There are shows, presentations, and such, but I really just preferred to study the birds on my own, humorously observing their quirks, smiling at their neoteny, staring in awe at their beauty, basking in their majesty. May the National Aviary, giant of wildlife conservation that it is, remain a sanctuary for these amazing, endangered creatures for decades to come. P.S. I could see someone knocking off a star for the Aviary's brevity. It does lack the scope and gravitas of Phipps Conservatory (I.E. there isn't as much to see, and it doesn't take as long to tour), but consider what they're housing. There are only so many rare, exotic birds to go around, so for what it holds, the Aviary is pretty impressive and is the largest zoo of its kind in North America (600 birdies!). That could be why it is the only aviary in the U.S. that has been given honorary "National" status by Congress. P.P.S. The Wetlands portion of the Aviary is a little, err...smelly. You have been warned.P.P.P.S. Birds will evacuate their tiny bowels regardless of whether or not you're sitting or standing beneath them. Again, you have been warned.
<review# 438,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/14/2011,9/9/2011,1030,539,,11,10>Haven't been to Lemont in many a year!  Always liked the food and service was impeccable!   Well it hasn't changed!The maitre'd showed our small group to a great table in the corner.  Yes!, what a great view!  Had reservations for a friends birthday...special occasion.  Fun to watch boats on the river, the incline and planes flying over the Northside..oh excuse me, it is now the North Shore.  We did go mid-week so it was not crowded.We had a few kids, ages 11 to 14, and the maitre'd and server were so good at making sure they could order just about anything they wanted.  They had a long list of ideas not on the menu, since everything is made to order.  Fantastic!  Server went way above and beyond, like you would expect at a top notch restaurant.The tables were so sweet!  Shiny table ware and glasses.  Fancy plates and linens, it is nice to dine out.  We ordered some Champagne to start off and waiter made sure to ask about the type we preferred, Brut, Asti or semi???  Great job!Server also suggested we not over order apps, and extras and told us about the roasted tomato that came with our meal.  Started with a couple of apps, escargot alio was so nice with garlic, not seen much anymore but fun to see the kids try!  The crepes fontinia were delicious.Had a classic, the Lemont salad, nice fresh greens served with the Lemont vinaigrete, really enjoyable.  The meal came with assorted fresh bread and was refilled when needed.Had the Veal loin rib chop for two that was cooked perfectly, tender and sweet.  Others had the salmon, New York Strip steak and a special kids spaghetti. Everyone loved their meals and how they were cooked. Managed to get a bite of the spaghetti when the young one next to me keep saying this is better than grandmom's.  It was very good indeed.When you go you have to try the deserts.  We decided to get a couple of the old tried and true cooked tableside so the kids, big kids too, could watch and try deserts they have never seen.  The Baked Alaska and Bananas Foster were sweet and very good, as was the coconut cake.  Deserts were passed around and the Bananas were the fav.Lemont can be a little pricey if you order extras, but not to bad if you stick to the basics, but  you get really good food and service.  This is a top notch place during the week.  What a great experience!
<review# 439,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/20/2013,2/22/2014,90,178,,10,6>Best Indian food I've had in Pittsburgh. I'm so  glad I found this place a little hidden on N.Craig St in Northern Oakland. I was originally going to an Indian spot a block away because there were more reviews for this place but after tasting their tamarind sauce I was very very disappointed. So I ended up walking down the street to this little spot hidden off behind a bar or beer distributor.From the outside it looks almost too small to be anything more than a fast food spot but one inside it opens up beautifully  and extends past the main dining room to a private area for larger dinner parties. They have a decent bar with seating for about 6 as well as an awesome array of fresh made beverages like tea and lassi. They serve water in these goblets which I'm not too fond of since its metal and I don't like the feel of the metal on my lips so I just ask for a normal glass.They serve their version of chips and dips which is basically these thin crisp with three different sauce. Tamarind, a pickled chile's mixture and some green dip. My favorite is definitely the tamarind because its so sweet and thick but the mixed chile's come in a close second. I believe you only get the chips if you order off the regular menu which we did on our first visit but It was a Thursday and they offered the buffet on this day and Sunday only.So after deciding on drinks we made our way up to the buffet. Man were there so many amazing options. Every label listed whether the item was gluten free or vegan which was a good comfort. They had tea at the beginning of the buffet followed by a chickpea dish surrounded with fresh bread and elegantly decorated. The salad bar was great too with different sauces to put on your salad other than ranch and italian. They also had an amazing fruit salad which was pineapples mixed in a mango based pudding like sauce, Delicious!! After the salad where various types of  curried sauces at least 5 to 6 along with jasmine rice and basmati rice. They had these mushrooms that literally tasted like general tso's sauce and they were sweet and crunchy that I almost forgot I was eating mushrooms. At the end of the hot foods was your meat choices like chicken tandoori and curried fish, chicken and goat. On top of all the food they had dessert was a great ending to this wonderful array of choices. They offered whose pancakes balls soaked in a thin syrup like base and something known as fried sugar shaped similar to pretzels. I wasn't too fond of the fried sugar because it tasted too much like the oil that it was fried in and that wasn't a pleasant taste in my opinion. After finishing our meal we let our food settle and enjoyed some interesting tea that had a distinct taste of cinnamon and some other spice. I drank it without sugar which was a great choice because it ruins the flavor.It was my hubbys first time here but it won't certainly be his last. The best part is that the buffet was only $10 a person!!! Such a great deal for all the food we had to try. It was totally worth it in my opinion!! See you guys soon.
<review# 440,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/25/2013,2/21/2014,86,270,1,9,4>For Sichuan style food, this place is decent, but I would usually opt to go to Sichuan Gourmet instead. How Lee's menu is much less extensive, and it usually tends to turn out more expensive as they don't have Yelp or cash discounts (as far as I know). How Lee does have lunch specials, including on weekends, and some good items include the beef tendon, twice-cooked pork, and kung pao chicken.Usually though, we come here for what has become our favorite item at How Lee: the beef noodle soup. Straight up Sichuan style cooked in red hot chili soup, with tender beef and fresh leaves, these noodles cannot be beat, at least in the Squirrel Hill area. Sichuan Gourmet has several different beef noodle items as well, but they are somewhat inconsistent in their quality, and we have never found that to be a problem at How Lee. Although this is on their Appetizers menu, it is definitely enough for a full meal for one person, and being cheaper than a meal this is very much worth it.
<review# 441,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/3/2013,2/20/2014,147,143,,7,3>I first tried Everyday Noodles when they first opened and felt they were just blandly "Every day", but having gone back recently, they have mastered their craft!  Expertly prepared noodles, and the best soup dumplings I've had since Hong Kong.  Expect friendly service, an attractively remodeled modern asian atmosphere, and light, home made, flavorful, authentic, freshly prepared food.  Given all that, why isn't it a 5 that I want to go to "Every day"?  It has fairly limited menu options, and a few of the dishes are a bit timid.  Still all in all, a worthy contender against Squirrel Hill's many excellent asian eateries.  I can't get enough of their soups, noodles, and soup dumplings and I look forward to returning back again in the near future!
<review# 442,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/16/2014,2/17/2014,18,18,5,6,5>Mussels, mussels, mussels, mussels, mussels, mussels, mussels, mussels, mussels, mussels, mussels, mussels mussels,  mussels, mussels, mussels, mussels, mussels, mussels, mussels, mussels, mussels, mussels mussels...sigh...Mussels, Mussels, mussels, mussels, mussels, mussels, mussels, mussels, mussels, mussels, mussels, Mussels, mussels, mussels, mussels, mussels, mussels, mussels, mussels, mussels, mussels, mussels, mussels mussels...I mean, seriously, the mussels...just thinking about them makes my mouth water. Now, obviously, I'm a BIG fan of mussels, and I've eaten a lot of good mussels in a lot of good places, but nothing compares. They are known for their mussels, and everyone says to go for their mussels...yea, yea - but no, really, go for their mussels.I had visited their sister company quite some time ago, Point Bruges - and ever since have been itching to visit this place. The mussels and everything we had at Point was amazing. While mostly positive things come to mind when thinking of this restaurant...my mussels and frites were - beyond delicious. However,my friends pasta meal came out...luke warm...so there's that. We were having a very late lunch (senior citizen style dinner), so there weren't many in the restaurant. We were at a two top - and the service was great - attentive and seemed genuinely interested - but after our plates were cleared, I was still finishing a glass of wine, and we began to feel rushed. The waitress coming over multiple times (glass of wine still half full) looking for the payment for the check that she gave us. I looked behind us and saw that the dinner rush was beginning, there were quite a few people waiting for a table at this point. The table next to us - another two top - was empty - so I knew we were getting the feeling of being rushed because they were going to combine our two with that two to make a four top - low and behold - as soon as we stood, that happened. Well, such is life - for a restaurant who doesn't take reservations - they must turn tables quickly. There was another incident with a toddlers squeaky shoes (I mean these shoes were purposefully squeaky as though they had a dog toy in them) who walked around the restaurant for a bit too long - but I can imagine management was probably stuck between a rock and hard place with that one.All in all though, very satisfied. Great place to go...not sure why, but feels very Pittsburgh to me. Very really good eats Pittsburgh.And you must try the mussels ;-)
<review# 443,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/11/2014,2/16/2014,39,326,,7,3>This is a gem hidden away (maybe too far away) in Webster Hall off of Fifth in Oakland. I worked a block away for three years and had no idea it was even there until another graduate student gave me the menu before he finished his degree and said, "this is my secret that I'm passing on to you." So, for better and/or worse, I'm letting the cat out of the bag here. This is the best cheap food you will find in all of Oakland for lunch (or breakfast). It's funny, the first time I ordered from them I called beforehand and ordered a veggie burger and some fries and told them I'd walk over to pick it up (they also deliver within 3 or so blocks)- and I couldn't even find the place after walking through the maze of Webster! After finally getting there, I walked into the little kitchen and there were a bunch of guys there just hanging out. Don't let the small space fool you... it's got a big heart, as well as the cook there (.... I'm not sure if it was Kevin). He was super nice and after I told him I had gotten lost and it was my first time eating there, he gave me a free dessert and told me to come back soon! I mean, who can beat $3 for a well cooked and tasty veggie burger and fries for less than $2? And the food was great! Since then, I have been back a couple of times. I recommend calling your order in first. They also do a mean breakfast, from bagels to hot stuff like omelets and hash browns. The one con to this place is that it closes pretty early in the afternoon, I think around 4 or so. I've been working late a couple of times and called over for dinner and I was super bummed (as well as my stomach) that they had already closed for the day.
<review# 444,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/8/2014,2/15/2014,53,7,,8,6>The Backstage Bar is my favorite bar in the city. I love to come here before or after seeing shows downtown. The drinks are good, the food is good (their menu is now presented by Meat & Potatoes. Nom!), and the staff is delightful. I love to come here during off days when it's slow to allow more time to chat with the bartenders, they are quippy and sassy! But even when it's super busy because of something exciting going on in the cultural district, the service is still pretty quick and they can handle a rush. They have a nice selection of wine, which I appreciate, and they offer about eight different draft selections. Their specialty cocktails change with whatever show is going on at the Cabaret Theater, so there is always a nice variety when you go back. Another great thing about their drinks is that lot of their stuff is handcrafted, like house infused liquors and homemade simple syrups. With such a variety, the staff is always very helpful in helping you pick out the right drink for you!I was just here this week with my boyfriend before seeing a show at Pittsburgh Playwrights Theatre and had the best time. We had some wine, Justin had a beer (Abita Grapefruit IPA. Grapefruit, yuck! IPA, yuck!) , and I tried one of their specialty cocktails for their show "Judge Jackie Justice." We also shared their House-made rosemary + sea salt chips with their own french onion dip and a margherita pizza. The chips were amazing and the pizza was great, although I didn't care for the extra large pieces of basil. The atmosphere is great. They feature art from local artists along the main wall, the lighting is nice (it's dim, but without being so dark that you can't see the person you're talking to. I'm looking at you MadMex Oakland!), and sometimes they feature live music. If you find yourself downtown with some time to kill or you're looking for a good place for pre or post show food and drinks, give The Backstage Bar a try. You won't regret it!
<review# 445,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/12/2013,2/14/2014,59,67,3,6,4>I have ordered and picked up lunch for over 10 people at Thai Hana, and also have eaten in restaurant with a smaller group.  Both times I have been delighted with the food and service.My most recent visit to Thai Hana was with a group of 3.  I ordered the 2 roll lunch, Spicy Tuna and Spicy Salmon, and the sushi was really tasty, and big enough to be STUFFED after 2 rolls.  My friends got fried rice and an eggplant dish and both were very pleased with their meals.  The real star of this joint, though, is the service.  Our waiter was really what made Thai Hana stand out apart from all other lunch sites in Oakland.  He was friendly, even though he was busy, and really made us feel welcome and special.  He joked around with us, suggested items, and was very prompt with our order.  He recommended the Thai Iced Tea, one of my favorites, which I didn't even know they had. Next time you're in Oakland treat yourself to lunch or dinner at Thai Hanna!
<review# 446,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/17/2013,2/13/2014,143,349,2,6,4>I hadn't been to D's in years so when my friend and I took a hike through Frick Park and decided to stop by D's to grab some grub I was anxious to see if my memory of my past experience was on point years later.Well it was - great atmosphere, staff and food.  I had the Chicago Hot Dog with a handful of fries.  Perfect amount of food and I couldn't even finish the fries...and they were some goooood fries!  I got my first pumpkin beer of the season from their beer cave and while I can't remember the brewery it was exactly what I wanted on a cool and crisp day after a hike.  This is a great spot for some craft beers and bar type food.
<review# 447,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/12/2013,2/12/2014,14,52,4,10,6>Some people say that everyone is creative, that even the small choices that a person makes are his or her art--the fruits on our breakfast plate, the washed-out blue denim with the herringbone blazer, the scenic drive over the straight shot. For people who appreciate this, the Burgatory menu is a thing of beauty. It's like sitting down with a skilled artist who has laid out all sorts of materials--oil paints, watercolors, pastels, charcoal, googly eyes--and you get to choose all of your favorites for them to create a masterpiece. Charcoal with deep red paint. Pastel pinks with glitter. Except, you know, this involves food, which is the actual best thing ever.Caramelized onion marmalade, truffled shallot aioli, angel dust rub, cabernet sauce, bacon jam. Literally anyone can be made happy with meat choices including elk and bison, regular beef, chicken, crab (!?) and veggie burgers. Traditional white bun, whole wheat, or no bun at all--among other options. If you're not up for trying to pair BBQ with sriracha and horseradish cream and just want food in your mouth stat, there are some predesigned burgers that are their own works of art. Help yourself to a Monet. And it's always possible to get a regular burger on a white bun with lettuce and tomato. But then there are the shakes: s'mores, caramel pretzel, apple pancakes and bacon, Nutella crunch. Some are spiked. This arrangement is actually too ridiculously wonderful to exist, but there you go. Show up, eat beautiful things. Die happy."I think everything in life is art. what you do. how you dress. the way you love someone, and how you talk. your smile and your personality. what you believe in, and all your dreams. the way you drink your tea. how you decorate your home. or party. your grocery list. the food you make. how your writing looks. and the way you feel. life is art." --h.b. carter
<review# 448,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/27/2013,2/11/2014,93,75,,5,4>A tiny place in Dormont with big flavors.  If you're looking for affordable and tasty Thai food, stop by Thai Spoon.  Mmm tofu pad Thai... I was excited when I saw this restaurant open up in my neighborhood.  Now I'm sad that I'm so far away... UGH Thai Spoon why couldn't you move with me!?!  The flavor, the HEAT - yes they ask from 1-10 how hot would you like it... To which I reply 8.  BYOB with a small corkage fee is always a plus.  I wouldn't recommend visiting with a large group, since the restaurant can't hold a lot of people.  If you're looking for a nice dinner for 2-4, this is a great stop.  Now I'm hungry...
<review# 449,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/8/2014,11/27/2014,75,494,,3,2>This place is really good.  It is basic, New York style pizza done well.The Pizza:- The crust is fairly thin, flexible but not floppy, with some crispy bits on the ring.- Sauce is straight-up tomato, good, and not overly sweet.- Cheese appears to be low-fat, low-moisture, which I like (not so greasy).- Toppings sit on top of the basic cheese, but if you get it by the slice, they will sprinkle a bit more grated cheese on top of your topping, too, to kind of bind it all together.The Setting:- It's very basic, a few tables.- Seat yourself, order from the counter.- There is no soda fountain and no ice (weird).  Pick up a can or bottle from the big cooler, and they do have a wide selection of drinks.The Service:- Friendly and quick.- They do carry-out.- I have not used their delivery service.Overall, this is a great, New York style pizza.  Don't expect an amazing dine-in experience, but for a basic pizza stop, it's very good.
<review# 450,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/16/2014,11/26/2014,180,48,2,6,8>This restaurant is great! They serve fresh warm (and free!) chips and salsa once you sit down. Service is prompt! There were other staff members bringing us our drinks, food, and chip refills like thirty seconds after we asked for more. The menu has pretty much everything you need from a mexican restaurant. I give this place 4 stars because I don't think the quality of the restaurant is stellar. But it's great if you want to get away from the Americanized Mad-Mex-esque places. Last night we had a chicken burrito, chicken fajita, and a beef soft taco. There was some confusion on the single beef taco and they had to fix it twice, but were super kind and patient for my picky cousin! I tipped a little extra for their effort, it was greatly appreciated. The fajitas were straight forward, the chicken pieces were smaller, but overall they were good. The refried beans and rice were actually really delicious as well! The staff graciously brought us extra sour cream and cheese when we asked and didn't charge us extra. Don't miss out on the margaritas!!
<review# 451,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/3/2014,11/21/2014,56,67,2,4,4>Thai Gourmet gets better with every visit. The restaurant has several amazing items on its menu that you won't find at other Thai restaurants.On my last visit, I ordered mo palo, sweet and savory braised pork short ribs, and nam prik, rice noodles served with fresh lettuce and carrots with a thick curry.The mo palo dish reminds me of Hawaiian shoyu chicken. The sauce is brothy, probably made from a mixture of soy sauce, sugar and other herbs. It is served with cooked egg (ramen style) and is delightful over rice! This was one of the best dishes I have had here at Thai Gourmet.The nam prik was also delicious. You get 4 neatly arranged rice noodles twisted into balls. The noodles are really well complimented by the fresh vegetables and curry with which it was served. This was a great dish!Explore Thai Gourmet's menu and don't be afraid to try new items. You won't be disappointed!
<review# 452,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/3/2014,11/20/2014,133,552,1,8,6>This review is ONLY for the food and NOT for the service.The food is absolutely delicious. My friends have been talking about coming here and I finally got reservations for my husband's birthday. We started with the salumi and beets, beets, beets & beets, it's a perfect starter with some cocktails or a pinot noir. The 8 of us were able to share this nicely with bits of duck, beef, pork, pate... so many things on the plate. Then I went onto the duck confit. The flavor and tenderness of the meat on the duck was AWESOME and so good, however, it was a little too salty for me. It paired nicely with the golden raisins and grains on the plate.The food runner was great about explaining all the parts and flavors in the dishes.The only upsetting part was our waitress. She didn't seem to be in the mood to help us or serve us. It was a late seating, so there weren't that many tables she had to overlook. We were done with our appetizers and hadn't ordered our meals and she was nowhere to be found. I kept flagging down other waiters to order second drinks. This part was extremely frustrating, PLUS the music was really loud to yell across the restaurant to grab someone's attention. I also left my card to pay for the meal with the hostess as it was a big party. When we finally got her attention again for the check, she brought it without the card. I had to remind her about that. It's not exactly a cheap restaurant and I had expected the service to be a little better than that.
<review# 453,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/3/2014,11/19/2014,65,125,3,7,6>Maybe it was the fact that I was vulnerable, with a cold and skipping the Pitt game.Maybe it was because Dive had the Pitt game on when no one else did.Maybe it was the company, stellar as usual.Maybe it was the beautiful bar and great atmosphere.Maybe it was the Veggie Burrito that fed me for two days and the sweet potato tots with cinnamon butter that left me weak in the knees.Maybe it was the friendly wait staff that never let my creamy cup of delicious coffee hit the bottom.Maybe it was the pages of menu items each more delectable than the last.Or maybe it was everything at Dive. I can't WAIT to go back and try every damn thing on that super-robust menu.  Get thee to Dive, now!
<review# 454,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/25/2014,11/18/2014,540,698,6,8,6>I'm just a big old kid; you really can't take me anywhere, especially to a place where I get to play with things.  Watch out little child, I will push you out of the way to have my turn at that hands on exhibit.This time was so much more fun than all other times I attended due to the fact that it was my niece's first time here.  Seeing this place through the eyes of a child's first encounter is so much better than your own set of eyes.  It was so hard to tell her no when we were near exhibits that you are not allowed to touch since everything here is so hands on.  She just couldn't help herself, nor could I.We saw everything there was to offer.  Toured the submarine, walked our way through all the floors, did some exercise at the sports part and just plain enjoyed ourselves to the max.On our way out, we stopped at the gift shop and browsed.  But that was not the last thing we did.  We smashed our pennies before we exited and then had the rest of the day to do what we wanted.**Things to note here, it is pay parking that is on top of your admission (so take fewer cars if you are going in groups).  During football/baseball games and other events, the center closes early to allow parking for said events (you are asked to leave a hour before the events begin).  Kids 2 and under are FREE!
<review# 455,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/13/2014,11/17/2014,74,344,3,4,5>Wanted to purchase a bike most exclusively for the many bike trails PA has to offer with my ultimate goal being to ride from Boston, PA to Washington D.C. via the rail trail.Mark was my salesperson and he took time with me and made me feel as though I was the only customer in the store.  I explained my lack of expertise with bikes -- to be honest, I grew up with a single speed so shifting gears has never been my specialty.  To my delight, he was able to fit me to a bike that would meet my needs AND was not overly pricey.  He also didn't try to oversell me on a more expensive bike nor did he try to sell me all kinds of accessories.  I test drove the bike around the parking lot and came home with my new bike.I've had it about a month now and am very pleased with it.  I've put more miles on it than I thought I would have by now.  I simply love our rail trails!
<review# 456,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/30/2014,11/16/2014,22,121,4,4,5>Yummy! We come here every so often and have never been disappointed. We always get fantastic service and the food is delightful. Stopped today as the hubby was in the mood for pasta. We started with the pepperoni rolls which we had never tried before, wow! You get two huge rolls which me and the hubby split. They are chalked full of melted, cheesy goodness and pepperoni. The dough is salty, coupled with the terrific marinara sauce they give you to dip your roll in, delicious as the marinara is on the sweeter side. A good mix of salty and sweet. I chose pizza, a gourmet which was the spinach and feta pizza. As usual, tasty! The hubby got the penne pasta in the pesto cream sauce which was on the menu as Alfredo based. The waitress noted there was a parmesan cheese added to the sauce however they could nix it if the hubby did not want it in his sauce as the sauces are made to order and sure enough his sauce did not include an ounce of cheese. He was a happy camper as he is not a fan of cheese. We got yummy bread to start as well. What a delightful, local place! If you are in the area and looking for pasta and/or pizza stop here. You won't regret it!
<review# 457,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/12/2014,11/15/2014,55,38,2,5,6>If I'm going to a gay bar in Pittsburgh, this one's probably it. I like it because in my opinion, It's the nicest of all the gay bars here; it's elegant looking, and always clean. There's always a variety of people of all genders, orientations, ages, and "tribes" if you will, and the bartenders (all of them are good, but Brett is my fav!) aren't rude like a lot of other gay bars. It's got three separate bars on different levels. They just completed renovations on, and opened the patio, which is great. There's an outdoor heating lamp for when it gets cold. A lot of people don't realize, but 58 is also a full restaurant with waiter service. Sometimes it takes them a while to get to you if it's busy, but this is probably the only one of it's kind in this city. The food is a step above typical greasy bar food, and they always have interesting specials that usually run for a week or so. Their specialty drinks are always great, and Thursday's are $3 Long Islands night; Yes, I will be late to work tomorrow.
<review# 458,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/22/2014,11/14/2014,7,29,4,4,4>Some people follow their fav hairstylist to a new salon, we followed our fav bartender to her new bar... and we're glad we did.  This place has been around since before I started driving so that's gotta be like 30 years or so but walking in, you wouldn't know it.  It's a smoking bar but is SUPER clean, the air was clear and we couldn't smell any smoke.  My wife smokes so don't think I'm bashing smokers. The décor was perfect for a neighborhood bar- not too many gaudy signs like Jacks or blinding neon in every corner. There were comfortable bar stools with backs around the bar and plenty of tables for larger parties.  The only negative was the men's room- small and in need of an update but it was very clean.  My wife said the ladies room was very clean also.    There wasn't anything going on at 8pm last night when we got there but I think either a Dj or karaoke was setting up in the back.  We had a pitcher of beer and a couple shots.  We'll definitely be back.
<review# 459,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/25/2011,12/11/2011,106,194,,5,3>Strolling around Pittsburgh for my first time every and this was the place I arrived at (thanks for the recommendation fellow Yelpers).The service was very friendly and attentive.  The manager/owner was also extra nice.The fried mozzarella with balsamic vinegar was an interesting touch I had never seen before. The balsamic added a little more fun and flavor to what's normally a pretty standard dish.The gnocchi with prosciutto and white wine sauce was very delicious, but a little heavy for me.  The bread served before the appetizers was bland and uninteresting.  The olive oil had some peppers and spices in it that I didn't care for.The atmosphere was very intimate and charming with dark lighting and small eating areas.  The paper table settings were kinda neat; they weren't too casual.
<review# 460,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/28/2011,12/9/2011,161,195,,5,2>I ordered abut 500 mini cupcakes for my wedding without doing a tasting at all!  I actually had never even had any cupcakes at Vanilla Pastry Studio.  I simply went off of yelp reviews, and their interesting unique flavors.  I was not disappointed, and neither were my guests!  The service at Vanilla Pastry is wonderful.  They were quite helpful over the phone, and understood that I didn't have time to come in for a tasting.  Everything was package perfectly, and you could taste that it had been baked that day.  Everyone at the wedding reception was raving over them.  Since then I have stopped by their shop multiple times to treat myself occasionally.  Their cupcakes are unbelievably moist, seriously... I have no idea how they do it!  I recently went to another wedding where they had done a cupcake tower, again they did a stellar job.  If just want a treat, or a large order this is definitely the place to go.  I just wish they had multiple locations, like dozen.  I would definitely pick this place over dozen any day.    My wedding order was:1. Mango-Passionfruit2. Vanilla - Dulce de Leche3. Chocolate - Raspberry4. Vanilla Chocolate5. Vanilla - VanillaThey allowed me to pick theme colors for the balls on top too.  It matched perfectly!
<review# 461,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/20/2011,12/8/2011,15,127,,4,2>It's not really super-convenient for me to go to the strip unless I have a plan and a few things I want.  Coming from Shadyside means I need to get in my car and drive, and I don't really like parking in the strip, and then it's always super-crowded on the weekends, etc. etc. etc.But for a chorizo burrito from that taco stand? I would travel to the ends of the earth for one of those! Reyna Foods is one of those places that makes me really wish that Pittsburgh would have a street food revolution.  Every popular part of town should have food carts.  They're quick, convenient, and delicious.  Reyna is hopefully a trend setter, and definitely a hard act to follow.  The folks who run it are always smiling, and are pretty dedicated to making sure you get your food exactly the way you wanted it.  I personally like my burrito "con todo," except for sour cream.  The hot sauce they put on it? Fantastic.  A burrito from this place is a solid, high-density mass of stomach-filling bliss.Another upshot is it's not like any other burrito you're going to get in town.  It's a great combo of fresh and rich flavors.  There are only two complaints I have, and there's only one REAL complaint I have.  The real complaint is that the line sometimes gets really long, and it takes a while to get served.  The fake complaint is that it weirds me out a little that they toss the burrito in the microwave for a bit at the end (seems like a Sheetz move to me,) but it really don't affect the quality of the food, so who cares?As for the store itself? I don't really have enough experience with it to say much.  But try the taco cart ASAP!
<review# 462,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/11/2011,12/7/2011,70,148,,6,3>I've stopped in Mostly Mod quite a few times since I first walked in and fell in love with the pair of couches I got. Bernie and Drew, the owners, remember us by name and what styles we're interested in, and details about our house to recommend pieces that they have to suit our space. They're usually well-versed on the history of each item - not only it's production, but usually all the way through its life. Yes, the store is still small enough to go over in a few glances, but I swear if I had a bigger home to put it in, I'd leave with something every time.After months of looking for a kitchen table we liked(And every time we walked in, they would say 'Hey we have a table you might want to take a look at') we finally found love at first sight at Mostly Mod once again - and the large glass-top table, 4 chairs, and delivery came to $250.Bernie and Drew have a pretty extensive list of regulars it seems, so the good pieces sell quickly. As they dropped it off, they let us know that the day after we purchased the table, someone else had tried to buy it. The story was the same with our couches, after they were delivered someone had come in the store looking for them specifically.We stop in a few times a month to chat and see if anything catches our eye. If you're looking for something specific, ask - they might have something you'd like not being displayed.
<review# 463,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/5/2011,12/5/2011,102,199,2,5,2>I've taken out-of-towners on this tour twice recently and went once on a school field trip forever ago (yep, our school thought it was a good idea to take a bunch of local city kids on one of these...it wasn't).Get a reservation.  Show up early if you want to be able to get a window seat.Be prepared to quack and to be called out if you don't quack.  I always thought it was super dorky when these guys passed me downtown, but it's less so when you're doing the quacking.Don't be afraid to volunteer when they ask who wants to drive the boat.  I sent my nearly-thirty-year-old friend up to drive, and it looked like she had more fun than the seven-year-old who went before her.I'm docking a star because as a native, I didn't learn anything on the tour.  The information was pretty general--in fact, for 90% of the tour, I pointed out something to my friend, then the driver said the same thing, then I added more information.  But I have been told I'm like a walking Google Maps for Pittsburgh, so maybe I should look into a second career with Just Ducky...Final note:  Take a trip up to Duquesne Incline while you're at Station Square to see the city from Mt. Washington.  Only $3.25 (exact fare only) to see one of the "The 10 Most Beautiful Places in America" (usaweekend.com).
<review# 464,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/21/2011,12/4/2011,48,221,,4,1>My new year's resolution is to explore Lawrenceville more.  I feel it's a less pretentious version of Shadyside (don't get me wrong, I live in Shadyside.  I love Shadyside.  I would defend Shadyside til the end.  But sometimes it's nice to be able to dress down a little.)   Anywho - a friend who lives in Lawrenceville suggested this place for a going-away little dinner for me, her and our friend that was going away.  Apparently it's mexican/spanish fused with asian...and while that sounds weird, it totally works!  We got the guacamole appetizer.  The guacamole was deconstructed, as in, the avocado puree was topped with a little spoonful each of cilantro, red onion, cheese, and Serrano chilies.  Interesting.  Fun.  I like it.  They gave us plantain chips (I dunno what fascinates me about plantains, but I like to get them every time I can) to dip, and it was delish.We got peking duck quesadillas.  I'm skeptical about quesadillas.  I've never been a huge fan but these were AMAZING.  Something about the Gouda cheese and the duck and whatever other magic things they put in that tortilla made it my favorite dish of all.We got beef tongue tacos, I think, simply because 2 of us never had beef tongue before.  The meat was tender, and made a perfect taco.  You wouldn't even guess it was tongue meat!  And of course, we got some sushi.  Our 3rd friend happened to be a bit preggers and was staying away from raw fish, so we got California rolls and eel/ avocado. The California rolls were pretty standard, but the eel and avocado were especially good.  I know I haven't gotten around the sushi scene much, so take this with a grain of salt, but the best sushi I have had ever (Umi and Kiku are still on my to-do list).   While we were not there during happy hour, the chalkboard boasted of half price tapas from 5-7, as well as half off cocktails and half off drafts.  I will definitely be hitting that up.
<review# 465,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/10/2011,12/3/2011,46,70,1,4,3>My boyfriend and I had a lovely night here on our 3 yr anniversary. We had reservations, but showed up earlier, and they had no problem seating us. We sat on the patio and it was a wonderful atmosphere! The lighting, fountains and spanish music really set the mood. I love that their bread basket was served with hummus, every restaurant should do that! They had a great wine list and we settled on a Spanish bottle. Worth it to get the bottle instead of paying by the glass. The tapas we got were the smoked salmon and asparagus, the salmon tartar and the mushroom bruschetta. They were all really yummy, but the mushroom bruschetta was my favorite! Marinated-to-perfection portobellos oozing over toasted bread. So delicious. The salmon dishes also were very good. You will definitely fill up on bread here, so watch out! I was so full... My boyfriend also ordered the fried calamari (I don't like calamari) but it came out as a huge portion in a basket, which was odd since everything else was smaller portions and presented delicately. He said it wasn't very good...The waiter was helpful and I would definitely come back!!
<review# 466,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/14/2011,12/2/2011,393,254,,7,2>I took a walk a few weeks ago down Liberty Avenue and I saw the coming soon sign for Go Pretzel. Immediately after reading this I became antsy. I love a soft Pretzel. I kept imaging what kind they would have. I wondered would they have dipping sauces? How would this be set up? I took a walk today and discovered that my nightly prayers would be granted and it was finally open! There was a line, however, it seemed to move rather quickly. I feel as if I may only been in there for 2 minutes total. I really feel like I didn't get to absorb the actual atmosphere because I was too concerned with what I'd be eating and it's accompanying sauce that I'd be dipping said Pretzel in. The Pretzel selection from plain sight seemed rather small. It's kind of set up essentially like a normal pretzel place you'd find in the mall. The pretzels are laid out, you point and then eat. Here is a listing of their pretzels: Original Toasted Almond Cinnamon Sugar Pepperoni & Cheese Jalapeno & Cheese Pretzel Dog From the card they provided me they have daily specials which are located on their Facebook page which I'll be checking out shortly. Dipping sauces include: Dijon mustard, cheddar cheese, sweet glaze, dutch chocolate, Nutella and Sweet and hot mustard I was so torn about what to eat so of course I ordered two things. I got a Pretzel dog and then for "dessert" I ordered the toasted almond with the Nutella dipping sauce. The Nutella was kind of think as usual so they provided me with a baby spoon to dip which was quite helpful. I'm hoping the specials on the Facebook page are worthwhile. Maybe a discount for buying a dipping sauce because I did not see anything listed on their wall. Also I thought it was odd that there wasn't anything to drink. I think they'd benefit from at least selling bottles of soda and water. This is definitely a place I plan on frequenting. I loved my Pretzel and I loved my sauce. In general I love it!
<review# 467,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/13/2011,12/1/2011,95,142,,5,3>Piper's Pub is definitely underrated. Not by Yelpers, you guys got it going on; but by the general public. While people are waiting an hour for a table across the street at Fat Head's, Pipers is busy, but there are plenty of tables available. Maybe it's the modest storefront that makes it easy to walk by, but that would be a bad choice!This was my second trip to Piper's and being in the mood for a good burger, my husband said he had heard they had some of the best burgers in the City here. It was difficult passing up the Scotch Eggs and the Guinness Stew, but I stayed strong and went for the burger. It came made to order - smothered in Irish cheddar cheese, caramelized onions, pickles, and BBQ sauce. YUM! I could barely get my mouth around it! The meat was very fresh and so juicy I had juice and BBQ sauce running down my hands. It definitely crushed my burger craving.One of South Side's best kept secrets.
<review# 468,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/7/2011,11/30/2011,28,62,3,6,1>If you happen to find yourself in Millvale you will also find yourself surrounded with more bars than you know what to do with. While the population isn't quite outnumbered by bar stools, it's surprisingly high.Here's why I think that you should pick Sidelines as your go-to Shaler Township bar:- The beer list is extensive and reasonably priced. The specials can't be beat, like $1.50 pints of Yuengling on Saturdays.- The friendly bartender (yes THE, we believe he may be there the majority of time) introduces himself as Seabass. Seabass is the man. However, please do not ask Seabass or any of his coworkers for a cocktail more unusual than a typical "and" drink (jack and coke) or "woo girl" drink (long island iced tea). This isn't a "proper cocktail" crowd.- The bar food is actually pretty good. The fries are delicious and $3 for a basket. We've seen their good-looking deep-fried deserts too, but we can't vouch for them. If you don't like fried food... well, I think I saw something that sounded like a salad on the menu.- Unlike most divey sports bars I've been to, the women's room was surprisingly not at all scary or particularly gross. Winner!Sidelines is really a small community sports bar, and that may or may not help its case. This is where I take my friends, not to impress them, but to share comically large mugs of good beer with them for shockingly cheap... and a few baskets of fried bar food.
<review# 469,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/14/2012,5/26/2012,147,143,1,5,2>Tamari is sooooooooooooooo good!  Great atmosphere.  An incredibly inventive crossover japanese tapas fusion menu.  Everything is expertly prepared, beautifully presented, fresh, and robustly flavored.  There are other good asian restaurants in Pittsburgh, but none with such creative and unique offerings.  The hardest part is narrowing down the menu, go with friends so you can try a taste of everything!It's no surprise that this cornucopia of delights does not come cheap, but this is a great place for special occasions!  My sister in law lives in the lower east side of Manhattan so my folks took her and her boyfriend here when they came to visit to prove that the burgh had class too!  They were deeply impressed and now, shortly after the meal, they are talking about getting a house in Pittsburgh.  Coincidence?  I think not!
<review# 470,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/11/2011,5/24/2012,4,33,,6,5>Ate at Notion recently as part of a group of six. Other reviewers have given a blow-by-blow of the food (e.g., the tasting menu) so I won't do the same. This is one of the best dining experiences I have had this year. At the risk of sounding pretentious, I've enjoyed accumulating a fair number of Michelin stars this year at various fine-dining restaurants around the world. Notion really is up there with some of the great restaurants in terms of the food. It is inventive, interesting, technical (in a good way), and thoughtful. I also appreciate the chef's talent in balancing inventive "molecular gastronomy"-esque preparations (e.g., boeuf en sous vide, an array of foams and gels) and making sure dishes taste great and are satisfying.A few of us paired wines, and all were nicely picked by the sommelier. He was also a nice guy and was happy to explain the wines, chat a bit, and offer tips for finding the wines in PA with their draconian liquor sales restrictions. Two of us also had cocktails to kick off the dinner and they were great.Service was above average but a bit hit and miss at times. It may have been the size of our group and our penchant for conversation that threw the servers off their script. We did have to ask a couple of times "what's this" to get the full dish descriptions. But that wasn't a big deal. Everyone was friendly. What I hope we don't see is too high a degree of formality creep in over time, because relaxed (but still attentive) service works well at this restaurant.All in all Notion is great. Despite the drive out to Oakmont I'm sure my wife and I will go frequently because it is just that good.
<review# 471,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/15/2012,5/23/2012,45,257,,5,3>Okay, Kevin Sousa, maybe we can be friends.  After my disappointing trip to Station Street Hot Dogs I wasn't sure how I would feel about your other ventures.  But I am happy to report that not only did I enjoy Union Pig & Chicken, I've already recommended it to others.I should admit that I've debated between 3 and 4 stars.  I landed on 4 stars because I had an overall enjoyable dining experience.  However I do need to say that the extra star is mostly for me because had I not read reviews and planned ahead, I probably would not have liked it as much.  Thanks to mixed reviews of fellow Yelpers, I knew to go with friends so we could order multiple items off the a la carte menu and share.  I knew that going closer to 9pm on a weekday would mean we probably wouldn't have to wait.  I knew that the cornbread might be a gamble (and that the cornbread and rolls were an extra charge).  I knew that we would be spending at least $25 a person.  I knew that it would likely be loud.  I knew that the picnic style seating could lead to social interaction with our dining neighbors.  And knowing all of these things, I went in prepared but with an open mind.I arrived with two other friends and we were seated immediately (though the place was still crowded).  We all ordered the sweet tea which was okay - I personally thought it could have been a tad sweeter.  Between the three of us, we ordered the half fried chicken, half barbecue chicken and pork shoulder off the meat menu.  We ordered the greens, cole slaw and mac n cheese off the sides menu.  Two of us also opted to add a roll for $1.  My only real complained was the extra charge for rolls/cornbread.  The rolls are nothing special, just your typical brown and serve rolls.  I probably wouldn't bother ordering them again.  No one in my party ordered the cornbread but the couple next to us did.  I asked the gentleman how his cornbread was and he knew right away I was asking because I had read the previous Yelp reviews.  He said it tasted like maybe it had been under the warmer too long but he would not hesitate to order it again.  His female companion had ordered the brisket and the portion seemed generous to me, even though other reviewers complained about only getting a couple pieces.  On the other side of us was another couple finishing their meal as we sat down.  It looked like they had both ordered the barbecue chicken and it did look a bit pink in the middle but I wasn't sure if it was because of the way the chicken was prepared (smoked) or if it was undercooked.  One of my friends seemed pretty sure it was because the chicken was undercooked and thought she heard them complain to their waitress.  I had read this same complaint in other reviews as well, so I was worried that our chicken would be the same.  Instead, we had nothing but scrumptious food served to us on metal trays.  The fried chicken seemed to be our favorite (I devoured the fried chicken leg before my friends were even served their food) but even the barbecue chicken was delicious and well cooked.  The pork shoulder was very tender and didn't really need any sauce.  The mac n cheese was very creamy with a nice crust on top.  The vinegar cole slaw was also delicious and a good compliment to the rest of our selections.  The greens were good, but could have used a bit more meat.  (I think there was some pork in there.)  We walked out paying $25 a person including tip.  Service was good; my glass was never empty and we had minimal wait time for our food.  I regret not trying the baked beans, but I'll save that for next time.  Yes, I will definitely return once I can organize another group of friends to join me for a late weekday dinner.  Side note: bathrooms are unmarked but very clean.  Wash your hands before you leave.I'm sad to have read that others did not have as enjoyable an experience at Union Pig & Chicken as I did.  To those I say thank you for taking one for the team.  Because of your negative experiences I learned how to make the most of mine.  Going in with certain expectations definitely enhanced my dining enjoyment.  I just hope that at some point one of my reviews will return the favor.
<review# 472,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/30/2012,5/22/2012,101,324,3,6,3>I felt like a big man in a small coat ;-) Okay - this place is small but perfect for my buddy and I on a Saturday Afternoon.   I have always wanted to check this place out and this seemed like the perfect time.We sat down and I ordered some of their high-end shots of whiskey.    The first one was called Yam... something (okay - I was having a good day and all I remember was that there were a lot of syllables) and it was very good.    I met the owner named "Shipwreck" and tried their topshelf whiskey.   It was very good - a hint of smoke but still very good.   I believe that was fate because I knew if I kept drinking those - I would be shipwrecked!The burger was very good.   I told the gents cooking my food (they saw me taking a picture) that I was a Yelper.  This helped because my buddy Brett - wrote a review and was there prior to me getting there had a different experience.Overall - I would recommend for beers / whiskey and a burger.   I will be back :-)Food - Great!   I enjoyed by burger and fries.Service - Awesome - our server even tried to get my buddy a candle for his burger - that would have been funnyPrice - I can't really tell - I ordered some high end shots which skewed my bill.  I think the burgers were about $10...
<review# 473,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/7/2011,5/21/2012,31,40,4,5,3>I'm having an affair. A pizza affair. I have forsaken my darling Adrian's for Angelo's... And it's all because of a white pizza. Okay, for realz now: Angelo's white pizza is ridiculously delicious. It comes with tomatoes. I added pepperoni, 'cause I was feeling kinda wild. When the pizza arrived and I opened the lid, I had to gasp. The cheese! Ohh, the glorious cheese!There were regal mountains of ricotta... Majestic valleys of melted mozzarella... Fragrant Italian herbs infiltrated my nostrils... Why am I using the word "nostrils" in a restaurant review? Gross. Anyway, it took all my willpower not to have a pizza eating contest with myself right then and there. You just have to try this pizza. The crust, the tomato, and the pepperoni are all awesome, too, but trust me -- if you like cheese (and who doesn't), you'll love this.On top of that, their fries are fresh and served in lah-arge portions, and their steak, cheese, and mushroom sandwich is phenomenal. I get it sans the tomato and lettuce -- but keep the onions and mayo. The bread is all nice and toasty, and I swear there's some secret ingredient in there that is a magical a flavor booster, 'cause it's just SO delish!
<review# 474,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/24/2011,5/20/2012,43,94,,4,1>I'm thankful that my co-workers introduced me to Chicken Latino on a recent lunch outing. I have been craving the rotisserie chicken and the bright green chile sauce in the squeeze bottle it comes with ever since my first visit. I've been back a few times since then and it's been perfect every single time.The chicken is so delicious - perfectly seasoned and perfectly cooked. I easily took out the quarter chicken with rice and beans and plantains on the side. The green chile sauce is perfect on everything. That sauce is just as delicious as the chicken and it's a balanced tasty-hot counterpoint to the entree.On a Sunday lunch after church with my family, we did the whole chicken, rice and beans and fried plantains. A great meal at a great price ($20 altogether).This place is great for kids, the service is very friendly and attentive, prices are great and the food is delicious. What's not to love about this place?
<review# 475,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/28/2012,5/19/2012,11,49,2,2,2>Verde.  What a cool word.  To me, Its screams fresh, vibrance, joy, happiness, fresh peppers and more.  I drive by this place almost every day so when some friends got a group together to celebrate a birthday i jumped at the chance to join them.Since altering my diet to vegan i haven't been out to many restaurants due to mixed experiences, but verde caters to the veggie friendly people so i didnt have any reservations about going.So, to the food.  Everything we all had was good.  The chips and salsa they bring out were tasty.  The salsa was very mild but nice.  It had a smooth flavor and I picked up a lot of garlic in it.  I love garlic, so healthy.  mmm.  Next time I will surely try the other salsas, i felt like a salsa with a kick would have been perfect, but alas i didn't order it this time.I ordered a couple sides.  black beans, guacamole, and the elotes (which after it arrived i realized i couldn't eat so i gave it away)  I have to say, eating a meal of side items wasn't all bad, but i was a bit envious of all the fantastic looking entrees being brought out to people.  everything looked and smelled great.  Everyone approved.  And pretty much everyone but the marathon runners left with extras.  This place has good portions - as with most in this city.Now the restaurant itself.  Its clear the build out of the place was on a budget.  but they played with it as much as they could.  I really liked bringing some art into the space - the murals were complimentary to the space.  the location of the bathroom door was actually directly in front of me the entire meal.  Every time i saw someone walk in and out, which led to some awkward meetings of the eyes.  but that aside it wasn't that bad.  The ceiling treatment with the slanted panels was interesting.  overall they did a decent job with the place but I'm critical because I'm in the design/building industry.  i constantly found myself looking around and checking things out.  The bar was pretty cool.  was fun to see people climbing up a ladder to get to the top shelf tequilas.The service was bad ass.  I really want to go back and check out how it is for dinner out with only a person or two with me.  Ten people in our group slowed us down a lot, but the service was great.  Took all of our drink orders without writing anything.  I was really impressed.  All the server staff look like restaurant people.  most are tatted up and hip.  Beyond appearances it was nice to see the servers knew about the plethora of tequilas and could recommend selections to novices.So in the end we all had a great time.  The reason i give it four stars is because like a fool i only ordered a couple side items to eat.  Go entree and I'm sure you wont be disappointed.Also, thanks for bringing some west coast flare in the kitchen to city where people are happy to eat bar food 7 days a week.  blech.Keep it up Verde, I'll be back.
<review# 476,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/25/2012,5/18/2012,181,458,3,7,2>This place is so freaking good I can't even get into it. I wish I could get in here more often but I just might go broke. Had some excellent cocktails, I figured hey I don't drink wild drinks that often so I asked the bartender to make me something with bourbon. Whatever he made me was incredible, I think he told me it was called pushing up daisies or something along those lines. Once we were seated, definitely need reservations here, which we had. We had some risotto as an appetizer. This actually should have been my main course. It was perfectly cooked and so creamy owww! Then next was a steak and rib entree, which I ordered medium-rare, once again on point and so delicious. The special lady ordered the pot pie, And I have to admit it was the best pot pie I have ever had and to top it off it was so large I ended up eating for another 2 days afterwords. The only thing that was sort of stupid was that I got charged $0.75 for a to go jar for my desert? What gives ?! I just spent over $100 not including tip and your going to pull a  maneuver like that. I mean what's $0.75 on top of my $40 bar tab and $75 dinner bill. It's just the point of it all. I still love this place anyway. The people and service are great and the food kicks butt too!
<review# 477,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/4/2012,5/17/2012,18,98,1,2,1>BRGR is a great place to get drinks and comfort food with friends. The clientele and bartenders are friendly and chatty. If you want to watch a game, there are about 8 HDTV's all tuned to one of two sports channels. The burgers come in all shapes and sizes (beef, lamb, salmon, tuna, etc.) and the cocktails are very inventive (Miller Lite + Rhuby + Bitters = Genius!). The beer list is very respectable. My only gripe is with the milkshakes.  They are some serious sugary whisky-crack, and I'm just into whisky.The downstairs has a leather-bound chair/couch and sports bar vibe that is kind of fun if you are having a night out with the peeps and want to eat some place that is not going to destroy your wallet (expect to spend ~$30 bucks per person). Most of the people who would watch a football game here are a little more on the yuppie than yinzer side, but hopefully that scene will improve. At present, it's less hipster than Kelly's but there is none of the MD-brofest that is endemic to Shadyside. The upstairs patio is nice in the summertime, but has stellar views of the now defunct Borders, AAA, and CVS East Liberty (i.e., its virtue is that you are eating outside). It is  EASY to meet up with people here after eating at Spoon. You can literally walk from one restaurant to the other, and the cocktails are arguably more creative on the cheaper side.  On a final note, if you are stuck at Bakery Square due to your or someone else's poor planning and are not a teenage girl enthralled with the shabby-chic overpriced yardsale that is Anthropologie, it is probably the best place to spend a little downtime in the neighborhood.
<review# 478,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/5/2012,5/16/2012,28,193,4,4,2>Excuses isn't the type of place you go to for great food, great drinks, or to show off that new glitter dress you bought for your night at Diesel. It's the little dive bar you simply go to for a good time!Aside from the average food, and smokiness (yes, smoking is permitted), I've never had a bad experience at Excuses. There's often a live band playing, a Pens game on the TV, or some awesomely bad karaoke going down. If you stop in between those "events", a solid draft selection and friendly staff will still be there waiting for you.Now, if I was rating Excuses for it's food alone, it would get three stars. It's average grub, but it's so affordable that if you're expecting something better, your greedy ass deserves to be lathered in hot sauce and licked clean by the dude that runs karaoke...after he works up an appetite from singing his latest Guns N' Roses tune.Go for the fun times and positive vibe, and when you wake up the next morning smelling like you've been smoking for 25 years, you can reminisce about whatever nonsense you got into the night before at Excuses. Enjoy!
<review# 479,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/20/2012,10/31/2012,61,73,1,9,4>My experience here was a mixed bag.   We went in around 7:45 on a Friday evening without a reservation and were able to get seated before the bartender even had a chance to finish making my white grapefruit martini which was very refreshing.For dinner, I opted to start with the spring salad minus the pig ear bacon.   This was FABULOUS!!!  I would have ordered a second one if it wasn't $10.  I followed this up with the Tagliatelle Pasta (tomatoes, garlic and squash, oh my) which could have been amazing but was only so-so because I was served the most undercooked pasta ever.   The flavors in the dish were awesome.  I wanted to lick the plate but it was hard to get past the chewy pappardelle noodles (not tagliatelle) which were 2 minutes short of al dente.   I did mention this to the waiter who passed along the info to the chef which I appreciated (witnessed it since the kitchen is so open).We passed on a dessert which is a rarity because they just didn't have many options and the ones they did weren't up our alley.   I was craving cheesecake or some kind of fall dessert (maybe an apple turnover).Now here's the weird part.  When the bill came, there were only three items on the menu (my dinner wasn't listed).  I thought my pasta had been comped because it was so undercooked but then I realized the items in the bill totaled $16 less than the total bill  (ie something was in the total that wasn't in the itemized listing).  It just so happened to be my pasta.  When I pointed it out the waiter, he just said it was an error in the system.  Perhaps I'm reading into it, but I just thought it was shady that I was paying for it but it wasn't appearing on the bill.   I don't know; must be the accountant in me.The inside of the restaurant is pleasant and the service was so-so.  The waiter was a little inattentive given how few tables were filled.   Overall though, I was pretty pleased.   I really loved their use of flavors so I was more than willing to pay the higher-end prices but I was disappointed in my undercooked pasta.
<review# 480,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/24/2012,10/30/2012,290,116,4,7,5>Thank you Pittsburgh Popcorn Company! You made my day!  I am having my baby shower this weekend and the party favors are going to be fantastic! That's right I am 7 months pregnant! I was doing a ton of research trying to find something perfect to give my guests. I am not a junk person and most shower favors are just that. Plastic baby this or that, tiny soaps in pink carriages blah!! So I started looking at the Pittsburgh Popcorn Company website. I wanted to do something Pittsburgh since I love what my city has to offer and my guests are mostly from the Erie area. They offer so many amazing flavors, large tins, sample bags, even bulk for weddings or larger events. I wanted to keep it less expensive so I formulated my own favor bags. I am organizing three types of popcorn to sample for my friends to take home, chocolate peanut butter, cinnamon toast/cheddar mix, and spicy chipotle. I love that they post their flavor menu for the month so you can go in and try all the inventive flavors they come up with. I went down to the strip twice before I purchased to ask questions, and taste what I wanted. Sometimes you go in and they are slammed so you want to go on a weekday afternoon if you want to linger about. Even on the busy days I was there the staff was friendly and informative. I asked how long the popcorn lasted because obviously you want to have the freshest and if sealed should last about a month. I ended up waiting until closer to the shower date to make my favors but I am very OCD and wanted it to be perfect! Since I am doing a smaller sampler I ended up purchasing the small bags with the logo then printed my own Thank you logo for the brown vintage looking bags. I couldn't be happier! They look so cute and they go with the theme of my shower. I'm sure my guests will be licking their lips and truly enjoying the favors!!
<review# 481,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/3/2012,10/29/2012,48,120,4,4,4>I love the Library for a couple of reasons. 1. They have not one but 2 happy hours. 5-7 and 9-11 3.25 beers and 3.25  Pinnacle Vodka Bombs, mixed drinks and shots. If that wasn't enough they have half off small plates aka appetizers from 5-7 and 9-1AM. 2. Atmosphere! Jukebox so you can play your song for everyone to hear, pool table, darts upstairs and down. porch with hanging lights makes a pretty place to eat and take a date. 3. Beer! They are always kicking kegs and bringing in new beers. You can never predict what beers they will have because their selection varies so much which is amazing for someone like me that loves trying new beers and gets bored of the same old selection. 4. Pulled pork Nachos, which is a small plate so they are only $5 during the happy hours.
<review# 482,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/8/2012,10/28/2012,22,109,2,4,2>Let me start off by saying I am not a seafood eater.  The only seafood I like is shrimp.  With that being said, this is my new favorite restaurant.  We went here on Saturday night and everything from our drinks, our food, the service, and the view made for a really wonderful evening.  We arrived an hour prior to our reservation to have drinks.  I had the Dragonberry Mojito and this is my new fave drink.  It wasn't overly fruity, but just right.  We had the sampler as an appetizer which included Cajun sauteed shrimp, crab cake, and a hibachi skewer.  Since I only eat shrimp, I had the Cajun sauteed shrimp, and this was the best shrimp I have ever had.  I am also not a spicy person and the cajun seasoning was just right for me.  My boyfriend enjoyed the rest of the appetizer.  He also had the  butternut soup with crab meat and was ready for more.  I ordered the ribeye special and he had the blackened and cajun chargrilled salmon.  We also got shrimp fried rice as our side.  I can't even begin to describe how enjoyable and tasty all of my food was.  It was incredible.  Our waitress, Pam, was pleasant and funny.  The decor of the restaurant is a little strange, but with the view of the city and all the restaurant offers, that hardly matters.  (My mouth is watering just thinking about this.)
<review# 483,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/18/2012,10/27/2012,69,61,2,3,3>On my second adventure to this wonderful restaurant, my expectations were met yet again.  It was a busy Friday night, but we just headed up to the wine bar to enjoy cocktails until our table was ready. I had a yummy wine, and my BF had an amazing margarita.When we were seated our server was friendly and let us know about the days specials. Throughout the meal, while he was quite busy, we were not neglected and I always had a full glass of wine. :)I decided on gnocchi and my bf went with a pizza....both we so delicious.Their food is just amazing, I could not rave about it enough. I've seen people complain that sometimes they have to wait to be seated, but don't let this deter you from trying this amazing restaurant!
<review# 484,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/10/2012,10/26/2012,125,61,2,5,2>It's really nice to see a restaurant make changes for the better over it's early existence.  I first visited Cure a short while after it opened this winter.  Although the food and music were great, I thought the portions were too small for the price point.  Although other reviewers made comments that Pittsburghers don't understand portion size, I can assure you that I do and only getting 2 bites of duck for $28 isn't OK.  Well, I just visited Cure for a 2nd time on recent Thursday night and I'm really glad I gave it a second chance.  The Salumi plate that previously sold for $18 is now only $8.  It's a great way to be introduced to the restaurant's specialty of cured meat and splits perfectly among 2-3 people.  If you have a big group, you can get the SALUMI plate for $26.  I saw one of the waiters bring one out and it looked monstrous, easily enough for a larger group to try.For an appetizer I tried the chanterelle mushroom ravioli.  It was in a delicious sauce and the paste was cooked perfectly al dente.  For an entree I had the hanger steak which was cooked to medium rare perfection.  It was accompanied with an outstanding cheese curd gratin potatoes in the shape of a cake.  The bordelaise sause with dijon mustard was phenomenal.  The portion size was absolutely perfect for the $28 price.  I was full but not stuffed and rolling out the door.Now re-evaluating Cure after it's been open about 6 months, I was really happy to see the portion size and price point is now much more in sync.  Although still loud, the great music even appeared to be turned down from my previous visit and it was easier to converse with my dinner companions.Justin Serevino is clearly one of the most talented chefs in Pittsburgh.  I hope to someday go to one of the "combination" dinners that he's hosted with other area chefs like Derek Stevens or Dave Racicot.  Cure is not only the premier BYOB restaurant in town, but the chef's stunning creativity with meat make it one of the best restaurants in Pittsburgh.
<review# 485,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/17/2012,10/25/2012,65,125,4,4,5>I actually can't get over it. It's been almost 24 hours and I'm still struggling with the fact that I paid just $10 for this brunch experience. I say "experience," because it truly is one!  The front of Zenith is bursting with antiques from floor to ceiling.  Nothing life-changing, but a delightful assortment to peruse while waiting for a table.  We waited 40 minutes on a Sunday afternoon, but it flew by amongst the racks of vintage clothing, jewelry, housewares and hipsters.Our party of four was seated at a roomy 6-top that you'd swear came straight outta Grandma's kitchen.  I had no idea what to expect from the brunch and was very excited to learn that we were given an option of one of many mouthwatering entrees AND the buffet.  I asked what type of food was on the buffet and I absolutely stopped listing when our server said "Well, we have a cake buffet..." A CAKE BUFFET?  I mean, why...haven't...I...been...here....before?!  Yes, a cake buffet; chock full of a variety of bundt cakes including Banana Chocolate, Raspberry Almond, Chocolate Coconut and just too many more to mention.  The buffet also included a salad section featuring peanut noodles, macaroni salad, hummus, potato salad and again - too many more to mention.  After stuffing my face with much of the aforementioned I received my entree of Seitan Gyro (vegetarian gyro).  It was fine, but I wouldn't order it again.  Let me be clear though - nothing WRONG with the gyro. It just turns out I don't love Seitan.  Also included in the massive $10 charge is your choice of hot or iced tea. I opted for the raspberry/peach iced and DAMN, it was good!  I liked the glass so much, I asked if I could buy it and they obliged, for the super-fair price of $3.  So, for $16 (including glass and tip) I walked out of Zenith with my fill of gyro, bundt cakes galore, delicious salads-o-plenty and a really big smile.  I can't wait to return!!!!
<review# 486,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/28/2012,10/24/2012,3076,78,16,25,21>What can I say that hasn't been said. Outstanding burgers, should be enough to say.Went for lunch Saturday of memorial day weekend. Got there at 2 and the place was pretty full with at 15 minute wait for a party of three. But actually got seated in a booth in 10 minutes.Service was pretty quick, I'd say within 3 minutes or less after seating. Got the drink orders in right away while we looked over the menu and the build your own configuration sheets.I ordered the standard deluxe with white American, and their own house burger sauce, done pink. I also ordered the fries instead of the chips which come with.Jody ordered the bison burger and Linda the Crab Shack.Jody, who has been around and is hard to please gave his an 8 or 9 out of ten. That's a real complement. Linda said she loved the crab shack. Also we had two shakes, one just plain chocolate shake and Linda had the Espresso Love which sounded great and was except it was just kind of too sweet.Funny thing happened while we were here when the power went out for a few minutes. Just a little added excitement.Well we will all be coming back here again to try and work our way through the menu and all the options. This place is highly recommended by usens.
<review# 487,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/14/2012,10/23/2012,39,148,2,3,1>Finally tried it out for brunch! We absolutely had to have some of the red curry moules which were outstanding as usual in terms of flavor, but we did have about 8-10 unopened mussels in the portion, which seemed a bit disproportionately high for the amount we received. The hubby ordered steak and eggs.  He ordered the steak rare, but it came out about medium if not a little over, but the flavor was good.  It was also served with frites which are always out of this world, and these were no exception. I ordered the eggs Benedict and I was not a fan (I actually sent it back).  I wasn't aware that it was served over brioche and though I do love a good brioche, it was just too much bread to stand up to the toppings and it felt sort of as though I was eating a dry sponge. For dessert we ordered a single Liege waffle with chocolate sauce.  This was a transcendent waffle!  It was soft and crunchy at the same time and the flavor is indescribable, just order it and enjoy you can thank me later! Overall though this wasn't the best meal that I have had at this restaurant, it was delicious and I will return many more times just not for the eggs benedict.
<review# 488,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/26/2012,10/22/2012,28,146,,4,2>Went here today for lunch after having been wowed a few weeks ago by Point Brugge Cafe. We arrived around 1 pm and there was a bit of a wait. It's Sunday, no big deal. After about 10 minutes we were escorted to our adorable mosaic tile table and handed a brunch menu. I wasn't expecting to have to order brunch since it was a little later, but there were lots of appetizing looking choices. I wanted to try the frites, as I had read the reviews and you Yelpers consistently recommend them. We ordered some for the table as a started. They did not disappoint. I've never had frites that were that addictive! I think I stopped talking the moment they arrived, and didn't come up for air until they were gone. So perfectly delicious and the garlic dijion mayo was a perfect pairing for dipping...and I don't even like mayo!I ordered the Vegetable frittata of the day, which had Gouda, carmelized onions, tomatoes, and a heavenly pesto sauce. It was really tasty and fresh, and served with chilled fruit which was a nice light touch. I don't think I've ever had a better frittata. It was perfectly cooked and the quality of ingredients was apparent. My wife ordered the eggs diablo, which I obviously sampled. I really loved the sauce, but I'm not a huge fan of banana peppers so it wouldn't be something I would order. There were a few veggie friendly choices on the menu, so we had more than one option when choosing our lunch/brunch. The other folks at our table got meaty type dishes and raved about them. The restaurant itself, like it's sister location, is adorable. It's a place where you instantly feel comfortable and you just know a special dining experience is awaiting you. I'm excited to come back and try that incredible looking banana nut french toast. And to try the dinner menu!
<review# 489,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/11/2013,12/11/2013,143,349,2,7,4>This place is so unique which is why I'm giving it 5 stars.  You do need a minimum number of people so make sure you call ahead to get the deets on that.  It's like being invited to a friend's house where they are making you a home cooked Hungarian meal!  I wasn't really sure what Hungarian food consisted of before making my way here but there's noodles, meat, cabbage and bread involved.  Oh the bread - it seriously came right out of the oven on to our table in to our mouths - it was PERFECT!  The place is BYOB and is very casual and cash only.  So make sure you bring some good company, bottles of wine and cash!  The owner is extremely sweet and will talk you through the dishes if you have questions.
<review# 490,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/22/2013,12/10/2013,44,101,3,8,3>If there was ever a business that I would point out as a 'model' for other businesses to follow, Istanbul Grille would be it, hands down! Josh was put out of his space on Liberty Avenue in October, for the expansion of 7-11 (like we need more of THAT!) but he has found a new space in the USX Tower food court! He is back, and the same amazing guy he always was, with the same amazing food!First, their food is fresh, real, plentiful and absolutely delicious. Second, their prices are more than reasonable. And thirdly, and most importantly, their sense of customer service and 'hospitality' is as real and friendly as I have EVER seen in Pittsburgh - and they're from Turkey!I'd been to two of their other locations, first when they were on Centre Avenue, and then after they'd moved to Lawrenceville, and both times, the staff and owner were so incredibly friendly, and the food, even though they'd had kitchen limitations, came out as a home cooked Turkish meal that was outstanding.I tried the downtown lunch counter once after I'd started working downtown, and the thin and adorable guy behind the counter said 'first time?' I told him it was my first time at this location, and I ordered the 'meat' plate for the day. It came with their meat of the day, whatever is on the rotisserie (lamb or chicken) and he piled on the salads, the rice, some hummous, some hot sauce (which is more flavor than 'heat'), and a few other surprises. I don't even remember the price that day, but I had cash in my wallet, paid, and took it back to my office, and it was spectacular.But my second visit was even more amazing. I saw the credit card stickers on the door, and didn't have cash in my wallet. I ordered the meat plate with a little extra hummous, and when I got the food, I noticed they didn't seem to have a credit card terminal. I asked the owner if they took cards. He said 'We don't take anything. Not even money. The food is free.' I smiled but said 'Seriously' because I didn't have cash. He said 'Don't worry, just bring it when you can'. I thanked him profusely, and then ran to my co-worker who was buying dreck food at Subway and borrowed cash, and returned immediately.He looked at me when I walked in the door and said 'Why don't you listen to me? I didn't say run now, I said when you can!'  A lady, who I assume is his mom or aunt came over, and I asked what the total was, and she said 'ten'. I handed her the nine I'd borrowed from my friend, and reached for my wallet. 'That's good' she said. I insisted on giving her the other dollar from my wallet, and thanked them all again. And as I made my way to the door, the owner yelled out 'Hey! Get yourself a soda!' Oh, and did I mention there was a line of twenty people both times?I didn't take a soda, but I was so moved by their genuine realness, that there are no worries - if I have cash, I WILL be back.If some of the businesses serving up crap in town were this genuine and nice, I might spend money on their wares anyway. They should take a lesson from Istanbul.And Istanbul, along with remarkable friendliness, serves up remarkable food. Clearly, a win-win situation.An added bonus is that if you happen to be attracted to dark Middle-Eastern and Indian/Asian types, the line is almost TOTAL eye candy. I fell in love three times just waiting in line.No bull, just total yum - at Istanbul! Visit the new space - they even have seating in the area!
<review# 491,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/19/2013,12/9/2013,4,33,,8,3>This is the new bar from the guys who brought the magnificent Bar Marco to Pittsburgh. The Livermore doesn't disappoint. This is a cool bar with great craft cocktails and tasty snacks. In East Liberty. This is the new hip neighborhood in Pittsburgh and these guys are here early. On night one the place was standing room only--a great sign of things to come. The menu features a few specialty cocktails plus a list if classics. They also have a couple of wines by the glass and beer (bottled). The food menu is simple--crostini, salad, small sandwiches, bar snacks. The food is tasty but not complicated. You probably will come here for drinks and happen to get some food, not the other way around. That's not to say that the food isn't very good ( it is), but when everyone's having a rollicking good time and the bar is cranking out perfectly mixed craft cocktails somehow food can take a back seat in one's mind. Check it out. You won't be disappointed! This is a great addition to not only East Liberty but also Pittsburgh more broadly.
<review# 492,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/29/2013,12/8/2013,48,370,,2,3>Probably the best beer in Pittsburgh.  I attended a beer hike with Venture Outdoors and then our group took a tour of the brewery.  They took time to explain the beer making process and they showed all the ingredients and tools that went into producing the beer.  We tasted lots of great beer and all of our questions were answered in a very helpful way.  It's a Green Brewery, so everything is recycled or reused.  Remember to take your growler to get refilled.  There's a coffee bar in the corner as you walk in.  Everyone is very friendly and knowledgeable.  I'm a huge fan of Snow Melt and their Pale Ale.I really liked the other location, but absolutely LOVE the new location.  They have a broader range of their beers of tap and the building is a lot more comfortable.
<review# 493,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/27/2013,12/7/2013,93,75,2,6,2>I may seem like the crazy cat lady, but I don't think 2 spoiled rotten kitties put me in that category... yet.I'm very particular about where I take my cats for veterinary services.  The reason for this is Maggie Mae, my sweet black & white tuxedo kitty has allergies.  There are many doctors who have pushed certain medications or treatments on us in the past.  Unfortunately only one injection actually works.  The staff at VCA Castle Shannon has been wonderful with Maggie.  They ran their diagnostic tests and, when they realized that the injection was the only treatment, they agreed to it.  Now when Maggie gets "the itch" we're able to go in and meet with a vet tech, instead of a full appointment every time.  We still have a full appointment every so many months, but it's nice to have a vet understand your situation and work with you, instead of charging you big bucks.The hours are also very convenient.  Since it's a 24 hour animal hospital, their doctor appointments are much easier to schedule.  I can usually call and get an appointment for Maggie within a few days, or sooner!  I want my fuzzy kids to have the best care possible... so much so that I drive 30+ minutes to VCA Castle Shannon now.  Sure there may be other vets closer, but they don't compare.  Now we just need to work on the kitty car sickness...
<review# 494,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/15/2013,12/6/2013,38,50,3,3,2>As an AirBnB host we struggle sometimes to give breakfast recommendations out to our guests. Sure we want to send them to Pamela's or Coca for the best taste of what the 'Burgh has to offer, but then you have to explain to them all about the potential waits, when to get there, how to phone in a table, etc. Along game Marty's and saved us from all that hassle [for now, until you all read this and ruin our good thing]. We've sent so many satisfied guests to Marty's that it's now our only recommendation. Of course, we love it ourselves too. The breakfast and lunch menus are simple, short, and tasty. There's usually enough variety for everyone and they stick to what I would consider a just-enough philosophy: you'll always leave full, but never stuffed. That's a good thing, everybody.Their ham omelet for breakfast is a household favorite. The griddle bread is amazing and the potatoes are flavorful and crispy. Get a fresh 'green' juice while your at it and add some years onto your life!
<review# 495,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/28/2013,12/5/2013,91,209,,6,2>HOORAY! I have a new hair salon!After reading a hundred or so Yelp! reviews on the various salons in the Pittsburgh area, I came across Salon Ivy's living social deal and snatched it up. Full of split ends from six months of abuse and neglect, I made my way to south side for a little TLC.Sarah greeted me shortly after my arrival and asked what I wanted to do with my hair. I showed her a few pictures of my "hair idols" and she understood what I was looking for immediately--flowy hair with lots of body. We chatted for the entire hour I was there about boys, driving in snow, traveling, you name it. Haircuts are boring and awkward without someone fun to talk to, which was exactly the quality I'd been looking for since leaving Austin and my beloved stylist at Hearts & Robots behind.I will be back! Thank you, Salon Ivy!
<review# 496,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/29/2013,12/4/2013,84,195,3,8,6>My roommate has been trying to make me go here for the longest time swearing by their food. I don't know what took me so long, but I believe that this is the best Szechuan restaurant in the greater Pittsburgh area. I went with my boyfriend to top off a rather exhausting day. We ordered spicy beef tendon, Chongqing lazi chicken, and spicy eggplant and garlic. I don't even know why we ordered that much food because in all honesty we weren't that hungry. Keeping this in mind, once our food came out we devoured all of it. It did take a few hours but we did it. Perhaps the only thing I would change would be the amount of sauce that covered the eggplants, the eggplants were practically submerged. I usually like my eggplant with a lighter amount of sauce. The place was a bit pricier but the portions made up for it- the chef covered the whole surface of the plate. The service wasn't the greatest, but they were nice enough.
<review# 497,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/20/2013,12/3/2013,46,89,,3,3>The view of the lake on the outdoor patio  here is so beautiful. We were in North Park walking or dog and stopped by hoping we could get some lunch, but they don't allow dogs on the patio, which is kind of a bummer! Especially considering that North Park is a popular dog walking spot! So, we got some food to go, but I was soooo disappointed that I couldn't sit on the patio and take in the view of the lake and fall leaves. I hope their dog policy changes in the future. I ordered the seitan wings with chipotle BBQ sauce and they were delicious and a good serving size....about 10 pieces and equivalent to the size of what you'd expect boneless chicken to be. Crispy on the outside and juicy on the inside like real chicken! The sauce was also flavorful.We also ordered the pretzels and beer cheese. I thought the beer flavor was a little too overwhelming for my taste, so I didn't have more than a few bites.I can't wait to come back next time without our dog and enjoy the patio here and sample some more from the menu. It's a great addition to North Park.
<review# 498,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/2/2013,12/2/2013,100,282,,4,4>Always on the prowl for taiwanese food, my husband was eager to try out this place, when he found a flyer for I Tea Cafe's grand opening.The food menu is pretty minimal, but so far everything we've tried has been good and the portions are so large.  I've had the minced pork sauce on noodles twice.  The first time, there was way too much noodle to sauce ratio, but the 2nd time, the noodle to sauce ratio was much better.   Other people have tried their different rice plates and liked them as well.  Best ones so far have been the Pork Chop rice and salt and pepper chicken.  Both fried chinese style, yum!!  The appetizers are good, not the best I've ever had, but the best I've had in Pittsburgh!  My favorite has been the Green onion pie with Beef aka Beef Roll at most other restaurants.Drinks - I always go for Coffee Milk Tea, Taro Milk Tea or Passionfruit Green Tea, depending on the weather and my craving.  So far I've tried the coffee milk tea and passionfruit green tea.  Both were good and not overly sweet!  Their drinks are definitely the main reason to stop by, and I love that it's in Shadyside!
<review# 499,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/5/2013,5/20/2013,3076,78,7,30,22>Sandwiches yes. Outstanding yes.Minitalia Deli is just a shell of its former incarnation as an Italian Grocery store. Most everything is gone except the Deli some fresh breads and a few other items.However I can't say loud enough: Minitalia Deli Is an outstanding sandwich and Italian deli shop.Don't look for anything else and you won't be disappointed. They have a good ten or fifteen predesigned sandwich combination with various interesting names. Try the Manhattan and the Park Avenue which are two of my favorites. During the weekdays they serve hot sandwiches also such as Meatball Hoagies and Hot Sausages, also some soups and chili.  If you get there right around lunch time you can expect a bit of a line to get your deli meats or sandwiches made. Also inside they have some seating if you want to eat there. Many local workmen stop in for their lunch here.The service is pretty good with nothing fancy, just, 'what would you like and okay I'll make it for you right away" kind of attention.You will not be disappointed in the made to order sandwiches either.  Single or double meats, any kind of bread, cheese etc. I customize my own sandwiches here pretty often. I get them with lettuce, tomato and red peppers as a favorite. The meat, mostly Boars Head and the cheese is very, very fresh. Nothing sits around here very long without being devoured. Did I say that they pile the meat high, very high, so you have a fun challenge getting your mouth around it? Cash, sure. Credit Card yes, with a modern twist. Your receipt will come via text message or email, your choice. Really is kind of neat for a Deli.Getting hungry for lunch? : have a great sandwich, Turner's Ice Tea and some chips.  Oh Boy, tasty!
<review# 500,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/24/2013,5/19/2013,57,239,2,2,3>I took my mom here for her birthday. We got 6 cake shots that were very good for the most part.Lemon: I am in loveRed velvet: averageOreo: super stale, and left that filmy feeling on my tonguesmore: okreese: DelishDouble chocolate: very goodThey were out of the almond torte :(I might try this place again. The woman was super nice and the cookies looked great, but I don't know if it was worth the drive. However, I am considering going back, so I guess that's a good sign.
<review# 501,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/14/2013,5/18/2013,93,168,2,2,2>I went to Paint Monkey for an event with a rather large group. Upon entering the building I was immediately impressed. The exposed brick high ceiling warehouse atmosphere really gets your creative juices going while you rock out to the tunes played from an old school jute box! The staff was extremely friendly, offering up pointers when needed, but letting you express your own style if that's what you wanted to do. I appreciated that. Oh and the event was BYOB! (and BYOS - bring your own snacks! hehe)One cool thing they do is a pet day. You can send in pictures of your pet and if they pick it, they will instruct the class on how to paint your pet from a picture. It's way more my style since it is more create something new and less paint someone else's artwork. That is the class most worth checking out, in my opinion. Oh yeah, and they also offer classes for children. Great for parties for the little ones!I have done Colors & Bottles before and Paint Monkey totally blows them out of the water. You must check them out if you are someone interested in picking up a paint brush for the first time and want instruction.
<review# 502,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/9/2013,5/17/2013,540,698,3,4,3>Hold up, time for an update on the review.  Still five stars, yes, but let me expand on it more than my two tiny paragraphs I had prior.Since I was there last they have done a remodel, a great remodel.  It doesn't feel so enclosed now.  Amazing what a bright color of paint on the wall and some new flooring can do for the way a place feels inside.  Also, big props for finally getting rid of the blinds on the only windows you have in the place (I have a feeling you used them to hide your embarrassment).  New floors and paint are not the only thing that was done for this remodel.  Remember those scary bathrooms?  Yeah, no more.  They have nice, CLEAN bathrooms now.  The one thing that baffles me is the sink outside the bathrooms.  One sink.  Between the men's and women's bathroom.  Air dryer, no towels...weird, but it works.Another great thing was that they moved the pool table to the back.  To me, it felt like they were deterring you from entering on some nights.  I mean what would you think if you walked into a dim lit bar and saw some guys standing there with pool cues?  With the moving of the pool table, it really does open it up at the front, more inviting if you will.Staff are still as nice as can be.  Polite and accommodating.$1 cover on most nights to walk in the door.  Yes there is a $10 minimum if you want to use  your card.*if you like karaoke, they have an odd little twist on it every first Thursday of the month.
<review# 503,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/27/2013,5/16/2013,39,80,5,6,4>Ever since watching my first Rick Sebak tape, I've made attempts to develop myself into the ultimate Pittsburgh tour guide--not for KDKA, but rather for my friends and family members that came to visit the city. Casually known to my visitors as a place of despair, consistently lame weather, and awful sports fans, I take pride in hearing the variations of "Holy wow, I never realized Pittsburgh was so awesome" at the end of visits.And so, in my quest to spot out everything worth it in Pittsburgh, I stumble in to Tootie's on a Saturday afternoon. Greeted by the owner, he initiates friendly conversation before telling us that this is his mother's beef recipe straight from Chicago. I go ahead and order the smallest option, not expecting too much.Biting into the sandwich was kind of like that part in the Wizard of Oz where all of a sudden everything bursts into vibrant color. Notice that the menu has one option: beef sandwich. Yeah, you can get a sausage, but that's just a small filler on the bottom of the delicious beef sandwich. If you really want (and I am wont to really want), you can add provolone, green pepper, onions, or even marinara sauce (they call it the Benny, named for the guy who runs the Rex and goes wild for the combination of marinara/onion/green pepper). Tootie's is the perfect addition to my Pittsburgh tour. Convenient location, open late, friendly atmosphere, and unbelievable sandwich. Ask for it dipped. You're welcome.
<review# 504,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/11/2012,5/15/2013,44,101,1,8,5>If there was ever a business that I would point out as a 'model' for other businesses to follow, Istanbul Grille would be it, hands down!First, their food is fresh, real, plentiful and absolutely delicious. Second, their prices are more than reasonable. And thirdly, and most importantly, their sense of customer service and 'hospitality' is as real and friendly as I have EVER seen in Pittsburgh - and they're from Turkey!I'd been to two of their other locations, first when they were on Centre Avenue, and then after they'd moved to Lawrenceville, and both times, the staff and owner were so incredibly friendly, and the food, even though they'd had kitchen limitations, came out as a home cooked Turkish meal that was outstanding.I tried the downtown lunch counter once after I'd started working downtown, and the thin and adorable guy behind the counter said 'first time?' I told him it was my first time at this location, and I ordered the 'meat' plate for the day. It came with their meat of the day, whatever is on the rotisserie (lamb or chicken) and he piled on the salads, the rice, some hummous, some hot sauce (which is more flavor than 'heat'), and a few other surprises. I don't even remember the price that day, but I had cash in my wallet, paid, and took it back to my office, and it was spectacular. But my second visit was even more amazing. I saw the credit card stickers on the door, and didn't have cash in my wallet. I ordered the meat plate with a little extra hummous, and when I got the food, I noticed they didn't seem to have a credit card terminal. I asked the owner if they took cards. He said 'We don't take anything. Not even money. The food is free.' I smiled but said 'Seriously' because I didn't have cash. He said 'Don't worry, just bring it when you can'. I thanked him profusely, and then ran to my co-worker who was buying dreck food at Subway and borrowed cash, and returned immediately.He looked at me when I walked in the door and said 'Why don't you listen to me? I didn't say run now, I said when you can!'  A lady, who I assume is his mom or aunt came over, and I asked what the total was, and she said 'ten'. I handed her the nine I'd borrowed from my friend, and reached for my wallet. 'That's good' she said. I insisted on giving her the other dollar from my wallet, and thanked them all again. And as I made my way to the door, the owner yelled out 'Hey! Get yourself a soda!' Oh, and did I mention there was a line of twenty people both times?I didn't take a soda, but I was so moved by their genuine realness, that there are no worries - if I have cash, I WILL be back.If some of the businesses serving up crap in town were this genuine and nice, I might spend money on their wares anyway. They should take a lesson from Istanbul.And Istanbul, along with remarkable friendliness, serves up remarkable food. Clearly, a win-win situation.An added bonus is that if you happen to be attracted to dark Middle-Eastern and Indian/Asian types, the line is almost TOTAL eye candy. I fell in love three times just waiting in line.No bull, just total yum - at Istanbul!
<review# 505,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/21/2013,5/14/2013,57,168,2,3,3>We are Children's Museum members, and membership is worth every penny.Pittsburgh is cold for a long time, and kids need to be active even on cold days. We found a place to spend our weekends where our kid could run around and do things no matter what the weather forecast.One caveat... as burgeoning academic who is the child of an academic, I must say that the Children's Museum takes alot of liberty with the word "museum". Unlike  Children's Museums in other cities we have lived or visited, there are NOT many actual LEARNING-oriented exhibits which I sometimes find disappointing. However, we use the museum to "play", not to "learn", and kids definitely learn through play.On the other hand, we always find ourselves busy... spreading our time among places like the Art Room (painting, screen printing, drawing), the "Park" (my name for it) Room (basically a huge jungle gym, a car to climb in, etc.), and the Water Room. There are several areas too, e.g., My daughter made me a necklace in the Make Room once.They also have programming with various live shows and classes.One visit and your kids will be hooked.Also, the Aviary is just around the block. Check it out too!
<review# 506,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/24/2013,5/13/2013,50,55,2,2,2>Awesome flavors yummy frozen yoghurt! Resisting the urge of waffles from Waffallonia, I made my way to Razzy Fresh. I have to say they have the best variety of flavors with seasonal options (I have tried Red Mango, Pinkberry, Berryline, Berrywild in other states and Yo Place at Ross Park Mall, so a fair comparison). The mainstays are Alpine Vanilla (my personal favorite), Chocolate, Strawberry, Taro, Original, Cookies & Cream and Mango, while the seasonal options include Banana, Honeydew, Pear, Watermelon and a few more.They have two cup options, medium and large at $0.41/oz and moderate topping options - sprinkles, gummies, yogurt chips, brownie bites and fresh fruits (yes not frozen) - strawberries, mango, kiwi, grapes (maybe 1 or 2 more). It is self serve - which is awesome as you can choose how much you want)The place is small with some outdoor chairs during the summer. Parking is on the street. Don't forget to get your frequent yoghurt card (every 9 punches gets you a free yoghurt cup up to a certain weight).
<review# 507,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/6/2013,5/12/2013,1891,388,2,5,4>One of the top must try restaurants of Pittsburgh.I have been to Eleven twice. The first time was last summer for a small Yelp Happy Hour. During this visit I tried the famous Eleven Burger (braised veal, bacon, onions, fries with your choice of white cheddar, Maytag Blue or goat cheese) I got it with everything on it and white cheddar. It was delicious! The fries that came with it were very tasty as well. I also had a few Leven-ades (orange vodka, homemade lemonade and raspberries). On the second visit I took my wife for lunch for her birthday. I had previously made reservations though the Open Table app and let them know it was her birthday. She had the Lobster Roll and I had the Hanger Steak & Fries. She loved it! I did steal a bite of it and it was one of the best I had ever tasted. The lobster was fresh and tasted like it was just caught that day. My Hanger Steak was very good also.After we finished she was presented with their chocolate, peanut, pretzel candy bar. (brownie, peanut butter mousse, peanut brittle, pretzel and milk chocolate ice cream) It even had a piece of chocolate on top that said Happy Birthday! It was one of the best desserts I have ever had and is worth every penny! Not to be missed!Service was wonderful as well. Needless to say, when we left we were stuffed.
<review# 508,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/13/2013,5/11/2013,580,275,6,14,9>I was a little nervous to try Bikram yoga.  Some of the Yelp reviews made it look truly awful.  So I kept putting it off, and low and behold, Groupon showed up with a two months unlimited for $40.  I signed up, and I went every day for three weeks.  Unfortunately, I haven't been in Pittsburgh much since, and I miss Bikram ever so.Bikram yoga consists of the same... 26, I believe, postures every class.  Classes are an hour and a half, slightly longer.  It is HOT.  There isn't any way around it.  The front of the classroom under the vents seems to be the hottest, and you will walk out of class feeling like you just got out of a swimming pool.  Luckily, there are three showers in the locker room waiting for you.What makes Bikram great?  I have never been so relaxed in my life.  Afterwards you feel like you've had a long massage.  Your muscles are so happy, and you have so much energy. It's such a great feeling.What makes this studio great?  The teachers.  I took classes with Lori, Kate, Zeb, and Shannon.  Lori is this little bundle of positive energy bursting out of every corner.  Shannon is the most "critical" (In a good way!!!), and she really watches to make sure that the posture is correct, which is SO helpful.  Kate was really nice and very encouraging.  I only took one class with Zeb, but he was cool too.  I've been in quite a few classes with Zeb, though, and he is amazing to watch.  He makes the postures look so easy and beautiful.  Second, there are so many classes to choose from (SIX PER DAY ON THE WEEKDAYS!!!!!)  !  I work a full time job at night.  Thank Goodness for 10:00 and now noon classes!!  So many studios cater to the day people  Additionally, the studio is very clean, and the hardwood floors are nice.Insight:  1)  DRINK A TON OF WATER.  I did not.  ER visits are expensive.  2)  Wash your feet constantly!  I picked up some awful foot infection from someone wandering around untreated.I only wish Bikram studios across the U.S. had some kind of connecting deal.  If I could get an unlimited month membership at any Bikram studio in the U.S. for an additional cost (Like LA Fitness does), I would commit in a second.  This probably isn't realistic, but it would be perfect for those of us that are semi-nomadic.Summary:  Go to Bikram Yoga.  Every day,  You won't regret it.
<review# 509,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/22/2012,12/10/2012,8,73,2,4,3>oh man. so good. Just go get one, get everything on it with the Waffalonia special or nothing because their Belgian sugar waffles totally stand alone. If you're going to indulge like this, totally skip brunch and come here.  My personal favorite is the nutella, strawberry and ice cream, I prefer to have gone on a four hour hike before, because I don't even want to know how many "totally worth-it" calories one would be.  I guess you burn a few while you stand and eat, which is the only downside to this tiny little waffle shop on Murray!
<review# 510,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/28/2012,12/9/2012,71,342,,5,2>I have had two fantastic experiences on the Gateway Clipper Fleet.  The first was for the Captain's Dinner Dance cruies on Valentine's Day.  When you make your reservation, make a request if you want to be seated in a specific area, especially if you want window seating or to be seated on the main floor.  I wasn't sure what to expect other than standard banquet fare and some dance music.  The cruise exceeded my expectations.  They were very efficient on getting passengers on board even though they herd you into a line so they can take your picture as you board the ship.  You were able to board about an hour before departure and enjoy a la carte drinks and appetizers.  Skip the appetizers and eat something before you get on or just save room for dinner.  Drinks were on the expensive side but that is to be expected at this type of event.  There were several speciality drinks that come in a souvenier cup.  Your second drink will be cheaper because you won't be paying for the glass again.  As the boat pulled away from the docks, we were treated to a brief narration about hilights in Pittsburgh's skyline.  It was informative enough to give you a taste of information but not so intrusive that it was annoying.  Despite a fully packed boat, tables were escorted to the buffet quickly and efficiently and the food supply was constantly replenished.  Despite my thoughts that it would be standard banquet food, everything was actually quite tasty.  When the buffets were removed, the dancing started.  There was a live "band" that had guitar, keyboards and a singer (backed up by tracks of music).  Their quality of playing wasn't the best, but I'm a music snob so I let it slide so I could kick back nad have a good time.  They played a variety of music ranging over the decades but seemed to mostly focus on disco.  I would have preferred there to be more slow cances considering it was Valentine's Day, but we had a great time dancing.  Before we knew it, the boat was pulling back in to Station Square and a fun night came to a close.The second time I took the Gateway Clipper was for the shuttle to a Pirates game.  The service was efficient and drops you off right at PNC Park.  My only complaint is that we just missed getting on to one of hte smaller ships so we had to wait until the larger one was at capacity before they shuttled us to PNC which ended up making us late for the start of the game.  If you plan on taking the shuttle, make sure you give yourself enough time.
<review# 511,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/28/2012,12/8/2012,27,95,2,5,4>I have judged this book by it's cover for far too long. I've always know The Smiling Moose to be "that metal bar" that looked sort of dingy from the outside. Turns out they have a fantastic draft selection, about 10-12 micros on tap and another 30 or so in bottles, and an amazing menu all being pumped out by a legit chef (the former chef at Cafe du Jour). A friend and I stopped in on a Sunday afternoon for some lunch and beer during the Steelers game. We arrived around 12:30 and were the only people in the bar. A few more showed up closer to 1 which is when the kitchen opens on Sundays. This is a great place to watch the game as there are 2 flat screens at the bar, then a giant projector screen in the dining area. I tried the buffalo wings and the baked spinach and broccoli dip while my friend had a cup of the roasted red pepper bisque and the cajun wings. The spinach broccoli dip was awesome! It was like if you combined spinach artichoke dip and broccoli cheese soup. It's served up with some toasted french bread for dipping. The portion is very generous, on my own I was only able to eat about a 1/4 of the serving. The wings were so-so, a little too heavy on the black pepper for my taste. My friend said the red pepper bisque was the best soup he has ever had. For 6 wings, the dip, and 2 beers my tab was $23. On Sundays they have a limited menu, but I did take a look at their full menu and it looks great. They have several inventive sandwiches, sliders, and snack. I think I'm going to come back during happy hour (half off craft beers and $2 off sliders) to try more of the menu. The Smiling Moose is my new favorite bar!
<review# 512,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/29/2012,12/7/2012,757,406,2,5,3>I have found yet another reason to hang around on Western Ave. I'm really starting to like it down there.  As an alumnus of CCAC Allegheny I often times just hurried passed storefront after storefront never taking a second glance at the many great establishments that line Western Ave.  Well now that Western Ave is within walking distance of my new home, I've been slowing down and exploring what the avenue has to offer. The Modern Cafe is great.  I like the old school neon signage that hangs in front of the bar. I like that it's attached to deli that actually has corned beef on the menu and I loved the selection of seasonal pumpkin beer.
<review# 513,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/11/2012,12/6/2012,64,202,2,3,4>casbah is the last big burrito restaurant i had left to try and i really liked it. i started with the sangria to drink which was delicious, and i'm usually not a huge fan of sweet drinks like that. we split the grilled flatbread app. the dips weren't anything super special, but the bread was thick and flavorful. no complaints. then we both got piccola gusta and split all our items. (the piccola gusta gives you salad or soup, half a sandwich, and half a pasta) between the two of us we had the tomato & basil bisque, arugula salad, crab cake sandwich, salumi sandwich, orecchiette pasta, and ricotta cavatelli.i'm not a big fan of tomato soup, in fact, i never eat it, but i tried the bisque and loved it. it tasted more like a tomato sauce than soup. the arugula salad was great as well. the crab cake sandwich was really small but good, and the salumi sandwich was amazing... probably my favorite part of the meal. both pastas were good, but i personally preferred the orecchiette, the cranberries sealed the deal for me.i love the atmosphere, we sat out on the covered patio, and the service was great as well.i'll definitely be back again, hopefully to try the different brunch and dinner menus!
<review# 514,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/2/2012,12/5/2012,44,78,5,6,6>While I have been here many times for the music venue, last Sunday was the first time for the brunch and really, where have you been all my life?!?!?!When I lived in NYC, Sunday brunch was what I lived for.  Fancy food, awesome drinks, chill venue.  Here in Pitt, a bit harder to find.  But Club Cafe, as strange a venue for brunch as any, definitely lived up to my big city expectations.  The husband and I came at 11 am and the place was already pretty packed.  There was a large crowd at the bar, but they were quiet and reasonably behaved.  They stuff a bunch of chairs and tables up onto the stage area in such a way that J didn't even realize where the stage should go in that place. The only downside was how cold it was in there.  I had on a coat and wished I had on a wool sweater.  Some heat wouldn't kill you!I started out the Coffee Chata Chill.  Honestly, I wish I was still there drinking it.  It's kind of like a frappaccino but with rum with maybe a hint of chai in there.  All in all, one of the awesomest drinks ever.  Goes down smooth.  They have a lot of Bloody Mary's - normally my Sunday staple - and I will have to return to try them all .  They have them in a flight, so you can try the vodka, gin and tequila Mary's.I had the shrimp and grits.  J had the traditional breakfast with ham and bacon.  The bacon was awesome.  We like to think of ourselves as bacon aficionados and this bacon definitely was up there.  My grits were creamy and lightly spiced with tumeric and goat cheese.  The shrimp were spicy and fresh.  J's eggs were perfectly cooked, the bread was grilled and the potatoes weren't greasy.  If they figure out the heating situation (and honestly even if they don't, just be warned to bring a sweater!!!), the food is outstanding, the drinks are awesome and it's still new enough that it is not overwhelmed with people.  Come for the shows, come back the next morning for the food.  Outstanding!
<review# 515,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/21/2012,12/4/2012,21,99,4,3,3>A large Szechuan menu with many different dishes (including your ususal Szechuan fare) at a reasonable price. The portions are very large, and two dishes for two people is more than enough.Our two dishes (traditional fried green beans with port and a spicy duck) were tasty and satisfying, although they fell a bit short of being excellent. The duck did not have this nice bite of Szechuan pepper, as I had expected. Based on our two dishes, I'd say 3 stars rather than 4, but many dishes on the other table looked very appetizing. We will be back to try more dishes, and perhaps update the rating. Finally, I'd say that the quality of the food compares to the quality of the last page of How Lee menu.
<review# 516,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/6/2012,12/3/2012,11,49,2,3,2>I like this place for a quick, reasonably priced, consistently good meal.  I've been here on several occasions and i must say I've never had a bad meal here.  I may have had dishes that were under spiced or had little details that werent the best, but overall great place for Indian food.Most recently i had the chana masala, the vegetable chettinadu, and some garlic naan.  I love spicy food so i make it a point to get really really spicy food when i get sechuan or Indian or Thai, so i wanted to put this place to the test and see if i could actually get it Indian spicy.  I'm a bit of a spice freak so i get let down by places being really timid when i say i want my food spiced at level 15/10.  Anyways, so i ordered my chana and it came out really tasty.  not terribly spicy - i think i dabbed my nose once, but overall the food was great.  the vegetables were all cooked properly and had a good texture, sometimes the veg gets soggy after sitting and stewing for a while, but the veg seemed fresh here.like others say, its the best indian food i have found in pittsburgh.  And thats why I'm a repeat customer.  Just dont be shy on the spices!  when i say i want it spicy like you eat it and emphatically say #15 spicy, i really do mean it!  otherwise keep up the great job!garlic naanchicken tikka w/sideschana w/ sideschettinadu w/ sides1 spriteweekday dinner - $50 w/ tip
<review# 517,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/22/2012,12/2/2012,19,76,2,6,2>Curry On Murray creates some more competition for the 25 other Thai restaurants in Squirrel Hill (ok, I'm using a slight hyperbole, but there are a lot of Thai places in the area).  Anyway, where was I?  Oh yeah...Curry on Murray offers a decent variety of curries and noodle dishes all of which I tried were delicious and filling.  The crab rangoons were probably the highlight of the meal, but my Pad Kee Mao was probably a close second.  My one criticism is - and this goes for ALL Thai, Chinese, Indian, etc. restaurants - when someone says extra spicy, they mean extra spicy!  The service was exemplary as we were waited on by a lovely young lady who spoke fluent English which made our dining experience somewhat easier (come on, you all have to agree that no matter how delicious a restaurant is, language barriers can be a challenge.)  Of all the Thai places in the area, I think that this is probably the most "down to earth" as it lacks the ostentatiousness and higher prices of some of their  competition which I why I'll very likely make Curry on Murray my first choice for Thai in the area.
<review# 518,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/11/2012,12/1/2012,147,143,4,6,3>I've never understood how my Indian friend's stay skinny when their food is so delicious!  My wife and I are Indian restaurant aficionados and we've journeyed to almost every one in the Pittsburgh area.  Cafe Delhi is among the best, and easily has the best prices and the fastest friendliest service of any of them.  Almost every dish on the menu is just $4-$8, so you can easily get a few things to try.  You'll want to, because it's too hard to choose between the huge number of options.The dishes have their traditional Indian names, with English descriptions underneath, which I found very helpful.  They offer to spice everything as you request from 1-10 and we all found their spice levels to be perfect, very full flavored but never overwhelming.  Despite the low prices, the portion sizes are generous, and we ended up taking home enough leftovers for a future Indian feast!The only negative is that the restaurant is fairly unassuming, with a simple awning to mark the front, and little in the way of decoration or atmosphere inside.  That said, it's clean, well maintained, and the waiters were responsible and helpful.  Cafe Delhi believes, as I do, that nothing should distract away from food as the center of the dining experience.Get ready for a diverse offering of fantastic dishes, fast service, generous portions and an unbelievable value.  I do not throw 5 star ratings around lightly, but Cafe Delhi has absolutely earned the highest possible rating.  I'm tempted to move next door, just so I can eat there every day!
<review# 519,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/5/2012,2/22/2012,55,132,1,6,5>Abay is AS GOOD AS IT GETS! Totally 5-star worthy!Each visit has been truly awesome. I highly recommend eating the "real" way - everyone at the table eating off a big platter with fingers. The menu on their website is funny. "Since wine may provide certain medical benefits and may lead you to believe the person you are with is more attractive or engaging than he or she actually is, drinking it responsibly with your meal is encouraged." And, "We will do our best to accommodate split checks for large parties. Please understand that it might take a little longer to calculate your bill. Also bear in mind that the U.S. ranks about 30th in math, so doing it yourself might increase our ranking."In my last visit, we shared Kay Wat (spicy beef stew), Doro Tibs (chicken breast stewed with peppers), Kay Sir Dinich (potato and beets) and Ayib Be Gomen (delicious Ayib Be Gomen). We got samples of Misir Wat (spicy red lentils) and some other lentils because it was the first time for one of my friends. I highly recommend combining a few veggie options with the meats. Also recommended, by the time you are almost done with your food, you might want more  bread. Stop yourself. Save some room for dessert. We had the special for that night - pumpkin sambussa. This was like little pastries filled with pumpkin filling, deep fried and came with a scoop of icecream (we got one with cinnamon and another with ginger) drizzled with chocolate or honey (we got one of each). Very very good! The sweetness of the ice cream and the drizzle complemented the spices in the pumpkin filling. We were a very satisfied bunch after dinner. A 4-people dinner for little over $80 including tips and tax that makes you drool even thinking about it, HECK yea!PS: Abay doesn't take reservations. Try to get there with enough time in hand. It gets really busy during the weekends. More PS: Don't park in the garage across the street by Plum. The Plum people have gotten smart and if they don't see you walking into Plum, they will make you move. Park on the other side by Walgreens and you are good to go!
<review# 520,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/4/2012,2/21/2012,106,194,3,7,5>The overall theme of Eleven is balance.The pork belly was like a gift from God: the saltiness of the grits balanced by the sweet maple gastrique; the soft tender pork belly enhanced by the crispy apple slices; and the brown color of the seared belly offset by the bright greens.  Truly a perfectly conceived dish.  Did I mention that it tasted AMAZING?The scallops were the only thing that didn't blow my mind.  They were good, just not out of this world.My main dish was hands down the best lamb dish I've ever had.  If you like lamb, get the lamb.  Again, perfectly balanced.  The lamb, smoked shoulder, mint, lamb bacon, and red onion marmalade could all be tasted in different combinations.  You could make every bite different and every bite equally amazing.  Perfectly cooked, perfectly executed, and beautiful to look at.Finally, there's a reason the chocolate-peanut-pretzel candy bar is at the top of their dessert menu.  This is not your kid's Snickers bar, THIS IS YUMMY TIME FOR ADULTS.  It all comes together and again, is perfectly balanced.  The cold sweet ice cream, the salty smooth peanut/preztel filling sitting on a thin dense brownie (acted almost like the crust).  Truly an incredible finish to an amazing meal.The service was outstanding and probably the most personable service I've ever had.  Our waiter Daniel was extremely courteous, informative, nice, and helped make our night one to remember.
<review# 521,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/15/2011,2/20/2012,27,70,2,7,3>This place is great.  I had brunch here with a few of my girlfriends on a Sunday.  We started our brunch with some great drinks: mamosa's, sangria, and bloody mary's.  The sangria was one of the best I have ever had.We were seated at a charming table that was meant for a king & queen.  The large seats and table were all made of wood and went perfectly with teh brick walls.We were treated with delicious pastries while looking at our brunch menus.  You could tell the pastries were fresh and there were a variety of them.The menu for brunch had a variety of delicious items such as drunken french toast, chicken and biscuits, crab & shrimp ceviche, and fruit and yogurt.  The food was delicious and served timely.  The group ordered a variety of things with the drunken french toast as the most popular item.  Everyone seem to enjoy their food.The service was great and the people were very friendly.  The bartenders and waitresses seemed to love what they did and created a laid back atmosphere.One item to note is that there is no air conditioning.  It was warm on the day I went and the room was not uncomfortable but it could be if the place was packed.I would reccomend the brunch to anyone.  It is completely worth the $20 for the food, friendly service, and decor.
<review# 522,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/18/2011,2/19/2012,61,73,2,10,1>Olives and Peppers is simply delicious.  Much to my disappointment, word of how great this restaurant is has gotten out and it's hard to go there and not have a wait.  They have a very, very small dining room so if you get here after 6:30, you're in for a fairly long wait.  I can assure you that it's well worth it though (or you could opt for take-out or even buy their pasta sauce.)  The bruschetta is the best I've ever had and I simply can't say no to it even though I know the meals are huge, and I'll never be able to finish everything.  Mmmm, leftovers.  I've ordered the four-cheese ravioli, the lobster ravioli and the blue crab ravioli (can you see the trend?)   They also have nightly specials which I've tried and enjoyed and serve a variety of wines and beers.The service always seems a little slow because the restaurant is so crowded.  The only time they've disappointed me is that the last time I went for dinner, they brought my Mom the normal lasagna versus the nightly special, a vegetable lasagna, that she had ordered.  Despite the waitress admitting it was a kitchen mix-up, they talked her into keeping what she didn't order because it would take a long time to get her the other lasagna and when we got the bill, they didn't comp her bill or offer her a free dessert to make up for the error.
<review# 523,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/20/2011,2/18/2012,86,173,10,6,5>Chris, owner and laborer of Immaculate Auto Detailing, was the lucky man to scrub 4 years worth of filth out of my car. The business is appropriately named, as my car left his shop in a state of immaculate cleanliness, with absolutely no details overlooked. I was really amazed with the results. It looks like new!!! Chris gave us a ride to the mall while we waited for him to work his magic, which was a nice gesture. He was a super nice guy. We were able to laugh comfortably about the forgotten porn in my trunk and used condoms under the seats. There's no need to be embarrassed about your habits with Chris, he's seen it all and he does not make judgements - he just does a really fucking great job, and he takes pride in his work. He had another job waiting, but instead of rushing us out, he made friendly conversation and helped us with directions to our next destination. When I called to make my appointment, he was pretty well booked up, so I ended up with an appointment about a month after the call. It was worth the wait.
<review# 524,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/17/2012,2/17/2012,100,116,,6,4>We made our first (but certainly not last) visit to Toast during Pittsburgh Restaurant Week, and all I can say is that we're in love with the place.  From the moment we walked out of a cold January rain and into a romantic, cozy room dressed in wood and deep reds, I was sold.  I felt like I had suddenly come into possession of a fabulous log cabin hideaway, and was having dinner with my husband as we holed up against the elements, armed with plenty of wine and good food to protect us from whatever vicious weather lurked outside the door.We opted for the Restaurant Week special, which was a discounted tasting menu, served with a wine pairing.  The menu was four courses long, and each of us got a different plate for each round.What I loved about this was the element of mystery.  We could hear words being tossed around in the kitchen behind us, which only built up the excitement, but we had no clue what would really be delivered to us until it was in the waiter's hands.  I tried desperately to guess based on the selection of silverware that was brought out for each round, but I think our waitress started giving us extra pieces to throw us off.Round one was shrimp and grits for me, and frog legs for my husband.  I loved both of these dishes (we decided to switch plates halfway through each course so we got to maximize our tastings), and what I loved even more was that without a surprise-filled tasting menu like this, I would probably have never branched out and tried them.Round two was a cauliflower soup with lump crab and a Caesar salad.  We also had a basket of warm, soft bread with whipped butter on the side and something sweet baked into each slice.Our main course was a hangar steak with mashy sweet potatoes and cauliflower in a sweet reduction, and salmon with beans and lentils.  While I admit that it was hard to swap plates on this one because I was so crazy about the tender, juicy hangar steak, I was also pleased with the salmon.Dessert brought mini cheesecake bites (imagine that a cheesecake was wrapped inside a crispy funnel cake crust, and you'll understand what this tasted like) and a carrot cake bread pudding.  It was the perfect thing to top off the meal.With each course, we got a new glass of wine, paired to the food.  All in all, since we shared our food, we got to sample eight different courses and eight glasses of wine.  I was totally enamoured.  The service was top-notch, good music playing on the overhead speakers, and the atmosphere was perfect.  Without a doubt, we will return.  I do recommend getting reservations (you can do it online with OpenTable), because the seating area is small and intimate, and I can imagine they book up early on weekends especially.  So glad we picked Toast to kick off Restaurant Week!
<review# 525,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/18/2012,2/16/2012,70,148,8,9,5>It's taken me a year to find out that the BFG cafe wasn't named after a weapon in Doom, and that it therefore wasn't some sort of internet cafe as I had expected. No, in fact, BFG cafe stands for Big Fat Greek cafe, presumably because if you eat here regularly you will be big and fat, and the fact that they serve gyros. Additionally, BFG stands for Bloomfield-Friendship-Garfield, the three nearest neighborhoods to the cafe(Well actually East Liberty is probably closer than Bloomfield but nobody wants to eat at the Enormous Large Fat Greek cafe, it's simply too verbose).Walking in to the cafe is a big open kitchen, well over half the room, a few vending machines for drinks, and a seating area to the side. Seating is actually plentiful here as it appears the cafe is two spaces combined. The food here is my favorite kind: cheap. The most expensive item on their menu is a large speciality pizza for $13. 9" hoagies and gyro sandwiches are $5 and under, fries are about a buck, and "pittsburgh-style" salads and 12" pizzas are about $5-7. Simply put, they're hard prices to beat: a spinach-feta pizza and a gyro(big enough that I didn't even make it to the pizza) cost me $11 after tax. The gyro was excellent, and though not enough to usurp my stomach's other Big Fat Greek champion(My Big Fat Greek Gyro), the price and convenience of this place easily makes up for it.  The pizza had a very thin crust and had a nice seasoning to it. Toppings weren't skimped on, but I had a little trouble finding the feta on the slice I did attempt. They also threw tomatoes on it for free, because the guy on the phone thinks they're a nice touch, and, I did too.Shockingly, BFG didn't replace Salt as my favorite restaurant in this stretch of Penn ave, but for cheap sandwich while I'm working from home or for a pizza dinner when I don't feel like cooking, this is a great place to have in the neighborhood
<review# 526,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/24/2011,2/15/2012,31,22,4,6,4>I have a cupcake obsession. I like of think that i am a cupcake connoisseur.... who doesnt love a glass of rose champagne with cupcakes?  I have tried almost every cupcake speciality bakery in pittsburgh and all of them failed to satisfy me....thats  until i tried Vanilla.I was a having a small soiree and i ordered a dozen cupcakes from here. It was a last minute order but they were able to accommodate me. They had a range of flavours the usual (red velvet, vanilla chocolate) as well as some unique flavours (mango passion fruit, chocolate malted) and with a bit of notice they can pretty much bake any flavoured cupcake for you.   I thought the price was reasonable ($25 for the dozen) they also do mini cupcakes and jumbo size ones. The cupcakes were the perfect size. The cake was moist fresh and not heavy. The icing wasnt overwhelmingly sweet and it was also smooth and not too buttery or milky... In other words i didn't feel like a fat panda after consuming them. Pure perfection.Their customer service was amazing they even recommended some of their favourite flavours . I should mention that the soiree i was talking about mostly consisted of my BF's guy friends and they loved the cupcakes no left overs!!! The hits were the red velvet and the peanut butter chocolate.  The store is also really pretty and cute very High tea!!!.
<review# 527,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/9/2011,2/14/2012,152,84,1,5,3>I started going to GFC Wellness Center back in April of this year. I was looking for a different approach to chiropractic care and wanted to try a more natural approach to my health care. Dr. Josh is a fantastic Doctor, very knowledgeable and informative about what's going on with any problem areas. He has helped me straighten my posture with continual care, and convinced me that I don't have to wear high heels EVERY day of the week! He uses an adjustment instrument vs. manual adjusting and it has yielded faster results for me personally. I also see Dr. Vanessa for my allergies. She practices NAET and is one of the only doctors in the area that is certified in this. It is a natural allergy elimination technique which has been really helpful! They also offer an Infrared Sauna, which is great for detox and relaxation. Give them a call today and let them know "Lauren N. from Yelp.com" referred you for more information!
<review# 528,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/30/2012,2/13/2012,75,52,,10,4>This place is delicious!Definitely make a reservation. I was skeptical when the hostess recommended making a reservation for a Tuesday night, but I'm so glad we did. The restaurant was packed! Granted, the place is small, but business was definitely booming. My husband and I ordered the chicken satay as an appetizer and the red curry and pad thai as our entrees. All of it was amazing. Loved the sauce that came with the chicken satay. I ordered my curry mild (level 3 on the spiciness scale) and it was perfect. I've noticed other people have mentioned the dishes weren't spicy enough - I guess I'm just a woos! My husband's pad thai was also tasty, probably some of the best pad thai I've had! Our server was attentive and friendly. They were the only server for the entire restaurant, but I never felt like we got lost in the crowd. My only complaint was not at the restaurant itself, but at my husband, haha! He forgot that it was BYOB and so we were left sipping on water. I don't think we'll forget a bottle of wine next time though! This place also does take out, which I'm sure we'll take advantage of one of these days.
<review# 529,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/8/2012,4/28/2013,74,140,2,4,2>This place is in the Mt Washington neighborhood walking distance from some of the nice viewpoints.  Went there with some friends for brunch and I wasn't expecting a whole lot for $14 but the spread for that deal was amazing!  The unlimited buffet included an omelet station, a smoked salmon plate, eggs, meat, waffles, fruit, etc.  AND it came with a free drink (alcoholic or nonalcoholic) of your choice.  I had a bloody mary, which was made well.  The servers were also very attentive and the omelet chef was very friendly.  I want to go back for their happy hour special that includes a basket of bacon, which sounds amazing.  Atmosphere was also nice cozy and looks like the have an outdoor area that would be open when the weather is good.
<review# 530,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/9/2013,4/27/2013,11,45,3,6,5>At the risk of sounding repetitive, the main allure of this place is the soup dumplings (XLBs) finally making their entrance on the Pittsburgh food scene.  They came out steaming and piping hot - 2 flavors to choose from (pork or pork and crab.)  The homemade, hand-stretched noodles were also excellent and chewy and doughy (with pork sauce on top.)  The ambiance was also very nice with noodle-themed wall decor.  Half of the diners get to watch a good view of the kitchen show, the other half are not so lucky.  Be prepared to hear the details of conversations all around you though.So, if you've been longing to get XLBs in Pittsburgh, go here, and if you have no idea what those are, go here and find out!  Either way you're good!
<review# 531,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/30/2013,4/26/2013,757,406,6,11,10>After eating here I felt like I had hit the jackpot.  I had wanted so badly to try Las Palmas tacos but with the public bus service being what it is today Las Palmas in Brookline was out of my reach. The hour bus ride there and back I could not commit to. Then I found out there is  a location in Oakland and after class today I walked from Fifth Ave to Atwood to finally have my tacos!!! Las Palmas tacos are filled with 3 times as much meat then what I've been served at Taco Bell, Qdobe and Chipotle.  I am sending a warning to those cooperate chains you've got some competition in Las Palmas. I knew going into this the tacos would be big so I played it safe and got two. One chorizo and one steak and onions. The Chorizo may have been a tad dry but all is forgiven for the price of $2.00 dollars.
<review# 532,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/9/2013,4/25/2013,9,36,6,6,5>I went here with my S.O. this past weekend because I not only love the concept (become culturally and politically aware!), but I love the idea of being able to try new cuisines that I probably wouldn't otherwise. The new location is much more accessible, although it is cash only which is a tad inconvenient in this day and age. Right now, the restaurant has manifested itself a Kubideh Kitchen, which serves Iranian cuisine. We wanted to order the walnut-pomegranate chicken, but were told that it wouldn't be ready for another hour, so instead, we ordered some sort of herby-egg fritatta wrapped in a pita-like bread (sorry, I don't recall any of the exact meal names/terminology!), a "stew" with rice and vegetables, and an orange/simple syrup concoction that tasted like liquified creamsicle! While I was surprised that the stew had no liquid, it was amazingly tasty nonetheless. I also ended up eating most of my S.O.'s fritatta; I had never tasted such a delicious combination of textures and tastes! I can't wait to return and try more things from this particular menu before it changes.The service was great; whoever it was that served us let us know how to pronounce the menu items and told us what they were. Prices are reasonable (might seem a bit high to some based on the serving size, considering most of us are used to "America" sized portions...), but it was just enough food to feel content. Well, I actually did want more, but stuffing yourself isn't really a good thing. For those with kids, they also have a kids menu. There is also outdoor seating available, so make sure you head on over here sometime this summer, enjoy the weather, and some truly fantastic food!
<review# 533,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/2/2013,4/24/2013,113,141,5,6,7>New How Lee rules. Since I don't eat Baby Boomer Chinese food (Sweet and Sour pork eaters, I'm talking to you) this review is totally separate from their "not chinese" menu. I only eat from the Szechaun menuIs it "phoenominal" chinese cuisine? Hard to say. I think overall it is great; but this is coming from a Pittsburgh-centric view on Chinese food. You will have better Chinese food in China (obv) and I guess I've had better...but consistency is worth noting at New How Lee.  Try the potatoes and green chiles, and if you ask nicely you can have these dishes made with a tofu substitute, though it isn't advertised. They also get Tiger Peppers, which are extremely hot (or tolerably hot..season dependent) and spicy food eaters would relish in the chance to eat these. They are intensely enjoyable.I saw another review representing China Star on McKnight and I'd agree it is an excellent place but it's a tough call overall-saying one is entirely better than the other isn't something I'd stake money on at this point. Though the China Star menu is formidable, I wouldn't call NHL's (just figured out that acronym...) menu weak by any means. You can get a hot pot oil styled fish platter that will throw you off; t permeates with Szechuan peppercorn and is absolutely coated in grease. However, spooning it out onto rice gives the intended result and Í'd dare a true food enthusiast not to enjoy it. There are food options/styles here that aren't seen in 90% of PGH Chinese restaurants and I think that percentage is a low estimate.What once was a cliche Chino'merican establishment has genuinely changed...just don't look at the "normal" menu.
<review# 534,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/5/2012,4/23/2013,66,239,4,8,5>Fun fact: Dependable Drive-In is open year round! Is anyone else as surprised as I am? Actually, now that I think about it, it kind of makes sense, because movies at a drive-in can't be viewed until the sun goes down, which means you can watch your movies sooner during the fall and winter. I mean, I've always had fun when I've made the trip out here, but the catch is that I need to be ready to drive home around 1 or 2 AM during the summer.But I digress. This is definitely one of my favorite things in Pittsburgh, and I'm extremely glad we still have a drive-in. Going to one of these is a really fun experience. This drive-in has four screens and usually plays two, maybe three movies in one session on each screen. You just park your car and get to spend an evening with friends or family, eating food and talking in your car, and possibly sitting on blankets picnic-style while watching your movies. (This last option depends entirely on how busy the drive-in is and whether or not you can find a place to sit where you can see the screen as opposed to the back of a line of parked cars. Also, weather is always an important factor!)The pricing for tickets here is super reasonable; one ticket gets you two movies, so it's literally a two-for-one when compared to regular theaters. The catch is that usually, a bad movie ends up being paired with a good one. It's VERY rarely that I see a screen playing two movies I actually want to see. And no, you can't drive between screens; you pick a screen, park in the lot in front of it, and stay there until you go home. (Because of this, I will never forgive myself for missing the week where the newest Batman movie AND "The Avengers" were playing together. Most. Epic. Pairing. Ever.)And if you get hungry, just hit the snack bar - it's far more varied than an average theater concession stand and really isn't too bad in terms of quality. Not great, but not bad!A quick word of advice: if you have an older car, bring jumper cables or one of those portable battery chargers, just in case. The way a drive-in works is you turn on your car radio to a set station to hear the movie audio; in the past, I've had trouble getting my older cars to start after watching movies here, and getting stranded in one of those lots would not be the ideal way to end a night out.My final say? If anyone is brave enough to sit through some chilly weather, check this place out ASAP! But don't worry: if you'd rather stay indoors for a few months of hibernation, you can always go to see some summer blockbusters instead.
<review# 535,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/23/2013,4/22/2013,37,201,2,3,4>Totally incredible way to spend an afternoon with my family - these museums have it all! Since we have a family membership (which I highly recommend), we typically pop in for an hour or two at a time, focusing on different areas of the complex in Oakland every time we go. Our daughter seems to enjoy the dinosaurs the most, but she's also intrigued by the art collection! My favorite part is the Hall of Architecture, filled with many incredible casts of facades and sculptures. Just the fact that they have casts of the Venus de Milo and Nike of Samothrace is unbelieveable - I don't think that casting of these timeless works of art is even allowed anymore. Don't miss out on the basement kid's room, because it's full of hands-on activities for the young ones.We will definitely keep our membership current as the years go on - it's timeless, and always fun!
<review# 536,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/7/2013,4/21/2013,147,143,2,6,3>Stop reading this review and go to eat at Cure right now!Given that you're still reading, I'll give you the benefit of the doubt and assume Cure is closed for the night, so let me help you plan your attack for when they reopen their doors tomorrow.There is a lot of hype about Cure. Some would say that kind of hype is just from people trying to justify paying $30 for an entree. NOT SO. Cure is all that and an extra large Salumi plate on the side!  A beautiful painted copper ceiling balanced the rustic wooden beams decorating the walls and the hot wooden plates our meals were served on.  Besides the menus printed on torn paper, the friendly staff, and the giant stencil pig spray painted on the side of the building, cure is an entirely unpretentious affair.They cure all their own meats in house, which results in some of the most unique and intense flavors I've ever experienced.  Virtually every dish surprises, with low and high end fusions like pigs feet with lobster sauce and pig cheek and parsnip pie.  The steak and potatoes are the most well prepared you could find.  Yet, the wholly inventive daily specials did not end with the entrees!We finished with the amazing cheese plate, smoked goat cheese doughnut, and an impossibly indulgent yet fluffy dark chocolate souffle cake.  I feel genuinely lucky to have cure in our city.  I'll go back every chance I get!
<review# 537,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/18/2013,4/20/2013,101,91,4,9,5>Very rarely do I find a place that really blows me away.  For such a small place (with a small menu), I am pleasantly surprised to give The Smiling Moose (TSM) five stars. Most recently, I went to TSM with boy on a Thursday evening.  The bar was full, so we chose a table in the back.  A very friendly server came over, took our drink orders, and attempted to read us the specials.  I told him there was no need, as they were posted on a chalkboard right next to us.  I can't tell you how much I like this.  Because if you're like me, you have the attention span of a goldfish.  I feel awful making waitstaff repeat their daily offerings.  At TSM, specials are posted in at least two conspicuous places. Huzzah. I ordered the burger of the day which was served with muenster, grilled onions, and lemon aioli.  Boy chose the grilled strip steak sandwich with roasted tomatoes and horseradish mayo.  Our food was turned around quickly and I enjoyed one of the best burgers I've ever had in Pittsburgh.  It was perfectly cooked (medium), and all of the toppings complimented each other. Moreover, it was a nice "Goldilocks" portion.  Smaller than the offerings of Burgatory and Winghart's, TSM's burgers won't ever leave you feeling like a glutton. Boy really enjoyed his strip steak sandwich.  Both were served on Mancini's bread, which is always a big hit with me.  The one thing I dislike about many would-be great burgers is the soft, tasteless bun. Both our sandwiches were accompanied by the daily side of potato salad, which was very tasty. I have absolutely no complaints about The Smiling Moose.  Drinks are reasonably priced, the food is excellent, and servers are friendly. Definitely a must-try in Pittsburgh.
<review# 538,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/4/2013,4/19/2013,100,282,2,4,2>Due to getting married, moving, and other similar craziness, I hadn't had a haircut in more than 6 months and my hair was definitely starting to rebel!  So I took to yelp and found Dante Salon!Love love love my haircut by Haley!  The true test for a haircut is how the hair looks after a day and being left to the devices of me and my unprofessional hair styling...and I'm happy to say a day later, I'm reallly impressed by the layers that Haley cut!Since about 2007, my hair style has either been long, layered for volume. and angled in the front, long and digital permed, or chopped into an angled bob.  The angled bob is usually thrown in when I feel like my hair needs a fresh start and a rest from the digital perms.  Basically, I always say the same thing when I go to the hair stylist: "I just need the layers trimmed and my bangs trimmed."  But this time, the layers really came to life after Haley's trim and I'm loving the volume!She was also super great at asking me a lot of questions to get an accurate picture of what I wanted and to make sure I was onboard with each of the steps she was taking.  I'm so relieved to have found a salon in Pittsburgh!!  They seem to have lots of experienced stylists and it was pretty easy to get an appointment!  And although they don't have a parking lot, there's plenty of street parking!
<review# 539,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/20/2011,8/29/2011,23,147,,4,2>How have I not reviewed Salem's yet?  This place is great.  Falafel sandwiches are always good.  (Ask for hot sauce on it.  You won't be disappointed.)  All of the gyros and shawarma are very good except the chicken - tends to have too many chewy bits (i.e., gristle).  I've had their shish kebab once, and it was mouthwateringly delicious, and their appetizers are outstanding: baba ganoush, hummous, tabbouleh.  You can easily make a great picnic with a few of these.  (I've done it before.)The desserts are good, but nothing really special, for a Middle Eastern deli.  (Always a good selection, though.)Service is always friendly, but a little spotty on procedure.  Sometimes I feel like I'm being asked impatiently for my order when I'm obviously still deciding, and sometimes I feel like I stand there for a couple of minutes before someone helps me.  I feel guilty for being critical, though, because they are very friendly.Decor leaves a lot to be desired: just an enormous linoleum an drop-ceiling cavern with a few Steelers pictures on the wall.  (Bonus points for the garish, though colorful and friendly, murals on all of the exterior walls, though.)  Parking's a bonus, too: they have a small private lot that relieves the on-street parking, so they're one of the rare Strip denizens that doesn't require a parking space hunt.
<review# 540,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/23/2011,8/28/2011,297,472,7,8,8>Once upon a time, in a era before smart phones and Yelp, a man was reading his newspaper. It was a Thursday, and in that paper was the "weekender". In the weekender were articles, and those articles were called "restaurant reviews." On this particular Thursday, the man read a review of a new restaurant  outside of Pittsburgh called Bocktown Beer. The reviewer went on and on telling her readers how many beers were available at Bocktown. Then the reviewer went on and on about the mile high crabcakes at Bocktown. The man reading the review got in his car and headed to a far away land called "South Pointe." It was an evil land where they tore down God's trees and built a complex of stores, like the evil Walmart, and satanic McDonalds. Tucked away, behind all the evilness, behind all the crazy people going in and out of these evil houses of corporate greed was Bocktown Beer! The man was happy!He sat at the bar, looked around at all the beer bottles and ordered a bottle of great lakes IPA. He took a sip of this magical elixir and he was happy. The keeper of the inn presented the man with a menu, on this menu were items the man could order to eat. He saw the mile high crab cakes and told the keeper to bring him some. A little while layer, the women of the house returned with a plate with three wonderful crab cakes, they indeed were a mile high!The man was happy! He took a bite, and he noticed no filler inside the golden brown cakes the inn keeper had presented him. Just nice big pieces of crab, a bit of mayonnaise, and just enough panko to hold it together and form a nice crust. The man was happy!After the man finished his meal, the keeper of Bocktown presented him with a Bocktown church key, an Item he cherishes to this day, a t shirt, and an invitation to return anytime. The man paid his fare, bid his fond farewell to the lady and left. I will return to Bocktown the man said to himself, as he rode off into the sunset, he indeed was happy!The end.
<review# 541,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/5/2011,8/27/2011,91,67,3,9,5>Ahhh, Waffallonia! The stuff dreams are made of!I had eagerly been awaiting the opening of Waffallonia for months, as I had heard they would be serving liege-style waffles. Having seen several glowing reviews about them throughout several publications, they were certainly hyped up quite a bit before I finally went. I finally made it out for a mini "Squirrel Hill Day" (aka "Diabetes Day" - a trip that consisted of Rita's, Waffallonia, and bubble tea) and indulged myself in some incredible Belgian dessert waffles. Waffallonia certainly lived up to the hype! Their waffles are slightly crispy on the outside, as they have a caramelized exterior and a soft, warm interior. I got a waffle with Biscoff and whipped cream - both of which slowly melted into the crevices (and into my heart!) Seeing as this was the first time I'd ever had Biscoff spread, I was INSTANTLY HOOKED. To this day, I go to Waffallonia on a regular basis just to buy a jar of the stuff.Only setback is that it's REALLY tiny with very few seats. Then again, I kind of find that sort of thing cozy and urban. Don't worry - the prices are decent and it never gets too crowded.
<review# 542,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/28/2011,8/26/2011,100,138,2,4,2>Burgatory wins. That is all.Okay, okay, for the sake of good reviewing, I'll be more specific. We went to Burgatory at lunchtime on a Monday, and it was packed, especially for a place you can barely see from the parking lot. We waited about 20 minutes to be seated which was quite reasonable. The server was super friendly and helpful.I started with the onion rings, which were not my favorite part of the meal. They are HUGE, like genetically-modified huge. The batter was a bit too sweet in my opinion, so I suppose they were a bit too heavy for me. I also tried a salted pretzel milkshake, which was uh-may-zing, definitely large enough to share as well. My burger, well, it was good. It was great. I love the sheets where you can just check off every topping you want. The only problem is that every ingredient sounds delicious! I ended up with a peppercorn-rub beef burger. Now this is no wimpy rub - it's quite pungent and spicy. So don't try it if you only sorta kinda like pepper. I topped it with farmhouse cheddar, bacon, onion straws, lettuce, and tomato. Bacon was plentiful and crispy as is proper. Onion straws seemed house-made. The burger was cooked perfectly as I asked. The sweet potato chips they come with are great. In all this was definitely, hands-down, the best burger I've had in the area. I'm glad this place is kinda far from me, otherwise I'd be eating there all too frequently. Highly recommended.
<review# 543,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/30/2011,8/25/2011,116,36,7,11,7>Furnish isn't even four months old but it's already my favorite place to shop for furniture. I walk in there and immediately want every single thing I see. Should I get the $125 vintage writing desk complete with a space for my typewriter and a chalkboard drawer, or the hand painted bench ($115) that would make the editors of Real Simple drool when I put it in my entrance hall? I like these kinds of dilemmas.  Everything is one-of-a-kind because it's either vintage or the owner, Michelle, paints one of her designs on it (her style is an urban graffiti/filigree hybrid). You'd think this would make things insanely expensive but instead most prices are comparable to Ikea. I love and loathe that no two items are alike because if I don't snatch something the moment I see it, I know it'll be gone the next time I'm there (and I've been back every other weekend since I discovered it two months ago). On the bright side, no one else has my skull trio and I always get a lot of "Where did you get that?!"The owner nailed it when she described her style as "country-chic," which to me is different from shabby-chic (shabby-chic brings to mind yucky things like white wicker couches, pastel floral throw pillows and framed seashells). The store has HUGE chests of drawers with well-worn forest green paint, mason jars-cum-candle holders and cupboard doors covered in chalkboard that give it a country vibe. The chic part comes from stenciled Hunter S. Thompson quotes, pop-art paintings of Barack Obama, and blocky letters in bright red ($15-$30). As I was leaving I saw an orange folding chair that said "mastermind" on it and when I asked her how much she said she wasn't planning on selling it, paused, and said, "Twenty bucks." I was biking it that day, so she held it for me at the store until I could pick it up later that week.
<review# 544,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/13/2011,8/24/2011,192,893,,4,3>Came here for a quick lunch with my Mom, when we were both attending a conference on bipolar disorder at the Westin down the street.  I think the restaurant did not expect a whole bunch of conference attendees to randomly crash their lunch hour.  Service was slow, but our server was basically like "sorry, all these people came at once, I had no idea, we're doing the best we can."  I believe him.  I doubt their lunch service is normally bad or slow at all.  We had a lovely table on the sidewalk, in the shade, so I was happy to wait a little while.  He also brought the check out with our entrees, since he knew we were in a hurry, so that was helpful.I had the fish tacos, which I really enjoyed.  I was offered a side of "fries or fruit" and I picked fruit, which was the usual fruit-cup assortment of melons, pineapple, and grapes.  It was tasty and fresh but I would've liked more - like if you'd get a whole plateful of fries, can't you get a plateful of fruit?  But the tacos were really good - "fresh seasonal fish" as written on the menu - it was salmon and some tasty white fish on this occasion - with slaw, crema, and pico de gallo.  Most of the ingredients were locally sourced, according to the menu, and you could taste the freshness.  Big ups to the handmade tortillas - I suspect Reyna's made them - they were fantastic.  They did come with this really weird side of undressed greens -  maybe they were supposed to go in the tacos? - but there were a ton of them and I had no idea what to do with them.  Server brought me a little bowl of vinaigrette, at my request, so then they were turned into a nice salad.Great happy hour, and fresh, well-executed food.  Great people watching too!  Lunch prices are very reasonable.
<review# 545,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/24/2011,8/23/2011,27,88,3,6,5>I have to admit, I'm kind of lame because I wasn't aware of Lili until I read the Post Gazette article regarding it.It's in the middle of the up and coming (but don't tell the hipsters holed up there) Polish Hill and its bright red sign sticks out pleasantly amongst the drab row houses surrounding it.The inside is eclectic and interesting. Posed figures walk up walls and odd art gives you something cool to look at while you sip your coffee. Their lunch selection seems interesting enough that I made a mental note to come back and try it. Their posts on Facebook about their weekend brunches make me feel like I need to go back very very soon.The lattes we ordered were good, not great. I'm a bit spoiled with my close proximity to Tazza D'Oro, what can I say. My large latte came in a tall, glass drinking cup which I found kind of cool in an off-kilter way. Kinda like drinking wine out of chipped mugs while wearing flannel.The pineapple upside down cake I bought was gooey and delicious. All of their  other homemade baked goods looked killer as well.The barista behind the counter was bearded and all smiles and even brought out drinks to the table, something I didn't expect but turned out to be one of those little, warm things that make a place stand out.I definitely want to check out Lili again, even if it's a bit too far away to be my local haunt. I'm especially interested in their brunch and lunch selection.
<review# 546,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/12/2011,8/21/2011,31,40,2,6,7>I've only eaten here once so far, but I know for sure that I will be back. This place is definitely a hidden gem. Typically, I kinda hate places that have super-limited menus, because that often means they also have a pretentious vibe. A vibe that says, "We will only offer you 5 things, and you will eat them, and YOU WILL LIKE IT." However, Stagioni isn't that kinda place. Their menu is small and changes daily, but that's because they source local ingredients, and because the food really is that good. You will find something delectable on any given day. My boyfriend and I went for breakfast. I'd read Yelpers' reviews mentioning the French Press coffee, so naturally, we had to get that. It lived up to the hype. Our waitress pressed it right at our table, and the coffee was utter perfection -- rich, bold, and delicious. Their brunch menu had some items that fit the "unch" part of "brunch", but we went for the stuff that puts the "br" in "brunch", since it was 10am. I had the sausage, spicy potato hash, eggs, and toast, while my boyfriend had the same, only 'bacon' instead of sausage. They do note on the menu that the 'bacon' is actually prosciutto, just FYI. Our meals came out quickly. They don't fill a plate up with a large quantity of food, and that's because it's all such high quality, so there's nothing to make up for, as I quickly discovered after the first bite. The sausage was incredible -- a nice, handformed patty, perfectly spiced. The potato hash, by the way, is only spicy if you happen to put a pepper seed in your mouth, which I was careful not to, because I don't love spicy food. It was perfect potato hash, though -- every tiny cube was perfectly soft, never undercooked, and there was fresh, chiffonade basil ribbons throughout, which added kinda an unexpectedly delish touch, as well as slivers of sauteed red pepper. The eggs were over-easy, and they were delightful. It was obvious they were cooked in high quality olive oil, which lent a great flavor, and they were nicely seasoned with salt and pepper, too. There was a half a piece of thick-cut Italian bread as the 'toast', and it was really, really good. Initially, I was like, "That's it?" but, turns out, this was the perfect amount of food. We didn't leave feeling overly stuffed, or unbuttoning our pants, as often happens at many Pittsburgh eateries (not that I'm knockin' that!). Each element of the meal was just fantastic, and they all worked together to create an extremely satisfying breakfast. I will most definitely be back for dinner. I can't wait to see what else Stagioni has in store!
<review# 547,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/14/2011,8/20/2011,125,61,,3,2>Went to Park Bruges for brunch today with the family.  Got there at 11am when they opened and there was already a crowd gathering to get in.  The space is significantly more open than the claustrophobic cramped space of their sister restaurant Point Bruges.Everyone loved their food.  I had the tarte flambee with Parma ham, arugula, cheese, rosemary, and eggs served over a light, crisp flatbread.  The ham and Gruyere croquet and steak and eggs also received raving reviews from the table.  I had a bite of the kids' liege waffles with ginger blueberries on top and they were delicious.  All of the portions are BIG.  We didn't get the prix fixe (one dish, one side, and one alcoholic drink) and were still stuffed at the end.  Of course, we got an order of mussels to share which were delicious as always. Service was excellent.  Our servers were bright and friendly and our coffee was frequently refilled.Overall, the opening of Park Bruges is a wonderful thing to happen to Highland Park.  It gives you the chance to experience all of the excellent food and beer of Point Bruges without being uncomfortably crammed like sardines into a tiny space during the extraordinarily long wait for your table.I would give Park Bruges 5 stars if it were not for the unsightly and quite frankly ghettotastic vacant lot next door.  Park Bruges sits right next to an overgrown vacant lot that 2 buildings used to occupy (including the old Terry Villa who used to make the best Cheesesteaks in Pittsburgh).  The grass and weeds are so overgrown they're almost above your head.  I know that's not their property, but they should figure out who owns it and offer to cut the grass!
<review# 548,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/11/2011,8/19/2011,113,373,,3,4>Fantastic spot for an even or a quite cocktail.  They were swell to host the Yelp crew with a great drink menu and super attentive staff.I'd certainly recommend anything with the purred fruit in it (apple, any of them really)!
<review# 549,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/12/2011,2/1/2012,103,298,9,13,7>Aw, why all the hate for Wheel Deliver? Yes, it is expensive. Do you know why? It is because you are paying an independent company to call a restaurant that doesn't deliver, place your order for you, pick it up, and deliver it to your house. How would they be able to stay in business if they didn't charge a delivery fee or had no minimum order amount? For what they do, I think the prices are fair and advertised quite clearly on the website. They aren't trying to trick you into paying more than you think you're paying at all. If you think their delivery charge is too expensive--go pick up your food yourself, for Christ's sake!I think Wheel Deliver offers a pretty unique service in the area and although I can't afford to order through them all the time, nor am I lazy enough to order delivery all the time, I really appreciate what they do. They offer delivery for a good selection of restaurants--Abay, Thai Cuisine, Fuel & Fuddle, Ali Baba, Spice Island, Mad Mex, and others. Their service has always taken quicker than the estimated time for me, too (yes, it pretty much always is 45 minutes-60 minutes, but at least they are honest about it). I haven't had any problems with them at all.Tip: Sign up for their email list, they're constantly sending out coupon codes for $3 off your order.
<review# 550,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/8/2011,1/31/2012,24,53,5,3,3>For a moment I will need you to ignore my name. Okay good, now that you have ignored it, let's talk about how freaking awesome this place "Nicholas Coffee" is in Market Square. Yeah I know what you are thinking, "well you are just saying that because it's like your name" Wrong. You ignored my name as mentioned above so you know now there is no bias. Moving on. If you ever wanted really dive into coffee, please go here. For Pittsburgh it's basically the epicenter of caffeine. You walk in and can feel the roasted beans scurry up your nostrils to only have you feel delighted as you now bath in its smooth roasted goodness.The downside here is there is really nowhere to sit and it's really just meant as a place to stop in and leave as oppose to hang around. The upside is there is SO MUCH coffee to choose from. It will blow your freaking mind/ melt your brain. Whichever comes first.If you really love coffee, come here. Mediocre coffee drinkers beware.
<review# 551,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/1/2011,1/30/2012,138,226,,11,6>Super charming little consignment shop in Squirrel Hill. Everything in the store was obviously well cared for in it's previous home. Great lamps, rugs, artwork and furniture. They even had a groovy vintage shuffleboard table game. The owner was especially friendly and helpful.So why five stars? The business is currently sponsoring a child from Ethiopia to help pay for his food, education and medical bills so a portion of your purchase goes to this cause. As the business grows, they hope to help others as well. That's worth an extra star any day in my book. Get yourself some good furniture and a little bit of good karma to go along with it.
<review# 552,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/4/2011,1/29/2012,64,177,2,5,4>This is a genuine 5-Star establishment.  Quaint little shoppe where you can tell the employees are hard at work to make your experience a complete success.  From the very beginning I knew we were in for a treat ... the smells where fantastic!!The chicken sandwich I had was cooked to perfection, the cheese was excellent (I'm a dairy fanatic) and the veggies were warm enough to go along for the palate ride but still tasted fresh.  The right amount of chips were included, enough to provide a salty compliment to the mixture of tastes in the sandwich.They do have a large selection of drinks ... lamely I opted for a Diet Coke ... but mostly because I knew I'd be hitting the sweets later in the lunch hour.  I'm all about caloric planning, haha.  Rachel C loves loves loves their Chai, so I'll be trying that for breakfast in the near future.  Rachel's veggie wrap looked absolutely fantastic while Amy's ham sandwich looked quite scrumptious.On the way out I purchased some Strawberry Macaroons, Lemon Pound Cake, and Vanilla Bean cupcake.  The macaroons were SUPER sweet and tasty, if you're sugar-sensitive you might want to try something different but if you like your sweet they're definitely a must-try!  I'll have to report later on the other items since I haven't had a chance to dig in yet!
<review# 553,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/1/2011,1/28/2012,206,143,1,4,4>There's a hell of a lot to like about Point Brugge. First and foremost, I love that it looks and feels like a house. Some of my all-time favorite spots, Hungry Mother in Boston, Freeman's in NYC, are just re-purposed houses. Something about it is just reassuring and cozy.  The outdoor seating is perfect on a nice day (this wouldn't work on a busier street but it's ideal here).  On the food - while I think there are occasional misses, for the most part their offerings are on the mark. I really prefer the apps to the mains, and recommend just doing a couple of those. Favorites include the moules (obvious must-try...my choice is the red curry but I imagine most people prefer the white wine, and that's good too as long as you date-goers bring a stick of gum or some mints), hop devil shrimp (truly huge and they don't go overboard on breading), beer cheese soup, and crab cakes. The salads are fresh and non-boring.  If they cleared out all the tables and quit doing food, this would still be one of the best beer bars in the city.  They have several good draft choices at all times, and feature a solid bottle selection, understandably leaning towards Belgian breweries. If you've never tried Orval and they have it, I promise it's one of the most complex tasting beers ever, a timeless classic. My only major complaint would be the no-reservation thing. I wouldn't care that much except there's really nowhere to wait (and have a drink) in the vicinity. Given that, I'd like to be able to come and know there's a chance of getting in.
<review# 554,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/1/2011,1/27/2012,143,349,4,18,9>So I was walking around downtown wanting to find a place that does Shellac nails. I tried looking on Yelp to identify if any salons downtown offer it, but with no success. So off I went, and I stumbled upon Kenny's Nail Center/Salon. Apparently right now they are the only nail salon in downtown Pittsburgh that has shellac. At first, I passed it b/c I didn't see any bright flashing lights saying shellac, but then I did a double take b/c on the window there is a small poster advertising that they do shellac. So I went in to confirm that they do shellac and to get the costs - as some of you know it can be pricey. They did confirm they did shellac and that without a full manicure that the cost would be $25 (slight grooming and painting only). I'm not sure how much the manicure and shellac would cost, but I thought $25 was a good deal for getting a 3-week polish job. And from what I heard it usually costs $35-40 bucks a pop. They were very busy and asked if I could come later in the afternoon around 2:15 PM (I went there initially at 12:30 PM) and I said that was fine - luckily I have some flexibility with work. So around 2:00 I departed work to go back to Kenny's. It seemed even more crowded so I was worried that I'd be overlooked, but they asked what I was there for and I said shellac and they said, "oh yes, 2:15 sit down" and pointed towards a nail chair. So I sat down and was greeted by Kammy - she was super nice and did an awesome job. I get a bit worried about some of these nail places cause they can do a pretty crappy job, but Kammy took her time (although it was clear she was very busy and people were waiting to see her). She's the only one in the salon that does Shellac and she is there on Thurs., Fri, and Sat. So for my downtown working ladies (or men if you're in to that sort of thing) in the house - stop by and see Kammy to get a polish job that will be chip and smudge free for 3 weeks! My nails look aaaaawesome! I got the bright pink color - I think it's called tutti fruity! Oh and there was also a cute little girl that helped out after Kammy was essentially finished who put the oil on my cuticles and did the alcohol finishing step to make the nails all glossy. Be a star and make sure you tip her as well!
<review# 555,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/1/2012,1/26/2012,235,192,,6,2>I called here one day from work with the intent on trying it out and it was great![I cannot do my typical "Pros/Cons" type of review because we ordered take-out and I was not the "gopher" on this order.]The woman that I spoke to on the phone was very sweet and helpful and even was willing to fax us a menu for the day.She called me back and left me a message to inform me that they tried to fax and it wasn't working and also wanted to know if there was some other way to get it to us--how freaking nice was that?!?  :)Anyhow, we were able to pull up a menu from the "interwebz" and ordered from it with some help (again) from the staff on the phone.I ordered the Carrot & Ginger Risotto filled Portabella Mushroom with sautéed spinach and that came with a Mixed Greens Salad with "Craisons" and Balsamic Vinaigrette dressing.  It was very tasty!I have a friend who is a vegetarian who informed me that he and his GF go there often and they highly recommend the Mac & Cheese, apparently, its like no other!They are also large fans of the fresh mixed drinks that they'll whip up for you!(I'd loooove to give those a whirl!)  :DAdditionally, this friend informed me that they've spent a good deal of time discussing the restaurant with some of the workers and they go, daily, for fresh produce and their menu changes based on the freshest ingredients that they can obtain.So, today, the risotto may be Carrot and Ginger and tomorrow it might be something else--not bad, but if you're looking for a favorite, go for something safer like the Mac & Cheese.RECOMMENDATION:  That Risotto stuffed Portabella was great!!(Idea on Pricing?  2 order of the Risotta/Portabella and 1 Chili Bake w/ Salad was approx $35)
<review# 556,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/4/2012,1/25/2012,51,88,3,6,2>I feel like I need to toot the horn for auto shops because a good one is so hard to find. These guys are awesome. First of all, they're legit. I mean they seriously remind me of my dad, getting down and dirty under our Oldsmobile Cutlass Ciera to get it done. And there are plenty of yinz' n'at flying around to make me feel even more at home. I had my tail lamp busted by some unknown object falling from the sky (no joke ... impact is totally inexplicable, while it was parked in the PIT short-term lot). My car is new - so there are limited aftermarket parts available. So I called the dealership, and they told me they could get the tail lamp assembly for, and Pons quoted me less - oh, the travesty of dealership markups. Or, maybe Pons has access to the Santa Workshop of car parts - I don't ask questions. Even more, when I finally got over there to have the work done, they literally got the tail lamp, told me to hang out, and did the work on the spot. It is still in place, appears sturdy, and they advised me to not get a scratch touched up that I wanted to and told me to demand my detailer to take care of it ... I like free, quality advice. Long story short, these guys aren't in it to rip you off, they know what they're doing, and they seem like genuinely nice guys. 6 days ago I was rear-ended on the parkway (sorry to anyone stuck in traffic on 376-E on Dec 29, not my fault) and I have the option of going to a shop with an estimate or one of State Farm's shops, which Pons is not. I'm pretty sure I'll be taking the estimate papers over to Pons anyway.
<review# 557,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/1/2011,1/24/2012,81,73,4,7,2>There needs to be more BYOB's in Pittsburgh, just saying! There is something about going out for a long dinner with friends and finishing (3 big) bottles of wine that warms my antioxidant rich heart! I have tried to go here a couple times before but couldn't get a reservation.  There are soo many quaint restaurants like this in Philly and I miss them in the burgh (there is even an interactive BYOB map with the closest liquor stores listed). I went with a man-friend, and the waiter (Matt) was really patient with us because we were taking forever to order.  The menu was interesting but not too over the top so simple palettes aren't overwhelmed. Friendly, Cute, French, Cozy. Perfect. We started which the spinach dip. Delish. I ordered the scallops which was a smaller portion but hit the spot! My friend ordered the salmon which was also delicious. I had a bite of that and I might get that next time! I am going to be honest, We might have drank a huge bottle of wine during the meal and stayed to close.  We left smiling (with purple stained teeth) and full. Pro: Cozy, Outdoor seating (although it was closed), BYOB! BYOB! Delicious food, friendly service, good noise level, BYOB, open kitchenCon: Can be tough to get a res (but thats because its awesome), limited indoor seating, stem charge, cash onlyOverall: Check it out! Great date spot!
<review# 558,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/2/2011,1/23/2012,1891,388,5,9,8>A great place to get flowers. It was my wife's birthday and I wanted to get her some really nice roses. I didn't want to get her the cheap $5 roses that the downtown street vendors sell that die before you get them home and in water. I decided to give Oliver Flower Shop a try and I'm glad I did! I walked in and looked at all of the beautiful roses in the cooler and said to myself "Now this is more like it!" I was quickly greeted and asked for a dozen long stem roses. I picked six cream and six purple roses, (my wife's two favorite colors.) FTW! The shop owner arranged and wrapped them up beautifully. But here's the shocker, when I went to pay and asked how much I owed he said $10.95! These roses are absolutely beautiful and I would have paid at least $20 or even $30 for them! He said that they have a sign outside that says a dozen roses for $10.95. I totally missed the sign. I guess my wife is right. She's always telling me I need glasses. So I paid my $11.72 with tax and in 5 minutes I was on my way. F.Y.I. The roses are still alive as I type this.
<review# 559,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/18/2013,3/4/2013,330,1031,2,7,5>This museum is a must see when in Pittsburgh.  I am not sure what I waited until now to visit this museum, I can't believe what I have been missing.  Here are just a few of the exhibits that make Carnegie so special:The minerals and gems exhibit is quiet extensive.  We really enjoyed looking at the crystals and quartz.  Everything is well displayedDinosaurs in their Time is extraordinary.  We spent a lot of our time here, there is so much to see.Ancient Egypt is a fairly small display, but definitely a must see. I really like the Hall of the American Indians, although I was wished they had more information on more tribes.We visited for an afternoon.  But I would recommend a full day, there is so much to see.
<review# 560,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/3/2012,3/3/2013,50,170,2,4,3>This is officially my favorite Thai place in Pittsburgh - I can't believe it has taken me this long to write a review! Their menu is original, and there is not a bad item on it. Choosing an appetizer is a very tough decision, but my favorites are the Garden Rolls and the Curry Puffs. The entrees are also great - you cannot go wrong with any of the curries, and I also LOVE the Kao Soi. On my last visit, I also tried the coconut ice cream for the first time, and I must say - I didn't know what I was missing! I am not even a huge coconut fan, but this ice cream is to-die-for.They grow a lot (if not all) of their veggies in a garden behind the restaurant, and their patio is a unique getaway that makes you forget you are in Pittsburgh. It would be a great place for dates, as the patio could be quite romantic and it is BYOB (only $1 per person even if you bring multiple bottles!).
<review# 561,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/6/2012,3/2/2013,48,142,3,4,4>This place is amazing!  I have only been here since Commonplace took over, so I cannot comment on or compare to the old management, but I think they are doing just about everything right.Great coffee, excellent espresso based drinks and latte art to boot, a bright, modern, pleasant environment for chatting and/or working, and nice baristas.But the thing about this place that I literally daydream about, and that can occasionally drag me out of Lawrenceville (since I could easily roll down the block to Espresso A Mano anytime) and to Garfield....is the PASTRIES.  Holy cannoli they are INCREDIBLE! (although they aren't usually cannolis)  Drew's Pie Supply, your baked goods have some serious soul.  Can't wait to come here for pie day Friday!
<review# 562,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/16/2013,3/1/2013,1891,388,2,5,3>Wildwood is okay with me.Wildwood is a place that fits in between Chuck E. Cheese and Dave & Buster's. There's something to do for just about everyone ranging from a baby to an adult.They offer mini golf, laser tag, go karts, Kiddie City, a huge kiddie tubing area that the little kids love, Woody's Den, a  area similar to Kiddie Land at Kennywood, bumper boats, an arcade and snow tubing during the winter. All attractions are paid for with tickets. If a arcade machine is broken, just flag down an attendant to get your lost tokens back.Wildwood is a great place for a child's birthday party as they offer a ton of different styles of birthday rooms. The food is surprisingly good. They offer pizza, burgers, wraps, salads, hoagies and much more. They also offer different food and token specials. We usually get the $27.99 special. It includes a 16" pizza, a sampler platter, a pitcher of pop and 40 game tokens. It's more than enough food for a family of four.My three favorite attractions are the go karts, laser tag and mini golf . The go karts seat two people. I wish they were faster but, they're still fun. The laser tag arena is on the top of the building and is split between two teams, red and green. They have recently added smoke to the room so you can now see the lasers as you shoot them.The mini golf is split into two different 18 hole courses. Insider tip, skip the 18th hole on the first course and go to the other course. After you make your shot for the 18th hole it will keep your ball.Yes Wildwood is expensive but, it is also a lot of fun!
<review# 563,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/4/2012,2/28/2013,57,168,2,5,2>Barry and Evan are the best! Don't waste your time at that pompous Pittsburgh eye wear chain. These guys will make your glasses cheaper and faster, and the service here is unbeatable. I send everyone here, and no one has ever been disappointed. Sure, their shop doesn't look fancy and new, but they have great quality frames and lenses, and they carry many of the same brands and designers that you'll find in the up-scale shops.+ I left my glasses in a hotel room, and they had another pair ready for me the NEXT day.+ My husband called to cancel my eye doctor appointment because I had a migraine. The next time I saw Evan he asked me all about it, showing genuine concern. He remembered.+ I walked in there after over a year, and Barry recognized me right away. He even remembered some random details about me including some glasses that I was interested in.They take most major insurance carriers.They're affiliated with the ophthalmologist next door so if you need an eye exam, you can schedule with him. (He's great!) See listing for Zarky Rudavsky, O.D.
<review# 564,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/12/2012,2/27/2013,20,100,1,5,3>Went a few weeks ago for a date night.  They have an excellent selection of food for both meat lovers and vegetarians.  Their menu changes daily, though it looks like some of the dishes carry over from one day to the next.  I started with a charcuterie plate with several kinds of pate and steak tartare that was the highlight of my meal.  I think it was meant to be shared amongst several people but I ended up eating the whole thing myself...My main course was lamb kielbasa, which was also very good.  Nicely seasoned sausage with some kale and polenta as accompaniment.  The only reason I gave this restaurant 4/5 stars was the wine list.  The list is smaller and trying to be eclectic, but just comes off to me as lacking in options and value.  A lot of their menu could be easily paired with a Pinot Noir, and the only Oregon selection on the list was Four Graces, which doesn't crack my top 20 of Oregon pinot producers.  I wish they had a bit more variety in the wine department, but otherwise, an excellent restaurant.
<review# 565,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/16/2013,2/26/2013,70,148,1,14,4>The Strip District, Pittsburgh's home to most ethnic foods and fresh seafood, recently got a new neighbor - a restaurant serving up wood-fire grilled fare from Argentina. I am not familiar with Argentinian food, so I was eager to try it out when I heard about the place. The space is next to the 16th street bridge(Near Altar Bar), so the cold weather had prevented me from making the hike up, until there was a nice warm break and I was finally able to walk up.The space itself is minimal, imagine a pizza shop - 70% of the building is dedicated to the kitchen, the remaining 30% is left to standing room. There are about 3 countertops to eat at, but no stools. On the wall there is a menu, written in chalk, separated into about 4 sections: Small Plates, Hambre (Hungry), Salads, and Con Pan(Sandwiches). There are 4 types of condiments in jars in the middle of the restaurant which are there for your tasting pleasure: Chimichurri(Herbs, oil, lemon), Ajo(garlic), Cebolla(onion), and Pimenton(Roasted pepper). Gaucho also offers various ways to receive 10% off on different days. Wednesday, show your facial hair(doesn't have to be real, ladies) - Friday, show your fashion flare. So far I've had tastes of quite a bit of the menu - The Vegetales sandwich($7, I think), two steak sandwiches(Flank and ribeye, $10 lets you choose from any beef they offer), Shrimp(6/$13 - 'hambre menu'), Empanadas(Beef, onion, and hard boiled egg, 2/$3), Chorizo($5 - small plate menu), and a pollo sandwich($8). The empanadas were hands down the best that I've ever tasted(Which should be taken with a grain of salt), the steak is incredibly flavorful and juicy, the shrimp were very large, with a sprig of rosemary stuffed into the back of each one and a lemon that was charred on the grill as well. The chorizo was full of peppery flavor and just a little bit spicy, and the veggie sandwich was piled high with peppers, zuchinni, and asparagus(my friend ordered without portabello). You can also order two slices of oiled, grilled bread for $1. The bread here, a fresh ciabatta, is stunningly delicious, soft throughout and a crust that, while chewy, won't resist you as you bite into your sandwich. I highly recommend ordering the bread so you can try out all of the condiments. I'm a sucker for caramelized onions, so the cebolla is my favorite, but the ajo is a close second, with the others also being incredible. I've only gone around 1:00pm, and there is usually a short line, but I'm not sure how this place handles around dinner time, or during the lunch rush. I asked about catering and the chef said that one day they'll be able to. He also said that he dreams of doing a whole cow roast one day - a goal that I can wholeheartedly stand behind.Gaucho is a welcome addition, and I am sure I will find myself a regular here. If you work in the strip or downtown, block of some time and make the walk. If you don't, then drive down on the weekend or for dinner. Their website sums it up nicely, "Eat Gaucho."
<review# 566,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/19/2013,2/25/2013,181,458,2,2,2>Hey do I really need to review this place? Look at the previous reviews but I will let you know that they have a great lunch deal, the piccolo gusto menu. I highly recommend it because it is a heck of a deal and you can have tastes of a few different items so it pairs well with my self diagnosis of A.D.D. no offense to anyone who has A.D.D but it definitely kept my attention throughout my lunch experience. First off the service was excellent very attentive server who was really a foodie, which I really appreciated. She knew a heck of a lot about the seemingly simple dishes I had ordered. The Piccolo Forno allows for a choice of Salad or soup, a pasta or risotto, half sandwich. I went with a taste of the Pea Tendrils and Frisee Salad, while slightly complex to eat, it had a savory flavor from the light dressing and blue cheese crumbles, then I went with cauliflower risotto which was riculous. That is how you make risotto people. For the half samich I went with the half turkey. The turkey wasn't just a normal turkey slice from the deli counter this was actually very nicely trimmed meat off of a bird that was prepared in house and it was immediately noticeable. All this for $15 dollars, I'll take it....And I'll do it again many times over again. Come here for lunch sometime and check it for yourself.
<review# 567,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/20/2012,2/24/2013,7,69,3,3,3>This is a fantastic children's museum, that my kids have loved from the first time we we've gone.  They have many hands on activities for the kids and different rooms.  Some of our favorites:1) The Art Room where they can make paper, draw, paint and model with clay among other things.2) A Giant Climbing Sculpture3) The Maker room, which takes from the maker movement and allows the kids to sew or create electronics or build other things.4) The Garage, where they can play on a real car, construct out of woods and nuts and bolts, climb a net, slide down a slide and launch parachutes.5) The Water Room, where they can build damns and connect pipes and generally have fun with water and boats.6) The Exhibit room, which brings in local and national artists to create new things for the kids to play on and with.They also have puppet shows and it is an excellent place to have a children's birthday party.
<review# 568,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/19/2012,2/23/2013,65,218,,5,3>To start you should know I had seriously high expectations for this place. You should know this because I think your expectations definitely can alter your experience of a place. Having only been in Pittsburgh for about 5 months, I've had some okay, sushi, but nothing to write home about. But in following the social media around Fukuda, and having recently watched Jiro dreams of sushi (it's on netflix instant- watch it) I was really quite excited to try this place out. I knew it wasn't going to be cheap. I also did not care if it was cheap. I wanted good sushi. (Jiro charges $300 a plate to start for his excellent sushi) I got out of Fukuda for only 48 bucks (total for 2) and it was a bargain. You should also know that my expectations were met and exceeded. To start we had 2 skewers because they were out of the pork belly. (next time!) We didn't even really want the skewers we just ordered them to augment the meal. So imagine our surprise when they were totally awesome! The shiitake mushroom was delightful, savory, meaty even, and the chicken was even better. Then came our sushi rolls we ordered the salmon avocado, spicy tuna, and tuna avocado. Each roll was perfectly crafted-6 pieces with a impressive amount of fresh fish in each. The avocados were dead ripe. (I abhor an unripe avocado) The spicy tuna was so good that it transcended my recognition of spicy tuna  roll at any other sushi place. it was just.... better? tastier? awesome-er?Lastly came our takoyaki. Now I should sidebar and explain that I just moved here from Philly and around the corner from where I lived in Philly for a few years was a place that just made takoyaki and Japanese pizza. My friend who was visiting and I used to go to have these japanese balls all the time so we had some pretty high standards. Their version does not disappoint. You only get 3 which is only sad because it makes sharing hard, but otherwise they were perfect. Savory, and delightful. We almost ordered a second batch they were so great. At the end of the meal we were both full, delighted, and excited to return. It is safe to say that I will be back. Hopefully often. Just reliving this to write the review has made me want to go back (and I was only there last night...) Go try it I think you'll feel similarly.pro tip: they're BYO so you should get in on that.
<review# 569,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/8/2013,9/19/2013,39,80,1,2,2>When it comes to Pittsburgh, one thing we haven't really been able to perfect is the Tex Mex/Mex/South of the Border/Whatever you want to call it experience. I don't mean to knock Mad Mex, Emiliano's, Veracruz (RIP), Mi Ranchito, etc., etc.--sure, Las Palmas has a solid taco stand, and sure, Bea's in the South Side provides a nice experience, but something has always been missing...until now.El Burro caters to that deep longing that every burrito lover has yet doesn't know exists. El Burro makes Qdoba laughable, puts Chipotle to shame, and hits you smack in the face with what a real burrito should taste like. The guy who runs the place makes his own hot sauces, which are pretty dope. If you need hotter, he buys some pretty good hot sauces you can use, too. The carne asada French fries come loaded with everything you didn't know you wanted on French fries, and the chips are fresh and delicious.Now, it isn't the Mission or anything, but it's damn reminiscent. And if you don't want a pop with corn syrup, they also sell Mexican Coke (made with cane sugar for that real, rot-your-teeth-in-the-best-ways adventure).
<review# 570,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/4/2013,9/18/2013,65,218,,14,4>I didn't know that I needed a butcher. But I did know that I care where my meat comes from, and I also knew that while Whole Foods does offer some information about where their meat comes from, their prices were pushing it for me. This is where DJ's came into my life. He knows his meats, like every single thing he has in shop he can tell you what farm it's from and what kind of life the animal lived. I think that is just amazing AND his prices are super reasonable. Top everything off with the fact that DJ himself is very nice and always has recommendations if you aren't really sure what it is you want, and basically this place cannot get any better.I now do all my meat buying here and often egg buying and me and my budget are both very happy about it. I'd definitely recommend you check it out.
<review# 571,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/6/2013,9/17/2013,73,81,2,3,3>We were lucky enough to randomly be at Union Pig and Chicken on the night of Harvard and Highland's soft opening, so we've got a special little place in our hearts for it.  Situated above Union, it's a sweet open space with some damn fine views of the East End, which can fill you with wonder, or make you lament the human condition depending on what's going on outside.  Every drink you order here is (seemingly) lovingly crafted by the bartenders, and usually involves no less than 5 steps, one tool that I have never seen before, some type of herb or fruit that is unfamiliar, and a single novelty sized ice cube.  We went here for New Years this year, and they had an open bar, so I tried everything twice, then thought I was really good at karate, only to find out in the morning that I had grossly overestimated my skills.  My favorite drink is, by far, the Lew Brown, a delicious smokey blend of a bunch of things that I would never think to put together.  I'm fairly certain that you now have access to the Union menu, including the Rye and Jelly Jar list, so the sky is the limit as far as drink choices.  Now that the weather is warming up, I'm itching to head down here in the early evening and watch the sunset with a bunch of people.
<review# 572,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/11/2013,9/16/2013,90,67,2,3,2>YUM! We went here when we needed our Thai fix and were directed here as this was one of the better Thai places in Pitt. It was pretty delicious! Let me give you a tip: they are not afraid of spice. If you usually order hot and you ACTUALLY want it hot not, meh. hot but HOT then order it hot. However, if you want it less spicy I would go medium.We split a pad see ew (sp?) because we were having a big dinner later and it was delicious! The snap peas were fresh, the noodles weren't soggy, and the beef was yum. We also got a Thai iced tea which, as always, was delicious.Good little neighborhood Thai place!
<review# 573,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/29/2013,9/15/2013,11,45,,3,2>Delicious South Indian, all vegetarian food like none other I have found in Pittsburgh!  A little out of the way but well worth a visit.  Usually the place is full of families and other taste-seekers.Try the channa batura for an enormous puffy fried bread (aka "meteor bread.")  They also have nice dosas and interesting appetizer platters with lentil doughnuts and other fried spicy treats.  They also do a nice pulled Mysore coffee.  Interestingly, they don't ask how spicy you want your food....but usually there hasn't been a problem and I am pretty weak.
<review# 574,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/17/2013,9/14/2013,61,103,,3,2>When I want a taste of Key West, I now know where to go.  We stumbled across this gem in the strip.  The owner Jim has a great knowledge of cigars, and can point you in the right direction.  The atmosphere of this place is something I crave when I am on vacation.  When I told him that it reminded me of Key West, he replied that he used to live there, and It is his favorite place.  You can sure see it.  A great place to just sit back and meet some new people, or enjoy a cup of coffee.  I wasn't a huge fan of their espresso, but that isn't the reason you come here.  You come to get away from it all!
<review# 575,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/16/2013,9/13/2013,147,143,3,3,4>Prohibition speakeasy ambiance? Check.  Incredibly friendly, hip, knowledgeable, and helpful staff?  Check?  1920's hair, and outfits?  Check?  Interesting craft cocktails, and delicious reasonably priced food?  Check and check!  For an added treat, check out their tenderpgh website with a very fun retro stylized vibe.I had a great experience at Tender and I'd go back in a heart beat.  My only criticisms are, the food menu while tasty is pretty limited with less than a dozen options at the time of my writing this.  The portions are pretty small (think tapas bar tastes) though they are prized accordingly with most dishes between $5-$8.  I suspect Tender (Short for bartender) makes most of their money on the drinks, most are in the $10-$15 range, so 3 drinks will easily cost you over $40 with tip.  That's a bit rich for my blood, but I'm the first to admit these are not your everyday libations.  They use top shelf ingredients, and hand craft each drink fresh for you, including rare ingredients like rhubarb bitters, blood orange marmalade, and clove infused cucumbers.  They also support local PGH businesses with ingredients like Wigle Whiskey and Heinz Simply Ketchup, which as a long time burgher I love to see.I'd go back for the nibbles, service, and atmosphere any day, but I'd save the craft drinks for a deserving occasion.  i.e. Taste on Tuesdays, but save the sipping for special Saturday celebrations!
<review# 576,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/6/2013,9/12/2013,66,239,,2,3>Astounding! I had been here once before for a work event when I still worked in Wexford. At the time I had enjoyed some free and shall we say interesting samples - I had no idea this place makes a mean spicy marinara sauce. Still, while not a fan of hot items I liked what I tasted well enough to come back.Actually dining here was heavenly. They very kindly held our reservation even though we ran forty minutes late in traffic. The wine selection is massive, always a plus! And the menu has a nice diverse selection of entrees, pasta, and really good salads. Seriously, the chicken harvest salad was to die for. Everything tasted so fresh! Finally, during the main course my mother declared that the crab cakes here were divine, second only to fresh crab cakes from sea line restaurants.In case you couldn't guess, I will absolutely be back. Thank you for a perfect meal, Bella!
<review# 577,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/9/2013,9/11/2013,34,86,1,9,2>Super cute nail salon in Squirrel Hill--four of us stopped by last Saturday to get pedicures (walk-ins).  Lynn was the only nail technician there (and might be the only one who works there), but she was extremely courteous and dealt with each of us in turn.  Luckily there are amazing massage chairs (3 of them) that don't just vibrate--they actually knead your back. All of the equipment seemed very clean and she changed the covers on tools in between each of us, which I appreciated.  There's a good selection of colors (some OPI, some equivalent brands), and Lynn did a great job on our toes.  It did take a fair amount of time with 4 of us and so she offered us complimentary "accent" toe designs, and WOW, she can do amazing things.  Prices were reasonable ($23 for a regular pedi) and I definitely will return.  Also, she takes credit cards (YAY!).
<review# 578,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/6/2013,9/10/2013,84,118,,6,6>Sacré bleu!  La Gourmandine is so amazing, I'm going to have to use some fancy French words to do it justice.Who would have thought a bakery, much less a bakery in Central Larryville, may be one (if not THE) best in city?  I especially enjoy the Le Campagnard lunch special - 6 bucks and change for a delicious baguette with turkey and cheese, including a drink.  You can pay that amount and get bread baked in a toaster oven down the street at Jared's Sandwich Shop and wait in line for 25 min. to eat that delicacy, or pop on in to La Gourmandine for fresh French bread that will fill you up even better.Ah, always the pièce de résistance of my La Gourmandine experiences, the Marquise.  I love Crème Brulee, and this delicious (and LARGE) pastry combines that with crispy caramel and dark chocolate mouse.  It melts in my mouth.  The ladies that work at LG make me giggle when they ask if I'd like it placed in a box for later....I'm lucky if it makes it till I get home! Speaking of the LG ladies, the staff there is very friendly, even when dealing with large crowds.  The busiest times seem to be weekend mornings.  I never have a wait when I stop by during weekday lunch hours.A BIG merci beaucoup to La Gourmandine, a taste of Paris right here in our own Hipster Paradise.
<review# 579,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/21/2011,1/22/2012,290,116,4,5,4>Spaks is located near where I work so it has become a lunchtime favorite.I try to stay as healthy as possible when lunching throughout the week because I know that when the weekend hits I'll be taking down some calorie inflating meals.I first started ordering the salads. I would get the garden salad stocked full of tomato, cucumber, peppers, roasted chicken and an egg. Protein "loco" or "loca" cuz I'm a chick! The chicken is very tender and juicy, the egg when added to the salad is sunny side fried? A little strange but doable. Now the greens I have a problem with! Romain would make such a difference. They get the standard mixed greens but at times it can be pretty bitter. Too much "octopus" lettuce that is hard to chew. The last time I ordered the salad was greasy from the egg and I can't get it anymore.One of the reasons we order from Spaks is because the Dr. at  my practice is super strict about her diet and enjoys the vegan friendly choices. Faux pepperoni, cheese, wings, and seitan. I've tried them all and they are scrumptious! Now when we order I get the seitan melt. Not the salad option that I prefer but until I can get some Romain it will do. Ok it's better than "it will do" Soft buttery bread with all the veggie fixings I require. I think I just feel guilty because of the high carb count in the bread. The pizza is also well made, one of the best in Pitt. Of course the most outstanding item on the menu is the seitan wings, spicy and crunchy just how I like them!
<review# 580,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/2/2012,1/21/2012,2678,1419,29,20,17>After wandering about Pier 1 Imports for a spell trying to kill time waiting for NTB to get the Kaymobile up and running so we could finish our 4 hour journey East, I coaxed Kay to come into Moio's with me. Fellas, getting my girl to enter a bakery with me is like getting your girl to go to the strip club with you. A woman will often get jealous, insecure when her man is ogling naked nymphs. Kay becomes indignant when I leer at...pastries. Imagine how she felt when I walked out with nearly $20 worth of adulterous goodies and had the gall to eat some of them while traveling. What was even worse was the moment she caught me...with one of them...in bed. I didn't think we were going to go to Benton, so I stocked up. I had no choice but to take them with me. I mean, some of the sweet, sweet gimcracks needed to be chilled. There wasn't enough room in her grandparent's icebox, so...I quickly tried to eat the Mocha Mountain and the micro Fudge Pecan Pie before she...surprised me...in our guestroom. "Darren!!! HOW COULD YOU???"The crumbs were on the bed. The aluminum pan from the mini-pie was lying on the floor. The Mocha Mountain was halfway eaten. Infidelity, thy name is Moio's!Kay, however, is guilty as well for she partook of a Coconut Macaroon on the way over. I also purchased the err...*adjusts collar* "services" of a brownie and a few other tricks and treats whose names I have quickly forgotten, cheap pastries-of-the-evening that they were. I mean, how could I not? The mesdames behind the counter were so eager to help me find the illicitness I craved, making me feel comfortable with my lust. Peering through the glass, I found that the confections all looked so comely, mysterious, enticing, aglow under the bright lights. My will had become candy glass. Can my ladylove forgive my indiscretion?youtube.com/watch?v=yk9A
<review# 581,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/23/2011,1/20/2012,27,95,4,6,4>I have ordered take out from here several times and have been extremely pleased every time. They make a killer Ruben and an even better fish sandwich. On the side of the building there is a sign advertising a $1 fish sandwich. I asked them about this and much to my dismay they said that it was nothing more than a piece of nostalgia. Both sandwiches are huge and come accompanied by fries for around $8-10.I've come here to drink a handful of times and have always been pleased with the service. They have a long bar that greats you as you enter and a dining room off to the right which holds around 40-50 people. There are about 15-20 taps many of which advertised micro's. The only knock on this place is that allow smoking on the bar side, however with no real divider to prevent the smoke from wafting through the entire building the whole place smells like cigarettes They do have a deal on Monday's and Wednesdays, 10 free wings with the purchase of a drink from 8-10. The catch is that you have to tolerate the incredibly loud DJ they bring in. Give it a try, it's certainly one of the better options in West View.
<review# 582,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/8/2012,1/18/2012,8,8,2,6,4>Man, who knew waffles would be so big? Between Oh Yeah, The Waffle Shop a couple blocks down, and Waffallonia in Squirrel Hill you'd think there had been a mass immigration from Belgium. Out of the three of them though, I'll pick Oh Yeah every time. This is the perfect place to spend a quiet Saturday or Sunday morning with a friend or just a good book. The decor is quirky but not intrusive, the music is good but not loud, and the staff is friendly but not overeager. Plus the waffles are great and cheap as all getout. You can choose one of three batters for your waffle: buttermilk (my favorite), buckwheat, or vegan cinnamon. (Added bonus: the buckwheat and vegan batters are also gluten free. ) But once you've made that first basic choice, the universe just explodes with possibilities. Filling every inch of a gigantic blackboard is a list of dozens and dozens of ingredients you can get mixed into your waffle batter, everything from bacon to candy to magic. That's right, you can order magic waffles. Plus, you can top your mad creation with delicious ice cream. One of my favorite combos is a buttermilk waffle with brownie mix-in and Kahlua ice cream. So how cheap is "cheap as all getout"? A basic buttermilk waffle starts at just $3.50 with mix-ins adding either 50 cents or $1. A single mug of coffee is $1 or you can spring for a refillable mug for just $2. That's part of what makes this place so great to just hang out and read, study, or get some writing done. It's quiet, laid back, and $2 gets you endless caffeine.Be advised, they stopped taking credit cards a few months back, but that's not unusual for a small business. Plus, there's an ATM across the street and you're unlikely to spend more than $10 if you're on your own. Is this a nutritious breakfast that'll help you stick to your weight-loss goals? Heck no. Am I willing to overlook that for one of the best breakfasts in town? Oh yeah!
<review# 583,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/23/2011,1/17/2012,23,38,,5,2>Food: Piccolo Forno offers traditional Italian dishes, but it also offers numerous unique takes on Italian cuisine that seem both authentic yet new.  You can order lasagna or also get pasta dishes like you've never seen.  Both dishes we ordered were unlike anything we had tried at other Italian restaurants in Pittsburgh.  There are plenty options for vegetarians but also meat and seafood.  The soup was delicious and came with a giant roll in it, soaking up the soup.  The rotating desert options are multiple variations on the same theme (a bombe), which is basically a hard chocolate covered ice cream/cake ball shaped contraption (awesome), but they also have gelato/tiramisu.  The portions are large (enough to take home), and we were beyond full with soup, dinner, and desert.  The pizza is rumored to be good, and looked/smelled good, but we didn't try it.Price: The prices are surprisingly affordable, with no entree over $20.  Our entire check for two came in at under $55 (two soups, two entrees, one desert, two coffees), cheaper than some lower quality places in the city.  You get your money's worth in terms of food quality and quantity, no doubt.Drinks: BYOB.  Tables around us were drinking everything from bottles of wine, to bottled beer, to cans of Busch.  One table even had an entire bottle of Jack Daniels on the table they were passing around.Atmosphere: The seating is tight, with tables packed close together.  You have to tread carefully to get to the bathroom without tripping over another table or knocking someone's drink.  This also leads to a pretty loud dining experience, because the place is always packed.  The dining room is simply decorated and there's not an eye-sore to be found.  A bigger dining area would probably be an improvement (see below).  Service: They do not accept reservations for a table less than 5.  So for those with less than 5 in their party, you fight through the mass of people at the front door and get on the list.  There is always a list.  We were offered a 2+ hour wait for a table of four, two of our party backed out, and we still waited over 90 minutes for a table of two.  We have drove to Piccolo Forno in the past at least 3 times, learned of the wait time, and went somewhere else.  Your best bet is getting on the list, then going to a nearby bar for a few drinks.  But once you do get seated, the service is quick and friendly.  The menus, food, and drink refills come early and often, likely to get you out of your table and someone else in it.(+): Unique, delicious, and affordable take on Italian food with good service, if you can get a table(-): Thats a big "if", and booze and a bar would make the waiting less painfulWould I go back again? We'll at least try.
<review# 584,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/8/2011,1/16/2012,167,215,1,6,6>Neil and I had a great time last night on the 'Burgh Brew Tour with Molly's Trolleys. The tour started at 5pm at Penn Brewery, then proceeded to East End, Full Pint, and finally Boyd & Bair Vodka distillery.Penn Brewery was cool as usual. We got there a bit early to have a beer and chill at the bar. Happy hour was going on, so 2 pints of beer was $6-- score! The tour started, and our guide gave us a little history about the place in the courtyard. We went back inside and had 3 beer samples (about 8-10oz each), a pierogi and a soft pretzel. The pierogi was delish, and the Penn Dark was the best of the samples. We all hopped on the trolley, and made our way to East End. The trolley is super clean and nice, and we got to do beer samples and trivia on the drive to East End!East End Brewery is a small operation, and they're primarily a growler filling station. I'll write my review of them, but it's a pretty chill place with helpful, hipster staff.Full Pint Brewery is way out in North Versailles. They're a larger operation situated in a big warehouse. They had 6-8 beers on tap, which you could sample or get full pints (hey, a pun!) of. The Rye Imperial Stout, Perc E Bust, and All-In Amber were my favs. We were supposed to get a tour of the brewing facilities, but for unknown reasons, that never happened. We still had fun hanging out with other peeps on the tour and the locals hanging out.Finally, after a pretty long drive, we ended up at Boyd and Blair. B&B are the only vodka distillery in PA, and they run a pretty small operation with only 4 employees. Despite the size, they've been wildly successful, and it was easy to see why after sampling. They make potato vodka from scratch, and we got a tour of how each step is done. It was great to have at least one educational tour on the Trolley, and the owner did a fantastic job answering all of our questions. I'm definitely a fan! We all got back in the Trolley which dropped everyone back off at Penn Brewery.All in all, it was well worth the $75/person for the tour. It made for a great birthday present for my hubby, allowing us to meet new people, taste lots of beers, and be safe while sampling!
<review# 585,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/6/2012,1/15/2012,35,50,6,8,6>If I'm going to break New Year's resolutions I'm certainly glad I did it here.First off, I went on their first regular dinner service night.  Normally - I wouldn't write a review on that...I'm an understanding, forgiving person.  But really, service was awesome, and they are running like a well oiled machine.I've been on a no carb, no dairy, no sugar diet - so maybe anything ANYTHING I put in my mouth would be amazing - but I think this was better than that.  Our fun three-some started with the Salumi plate and the Cheese plate (technically a dessert - but shutttupp) I like when something is served with the description ... 'this is Justin's prosciutto" When I grow up I want to have something of mine introduced that way. {this is Megan's Powerpoint...doesn't have the same ring}I can't remember all the cheeses - but I LIKED them.  and they were served with prunes in brandy, honey, and some other stuff that rocked.In addition to the prosciutto were about 4-5 other rocking meats - pate de campaigner (my french is off), mortadella, and some other stuff.  All awesome.Then, THEN... The butternut squash soup.  Rarely am I impressed with presentation, but this delivered.All three of us ordered it....They brought three shallow bowls out - that did not contain soup.they included a link of goat sausage (grilled and sliced), a larger-than-a-dollop of goat cheese, fried kale, and maybe some fried garlic cloves.Then, THEN... they had a tea kettle filled with the soup that they poured over the previously mentioned deliciousness.  Wow. it was good. (the sausage may have been heavy on the lavender seasoning, but that is parallel to me saying Michelangelo was heavy handed on the sistine chapel)Then there were entrees. I'm going to assume these will probably change on a semi-regular basis, but what we had tonight was awesome.We were already full. And by this point the euphoria of dairy and carbs had worn off.But the 3 of us shared a Pork shoulder/pork cheek entree as well as a chicken entree.  Both were awesome.  I won't do them justice.  So beyond the food, it is a small restaurant - with about 6-8 tables and a bar at the kitchen.  It's cozy and welcoming.  It's byob.My friend thinks the lighting in the open kitchen is harsh - I think it makes the kitchen the star.   Go, you won't be disappointed.
<review# 586,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/13/2011,1/14/2012,183,180,1,8,4>Holy SMOKE!    First up in the list of wonderfulness to be experienced is the service.  I'd called ahead to check whether or not corn tortillas were available to accommodate my gluten issues. I was lucky enough to have my first opportunity to talk with Nelda, the wife half of the Smoke duo.  Nelda said she'd be happy to set some homemade ones aside from breakfast service for me....just let her know when I get there and she'd take care of everything.  And she did.  Warmly.  With Nelda's help, we built a couple of tacos without any gluten problems at all. The brisket.  Everything you've read here about the brisket is true.  THE BEST BRISKET IN THE CITY!!!  Mine came with avocado cream, pickled onions and fresno hot sauce instead of the porter bbq sauce (porter = beer = verbotten gluten).  I can't imagine anything being better than the smoky, creamy, spicy taco that was created.  I didn't stop there, I also had one of the new tacos...the Chicken, Apple, cheddar, smoked jalapeno mayo and house cured and smoked bacon taco!  Loved it.  It made my taste buds dance!  My husband really enjoyed the Philly taco....brisket, onions, hot peppers and a sharp white cheddar sauce.  I wasn't able to sample it, but he was a very happy camper!  He agreed it was the best brisket anywhere.  He enjoyed the mac and cheese while I enjoyed the apple jalapeno slaw...both measured up to the tacos....outstanding!  The horchata was sweet, spicy with cinnamon and delish....I think a shot of spiced rum would be an awesome addition.  And since SMOKE is byob, you could do that!  The hubby - as cautious as he is about new tastes - enjoyed his agua fresca - a strawberry version - quite well.  Again, maybe a shot of tequila would take it over the top?Our SMOKE break on way to Kennywood Christmas on Saturday evening. was one that will be repeated....often  We can't wait to go back and give everything on the menu a try.  Next time...breakfast at SMOKE!  One last thing...SMOKE has not only the best brisket in Pittsburgh, SMOKE has the BEST TACOS IN PITTSBURGH!!!!
<review# 587,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/18/2011,1/13/2012,89,150,,4,2>Beautiful venue that has been painstakingly cared for.  There isn't a single broken crystal, a light bulb out in the bathroom, or any threadbare carpet.  If you like late Victorian opera houses, you will love it.  I know I did.The ushers were helpful and nice.  It's clear these people really love the Hall, Pittsburgh, and their jobs.  I saw Louis CK.  I sat in the nose bleed seats and didn't mind at all.  The acoustics are great and seats were comfy.  I look forward to going to some other awesome show there in the future!
<review# 588,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/6/2012,1/12/2012,102,290,2,5,2>Oishii is a hidden gem in my book! It is hidden off of Forbes on Oakland but I even almost drove past the place as was distracted by the other lit restaurants. Super clean and vertically compact inside. Order on the first floor and can eat on the second. Oishii to me is all about business. I came in looking for an array of udon dishes but instead found a focus on bento, sushi and bowls. I settled on the bulgogi bento with an app of tempura. Tempura was crispy and not greasy accompanied by a light sauce. Bulgogi bento came with cold noodles, rice, bulgogi beef and mushroom and onion combo, something yellow and then dumplings. Also with some miso soup. I enjoyed the cold noodles and dumplings. Bulgogi was ok though I think I will come back for the spicy pork. What I like about Oishii is the price for all of this food - $7.50 for the bento and $7 for the tempura. Can't be beat for dinner. I'll be back to try other things.
<review# 589,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/27/2012,1/22/2013,60,584,3,8,3>I ate here a few Saturday nights ago with my girlfriend for dinner.  I have been coming here for the past five years or so, more often than not for their bubble tea and have only ever eaten here once before.  The inside of the restaurant is fairly small but not overly crowded which is nice.  On one side of the restaurant is an enclosed counter where you can order food to go or watch them make the bubble tea and the rest of the restaurant is made up of tables and chairs.For my dinner entrée I decided to have something a little different than my normal selections and went with the chicken and broccoli in a black pepper sauce.  Whenever the dish came out it looked exactly as I would have expected with some broccoli and chicken in a dark brown sauce that had visible pepper in it and side of rice.  The sauce was good but not nearly as spicy as I was expecting based upon the little chili pepper that was next to it on the menu.  It paired well with the chicken and broccoli and I ended up thoroughly enjoying my meal.  I especially enjoyed that my broccoli was cooked just right and was crispy instead of being overcooked and mushy.  My girlfriend also enjoyed her meal which was the eggplant in garlic sauce.  Her eggplant was also cooked nicely and the sauce was very similar to the one that I had except instead of the pepper it seemed to have a nice garlic flavor.  Before we left I also ordered a Large Green Lemon Bubble tea which I enjoyed on the way home.  They always seem to make it perfectly with a not too sweet flavor that goes well with the citrus and ample amounts of tapioca pearls at the bottom which get you through the entire drink.The bottom line for me is that I will definitely head back here in the future.  With how good my food tasted I can see myself coming here more often and not just because I love the bubble tea.
<review# 590,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/7/2012,1/21/2013,23,53,2,2,2>Note: This review is based on a single visit, but I'll certainly be back.Last week I had an overwhelming craving for gyros, but  I wanted to try somewhere new. I love M&Ts, don't get me wrong; I just felt I'd been letting Yelpers down with a lack of reviews, so off to Lesvos it was. (They're less than a block apart in the South Side, by the way.)I elected to get a ribeye gyro, since proper gyro meat isn't always my favorite. I know; shoot me. Some days I love it, some days I just want the tzatziki and tomatoes with some kind of charred meat flavor underneath. And that's exactly what I got. The friendly woman at the counter grilled up two thin ribeye steaks and slapped them on a piece of fluffy pita with lettuce, tomato, onion, and tons of tzatziki. Tons. Enough for me, and I'm a sauce addict. (Aside: Why is it so difficult to buy the pocketless fluffy pita at the supermarket?) I could have eaten two of the gyros, but my appetite is a little out of control lately, so I'd say one plus fries is good for the average bear.There wasn't a combo deal with the ribeye gyro (there is for both chicken and... gyro gyro), but I added an order of fries and was glad I did. These are fresh cut, and properly salted. I think they'd already been fried once and were re-dropped to finish (proper fries should be cooked twice). Not quite of the same caliber as, say, Patch fries, or even Five Guys, but for something I can grab on my lunch break? They're about the same as Southside Steaks' fries, for me.Took about five minutes to get my order, since it was made to order, and I was the only person there at 11am. Not bad. The inside has cafeteria-style booths and a television if you'd like to eat there. Also? Grape Fanta. Definitely cash only, though! Street parking at lunch is easy; at any other time, not so much.
<review# 591,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/5/2013,1/19/2013,95,245,3,5,2>I used to think Sephora was my "Happy Place," but that was until I went to Hough's.  Hough's is my happy place, and also you can't drink a beer at Sephora.So.Many.Beers!  At reasonable prices!!!  Every time I leave the Sharp Edge I feel like I've left the bulk of my personal wealth there.  Not at Hough's!  It's everything that's good about the Sharp Edge, and you're not going to go broke.I also really liked that the beer list was seperated by brewery, bc I am a beer snob.  Not a fan of Dogfish, but I do love my Troeg's.  I also really liked that on the back of the beer menu they offer descriptions of each of the different beers so you can sound like you know what the hell you are talking about when discussing the random beer you've just ordered.  "I like the fruity finish of this Kolsch.  I believe this brewery is from a small basement in a small upstate NewYork town you've never heard of!"Pro tip:  It's winter.  Order a black IPA or a Winter Warmer, don't order a Kolsch.  Ever.  They are just not good.My current favorite beer at Hough's is 21st Ammendment Fireside Chat.  Try it.  You'll love it.  Beer is my "thing" and I know what's up.  You'll like it, trust me.  I had a lot of beers.  They were good.  The waitress was knowledgeable, and according to my friend (a guy), she was also hot.  He appreciated that.The only thing I didn't like was the cold beer cheese dip.  There are certain foods I call, "Guy Foods."  Stuff guys love and chicks are grossed out by.  This was one of them, bc my friend ate the whole thing while I poked at it and said, "Is this just a block of cream cheese with shredded cheese mixed in?"  I'm pretty sure it was.  But my friend loved it.I'll def be back, and you should go there too!
<review# 592,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/10/2012,1/18/2013,45,195,2,5,3>Wow - this place blew me away! Like everyone has said previously the owners are REALLY friendly.  They provided a sampling of all their sauces so we could make an informed decision as to which sauce to put on our food.Now Vegans, listen up!  The owner is very vegan knowledgeable.  Not only did he tell us which sauces were vegan he also has a separate smoker for the tofu.  No worries about meat cross contamination.  My girlfriend let out a deep sign of relief without having to worry about how vegan conscientious the place was.  My gf had the vegan tofu wrap and with the first bite she was in shock over how good it was.  If you're a vegan and miss the smokey flavor then you really need to try the tofu here.  The texture is really good and the smokiness is in every single bite.  We also shared the black eyed peas.  Neither one of us had experienced black eyed peas before but we both couldn't stop raving about how flavorful they were.  Definitely the way to go with your side!I had the 1/4 slab ribs.  My only regret was not ordering the 1/2 slab.  So good!  Meat fell right off the bone and went great with the afterburner sauce.  Before we left we told the owner we would probably be back with a few days.  Thank goodness I finally found a BBQ place I love in Pittsburgh.
<review# 593,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/5/2012,1/17/2013,22,109,2,2,2>I have been wanting to try this place for a long time, and finally Burgatory came to Robinson.  We ordered burgers at the office today for lunch.  I had the aged Wyagu beef with a cracked peppercorn rub, egg, bacon, onion straws, cheese, all on a wheat bun.  Homemade chips are the side.  I asked for the burger to be rare and it came medium rare, but I'll let that go this time.  This is one damn good burger.  You won't be disappointed or hungry afterwards.  Actually I may need to take a nap.  We also ordered the Morty's Steakhouse burger and the Phat Patti's Veggie Burger.  No one was disappointed.  We will definately be ordering again and again.  We ordered our food to go at lunchtime and there was a line out the door to get in.
<review# 594,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/19/2012,1/16/2013,143,349,,6,3>Made our way over to this small but impressive wine bar.  We ordered the "wine on special" as well as cheese and meat plate.  From what I understand, they feature a wine for $5 every day and we thought, "why not".  It was red and it was delicious...unfortunately I can't remember the name.  The cheese and meat plate was great - more than enough for 3 people to share some light nibbles while sipping on wine.  They also have more than wine - like champagne, cocktails and beer - but I strongly suggest the wine.  Definitely want to check this place out again!
<review# 595,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/4/2013,1/15/2013,3076,78,16,31,24>Taipei Tokyo - These are cities in Taiwan and Japan being named here that giveaway and designate the style of food you are going to see in this restaurant in Monroeville. Taipei City is the capital of the Republic of China (Taiwan) and of course we all know Tokyo is the capital of Japan. In the US their location is situated in a nearby annex to the Monroeville Mall.Basically they are a pretty decent Chinese restaurant with a good business in Sushi.Eat In or Take Out. We have done both ways and both in and out are pretty good.  Also we have dined on Chinese and Sushi and both are good. The have a wide ranging menu with choices galore and the food is nicely presented and consistently good. For those inclined there is a full bar.Service here is very quick and friendly enough, but certainly efficient is the best word I would say.This restaurant is usually very busy, but not with too long of a wait. I think the wait is shorted by how fast and efficiently they get the food out to the tables who have ordered. There are a good number of booths, a number of 2 and 4 top tables and several large round tables for groups. I love round tables for groups. Very accommodating I would call it. Take out is very fast and is ready almost always before you can get there it pick it up. No reason to be shy to eat here, but no reason to travel any great distance either. But you might want to just to try it. If you are anywhere in the East, this restaurant will provide you a decent selection and quality of food. Price-wise they are very reasonable. So I'm saying based on service, price, selection and quality, this could be the best Chinese restaurant in Monroeville.
<review# 596,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/13/2012,1/14/2013,58,24,2,6,3>My sushi loving son and I were on our own on a Sunday night and decided to check out the new Katana Japanese. I'm glad we did.We only had sushi, so we'll have to come back to try that hibachi.We ordered a Manhattan Roll, a Pink Lady Roll, and a Phoenix Roll.Before our rolls were served, the chef offered us a small, complementary plate of tasty treats: four little rolls of peppered, seared tuna wrapped around a little tuft of seaweed. Delicious!Rolls were nicely sized and priced. We've been back, and had similarly tasty Udon soup as well. Still haven't tried hibachi though...
<review# 597,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/31/2012,1/13/2013,63,35,3,7,4>Leave your coronas, heinekens, and vodka/cranberries at the door- Harvard and Highland is here to entertain your tastebuds. Harvard and Highland is a bright star in my East Liberty world and is a great bar with wonderful craft cocktails that will match your mood. The menu is diverse and each carry unique tastes. They also get plus points for their creative cocktail names (my fave is S.S. Awesomepants!)I love the space, though it can get pretty loud when the bar's bustling with action (I suspect it's because there are few textile pieces to absorb the sound). The bartenders are attentive and while they have a demanding job description, they have an uncanny talent with keeping tabs on who doesn't need a drink, who is new, and who needs a little patter to decide on a drink.When I walked in for the first time, I had no idea what I wanted to ask for, since the cocktails are deconstructed with ingredients and leave a lot of imagination as to what the final result may look like. Don't be afraid to have a conversation with your bartender to decide on your next drink! I trusted my bartender and let her know what kind of drinks I liked (I usually drink blah blah blah and I'm in the mood for something refreshing/spicy/with a kick please!) She was able to make recommendations based on that  and gave me the High Line (I think that's what it was..but it was on the chalkboard) which I must say was pretty refreshing.I can't wait to come back and taste what else Harvard and Highland has in store for us!
<review# 598,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/10/2012,1/12/2013,48,74,2,3,2>We ventured out to Highland Park to try E2, and I was so excited to try this place!  Previous visitors questioned the staff, but the hostess and waiters we encountered were absolutely lovely- no attitude there!  E2 doesn't take reservations, but on a Friday night at 730, we only waited for 30 minutes before being seated.  We were able to crack open the bottle of wine we brought at the downstairs "bar" while we waited, so the 30 minutes certainly went by quickly.  We started with the grilled proscuitto, stuffed with mozzarella and garnished with a fresh tomato sauce and parsley.  Although I loved the crispy smokey flavor, there wasn't nearly enough tomato sauce (for my taste) to cut the saltiness (-1).  The parsley garnish was a fresh and unexpected addition to these very traditional Italian flavors (+1), but not enough to save the dish for me.  We then moved on to the campanelle (with corn and pancetta) and one of the evening's specials, the gemelli (with fresh greens, pancetta, and sausage).  Both pasta dishes were actually absolutely delicious.  The homemade sausage, flavored with fennel and grilled to a crispy perfection, along with the greens, added a great textural dimension to the dish.  (And who doesn't love bacon or pancetta in their pasta?)  The pasta itself was wonderfully cooked (aldente) and the serving size was definitely enough for 2 meals! We'll definitely be back.
<review# 599,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/7/2012,3/28/2013,23,53,2,3,2>We recently moved further north and discovered that Empire Palace is now our nearest Chinese restaurant. I couldn't be more pleased. So far we've eaten in once and gotten delivery once, and both experiences were great.First, the atmosphere: We ate in the restaurant fairly early on a Sunday evening. They were surprisingly busy, but service was efficient and friendly (though I wouldn't have minded faster refills on my water). The interior is comfortable, and we felt relaxed and enjoyed our meal.Delivery, when I ordered for weekday lunch, was astonishingly fast; 20 minutes, I think, and the food arrived fresh and hot. The woman who took my order on the phone was helpful and repeated my order to make sure it was correct (I always appreciate this), AND they sent plasticware, chopsticks, and sauces. It's a pet peeve of mine when restaurants don't send any accoutrements with your delivery order.So, the food! On our first visit, we ordered a California Roll (look, my sushi allowances are limited these days), Amazing Chicken, and Bride & Groom, along with wonton soup. The soup's broth had a good depth of flavor and was accented by scallions, although the wontons were lackluster. The California roll was excellent, with not-cold rice, fresh avocado, and toasted nori.Amazing Chicken turned out to be, well, amazing; lightly breaded and fried and served with plenty of garlicky, slightly spicy, sweet sauce. "Authentic," whatever that means anymore? Well, no. It did remind me of a Chinese home cooking recipe for honey garlic pork chops, though, and it was really excellent. Both my husband and I agreed we'd have this again. Made some really good leftovers, too.The Bride & Groom was reasonably tasty, although I only tried a small piece of both the beef and the chicken. The beef had a musky, beefy flavor to it that doesn't appeal to me right now, but my husband enjoyed it.For delivery, we ordered Lemon Chicken, General Tso's Shrimp, more wonton soup, and an eggroll.The Lemon Chicken did not thrill either of us, being breaded with breadcrumbs (yuck) and with a sauce that tasted a bit like cough drops. Not a favorite.The General Tso's Shrimp, though, was quite good, with plenty of large shrimp even in the lunch portion. I'd have liked it to have been a little spicier, but I will request that next time. It also featured mushrooms, peppers, and snow peas.The eggroll was good, if not great. Oh, and in all cases, the steamed rice was perfect. Just sticky enough; not too soggy, and not crunchy. That's important.Overall, I'm extremely happy having Empire Palace as "our" Chinese restaurant. I can't wait to try some of the dim sum, particularly the turnip cake, which has always been a favorite.
<review# 600,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/4/2013,3/27/2013,16,116,2,4,4>Updated Review.In the past review I had only ordered their sandwiches and calzones, which were really good and will be talked about.  However I finally got around to ordering their pizza which has been named best pizza in some category.  I will start by saying that I really enjoy big floppy slices with not a lot of sauce and good toppings.  Center Ave gave me just what I wanted.  A New York style pizza for a good price.  The crust was cooked well and had enough crunch.  The sauce was good and did not overpower the toppings like some pizza joints.  I really enjoyed the pizza and now see myself not waiting so long to get again.Here's the portion of my last review that addresses their sandwiches.  The fish sandwich was large, crisp, good flavor, and not soggy.  Not the greatest, but definitely worth it.  The Pittsburgh sandwich, think Primanti's, was better than the original.  More meat, not as soggy and messy, and full of flavor.  I must warn though that they charge quite a bit for delivery so if you want to save, pick it up!I can't give Center Ave 5 stars because while the pizza is very good and the sandwiches are good to very good, nothing is great.  That being said it's definitely worth a try.
<review# 601,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/3/2012,3/26/2013,48,74,3,3,3>Delicious! On these cold winter nights, nothing's better than warm pasta and excellent wine, and Girasole offers both.  As many have mentioned before, the restaurant is really small (think twice about coming without a reserve on a weekend!).  The tables are closely packed, and much like communal seating, you'll become quickly aquainted with your neighboring diners :) That being said, the intimate ambience also gives it a romantic vibe, and while you enjoy the deliciousness that will be served to you, you will soon forget about the close quarters.  We tried the pumpkin ravioli (creamy, semi sweet and salty with a hint of sage) and the polenta (baked with escarole and mozzarella), and paired it with the San Calisto Montepulciano.  I am absolutely in love with the vinaigrette that sits atop their house salad- question for the owners, do you bottle and sell the dressing?! I will definitely be coming back!
<review# 602,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/2/2013,3/25/2013,65,131,3,6,3>I'm not sure why it took me so long to eat here. I've walked past Spice Island for years but never went in. Maybe its because it's surrounded by ramshackle student housing on Atwood street, but honestly don't judge by the exterior.Inside is warm and inviting with low lighting and intimate tables. For drinks, there is a limited wine and beer list and also house specialty cocktails. The cocktails intrigued me the most so I went with the Gin Gin Mule (6.50) and wasn't disappointed.The menu is extensive. Both my date and I went with noodle dishes. I went with the Singapore Rice Noodles while she ordered the "famous" Pad Thai. Both hit the mark and the Pad Thai lived up to its hype. The Singapore Noodles could have been a little spicier but the friendly waitstaff brought out hot sauce which helped with the spice level.For appetizers we went with the vegetable spring roll and the deep fried hard boiled egg. The rolls didn't stand out any more than other places around town, but the fried egg was intriguing. If you like hard boiled eggs I would recommend this variation. For a couple drinks, apps, and two entrees the bill was somewhere between 50 and 60 dollars.
<review# 603,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/3/2012,3/24/2013,48,120,3,7,6>This place is amazing. Them make their own Corn Beef, Pastrami, Roast Beef....you name it they make it fresh in house. Even the bread the sandwiches are on is made in house. The owner is great and is all about making their customers happy. Get the LevelUp app for iphone and android and save $5 on your first purchase when you use the app, and you don't have to worry about the $10 minium card charge, or having cash. This place is legit and worth the money for the quality sandwich they put out. My family came into town and we were force to go back and get another sandwich because my family was so impressed.Oh yeah I forgot their Perogies are the best in Pittsburgh and have been voted so to prove it.
<review# 604,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/23/2012,3/23/2013,2678,1419,20,22,21>If you love your sister as much as I do, you'll get her a German Chocolate Cake for her birthday from Potomac Bakery. Its chocolate buttercream icing was richer than finding out that your jerk of a co-worker has just been fired, the cake itself was so moist it glistened in the light, and the candied crumbled nuts that surrounded the cake accentuated it beautifully like a sort of granola, combining with the crisp, creamy coconut filling to create a texture that was at once plush and crackling. 'Twas the zenith of German Chocolate Cakes. Happy Birthday, sis.
<review# 605,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/11/2012,3/22/2013,39,148,2,5,2>I am surprised no one has reviewed Dr. Strcula yet! I am ashamed to say that up until going to Dr. Strcula I was afraid of the dentist. He was very helpful in getting me over my fear.  Throughout my first appointment he was very open and honest explaining everything that he was doing and not asking me questions I couldn't answer when his hands were in my mouth (I hate that). He also does his own cleanings and even asks the patient to take responsibility for suctioning their mouth, which I liked because it gave me a job to focus on rather than worry about what was happening in my mouth.  After the initial cleaning and xrays I had to get two cavities filled.  Scheduling and rescheduling appointments is simple and made the process of getting back to the dentist easy!Overall if you are looking for a dentist who will listen to you and help you through your fear Dr. Strcula is the person to go to!
<review# 606,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/4/2013,3/21/2013,83,117,2,6,2>This place is pretty close to a 5 for me because they tried so hard to make it a great experience for me, but some things just didn't fall into place.To preface this, I was with a party of 10 for an engagement dinner party type of thing and decided on going to this restaurant because I hadn't tried it before and they were willing to accommodate for a large party on short notice.The interior space has a good feel since its an open space with wide open seating and an extra cozier bar area upstairs which is where we were seated. That was a nice touch that they made it private but, the heat was turned up and it very hard to bear. We asked for them about it and they tried to turn the heat down and also bring a couple fans upstairs. They're going to need to look to fix this problem if they want to actually use this bar area in the winter.We ordered 3 appetizers: Crab cakes, calamari and garlic sauteed shrimp they were all pretty standard and yummy but a big bonus was when Luke Wholey brought out a seared ahi tuna platter on the house that was delicious. We all had various entrees and sides but some highlights include the Lobster Bisque, the Maple Whiskey Glazed Shrimp/Scallops and the Blue Crab stuffed Salmon. Everything tasted delicious and would've been a meal worthy of a 5.However there were some logistical issues that they need to figure out. After we ordered, we waited probably 30-40 min for all the food to come out. That wasn't that unreasonable since we had 10 people, but what wasn't so great was that they somehow dropped 2 orders so those came closer to 50 min and 2 of the orders weren't completely correct. They made up for it by comping both late entrees and after someone in the party let them know it was an engagement party we also had a champagne toast on the house.All in all, I enjoyed the food very much and as a fan of seafood you should definitely come. I think this place will be a successful restaurant to come as it gets more experienced with dealing with different situations such as big groups.
<review# 607,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/29/2012,3/20/2013,8,73,2,2,2>Obsessed.  I mean they were already the best hot dogs I'd had in the burgh, or ever, particularly the craving inducing Kim-Chi Dog.  But now, they have TACOS.  And it's all over.  I have to start running there, like the long way, because I've now tried all of them and I want them for every meal.  My fave is the duck confit, brussels, apple mustard taco, so ridiculously good.  You haven't lived til you tried it.  They may seem pricey, but the ingredients are top notch so it's worth and man, you really only need one taco per meal, especially if you're getting the french fries.  My only complaint is: no milkshake or sweet stuff.  Milkshakes and malts would make this a one stop shop for my favorite kind of indulgence and I know Kevin Sousa would really bring these home with interesting combos.  My suggestion would be that they wouldn't be huge, but equally packed with flavor and quality.
<review# 608,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/28/2012,3/19/2013,28,193,3,4,4>For a Pittsburgh-based sushi restaurant, I can't help but give Little Tokyo a deserved 5 stars.The service is always a highlight. The chefs and waitstaff are incredibly friendly, and my wife and I are constantly discussing how we'd rather go there than many other places simply to support a restaurant that prides itself in positive customer service. When you walk in, you feel welcomed, and when you leave, you truly feel that your patronage is appreciated. The chef almost always checks in on your table to make sure you're enjoying your meal, too, which is a great touch.As for the food, I've never been disappointed. I typically order the simple maki rolls (tuna, salmon, etc.) and they cuts of fish have always been good. Their specialty rolls are delicious, as well, but I typically like my sushi simpler. The one big, yet easily-overlooked thing that I appreciate at Little Tokyo is their approach to their spicy tuna. I can't stand when sushi restaurants shred tuna and make it a gooey mess of spicy mayo. Little Tokyo actually gives you cuts of ahi instead, which is a small, but really nice touch. Like I said earlier, the chef almost always check in on your meal, so while Little Tokyo won't go down as the greatest sushi restaurant ever, it's very clear that the chef(s) take pride in what they do.I've gone for lunch, dinner, and shortly before they closed for even later dinner. It's never been too busy to get seated and the service and food has always been consistently good.Is it the best sushi you'll ever eat? Perhaps not, but you're not going to find many, if any, better sushi-eating experiences (especially at this price point) in Pittsburgh at the moment. Enjoy!
<review# 609,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/13/2014,4/15/2014,74,65,4,10,7>AHHHHH WHY ARE YOU ALL THE WAY IN THE STRIP, GAUCHO?Well, it's probably better this way... for my waistline and cholesterol levels, general health, et cetera... but I'm super upset that today is the first time I've eaten here thought it's been open for awhile now.  I think I just assumed, "Steak sandwiches?  Eh, that can wait." BUT I WAS WRONG MY FRIENDS.  THIS PLACE HAS ENDED MY YELP SILENCE. I ordered a ribeye steak sandwich.  Meat was cooked well-done and I was dismayed to see this, since I like my steak med-rare... but WHAT'S THIS?  A well-done steak that was tender, juicy, and flavorful?  Don't know what sort of witchcraft they pulled to achieve this, but whatever it was, I freaking LOVED the steak on my sandwich.  Bread was crisp, chewy, and moist but sturdy enough to hold up the steak juices and seasonings.  This is not a dainty sandwich--it got really messy for me, but if you're somewhat barbaric like me, this is no problem.  But if you don't like getting your hands a bit messy, this might not be your jam.  The steak was very well-seasoned; I'm pretty sensitive to salt, so it was almost a little too well-seasoned, but the vegetables and potatoes we ordered on the side helped balance everything out.  My husband ordered the chicken sandwich, which I was a little less impressed with.  It might because I don't care for chicken, but it seemed a bit drier, and perhaps a little under-seasoned, but my palate might have been accustomed to the level of salt on the steak.  Atmosphere is super casual, but kind of like a trendy cafe.  Music was a tad loud, but a negligible detail.  My favorite part of the atmosphere:  the aroma of wood-smoke that fills the air.  Some might consider this a bad thing, but the smell of smoke got into my hair.  I am RURL into it.  I am smelling my hair as I write this, reminiscing about my sandwich, wishing I'd had more self-control not to eat the entire sandwich in one sitting.  Counter-service only, a few stools that line the walls if you want to "eat-in".  Guy behind the counter was friendly and helpful.  They all seem to take pride in what they're doing, and it shows--the food is really delicious.  Sorta pricey for a sandwich, but the portions are generous, and the food is high-quality. Can't wait to go back for another...
<review# 610,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/23/2014,4/14/2014,17,21,5,8,5>Sienna Mercato's Emporio: Meatball Lovers UniteDisclaimer: I write the word balls in this review...a lot. In Italian, the word emporio often refers to a store.  Well, the geniuses behind Sienna Mercato may have developed the concept to one of the greatest "stores" of all time...a meatball lover's paradise.  If you love savory, meaty balls every which way, it's time to follow me down to Emporio: A Meatball Joint.Let's face it, 'Burghers...our downtown scene was pretty dismal a few years back.  But lately, I'm finding myself "dahn" here more and more.  Sienna Mercato is one of the newest ventures you'll find on Penn Ave.  It's slated to be one of the hottest spots in the city if it lives up to the hype. The top floor, which will be Il Tetto is promising a rooftop beer garden with light munchies.  The middle floor, Mezzo, is sounding more like a sit down eatery, complete with charcuterie, pasta, and wood fired pizza.  While I'm certainly looking forward to experiencing both of these establishments, I'm here to share my current love for the main floor...Emporio. The interior of Emporio is trending with the likes of new bars that are popping up in various larger cities...simply modern (a concrete floor and brick walls) with a splash of retro funk (metal chairs and "vintage" bulbs).  With this kind of vibe, there was a great collection of people there both times I've visited.  Picture suits n' ties, hipsters wearing ties, rowdy college kids, and older folks scowling at the lot of 'em.  Tasty balls of meat are the common denominator uniting us all.When casually dining out, we often avoid the dining area and Emporio's expansive bar, complete with 32 rotating taps and an average cocktail menu, is the perfect spot for a Friday night.  The beers are a bit pricey, but considering the locale of this joint, I understand their price points.  That's all the more reason to hit up happy hour when you can score  1/2 price pints, $5 glasses of wine, and $2 Happy Balls (sliders).   We sat at the bar on our latest visit and...To read my full review and check out delicious food pics, please visit:http://fork2mouth.blogspot.com/2014/03/­sienna-mercatos-emporio-meatball-lovers.html
<review# 611,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/12/2014,4/13/2014,183,180,4,6,6>I just don't know where to begin...there's SO much wonderment to be found in every nook and cranny. Let's start at the bar. Duh. Tiki drinks in an Asian fusion sorta kinda restaurant? Well, why not? Damned fine tiki drinks and OTHER drinks, too. My very first dabble into the G&G tiki selection was a lovely little, innocent tasting number called Jambie the Genie. Apparently inspired by Jambie in the TV screen at Pee Wee's Playhouse, what seemed mildly entertaining at first packed an evil punch of Metaxa, shochu, St. Germaine and Benedictine along with just enough guava to magically convince one there was barely any alcohol onboard. Wrong. Woo! Over the course of several visits (I keep going back!), I've sampled most of the written cocktail menu. (Sharing with non-germophobic friends is a great way to get to try everything without overindulging...just sayin'.) I can honestly say you can't go wrong...especially when Greta is behind the bar. Awesome barkeep! And for sure she's not the only skills behind the bar. I haven't yet tried the drinks made for a group. The Scorpion Bowl and the Porron are cocktails made to be shared when you're getting your party on with friends. (So WHY haven't we tried either of these yet?)Back to my habit of sampling. The Dim Sum trays that circulate the room with little dishes of delightfulness-es are another thing that bring me back again and again. Especially the Pork Belly Bites...please Mr. G&G, don't ever take these off your menu! For $5 a plate/dish you can choose as many or as few dim sum items as you wish to accompany your cocktail or as a pre(or post)-appetizer. In addition to the required pork belly, try steak or squid or scallop or chips. Chips? Not your usual chips, these are crisp-fried chicken skin pieces with a chicken liver mousse dip. Mmmmmm....And then there are the main dishes. I wish I could give you more detail here, but I keep going back to the braised short rib,broccolini,  cippolini onion, mushroom and rice noodle bowl that I can't get enough of! Bonus is that it's gluten-free - YES - G&G has GF options! Just ask. Fortunately I've also sampled a number of other dishes (thank you, friends) and haven't found anything that wasn't spot on scrumptiousness. Desserts? No clue. Good drinks, dim sum and an entree have always been enough for me...but they sound as fab as the rest of the menu. Then again, that gluten issue precludes many dessert choices anyway.Any downside? It's hard to get into. I go early...and obviously often.
<review# 612,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/31/2014,4/12/2014,540,698,3,7,4>Might I say that this is one of the best places in Pittsburgh to get a late night bite and brew?  Yes, I might and will say this.After a frustratingly long day during a frustratingly long week at work, I decided I needed to stop here and ease my nerves with some comfort food and try out a few brews.  This, my friends, is just what the doctor ordered (no pun intended in relation to my work).My friend had beat me there and already had one of each in front of her.  She decided on the Trailerpark Tatchos and I'm not quite sure what she had to drink, but it was interesting in an interesting glass.  The Tatchos were amazing.  Nothing more than nacho toppings on tater tots, but a brilliant idea none the less.  The mixture of tastes on the fried up tater tots was great.  In a single bite you got spicy, hot and cool.  I decided that I needed to order something else myself, as I feared that my friend might end up raising her lip and snarling at me for eating more than I should.  I got myself an order of Cloudy and a Chance of These.  I dare you to take a wild guess as to what this order pertained to.   DING DING DING...you, sir get a prize...not really.  Nothing but an order of meatballs swimming in a big huge potion of their sauce.  Served with a side of bread to sop up what the fork missed.  The right combination of spices mixed with the melted cheese on top was what did it for me.  And that bread made sure I didn't miss a smear of that sauce.As for the brews, I tasted three different ones while I was here.  It was kind of hard to choose, but their nifty little binder filled with the choices made it easier.  What also made it easier was the fact that our waitress was able to make suggestions, not just guesses like most places.  Different flavors hitting my palate at just the right time made for a great night here.  I will definitely keep this on my short list when I need to calm myself after a hectic day at work.
<review# 613,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/11/2014,4/11/2014,65,41,2,6,4>I've been coming here since the place opened in October and I still love it!  It's an amazing and fun workout that I actually enjoy doing!  Stacie and Bill have been doing a great job adding new classes and teachers to be more accommodating.  Since working out here, I have so much more energy, my cholesterol has dropped significantly, I've lost weight, and I have been inspired to live a healthier lifestyle.  I highly recommend Club Cycle!
<review# 614,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/6/2014,4/10/2014,181,458,,5,4>I really enjoyed the simplicity of this place, order your food off of the menu on the wall and take it with you or grab a seat at a communal table and enjoy your meal while meeting someone new. We kept our first visit simple by ordering fish and chips. I feel that they really did it right here. The fish was silky and flaky and the batter was light and crisp with no spongy pockets of oil. Probably the best fried fish I have had in the city if Pittsburgh. I was raised on Fish Fry don't cha know. The price was right and the lady at the counter was kind enough to answer a number of my questions about the menu since there were many things I have never heard of. The only thing that sort of irks me is the TIP jar on the counter of these places, a place were I irder at the counter, retrieve my order an than clean up after myself. Have I missed the point????
<review# 615,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/22/2014,4/9/2014,104,86,6,5,6>I got 99 problems ... but finding a good brew and delicious food here ain't one of them!Looking for a beer? They have it. Looking for a sandwich filled with delicious mac 'n' cheese + bacon and deep fried? They got it. This place doesn't look like much from the outside, but it's a gem once you get inside! I hear the wings are good, can't wait to try them. Definitely didn't think I'd hear Beck playing and see so many hipster glasses when I got inside, but it was a damn fine experience being there!You can get one of their beers on tap or go to the beaming case o' beers that shines on the place like a light from drunk heaven! You can also take a six pack to go. Can't wait to go back!
<review# 616,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/11/2014,4/8/2014,39,80,2,5,5>Did you have any idea you liked rum?Pittsburgh is certainly on the map when it comes to craft beer, but who'd have thought that a rum distillery could be so awesome? In a small and unsuspecting location, there's a hand-painted sign outside that details their offering in big letters: "RUM." Friday and Saturday evenings, 5-10 PM, they offer a menu of $6 cocktails, all mixed with house-made syrups.They use a brand new copper still hand-crafted and imported from Spain. They're happy to talk with you, give you some samples, and mix some delicious drinks for a solid price.Oh, and the rum is pretty damn good.I had no idea I liked rum.
<review# 617,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/2/2014,4/7/2014,16,169,2,4,3>I stopped by Bado's on a recent Wednesday for an early dinner with a friend. When I first walked in, I was rather surprised at the decor. The way Bado's is talked about and with this prime location, I imagined it to be more modern. I was wrong. Inside, it is your typical neighborhood pizza place/bar. Clean, well maintained but nothing shiny or fancy here. Looking over the menu, I noticed some classics and some distinct choices. Sandwiches, soups, salads, pizzas and calzones. Some with toppings/fillings you would not expect. Feeling unadventurous, we decided to order their (famous) wedding soup, a cheese pizza and a sausage calzone to be able to try a few of the classics. The soup came out first. The meatballs were tasty but otherwise, I'm not sure why it would be famous. It definitely did not stand out to me. Another item that did not stand out, the pizza. I was looking for something more. The pizza sauce was a bit tart for me. The real winner of the meal was the sausage calzone (which we added ricotta to). The sausage had a great spice to it. The heat was nicely complimented by the creamy cheese and crisp crust. Overall, good food for a neighborhood bar.
<review# 618,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/15/2013,4/6/2014,75,135,,4,3>Love the ambiance here at night, very specific deliberate modern design and once seated inside you feel nestled in. Very comfortable seating, a little low, but we got a great table at 8pm on a Friday night with no reservations for two. You may want to make reservations for a larger party as it was packed. Menu options you'll find everything from sushi to green and red curry, sort of thai-japanese and other asian blend. Nothing too authentic but I order the green curry and found it had the right balance of sweet and spicy. It was chalk full of veggies too onion, lemongrass, mushroom, green and red bell pepper. So I would say it was about two large portions of food, or three small ones.Very generous portions for the price, the drink menu was a little more pricey. I tried the pear sake and it was delicious! Even if you're not a sake lover you can order small amounts and test it out with a friend. I have tried apple, and peach flavored sake this was by the best. Great service I cannot say we lacked for anything in that department. I always park in the private lot behind in the shopper center behind it and I have never had an issue. I think its there for this business--- I hope it is anyway.
<review# 619,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/17/2013,12/1/2013,93,143,,4,2>Love love love love!!!My husband and I ate inside here on the hottest, nastiest day of the year so far.  We were quite literally sweating our you-know-whats off, but despite that, Gaucho is an awesome experience.Everything here is wood-fired and super delicious.  My husband ordered a steak sandwich and they offered him like eight different cuts of steak to choose from.  I'm kind of a veg-head myself and was delighted to find woodfired asparagus and caramelized onions on my salad. YUM!  All their condiments are delicious as well--if you love them as much as I did, you can take home a jar for $5! :)We will come back again and again and again--it's BYOB as well, which we didn't know (plus we were there for lunch), and I know we'll be spending plenty of fall nights on the cute little patio enjoying delicious food and a bottle of malbec!Seriously, so awesome!!! It's kind of off-the-beaten-strip-district-path, but SO worth a try!!
<review# 620,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/19/2013,11/30/2013,44,78,2,2,3>The location in the Strip was where I learned that Pittsburgh could actually do coffee!  This location is no different.  I popped in quickly after lunch and there were 5 people inside, I kind of think 3 of them worked there and then 2 others at a table.  It's definitely not a place that has enough room to hang out for several hours, but a perfect spot for a pop in, get your coffee and get on with your day.  I ordered a latte and was surprised - albeit pleasantly - when he told me that they don't have skim milk.  Good.  No reason for it.  Good for dieting, bad for everything else - so I went with the 2% and it was delicious!  Creamy and frothy and oh-so-pretty from the darling little design he put in the milk. Fabulous post-lunch cup!  Check it out!
<review# 621,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/21/2013,11/29/2013,183,180,4,9,6>From the moment we walked through the door, we knew it would be a very special evening as smiles warmly greeted us to the white-tableclothed elegance within. We noticed that every single guest was greeted, and treated, like family. From our arrival at the hostess station, to every single knowledgeable server, to an enjoyable visit from Chef Joe himself at our table, to Joe's sister Rita checking in at the end of the evening and thanking us for coming in not one opportunity was missed to make us feel at home.  Friendly is nice, but HOW ABOUT THE FOOD?! We shared a starter of escarole and white beans, topped with homemade fennel sausage. Yeah, I know, that doesn't sound elegant...BUT, when the dish is prepared and plated as it was, humble beans and greens are elevated to match the surroundings. Simply the best I've had anywhere. Ever. Veal dishes? Not to be missed! Housemade pastas, the BEST meatballs in town, lovely jumbo lump crab salad, a seafood section befitting the best of restaurants on the Eastern Shore, a stellar wine list, a dessert menu (including cannolis!)...I could go on and on.I chose veal marsala as my entree and a better choice I couldn't imagine. Tender veal, heaps of mushrooms, lush, velvety sauce. Perfection. The hubster also went with a veal selection - veal Romano in his case. Again, perfection. Oh! I almost forgot the salad of the evening...greens, roasted pear, dried cranberries, pomegranate, walnuts, gorgonzola and a beautiful pomegranate vinaigrette. We cleaned our salad plates!We each enjoyed a side of pasta - homemade for Mark, an excellent gluten-free version for me - both with a lovely tomato basil cream. You know how much I appreciated the gluten-free option! Dessert? Yes, please. Mark chose a cannoli - oh how I wished I could have one of my pre-gluten-issue favorite desserts...and I did! Joe put together a cannoli-without-the-shell version that blew me away! Suffice it to say, the elegant setting, outstanding cuisine and very fine staff elevated Italian comfort food to new and welcome heights. Thanks, Chef Joe! You made a very special anniversary VERY special indeed!
<review# 622,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/5/2013,11/28/2013,48,221,,2,3>Got take out from here after recommendations from 2 different friends. I got 2 shredded beef tacos, carne asada fries and my hubbie got a carne asada burrito. We were very pleased, particularly with the fries. They were so good! Now, I don't know what authentic carne asada fries are supposed to be, having lived in PA my whole life, but my friend from Texas says these are close to the real deal. The guac was really good, and my husband raved about the burrito for nearly 10 minutes after it was gone. We will definitely be back.
<review# 623,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/18/2013,11/27/2013,50,170,2,3,4>I came here for the first time a month ago and have been back 3 times since because it was so good! I had heard that this was the "best burger in town" and after testing it out, I think I agree with this sentiment. I have tried both the rosemary gouda burger and the red-wine braised onion burger and both were fantastic. Every burger on the menu sounds appealing, so I will work my way down the list. The service has not been consistent but on my last visit it was great, plus I don't might sacrificing great service for a great burger. Each burger comes with your side of choice - I'm not sure you can go wrong here but the pasta salad is a nice alternative to fries. Also, the brie and honey appetizer is absolutely delicious - if that is your type of thing don't pass it up!
<review# 624,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/8/2013,11/26/2013,39,80,4,3,3>Grilled beef short ribs. Dinner Only. A house specialty. Beef short ribs glazed with wonderfully crafted Apsara marinade. Served in a crispy basket filled with green papaya pickles, ginger and garlic.You know when you go to get crummy Chinese or shady pan-Asian at the grungy and run-down why-has-it-been-in-business-since-I-moved-to-town place around the corner and you know that what you're ordering will only end up being a poor reflection, a sad afterthought, an abhorrent attempt at replication of what you really wish you could order; yet you order it anyway, and everyone involved ends up slightly gassy and unfulfilled?Apsara Cafe's grilled beef short ribs represent what all of those awful places are attempting to emulate unsuccessfully.Usually, when I go to write a review, I like to browse first to see what other people had to say--so I won't say what's already been said (nice restaurant, nice atmosphere, okay service, blah, blah, blah). I agree with Rachel C. and wholly support her 2-star experience. However, I wonder if she tried the grilled beef short ribs.Apsara Cafe gets four stars because of the grilled beef short ribs and the grilled beef short ribs only. Frankly, I don't really care about anything else on the menu. It's all pretty tasty but at the same time fairly forgettable. Except for those grilled beef short ribs. Grilled beef short rib God came down from grilled beef short rib heaven and gave us His grilled beef short rib goodness through the grilled beef short rib preachings of the chefs at Apsara. I could waste an entire paycheck on multiple orders of them and only feel slightly ashamed.Seriously.
<review# 625,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/4/2013,11/25/2013,65,218,,7,6>Tender is quickly becoming my favorite go to bar and restaurant. The atmosphere cannot be beat. It is like walking into some bar of yesteryear but not in a pretentious way. This old bank converted to bar/restaurant has live music- piano player, bluegrass, they tweet what's going on. The bartenders mix up craft cocktails so delicious I cannot believe my eyes. And the food is delicious!The fun thing about Tender is while I've been there with a friend and we had a great time, and I've also had a great experience just grabbing a meal at the bar. My bar neighbors were very friendly, and my bar tender Sarah took excellent care of me. The drinks are fancy, delicious, and pack some serious power. For this lightweight about 2 and I'm flagged. The food is divine, pulling from different areas of Americana and dishing up some truly awesome eats. I had what may become my favorite cheeseburger there the other day and I can't say enough good things about it. I must return and have it again.It is not a cheap place, but you are paying for the quality that is in every step of your visit, the skill that is put into your drink, and into every step of your meal. They aim to take proper care of you, and I believe it's worth it. To summarize: I dig what they are doing here in a very big way, and I think you would dig it too.
<review# 626,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/9/2013,11/24/2013,64,202,2,3,3>my boyfriend surprised me for my birthday with dinner at dish. he had called a day or two before to make reservations and was told he should have called basically a month before. but if he came in right at 5, he'd probably get a table for two. that's exactly what we did and we got one of 3 open tables, so DO make a reservation way ahead of time, or DO be waiting at the door when they open. we both got wine with our meal and a olive marinate appetizer. the olives were pretty good, a lot of variety. i got the gnocchi with lamb and it was amazing. the gnocchies themselves  were stuffed with ricotta, so innovative and delish. he got a pasta with hen of the woods mushrooms in an oil sauce. also delicious, but i have to recommend the gnocchi to anyone who ever goes there.the service was excellent and the place is intimate and cute.not super fancy, but definitely a nice place to go for a special occasion. worth the early reservation or waiting at the door for sure.
<review# 627,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/31/2013,11/23/2013,73,81,9,7,4>Have you ever been halfway through eating a bahn mi sandwich, and then looked the waiter dead in the eye when he came to ask if you needed anything, and you respond with a deadly serious , "Another of these sandwiches."?Most people, most reasonable people, would say "No.  That smacks of Caligula level excess, and anybody who would do that is quite mad."And I would have agreed with you, until one fateful Saturday...We had been here before for dinner, and it was pretty good, but I didn't really fall in love with it.  We were there towards the end of a busy night, and our server seemed to have been a bit burned out by the time we showed up.  The food was great, but we had a few hiccups with our order.  Oh, and we sat at a table next to the bar, and this older dude trying to dress like a club kid with those terrible jeans with crosses embroidered on the butt cheeks and his weird match.com ladyfriend kept smacking their barstools against our table.  (I should now mention that the place is relatively small.  The bar seating seems like a bad idea during a busy dinner service)And looking back on this, I laugh at the young foolish man I was, not knowing that I would one day return and feast on two of the best bahn mi's I have ever had in my life.  We went on a Saturday afternoon, and there wasn't much of a crowd, which allowed some friendly patter with our waiter, and some in depth descriptions of what they had for lunch.  And what they had was two of the best bahn mi sandwiches I have ever had.  Slow roasted over the fires of mount doom, for 7 months, and flown to the restaurant by a soaring eagle, whose name translates to 'Windlord' , these sandwiches are just amazing. (or the waiter said slow roasted for 7 hours, and didn't make any reference to The Lord of the Ring.  My ability to focus has always been off kilter)AND they have other stuff, that I'll try a bite of if somebody else orders it, but as long as that sandwich is available, I will always order it.They also have a full bar, with excellent Bloody Mary's, and other craft cocktails that are amazing.  But what's even better, is that they have a Cult Movie night on Tuesday evening, with food and drink specials.  I have yet to be to one, but I will definitely check it out as soon as this summer stops being such a non-stop thrill ride of awesome.
<review# 628,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/8/2013,11/22/2013,66,239,,7,5>The concept alone behind this place is great: enjoy a meal from a place the nation is in conflict with, and at the same time learn a little about that place, i.e. its culture and why we're in conflict with it. But concepts alone don't make a place wonderful.That said, I've been a fan of the Conflict Kitchen for years, but I have to say I am so glad they moved from their original location. Once upon a time when I wanted to eat here, I had to catch a bus towards East Liberty, stand as I ate, and wait even longer for the bus that would take me home - often in the cold, too. I didn't mind this experience as an adventurous student, but these days I don't think my first-time experience here would sit well with me.Fortunately for me and all of Pittsburgh, the new location in Oakland is bigger and better - as is the menu; now you can order full meals, not just single items as I once did at their old location. Plus, their hours are less sporadic, the location is easier to access and you can usually find parking somewhere during most of the day (there are exceptions because of class and people working here, admittedly), and best of all, the Conflict Kitchen is no longer cash only, something I admittedly hated about their old stand since I never, ever carry cash.Currently (though this may change soon) the Kitchen's delightful menu items come from Cuba. I have to say, a takeout box of shredded beef, rice and beans, and a salad was about as perfect a meal as I could have asked for. Everything tasted better than I can describe! Plus the weather was gorgeous: I just took my food, sat in the plaza, and enjoyed. Definitely loved finally vising their new location. I hope to be back soon and I cannot wait to see what they do next!
<review# 629,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/4/2012,11/10/2012,23,53,2,2,2>I tried Carson Street Deli years ago, before they moved, but I can't remember how I felt about it -- so let's treat today's lunch like it was my first visit, eh?I was greeted by extremely friendly employees when I walked in the door, though I was slightly confused about where to actually order; I'd expected a menu board, but they found a carryout menu for me to peruse. I'd pretty well decided I wanted corned beef, and somehow missed ordering a reuben because it's listed as a "Carson Street Deli Reuben" -- not where I expected it, alphabetically speaking. Just so you don't make my mistake.I ended up with corned beef, cheddar, tomato, and brown mustard on Italian (look, I don't like rye, OK?), as well as potato salad and tomato and cucumber salad. With a bottled drink, my meal came to something like $14.The bread is, I'm pretty sure, Breadworks; not too crusty but not too soft to stand up to a big sammich. The corned beef itself is sliced super thin and tastes good, though I think I prefer Smallman Street Deli's. The cheddar slice was decently thick, and the tomato was, you know, a tomato on a sandwich, slightly out of season. Overall I'd give the sandwich 3 stars, partly because I should've asked for less mustard and partly because I wish they had challah and finally because I ordered the wrong thing. All of this is really my fault, so take it with a grain of salt.The potato salad: Not my favorite. The chunks of potato are just huge, and there were green and red peppers involved.  Nothing to write home about, but not bad, either.Tomato and cucumber salad? Not bad. Quite vinegary, so know that going in.My pickle, sadly, was sort of small (just a spear for a whole big sammich) and unremarkable. I understand the beer is one of the big draws here; unfortunately, in my present delicate condition, I am unable to partake. And that makes me truly sad.So why four stars overall? Well, I'm 99% sure that if I order what I actually want next time, I'll fare better. I'll be sure to let Yelp know!
<review# 630,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/14/2012,11/9/2012,45,195,3,8,5>Vegans, lend me your ears.  I discovered today that the taco stand in front of Reyna's offers two types of vegan tacos!  Yes, I stopped dead in my tracks when I saw the word "vegan" on the menu.  Of course I ordered myself a carnitas burrito and my gf the black bean taco (also included rice, lettuce, tomatoes, onion, and cilantro).   My gf could not stop raving about the flavorful beans and refreshing toppings.  She even hates cilantro but found herself liking Reyna's cilantro.  The other vegan option is SOYRIZO!  Yes, you heard me!  I was in shock when my gf mentioned "That bean taco was so good I don't even want to try the soyrizo.  Just give me more of those beans!"  So there you have it.  Even if you're not  a big bean fan, taco fan, or fan of the strip district - this taco stand is worth the trip.Price is either $3/taco or $5/2 tacos.  Cash only.On a side note, my carnitas taco was also really flavorful.  I can't wait to go back and try the other meats they offer.
<review# 631,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/12/2012,11/8/2012,59,67,3,6,6>This may be my new favorite place in Pittsburgh!Meat, cheese, chocolate, wine, craft beer.  Bread.  Pickled watermelon rind.  They have a $5 wine of the day, but my advice is to go for one of the flights.  For $9 I got the Malbec wine flight.  Three nice sized samples of different Malbecs.  Extremely knowledgable staff.  I picked one of the salami's, proscuitto, and the Wild Purveyors cheese plate.  The cheese plate featured what I've decided is very close to heaven on Earth, a delicious Camembert.  All of this came with La Gourmandine bread (yum yum yum).  We finished with the chocolate plate, but honestly I was still dreaming of the Camembert at this point and was regretting not getting more meats and cheese.This is just scratching the surface.  I need to go again.  Tonight.  ASAP.  I wonder what time they open in the mornings?  Seriously, that good.My only issues:  Not as packed as this place should be on a Friday.  I really hope they get the word out and people start checking it out.  This shouldnt be a problem since people like me now tell everyone I know to go to Allegheny Wine Mixer immediately.  That brings me to my second issue.  The name is kind of weird, and the design and marketing, in my opinion, is kind of off.  It has a 50's diner feel to it, which is totally NOT what you experience inside.  I appreciate that they want to cater to people who like this food without a stuffy, uptight atmosphere, but it just doesn't really jive.
<review# 632,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/29/2012,11/7/2012,41,161,3,3,1>To be perfectly (and embarrassingly) honest, I started going to Industry specifically because I knew I would not see anyone that I knew there. Sometimes you just really don't want a place where anybody knows your name. Sometimes you want to be a girl, alone at a bar, drinking a bourbon and reading a book. And Industry fits the bill perfectly. It's a good-looking place with a giant bar area and plenty of table seating -- but who cares about that when you want to eat alone? It's not too dark, there are lots of TVs, the music is a mystifying mix of Vampire Weekend, Beyonce and 80s, the servers range from charmingly social to semi-efficiently disinterested (which I'm ok with), the food is decent -- I like the salads and the flatbreads but have heard mixed things about everything else -- and the drinks are interesting. Basically, it's the perfect combination of safe and anonymous, with the added benefit of a competent kitchen. The cocktails tend to be on the sweet side and for some reason the person who designed the menu decided to name both a drink and a salad the Menlo Park, which makes for some confusion and seems like a ridiculous oversight. Pricing is reasonable: many menu items are under $10.00. The cocktails are also reasonable but, given the sweetness, not really worth it. Or maybe they are. It depends what you like.Basically, this is a place I go by myself. Maybe I'd go with friends. And I'd definitely go with a blind date.
<review# 633,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/24/2012,11/6/2012,65,218,1,5,3>Pusadee's is transcendent. Especially in the fair weather. There's something so transporting about sitting in their garden with twinkly lights, and all the different plants  and jungle ceiling that takes me out of Pittsburgh to somewhere tropical? The food I think is up in the best caliber of thai food that you can get in the burg (and there is a lot of good thai food competition here so that's a big thing). Pumpkin curry. go get it. All of the appetizers= amazing. Everything under the chef's specialities = super yum.Basically I'd like to eat here all the time. It's great for a special occasion or a date, or just grabbing some excellent food on a weeknight. I'm a big fan and look forward to my next meal here.
<review# 634,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/5/2012,11/5/2012,39,80,1,3,2>Are you considering Avenue B for dinner tonight? Well, you should be. Go ahead, ask some questions. Here are some answers--Yes. Great. Fantastic. Right away, actually. No way! You too?!Avenue B's main attraction (in the opinion of our seven-person party) are their muscles. Clams down the best muscles I have ever had. If I could do it again, I would get a few plates of the muscles. And then order a few hundred more to go. I don't even need to hit the gym anymore. Get it?!A friend of mine was celebrating his birthday last week, and so we, accompanied by his entire family, strolled in to Avenue B with a few bottles of red wine and a couple of growlers from East End (BYOB).I could waste the time to write out everything we ate, how it was cooked, and add in various side-comments, but I'll save the time and space to just simply comment that everything was delicious, I doubt you'll be dissatisfied, and you should try the mussels.
<review# 635,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/20/2012,11/4/2012,75,135,1,4,2>Yum! I think Ive been here three times since moving to PGH, Fav dogs: Chihuahua , Brat, and Chicago style dog. Never tried other entrees but their fries are nice and crispy. They have plenty of Belgian beers to choose from a bonus in my beer book.Beers: usually a good variety on tap plus tons of variety if you need to one stop shop and pick some six packs up in the back. Warning though if it is a busy summer evening you can wait up to one hour for your dog I think this is because they have tiny kitchen behind the bar. So if you're super hungry go early or later or fill up on their beer first. Also this doesn't really bother me i still ate my food but the guy cooking the food didn't wear gloves and did touch the food with his bare hands often. If you're OCD maybe just get a beer or don't sit at the bar where you can see this. Don't worry he didn't pick anything up off the floor and put it back on plates, i checked. :)
<review# 636,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/22/2012,11/3/2012,73,461,,3,1>I had been wanting to try Alma Pan-Latin Kitchen and finally had the opportunity to celebrate my 4th anniversary there last month. As I am part Cuban, I grew up occasionally having Cuban food and really looked forward to trying this restaurant since Pittsburgh only has a limited number of Cuban places.As soon as I walked through the door, I was impressed by the modern interior and how spaced out the tables were. I am very used to other Regent Square restaurants (such as Green Mango and Square Cafe) that have much more cramped seating, so Alma was a nice surprise. I felt that my husband and I could actually have a conversation without everyone around us overhearing us and vice versa.Our waitress was friendly and seemed knowledgeable of the menu, and our food came out promptly. We started with the sweet plantains which were absolutely delicious. My standard was high since some of my relatives make good platanos, but these did not disappoint. We also enjoyed the unique salsas that they were served with. I then ordered the Cuban sandwich, and my husband ordered the beef sandwich with sofrito and sweet potato. My sandwich could have used a little more meat - the bread and cheese were so dominant that I almost felt like I was eating a grilled cheese. I really enjoyed my husband's sandwich though. It was very tasty with a lot of meat. We ended our meal with the amazingly gooey warm chocolate cake with cinnamon ice cream.I definitely plan on returning to Alma sometime in the next few months. I enjoyed my experience there and look forward to trying more items from their menu.
<review# 637,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/30/2012,11/2/2012,2678,1419,18,21,18>Review #911! Call a medic!!! A cop!!!!youtube.com/watch?v=lxk_After visiting PB months ago for our lone Yelp Elite Event to date, Kay and I knew we had to return, especially being that today was a payday Friday and that PB is minutes from where I work. .A gothic courtyard featuring caged crannies that look as if they were designed to hold dragons leads to a staircase entry into the establishment. There is another way to get inside from the street, but I prefer to go take the cobblestone detour since it's Victorian looking and therefore wickedly cool to me. My heroic, fantastical imagination allows me to conceptualize a moonlit, midnight clash with a ghoul, vampire, or some other such creature of the shadows here. The interiors are jolly and anything but creepy. People holding frothy, wet mugs of housebrewed mead amidst the brass and copper pipes and tanks from which it flows. Communal, stained, wooden benches and tables are where patrons seat themselves. I knew I wanted some pierogi, so I pretty much disregarded the rest of the menu and settled on the Pierogi Platter, a hexad of dough parcels containing potatoes and cheese with grilled onions as a sweet garnish.Our bubbly, talkative server Amanda knows what the score is.When I asked for sour cream on the side minutes after placing my order, she said, "Dude, you're covered. Who eats pierogi without sour cream anyway? That's not right."And out they came, quickly. In fact, our appetizer, salads, my chili, and our entrees came out simultaneously, almost overwhelming us. Some people might have found this to be a misstep of service, but I barely minded. I mean, before I could get impatient, a feast was abruptly placed before me! Good food fast?You bet your hiphuggers...hipster.Well, for the most part at least. Everything was comfortably comestible, and that includes my house viniagrette salad, even if the dressing was unduly syrupy but only a touch so.Our starter was a spreadably splendid wedding between Sharp Cheddar and Cream Cheese that was blessed by Penn Pilsner and overseen by average, dried-out, mall-grade pretzels. I would have rather had the spread, which tasted like a far more intelligent and gourmet kind of spray cheese, on some crackers instead. A cup of their Penn Pilsner Chili was next on deck. Freshly ground chuck, kidney beans, and black beans made for fine, hearty, tomato-based spoonfuls of sweetly fermented and profoundly satisfying stew.Hey, I may not drink beer or any other kinds of booze, but if you put it in some excellent food, I'll board the boat to Margaritaville without delay.Oh, the pierogi; they were peerless. The outer dough was caramelized, took on the flavors of the onions, and contained the most luscious mashed potatoes ever to be served at your favorite aunt's house. As someone whose blood is mostly Polish, I was proud of these paradisiac pierogi and was greatly gladdened that a chef had come up with a proper recipe for them. Kay had the Rouladen, a fragile, sultry, enlivened, and rolled-up carpet of steak, bacon, onions, and pickles that was coated with a deeply savorous, beer-borne, and cryptic "brown sauce." Dessert (they only have a Warm Apple Strudel and Chocolate Raspberry Cake on tap) we skipped due to having a surplus of treats at home, but please do not skip Penn Brewery. If a teetotaler like myself had a pleasurable dinner here, you should as well.
<review# 638,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/29/2012,11/1/2012,143,349,1,7,4>I'm so surprised by the less than stellar review of this place.  I thought it was fantastic!  Went here for dinner and ordered the heirloom tomato appetizer and the swordfish as my main entree.  I'm not a big tomato person but I was basically licking my plate clean because it was that good.  The tomatoes were fresh and the balsamic drizzle and basil pesto sauce were out of this world.  The swordfish was basically moving in my mouth...that's how fresh it tasted!  It was phenomenal, best seafood I've had in the 'Burgh.  It was perfectly seasoned and perfectly cooked - moist and flaky.  It was served with fingerling potatoes and some bacon crumbles...again, I was basically licking my plate clean.  As other people have noted, the portions aren't huge, but I'm OK with that as long as the quality of the food stands out and in my opinion it did.  The menu is somewhat limited, but I still had trouble deciding between what dishes I wanted.   I sampled my friend's dishes which included the king fish and the scallop/shrimp combo and they were delish!  I can't wait to go back and try out some of the other dishes.
<review# 639,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/28/2013,1/1/2014,27,95,,5,1>Finally, Pittsburgh has a quality barbershop!!! Mister Grooming & Goods offers more than just your standard high and tight hair cut. Micheal gives a high quality, stylish hair cut as well as offering suggestions and tips on how to style your hair, what products to use, etc. On my last visit I got the best haircut I've gotten in the 5 years I've lived in Pittsburgh. The overall atmosphere is really fun. Micheal and Alli are happy to chat with you,  the walls are covered in unique artwork, there are a few televisions with the game on, and they even offer you a beer while you wait. What more could you want?Hair cuts are $15, calling ahead for an appointment is recommended, they actually said you can text them to check on open times, and the hours are very reasonable. After bouncing around from barber to barber for years, I can say with certainty that I've found the place for me.
<review# 640,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/23/2013,12/31/2013,27,162,5,8,2>As much as I really want to give Casa Rasta a 3 star update, their food and the laid-back byob atmosphere continue to be its saving grace.Unfortunately, that same laid-back environment is its biggest downfall.  After a bad experience at Casa (following what were typically good experiences at their original smaller location) we decided to give it another go.  Unfortunately, the same issues we experienced when they moved to their larger location endure months later.  On two occasions now, a majority of the menu has been unavailable and the service has been downright terrible.  Long wait times following being seated, infrequent visits, and worse of all, 1-1.5 hour plus waits for simple food that doesn't really dictate that kind of turnaround.Casa Rasta will likely pull me in one more time before the end of summer (I can't help it), but a third strike will definitely put this promising establishment out of my repertoire of go-to's.
<review# 641,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/16/2013,12/30/2013,45,257,,5,2>After reading an interesting article on this new brewery opening in Lawrenceville, I was pretty stoked.  I love to support local businesses.  I love to taste new beers.  When I can do both at the same time, how can I say no?  Besides, I was planning a day in Lawrenceville the day after Roundabout opened anyway.It turned out to be one perfect day.  It started with meeting a good friend for lunch at Barb's Country Kitchen where I had the lunch special (hot roast beef sandwich with mashed potatoes and gravy).  We then made our way to Arsenal Cider for some long overdue growler refills.  I was in tears over their bubbly Ramrod Rhubarb (11.5%ABV!).  We enjoyed a glass or two before heading to Allegheny Cemetery for Doo Dah Days (the reason we were in Lawrenceville to begin with) for some great entertainment and a trolley tour through the cemetery.  As we got off the trolley and started wandering around talking about our next stop, I looked across Butler Street and saw it, Roundabout Brewery.  We darted across the street and wandered inside.I was surprised at the number of people there...which, around 3:30pm on Saturday was apparently nothing compared to the line they had out the door the day before for their grand opening.  I was happy to hear what the brewers had to say and taste their offerings.  I enjoy hearing local brewers talk about their process and passion for creating craft beers.  I don't know if it necessarily adds to the flavor, but it doesn't hurt knowing the story behind the growler.  I didn't try everything on tap, but I did enjoy the Black Possom and Ginga Wheat.  I debated back and forth whether or not to even get a growler and then debated what to fill it up with.  I eventually decided on the Ginga Wheat.  Definitely my favorite, made with local honey.  Growler itself is $4, beer inside is $13.  But as of now you can take any growler and Roundabout will fill it with their beer.  (My understanding is the growler has to show the name and address of the brewery that filled it so if you take an outside growler to Roundabout, they will happily fill it but will have to put one of their stickers on it as well.)I deducted one star only because I see potential in the space they occupy and I read they have plans to renovate the store front so guests can enjoy a pint inside (or maybe even outside) and may eventually offer food.  I await their next step.  Until then, I'll just keep refilling my growler.  It's great to have a new local brewery in Pittsburgh.  Dyana and Steve have taken an inspiring yet roundabout way to get here, but I sure am glad they did.
<review# 642,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/25/2013,12/29/2013,36,10,2,21,3>History is important especially for the things that Pittsburg has gone through. This is by far the best place in PA for a good lesson on the local history and culture. At least once a year every citizen of the state should take this tour and learn where everything came from. This is for anyone who enjoys nature, learning, and day away from the television. We believe in a certain way of life and this tour is filled stories and insights that make that life very special. The guide was very happy to answer all my questions and it was interesting to see how steel was made. it was so nice to meet all the new curious people on the tour as well.
<review# 643,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/23/2013,12/28/2013,15,29,,5,3>Holy mole! There are few things I am too lazy to try to make for myself at home, but mole is one of them.  A good, traditional mole sauce has more ingredients than my attention span can handle and the fake stuff that comes out of a jar (or that is served at any of Pittsburgh's other "Mexican" restaurants) just doesn't make the cut.  Imagine my excitement when I got to Casa Reyna and saw that the menu not only includes a traditional chicken mole, but a total of FOUR different moles all wrapped up into one beautiful sampler dish.  I wish I remembered what they all were, I know in addition to the chicken there was a mole verde with tomatillos and poblanos served with the most succulent pork ever, a beef with some kind of red mole, and a fourth that really could have been made of anything (I really have no idea) but I do know I would eat spoonfuls of it.In addition to my obsession with this sauce, I loved everything about Casa Reyna.  It was like the stairs took you through some magical tunnel and transported you right to a cantina in the middle of Mexico.  I loved the ambiance and decor, our waitress was fabulous, and I didn't even mind the thirty or so pictures of Frida Kahlo staring at me while I ate. Our table started with a salsa sampler.  I always say you can tell how good a restaurant is going to be by the bread (or in this case chips) and accompaniments you get at the beginning of the meal.  Casa Reyna was off to a great start with crispy, warm, non-greasy chips and four amazing salsas.  Obviously, I LOVED my entree (see above if you've forgotten) and everyone at the table cleaned their plates and filled their bellies.Another huge plus is that even though Casa Renya is in the Strip, they have- wait for it- NORMAL RESTAURANT OPERATING HOURS. I know I shouldn't be so excited about this, but I was worried they would follow the trend of everywhere else I love to eat in the Strip and cater to the daytime working crowd, forcing me to take personal days from work just to indulge in an authentic Mexican eating experience.  Now I can eat here any time I want, and plan to take advantage of that frequently!
<review# 644,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/5/2013,12/27/2013,45,195,1,5,4>All I have to say about this place is get the veggie burger.  It's so good!  Order it without cheese and aioli and it's AMAZING and vegan.  What? Yes!  We were in such disbelief that the burger was vegan that we had the server ask the chef to verify that it was in fact vegan.This place is a little pricey but it's cute and new.  I liked the decor which was open, airy, clean, and inviting.  If I worked closer to here I would make this the place to go with coworkers for happy hour.Also like that this place is open late so I can get the veggie burger when I get a craving later in the night.
<review# 645,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/8/2013,12/26/2013,102,199,3,4,4>This is my new go-to place for chicken gyros.  SO GOOD.  And craycray cheap.  So far, we've also tried everything from gyros to pizza to baba to hamburgers.  Everything has been excellent, and it only takes about 20 minutes for the order to be ready.  Did I mention how cheap it is?If there is one compliant, it's about the hummus.  It's meh.  They use quite a bit of olives when making it (plus put an olive in the middle of the container), and I'm just not a big olive fan.  Less olives in the hummus, please, and this will be my favorite takeout joint ever.
<review# 646,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/16/2013,12/25/2013,35,164,3,4,3>I heard great things about this place and couldn't wait to try it out. Working in Oakland this is a perfect spot for happy hour. It is small inside but a cozy and trendy atmosphere.  We were lucky to grab seats at the bar and from 4:30-6:30 most of the drafts are only $4. They also have a specialty cocktail happy hour deal of the day and 2 wine specials.  I went with the Bell's Winter Ale and it was very tasty. I also ordered the goat cheese and pepper jelly crostini. They were amazing!!  Glad none of my friends wanted to try them because I didn't want to share. The spicy pepper jelly complimented the goat cheese well.  I do wish it was bigger inside and had more seating.
<review# 647,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/7/2013,12/24/2013,83,222,1,4,5>I moved from Columbus, OH to Pittsburgh and was elated to find out that my COSI membership in Columbus was still usable at the Children's Museum. While C-bus's children's museum is mainly about science, Pittsburgh's has art and what not going on. My son loves this place and has finally discovered the art room. He's not super creative but he likes the fact that he can pop on an apron and paint. He even threw a clay cup and silk screened some paper cut outs.They have other workshop space where you can sew or build lil motors. The changing tough art exhibits are neat too. On the downside, if an exhibit opens try to see it early. Simply because kids tear shit up. We went on the opening day of Clifford and by the final week props were missing and there were kid bite marks on Clifford's bones o.0 .
<review# 648,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/5/2013,12/23/2013,28,146,6,12,7>This place has changed our lives. Seriously! My wife and I live in Observatory Hill and I adore this neighborhood. Right on Riverview Park, quiet, beautiful historic homes, and close to everything. The only thing this neighborhood is lacking, in my opinion, is more restaurants. Sure, there are acceptable dining options 5-10 minutes away in every direction. But some times you just want fast, delicious and convenient. And to not leave the house. Until recently there was only one pizza place that would deliver to our house. One. And it's downright nasty. Right next door to the high school so that's the crowd they cater too. I'm guessing you can set your standards pretty darn low when your only competition is the school cafeteria pizza. Then, one glorious day, a menu appeared on our doorstep. Riviera Pizza and Pasta. And they deliver to our home. Worth a try! They have all of the typical offerings, breadsticks, pizza, calzones, hoagies. You know what a pizza place has. What they have that I've never encountered before is a relationship with eat24, an app that allows me to order on my iPad and magically have pizza show up at my house. Whaaaaatt?!?! I can order pizza and never have to speak to another human, and the food will come to me while I'm in my pajamas?!? Finally!! All of my dreams are coming true! It's finally a civilized neighborhood thanks to Riviera!The food is a solid 3.5 stars. The pizza is pretty good. It's tasty, cheesy, and just the right amount of greasy. The breadsticks are super yummy and we get them every time we order. We like the calzones a lot, the small one is enough for 3 servings at least. The delivery has always been faster than the quoted time and the drivers are kind and courteous. We've been desperate for a neighborhood pizza place that we actually like. Finally, the storm clouds have parted and Riviera Pizza has emerged. And we are certainly some grateful fans!
<review# 649,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/14/2014,6/15/2014,181,458,1,6,4>I have been meaning to check this place out as I have road by it so many times. Well I finally dropped in with the special lady for lunch and we tried the enchiladas verdes and three of their tacos (Steak, Chorizo, and lengua). I thought that everythng was pretty tasty but I wasn't totally blown away by anything. I hoped for more out of the tacos as far as exciting flavor. The tacos were pretty large and definitely filled me up. I asked them what they had to drink and the guy who was waiting on us said something in Spanish and I said sure I'll try it. whatever it was it was sweet and almost tasted like a hint of beet juice, possibly the blood of the ever elusive Chupacabra, different but a good sugary drink. The enchiladas verde portion was ridiculously huge, they could easily cut the size of the portion in half for lunch and charge $6 or less. I enjoyed the challenge of using my Spanglish with the folks who worked here,we had fun. I also actually loved the vibe of this place, sort of run down with kids going in and out. I would come back any day.Also that was a joke about Chupacabra in case yinz never heard of it...I think that was the first time I have ever used "Yinz" in a review...
<review# 650,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/5/2014,6/14/2014,90,67,3,9,8>I loved this place! They did such a good job giving it a low key little brewery vibe. It's in an old garage so you might think it's old and grungy but they scrubbed it up and it's so nice! The bar is nice and big, they have wine barrel tables to enjoy your beer at (either inside or outside on their nice sunny deck!) Speaking of their deck--it's nice and secluded -- nothing special about the view, but it's tucked back in a neighborhood so it's pretty peaceful. They offer cornhole and hot dogs (or chilli dogs!) like any good microbrewery should.Pros:*Great beer!*Sunshiney deck*Friendly staff/ownersCons:*it's a little hard to find--you won't just happen upon it
<review# 651,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/4/2014,6/13/2014,104,86,2,9,3>Pita Land, olive you.I don't know why I don't come here everyday.It's a great little market, where you can get delicious Mediterranean/Lebanese/Middle Eastern groceries. They have fresh made hummus, dips, pita bread,  you name it! And everything's reasonably priced (don't have to shell out too many leaves for my grape leaves ...) Best of all, in the last year they opened a cafe inside. It's damn delicious and cheap to boot! The gyro, lamb burger, french fries with rosemary dip, flat breads are all excellent and won't disappoint!
<review# 652,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/13/2014,6/12/2014,43,94,1,5,4>My kids wanted to go here for dinner.  I can't believe that our family has just been here twice!  Maybe because parking is a challenge and I am famously a parallel parking moron?  Who knows.  I need to suck it up and get here more often.  Both meals we've had here were great and did not break the bank.On our last visit:- Kim Chi combination fried rice.  Totally craveable.  The Kim Chi's spicyness is distributed throughout the dish and it's a great flavor along with beef, pork, chicken and shrimp.  My favorite item on the menu.- Papaya Milkshake.  Awesome.  This was for me.- Mango Bubble Tea.  My daughters split it and they loved it.  I had a sip and loved it too.- Curry Chicken Special.  For my wife, this was just the right amount of food for about $8.00.  A total college kid item at the price that came with steamed rice, veggies and a pickled egg.  Very Taiwanese!Easy going atmosphere with very attentive service.  Great for groups and families with kids.  I need to branch out more on their menu because it is a huge one and the other dishes going out to the other tables were very enticing on my next visit!
<review# 653,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/31/2014,6/11/2014,67,122,1,5,4>After a bad experience at TGI Fridays, my boyfriend and I decided to check out more local restaurants to support local business as well as open up our taste buds to things other than chain restaurants. Having family in Mt. Washington, I pass it occasionally so it's always been a place I've wanted to try. This was our first stop...The food was excellent and a great start to more of a finer dining experience. It's fancy, but not suit-and-tie fancy, so if you want to come in a nice pair of jeans and a dress shirt - you're good. The food was great! We ordered the Pasta Carmela and it was enough to take home. The garlic sauce was light yet satisfying and had a zing of spice which perfected the meal. We also were served garlic bread and a salad with a wonderful house dressing that reminded me of an Italian/Balsamic mix. Also note that the place is BYOB. Enough said... The place itself sort of crammed which was one of the only downfalls, but overall the experience was pleasant. Service is great, too. I definitely would like to come back and allow others to experience this gem.
<review# 654,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/13/2014,6/9/2014,66,239,1,6,3>One year since my first venture to Casbah, I had the chance to return for a second time. And I have to say that I am officially a die-hard Casbah fan.Yes, our dinner group quickly racked up a big bill - but it was for a birthday party, and Casbah had kindly sent along a $30 off dinner coupon beforehand. Even better, they went ahead and applied the discount even though we managed to forget to bring the actual card they had sent ahead to us. We had been completely prepared when asking about this to potentially not be able to use that $30 off at our visit, so their understanding alone would have gone a long way in making the meal a good one.The amazing food just sealed the deal. Between a table of four we all had the chance to order and then a variety of Casbah's current menu - including their scallops, arugula salad, duck, pork and veal meatballs, and a ricotta very similar to what I had ordered the last time I visited. Everything was stupendously delicious - I honestly have no other words for how good this food was - and we all left full and satisfied with no complaints.Casbah has definitely become a restaurant that I can come to for special events. Their food and service impressed me again tonight even more than they did last time; add in the fact that they use local ingredients whenever possible and always have something new to try with the changing seasons, and I'm completely sold. Here's to the next special occasion and dinner out at Casbah!
<review# 655,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/25/2014,6/8/2014,757,406,4,9,7>Yimmy's is truly a delight. Yimmy's was one of those establishments that I just bustled past work day after work day. Until a lovely co-worker of mine invited me to join her there for lunch one day and off I went.  I did not know ahead of time what a pleasantly filling and hearty lunch I was in for. Yimmy's is a true hole in the way on the ground floor of a busy office space. It's located on Smithfield. On the inside there are two tiny tables that just barely fit inside of the restaurant. I am no sandwich girl so I played it safe and opted for a ham and cheese.  This sandwich knocked my socks off. It was piled high with salty chipped ham and two thick slices of American cheese, freshe romanie lettuce , tomato and just the right amount of mayo, with a pickle spear. Thanks Yimmy's you make a mean sandwich that left me well fed and happy for the rest of the day.
<review# 656,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/11/2014,6/7/2014,45,104,1,5,3>My good friend introduced me to pinball with a game over at Spak Bros, but then he told me about this amazing wonderland of pinball that is $5 unlimited for an hour or $15 unlimited all day. My immediate thought? "OMG THAT IS A PERFECT DATE." So I waited for my boyfriend to visit from Florida, and we ventured out last night for our first Pinbash experience. The location is pretty easy to find if you know how to use a GPS or know the area. I didn't feel unsafe here at all, even at 12:30am. I highly doubt any harm would come to you in this area as a previous reviewer has stated. The atmosphere is incredibly chill. The owner is the most relaxed and nicest guy I've met in awhile. He has a true passion for pinball, and that excitement reflects on his business and goals. He really cares about his family and pinball (family first!), and happily talked about both. I'm new to pinball, but I can say that Pinbash has sparked a serious determination in me to get better at it! I am crazy about pinball, and Pinbash fulfills that desire. The machines are great and well maintained here too. The owner can fix them quickly (I watched him do a quick fix on a machine, he's a genius!) so if you have problems, it will likely be taken care of. Some of my favorite machines were: Monster Bash Harlem Globetrotters Twilight Zone Apparently these machines also rotate frequently. That's a big selling point for me too. I like variety, and I want to try as many pinball tables as I can! One of the best parts of Pinbash is that it is currently BYOB! BYOB! BYOB! You can eat, drink, play pinball and hang with some of the coolest people in Pittsburgh. What more could a girl want?Pinbash has some big things in store for it, and I truly cannot wait to see those things come into fruition. Go play some pinball whether your an expert or a newbie. Take your boyfriend or girlfriend, husband or wife. You won't regret it, and you will certainly have a great time even if you stay for just an hour!
<review# 657,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/6/2014,6/6/2014,113,141,4,5,4>Lissen up folks!You're really not going to get much better than this Las Palmas location. The prices are extremely good, the taco stand is awesome, and they have a full deli. I am not aware of any other full service grocerias in Pittsburgh. The selection is quite complete - you can get anything from a selection of dried chilis to Salvadorian crema, and the produce is well priced as well!There's even a full cooler if you want to buy some agua con gas or Jarritos!When I need to find real ingredients (they also regularly carry fresh cactus paddles..) this is the true stop in da burgh.
<review# 658,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/29/2014,6/5/2014,48,52,1,8,4>I purchased some deli meats and cheeses on a Saturday stroll through the Strip District and am now instantly a fan!  This place has an incredible selection of deli options all at pretty, darn competitive prices.Not to mention, if you're into Italian cuisine, you're pretty much going to find anything you need or want to cook in this shop.  From pastas to spices to sauces to condiments - you name it, they got it!  Plus, they have a variety of fresh breads, too.  I'll be coming here at least once a month to "stock up" on Italian fare, though with the friendly service and sheer quantities of cheese they offer, it will most likely be more than that.HIGHLY RECOMMEND this spot...great vibe, great people, great ingredients!  This place is a must that I look forward to enjoying for a long, long time...check it out!
<review# 659,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/3/2012,10/21/2012,102,290,2,4,3>If my friend hadn't suggested we meet here for dinner, I don't think I would have stopped in at Bangkok Balcony due to the dark exterior but I'm glad that I experienced this spot. We were seated near the black tinted window and the lighting made it all feel cozy but a little like we were warped back in time. Also the silverware I was not a fan of (they look like fiddlesticks which are ugly to me!). Anyway...I couldn't decide between the yellow and mussaman curry so I asked the waitress. She said the yellow curry was good but on the sweet side and then her eyes totally lit up when she spoke about the mussaman curry, which was more of an Indian curry and of thicker consistency. I was sold on her description for mussaman and another friend actually changed her mind to order this too. By how excited our waitress was for us, we knew we were in for a treat.Out came a pot of the mussaman curry and a bowl of rice. While the volume looks small, the contents are quite filling. The curry was absolutely delicious (I had a spice level of 5), not too sweet with a peanut coconut curry taste in potatoes and chicken. The potatoes were soft but the chicken was just the tiniest bit overcooked however once I smothered some of the curry sauce I ate it all up. Actually I ended up eating the whole thing up by putting the curry sauce on everything even though I was full!Pleasant experience with the service and extremely satisfied with my dish that I will venture back.
<review# 660,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/13/2012,10/20/2012,11,44,2,9,2>Amazing. I had the opportunity to dine here solo tonight since my husband is out of town on business. Food was perfect.Tonight, for I believe the first time a "chef's special" was simply that in all its sweet and savory spectacularness- SPECIAL. I order all sushi. The chef's special was a tempura wrapped sushi stuffed with decadent chunks of white tuna, wrapped in fresh avocado, topped with gobs of lobster salad. Seriously, does life get any better than this? It is lightly doused with mango puree. It sounds like it would be too sweet. But once dipped in soy sauce and heavily soaked fresh wasabi= HEAVEN. The pearly gates serves this dish daily. Dramatic much? I think not. I spoke with the chef, as I dined solo at the sushi bar. I raved about his food and I shared with him that I have had the first REAL chef special I have ever eaten. He humbly and plainly shared with me...sushi can be so simple: fish, seaweed, and rice. I think, I must take sushi to an elevated place. And he did. I am elated at the final products.I also ordered the Marilyn Mon Roll. Let it be known: I am a die hard spider roll fan: fried soft shell crab, avocado, cucumber, masago fish egg...tonight I have become a changed eater. The Marilyn Mon Roll is spider roll meets decadence. Fried soft shell crab, cucumber, tobiko caviar wrapped in avocado, topped with spicy mayo and eel sauce. The avocado is interestingly wrapped on the outer side of the roll. This highlights the chef's excellent knife skills. Slightly thicker than paper thin. All the flavors are balance. Many places in the 'burgh can provide an extraordinary meal but left unbalanced and often times missing...something. Not here raw fish lovers. Come one, come all- only if your refined palette can appreciate this experience.Don't be deceived...this is not "fake" sushi found at such places as the wanna be sushi joint that immature sushi seekers flock to in the southside. Loved is the art, skill, and tradition turned modern interpretation here.
<review# 661,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/4/2012,10/19/2012,63,35,3,12,8>This is my first yelp review in Pittsburgh since I've been living in this town for over a year, and there's a reason this place inspired me to. As a San Francisco Bay Area native where there's never a shortage of foodie places, I've been quite critical on Pittsburgh. However! There are a definitely a bunch of stand outs (and my list is growing!) and this is one of them. The okonomiyaki was AMAZING. Other okonomiyakis that have graced my tummy in SF Japantown pale in comparison to this one- true story. I sat at the counter and couldn't help but respect the craft that they commanded to create this stuff. The bacon wrapped mochi was just as yummy...they slow seared the mochi on all sides, and then did it all over again after they wrapped it in bacon.  I love bacon though so I might be biased on this one.I went on a Wednesday night with my roomie and everyone was so friendly and attentive. I would definitely recommend this place and will be coming back and plan on telling all my friends about it and dragging all my out of town visitors here. Thanks for the yummy food!
<review# 662,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/17/2012,10/18/2012,44,101,3,5,4>It is really hard to base a review on a theater company's entire body of work on having seen one show, but if this production is an accurate representation of the quality of work overall, then this is one of the rare theater companies in Pittsburgh that is not only worth watching, but worth paying their ticket price for.For several years now, I've been accompanying my best friend to her season subscription at the Public Theatre, and have been extremely let down by the quality of the productions, As someone commented on my review of the Public, it is duller than drying paint beige theater.The very first play I saw at Pittsburgh Irish and Classical was electric, but in the few years I've occasionally attended their other productions, they've been very hot and cold, and their very name restricts the kind of theater productions that they can do. And it's not always worth the exorbitant ticket prices they charge.But I signed up for the e-mails from the Pittsburgh Playhouse (which is about the ONLY way to learn about theater productions here - sign up for EACH theater's e-mails - because no one seems to do much marketing beyond that, and the local media certainly doesn't help much for the local arts) and saw that they were presenting 'August: Osage County'...and that the tickets were $24. So we decided to give them a try.And we're damned glad that we did. This was a top notch VERY high production value presentation, of a superbly written and award laden script.The casting was local, and the cream of the crop of local actors. The set was beautiful and functional, and the direction gave the play the exact spark and airborn sizzle that live theater often misses out on in Pittsburgh. This was a three act LONG play that didn't have us nodding off after 40 minutes...which I can NOT say for the 90 minute no-intermission plays that I've seen at the Public. I will also say that the local casting wasn't just a list of 'Equity' professionals, with a few Point Park or CMU students as low-budget 'filler'. Every role on that stage was performed by someone who knew what they were doing, and they all did it perfectly well.As I mentioned, hard to base an entire body of work on seeing one play - but if this one play is an accurate representation, then this is a theater to get on their e-mail list - and with their affordable ticket prices, it's not so 'scary' to take a chance on their productions. The only downfall is the location, which has been pretty much forgotten by the Pittsburgh 'development' geniuses, except of course for UPMC, which has surrounded the one time 'arts' block with behemoth medical facilities. There is limited parking nearby, and there is absolutely nothing to eat within walking distance. Not so problematic if you have a car, but not so easy to plan anything else if you rely on public transportation, or in my friend's case, the Access vans for the disabled. They do have a cafe of sorts, but it's pretty much a generic Starbuck's without the Starbuck's.The theater is ancient. I was there two hundred years ago as a child, and it really looks at though nothing has been changed in the auditorium (except of course the name, which now bears the name of the most recent wealthy donor) since I was there in fourth grade. But that's what an old theater SHOULD be. For me, a true live theater LOVER, it isn't about the atmosphere, it's about the quality of what I'm watching AND paying for. This was a locally produced play worth paying for, a rarity in da burgh. And we look forward to exploring further!
<review# 663,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/13/2012,10/17/2012,34,86,1,4,3>In my mind, this place is 3.5 stars, but they get the bump up for the truly excellent prices (especially for Shadyside).  DJ went through the burger process pretty well so I'll just add a few comments----Burgers are only available medium well.  We asked for less, and were told this was the only option.  Still, the burger (stack) that arrived was indeed medium well and not well, so that was something.  It was also surprisingly juicy for something cooked that much.--$6 for a half pound of meat (double burger) with lots of free toppings.  Many creative ones as well (peanut butter, fried mac & cheese ($), mozz sticks ($))--$1 extra for a variety of fries--we tried the curly, the cajun, and the Old Bay.  The Old Bay fries were way oversalted (like they had been seasoned with Old Bay, which contains salt, and then salted as if regular fries), the curly fries were good, and the cajun fries were really tasty.  This was a nice portion for $1.--$1 off all drinks during Happy Hour weekdays until 7 (not sure when it starts), and $6 Yuengling pitchers until midnight.  This part is a continuation from Fieldhouse (the previous tenant).Fieldhouse was probably my favorite Shadyside bar, and Stack'd hasn't changed much except for the burger twist (and they're missing the zucchini fries).  This is still a great place to catch a game, or three--there are enough TVs to follow many games at once, and there are TVs in every booth. Definitely a solid option if you're in the neighborhood!Update: their dry-rubbed wings are really really good.  The sauced ones are okay, but for $9/dozen I want excellent.  Give them a try (and they'll let you do 6 and 6 instead of the whole dozen as one flavor)!
<review# 664,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/3/2012,10/16/2012,48,142,,13,4>I never tried Bikram Yoga at this studio's old location in the Strip, but when they moved to this new, beautiful space in my own neighborhood, I couldn't help but give it a shot.  Before my first time here, I'd done various other styles of flow and power yoga (Vinyasa, Ashtanga, Forrest) but only done Bikram twice ever in my life, during a new student trial at the studio in squirrel hill.  Although that is a fine studio with nice teachers, I found that I did not enjoy the style of Bikram yoga those first times I went.This studio totally changed my mind.  First, it's an absolutely lovely space.  The lobby is spacious and beautifully decorated, the studio room is now huge and carpet-free but still made out of a material that has much more "give" than hardwood, and the locker rooms have multiple showers!Most importantly, though, the teachers here are very knowledgeable and lead great practices.  They try to learn everyone's names and incorporate individualized compliments and suggested adjusts throughout each practice.  My very first class here was with Danielle, whom I thought was excellent.  She was very knowledgeable and friendly and took the time to answer a bunch of Bikram-yoga-specific questions I had for her at the end of class.Many of the negative reviews here seem more to be complaints about Bikram Yoga itself as opposed to the studio, per se.  Yes, the practice is very hot, and if you've never done it before, your first time will probably be very hard.  You may get dizzy and thirsty, and you may have to sit out of some poses.  But, if you follow the guidelines for class -- drink water to hydrate all day, don't eat 2 hours before class -- and continue to come and stick with it, it becomes an amazing practice.Lastly, I will mention that the culture of the studio is very pleasant.  It jives strongly with the real philosophy behind yoga and why it's a great practice and is a very welcome relief from the yuppie yoga culture that has taken over many other studios (and basically all of Shadyside as a neighborhood).  After I struggled through my first class here, the other students were super supportive in the locker room afterwards, telling me that it was even hotter than usual and that many of them had to sit through multiple poses when they first started, etc.I am very excited that this studio has moved to my neighborhood and look forward to practicing long-term with them!
<review# 665,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/8/2012,10/15/2012,101,324,2,6,2>That's Amore!A new pizzeria I tried.   The owner will is very friendly and will provide you interesting stories about their ingredients, I have tried a couple of items (their pizza and hot italian sub).   Many of their ingredients are local (cheeses, meats, etc...).   He named various vendors that I did not recognize (not from Pittsburgh).Pizza - Hot Italian Sausage (made locally).   The sauce is lite and on the sweet side (a good compliment to the crust).   It has good flavor.   I usually stick my pizza back in the oven (I like to have mine well done)Sub - Hot Italian Sausage with Peppers and Onions - this thing was great.   The bun contained the madness of the sandwich - please make sure you do the italian lean when eating this otherwise I recommend a body bibThe food tasted very good - Pizza had a good crust (not like some of the other pizzerias around).   The sub was overflowing with ingredients.They are known for their Frittatas (they have variety).   I have not tried one but it is next on my list.Price:  Pretty reasonable - Subs - $7 to 8 (great value), Pizza - around $10 (a good size / looks like a medium)Service:  They do have a couple of tables so this is mainly a take out place but they are extremely friendlyGive this local place a shot.  It is in an obscure place (next to my favorite dry cleaners).Overall - I know I will be back. Enjoy!
<review# 666,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/28/2012,10/14/2012,74,344,3,4,3>Recommended by my stylist at Pageboy (do check them out).  I'm in my discovery phase since moving to Pittsburgh and what a nice find!  There are two bars, one on the first level and one upstairs.  I dined at the bar upstairs.  I had all the intent in the world of ordering sushi.  In fact, my mouth had been watering for a good spell while sitting in the stylist's chair.  However, upon perusing the menu, tapas caught my eye.  Darn!  I wanted both but how could I scarf everything down?  Sigh... dilemma to resolve.  Ok... I decided on tapas and will just have to return for sushi another day.  That works.I consulted with my bartender/server who, among his recommendations, recommended the rock shrimp tacos and the pork cheek quesadillas.  I selected those two, as well as the ceviche which first caught my eye.  To drink, I ordered the regular mojito, my new found beloved drink. I was pleased, very pleased, or should I say my stomach, ruler of what is good or not, was pleased.  The rock shrimp tacos come with margarita foam on top (which stays on top throughout -- how is that?) and were messy to eat but I didn't care they were so good.  The surprising part was that they were quite spicy,  Didn't expect that but loved them.  Pork "cheek" quesadillas were very tasty.  I just had to get over the "cheek" part.  And the ceviche?  I think I loved that best.  it was served on crackers/wafers and satisfied the pit of my stomach, thank you very much.The bill for 3 tapas and my mojito came to a price just under $40.  I was happy; that's the price I would have paid for sushi.  Not cheap by any means, but the service, food, and atmosphere were conducive to me not minding the fare.
<review# 667,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/27/2012,10/13/2012,138,226,3,9,5>FYI: Ramen brunch is no longer but you can get their yummy ramen at Station Street Hot Dogs.Every third Sunday of the month Salt does the most wonderful ramen brunch. Your choices are ramen (pork) or ramen (vegetarian). With ramen this delicious you don't need more options than that. Hipsters, geezers, groups, couples and families with children large and small all enjoying the comforts of house-made noodles, smoky pork shoulder, salty pork belly, fish cake, radishes, and one perfectly poached egg. Don't ask me about the vegetarian because if there's pork around, I'm eating it. Sriracha is on the table if you like it spicy. They also have sake and beer available. It's a bit pricey but so-o-o filling and well worth it for a once a month splurge.
<review# 668,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/8/2012,10/11/2012,50,170,2,3,3>I had been wanting to come here for quite some time, and finally made it in for brunch last weekend. I can't even remember how this place got so hyped up in my mind - all I know is that for months it has been on the top of my list. That may be why I was a little bit disappointed despite the fact that I thoroughly enjoyed my experience there. First of all, the coffee is great. It is Fair Trade, though I'm not sure where it is from. The donut menu is neat too, although I am not much of a donut person. If I were I think I'd be in heaven though. The main brunch menu is written on a blackboard, which is hard to read, but I'm guessing it is because they switch up the menu quite often. I am all about creative chefs and frequent changes to menus so if that is the case, it makes sense. I tried a polenta dish with a red sauce (sorry - I can't remember exactly what it was) and thought it was great. I also got to try the egg sammy, which was also great.Make sure to bring cash - Brunch is cash-only (maybe dinner is too) and there is an ATM across the street, but it was out of order when I was there.
<review# 669,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/22/2013,11/1/2013,59,85,,3,3>I came here for a late bite on Restaurant week, and man -- wicked good Mac and Cheese. Made with melty, creamy Gouda, and with bacon liberally mixed in, this stuff is the real deal. Also, for an extra couple bucks, I had a mountain of pulled pork heaped on top. It was like an extra meal on top of my meal, and man, did it satisfy. The only thing holding me back from 5-starring this place is that my and my wife's drinks weren't great. Cheap, and served promptly, but a vodka-soda and a Tom Collins aren't exactly what I'd deem "hard to nail." Still, I would eat here again in a heartbeat. Great bar food.
<review# 670,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/8/2013,10/31/2013,351,500,,5,5>While looking for a restaurant that's open on Sunday night, we remembered that we had not yet had dinner here, so made a quick reservation (a must) and made our way to the Cultural District (not Squirrel Hill, as it erroneously says here on Yelp). My first impression was positive, as I like the decor and look of the place, with its high ceilings, plush velvet banquet seating and streamlined, Steampunk vibe; kind of butchery meets 19th century cafe. The bar is in the center of the room, and it was lively, even on a Sunday evening. Service was prompt and helpful, and we decided to each have the caesar salad and share some apps. The caesar here is non traditional and delicious, with both cracklins and chicharron standing in for croutons, pickled green tomatoes adding zest and a fried egg on top for richness. This is a fantastic salad, considerably more hefty than the original version with all of the protein and fried elements, but playful and surprisingly well balanced. We shared the fried chicken livers, the ahi tuna taquitos, and a special of the night, pork belly with mole, corn esquites and pickled cabbage. The fried chicken livers were delicious...perfectly cooked and served with a rather spicy dipping sauce. The ahi taquitos were good too, and provided a little relief from the richness of the other two dishes. They feature ahi ceviche stuffed into tiny hard taco shells and topped with cilantro and a yummy drizzle of their sauce. These are spicy and rather addictive. The special was excellent. They achieved succulent perfection in the preparation of their pork belly, which the server told us was braised, but which had a lovely caramelized exterior, so perhaps it was finished under the salamander. The fat had not been rendered away, and was meltingly soft. A decadent indulgence. I am sometimes loath to order mole at any restaurant, as I'm so often disappointed, but their's was very good, not too sweet and not overly spicy. The pickled cabbage provided a nice counterpoint to the full bodied pork and sauce, and the corn was delicious. Overall, excellent food served in a fun atmosphere. This is not everyday food for me, as I treasure my arteries, but you can order fish here, and you don't have to eat fried food, beef or pork belly to have a good meal. The drink menu is interesting and not overly pricey, and the wine list is well thought out. I'll be returning.
<review# 671,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/29/2013,10/30/2013,33,86,,3,3>This might be the one place in Pittsburgh where the spicy level is totally accurate. Anywhere else, I just order basically the top number, knowing that they calm it down for me. But here, BEWARE. I was talked down to a 3/5, and glad to have been convinced!The food here was amazing, very authentic, came out very quickly and I will absolutely be back. They get a point off for their annoying ego though - no reservations, no phone, can only be seated when whole party is there, price is high for the portion.
<review# 672,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/19/2013,10/28/2013,330,1031,3,5,3>It's hard to believe that I would get up early on a Saturday morning to stand in line for 45 minutes for the opportunity to have breakfast at a dive.  I mean in the Strip District.  Deluca's is a mighty Pittsburgh tradition.  I get that.  I can see that this place is definitely a Yinzer kind of place.Service was really great.  I mean it.  I mean, here you are trying to shovel food to starving patrons with achy feet after their long wait.  Think about that, it can't be pleasant.The menu covers a lot of territory.  But I already knew I was going to be having a Western Omelet.  BJ followed a coworker friends bad advice and got the corned beef hash.  We were expecting the real thing, but I am sure this stuff came straight from a can.  Although it was grilled up really nice.  The home fries were really good.  The wheat toast was the best.  The ham in my omelet was very good.All in all an interesting experience.  Another surprise, I had to take another shower that day in an attempt to remove the smell of grease from my body.  It's something I will not soon forget.  Did I say that I am a fan?  You can't mess with tradition.
<review# 673,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/19/2013,10/27/2013,48,74,,2,1>After eating here only once, Legume is now in the top of my favorite Pittsburgh restaurants list.  Consistent with what's already been said, this place is amazing! We tried several of their pates, each with a distinctive flavor-some smokey, some  savory-all delicious.  We next tried the grilled escarole salad- one of the best things I've ever eaten- the combo between the bitter escarole, salty parmesan, sweet cherry tomato, and crispy bacon was heavenly.  I had the sausage with polenta and escarole (you can tell, I love escarole).  The home made sausage was delicious, but the star of the plate, for me at least, was the polenta.  Creamy and caramelized on the outside, this was perhaps the best polenta I've ever had.  We finished wth the pear tart, which was also good, but I would leave more room for the savory dishes!  Their cocktails are fabulous, I've heard, but we stuck with wine to pair with dinner-  their wine list was phenomenal, and clearly chosen to pair well with the food for the day.   As their menu changes daily, I know I'll be back very soon...
<review# 674,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/7/2013,10/26/2013,95,245,1,8,2>Olive or Twist is the historic site of my VERY FIRST MARTINI when I turned 21, many years ago.  It's been a long, happy union.While Olive or Twist is NOT a five star restaurant, it gets 5 stars from me because I love it.  Its one of the few places I know of that has been CONSISTANTLY good.  for years!  The interior is warm and a little bit industrial.  The downstairs is the same as it has always been and it's still very nice.The drinks are great although the first martini I ever had (a girl doesn't forget!  [well,this one didn't]) was a Pineapple Upside Down martini and I don't think they offer that anymore but they do have a very expansive martini menu.  I tried the chipotle martini and it was so excellent that when I took my first sip I sighed in a way my bf turned to me and sarcastically said, "Oh, you're going to be Yelping about that, aren't you?"  Then, I refused to let him even try it bc it was that good.  It was MINE.I also had a cake batter martini which tasted great and came out looking so pretty I instagrammed a picture of it and immediately all my friends clicked like on it, and my one aunt commented I should drink less.  Whatever. She needs a martini.The service was great.  Our waitress, Lauren, was really cool and very good at recommending the drinks--the chipotle martini was her recommendation, I would never had ordered that on my own.We had the buffalo chicken dip which was served in a martini glass and it was really good.My favorite thing on the menu there is the tomato basil bisque soup and it has been rocking my lunch hour for the past ten years.  It's delicious.  Its so good that Lauren and I actually high fived when she brought it out.  (true story.)My bf had the chicken caprese wrap and said it was excellent, it was gone within minutes so that is a good sign.I highly recommend this place for lunch, after dinner cocktails, or a date.  This is one of my favorite downtown lunch spots!
<review# 675,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/10/2013,10/25/2013,45,257,,5,2>I'm not even sure how I first learned about the Carrie Furnace tours, but for $25 it was an interesting way to spend a Saturday morning.  Ticket price gets you a 2 hour or so guided tour through the site.  Our tour guide used to work in the furnaces and offered many personal stories and insights that definitely enhanced the whole experience.  I did, however, question the safety of the tour on several occasions.  Which is probably why they make you sign a waiver before getting near the place.  Taking in the history of the whole complex, realizing that this is only a tiny part of it, was pretty amazing.  The fact that Rivers of Steel is working to preserve and restore the area is a great service.  Our tour guide walked us through the whole process of iron making from start to finish.  I definitely recommend checking out the website riversofsteel.com to see the different tours they offer.  Materials found at the site have been used to make a deer head and other artists have taken advantage of the inspiring surroundings.While part of me wants to return once the site is cleaned up, part of me is glad I went now when we truly got to see all aspects of the facility.  In the meantime, it would definitely enhance the experience if there were photos or videos of the site at work back in the day.
<review# 676,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/29/2013,10/24/2013,27,162,1,8,5>Thank You Las Palmas.Thank you for answering the unsatisfied craving for quality authentic West Coast Mexican food I've had for years since leaving Orange County.Thank you for being that cheap (read $6 for 3 tacos) staple quick food fix when I don't feel like taking the car or bike out to grab some grub.And thank you for offering not only a great taco stand with a variety of fresh simple dressings, but also an always fully and freshly stocked ethnic grocery store where I can find hard to get items for a quarter of the price that competitors charge.As I've watched you expand over the past 3 years...  just PLEASE do me a favor, don't lose sight of what makes you great!
<review# 677,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/1/2013,10/23/2013,15,29,2,2,3>I'm not sure I have ever met a Thai dish I didn't like so perhaps I'm not the most unbiased reviewer here, but Thai Gourmet is one of those places that makes me salivate just thinking about it.This small little joint gives a hole-in-the-wall impression from the outside, but inside everything feels very crisp and clean.  There is a little bit of an art explosion on the walls, but I consider it a plus to get to muse about the various scenes, random portraits, etc. while enjoying my meal.  Everything I have ordered from here has always been fresh and a HUGE plus in my book is that they are incredibly consistent with their spiciness levels.  I can handle heat but nothing too extreme and I usually order a "6" here, but my boyfriend sometimes convinces me to kick it up a notch to a "7".  Neither is overwhelming, but I can almost never finish my entire meal and have learned that the heat grows as the food sits and a "7" makes for some mouth-numbing leftovers.My current favorite dish on their menu is the baby bok choy in garlic sauce with shrimp, but I really think you can't go wrong with anything on the menu.  This particular dish is cooked to perfection... the bok choy leaves wilt just the right amount and soak up the sauce while the stem stays a bit "al dente" to create texture.  It is served with a healthy portion of shrimp and if memory serves me correctly fits the bill at around $10.  To be honest I have never paid attention to the price because 1) whatever they charged I would be willing to pay for it and 2) I'm always amazed at how little the total cost is when I have a full second portion to take home with me.If you order takeout, they also include a delectable little brownie to go with each entree.  My ONLY gripe with them is that they sometimes go on extended vacations (like right now, for example... tried to go there last week and saw that they are closed until the end of August).  I know, everyone deserves a vacation.  But maybe they could give me some warning so I can order up a full freezer's worth of food before they go???
<review# 678,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/10/2013,10/22/2013,35,164,,3,3>Another night in Lawrenceville spent watching sports and this is the place to go.  They have a great beer selection and tasty menu.  The bar is huge, the seating area is spacious and there are lots of big screen TVs!  It can get really crowded so I recommend making reservations. Our waitress took about 15-20 minutes to come to our table to take our drink order however it was very crowded with many parties getting seated at the same time. She apologized profusely claiming there was a mix-up with servers and made up for it the rest of the night. The beer menu has a great selection of drafts and bottled beer. I choose Blue Point Pumpkin and the waitress was kind enough to ask if I would like cinnamon and sugar on the rim-yes please!  The menu slightly changed since my last visit and I was disappointed that they took off the pot roast sliders but a pot roast entree is still on the menu. I went with the roast beef sandwich which had gruyere cheese and came with a delicious au jus sauce and I was not disappointed!
<review# 679,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/16/2011,10/29/2011,27,88,,8,1>My girlfriend and I decided to ride our bikes down to Coca Cafe and get some breakfast. Once we arrived we were told there would be a 10 minute wait.A lot of people keep repeating that the service here is bad. I guess I can see where they are coming from if you're a pretty high strung person who is used to being in and out of a restaurant and fed as soon as you sit down. The Coca Cafe is not this place and it's really obvious. It's a pretty small cafe and you're going to have to deal with a little bit of waiting. The owner, or at least what I thought was a manager of some sort did not seat a group of two while we were waiting because the rest of their party was not there. This is a simple rule and it allows people who are ready and on time to get a seat. In a place as small as Coca Cafe you can't afford to seat half of a party while they wait however long for the rest of their people. This might be considered "rude" to people but it's born of necessity. The "customer is always right" mantra is not universally accepted at every establishment you patronize.Anyway, with that out of the way. We were seated in less than 10 minutes and ordered two omelets. I had the wild mushroom omelet (shiitake and portabello) with Jarlsberg cheese, a side of grilled potatoes, and pumpernickel toast. My girlfriend had the tomato, feta, and pesto omelet. I got an orange juice with my water which was definitely freshly squeezed and delicious.After a little bit of a wait (see my earlier rant) we got our food which was amazing. The omelets were full and incredibly hardy. The mushrooms were fresh and springy with a tiny bit of crunch to them. The Jarlsberg cheese was so mild that I forgot it was in there at first; you can choose from two different cheeses so next time I think I'll try the other cheese to see if it is less subtle. The egg was cooked just right, a little crispy brownness on the edges and fluffy everywhere else. Nowhere in the omelet did I find raw yolk which I absolutely hate. The potatoes were cooked through and crispy on the outside, seasoned to perfection.
<review# 680,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/12/2011,10/28/2011,31,40,6,12,6>7/31 - Move to Bloomfield.8/1 - Go to Groceria Italiana.8/3 - Go to Groceria Italiana.8/4 - Go to Groceria Italiana.8/5 - Go to Groceria Italiana.It's just that damn good. This place is what it would be like if your Italian grandmother opened a grocery store near you, so that you could still enjoy her homemade goodness while you're away. Everything I've had from the hot foods table is phenomenal -- the oft-touted meatball sandwiches, the eggplant parm, the stuffed peppers (brought 'em home to my dad dahn in Washpa, and he said it was THE best stuffed pepper he'd ever had), the chicken cacciatore, the Italian sausage, the rotini with meat sauce, and the pepperoni rolls. OH, the pepperoni rolls! They're big, they're stuffed with quality pepperoni and cheese, they're crispy on the bottom, and have what I consider the determining factor in what makes a pepperoni roll awesome -- tons of burnt cheese crusted on the outside. (Side note: If you want a pepperoni roll and are in Bloomfield, come here; don't go to Pizza Italia.) But, it doesn't stop there. It's easy to walk straight over to the hot foods and ignore the rest of the store, but don't. The freezers are packed with good food glory! Grab a bag of the frozen, homemade gnocchi and a quart of the marinara sauce (kept in the cooler with salads), and you've got an incredible meal in 5 minutes flat. The gnocchi are perfection -- dense, yet light, and the flavor screams, "I'm homemade! Boxed, pre-packaged gnocchi ain't got nothin' on me!" I'm going to buy 4 more bags of them today. They also have frozen, homemade pierogies (haven't tried 'em yet), pastas, sausages, Italian ice, and -- drumroll, please -- tiramisu. There's a sign on the front door that says, "We have the best tiramisu!" and they are not lyin'. It's phenomenal. Because of that, it's also super dangerous stuff. Diet-ruining, can't-stop-eating kinda stuff.They have a nice li'l selection of pantry stuff, too -- quality olive oils, vinegars, anchovies, olives, spices, mayo, etc., as well as a small refrigerated section with milk, and some local produce, like lettuce, cukes, tomatoes, etc. This is definitely a place you can pop into to try and avoid a Giant Eagle run!Last, but not least, something good to know: I asked one of the guys working there if they had certain days of the week designated for certain dishes, and he said, "No, the two ladies just come in early and see what's in the kitchen and make whatever they feel like making that day!" I love that. Somebody's grandma really is making this food, and you can tell it's all made with lots and lots of love. Groceria Italiana, I will be patronizing you for years to come!
<review# 681,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/15/2011,10/27/2011,125,61,1,5,2>Showing my age, I can say that I had several dinners in this location when it was Baum Vivant.  It's great to see such a great use of the space that is the restaurant Toast.  I went here for a private dinner of about 15 people.  There was a pre-set menu that had about 4 choices for appetizer, entree, and dessert.  I went with the asparagus soup, hanger steak, and chocolate mousse.  All were excellent.  Toast has a very extensive list of wines by the glass.  This is a pretty unusual thing to see around the Burgh (and a common thing to see in SF).  Each wine glass also comes in 3 different sizes which is great if you want to try a bunch of different wines.  I thought this was really creative.Toast is an excellent restaurant for a larger group like ours.  I definitely plan to come back again to experience the full menu.The only negative thing I can say about Toast is that for a weeknight, the parking situation sucks.  There's no lot, no valet, and you have to park on the street.  I don't know if there's a valet on the weekend or not, but that would greatly help.
<review# 682,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/14/2011,10/26/2011,13,26,,6,5>My daughter and I had reservations at NOLA before going to see a Friday night performance of Wicked.  We were over 30 minutes late for our reservation due to traffic and weather, but were still seated almost immediately.  We let the host and our server know that we had theater tickets, so we were kind of restricted on time, especially since we arrived late.  Our server thanked us for letting him know and was very attentive throughout our meal and got us out in plenty of time for the show.  He was also very knowledgeable on menu.  We shared the Crispy Fried Alligator which was perfectly light and crisp and tasty.  My daughter opted for a bowl of French Onion Soup.  As soon as hers arrived, it smelled so fantastic that I ordered a bowl too.  The veal broth, vermouth and caramelized onions made for a slightly sweet, total delectable soup.   If you love French Onion Soup, be sure to try this one.  You won't be disappointed. My daughter got the Steak Frites et Salade.  Perfectly cooked steak, tasty fries and salad.  She enjoyed it.I got the Seafood Jambalaya.  Perfectly caramelized rice, seasoned with a pleasantly spicy kick,  plump scallops & shrimp, generous pieces of sausage and crispy chicken drummettes.  Definitely another hit. And sitting near the kitchen, we could see the desserts and had been eying them since we sat down.  We decided to share a Bananas Foster.  It was made with moist delicious banana bread pudding, crispy sweet banana fritters and homemade rich luscious caramel ice cream.  Every bite was amazing. We'll definitely eat there again!
<review# 683,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/10/2011,10/25/2011,34,104,,9,2>Excellent spa for a massage and facial. This area is not my fortay usually, but I got a certificate for Valentine's day from my husband this year and it turned out to be an amazing gift. I would never had thought about getting a facial, but it was so enjoyable and my skin was glowing for a week. The woman doing my facial was really friendly and she even explained everything she was doing the whole time. I apologize, as I forgot her name and can't refer you to her; I was like a happy drunk already after getting 60 minutes of massage. But her legacy is that her consultation changed my outlook on daily skincare for the better.This place is pricey, but it is worth it if you can spare the cash. The atmosphere is very relaxing and clean and the staff is very professional. I left after a massage and facial and felt like a new person. It was quite amazing. The products that they use for facials are high quality and largely organic. Parking can be tricky because of the location, so leave yourself some extra time to arrive. You'll also have to complete some paperwork too, so be aware of that as well. Treat yourself to some serious relaxation at Evolve whenever you can spare the time and cash.
<review# 684,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/31/2011,10/24/2011,86,173,,5,3>I think the business name is misleading; Daquila Hair Color Studio is also a great place to get a cut!My partner has been getting his cuts here for a year or so with great results. I finally decided to give them a try myself. I made my appointment with Nicole for a Friday, which they call a clinic day because the owner, Deborah, sort-of councils the staff while they work. As I understood it, services are cheaper on Fridays because of this. At first, it seemed like it'd be a stressful environment, but I found that having the two of them assess my hair was not an inconvenience, but a benefit, as a second opinion was always on hand! Deborah helped design the plan for my hair and Nicole executed it with ease. As another reviewer mentioned, she really took her time; that really makes a client feel special. I have never seen this place get very busy, and I have to wonder why because their staff is qualified, their prices are fair, and the space is bright and very pleasant.
<review# 685,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/12/2011,10/23/2011,73,81,3,6,5>Holy effing crap.  Our experience with this duo was just amazing.   Studio Bash is an award winning husband and wife duo who not only take amazing photos (seriously, they somehow managed to make my mug look good), but also are on the spot anxiety therapists, impromptu coordinators, and at a certain point in the day, solely responsible for keeping us on schedule.Derrick and Aly Bash have a seamless routine, and they are unbelievable experts at it.  They give you the sense that everything is totally cool, and are constantly keeping things moving without ever once making it seem like we were in a time crunch.When the wedding started, I would swear to you that those two suddenly became a deft mixture: Part Ninja/Part Jumper.  They moved through the entire wedding, and you could see them giving signal coordination when one of them had a better vantage for a photo op.  Kind of awesome to watch.  These two are unbelievable, and I would give them the highest recommendation.  My only advice is to book them early, because they're consistently booked based on amazing word of mouth.  These guys rock.
<review# 686,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/7/2011,10/22/2011,40,102,,3,2>First order of business:  This is not a typical east carson st bar.  You can go here on a Friday or Saturday night, have a great meal, a handful of beers while sitting down and chat with your friends.  Try doing this anywhere else.Now that's taken care of, this has hands down the best happy hour I have experienced in Pittsburgh.  From 5-7 and 9-11pm drafts are $3.  Small plates are half off from 5-7 and 9pm-1am.  That said, the small plates (8 of 'em) are pretty solid.  Everything from sliders and fries to house made hummus to SCALLOPS and MUSSELS.  The menu goes way beyond that with another 7-8 sandwiches from $8-12 and 6 entrees from $9-25.The beer selection is solid.  Nothing unseen, but the draft list of 8-10 craft beers is a nice surprise especially at $3!  Bottle list is very extensive.I will be back, for happy hour!
<review# 687,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/6/2011,10/21/2011,69,269,1,5,3>I shop in the strip all the time.  I come to Stamoolis for a few things:  feta, stuffed grape leaves, and olives.  They have lots of Greek items, so if that's your thing, you should swing through.They have something like 8+ different types of feta (French, Bulgerian, Greek, Greek Barrel, etc.) I didn't know there were that many different types until I came here.  The stuffed grape leaves are my bench mark for grape leaves.  Dilly, lemony, a bit sour, stuffed with rice...I love these things here.  I also get my olives for dirty martinis here...pick out your olives, get them weighed, and then fill up your container with brine and...voila! the best dirty martini brine you can find, for practically free.They also have a relatively extensive cheese selection, albeit nothing as compared to Penn Mac.  It's definitely cheaper than Penn Mac though, so if you're looking for smaller quantities, or some more common cheeses, check here first.
<review# 688,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/16/2011,10/20/2011,15,81,,3,3>Carson Street Deli is a great South Side business. For over a year now, the owner has been running a Wednesday night beer tasting. This is the place to be to learn about every new brewery that gets distributed in Pittsburgh and learn to like a few new types of beer. Don't miss the annual stout float tasting! They also have a constantly rotating tap selection. At least one tap is always devoted to East End, and this is the place on the South Side to get East End growlers filled. If you don't have a growler, they have good prices on a great variety of choose-your-own six-packs. Aside from beer and Wednesday nights, Carson Street Deli has always-dependable sandwiches. Large but no grease, so it's one of the healthiest lunch options if you're on the South Side. If you get a sandwich with deli meats on Breadworks bread (i.e. the Godfather), you won't be disappointed.  As an added bonus, this is one of the cleanest and well-lit "bars" on the South Side - a place you can go with your Mom or new significant other.
<review# 689,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/4/2012,9/8/2012,48,370,3,3,3>I checked the rental rates around the country, and the fees are in line with what others are charging.  You get bikes that are in great mechanical shape and the shop is right on the bike trail.  I also like that the ice cream and cold water are sold at reasonable prices.  One other cool thing is the misting station, I just love stopping here on a hot day...just for the misting station.  The staff is very enthusiastic and friendly, this is a well run shop.
<review# 690,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/12/2012,9/7/2012,50,62,5,10,6>If you've ever been to The Strip District on a Saturday you know the world of wonders and happiness that awaits every patron. The smells, variety, mashing of cultures, foods, drinks... they make even the most stoic person dance and spin like Templeton from Charlotte's Web after the fair. The newest addition to this sensory mosaic is a little place in the heart of The Strip on Smallman called "R Wine Cellar". I was walking with friends to Peace, Love and Little Donuts this weekend, when i saw the sign for R Wine. Like Maverick in Top Gun I banked, peeling off from my group, going rogue to see what this place had to offer. The inside was nice- small, but clean. And this is clearly a family operation. They have a small, but varied variety of wines they offer, and they really know their stuff. All of it is made on site, and patrons of an appropriate age can sample any and all of them. I tried all the whites and two reds (they are small samples, ok? I was driving. It wasn't an issue). They ranged from dry to sweet, and while I don't possess the professional palate of some, I thought they were quite good. The other great thing, is that they are VERY reasonably priced. I tasted a sweeter one, and realized my girlfriend would love it. When I looked at the price of $12 I said "I cannot pass this up." The owner took time to talk with me, and told me all about the wines, where they get the grapes, what each one is like... It was amazing! I like to be sparing with 5-star reviews, but these people were so friendly and welcoming that they made it feel like we could all get dinner together one day. I highly recommend this place. ++++++++++++++++++++++++++++THE WINES++++++++++++++++++++++++++++These are the wines we have tried so far. All of them have been good. Fiona Chardonnay- This is a light sweet wine. Actually, this is quite possibly the sweetest wine I've ever tasted. I prefer dry wines, but even I had to admit to how tasty this was. See, it wasn't sweet like someone had dumped a bunch of sugar in it, it was sweet like crisp juice. Like a refreshing glass of amazing fruit juice. Not heavy at all, or pucker-worthy. My girlfriend (being a fan of sweet wines) says this is her new favorite- hands down. Also, we are baffled that this is a 12% ABV wine, when it tastes like the platonic ideal of grape juice. Cabernet SauvignonAnother 12% selection. This was surprising (in a very good way). I was debating getting the merlot, but instead opted for the cabernet, remembering that when I tasted them the cab surprised me. It is a lot lighter than one might expect from this kind of a red. It is crisp and tasty, going down very easily. This is a great one to pair with a summer meal, in my opinion, since it doesn't sit heavy. I loved it.+++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++Further reviewing to come: As we drink the wines from this place, I'll do my best to add reviews on here about each one. This won't be a wine connoisseur's palate  speaking... just someone who likes some vino... but I'll do what I can!
<review# 691,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/10/2012,9/6/2012,60,584,1,4,4>I here for dinner this past Friday evening with my girlfriend in orderto celebrate my 30th birthday.  I had wanted to come here years agowhenever I worked nearby but it fell off my radar until it showed upon Pittsburgh magazine's top 25 list this year.  The restaurant itselfis a castle of sorts and quite impressive whenever you drive up to it.It is secluded from the main road by a long driveway and trees andgives you the impression that you have been transported over toEurope.  The gardens surrounding the building are beautiful and helpto support this feeling.  We were able to walk them after our dinnerservice had been completed and thoroughly enjoyed it.  The building andits grounds alone are worth a trip to this restaurant.Once inside the castle my girlfriend and I were seated in a mediumsized room with a large vaulted ceiling.  The plates had a picture ofthe Hyeholde on them and the silverware was both ornate and dainty withintricate holed patterns at the bottom.  My girlfriend and I decidedthat everything about it reminded us of Victorian England.  After abit of a wait and some cocktails, we finally got around to ordering.We decided to start off with soups for our appetizers with mygirlfriend ordering the seasonal soup (a salmon corn chowder) while Idecided on the sherry bisque.  My bisque was creamy with a slightlysour taste from the sherry which I really enjoyed.  The corn chowderwas savory and tasted good with the salmon having very littlefishiness at all.  For my entree I decided on the Elk cooked mediumrare at the chef's recommendation.  It came with sides of roastedbeets and mushroom bread pudding.  I had forgotten that the dish hadbeets on it whenever it came to our table as they looked like tinypotatoes.  So I was pleasantly surprised by the flavor of beets whichI enjoy in my first bite.  The Elk came in two separate pieces and wasvery lean.  It tasted much like a Fillet Mignon and my only complaintwith it is that I wish it would have been seasoned a bit more.  Still,it was good quality meat.  Finally the mushroom bread pudding wasgood, albeit quite salty.  Whenever it was eaten altogether with theelk and beets, the salt was cut down and it ended up adding a niceearthiness to the meal.  After dinner I decided to have a cup ofcappuccino in lieu of dessert.  It came served with 2 brown sugar cubesand 2 white cubes on a spoon, a biscotti and was covered with quite a bit of froth.  As expected it was not a "fake" cappuccino and tasted quitegood, especially after the use of a sugar cube.The bottom line for me is that I will definitely come back here in thefuture.  It was nice to see the beautiful grounds and all bythemselves would have warranted a 5 star rating.  The food was alsogood in its own way and I am looking forward to trying the salt blockhalibut in the near future.
<review# 692,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/14/2012,9/5/2012,1891,388,1,6,3>One of the top five Best Restaurants in Pittsburgh!I was trying to find somewhere new and different to take my wife Tamika for Mother's Day and I immediately thought of Donato's as she LOVES Italian food.I was able to easily book our reservation on my phone using the Open Table app. At the time of reservation I requested a booth.  I even got a telephone reminder from the restaurant of the date and time of our reservation. When we arrived we were greeted by the host, our jackets taken and we were escorted to our booth.Our waiter, John C. quickly came and took our drink orders and placed fresh warm bread on the table. Our favorite was the bread that was similar to pizza. I could eat that stuff all day long! F.Y.I. They do have a kid's menu but, it's not listed in the menu. You just have to ask. They offer a huge cheeseburger, chicken tenders and a kids version of just about every pasta on the menu. Our daughter got her usual cheeseburger and fries and absolutely loved them($10).The wife ordered the Tagliatelle Bolognese ($15), a pasta dish with beef, pork and veal. I tried the Lasagna Fresca ($16). Each entree comes with either soup or salad. Tamika got a salad and I got the Crab Bisque. It was the best I have EVER had. I wanted to drink out of the bowl, it was that good!Tamika thought her Bolognese was outstanding. My Lasagna was good but, not life changing. My portion was quite small compared to Tamika's huge bowl of pasta and my noodles were over cooked and almost mushy. I prefer my pasta just past al dente.The service was OUTSTANDING! Tied for the best we've had in any restaurant. Our glasses never got empty. All of the waiters work as a team. If a different waiter walks by and notices a  empty plate he/she whisks it away without you even noticing it.At the end of the meal we were each given a tasty ginger snap type of cookie and my wife was given a white rose which is her favorite color rose.My only complaints are that my Lasagna noodles were overcooked and portion was small for the price and the kids burger is expensive @ ($10). I do highly recommend Donato's and will be back often.
<review# 693,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/24/2012,9/4/2012,45,195,,4,2>HELLLLOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO BISTRO!  This place is one of my go-to places when I'm hungry.  I absolutely love it and find myself craving it constantly.  Sometimes you just really want a salad and Hello Bistro is there to save your day!So, for $9 you get all the fixins including gourmet toppings like avocado!  The proteins they offer also cater to vegans and vegetarians in that they offer tofu!  I love that they offer dried cranberries and toasted walnuts.  What's also great is you can switch up the salad every time you come here.  They have lots of different dressings and you can sample all of them to see which one you like.  The salad is REALLY filling but if you have room I do suggest ordering the fries.  They're pretty darn delicious but after the one time I ordered fries and a salad I learned the hard way that I can only have room for the one or the other - and the salad wins!Seriously, check it out!  You can make your salad as crazy or simple as you like it.   Hard to believe this place is owned by Eat n Park.Oh, and they serve beer and wine!
<review# 694,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/1/2012,9/3/2012,104,86,,4,3>Holy crap, this place is goooood, I mean real good. It was so crazy delicious and the set up is really cute. Great atmosphere, great eats. I had the chicken with goat cheese mashed potatoes and I had to stop mid meal to weep into my napkin because the food was so good. I basically licked my plate clean. We also shared the shrimp and grits and cheese curd appetizers and they were amazeballs. The shrimp was kind of sweet and the grits were just the right amount of spicy. It's not exactly cheap, but for such excellent cuisine and a gastropub-y experience, it's not bad at all.I think you might need a reservation to go -- so book one. What are you doing? Go book one!
<review# 695,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/23/2012,9/2/2012,93,143,,2,1>Amazing!  We stopped for breakfast this morning and I was very impressed.  The decor is very classy; it almost feels you stepped into a NY deli or something.  Wood counters, huge thick cutting boards displaying baked goods, jazz playing, and artfully written chalkboard menus on the wall.The coffee is good, and the breakfast sandwiches are better.  I had local fried egg + cheddar on a pretzel roll, which to my delight was HUGE and came with fresh lettuce and tomato.  For $4?!?!  Take that, Egg McMuffin.  The husband had pastrami cured salmon and cucumber on an everything bagel.  He said it was awesome.We will definitely make more breakfast stops here, but I'm also looking forward to trying lunch.  Everything on the menu looked so delicious, plus they had pumpkin pecan bread pudding...couldn't bring myself to order it for breakfast, but I'm going to have to try it someday soon!
<review# 696,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/8/2012,9/1/2012,64,177,,4,2>Went in with a large party for lunch (9 people) during the week since we all synchronized our lunch hours so that we could catch up and enjoy a meal together.  I was very happy to see that we got put up in the loft overhang area so we could be loud (talking not being obnoxious of course) without disturbing the rest of the patrons.I usually take my time looking at the menu in an effort to (1) pick a dish worthy of a Yelp review but also (2) challenge my palate and brain to keep it fresh.  Unfortunately taking my time was not going to work so I went with my olde standby--the closest thing I could get to a Turkey BLT type sandwich.  ...because bacon makes EVERYTHING better.All in all we had a chicken strips meal, a couple steak hoagies, my turkey blt, a fish sandwich, and a couple salads.  All of the food came in about 20 minutes, which considering we probably overwhelmed the kitchen, that was pretty awesome timing.All of the food tasted excellently, and it was warm or still piping hot when it got to us.  Aside from a bit of a delay in keeping out glasses full of water/pop, service was on-point and efficient.  But that's to be expected since we were a larger group and we were up by ourselves upstairs and our waitress had tables downstairs as well.I can't wait to go back with a little more time to give their beer selection a shot and maybe order something different. :-)
<review# 697,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/17/2012,8/31/2012,59,67,4,2,3>Stopped into Industry to watch one of the Pens playoff games.  Boy, it was PACKED!  We stood at the bar and waited for a table, which thankfully opened up sooner than expected.  The draft list here is really extensive and they also have interesting cocktails and a ton of whiskey and bourbon.  I was happy to see Arsenal Cider on the menu as well as a few of Industry's own brews.  I tried an Industry I.P.H and an East End Big Hop (can never pass it up when it's on tap!).  Even though the large bar was busy the service was not bad and we weren't waiting long for beers.  This is a great place to watch sports, which makes it stick out like a sore thumb in L-ville.  I'm not hatin', though, I loved being able to watch hockey on what seemed to be a zillion tvs everywhere.  The vibe is sort of classier than the average sports bar, and I hope they keep that up.  When we were seated we ordered wings and fries.  The Filament Fries have Rosemary Truffle Oil and Gorgonzola cheese all over them, so it was predetermined that I would be in love.  They were very, very tasty.  The wings were OK, not the best quality I've had, but the spice rub we got on them was balanced and flavorful.  A few things of note that made me giddy:  1.  They have Bison bacon you can order as a side.  2.  Their silverware is pretty (I'm a dork).3.  They have mac n cheese (I need to go back soon and get it)Service was great, especially impressive for such a new place.  I'll be sure to be back soon.
<review# 698,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/17/2012,8/30/2012,48,221,1,4,2>We stumbled across this place tonight, on it's opening night.  Very glad we decided to stop in for dinner.  I love it.  The open air of even the first (2nd?) floor is really nice.  Next time, I'll sit on the rooftop patio.  Drinks: I got the Mango drink off the cocktail list and it was very good.  Fresh mango, light, and fruity.  Perfect for a summer Friday night.Appetizer: queso/chorizo dip.  It was very flavorful - but what I liked most were the chips.  I like it when a restaurant even tries to make the little things good - and doesn't just give you a handful of store-bought typical tortilla chips.  These were good chips - fried, and delicious.  I kept going back to the ceviche and the pineapple salsa...two things my husband isn't a huge fan of.  So I just got them for dinner.  Okay, both come with chips, so by now, this is a lot of chips.  I got the pinapple salsa, and it had a pleasant kick to it. I also got the watermelon tuna ceviche.  It could use a little touch of something to decrease the acidity, but overall very very good.  I didn't finish either - but that could have been because 1) I was tired of chips or 2) I was saving room for dessert.And so glad I did.  And dessert chimichanga ...  OMGfriedcheesecake!  It's amazeballs. Probably my favorite things I had that night.  Seeeerrrrriously...save room for dessert.We will be back, for sure.
<review# 699,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/19/2013,10/10/2013,2678,1419,12,19,14>Prior to becoming the Benedum, this marvelous odeum was known as The Stanley Theater from 1912 to 1987. A legendary venue, The Stanley hosted performances from scores of famous acts including Bob Marley whose very last concert took place here in September of 1980. Billboard magazine even declared it the "Number One Auditorium in the U.S." for several years during the late 70's and early 80's. Being an ardent, studied (obsessed?) fan of hard rock and heavy metal, I am aware of the Benedum's history but never came here during that heyday (I was but a child then). What may have been the grandest of stages for the likes of Thin Lizzy, Blue Oyster Cult, Iron Maiden (their first ever Pittsburgh gig was here on the 4th of July in '81!), and Judas Priest (whom Maiden opened for) is now better suited for low-key entertainment from my perspective.The Benedum is a beautiful and elaborate hall with fine acoustics and dedicated, professional staff, but I feel that it was the wrong place for Alice In Chains, whom I caught here very recently.  Thinking that this would have to be an "unplugged" set or a VH-1 Storytellers type of affair considering where it was to be held, I almost didn't bother to procure a ticket (I had to go to stubhub.com since it was a sell-out). Alas, the lure of seeing a band I admire for the first time in person was strong. My faults are as follows...1-AIC sounded fine, but the venue killed the vibe for me. Again, I know that many hard rock/metal bands passed through it decades ago, but I have no idea what it was like then. Today, it doesn't work for these kinds of shows; it was too confining. The seats were small, people were wedged against me, and there was no freedom of movement.  It was almost as if the venue tamed the show, and because of that, I feel that it should have been held at Stage AE.2-Being that the concert was at the Benedum, it attracted a lame, sandals-khakis-polo shirt WXDX/WDVE listening crowd who don't know how to act at these kinds of gigs. Asinine behavior, inconsiderate bullshit, and much more occurred...a)Some kid three rows down couldn't handle his liquor, regurgitating whatever he ate throughout the concert.b)A middle-aged couple kept trying to dance awkwardly on the chairs and steps, almost breaking their necks several times.c)A gang of dorky, fat, twenty-something manboys who watch way too much pro wrestling (and likely porn) chanted wrestling slogans and made lewd comments about every woman they saw as if they themselves were Adonises.d)A jackass in front of me wore a very tall trucker cap for some idiotic reason, obscuring my view, and I couldn't stand lest someone complain.e) The two men on either side of me made me feel like a sardine. f) People kept walking in late! The poor ushers were scrambling around with flashlights in hand trying to help these hapless, chronically tardy fools find their seats! 3-AIC only played for about 75 minutes!Save the Cultural District for musicals, comedy, opera, and the symphony for there are plenty of other more suitable venues for the loud and heavy. The sheer exquisiteness of the Benedum alone warrants a 4 star rating, so I shall be forgiving and only deduct 1 star for the promoter's lack of forethought. It could have simply been my seat location (I was wayyyyy up top), and as I tried to slowly make my way out of the Benedum, my opinion of the experience apparently put me in the minority (I heard no complaints). Nonetheless, I didn't have a gas of  time and almost departed early due to my discomfort. P.S. The chandelier on the ceiling is awe-inspiring, resembling a cathedral of light and a starship simultaneously. The Benedum truly is a comely, regal old gal inside and out.
<review# 700,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/30/2013,10/9/2013,50,62,,4,2>Uh... yeah. Jerry's consistently makes lists of the top 10 record stores... IN THE USA. Up there with places in San Francisco and New York. Literally... not figuratively... MILLIONS of records. That is an actual number... there are millions of records in this place. Ben Folds makes a point to stop in here when he is in town. Ok... I think you get it as far as the credits go. Jerry's is a treasure chest. It doesn't look like much as you walk up the steps... maybe the unused garage of a guy who's 40 and still lives with mom but tells everyone "it's a sweet setup"... but you get upstairs and the world opens up like you've stepped into Narnia. Everywhere you look there are used records, and all at fantastic prices. Also... this place is a party on record store day. ny kind of record except new ones can be found here, all categorized and loved.
<review# 701,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/28/2013,10/8/2013,39,148,3,3,3>Went here for lunch on Sunday.We shared a bunch of dishes to try and get a good idea of their menu and had quite a few leftovers. The pork soup dumplings were very good.  They were delicious and just brothy enough to be savory, but not enough to be too hot to eat or to make a mess of my shirt. Next we tried the pork belly bun.  This was not to my liking.  My husband was a fan, but only towards the bottom of the bun where the sauce was.  Before that it was dry and pretty flavorless.The dan dan noodles had much more sauce and liquid than I expected especially since it is listed under dry noodles.  It was alright, but not great. The pork belly over rice greatly eclipsed the noddles.  The rice was savory and delicious from the pork belly and the addition of the pickled mustard greens.  The pork belly was nicely stewed and a nice unctuous counterpart to the rice.I will definitely return and order more soup dumplings!
<review# 702,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/18/2013,10/7/2013,90,178,3,4,4>D'z is hands down my favorite go to spot for good eats. I love their wings and their hot dogs. Everytime I go there i am greeted with fun young employees ready to serve or offer suggestions about their latest brews. Their draft list changes constantly so there's no sense in trying to remember which beer you had there the week before. Plus their beer cave is great with hundreds of different bottles to choose from all listed by the region from which they came. They also have a small cooler with about 150 different varieties of beer that are already chilled for your liking. Even if you get a warm beer, they have this ice cold dunk tank to put your bottle in that gets it nice and chilly for you in just a few minutes. That by far is my favorite aspect of D'z. If you choose to take beer home with you they also have a discount of $1.00 per bottle of every beer you take with you(excluding the pre-made six packs). So sometimes we get a six pack of variety beers at a lower cost than paying for them individually. On to the food:I love their wings and hot dogs and my masterful veggie burger creation. We always order the BBQ sauce because it taste so gooooood and their wings are nice and crispy and hot and smothered in plenty of sauce that you will be licking your fingers. We've tried almost all their dogs expect 2 and my favorite is the mac and cheese dog(w/ ketchup) and the chihuahua dog which is avocado, shredded cheddar cheese and jalapenos, my fiance enjoys a classic Chicago dog. The have delicious sauerkraut that i enjoy as well so i usually get a side for only 99 cents. Can't beat that price. Now when it comes to the veggie burger i love the way it taste. I do it up real nice by getting that black n blue topping which is blue cheese and cajun seasoning. I add bacon, onion, mushrooms, avocado, tomato, lettuce and their spicy mayo/double dip sauce. It is hands down the best burger i've ordered in a loooong time. If your looking for a fun hangout spot for you and your buddies or even a tasty treat for the kids then D'z is where it's at!!! It gives you the feeling of just a fun place to be on the weekend or even the weekdays. Due to an unfortunate circumstance of eating at a different hotdog shop during restaurant week, my fiance would have proposed to me at D'z. We truly regret not waiting to go here but time was of the essence. D'z you truly are my favorite spot to be any day at any time and you will always be the place i wish i would have been proposed to at!!!!!!!!!!
<review# 703,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/6/2013,10/6/2013,65,134,3,3,5>GREAT FOOD!  Like the other reviews - you will not be disappointed by the fresh spring rolls.  Best I've had in the city.  The only part of our experience I wish I cloud have changed was the ordering process.  We weren't really sure what any of the dish's were, and the server offered no clarification.  My boyfriend was so flustered he just ordered by number and ended up with two entrees!  It was pretty funny.  Everything was flavorful and cooked perfectly.  We will definitely be going back (with a bit more knowledge of the menu)!
<review# 704,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/29/2013,10/5/2013,75,135,3,3,3>What can I say that has not already been said, this park is open remodeled home to the most awesome fountain in the city. Lots of events happen yearly here, its where the Pittsburgh marathon ends, home to the arts fest. It is easily accessible by foot, bicycle, car, stork, kayak and train. Ok maybe not train. It has great views of the North shore and Mount Washington. Bladee Blah none of that even matters because right now there is a huge rubber ducky down there. As part of a visiting art exhibit, he is wise he is awesome, he is the star of Point State Park and he won't be there long. Oh he has only been here a few nights but Imagine everything he gets to see! Ask him anything.... will the pirates keep winning? Will the Steelers ever start to win again? Did that swerving speed boat get out of the way before that coal barge hit it? How many kayaks peppered the river today? Go ahead make his day. He looks pretty cool through the fountain mist as well.
<review# 705,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/5/2013,10/4/2013,59,67,,4,3>Fantastic service, great atmosphere, delicious, creative, thoughtful food.  I loved everything about Kaleidoscope Cafe!!I went to Kaleidoscope with my book club of about 10 women.  The cafe has eclectic decor and not sure there is a sign outside, but the entire building is brightly colored like a kaleidoscope.  Parking is easy around this area of Lville, sort of back in the cut a little away from busy Butler St.  I ordered the Autumn Harvest Salad (very good, especially the crunchy soybeans) and the Gnocchi Nirvana (after reading so many rave reviews on Yelp!)  Well, Yelpers, you definitely did not let me down, the Gnocchi was outstanding.  The Indian-spiced sauce was very pleasant and not overwhelmingly flavored at all.  The gnocchi was so delicious that I quickly ate it all, so I'm not sure if I just woofed down my dinner or if the portion was a little small.  Probably a bit of both.  I could definitely have seen getting a bit more for the price.  For this reason I would recommend always getting a salad or app with your entree!  OR better yet, dessert.  Lucky me, I did both salad and dessert.  The poached pear dessert was just outstanding.  The flavors reminded me of Christmas, clovey, cinnamon, red wine, all with a glob of mascarpone quenelle, which basically reminded me of whipped cream cheese (only more delicious).  Surrounding the pretty burgundy pear and quenelle were several candied walnuts that brought a pleasing crunch to the dish.  All around the food was balanced, flavorful, and interesting.  I will definitely be going back, and Kaleidoscope Cafe may just be my new favorite place to Lville!  BYOB to boot!
<review# 706,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/30/2013,10/3/2013,74,65,3,4,3>I have been chaaaaanged, my friends. I have NEVER craved hot dogs. Every BBQ I've been to, I actively avoid hot dogs. Not that I hate them... they were just a waste of precious tummy space to me. BUT WHAT'S THIS NOW? I've had 5 hot dogs in the span of one week?! Am I a repulsive lump of sodium that utterly lacks self-control? YES. Are these hot dogs delicious? YES. Will I eat more hot dogs? YES. Should I get on a treadmill until I sweat all this hot dog grease out of my system? YES. So I've tried the Hawaiian, Chili-cheese, Kimchi, and Banh Mi dogs... 1. Banh Mi - I'm a total sucker for Banh Mi anything. Completely obsessed with everything on it. Pickles, jalepeno, cilantro, and other stuff that I don't know but made my mouth burn with approval. 2. Hawaiian - Pineapple salsa and Bacon. What more needs to be said? 3. Chili - Solid. I can't say much about this because I haven't tried enough chili to speak to that level of intimate knowledge of whether this chili is superior or not... but who doesn't like chili? 4. Kimchi - very interesting interpretation of kimchi. A bit more sour than I like it, but certainly not spicy enough for my tastebuds. I think it's designed for a more the more sensitive palate... BUT NOTHING SRIRACHA SAUCE CAN'T FIX. Also got to try one of the onigiri! Cute, but probably won't get it again. Rice balls are rurl easy to make, so it's not on my radar for my next visit. The rice-to-filling ratio was kind of comically off--it was SO much rice. Delicious sushi rice, but way too much of it... One complaint: my bun got super soggy pretty quickly for my Banh Mi dog... :(
<review# 707,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/27/2013,10/2/2013,107,111,,3,2>Finally stopped here and grabbed a sandwich!I've been curious about the place for quite some time. Their signs outside advertising the specials were a bit confusing because when I asked for it I was told that it wasn't the special? I still don't understand that one.Anyway, the guy working behind the counter was really nice and patiently waited for me to figure out what I wanted to eat. Their menu is HUGE and it takes up the entire wall behind the glass counter.I was bummed that they were all out of soup - I guess you probably want to get there before lunch if you would like soup.I decided to go with The Rachel and homemade chips. It was delicious and probably my favorite Rachel sandwich ever. I'm also surprised that the chips made it the whole way from Wexford to my home.Anyway, go give them a shot, I don't think you'll be disappointed.
<review# 708,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/24/2013,10/1/2013,143,349,,1,1>I had been hearing about Waffallonia from friends and acquaintances but Squirrel Hills is somewhat of a hike for me in my South Hills location so I was pleasantly surprised to see a stand in Schenley Plaza.I ordered a waffle with speculous and vanilla ice cream - it was delish!  It was HUGE, so huge that I had to throw 1/2 of it away which felt like a crime but I was seriously getting nauseous from the richness of it all.  This makes me want to throw caution to the wind and drive on over to Squirrel Hill!  I highly recommend checking this place out if you have a sweet tooth.
<review# 709,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/25/2013,10/21/2013,45,195,1,11,5>I came here with two other people.  Of the three of us I felt like I was the biggest fan of this place.  I liked the decor and I liked the food.  I had a Ramen bowl with pork and miso soup.  Oh man, that broth was so flavorful.  I was so full but I couldn't stop myself from finishing the whole thing.  Next time I'd ask for the same dish but without pork.  I felt the pork was tough, didn't really add anything flavor wise, and got in the way of my noodles!  The noodles and veggies were also delicious.  I heard the Ramen with the dumplings in it was delicious and so was the tofu.  The ambiance is a mix of casual and intimate.  I would recommend going here for a first date or when you're trying to figure out if you like the person or not.  It's just enough to be cute but not too much where it feels like a real date.  If you're vegan, this place is very vegan friendly.  The server was helpful with stating which dishes were vegan or could be made vegan.  Any place where the servers even know what vegan means gets a win in my book.
<review# 710,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/14/2013,10/20/2013,46,70,,2,4>Brought the man friend here for birthday brunch on a sunny and beautiful Thursday in the 'Burgh. I've seen the line on weekends from D's, but weekdays are a breeze. We were sat right away at a nice sidewalk table. We brought champagne, so were greeted with a pitcher of oj for mimosas. It was great, just way more oj than we needed (I am a "heavy on the champagne" type of mimosa drinker). It wasn't a big deal at all, I just felt bad for wasting.The meals were both perfect. I ordered a vegan tofu scramble, that was served with plenty of roasted veggies and mixed greens. BF got the salmon crepes, and he was in love. The food came fast and the waitress was friendly, as well as the guests around. Can't wait to go back!
<review# 711,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/14/2013,10/19/2013,28,146,5,5,7>I'm neither artsy or crafty. I had no idea how much I was going to love Paint Monkey. But I LOVE Paint Monkey! I was looking for something different to do to celebrate my friend's birthday and this seemed to fit the bill. A two hour class was offered and they are BYOB. Sounded promising, but admittedly after I signed us up, I was a bit nervous. Will everyone judge my lack of art skills? What if I can't make my painting look like the example? What am I getting myself into? I can't color inside the lines, let alone paint with an audience around. I was put at ease instantly when arriving at Paint Monkey, a modern, lofty space filled with warm splashes of colorful art on the light tan brick walls. We made our way to our seats and I was relieved to find that each canvas had a pre-drawn outline of our paintings to be. Ohhhhh, now I get it. Time for a cocktail!Mary Lou and Joe, the owners, welcomed us right away and seemed excited to have us there. They are kind, lovely people that were social with the folks streaming in the door and knowledgable about the artistic task at hand. We sat down and under Joe's direction we painted our landscapes and ate our snacks. The time went so quickly and we had a blast. I never would have predicted I would get so into it!Everyone's paintings looked so different, it was so neat to scope out everyone's work at the end of the experience. I wasn't even embarrassed to show off my work of art. When I came home I gushed so much about how much fun we had, my wife couldn't wait to check the upcoming schedule to see when we could go together!I'll certainly be back! This was a great time and I look forward to seeing Mary Lou and Joe again sometime soon!
<review# 712,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/15/2013,10/18/2013,65,131,2,3,3>Franktuary is a fun place that sort of bridges between a restaurant and bar vibe. I usually will stroll in during the afternoon for a quick bite and a beer. The brew selection is very good with rotating taps always with some local craft selections. Franktuary also boasts craft cocktails which I have yet to try. I guess the hot dogs are sort of pricey for the size ($5-$8), but the toppings and styles are innovative and unique. I've tried the Memphis and a Thai version which were both nice twists on the classic American hot dog. The staff is great; friendly with a hint of hipster smugness. Chris the bartender is knowledgeable about the beer and liquor selection. The owner is around frequently and has a knack for customer service.The restaurant space has a modern flair mixed with an old churchy vibe (ie. stained glass, candles, pews for seating). It is also pretty cool that the customers can see right into the kitchen and watch all the cooks at work preparing the different sauces and hot dogs. Franktuary fits right into the up and coming Lawerenceville vibe.
<review# 713,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/9/2013,10/17/2013,93,457,,8,5>I am giving Casa Reyna 5 Stars for my first visit (now I will admit that this is subject to change if subsequent visits are not as good).  First off, I LOVE LOVE LOVE the space.  From the minute that you walk in, you can tell that they put a lot into making this place appear as it does today.  The mural was absolutely amazing.  Such a good job by the artist.  Once you get down the stairs, the door was so awesome too.  Everything about the decor here is fabulous. Such detail was involved. The room in the back with the barrel tables near the restroom was super cool too. Our service was spectacular as was everything we ordered.  We started with a two salsa sampler (the sweet mango and a green salsa I cannot recall the name of).  Both were great.  My hubby got the Aztec soup... and said it was good.  He had two taco platters as he wanted to sample a few different things and I had the Chicken flautas.  So yum.  The Skinny girl margarita was fabulous and abundant as well with one drink order. We loved the space, thought highly of the service and the food.  We cannot wait to come back as I feel like it will keep getting better :)
<review# 714,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/29/2013,10/16/2013,100,116,3,8,6>I sprung for the membership last year, which is a bargain of insane proportions. If, like me, you like to wander around gardens (perhaps armed with your notebook and/or camera) at random times, the membership is amazing. A double membership (for you and one other person - I opted not to get a name on the second card so I can bring any date I choose!) is only $75 a year. Basically, it pays for itself after just a handful of visits.I am a Phipps nerd. I mark things excitedly on my calendar like, 'FALL FLOWER SHOW!!!!' and 'MINIATURE RAILROAD OPENS TODAY!' with billions of little hearts around it.And what I love about Phipps is that the staff is *just* as nerdy about plants as I am.Phipps is committed to making botany cool and interesting. They bring in new stuff and constantly change and improve with each new season. And they're NAILING the social media thing - recently, their corpse flower, Romero, was doing one of his very-rare (and very-smelly) blooms, and not only did they stay open until 2am on back-to-back nights to let us all in to experience the stench, they alerted us all via Twitter, Facebook, and email instantly so the maximum number of people could take advantage of this uncommon occurrence. They even sold t-shirts for the occasion (I got one of course) and ran special events like Romero-tinis and stinky cheese plates, and a few showings of Night of the Living Dead in stinky-flower-vision!(I would be remiss if I didn't mention the moment I got all teary-eyed waiting in a half-hour-long line to see Romero and just kept saying, 'Look at all these people coming to experience my garden!!!' I was so proud of *my* little botanical wonderland getting so much attention!)On to the details!Phipps brings in different flower shows for each season. They're all great, but the winter one is usually my favorite. They have an outdoor light garden you can visit, and all of the rooms are decorated for the holiday season. They frequently integrate art into their garden features, bringing in national and local artists, and often keeping remnants of past shows on display after the next show comes in.And you should never just visit Phipps once - you need to do a daytime and a nighttime visit to get the very most out of it. Daytime is relaxing and rejuvenating, and you get a great chance to explore all of the plants up close and personal. But at night, the gardens transform into a magical fairyland that's just out of this world. The Serpentine Room is one of my favorites to visit at night - the fairy lights above the gardens transport you to a secret, beautiful world. The gardens are open until 10pm on Fridays, and they often have other specials running on Friday evenings as well, like live music, dancing, and wine events. During the winter flower show,they are open late most nights so you can get the full effect of all the holiday lighting and candles.There are both indoor and outdoor sections of Phipps, and another favorite spot of mine is the outdoor Bonsai garden and pond. There are benches there, and as long as the weather holds up, it's one of the best places in the City of Pittsburgh to sit down with a notebook and do some writing.There's a lot of information about sustainable gardening and farming integrated in the displays and also promoted by the staff, and every effort is made to keep things 'green'. The docents are plentiful and super helpful. I know I talk their ears off sometimes asking questions, but I always appreciate it!Also, here's a little hidden secret: if you're a member, you get unlimited visits to the gardens, so stop in on a day when Phipps is between shows. You might have limited access to certain rooms, but you can watch the magic as the new displays are being set up, and you can chat with the botanists on duty about what they're planning and get a great preview of the upcoming flower show. It's generally less-crowded on those days as well, so you have more time for photography and writing or sketching without feeling like you're in someone's way.They have a cafe and gift shop on site (and the cafe serves wine), and during the summer months, there is a weekly farmers' market on the grounds outside of Phipps.I think we Yinzers often take for granted what a magnificent resource we have at Phipps, and that's why I love my membership so much. At any time, I can slip away from city life and wander the grounds of a magical, earthy world and get my dose of nature after just a short bike ride. So, you know I'm pretty dang grateful that 'unlimited visits' really means 'unlimited' lol.
<review# 715,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/28/2013,10/14/2013,27,95,,3,2>Everything about my experience at Butterjoint was fantastic. I came at 7 on a Thursday evening and the bar was completely filled with a true mix of people, mid 20's to mid 70's. After waiting a bit a friend and I were able to secure a seat at the bar. I think this may be my preferred place to sit because watching the bartenders mix up all of the creative cocktails is pretty entertaining. My friend and I both had the burger which is made completely in house from high quality, local beef; they break down whole sides of beef to make their own master burger blend. I can say with complete conviction that the burger coming out of that kitchen is the best burger I've had anywhere in Pittsburgh. It was cooked edge to edge to a perfect medium rare (that's what the kitchen recommends), perfectly seasoned, and served on a white bun that holds up to the juiciness without being super bready.  Pair that with some shoestring fries cooked in tallow (rendered beef fat), a great beer, and you have a burger and fries meal that can't be beat. I'm sure everything else on their limited menu is just as good as the burger and I can't wait to come back and try it all.
<review# 716,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/17/2013,10/13/2013,71,342,,2,1>This may be my new favorite restaurant in Pittsburgh.  Everything about our experience was fantastic!  We didn't have reservations but were seated at the sushi table.  It was very interesting watching as the various items were prepared.  There are great happy hour specials on both food and drinks.  We were able to sample more than we would have otherwise.  There is also a free sangria if you check in on Yelp!  The $5 happy hour appetizers include a shrimp and a salmon ceviche.  We each tried one and both were tasty and unique.I ordered the triple ceviche.  I enjoyed that there was a large variety to choose from.  All were very tasty.  I tried the traditional, fire and ice and corn and avocado preparations.  I asked the waiter for recommendations for which of my fish choices went best with each and they did a fantastic job selecting.  I also ordered the Nicaragua chicken wings since I had been to Nicaragua and love wings.  I was not disappointed.  I was stuffed but still was tempted to order more it was so good.  The one down side is that it was very loud in the space.  Not sure if it is the design of the room or just the night I was there, but at times it was hard to hear conversation.Overall a very enjoyable experience and I can't wait for my next visit!
<review# 717,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/6/2013,10/12/2013,48,120,1,6,3>Bocktown oh bocktown....named after my favorite type of beer how can a place like that be a bad? This place has a lot of seafood, chicken, BBQ, and burgers on the menu and have beers for all tastes and pairings. It has delicious hand cut fries that come in flat belly and pot belly sizes and can be piled high with a large list of toppings that make them mucho delicioso. The Beers in this place will keep you coming back with a large list of taps and a huge choice of bottled beers. There is truly a beer for everyone and even the biggest of beer snobes will be impressed with many of the selections.They even have beer tasting and food pairing events that you can attend if that's what you're in to. The only thing I can say negative about Bocktown is that it's on the expensive side and since not drinking when there isn't an option for me I often leave with a pretty decent bill, but often good things cost good money and it's worth it in my opinion.
<review# 718,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/24/2013,10/11/2013,50,210,3,5,4>Don't have a cow.  Unless you are at Green Forest Churrascaria, because this place is mainly about one thing--the MEAT.  The waiters brought out some of the most succulent, tasty meat that I've had including (* indicates a fav)--beef ribs,flank steak,top sirloin,rib eye,leg of lamb*,brazilian sausage,beef tenderloin,filet mignon w parmesan cheese,skirt steak,baconn wrapped filet,bbq pork ribs*,beef tenderloin swordfish w passion fruit sauce, andpineapple with cinnamon* (not a meat, but it comes out on a skewer).The APPETIZERS were also delicious-- fried banana*,fried yuka, andcheese bread.  However, the SALAD BUFFET was not good. The food looked like it had been sitting there for hours and people there barely touched it.  Don't bring vegetarians--they'll only veg!  It's $40.50 for the meat, appetizers and salad bar.
<review# 719,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/22/2012,4/4/2012,207,401,1,8,8>Great one woman operation.  It's like you've been invited over to her house and she's making you her mom's Korean dishes.  It can be busy and the wait can be really long but she tries really hard and the food is really delicious.  I wish she would get a bigger place and a little help so I wouldn't feel the pressure of her having to juggle phone orders, table service and cooking.  Sometimes she looks a little harried.I love her pancakes a lot.  The pork bulgogi is really fabulous.  The kimchi was a little salty last night and she could serve more dishes but all in all we are lucky to have her here to make us authentic Korean food.  We've eaten there a few times now and always leave happy.
<review# 720,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/27/2012,4/3/2012,1891,388,3,13,7>Great place for bar food staples!This location was defiantly once a Pizza Hut. If you are a beer drinker , which I am not, you will be in Heaven as they offer over 1000 choices! D's offers a lot of great food to go with all of their beers. Everything from apps, calzones, salads, sandwiches, wings wraps, pizza, hot dogs & burgers. They even offer a kids menu. They have TVs all over the place to catch the Steelers, Bucs or Pens in action.  My two favorite things on the menu are the wings and the burgers. THEY ARE OUTSTANDING! The wings are very tasty and the burgers are big and juicy. You can get the wings one of two ways, dry rub and wet sauces. I like em' with seasoned salt and BBQ sauce on the side.  I have tried the "Blues Brother" and the "Bacon Cheese" burgers. They are both very, very good, The fries that come with them are just as good also.My wife and daughter are hot dog connoisseurs and they both approve.Service is always good and the food is even better!
<review# 721,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/15/2011,4/2/2012,23,38,1,3,4>Food: Tram's is one of the true hidden gems in Pittsburgh and serves The best Vietnamese food the city has to offer.  Fans of Vietnamese food surely know Tram's by now, but those who haven't tried yet need to.  The menu offers appetizers, meat, seafood, and vegetarian options.  But there's no reason to order anything but the Pho.  There are many options, but keep it simple.  Pho real.  It's unbelievably tasty and filling.  One bowl will have you stuffed, but if you have a massive appetite, the spring rolls are also huge and delicious.  Price: One person can gorge themselves with tip included for under $10.  The prices here are ridiculous considering the quality and quantity of the food being served.  If you're on a budget, this should be a regular stop.  It should be regardless.Drinks: the Thai iced tea is good, all regular drinks are offered, no boozeAtmosphere: If Tram's was to be criticized in any way, surely this would be it. The dining room is almost but not quite dirty, and likely hasn't changed in 10+ years.  What some may see as a blemish others may view as character (me).  Hey it's Tram's Kitchen, and we're just eating there.  Wear a blindfold, you'll still taste the remarkable food.  Cash only.Service: A waiter will be to your table with water before you even hit the seat, and another will be over for your order within 60 seconds.  Thats why you just order the pho.  There's no wasting time at Tram's.  Sit down, order, food comes quick, bill shortly after, eat, go home.(+): Tram's is a can't miss restaurant in Pittsburgh.  The only way to miss it would be driving past it without realizing because its so small and indistinguishable on Penn Ave.  The food and price are unbeatable.(-): Some may be slightly turned off by the atmosphere.Would I go back again? Routinely.
<review# 722,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/7/2011,4/1/2012,290,116,2,5,2>Lately I have been frequenting the Church Brew Works because of visitors coming into town and because my office really likes to order lunch from there. This is what I have found. Since I am in summer work out mode I tend to eat salads and protein a ton. What's better than a Buffalo Brgr! I get this as my lunch every so often. Juicy, lean, flavorful, bison, cooked medium well! No bun with a side of broccoli. It keeps me full, tastes wonderful and powers me up for a P90 workout! I also LOVE the Pulled pork sandwich and Cuban! I did like the pulled pork better when they served it on a pumpernickel raisin bun! So lets talk fire brick oven pizza! I like simplicity so the mozzarella, basil is my favorite! Pair that with the beer sampler and you have quite a nice Saturday afternoon couples outing! The last time I went to dine with my family we all ordered different items then shared everything! We had the shrimp carbonara, crispy vegetarian polenta, and the Buffalo and wild mushroom meatloaf. The carbonara was creamy and bacony, just as it should be. The meatloaf was super juicy and had a very good flavor, my dish the veggie polenta was tomato based and just ok, It is perfect option if you are vegan or watching calories! I just love bringing out of towners here, the majestic space and the ambiance, are unmatched. Be ready to become infused with a hoppy humidity! There is also a cute outdoor patio that is very inviting. Everyone in Pitt should frequent here! On a side note, I had ordered a pizza to go for my family the day we went since they had helped me move. It ended up being burned on the top so check your to go's! Management was extremely accommodating and hooked me up with a pie when I brought my friend for the sampler! Thanks Brew works!!
<review# 723,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/7/2011,3/31/2012,34,23,8,6,3>I wish I were cool enough to hang out here...I am not. However, that does not stop me from going from time to time and trying to blend in with the cool crowd. In all seriousness, this place is great. A laid back vibe with the best music and best bar in town. And when I say best music...I MEAN best music. Best Jazz night in Pittsburgh on Mondays, great classic hip hop, and other genres that you don't hear anywhere else in Pittsburgh.The owner is awesome and will talk music with you any time he has a moment. If you are a music nerd, come early and chat it up with Justin. he knows his stuff and will chat it up with you. I promise you will love chatting with him. Very cool guy. And of course the bartenders...all great. Very friendly. Will make you whatever you want, or mix up something special and surprise you if you would like. Again...I'm probably not cool enough to hang out with them, but when I am hanging out at the bar, they never remind me of that.
<review# 724,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/26/2012,3/30/2012,2678,1419,18,19,18>Late this past Friday afternoon at the Lawrenceville Asylum For The Criminally Inane, a couple of my co-workers decided to get us some fish sandwiches from Nied's, a strange bar with a strange name. A nice Lenten treat is what I stumbled onto. Or did it stumble onto me?Wildly fresh, thoroughly breaded, and consummately fried, the fish jutted out from each side of a bun that was just not big enough to hold it. This fish sandwich wasn't some frozen fallacy foisted onto unsuspecting lushes; this fish sandwich was made by someone who cares, someone who isn't afraid of people eating these sandwiches sober, someone who knows and appreciates craft."I'll be waitin' for that review, Darren," one of my errr...colleagues said in a muffled tone with a smug grin on his face, which was full of bread and pescaterian excess. "Gimme a few days," I replied, my mouth also stuffed with said barroom fare. "Did you like it?""Call me Ishmael...""Huh? Call you what?""Nevermind."I lost him after the Moby Dick reference. I don't normally eat fish sandwiches, but in the future, I'll keep Nied's in my mental rolodex when the urge comes over me.
<review# 725,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/5/2011,3/29/2012,65,161,,3,2>Mmmsogood as I hummed delicious words under my breath with the first taste of THE MOST DELICIOUS BURGER i have ever eaten (perhaps it was b/c I personally designed it).  This place is the real deal and a must-go!  They have a little burger form (best form you'll ever fill out) with the biggest variety of sauces/patties/freebies/additions/anything you could ever want.  My perfect burger:- a brioche bun - an angel dust rub on my beef (salt/pepper)- arugula (they have at least 3 diff spins on typical lettuce-iceberg, arugula, romaine, etc)- tomato- bacon- fried egg- guacamole+ crispy homemade potato chips (and bbq flavored too)This was a very tall glass of burger.  You can also have it different ways as my other friends did - topless ( no bun on top), full monty (no bun at all), or with a salad (healthy!).  The chips were perfect, crispy, warm, and flavorful.Have never been to this "wingharts" place that everyone else seems to rave about but right now I couldn't imagine anything better than Burgatory!
<review# 726,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/5/2011,3/28/2012,167,215,4,15,5>A stand-out in my Pittsburgh Spa Quest, Ayurveda Wellness Spa is anything but ordinary. I knew a little bit about Ayurvedic practices, and when the Living Social deal came up for a 60 minute massage, herbal steam therapy, and "third eye" oil treatment, I was intrigued. Scheduling an appointment was very easy, and i was looking forward to this all week. They're located near Robinson Township in a large brick, professional building with "WOW" in large letters; and parking is plentiful. I was very warmly greeted upon entering, and after removing my shoes, I started up on some paperwork. The space is very nicely decorated, professional looking, clean, and serene. The massage therapist was comforting, seemed excited to be there, and knowledgeable. An Ayurvedic massage is like no other, and at times it was a little difficult for me to relax because I was so interested in what was going on! She started with a chant in Sanskrit, and started working on my head. The entire time different, warm, exotic-smelling oils are used. The smell and the feel were so different from traditional lotions used in Swedish based massages, and I found it to be more relaxing. The massage technique is totally different too, with different types of touch, strokes and tempos used. after the massage, I got the herbal steam. Normally, I don't like saunas, steam treatments, etc... because they just make me feel crappy. I'm from the South, I can sit around in uncomfortable, hot, humid weather 9  months out of the year for free.  This one I enjoyed because it was a tent they put over your body, with your head sticking out. After this came the third eye treatment, which was the part I was most anxious about. While protecting your eyes, warm oil is poured from above onto your third eye (area between your eyebrows, basically) for 10 minutes. So, your forehead and hair are drenched in oil by the end. Don't get me wrong, it feels fantastic, but half way through I was so nervous about driving home with this oily hair touching myself and my Jeep, that I couldn't relax. After all 3 treatments, I wrapped my sesame-oiled hair in a towel, and retired to the lounge where they give you an Indian soup to eat and relax for a while before leaving. While talking to the masseuse, I mentioned that I was nervous about all the oil in my hair, and she was kind enough to provide me a hair towel wrap for free. I noticed that my skin was really glowing after, and my hair has been shiny and soft for 2 days now :) Another plus, she was genuinely appreciative of the tip. Just keep in mind that you are going to be a hot, oily mess after all is said and done. Leave at least 2 hours for the whole process, and don't' schedule anything immediate afterwards!
<review# 727,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/28/2011,3/27/2012,145,36,4,5,2>I grew up with ice cream being my all-time favorite sweet treat.  Now that I've developed a lactose intolerance, Oh Yeah! Is the one place where I can get my sweet fix without compromising on taste or texture.  They have the best soy ice cream I have ever tasted.  And the mix-in board?  A fat kid's dream (or nightmare - depending on your POV). Plus, I will suck it up and sometimes indulge in the regular ice cream, no matter how much my face breaks out - their vanilla bean mixed with baklava is TO DIE FOR!!!My Advice:  If you're not a patient person - don't go here.  I don't mind waiting in line for an amazing ice cream cone; however, my biggest gripe is the people who come in expecting INSTANT service and spread their negative and irritable energy everywhere.  1.)  The employees wait on you one-by-one because they only have one mix-in machine (I believe this is worth waiting for)  2.) Oh Yeah! isn't Mickey D's - they actually have quality stuff there, and take the time to make your order right the FIRST time.  3.)  Most of the employees are college students - give them a freakin' break!  They're just trying to pay for books, alright?  It's ICE CREAM!  CALM DOWN!However, if you are patient, and do like the company you're with, and are capable of conversation while waiting in line, then I highly recommend Ice cream on a homemade waffle - OOOOOH YEEEEAH!!!!
<review# 728,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/10/2012,3/26/2012,41,161,4,6,6>MEAT! Meat meat meat meat meat. Guess what they have here?And it is fantastic. The salumi with rabbit! I'd actually, despite being an adventurous-ish eater (maguey caterpillars FTW), never had rabbit. And so, yeah, the rabbit liver portion of the plate was a little... difficult... for me not because of the taste but because don't you think their little livers must be just so cute? But this was an outstanding salumi plate. Then the trout with beets made me think maybe trout is not so bad.The crispy pork belly with the choucroute entree: crispy and melty-fatty and just exactly the kind of thing you wish you could have every day except that it would stop being special but it would still be SO GOOD.But, oh, it's the beef cheeks. Eat the beef cheeks. I'm telling you right now. Don't expect a vegetable to play a leading role, or even a co-starring role. Vegetables are mere walk-ons: useful and complementary, but not the point. Don't come with your vegan friend. Don't come with your vegetarian friend either. Do come with a bottle of wine (or beer, you know. whatever.) BYO.Quibbles: the service was not yet polished, and the reservations seemed to get a little screwy. But it was the very first night of table service and the lack of polish is made up for with friendliness. The fact that the website is only half finished is a tiny bit frustrating. And the complete lack of any kind of information on hours anywhere except on an as-the-time-arises basis on FB is a total bummer.
<review# 729,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/14/2012,8/9/2012,74,65,6,8,5>FRESH KOREAN PASTRIES.HOW DID I NOT COME HERE EARLIER?This is where "Sweet Tammy's" used to be. I never went into Sweet Tammy's so I don't have a frame of reference... but the place looks almost the same, it appears. Very pretty and clean interior. There's a display case with beautiful cupcakes and cakes. KOREAN BREADS. Beautiful, perfect little pastries that are fluffy without being overly sweet or heavy. everything is delicate and fresh and wonderful. I DON'T KNOW THE NAMES OF ANYTHING. I AM SO SORRY, THIS IS NOT ELITE YELP BEHAVIOR. But I tried three different pastries. One was a very simple sweet bread that had a buttercream filling that was very lightly sweetened and delicious. The second was a "dan pat bbang" that is just very delicate bread that's been filled with red bean paste (sweet, earthy kind of bean paste) The third (my favorite) was this scrumptious bread that had a streusel topping and tasted like peanut butter... BAD NEWS FOR MY WAISTLINE. SORRY WAISTLINE.
<review# 730,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/21/2012,8/8/2012,34,86,5,8,5>Without a doubt, my favorite MLB stadium.  Most of the assets have been covered here, so let me just summarize a couple of quick things:Parking--on the North Short, it's expensive.  But cross over the Roberto Clemente bridge (not literally, as it's only open to foot traffic on game days) and there are 20 lots that are $5.  They're listed on the stadium site--look for the "Golden Triangle."Food--lots of options, not as overpriced as most MLB stadia (stadiums?).  BUT, you can bring in your own food, so long as it's not primarily liquid (this is not TSA; this is to avoid hard liquor).  We often get a Taco Bell 10-pack to bring in.  This is amazing.  Lines are slightly longer if you have a bag, so get there early (now that the Bucs are good!).Water-very overpriced in the stadium.  You can bring in unopened bottled water.  In the summer, you will need it.  There are people on the downtown side of the RC bridge selling it for $1, and you should buy it.  But don't open it.There is not a bad seat in this stadium.  Personally, I prefer the upper grandstand, and it's downright affordable.  Also, free shirt Fridays.  And they actually have smalls.  And as everyone else says, beautiful skyline, home runs hit into the river, yatta yatta.  PNC Park ROCKS.
<review# 731,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/5/2012,8/7/2012,91,67,1,5,6>Tamari's got all the right moves! If Romeo was a restaurant, it would most certainly be Tamari. My entire dining experience here felt like I was being pampered and wooed - neither of which I get the luxury of very often!From the delightful complimentary amuse before the tapas to the (also complimentary) no-bake cookie atop our cheque, there were little pleasant surprises that I discovered throughout my meal. My friend and I came here for dinner on a week night and shared a few tapas and sushi plates, sans libations and desserts (though both looked amazing, particularly the Lychee Mojito). In essence, neither of us spent very much since we were looking for a small meal. The service here was truly some of the best I've had in Pittsburgh. I had a million and one questions, all of which were answered by our knowledgeable and pleasantly unpretentious server (OKAY, okay, so maybe I asked what "chimichurri" meant - don't judge! I just... forgot). To top it off, she was attentive and efficient throughout the meal as well.The key players that evening: Lobster mac & cheese (I was totally that vegetarian girl that sort of picked around the lobster - my bad) and the enchiladas with black beans, kabocha curry, avocado creme, mushrooms, gouda, and beet puree.Both dishes were fantastic, particularly the veggie enchiladas. The combination of the gouda and avocado creme were just rich enough to satisfy, but in a portion small enough so as not to overwhelm. In fact, there was nothing about the enchiladas that I DIDN'T like.The lobster mac and cheese, complete with panko crumbs and truffle oil, was also delicious. Be forewarned, the langostino is not for the faint of heart. I had imagined the lobster would be diced and mixed in throughout the mac, but not so - you get a hulking slab of it right on top!The ambiance here is great in that modern-business-chic way and the price is more or less a rolling scale due to the nature of small plates. I'm definitely looking forward to my next trip back!
<review# 732,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/8/2012,8/6/2012,125,61,1,6,6>With all of the great reviews on Yelp and the never-ending self promotion on Twitter, Union Pig & Chicken has been hyped up more than the facebook IPO.  I recently had lunch at Union with a few coworkers and I'll admit, I had pretty high expectations.The first nice thing I noticed about Union is that it has a big metered parking lot in the back.  It's far easier to park here than it's sister restaurant Salt of the Earth.  Stepping out of my car, I was immediately blasted with a glorious aroma of smoked meat coming from the back of the restaurant.As other reviewers have noted, the decor is minimalistic.  Seating options include only two long tables and benches.  The benches are broken up with creates a feeling of separation from other diners. I really liked this arrangement because it creates a finite number of seats that exist at each table (and avoids potential overcrowding).Wanting to get the full Union experience, we had 2 orders of the 3-meat combo (ribs, pork shoulder, brisket), fried chicken, cornbread, mac & cheese, and collard greens.  I also tried one of their signature "Rock & Rye" cocktails.  It was delicious and smokey.Believe the other reviewers that the food here is absolutely phenomenal.  Clearly a great deal of care and time has gone into the food preparation.  The brisket is so tender, you can cut it with your fork.  The rib meat fell right off the bone and had a delicious spicy dry rub.  Everything else was solid.One of the members of our group was a BBQ enthusiast, the kind of guy who reads books on BBQ and has a ton of fancy equipment at home.  He proclaimed Union outstanding.  He pointed out to us that great BBQ cooked long and low temp develops a smoke ring of pink discoloration below the meat surface.  It's supposed to have a great deal of flavor.  Better BBQ has a deeper smoke ring.  He pointed out to us that in our delicious meat at Union, the smoke ring was running deep!My only small criticism of Union is that our waitress undersold us on the amount of food we would be receiving.  Although she told us that the $20 3-meat combo would only satisfy one person, I can assure you that with a couple sides, 2 people can split it and still have some left over to eat for lunch the next day.  Some reviews have criticized Union's price point, feeling it is too expensive for BBQ.  Although it's not cheap, like many things in life, at Union you get what you pay for.  This is not average BBQ.  This is extremely high-end, world-class BBQ. The great deal of time and effort put into the food preparation really shines through.  If you imagine it's like NaCl, but instead of a progressive theme it's a BBQ theme, the price point makes more sense.  I think it's fair and can't wait to go back for another round of delicious BBQ at Union Pig & Chicken.
<review# 733,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/14/2012,8/5/2012,35,133,13,8,5>BACK TO BASICS SOLID COOKING = PAVING THE GOLDEN ROAD TO EAST LIBERTY!!!Hello Peeps! The life of a domestic goddess has been keeping me chained to my stove lately but I finally broke out tonight with the gang to checkout David Racicot's reboot in Oakmont.314 Pasta & Prime is an attempt to hit the restart button for Racicot in Oakmont since Notion, his previous gastronomic palace, failed to draw a regular crowd out in Oakmont.Local Yocals bitched that Notion was too much concept and not enough food AND that's why they are YOCALS! If you wanna dump 20lbs of food down your gullet go to Denny's you dumb ass!So, from that idea was born Pasta & Prime - a Italian themed pasta and chop house, elevated to the very best that simple perfectly cooked food can be! Here simple elegant preparations of steak and pasta equate to delicious value for the average Joe. This seems to be the perfect combo for the yocals because they filed in one after the next tonite!Wisely, Racicot is making simple BUT perfect food. Prime steaks cooked perfectly finished with garlic butter. Large portions of perfectly cooked pasta with delicious sauces. Perfectly cooked steakhouse sides that respect the ingredients and bring out their natural flavors!I had the house made mozzarella which was wonderful with grilled bread doused in a garlic butter. Simple yet flavorful! All tables get an endless family style house salad - again appealing to the value obsessed costumer - my only complaint was that is was a tad bit overdressed. For my main I had the salmon and a side of perfectly cooked asparagus both with garlic butter and lemon - this was perfectly cooked and delicious! Everyone in my gang loved their meals and we all agreed that we'd definitely return with other friends and family.That's when I realized what Racicot is doing. He is not betraying his amazing talent and star studded career by pandering to the masses PER SAY...he's going back to basics in the most perfect, delicious, respectable way and winning at the yocals game! They are equating dollar value with food on the plate. And I think a prime steak for $28 is a deal (sorry cheep-asses)! So he's getting them in there and they are happy with the perfectly cooked food and the portions and the simple appealing menu AND YOU KNOW WHAT...HE'S BANKING THAT CASH FOR EAST LIBERTY BABY!!!It's no surprise he's headed to East Liberty to open a second restaurant more in the spirit of Notion and more for the hip, young and willing urban crowd! Although the new location is very hush hush amongst the foodies - Racicot is gonna make it happen with the steady cash/flow of diners at 314 Pasta & Prime!Brilliant, My Dear Watson!GO HERE IF: 1) You think Ruth Chris Steakhouse and Morton's are FUCK FACES and you want a perfectly cooked steak for a competitive price!2) You have kids and family and are looking for a simple but elegant dinner that kids will eat and parents will love!3) You want to support the awesomeness that is David Racicot and all the good/potential he has to bring to the Pittsburgh food scene!!!
<review# 734,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/28/2012,8/4/2012,74,344,4,4,3>Ducked in here to try sweet confections after first getting my hair done down the street at Pageboy Salon (do check them out) and dining at Tamari (ditto, check them out).  It seemed only right to finish off a nice evening of discoveries (I'm rather new in town so am busy "discovering") with dessert.I was greeted by sweet, upbeat Camille (appropo in a sweets shoppe) who helped me with all the cupcake offerings.  I opted for the cheesecake cupcake and a cheese danish, which in no way resembles a tradiional cheese danish.  I actually did manage to wait until morning to eat the danish which was good but I do have to say I wanted cheese with each and every bite and, to that end, it was lacking.  It was quite good, nevertheless. I was going to wait to eat the cupcake later.  Yeah, that didn't happen.  I popped it into the microwave to warm it up from being in the fridge and "Wallah!"... Just what the doctor ordered.  They do prescribe cupcakes, no?  It was so moist and yummy.  I want more!  If I had ordered 3, then 3 would have been eaten on the spot!I didn't think the price of a little over $5 was unseemingly for the rewards of both the danish and cupcake.A nice find in Lawrenceville and I'll be back.
<review# 735,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/15/2012,8/3/2012,101,324,9,4,4>Yum - freaking - me!As the other fellower yelpers mentioned - this place is a cash only.    A couple of recommendations:- Don't eat early in the week - I don't recommend wearing any tight clothing (no skinny jeans) - you will not be skinny when you leave I walked in for breakfast one early weekday AM.   The place was packed with locals and regulars.    A very good sign.My co-worker recommended I get the mixed grill.   I ordered the large mix grill.   My waitress tried to warn me - it is large (very large).    I ended up eating the left-overs for the next 2 days.Food - The Mixed Grill comprises their homemade sausage, grilled onions, grilled peppers, potatoes, fried eggs.     Portion -This should have been a man vs food episode.   I was not going to attempt to eat all the food.   It was really good.Service - My waitress looks as if she had been working there for years.   She was fast, friendly, and offered good advice.Price - The cost ranges $5 - 10.I will definitely go back after I buy some new stretchy pants.
<review# 736,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/22/2012,8/2/2012,147,143,1,8,3>In every scoop of Mercurios Gelato there are over 13+ years of research, study, testing, obsession and love in their dozens of freshly made daily offerings.  Mrs. Mercurio and her husband took endless culinary workshops and university courses studying every aspect of ice cream and gelato production and you can experience the fruits of their labor in every taste.  They recently added pizza to their offerings.The Mercurio's son trained at an authentic Sicilian pizza shop and they had an italian pizza oven imported to give an authentic product.   While many rave about the pizza at piccolo forno in lawrenceville, I found Mercurios to be much more authentic (and delicious) compared to the pizza I had in Italy.  The pizza dough is paper thin and savory (almost like crepes) the toppings are all fresh, generously administered and the crust is perfectly crispy.The raw brick walls and black and white photos of italy complement the atmosphere and the staff were all extremely friendly and enthusiastic.  I'm not normally a huge Gelato or Pizza fan, but Mercurio's does not offer normal gelato or pizza.  They are the finest example of both I've tasted in Pittsburgh, I look forward to many more happy meals and desserts here, Mercurios has made me a believer!
<review# 737,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/18/2012,8/1/2012,28,193,1,5,3>My wife and I finally checked out the new Winghart's in Southside and I walked away beyond satisfied!The place is really chill and the staff was cool. We sat at the bar, and had really good service. The bartender was attentive and nice. I do wonder how Winghart's service would be during a busier day, but they seemed to be doing a great job with all of the takeout orders and people at the tables/bar.The food was simply excellent and the beer/whiskey selection should make most people happy. I got the Shipwrecked Burger and it was seriously awesome! I ordered a medium burger, and they actually cooked it perfectly...while I shouldn't be surprised about that, too many places get a medium wrong. There was so much flavor in the burger, and the toppings on the Shipwrecked (brie, bacon, arugula, caramelized onions, white truffle aioli) just took it over the top for me. The fries are also excellent! Perfectly cooked and lightly seasoned.My wife ordered the chili and the margherita pizza. Both were very good. Not nearly on par with the burger I ate, but I  would probably order either myself if I ended up at Winghart's and wasn't in the mood for a burger.Let's just hope this new location can maintain the quality of service and food going forward, as I expect to be there quite a bit now.
<review# 738,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/31/2012,7/30/2012,10,65,1,6,6>Moving to Pittsburgh and living in Bloomfield the first place I heard about was Tessaro's, "Yinz gotta try TessAros, best burger in Pixburgh!"  Ehh, okay, , not real juicy, not much flavor, but a sort of  solid burger (I think this place gets too much credit because it has been around so long).  Then came BRG, in my opinion as good or better than Tessaro's, though a bit inconsistent.Then there was Burgatory, best burger I had in Pittsburgh and one of the best ever, i didn't think for Pittsburgh it would get much better than that.  Little did I know that Winghart's was just waiting for me.My wife and I decided to have the same burger, the Mattola, you know traditional, beef, bacon and cheese.  This was the best burger I have ever feasted on.  Not overly seasoned (if at all) just enough and the flavor of the beef shined.  The bacon was plentiful and crispy and the cheese perfectly melted.  The fries were also damn good, perfect fries for the supplied malt vinegar...The beer selection, though small, was solid. The atmosphere was what I like, small, dark and laid back.I will be back and probably sooner than later.
<review# 739,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/30/2011,8/6/2011,40,102,,5,3>Partner and I headed down last night before Harry Potter 7.2!  What a lovely surprise!Atmosphere is probably the best part of this place.  Very chill euro cafe feel with a hybrid alcohol/espresso bar, tables in the back, a back patio and live jazz DJ.Food comes in a close second.  2-3 salads at $6-8, couple of apps and 4-5 entrees from $10-15.  Goes without saying it is all vegetarian and they are very careful to ask if you want cheese or anything else in case you are vegan.Partner had the kale and black eyed peas over grits, her favorite dish to make!  It was a large portion, and fairly tasty.  I had the corn risotto over a portabello cap with sauteed spinach.  Dear chef: don't be afraid to use salt!  Especially if you don't put it on the tables!  Both dishes were tasty and inventive but frankly they were tempting fate with the big "B" word!  Just wasn't as satisfying as vegetarian and vegan food can be.  That slight misfire is all that kept me from giving 5 stars.Oh, and they have a full bar!  The martinis looked good but we went with beer, with about 10 decent selections.  Wine list is a bit less inspired with 4 grocery store by the glass offerings.Service was excellent, we basically had two servers attending to our every need.  Can be a bit loud!  We'll be back for sure!
<review# 740,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/31/2011,8/5/2011,69,269,4,4,2>If you appreciate good food, you should go here.  Some of the better food & drinks I've had in Pittsburgh.  They're new, and still figuring a few things out, but the food is inspired & it'll keep getting better.  They have a great mix of drinks and have all house-made syrups (orange, thyme, rosemary, etc.)  They have only a few drafts, but a bunch of canned beers; it's mostly good beers(think Oscar Blues, 21st Amendment, etc.)  If you're into absinthe, they do it the traditional way, using an absinthe fountain.  We started with the Thai-style Moules frites; they're not "traditional" Belgian frites but still really good, and the mussels were well executed. Only caveat, we had a few mussels that were unopened; my thought is those shouldn't be served.  We then went for the short rib flatbread, which was well done but not mind-blowing. For "dessert" we tried the bone marrow.  Holy sh!t that's good stuff.  If you haven't tried it....go to M&P just for that.  Don't go if you're on a diet, however.  My only suggestion for the marrow is to ask for extra bread upfront...I don't think 4 slices is enough for the sheer quantity of marrow that you get.  The marrow is definitely food-porn worthy.Atmosphere-wise, it has a very good vibe, and has an interesting mix of patrons; it's a good people-watching spot, and I'd definitely recommend it for a date.  I had a seat at the bar near the kitchen, and after that, there are a ton of reasons to go back.  I can't wait to go back; I'm adding this place to my frequent list, and expect to adjust my rating to 5 stars once they get into the groove.
<review# 741,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/1/2011,8/4/2011,53,433,2,4,3>Piper's Pub is truly worth the hype! I am in love with food "from across the pond" and have had a difficult time finding a place that accurately portrays the differences between Americanized and genuine English cuisine. I had a very difficult time picking just one entree to eat from the extensive menu, after all, who could pick a favorite child from a full brood. This was also one of the few places within the past year that I actually got excited over trying. The server is very witty, loves his job, had answers to any questions we had, and is Irish. LOVE that accent! The Scotch eggs (I won't describe this palate teaser as many reviewers below describe them accurately) were amazing! Our server explained that they are also served for breakfast with maple syrup. I so badly want to try this breakfast staple and maybe catch a football game (aka soccer to us Yanks) . I ordered the "Toad in a Hole" as described on the menu : Four fresh Local bangers (English sausage) in Yorkshire pudding baked golden brown and covered in our Jameson onion gravy. I can't even find the words to describe how tasty this was! I even had to take some of this home to finish later. The best way to describe the baked Yorkshire pudding is like the thin dough used to wrap a hot dog when making pigs in a blanket, light and airy and crispy. Darren ordered the Shepard's pie with lamb, and OMG, as a Shepherd's pie lover, this was the best I have EVER tasted! I can't wait to go back and try more things! When asked about the unique flavors, our server told us the chef uses sage to flavor the bangers and Shepherd's pie. I think I want to name my first daughter sage!
<review# 742,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/29/2011,8/3/2011,23,53,,5,2>I finally got a chance to try Thai Suan Thip this week. I've been meaning to, but they don't deliver, and I just hadn't gotten around to it.This is a great place to have in Bellevue. The atmosphere is very charming, though personally I could do without the tall tables; that's just me and my dislike of elevated chairs. We were seated right away around 7:30pm on a Tuesday. The place was full shortly thereafter; there aren't many tables, but they do have a nice patio. It's BYOB, being in dry Bellevue.Service was slow in the extreme, but very friendly. It took about ten minutes before the waiter came to our table at all. He did let us know right away that a few menu items weren't available (chicken satay and something else), and answered my friend's questions about a couple of dishes. Two of us ordered Thai iced tea, which sadly didn't arrive until about halfway through the meal, which itself took a very long time to come out. That said, they do only have two cooks, and the place is so cute we didn't mind the wait.One friend ordered the Snow Angel at first, but we were informed that you need to call ahead for it as the preparation takes a long time. She went with Shrimp in the Garden instead, which I've seen praised to high heaven in other reviews (not necessarily on Yelp). It was in fact really good, but it's basically shrimp and broccoli tempura with a tasty pineapple-chili dipping sauce. Well-executed and delicious, yes; novel and worth $10, not so much.I had the tom kha soup with chicken. Tom kha is the one food I would pick if I had to eat only one thing for the rest of my life, and this was an excellent example. It was perfectly balanced in terms of sour, salty and sweet (cookbook nod, anyone?) with a good tang of fish sauce balanced by the freshness of cilantro and galangal. Oddly, there were sweet bell peppers involved rather than roasted chiles; instead, the heat was added by crushed red pepper flakes. Understandable with the ability to specify different spiciness levels, but not optimal. Still, one of the best instances of one of my favorite foods. I wouldn't kick it out of bed for eating crackers.We also had shrimp pad thai, which was again very tasty. The noodles weren't overcooked, thank goodness, and the shrimp were large and perfectly done. The sauce was delicious, though I wish there'd been more of it.There was obviously a lot of attention given to the presentation of the dishes, both ours and the ones we saw go past on the waiter's arm. The portions were of reasonable size; when I go to Lulu's, say, or Thai Cuisine, I end up with a giant carry-out box of leftover pad thai, but here it was just the right amount for one meal. It could be argued that it ought then to cost slightly less, but I think they're going more for a nice upscale experience than "neighborhood Thai joint."Given the gorgeous interior, the friendly-if-slow service, and the readily apparent care that went into the dishes, I'll certainly go back. It's the kind of place that would be great for a date or for catching up with old friends. Next time, I'm getting larb, which is another barometer of good Thai food to me.Parking, by the way, is on the street mostly, and you may have a tiny bit of a walk, but no more than you'd find in Oakland.
<review# 743,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/21/2011,8/2/2011,100,116,1,7,4>Harris Grill is, hands down, one of my favorite restaurants in Pittsburgh.  Yes, it's in Shadyside, which I usually avoid at all costs, but I never have a problem making an exception for this spot.I don't think I've ever had something on the menu that I didn't fall in love with.  My husband and I are huge fans of the 'goat in a boat' (cheese and pepper dip served with yummy hot pita triangles), but there's nothing more satisfying after a few rounds of drinks than their baby burghers and horseradish mashed potatoes.Speaking of drinks, they have one of the most extensive mixed drink lists in the city.  If you find conversation with your dinner mates a bit dull, you can just page through the 'Grill Swill' menu for a few good laughs, and even some conversation starters.  I love the 'Surly Temple,' and my husband prides himself on sampling each and every type of Manhattan they offer.  Harris Grill is home to some of the best bartenders in the city (and also one of the hottest ;).Tuesday night at the Grill is Bacon Night, which means you can get unlimited (until they run out) bacon.  It's free in a basket at the bar, or $1 per basket at your table.  And if that's not enough bacon for you, they've even got bacon-tinis.  Yep, bacon, in booze form.  It's every Yinzer's dream.Their other booze specialty is the frozen cosmo, which is like a Slushee version of the original.  It's good, but as a girl who can't even do frozen margaritas, I seem to get a brain freeze every time I try one, and usually wind up sticking to the classic version, which is always perfectly mixed.Lately, I've been getting their chicken salads there, Pittsburgh style, with crispy fries on top.  There is something about their ranch dressing there that is just amazing.  See previous comment, re: everything here tastes like heaven.In nice weather, you can sit on their patio and put in some serious people-watching.  It gets crowded on the weekends, but all the more opportunity!  There are a lot of stairs at this place, and let me just say: drunk people trying not to fall down stairs... well, they're funny.  :) And the best part about Harris Grill?  You can hang out there without any of the Shadyside rubbing off on you.  So go forth, and bacon away :)
<review# 744,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/11/2011,8/1/2011,34,104,1,7,5>My first visit to Six Penn was a few weeks ago, taking a colleague out for lunch to celebrate his move to a new and better job. It was a perfect place for such an occasion and the ambiance and design of the restaurant was upscale but relaxed. On the menu, vegetarian items are marked well and I found the server to be knowledgeable and helpful in providing information about ingredients and options. I ordered a falafel sandwich and while not totally traditional, it was made in-house and was delicious. The ingredients were very fresh and the dish was not overwrought. The service was quick and attentive and our food was out quickly, though I might not recommend attempting a work lunch if you don't have at least 30-45 minutes available.I am excited to try their food again, perhaps this time to see what good items they have on their dinner menu.
<review# 745,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/25/2011,7/31/2011,149,198,3,6,4>I lived outside of New York for 7 years.   We went to theaters, clubs, restaurants, yet I NEVER went to any of the museums or any of the tourist sights.  Why?  Because I could do that anytime, right?  Then I left and I look back and think, "Why the hell didn't I go to the Empire State building?"  Now, every time I go back to NY, I try to knock off at least one tourist thing and one museum, in addition to the usual list of restaurants, etc.I realized I was about to fall in to the same trap here in Pittsburgh.  I've been here a year and eaten about about every conceivable restaurant in the city, been to most of the bars, but I haven't been to many of the attractions that people talk about that make the city so great.  So I have made a list--a list of things to do in Pittsburgh if I were a tourist.  And every Saturday, I will do at least "One Cool Thing in Pittsburgh."  Today was day one--and today was THE CARNEGIE MUSEUMS in Oakland.My first comment is, man, am I tired.  That is one big museum.  We started out by visiting the Biennial exhibition--a collection of Pittsburgh Artists.  The work was mixed--the photography exhibition was strong; I was a little underwhelmed by some of the other work--but either way, it was awesome to see the work on display and it speaks to the vibrant arts scene here.  The layout of the permanent collection is one of the most logical and easily flowing I've ever seen.  And the collections, while not huge, are all solid.  Definitely the 'right' pieces for someone who wants a nice overview of a period of time.  We were already tired by the time we got through the second floor (we never did go down to one) collection and decided we had to at least check out the dinosaurs.  Awesome.Got some geological history on the way.   By the time we saw the T Rex, we were both in need of a beer.  As we walked out, we upgraded our tickets to a dual membership.  We'll definitely be back.Can't wait to see what's next on the list.
<review# 746,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/20/2011,7/30/2011,15,127,9,7,4>I'm no expert on Vietnamese food, but methinks the folks who are all "OMG I AM FROM (name a coast) AND THIS PLACE IS TERIBEL OMG OMG OMG!!!!" need to put a plug in it.  If it's so great there, STAY THERE! We don't want to hear it.  Nobody logs into Yelp and says "Well, Tram's sucks, guess we have to go to BOSTON now to get Vietnamese food." Now, the review.  I am a curry monster.  If a country makes a curry, I want to eat it, and once I've eaten it, I want more.  Not all curries are created equal, but the curry you get at Tram's is pretty damn good.  And that's why I go there, but it's not the only reason to go there.The spring rolls are pretty good, as well.  What I like about them is that they're fat, and packed tightly.  You have to appreciate it, because it is no easy task to wrap one of those things really tightly without ripping the skin.The service is sort of no-frills.  They're not overtly friendly, but definitely not rude either.  Just quick and businesslike.  I love the ambiance, too, because it reminds me a lot of east Asia.  Cheap tablecloths, pastel-painted walls, and until recently, it was organized in such a way that your table and the folks next to you were so close together you may's well have been dining together.What's a real complaint about this place? It's what I say about every place that's cash only.  They need a credit machine.
<review# 747,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/2/2011,7/28/2011,70,148,,4,3>I came in and sat down to look at the menu, and started chatting with the chef like it was a sushi bar. Turns out I was talking to none other than Shipwreck himself, so his recommendation was fairly obvious. We got a shipwreck, a falafel burger, an order of fries, and a side of cole slaw - I have to try the cole slaw everywhere I go... I almost never like it as much as I hope, but I've gotta know. Blame my inner yinzer.The food was quick and the wait staff was super nice, they joked around with us, and even though this place orders like a fast food joint(Order at the counter, sit down and you'll get served), the girls come around, refill your drinks, clean up after you, etc. I ran into service like this at Los Cabos, as well and I have to say, I don't like paying - more specifically tipping - before I get my food. Not that I would tip any more or less unless the service was amazing or awful, but it just seems to go against the spirit - more like I'm trying to please the establishment that will be handling my food prep with a number than the other way around.Anyways, that was just an aside - I really loved the fries, some of them were super crispy, it's hard to find them like that in a lot of places but I love them. The burgers came exactly as we asked for them and they were well presented and covered in toppings. Amazing that they make it all the way to the counter neatly stacked, as they seem to get messy instantly upon picking them up. Well the Shipwreck did, anyways. The coleslaw was good. I like it a little creamier but it beats Primanti's(as if that's hard to do).. I could definitely eat it, instead of taking a bite and wishing I had grabbed something else.I didn't try the falafel, unfortunately, I was way too stuffed from trying to eat every last fry(I failed), and it seemed really heavy(I mean it's a giant wad of solid chickpea mass), so half of that remains in our fridge for round two.I spoke with Shipwreck a bit more about the place, he said the liquor should flow within a few weeks. I caught a meeting with Victory brewing company(thanks for the golden monkey sample a few nights ago, Victory lady!), so expect them on tap(not to divulge any trade secrets!)Overall, I like this place, and I will like it more when I can grab a drink here. I think the atmosphere is spot on and the people are definitely friendly enough to hang out with, with or without a burger in hand. The pizzas looked good, so that will probably on my list next time.Unfortunately, the burger has yet to beat out my favorite, Kuma's Corner in Chicago, but I'll take this on a regular basis to Kuma's less than once a year.
<review# 748,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/15/2011,7/27/2011,65,131,,4,4>Hands down the best ball park in all of Major League Baseball. The only other stadium that comes close is AT&T Park in San Francisco. Both stadiums are similar in size, dimensions, and style, but it is PNC Park's wonderful view the the Pittsburgh skyline which makes it stand above the west coast contender. Ask for tickets on the third base line, here you get the best view of the city. But no matter where you sit you will have a great experience. There is not a bad seat in the entire place. And the ticket prices are wonderfully low. Box seats on the baseline are only $24 and the cheapest tickets are only $9. Since the Pirates have been winning a lot this year it has been tougher to score tickets for weekend games so make sure you order your tickets online a week or so before you plan on attending a game.In my opinion there is no better place to be on a warm summer night in Pittsburgh.
<review# 749,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/10/2012,6/8/2012,41,161,1,3,4>I have written happy things about other bakeries, and they were not lies... but I had no idea what I was talking about. Knowledge based on experience is, obvs, limited by the experiences that you have had. So, Jean-Marc's Bakery, in unassuming Millvale, is the experience that made pretty much every other bakery experience pale in comparison (except my dearly loved almond croissant from Athan's in Brighton Center bc that is call-your-friends-in PGH-and-tell-them-to-visit-Boston good.) It's not that the atmosphere is especially lovely or the service especially charming, although both are fine. It's the macarons. Specifically, it's the pistachio macaron... and the lemon macaron... and the salted caramel. And then it's the croissant that is buttery and flaky but not dry or crunchy. And the sugar brioche that is HUGE and dense, but not chewy, with crunches of sugar crystal on top that has become pretty much my favorite anytime treat. So, yes. It is rather expensive to buy macarons. 6 for $8 or $1.35 a piece. And there is a card minimum ($10, I think) and it is somewhat out of the way. But really, I can get there just as quickly/easily as I can get to other L-ville-area bakeries and the baked goods are better by such a degree that going to Jean-Marc is totally worth it. Unless you want to go Sunday or Monday because what is up with Pittsburgh bakeries all being closed on Sundays when I want a not-breakfast/not-brunch snack and Mondays when I really need an early morning bakery fix?
<review# 750,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/12/2012,6/7/2012,23,147,4,5,2>Excellent all-around.  Vegetarians: stay away.I'd been wanting to try these guys for a while and finally went in last week.  I was not disappointed.  Everything's centered around redneck meats: pig and poultry.  (Not even sure I saw any highfalutin beef on the menu.)  Everything we had was excellent.  We started with the salumi and dandelion salad.  If you want to just sample, I'd recommend hitting just the salumi: it demonstrates Cure's expertise on charcuterie and won't break you at $14.  Everything on it was outstanding, and I'll fight anyone who doesn't like the lard/butter spread.  The salad was excellent, but it was more of a radicchio salad with two dandelion leaves on top.  Still good, and very meaty, with a sous-vide egg in the center and heaps of fried ham.  My entree was the pork and blood sausage - very good, but not excellent.  My partner had the roast duck, which was outstanding - best duck I've ever had.  (Granted, that's a small sample size, but I'd highly recommend it.)  We walked out at around $45/person, not counting tip.Everything paired very well with the Belgian tripel that I hauled in.  I'm a beer snob anyway, but I think the smoky, salty, earthy meats here would go better with some of the sweeter Belgian ales than with any wine.  Service was excellent - very knowledgeable, very helpful, and very attentive without seeming at all annoying or patronizing.  (Seems like that's a fine line in good restaurants.)Decor in the main dining room is good, but I can see the sound being a problem if they're busy - lots of hard surfaces and right angles.  Another minor dig is that you can see too much of the "junk" in the kitchen from the dining area.  I don't mind seeing some of the kitchen, but I don't want to stare at a rack of Camwear containers while I'm eating - especially at this price point.  All-in-all an outstanding meal - best I've had in Pittsburgh.  Can't wait to get back there.
<review# 751,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/26/2011,6/6/2012,100,138,,4,3>This was a great attraction for both a couple of native Pittsburghers and their out of town visitors. We learned a lot about our great city while on the tour. The tour guides were enthusiastic and entertaining and the ride was a lot of fun.  You even get the drive the boat in the water if you want!The only minor issue we had was trying to book the tour. We called on Sunday night to make a reservation for Monday and the line was closed, so we left a message that was supposed to be returned. We didn't hear back so we just showed up at Station Square to buy our tickets for the 1:30pm trip. We were waiting for the bus to board when we received a phone call back...at shortly before 1:00pm. If we hadn't just come and took our chances we likely would have made other plans. So they need to clean up their reservation system (HELLO, online reservations?!)Also be forewarned if you are taking more than one tour while you're visiting; apparently there is only one handbook for Pittsburgh tour guides, because a good number of the facts we heard were the same ones we heard on the Double Decker tour. It was still fun though!PS: Regarding the owner's comment below: We tried to make our reservations online but it was the day before the tour, and it said we could not do so. I think it would be better to be able to make your reservations any time; the day before shouldn't be too short of a notice.
<review# 752,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/13/2011,6/5/2012,23,53,2,6,2>Penn Mac is a fun shopping experience. I used to do a lot of my weekly shopping here, but now that I live in the North Hills I've got that can't-cross-the-river syndrome and I only get there every other week or so. It's miles above a Market District, though, in terms of entertainment value and pricing.The cheese counter is pretty good. It's not the most amazing selection ever, but it's great for Pittsburgh. For example, they don't carry a variety of aged cheddars or Stiltons, opting instead to offer one or two basic and many flavored versions (with apples, with onions, etc.) They do let you sample, which I recommend; like another reviewer, I've gotten over-old blue cheese here once or twice. They've always enforced the half-pound minimum for me. The fresh mozzarella is great, and I can't resist it when tomatoes are in season. I hate to even mention it, but one time I got home and found... well, a hair in my mozzarella. It put me off for a few weeks but seems to have been a one-time incident (and no, I never brought it up to them).The deli has fantastic prices and does proper thin slices, nicely laid out on paper sheets so it doesn't stick together. Daniele prosciutto is amazing, and the domestic is pretty good at a great price. Iberico and Serrano jamon? Yes please.Service at both the cheese and deli counters can take a pretty long time if you go on a weekend. However, I've been able to walk right up on weekday afternoons, and the weekend logjam is kind of fun once in a while.In the same room they have the amazing olive bar. I pretty much only buy olives in the Strip. I know the Iggle has an olive bar, but everything I've ever bought from one tastes off in a way I can't put my finger on. Castleventrano olives (a bright, clear light green) are amazing: buttery and briny and fruity with a firm texture. Cerignola are good, and the various stuffed olives on offer are nice if you don't feel like dealing with pits.I haven't really bought many of their bulk goods aside from Jordan almonds, to which I am shamelessly addicted. They have a variety of pretty colors, as well as the "seconds" which aren't as shiny but taste great anyway.I love the selection of anchovies, tuna and tomato products in the dry goods area. They also have a good variety of hot sauces, though I can't say I've ever seen Pickapeppa there. Full range (I think) of Dave's Insanity, and lots of other brands as well. Important: They do sell Blennd concentrate, which you can also pick up at the Iggle. I have fond childhood memories of drinking Blennd at the KMart cafeteria growing up. I introduced my Michigan-born husband to it and he never visits Pittsburgh without getting Blennd at least once. (You can also get it premixed and cold at Wholey's, FYI.)In the next room you'll find baccala (yum), pour-your-own olive oils at a reasonable price (not a huge selection, but the Spanish is fruity and a good everyday sort of thing at $4.99/12oz). I pretty much never buy bread here, opting to hit up the double rustic baguettes at Mancini's instead. The anise love knot cookies are great.The last room has produce, normally at a good price but not the best selection. They do have fresh figs in season, thank God. I have to admit I've never tried the fresh pasta, since that's one of those things I just make at home. I should probably remedy that so I can offer an opinion on it. They sometimes have refrigerated and ready-to-go San Pelligrino Chinotto, a bitter soda that comes in a pretty bottle you can use as a small vase afterwards.Checkout is straightforward and efficient, but you will be in line for a while if you go on a weekend. It's nuts, just like everywhere else in the Strip. If you can, visit all the shops both on a weekday and on a weekend to enjoy two totally different experiences.They do have a small parking area behind the store on Liberty, with which I wish you good luck on a Saturday. Otherwise it's street parking, but there's a ton of that, and walking past and through the other shops in the Strip is so much fun it shouldn't matter anyway.
<review# 753,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/11/2012,6/3/2012,28,62,,8,2>Went here for the first time last night and took the tour, and immediately started a work-out. We picked Bodytech for the location, parking, and lack of an initiation fee. Also it's clean and reasonably priced.The gym is small, but there's enough room for your work out if (I imagine) it's not busy. The equipment is great, the cardio theater with 3 TV screens is a nice touch. They have health bars and water available for members. Members enter via a swipe system. They're not open 24 hours, but they are open late enough. Shorter hours on Saturdays and Sundays.We won't be using their personal trainers, but I saw one helping out a young girl and she seemed to be extremely friendly and encouraging.What I like the most about this gym is that it's really down to earth. I feel extremely comfortable there. It's not all shiny and surrounded by windows on all sides, it just has the things you need to get your work out done.We liked it so much that we're joining. Woo-hoo!
<review# 754,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/10/2011,6/2/2012,43,16,1,12,4>For years, I have struggled with my weight and health. After repeatedly being let down by traditional Western medicine, it was time to explore alternative paths. I met with Dr. Lina for a wellness consultation and instantly felt a strong connection. For the first time in my life I felt empowered to take my health and wellness into my own hands. It was a welcome relief to finally be treated by a doctor who doesn't want her patients to "just pop a pill."A few weeks after our consultation, I received my thorough wellness evaluation. Dr. Lina recommended a 10-day Panchakarma detox program. We broke up my sessions across four weeks. About three weeks after my first five days of Panchakarma, my intense cravings for sweet foods began to subside. By the end of my final five days of Panchakarma, I didn't want it to end! It's such a relaxing experience to be in the hands of a doctor who deeply cares for each and every one of her patients and who is a true healer.In addition to Panchakarma, I have taken a couple of cooking classes with her and I have learned so much about how to properly nourish my body. I actually love cooking now! I also notice how much better my body feels after I eat a fresh, toxin-free, homemade meal.
<review# 755,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/23/2011,6/1/2012,102,290,,3,3>Got back my dress I had tailored at Thrifty Cleaners and the transaction was smooth. When I dropped my dress on a Tuesday around lunch their turnaround was about 24 hours, which I was surprised at and a huge plus (I had asked if it would be possible to complete by Thursday). You get a discount - a couple of bucks and they tell you the difference - if you pay beforehand which I would recommend. They do have a credit card minimum of $10 even though I paid with cash. Thrifty does not or at least I did not see a changing room so make sure that you have your garment marked where you want taken in. I will be coming back to try their dry cleaning service but I am already sold on their quick alterations. No more waiting a week and believe I was charged about double for alterations on a dress at another business. Street parking can be trouble though.
<review# 756,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/26/2012,5/31/2012,3076,78,,6,2>Toro, Toro, Toro. Yes lovers of Fatty Tuna, I have found it here. And it was very delicious. Fresh and melt in your mouth delicious. Just went there first time last night to try their sushi and found a real winner. Started with two orders of Fatty Tuna Sashimi and went on to other, sushi and Makis from there. All were exceedingly fresh and delivered in beautiful preparations. The tastes were fabulous and compare well with some of the best Sushi I have had in all my travels across the US.This review is really just for the Sushi at Yamato. This new restaurant is now in the former site of Buffalo Wild Wings in Penn Center East, between Churchill and Monroeville. This place has been beautifully designed and decorated. The lighting design in the bar area is awesome. There are really four components comprising the restaurants offerings and service. First they have a full service bar with bar stools, high tops and booths. Second, well obviously they have a Sushi menu with a Sushi counter. Third they have a regular 'kitchen' menu and seating. Fourthly they have Hibachi with eight tables I think and an interesting looking menu. I will be back to try the Hibachi and Kitchen someday.Back to Sushi..... After the Toro, I tried the Spicy Tuna, very nice and spicy as I like it. Next had the Eel with avocado Maki. This was some of the best Eel I have had in Pittsburgh, or could be tied with Umi's unagi. I followed with Dynamite (a complex maki with spicy yellowtail, asparagus with salmon, avocado, masago, wasabi mayo and sriracha sauce - YUM), Dragon (crab, avocado, cucumber, with eel and eel sauce) , and Spider (soft shell crab, masago lettuce, cucumber with eel sauce)  rolls. If you are wondering, Masago is Capelin or Flying Fish roe and Sriracha sauce is a type of hot sauce of a Thai nature.  Somewhere in between the rolls I had the Salmon Roe (ikura) with its wonderful moist explosion of flavor in your mouth. Hard to beat if you love roe. These were all of excellent quality and taste. Unfortunately I could not stuff anymore into my bod, or I would have kept working my way through the Sushi menu. So I am making a promise to myself to get back often. I now have favorites for repeats and many other options to try. For Sushi lovers in Pittsburgh, I strongly suggest this is a must try for you. But save some for me.
<review# 757,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/9/2012,5/30/2012,12,65,4,3,3>Dear God, could there ever be anything cooler than what is going on down in the Larkin's Lawrenceville basement? Ok ok, I won't bore you by repeating what everyone else has said except to say that IT'S ALL TRUE, and that had better excite you big time. Other cool things...the flavours are constantly changing as the couple experiments, which is a huge selling point for any home brewery, but I think more so when you're talking about an actual in-my-home brewery, and feel more connected to the creation process.  Very exciting thing to be happening in Pittsburgh, you should definitely get over there and support the heck out of them, get your growler, and thereby enlist in the army of cider advocates.Just as a TMI FYI: if you're slight-figured and think cider tastes like apple juice, you're going to have a lot of fun if you find yourself at the bottom of your growler on the same day you bought it. Might wanna go for a bone dry to slow yourself down, ha!
<review# 758,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/23/2012,5/28/2012,91,67,5,13,6>I'll admit it. I have a slight bias towards small businesses that locally source and, above all, are DELICIOUS.Google Offers sent me here with a deal too good to pass up. T'was criminal, really, that I hadn't been to Pastitsio before since I only live up the hill from it. I seem to always stop by when they're closed! (That being said, they do have slightly strange hours.) I stopped reading the menu as soon as I got to FALAFEL SANDWICH and, pupils dilated, saliva dripping, just repeatedly pointed at the words until I received my sandwich. While the ten minute wait for my sandwich might very well have been the longest ten minutes of my life, every bite was sooooo sooo worth it. Everything was just amazingly fresh! From the cucumber and carrot salad to the veggies in the sandwich, it seriously tasted like they just uprooted their produce in the back upon receiving my order. The best part, however, was the falafel itself. It was certainly unconventional in that it tasted much richer and more moist than falafel I've had elsewhere. If only I could replicate everything in my own kitchen! Alas, I'm forced to return again and again on an empty stomach (though leaving fully satiated).I really thought I had had the best falafel in town at Kassab's, but Pastitsio seriously gives them a run for their money! Now, I just need to get them to deliver lunch to my workplace... (and cater my birthday... and maybe my wedding... and my bat mitzvah...)
<review# 759,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/8/2014,5/15/2014,297,472,3,5,4>From the outside this place looks like a run down Asian restaurant, but don't judge this book by the cover. Inside isn't much to speak of either with its tacky Asian decorations. Sushi Tomo is a top player in Pittsburgh's sushi scene. My first time here I had three rolls, spicy salmon, spicy tuna, and a dragon roll, an order of seaweed salad and Saki. These are no little rolls, these would have filled up any Pittsburgh steel worker after a double shift. The rice was perfectly cooked, sticky and delicious, the salmon and tuna perfectly aged and flavorful. The sauces delicately drizzled over each roll, normally added to please the eye, also pleased my palate, adding a zingy creaminess to these Japanese works of art. The seaweed salad was good, but I've never had a bad one.My second visit was for lunch, as I was alone, I sat at the sushi bar. Remembering my first foray at Sushi Tomo, I only ordered 2 rolls, being a salmon freak I had the spicy salmon again and asked the chef if he worked with salmon skin. He made me a delicious salmon skin roll with the fatty belly as the main protein in the middle of the roll. It was delicious and to guild the Lilly, he topped each piece with salmon eggs. As if the fatty belly and crispy salmon skin wasn't enough richness, the salmon eggs  added even more creamy richness to each piece. It was an epicurean delight, a mixture of textures and temperatures. Warm rice, crispy salmon skin, cool salmon belly, and the creamy salmon eggs. Just a touch of soy sauce for that wonderful umami earthiness. This was a work of culinary art. I hope this roll is on the menu, I'd order two of them, although I'd just have the salmon eggs on one of the rolls, as their richness became tiresome to my palate. Great place, even if the outside could use sprucing up, but in life we find these are the hidden gems that normally we'd pass up.
<review# 760,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/15/2014,5/14/2014,580,275,7,10,9>"So.... Is Frank really hot???"Of course this was my mature reaction the first time I had heard about this place!  At first glance, you just don't expect this place to be that exciting.  But it's straight up good food at reasonable prices.  There is your expected burgers and dogs, but there is also some Greek food!  Plus a tiny bar area!  Cool!This is one of the cheaper options in the Strip.  My go to is the 1/2 pound Cheeseburger.  It's about $6 for a fresh off of the grill burger.  Special?  No.  But a little bit of happiness in every bite?  You bet!The hot dogs always look good, and the gyros are delicious as well!  The help here is so friendly.  If you are eating in and don't carry cash, tip on your credit card when you pay initially!  They bring your food out to you, check on you, and clear your dishes.Hot Franks is a not in the hustling part of the Strip, but I like that!  You don't have to wait forever to get a seat, and there is plenty of parking on the street.  So no reason not to check it out!
<review# 761,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/27/2014,5/13/2014,45,257,1,6,2>I feel like I'm just full of 5 star reviews lately and David's Diner is well deserving of another one.  I invited my parents to Sunday brunch, offering them a few locations to choose from.  Sometimes they can be picky eaters but I know they always enjoy a good diner. Based on the few good reviews here (especially Haywood J's) I was hoping they'd pick David's Diner.  And they took the bait.  I should mention that I've requested an update on the Yelp business information.  The address was listed as Pittsburgh 15238 which is more the Fox Chapel area and not the Springdale location where David's can actually be found.  My GPS was confused.  But thank goodness for the awesome photos available from my fellow Yelpers.  With their help we easily located David's Diner by the flag hanging from their red, white and blue sign, just a bit north of the original address we were confused by.  Inside we found a quaint little dining room that included a counter, tables and even a bench for waiting.  The staff welcomed us and were happy to answer questions.  (Yes, you can get egg beaters in place of eggs with any meal.)  My Mom ordered Lisa's Whole Grain Blue Pancakes, Dad a veggie omelet.  I couldn't decide so I asked our waitress if I should go with the Country Eggs Benedict or Ray Ray's Trash Plate.  Without hesitation, her answer was the Country Eggs Benedict.  Decision made.Lisa (who owns and runs the place with her husband and veteran Dave) introduced herself to us and thanked us for coming.  We could tell they had their regulars, like the people who showered Lisa with hugs on their way out.  It's great to see places like this, places with ties to the neighborhood.  There's an appreciation for the personal business and the business gives that love back to the community.  I'd only just met Lisa but I was happy for their success.The food was delicious, of course.  The thin sliced potatoes that came with Dad's omelet were just the way I like them.  Mom couldn't even come close to finishing those pancakes.  Meanwhile I devoured those Country Eggs Benedict like it was my job.  We relaxed at our cozy little table, pleased with finding another local gem.  Luckily this time we didn't have to wait but even if we did, David's is worth it.
<review# 762,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/24/2014,5/12/2014,45,195,1,9,5>I'm a big fan of the public market.  Everything is local, fresh, and you get to talk to the people that make everything.  If you're a vegan or even if you're not I recommend stopping by the food stand for Vegan ABC.  If you're a little scared they do offer free samples upon request.  The buffalo chicken was perfectly spicy and the pulled pork sandwich left me in disbelief that there was no meat in there.  You'll also find ethnic foods, hot soups, delicious coffee, and locally brewed beer.  I also bought a plant for my office here which seems to be doing quite well.  This is a great place to visit and support the local Pittsburgh economy.  I highly recommend it either for food, shopping, or just to check it out.
<review# 763,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/23/2013,5/11/2014,44,78,,8,3>You know the little dive bar, right by the tracks on your way to the Waterfront?  The place you have driven by 20K times and never thought to actually stop in cause it's a dive bar?  Hold on to your seats, folks, cause this isn't a dive bar. It's actually a freaking fantastic watering hole and surprisingly healthy and inventive pub.  One of my friends stopped by here and wrote something on facebook about it that made me think it was worth my while and it was way better than even expected. The hubby and I decided to split everything after ordering some beers - cranberry ale for me (not nearly cranberry-ish enough) and a Bell's Christmas White for him (excellent choice).  Their menu is a mix of reasonably healthy and nice and awesomely naughty - perfect for the holidays.  We started with the fried zucchini which we use as a bit of a guide as we eat our way around Pittsburgh.  Almost everyone has it, almost everyone does it horribly, horribly wrong.  Blue Dust was a fabulous exception.  The zucchini appeared to have been picked that day, it was sliced super thin and breaded and deep-fried to perfection.  It was served on a bed of lettuce which did pretty-up the plate, but also served to soak up the grease.  We then asked to split the lamb chili.  I assumed we would be given two spoons and a "go for it" kind of attitude, but they actually split the order in two and gave us two orders of the delicious garlic bread that accompanied it.  It was amazing!  Seriously amazing.  It was just lamb-y enough that you knew that you were eating lamb, but not so lamb-y that you were wondering if you were on the farm.  It was slightly spicy and really just a perfect winter meal.  We also split the sliders - crab, smoked turkey and brisket.  They were all amazing.  Very different and very tasty.  They came with local-made chips and a fantastic smoked tomato salsa that I really could have had a massive jar of to take home. Unfortunately, between the 2 and 3 course, I discovered the liquor menu.  Infused root beer bourbon?  Infused chai vodka?  A mixed drink with Crabbie's ginger beer?  Why didn't I look at you earlier???We will be back.  Many, many, many times.  A must stop on your way to the Waterfront.
<review# 764,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/26/2014,5/10/2014,149,198,2,4,2>Located in the strip District on Smallman St., Kaya is a big burrito restaurant and one of my favorites. This is sort of a 'Friday night tradition' normally with my wife and I when she flies into town. I always get the tofu tacos;however, it seems that the tofu tacos one on the menu today. I hope that's not a permanent thing! Sat outside with my friend Rick tonight. Had the fantastic ox tail bruschetta followed by the skirt steak on a bed of asparagus and polenta.  They serve nonalcoholic beer, which makes me very happy. I wish more restaurants did that! Oh, and by the way, I do not think O'Doule's qualifies as anything other than rotgut, so if that's what you serve, you're not serving nonalcoholic beer.They screwed steak tonight was okay, but a little bland. I was able to put some hot sauce on it to make up for it.Service is good, location is good, highly recommend.
<review# 765,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/25/2013,5/9/2014,83,222,2,5,4>BUY THE MEMBERSHIP! I have a dual membership that allows me and  my son to hit all of the Carnegie museums including the Warhol. We originally came for the dinosaurs but recently I discovered the hall of architecture because of the Christmas tree display. And while I  found the Christmas tree displays to be underwhelming, seeing the old prespia was nice and all the plaster casts of old European architecture. Another benefit is that the Natural History museum is connected to the Museum of Art. One admission price gets you into both..
<review# 766,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/17/2014,5/8/2014,110,228,2,4,3>I've always passed Murray Avenue Grill, but never decided here for dinner for some reason. So, when it was my decision to pick a nice restaurant for Valentine's Day, I decided on MAG since none of us have tried it. They did not take reservations but the girl on the phone informed me that the wait wasn't too bad, but I could also call when on my way (i forgot! lol) We walked in and were told that it'd be a half hour wait for our party of 4. It actually only took 2 minutes because someone left right afterwards. The host was super friendly! Wow, that guy needs to take his friendliness to the next level (serving!) MAG offered the regular menu as well as a Valentine's Day menu (score!) The V-day menu consisted of entrees of steak w. crabmeat & asparagus, lobster, steak & lobster, ribs or burger & fries. Bobby and I each decided on the steak & lobster. I know many have already explained, but MAG has GREAT steak! I almost asked the server for steak sauce until I tasted how juicy & flavorful the steak was! The lobster was even better. We've had lobster at another restaurant, but MAG's was flawless (in fact, a man at the table across from us stopped over to ask how good the lobster was) I ordered the steamed veggies as a side &  Bobby had the asparagus- which by the way he said was the 2nd best asparagus he's had. (Don't worry, I informed him it's a little weird to have a top 5 asparagus list) Our friends ordered the rib entree & another ordered the burger & fries. All looked delish and everyone said it was a good decision to come here! For dessert, my friend & I split the chocolate cake. Do yourself a favor and choose that as your dessert. It literally knocked our socks off! So our v-day dinner was great. The only awkward part was the server. She seemed on the debbie-downer side, which flipping lasted our entire meal. When we asked what was wrong, she said that it was a slow night, partly because no regulars we there. Server Etiquette 101: dont inform new patrons at your restaurant that you miss your regulars.. especially on Valentine's Day when we're about to have a $150 table bill. Part of me wished the happy-go-lucky host could've been promoted at that moment to our server. The food made up for it though! I'm excited to head back here in the Spring to enjoy the outdoor seating.
<review# 767,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/25/2014,5/7/2014,93,457,,12,2>After having been in the space before when it was Alma, I guess I didn't have high expectations.  I was not really impressed.  That being said, I love what the owners of the new Istanbul Sofra did with the place.  It is super cute in there, nicely set up to maximize seating (while not being on top of your neighboring tables).  The overall vibe in there is great. Service was great too... Between the server and the owner maybe, we were very well attended to despite the fact that they had gotten quite busy.  We ordered the large cold appetizer platter which had everything on it... There wasn't a thing on it that I did not enjoy.  I ordered the Adana kebab for my meal. It was awesome.  Came on a bed of rice with a side of salad and some red cabbage (I think it was in vinegar and boy it was good too).  The hubby got the Iskander- I had a bite and it was good.  Judging by his clean plate- he enjoyed it too :) The 4 of us then split the 4 piece Baklava.  Best. Baklava. Ever. It had to be home made.  Such a great experience.  I left very happy and excited to return again soon.  I highly recommend this place!
<review# 768,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/14/2014,5/6/2014,206,143,5,8,6>I liked the old place in Oakmont and was very excited for this verion. It's more or less the same approach: ambitious, sophisticated, technically brilliant, exquisite plating, shocking yet harmonious flavor combinations...all in all guaranteed to be a memorable, delicious sensory experience. I can't really fathom how the old, frozen-in-time, "fine" dining establishments stick around when there is some legitimate world-class next-level cooking happening at notion and a few other spots.All that said, it's not perfect. I think the vibe is off. Many of the dishes are fun, whimsical, creative masterpieces, and the setting feels too uptight, too white tablecloth and simply too much carpet. I just think the people that frequent old school "fine" dining aren't going to go for this cuisine anyway. There frankly wasn't one dish other than the chocolate coffee truffle bite that old folks I know would even consider eating. Sous vide chicken may as well be arsenic-infused-mercury chicken as far as my grandma is concerned. So I'm not sure what the risk would be to skew younger. I similarly don't care for the name or the branding generally. But when the food and service are this good at this price, I absolutely, unequivocally do not care.
<review# 769,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/22/2013,2/10/2014,38,50,,7,4>You may have blinked and missed it, but not every coffee shop operates like a Starbucks clone anymore. The new wave of coffee shop, focused on single origin roasts and craft extraction methods, operates more like a wine bar. Adding creamer to your pourover/Aeropress is akin adding ice to a chardonnay. You're diluting the work and craft for which you're paying. Yes, some people will still do it and maybe even prefer it, but don't expect to walk in here, request it, and not get a funny look. For the same reason, you aren't going to find a ton of fancy, non-standard lattes. I appreciate that 21st Street is bringing Intelligentsia roasts to Pittsburgh, but that's also why I'm limiting my review to 4 stars. If I'm going to spend $15-20 for 12oz of coffee, I'd generally prefer all of that to go to the roaster -- and there are local options where this is possible.Absent of buying beans here, I still enjoy going to 21st Street to try what they have in stock, get some insight from their knowledgable baristas, and enjoy a great espresso or cup of coffee. The new space they have is a wonderful respite from the crowds on the Strip or -- for me personally -- where I come to decompress after downtown meetings.
<review# 770,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/10/2013,2/9/2014,84,195,4,7,5>After coming here repeatedly, I think Noodlehead has won me over. I had a chance to try not only their pad thai which I was not satisfied with (because I am dead set on how it should be made) but also their Street noodle #2, kee mao, see yew, chiang mai curry, and pork belly steamed buns. After going there the 4th time I must say that they offer a great variety of interesting noodles that could satisfy anyone! I don't actually remember why I didn't like it in the first place but their noodle dishes are always scrumptious and I can't wait to go back and try some noodle soups! p.s. They also offer great teas there so don't fret to try those out as well.
<review# 771,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/17/2014,2/8/2014,50,170,,5,4>Stagioni is definitely a refreshing step up from most other South Side restaurants. We enjoyed a few glasses of wine while sampling a few of the smaller plates and the gnocchi. We ordered one of the bruschetta options and had mixed feelings about it, but everything else was wonderful. I would have been perfectly happy with several orders of the meatballs for my entire meal, but the gnocchi was great as well. And on top of it, we had the best service that I've had in a long time (from both the hostess and waiter). I highly recommend it to anyone who enjoys Italian cooking.
<review# 772,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/23/2014,2/7/2014,1891,388,,8,4>Such a great program!Assemble is a cool community space for arts and technology in the heart of Garfield. Their mission is to invite people of all ages to engage their intrigue and creativity through hands on explorations of art and technology. Their programs include monthly openings during the Unblurred gallery crawls, as well as workshops, lectures and community activities, with a focus on providing quality creative programming for the children of the area.They offer a ton of different programs including FREE weekly after school help with homework on Tuesdays and a weekly 2 hour technology/ craft program for kids in 6th through 9th grade on Thursdays from 5:30  to 7:30pm and Saturdays from 10am to 12pm that my daughter absolutely LOVES! If it wasn't for the Yelp Helps event I would have never found out about them.Should you need further information about signing your child up please contact Julia Brown by email at julia@assemblepgh.org or by calling (724) 462-4170.
<review# 773,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/4/2014,2/6/2014,60,19,,9,4>I've started this review multiple times but words always seem to fall short and feel inadequate to describe this true diamond in the steel buckle of the rust belt! First the owner of the shop isn't the absentee kind. He's a mad genius behind the counter creating dare I say it sinfully delectable chocolate creations that befuddle the mind! Not to mention he's a genuinely nice guy who exudes a true passion for his chocolate. Now you can have your Mr. Wizard, Bill Nye, or Dr. Frankenstein but he is a true mad scientist with his dark and milk chocolate alchemy! I mean chocolate covered bacon, scumdiddlyumptious truffles, milk shakes spun by hand with what could be termed interesting but delicious ice cream offerings, and my personal favorite the chocolate enveloped peanut butter loved rice crispy treats!!!Now add to all of this incredible edible chocolate/confectionery is the staff. Not only do you find yourself in hand crafted amazing chocolaty goodness but you have a collection of friendly, fun, fantastic ,folks to guide you into the plethora of choices that will leave you weak in the knees and begging for mercy to tear into the amazing bag of goodies you're sure to leave with!I can't stop getting enough of the amazing treats, great people, and I almost forgot to mention with the cold setting in to Pittsburgh their mind blowing, game changing, dare I say soul warming hot chocolate sure to melt away the frostbite nipping at your nose, toes, and stomach.With so many options of Sinful Sweets to choose from I will have to keep visiting again, and again, and again!
<review# 774,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/3/2014,2/5/2014,100,282,,8,3>Nice studio with a clean friendly feel.  Good instructors and a well run business.As far as bikram yoga studios go, this one is pretty standard.  You go through the same poses and similar adjustments are given by the instructor.  So, what you've got left to judge a studio on is:  Location - conveniently in Squirrel Hill, plenty of street parking availableCustomer Service - very organized, friendlyFacilities - very clean, doesn't have that damp yoga studio feel!I would definitely recommend this studio!
<review# 775,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/4/2013,2/4/2014,351,500,2,10,6>This little hole in the wall in the Strip is serving up some yummy grilled food. The first time we tried to go here they were out of chicken, and I don't usually eat beef, so we went elsewhere. I thought about docking them a star for this, as actually having the food that's being offered on the menu is a big part of running a successful restaurant, but, after having eaten here, I think the place is 4 star worthy. There is no table service here, and really no tables other than the ones on the patio outside. There are a few barstools inside, but the comfort level is low, as you have people milling about, either standing in line or waiting for their to go orders, and the space underneath the stools where your legs and feet would normally go is taken up by stacked wood. As a side note I'll say that it's too bad there's no place in the Strip, such as a small park or some other public area, where people can go and congregate...it would be a nice addition to the neighborhood, and there are a couple of take out places that could benefit. The outside tables were all taken when we arrived, so we ate at the counter on the barstools. We ordered the chicken from the "hambre" side of the menu, and sides of the grilled veggies and gaucho potatoes. This was a good amount of food for the two of us. The chicken comes "picked" and served with their onion sauce, a delicious concoction of caramelized onions that have been pureed and seasoned. The veggies were grilled perfectly, and the potatoes were delicious. We helped ourselves to the sauces they offer...a roaster red pepper sauce, a garlicky ajo and their version of chimichurri, that Argentinian staple. All were very good. They really know how to cook here, and the food is delicious. I hope they become successful enough to afford a move to roomier digs at some point in the future. In the meantime, I'll still go and hope for an empty barstool.
<review# 776,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/28/2013,2/3/2014,183,180,1,8,4>"Jalapeno tostadas...yum!" That was a tip I shared a while back, let me go just a little deeper. That Hot sauce you found, loved and could never locate again? Reyna's has it. Biggest hot sauce collection in town. The same goes for BBQ sauces, any Latin ingredient you can think of, salsas out the wazoo, HANDMADE tortillas and tortilla chips so good they supply the best Mexican restaurants in Pittsburgh, fresh salsas, scorpion lollipops (for your wild, still sweet self), loose beans, herbs and all sorts of goodies in bins in the back....including dried hibiscus flowers that I make my mango hibiscus daiquiris with!Whatever you need, Reyna's has it. If they don't, ask...they do their best to get it! And don't miss the taco stand outside or the restaurant downstairs. Whatever Reyna's does, it's top notch!
<review# 777,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/5/2013,2/2/2014,2,13,,4,3>I go here with my friends all the time. I get the margarita pizza- it's simple but deliciousssss. The tomato sauce must be house made because it certainly doesn't taste like the sauce you get from the jar- therefore it's not salty and the red is a soft red but very flavorful. The toppings are drops of actual mozerella cheese not the packages frozen one. And there's always three to four leaves if Basil on the center of the pizza which is approximately 8-10 inches in diameter (I think). Their gelatos are also delicious! Such a variety of flavors and it's not too thick or sugary. It's a perfect casual dining place. Even a simple date.
<review# 778,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/28/2014,2/1/2014,540,698,,5,5>There's something about a hot dog that can make any person's day better.  Does that sound corny, heck if I care.The O is one of those Pittsburgh things, one part mythical and one part mandatory.  It is one of those places that any and all Pittsburgher should try at least once before moving on.  Believe it or not, this is only my second time trying this place and I've lived and worked in the Burgh for over ten years now.  People are always complaining about how this place has a negative appeal, I just don't see it.  You may have some bad things happen here, but that can happen at any business in any part of the city.The hot dogs them self are amazing.  So many different ways to have them topped.  And, they are cooked fresh right in front of you.  They are first cooked on the griddle and then right before they toss them in the bun to be topped to your liking, they put them on a grill to give them that char mark and a little bit of crispiness.  Biting into one of these masterpieces is close to heaven.  Once you bite through that casing, it's like full flavor in your mouth.  My latest visit I just opted for the boring (yet tasty) ketchup, mustard and onion on my dog.  I'm happy I opted for it this way.  The flavor combination above did not over power the dog.I also got some of their fresh cut fries, a small, not that colossal fry that I knew I'd be eating for three days and they were just as good.  A note to people, they ask if you want salt on them instead of just putting it on there.  So for all those health conscious, low sodium eaters out there, that solves it for you.A few other notes on this place.  They accept credit cards instead of being a cash only establishment.  There is extra seating on other floors.  There is a walk up window for the warmer months.  Limited bar experience here as well.  Six packs to go.Enjoy your dog here, or take it to go.  It is truly a one of a kind Pittsburgh experience.
<review# 779,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/28/2014,8/14/2014,31,151,2,5,5>Friend and I were early birds to The Porch last Sunday before a concert in town.  Here's how it went down:House Sangria - always the foundation.  Red was outstanding, great flavor.  Also sampled the Pineapple Sage Margarita, refreshing and different.Me:  Kimchi... nicely spiced Asian slaw, loved it.  And Panzanella Salad.  Salad?  Well, um, BREAD SALAD - Couldn't help it!  Goat cheese, basil and pickled onions over a bed of bread chunks with watermelon vinaigrette.  Extremely filling.  Extremely tasty.  And white anchovies throughout.  Perfection.Friend:  Corn Bread, yum! --I snatched a sample-- and the prime rib sandwich - which was declared fabulous - I can only vouch for it's high marks in curb appeal.Service was happy, helpful (except for having no idea what was in the Sangria, bummer) and attentive.Pricing was pretty pricey, but didn't tip the value scale.There were plenty of outdoor tables and an outdoor fireplace, but mother nature decided that indoors was the way to go this visit...  Next time outdoors for sure!
<review# 780,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/3/2014,8/13/2014,50,210,5,4,2>That joke is fowl.  I'm sorry that joke didn't fly.  I'm just winging it.  You can put it on my bill.  Just Ducky Tours is full of bad jokes like these and random quacking at strangers.  This tour takes you from Southside through downtown onto North Shore.  You learn a little history and  some fun facts (Pittsburgh has more bridges than any city in the world; it has over 700 in the area!).  The vehicle is also a boat that goes onto the water.  The tour is $22 and the tour lasts about an hour.  Lots of fun, even if you live in Pittsburgh.
<review# 781,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/14/2014,8/12/2014,30,115,1,6,3>Went to Palmyra's today for lunch.What a fantastic difference from when they first opened.  They added labels to their food, which is great because now I don't have to grunt and point to the random goodness that they serve!Today, I had the chicken shawarma that was carved off the spit just moment before we ordered.  It was juicy, delicious, and plentiful.  I also had the sleek (bulgar wheat with kale and onion) and tabbouli (parsley, tomato, onions) and both side dishes were excellent.The hummus was also good, but not great.Everyone was friendly and thankful that we visited.I'm thankful we visited too! It was a great lunch, and we'll have to work this into our regular rotation because it was fantastic!(Upgrading previous review from 3 to 5 stars!)
<review# 782,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/13/2014,8/11/2014,7,46,6,5,5>Okay, I have quite a number of co-workers from the Indian sub-continent.  They are excellent cooks and represent various parts of India.  So, I'm a little spoiled when I go to local restaurants and the food isn't up to par.Kohinoor is that exceptional restaurant!  OMG! The bread basket alone will induce fits of breadgasm and make one wish that they were in the Tandoori oven that the breads were baked in.  My inner carb child was definitely satisfied with the breadbasket that we were served,The chicken tandoori was was unlike any that I have tasted in the tri-state area and is the best that I have tasted, EVER!  Most tandoori chicken relies upon the spices to carry it along the pathway to tandoori heaven.  The Kohinoor's tandoori chicken had various distinct flavor elements that would make a mere mortal drool!  Salty, savory, smoky!  What's not to like?  The crispy edges could induce one to search for the chicken in the daylight with a flashlight in order to find that dish!Now to the downside....  PLAN  on spending half of your time on planet Earth getting your food..  I was a part of a party of three and it took us over an hour to receive one of dishes that we ordered.  We ordered 2 appetizers and three main dishes and we actually received 2 of the main dishes before the appetizers and waited an eternity for our food.  BE PREPARED TO WAIT FOR YOUR FOOD!That being said, the food is superb and delicious!
<review# 783,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/13/2014,8/10/2014,65,125,2,5,4>It was a lovely day for a birthday celebration.  Freezing, snowing, and the roads were borderline treacherous. No bother. We spent the afternoon at Copper Kettle Brewing; and while our hops were hoppin' around, took a walk to Szmidt's for lunch.  I ordered the Doe Doe - oven roasted turkey with cranberry vinaigrette on a homemade bun.  Jonathan D. ordered some fancy thing that he refers to as a "Turkey Sandwich," but was full of bacon, cheese and a delightful sauce.  He also enjoyed a side of mac n cheese, but I didn't love it when I took a bite. A little kick would've gone a long way for this nice side dish.  However, my Doe Doe was amazing!  Pretty sure they killed the turkey out back and slow-roasted it in some Grandma's oven. At least that's how it tasted.  I can't wait to return to Szmidt's for a pierogi sandwich or a batch of sweet pierogies, complete with ice cream. YES.  Closed on Sundays, but open til 7 every other night. It's worth the trip!
<review# 784,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/17/2014,8/9/2014,51,131,3,7,4>This place gets lots of stars just for being what it is... the rarest of the rare (literally).  A raw restaurant is such an amazing thing to find, and in Pittsburgh no less!  Though Eden isn't 100% raw, a good portion of the menu is.  And, it is all vegan.  I actually ordered from the "hot" portion of the menu.  I don't eat raw as a rule, and I'm not insane.  Unfortunately, my Mom was insane and, never having before tried raw, she ordered the "pierogi" special.  Even my friend who goes back and forth between raw and strict vegan ordered from the "hot" menu.  Oops.  Well luckily, my Mom isn't reviewing Eden.Raw food is for people who eat raw.  And, considering how small the raw foodie population is, the "hot" menu is great for everyone else!  My two friends and I ordered the "Creamy Green Bean Noodles".  MMMmmmmm!  So good!  The noodles tasted just like rice vermicelli to me (but they aren't and they're healthier - score!).  The broth was SO GOOD!  We followed up with a dessert - the strawberry shortcake.  It was super tasty.Eden would get 5 stars, but they were out of a good portion of the menu (3 regular items and 2 of the 4 desserts), and my party felt really rushed at the end.  For the price we paid for veggies, and I know they are gourmet veggies but it is still pricey, I would have loved to not watch the kitchen clean up and cooks leave out the front as we were trying to enjoy our desserts.
<review# 785,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/22/2014,8/8/2014,227,758,8,14,12>Husband and I have been exploring Pittsburgh's unique neighborhoods, and last week it was time for Shadyside.  We visited on a whim one afternoon and ended up at Mercurio's for lunch.  My guy had been craving pizza, and I particularly like white pizza, so Mercurio's on popular Walnut Street fit the bill.I enjoyed the Neapolitan white ("bianca") pizza we ordered.  At $10 the price was right, though a few more slices of tomato and some more basil leaves would have been nice.  I tend to like thin crust that's more doughy than crisp, and for me there was just the right amount of crispiness and black at the edge of the crust.  Those who prefer a firmer crust would probably be disappointed to some degree, and that likely explains why my husband didn't like the pie as much as I did.A nice surprise here was the affordable wine selection.  We selected and really enjoyed a $22 bottle.Cute place with a nice atmosphere, and there's seating inside and out.  Beautiful stone pizza oven with a tiled exterior.  Service was smiling, efficient, and attentive.The area near the front door is mostly dedicated to gelato, and Mercurio's boasts quite a few flavors--at least a couple dozen, I'm sure.  After we explored Walnut Street and nearby Ellsworth Avenue we ended up back at Mercurio's so my guy could grab some gelato, which he really liked, incidentally.  I thought it was odd, however, that the gelato cups come in sizes yet customers are charged by the ounce?  This is not serve-yourself gelato, and in my opinion if sizes are offered the customer should pay by the size.  Makes me wonder if the owner/management doesn't trust employees to scoop properly.  I don't know; it just rubbed me the wrong way a little bit, sort of like bars that have measuring guns.Would return for the pizza and wine.  Panini on the menu also caught my eye.
<review# 786,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/17/2014,8/7/2014,60,584,4,3,2>I stopped by here a while ago with my fiance for dinner.  I have actually been here a couple of different times before and each time was good.  The steakhouse is tastefully decorated and feels upscale like it should.  My favorite part of it is that the casino is kept in the casino and if you didn't walk through it to get here then you would never know that it is right outside the door.  So what that means is that restaurant seems to be somewhat soundproofed and was not smoky whatsoever.  Whenever my fiance and I came we both had the fall pre-fixe menu and I had the following:Bread - Three types: jalapeno cheddar (my favorite), a rustic farmhouse type loaf and a fruit loaf all with salted butter.Steak Tartar - This came with served with a baguette.  The tartar itself was bland and the raw onion in it was not for me but at least the sauce was good.Beet salad - This salad had very sour dressing but I enjoyed it as it had goat cheese, blue cheese, white and red beets and pine nuts.8 oz Filet - The filet was good by itself, cooked nicely and  I loved the salted top.  It  came with mushrooms that were cooked nice but salty and also a few overcooked pieces of asparagus and mashed potatoes which were nothing special.Cheesecake to go - came with berries (blueberry, strawberry and raspberry) and some whipped cream and tasted decently.The bottom line for me is that I would come back here again in the future.  It was another solid meal at Andrews and both my fiance and I enjoyed it.
<review# 787,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/25/2014,8/6/2014,50,55,2,6,3>One the best Thai meals I have had hands down!! This is my first time to Nicky's and while parking is a pain, the food makes up for it. My 5 star rating is explained below on the basis of service, proportion of food, taste, quality and overall experience.We went there at 10 p.m. on a Saturday, which was almost closing time. I have found that you get very good service around closing but on the flip side, you are rushed a bit and the staff starts cleaning around you.Anyways, once seated we looked over the menu and made our selections (drinks aside). We got the Thai Roti as an appetizer, which was fried dough with curry and peanut dips, served with lettuce and carrot garnishing. One plate was well portioned for 4 people. While delicious, I was hoping to get some more curry rather than just a miserly dip-sized bowl.On to the entrees: we ordered the Red Curry with fish (extra spicy), Basil Fried Rice with chicken and shrimp (medium spicy), Gap rap Lad Kao with chicken (medium spicy) and the Siracha Noodles with chicken (medium spicy). While their medium spicy was pretty hot, I really enjoyed the Red Curry too - a real good sweat!! The fish and vegetables in the curry were not an afterthought, and the curry flavors had permeated very well into them. The Basil Fried Rice was tasty in its own way. I got the strong basil flavor and the spice level was perfect. I usually find the meat in the rice and noodles to be pretty bland, but not in this case. Very well flavored again and in the right proportion.Siracha Noodles were flat noodles with hot Siracha sauce. I did find the noodles to be a little mushy (overcooked) in places but maybe that was just me being too nit-picky. Again a great noodle dish and it was not too spicy (atleast for my taste buds).Another star entree was the Gap rap Lad Kao. It had minced chicken on top of boiled white rice, and a fried egg decorating the dish. If you mixed everything well, each bite was delectable and it definitely had some punch to it. I was afraid that the white rice would dim the spice and flavors but I was surprised with each and every bite. Truly, another awesome dish on the menu.I have to say, the portions were huge, the flavors were plentiful and the service was prompt. We probably got our meal in 15 mins (closing time means faster service), but we did not feel rushed at all. A pleasant 5 star dining experience, coupled with elaborate decor. I look forward to visiting the other location and comparing my experience at Nicky's.
<review# 788,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/23/2014,8/5/2014,46,85,3,9,4>After hearing all the good reviews about this place from friends and fellow yelpers, I had to try for myself. I came in with high expectations, and walked out with great satisfaction! This must be the BEST Indian buffet I had in Pittsburgh so far!The atmosphere is very dynamic, bright, clean and family friendly. I came here for the $12 dinner buffet. There were so many choices to choose from and each dish was cooked to perfection--fresh ingredients and quick refills. I wanted to try a little bit of everything, but my stomach surrendered too soon. I was a bit disappointed they didn't have samosa though. Overall, I highly recommend Taj Mahal to those with a passion for Indian cuisines and a huge appetite. Dinner buffets are only available Monday, Thursday and Saturday. I will definitely return here again in the near future to finish up some unfinished business (the other half of the buffet I didn't get to try).
<review# 789,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/28/2011,12/31/2011,27,88,,6,3>City Cafe has the best breakfast in Lawrenceville, even better than Coca Cafe. Everything on the menu is vegetarian, but even meat eaters will find most of the dishes to be hearty enough for their tastes.The menu is mostly limited to omelets and wraps, but honestly, everything is prepared so well that I don't mind. The cafe is more or less a one man shop and everything is made to order so his menu compliments the atmosphere of City Cafe--small time, simple and fresh.I'm always discouraged by the lack of people dining in what I consider to be one of the best breakfasts to be found in the vicinity. The owner is nice and the atmosphere is calm and quaint, perfect for a simple, quiet breakfast and conversation. I learned today, straight from the owner's mouth, that he was probably not going to renew his lease in 11 months, instead opting to move back to his regular location downtown.His reason? Not enough foot traffic and not enough business. Give it a shot, try their fresh squeezed lemonade, their hearty vegetarian soups, their delicious coffee, their milkshakes, their omelets, their wraps, their egg dishes...try ANYTHING! They're all good!
<review# 790,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/22/2011,12/30/2011,31,40,3,6,5>Chicken Latino - how do I love thee? Let me count the ways...I love your incredibly friendly service.I love your big, crispy chicken burrito, with its delightfully crunchy outer shell, and gooey cheese-and-chicken filled interior. I love your chicken salad and its abundance of french fries and cheese (how I missed french fries on salads during the past year I spent on the West Coast!). I love your rotisserie chicken and its immaculate seasoning. Okay, for real now -- this place rules. It's a no-frills kinda joint, but damn, the food is good. The gals behind the counter are super friendly and tend to call you things like "sweetheart" and "hun", the prices are nice, and, mmm, that chicken. It can't be beat! I moved back from San Fran, and of course it's overflowing with great food -- especially ethnic cuisine -- but I know in my heart that Chicken Latino could open a branch right in the Mission District and thrive. THRIVE!Bonus: They have outdoor seating so you can enjoy the warm weather while it lasts, they're dog-friendly and will bring your pup out a bowl of water, and they're now open later, so you can call ahead to order dinner and pick it up on your way home from work!
<review# 791,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/24/2011,12/29/2011,125,61,4,8,4>I've been to Salt of the Earth 3 times, most recently with my brother and his friend.  We sat in the common tables downstairs, but I've sat upstairs as well.  The large space and open-air environment are vibrant.  It's the kind of place that you'd be just as comfortable in a shirt & tie or jeans and a t-shirt.  People like to say that this the kind of place that you can find in "fancier" cities than Pittsburgh.  I've eaten in many fancy restaurants in much larger cities, and I can honest say that I have been never been any place as unique as Salt.Kevin Sousa has been serving outstanding food in Pittsburgh for years now.  His current restaurant is no different.  They unusual nature of the preparations and ingredients are highly unique, but are wonderfully harmonious in the execution of the dishes.  I recently started off with the Vodka cocktail made with local Boyd & Blair and Creme Yvette.  Yes it was girly, but it was delicious.  For appetizers, we had the cockscomb and escolar sashimi.  The cockscomb was combined with cheesy grits and collard greens that gave it a theme of Southern soul-food.  The pink escolar was beautiful in its presentation.  The slices were thick and the the flavors were outstanding.  It was a perfect appetizer to share (and not just because eating too much escolar isn't a good idea).  Sharing the appetizers is a great way to experience the vastly different variety and preparations that the kitchen produces.Our entrees were likewise outstanding.  I had the Bluenose bass, a fish and I can't say that I've ever had before.  The preparation with coconut and pomegranate was tart and flavorful.  It was unusual, but it really worked.  Chef Sousa is a master of unusual flavor combinations that challenge your imagination.  Likewise, I never would have thought bananas and duck go so well together, but they do beautifully in Salt's duck entree.  Compared to when the restaurant first opened, the dinner portions seemed noticeably larger.  The restaurant clearly acted on the early feedback from its diners.  I was perfectly sated at the conclusion of our dinner.  We didn't have dessert on this occasion, but it wouldn't have been necessary to leave full.Service was outstanding as always.  I keep hoping to see Kevin's old waiter Jim who literally is the best waiter ever (as anyone who went to any of the Alchemy dinners knows), but our sever was very friendly, knowledgeable, and all of our food arrived quickly.  The young woman sommelier who served our wine was also equally friendly and knowledgeable about the wine.I believe that any potential criticism of Salt of the Earth has to take into account the overall vision of the restaurant.  It does not offer a conventional sit-down restaurant experience (amuse-bouches, fresh baked bread, etc.).  What it does offer are incredibly unusual and high-quality ingredients at a VERY reasonable price.  Some say that the cocktails are too expensive at $10.  For the ingredients they put in them, I think they're a steal.  The "house" cocktail at Fleur de Lys is $24.  Salt of the Earth is a modern bistro for the 21st century.  It is especially appealing to the new generation of foodies & gourmands that are huge fans of shows like Top Chef (of which I count myself one).  I remember one of Kevin's blog entries, before the restaurant opened, said he didn't want to create a "destination" restaurant.  Personally, I would love to see Kevin's version of a "destination" restaurant like Moto or Alinea in Chicago.  Heck, I'd be want to be one of the first people to invest that that venture.  Amazingly, by not setting out to make Salt of the Earth a "destination" location, Kevin Sousa created a place with such outstanding food, service, and atmosphere that Salt has itself become one of the top dining destinations in our region.
<review# 792,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/5/2011,12/28/2011,34,104,3,9,4>I'M IN LOVE: I'M A BELIEVER!!!Let's start by saying that this place is awesome if you enjoy arcades. If you've never been into arcades or gaming, why are you even looking at this??!!But seriously, Games N'At is so much fun and you can't beat the price. I took advantage of the Saturday night hour unlimited play for $5. You can't beat it! They have classic games like Donkey Kong, Dig Dug, and Pacman. There are aim-games like skee-ball and basketball. Games to play with friends like foosball, air hockey, and pool. Driving games and pin ball. I hear there's even duck pin bowling, but I didn't defeat the big boss and make it upstairs to see for myself. There is also a big refreshment counter and a couch area to hang out and recap your high scores of the night with your friends. This would also be a great place to bring kids too.If you are planning a visit, be sure to check the official website. They run different specials daily, plus they have party packages for birthdays and food-game combos. Go have fun and support your locally owned arcade!!
<review# 793,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/5/2011,12/27/2011,18,98,2,2,1>Verde is an upscale Mexican/South American restaurant with a slightly edgy vibe in the Glass Lofts along the Penn Ave corridor between Garfield and Friendship/Bloomfield. The food, drinks, and service were very good, even though we visited during the soft opening. We went on a weeknight (the Tuesday before Thanksgiving), so it wasn't crowded and we didn't have any seating/service issues. Food-wise, everyone at our table was surprised by the novel options available on the menu. The food is not the traditional heavy rice and beans Mexican fare found in the Northeast. It is substantially more sophisticated in its preparation and is much lighter on the stomach. The chicken mole, for example, is not drowning in sauce or swimming in rice. It's still hearty though. Everything we ordered was good or very good. The guacamole, made freshly at the table, even impressed all the Californians in our party. The cocktails were tasty  and creative; definitely try the Tequila Old Fashioned if you enjoy the traditional version. The atmosphere in the dining area is more cheerful and social than romantic. If you like eating at a bar or having drinks and watching the game, it seems fun as well; there are a few HDTV's and an entire wall of Tequilas. Some cocktail tables separate the dining area from the bar, and there is a patio with a few chairs and tables. My impression is that it's less focused on having a legitimate bar than on having a place for people to have drinks while they wait for a table, but this might change in the summer when the garage doors can be left open. Ali the bartender is very, very good. If you want try something new, just give her a general idea of what you are looking for.I would come here with friends or a spouse to begin/or during a night out. It's a nice complement to the other options along the rapidly developing Penn corridor from East Liberty/Friendship/Bloomfield/Garfield/to Lawrenceville.
<review# 794,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/15/2011,12/26/2011,40,102,2,4,2>Yes.Yes Yes yes Yes.My experience at Legume last night is in a close running for my best Pittsburgh restaurant experience, ever...As many have mentioned, I was a bit skeptical of their move to North Oakland of all places. While N.Craig St doesn't have much draw in and of itself, it does seem like a somewhat central location, I'll give them that. I'm not sure how to describe the decor, I'm very curious what the space was pre-Legume, but it feels a lot like a dimly lit 1950's hotel foyer.At any rate, I don't care about all that. The food was comfortably spectacular. The pork pate was creamy and delectable, but nothing too unseen. My barley risotto, hangar steak, carrot purree dish was cooked to perfection as was my partner's faro, goat cheese, plate. Another friend had duck confit with an apple chutney that made for candy on the plate. The food, in all, was perfectly executed but within a certain comfort zone of a new-american palate.The service was 6 stars. We had to wait quite a bit of time for our main food service, and the manager and server more than adequately compensated for this. The server was friendly, and very knowledgeable about plates, wines, or desserts when asked.In all, if you're really digging on some perfect seasonal new-american food, check this out. Just don't expect to be hit over the head with flavor profiles you've never experienced.
<review# 795,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/6/2011,12/25/2011,69,269,5,5,3>I started hearing about this place a few months ago, and then really got intrigued when Fat Heads pulled the Lindemans off tap & switched it to Arsenal.  Last week I picked ~400lbs of pears at the family farm with the intention of making cider, but turns out I don't have much of a clue how to pull it off.  So, I stopped in with the hope that they could point me in the right direction, and they did not disappoint.Bill & Michelle are great people, and I hope their business thrives. I don't have enough cider experience to really sing their praises, but it is very good and easy to drink...but be careful, it can be as strong as wine.  Their establishment is in the bottom half of their house in Lawrenceville, so that alone speaks to their dedication to the craft; they literally live & breathe cider.  Bill was very helpful in giving me some cider-making pointers, so if you're looking to small-batch, stop by, get some advice, and be sure to take home a growler or two.   Come on Yelpers, stop by and buy some cider!
<review# 796,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,12/13/2011,12/24/2011,65,125,3,5,3>When I was a little wee-Yelper my mother owned a solid brass kaleidoscope...that I wasn't allowed to play with.  Such a tragedy.  So, imagine my excitement when, upon arrival at Kaleidoscope Café, I discovered kaleidoscopes on each table.  Alas, they too were just for decoration and completely non-functional.  Sad.   The good news is, the delicious food and welcoming service at this Lawrenceville hideaway soon turned my frown upside down.  I found the menu to be diverse and unique, and I would absolutely order everything on it.  Both my guest and myself elected to start this particular meal with the carrot ginger soup.  SO delicious and nicely complemented by a basket of warm pita with fruit-laced butter.  I would roll around in this butter, it was that good.  Following the hearty helping of soup and pita, I moved on to the Autumn Harvest salad; a bed of spring greens topped with cranberries, apples, cheese and butternut squash dressing.  It could've used a dash of spice or two and a bigger plate (I move my lettuce around A LOT) but I was still quite satisfied.  My date ordered the gnocchi in some sort of curry sauce - a DELIGHTFUL combination that I will be trying at home should I ever have to urge to actually cook something not on the Foreman.  Like many of my fellow-Yelpers, we were nearly alone in the restaurant, save for two other couples.  Go!  Eat!  Bring booze (BYOB)!  Be merry!--------------------------------------------------­---------------------------------------8/17/12Oy. I really hate to do this, but I feel the need to update and make the change from 4 stars to 3, though were 2.5 stars an option, I'd take it.  Thank you, Kaleidoscope Cafe, for participating in Pittsburgh Restaurant Week.  It gave me a chance to showcase this L'ville gem to my manfriend and one of my lady friends this past Saturday.  Unfortunately, as I remember from my last visit, the place was solely staffed by one hostess/food-runner and one server (plus the excellent chef).  The food - delicious.  Really .  Kaleidoscope has a great food-quality thing going.  The service?  Pretty bad, unfortunately.  We waited 20 minutes for drink orders; then another few before said drinks were delivered.  My soda was flat, but I'll let that go.  (Yes, I was offered another can, but I had a feeling the story would be the same...tasted old/out-of-date, so I kindly declined.)  We received our food a solid 50 minutes in; and very few water refills in between.  We also waited another long period of time for our check and actually had to request the check twice.  Yes, we were given a warm basket of pita and pistachio butter, which was lovely.  And, as I mentioned, the food is wonderful.  But honestly, I can go any number of the other local great restaurants in the area, pay less, and receive much better service.  Sorry, but the pretty kaleidoscopes on the table just aren't worth it.  Sad panda.
<review# 797,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/13/2011,12/23/2011,4,35,,2,1>Finally, a good Chinese restaurant in Pittsburgh! Even the decor and ambiance seems authentic, with the family-style tables, paper tablecloths, and slightly sticky seats. The food is top notch--we ordered from the Chinese menu (rather than the "American" menu) and were thrilled with our dishes. I had shredded pork in garlic sauce and my husband had some sort of duck with Devil's Tongue yams. Oh actually, I suppose I did order from the American menu: I got a cup of hot and sour soup and loved it. Perfect for a cold night. The waiter was terrific--he gave our 6-month-old a fortune cookie wrapped in crinkly plastic, which kept her entertained for quite awhile. By the time we left around 6:30 on a weeknight, there was a decent crowd, and all seemed to be enjoying themselves. We're looking forward to going again.
<review# 798,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/8/2011,12/22/2011,104,143,,4,3>I think it's pretty telling about Kennywood's impact and legacy that many of the reviews on this Yelp page are from people who don't live in Pittsburgh, whether they're ex-pats or just visitors.Kennywood is just an ol' Amrikan classic to me. It's not Cedar Point and really shouldn't be judged against it. Despite coming up with rides as modern and great as the Steel Phantom and the Phantom's Revenge, it manages to keep that olden feel about it; perhaps a metaphor for Pittsburgh itself, methinks.The coasters are fun. The games are impossible to win (sour spot for me). The atmosphere is great. And yes, Potato Patch Fries. I love me some rollercoasters but honestly one of the more enjoyable rides is the Swings.Ok, time to end this rambling paean. I love Kennywood. It's old, new, fun, crowded and parking is a mess but I wouldn't trade it for any other amusement park.
<review# 799,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/26/2013,9/9/2013,757,406,7,8,5>One man's trash is another man's treasure and sometimes one man's 3 star review is another girls 5 star! I wanted French toast and I wanted it bad and no frozen French toast sticks would not suffice. At 11:00am on a Wednesday this diner was poppin' to say the very least.I had French toast with powered sugar only, corn beef hash and chorizo patties. I was so pleased with myself for getting the chorizo patties they were spicy and a great kick start to the day.   My corn beef hash was barely on the table for 2 minutes before it was devoured. Call me a pig , but one thing that Pamela's in Oakland has over the Strip district local hot co-ed waitresses!!!  Great greasy food, fast service and cheerful environment.
<review# 800,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/21/2013,9/8/2013,27,73,,4,4>Eating Ice Cream to help a noble cause. Pretty Awesome! right? Well, it gets better - the prices are very reasonable and the staffs are super friendly and professionalA portion of the money for each flavor goes to a specific cause. If you're interested in knowing the cause - Thomas (the owner) will be more than happy to give you a run down of that specific or other many course the store supports. And don't worry - the same flavor doesn't always go to the same cause - they rotate every now and then but you can always ask before trying.So, go help out a cause and spoil yourself with one of the many flavors of Ice Cream.
<review# 801,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/2/2013,9/7/2013,37,201,3,7,3>This is one of those interesting restaurants that has reviews all over the place. Interestingly, I agree with most of the comments from all of the reviewers!First, the good - we have had some great meals here. Many of the dishes we have tried are really quite good, and representative of authentic Portuguese cuisine. We appreciated the hospitality the wait staff demonstrated, and everyone treated us and our daughter very well. Try the octopus with gorgonzola - not cheap, but WELL worth the price! Anything with cod or seafood is delicious. I am told their steaks are quite good as well, but we have enjoyed the seafood items so much that we haven't ever ordered it!Of course, there are also some areas for improvement. The comment one reviewer had about the size of their menu and the number of specials offered is as true as can be. It would be really nice if they would rotate dishes in and out of the menu, to offer some variety and reduce confusion. Personally, I like seeing 5-8 appetizers, 6-8 main courses, and 3-4 desserts on a typical menu. It would likely be best to have 3-4 specials in addition to the menu for variety.Read a little about Portuguese cuisine, and then order accordingly - they are definitely adept at this niche area of cuisine!More to come as we continue to explore their offerings...
<review# 802,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/13/2013,9/6/2013,9,36,2,3,3>Pricy, but well worth it. They have an extensive wine selection, fantastic service, and wonderful food. We started with a scallop appetizer (cooked to perfection) and another which I don't recall because I didn't eat it (mum enjoyed it though). I ordered sea bass with polenta and greens, which was heavenly. Mum ordered some sort of beef dish (also great, according to her), and my S.O. ordered a chicken dish (nothing to rave over). We ordered two desserts, one was the tangerine pudding cake (possibly the greatest dessert I have ever had, it was so lightly yet perfectly flavored, and the texture was something else), the other was apple pie with hickory nut ice cream (five stars as well). I would go again just for the desserts. My only complaint is how dark the place was, I like to be able to see the menu and my tablemates.
<review# 803,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/11/2013,9/5/2013,138,226,1,9,4>Giant cupcakes in a variety of delicious flavors. Moist and delicious cake with fluffy frosting that's not too sweet. The peanut butter chocolate is my favorite. I could eat that smooth peanut butter frosting with a spoon. They also have biscotti and on Sundays, donuts and cinnamon rolls. If you check out their website or Facebook page you'll see some of the beautiful custom cakes they can do. The friendly couple that runs the place are usually there working and are always happy to answer questions.
<review# 804,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/2/2013,9/4/2013,580,275,,7,7>The New York Hot Dog Shop is a step back into the past.  Ancient decor, counter seating, and a menu posted to the wall.  The menu is simple, but everything is delicious.  The waitresses are friendly and efficient, and you cannot beat the prices.Hotdog w/ Chili ($1.50):  it's a standard hot dog, but WOW! is the chilli here good.  It's clearly made with love and care.  And depending on who makes it, it can be mild or crazy hot.  But it's always good!Cheeseburger ($2.00):  I don't know why, but these cheeseburgers are always tasty.  It's simple but good.  They do charge extra for tomato and lettuce.Cheesesteak ($3.50):  Amazing and the best deal on the menu.  Cooked perfectly, big, and filling.Vanilla Milkshake:  It's a great shake, and they serve it to you in the silver tin!  So it's enough for two milkshakes really.Additionally, the people that work here and run this place are awesome.  They know everyone by name, get to know you if they don't already, and work really hard.  Make the effort and check this shop out!
<review# 805,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/14/2013,9/3/2013,65,125,4,4,4>Wholey's makes me happy. The store, that is.  Surround me in fresh seafood and I'm like a fish IN water. So, when Luke opened up his own place, I couldn't wait to try it someday! Today was that day. Mumsie picked me up from work for a mid-week treat at Luke's and we were not disappointed. I enjoyed the lunch entrée version of [Blackened] Shrimp & Scallops on a house salad (option for jasmine rice and vegetables and sweet soy instead of blackened), while she had the Seared Ahi Tuna, also on a house salad. The salads themselves were delicious, if a bit small, and the Blackened flavor was strong, but savory.  We opted to sit in the "window" of the garage door opening - a poor choice for an August day that ended up topping out at 65  instead of the usually 80+!  But we still had a delightful time and I'll be returning again soon.  Bring on the Bass!
<review# 806,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/15/2013,9/2/2013,93,75,,3,3>For my Twenty-Ten Birthday celebration I was in search of a place that combined my favorite things... Beer, Tasty Food, and Music.  What I found was James Street Gastropub & Speakeasy, or as I call it "My Favorite Pittsburgh Discovery."I've been to James St. many times, but haven't written a review because I have never been able to express how much I love this place.  From the old jazz albums used as menu covers to the HUGE beer selection... This is my happy place.  On my first visit I selected the Meatloaf, smashed redskins, warm corn fritter, sweet creamed corn sauce.  I never tasted a meatloaf so good.  Incredibly filling but SO good.  Better than Mom's.Since then I've tried the Singin the Bleu's Burger, Twisted Chicken, Oyster Po Boy, and several other items.  I've never left dissatisfied or hungry.  Also they have an excellent cocktails list!  For my party, a friend bought the PB&J Martini for me.  I didn't know what to expect but it was surprisingly tasty!If you're a live music fan, check out the Speakeasy.  It has live bands all the time to go with your food and drink.  I love just sipping my beer and listening to local jazz.  James Street combines everything I love and I look forward to going back every chance I get.
<review# 807,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/20/2013,9/1/2013,101,91,2,8,3>Boyfriend and I were around the corner at Dirty Harry's one Tuesday afternoon when we began to feel a bit peckish.  The staff at DH quickly directed us to Pittsburgh Thai. We walked in and were quickly seated by a friendly server.  The place is small.  It only has around ten tables, but the atmosphere is very pleasant.  Fresh flowers can be found on each tabletop. After perusing the menu for a bit, I chose the panang curry and boyfriend opted for the fish basil entree.  Shortly after we placed our orders, we were given bowls of simple chicken soup and a single crab rangoon.  Both were very tasty. Our lunches arrived shortly thereafter. The (chicken) panang was delicious and cooked with fresh broccoli, bell peppers, and other vegetables.  Boyfriend's fish was crispy and flavorful and served in a delicious spicy basil sauce. We found out that for dinner hours, this restaurant is BYOB with no corking fee. Fantastic. Albeit small, Pittsburgh Thai has a lot of flavorful food for decent prices.  We will return.
<review# 808,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/23/2013,8/31/2013,5,12,,2,2>Holy SHIT! I like a good burger, but  this was a different level. Everyone in a while 5 Guys or In 'n' Out will do, but this is in a league of its own. Just like in college when you drank what was cheap but when you graduate and make real money you drink what is quality. This is you quality burger.5 senses review:Sight: 5- Nothing extraordinary. But you aren't going for the sights anyway.Sound: 5- It is an open space with a bunch of people, but it isn't awfully loud.Smell: 7- Lots of great smells. Touch: 3- This depends (clearly) on what you order and how your burger comes. Taste: 9- QUALITY! Meat, sauces, shakes!If it wasn't for the great meal this rating would be lower. Only because of the damn popularity of this place. The wait would have been one hour to an hour and a half. When you have a 3 year old, that kind of wait is toooooo long. However, my wife and son went home to relax and my friend and I stayed, so we went to the bar and bypassed the wait. I think the greatest thing here at Burgatory is the diversity. If it is your first time, please get a burger! Even then, the choices are plentiful. If you are someone trying to maintain a "healthy" style of eating, you can do that. If you want to go way off the deep end of Guinness proportion calorie intake, you can do that. Choose a burger or create your own. I wanted an in-between experience. So I went with the topless (no top bun) grass fed Elk burger (with one of the rubs, spicy ketchup and cheese) and a Fluffer Nutter shake. The meat was amazing. Super lean, cooked perfectly and did not make me feel like I was going to fall over after eating. The shake, however did put me over the top. But it was blissful. Service was quick!!! The best tip is to make a reservation or sit at the bar. For as great as the food is, nothing is worth 1-1.5 hours of waiting.
<review# 809,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/5/2013,7/20/2013,84,195,2,8,8>Fourth of July and I didn't feel like going to another barbeque. Don't get me wrong, I'm all for dogs, burgs, and the all american cook out food but I was looking for something different this year.  I was scouring yelp for some inspiration and an open restaurant and finally stumbled upon this jewel. It was a bit far but hey, it was a sacrifice I was willing to make. I took my friends here who also shared my love of Indian food and they were impressed too.  Their dinner buffet was insane, probably one of the best I had ever had.  Compared to other Indian buffet's this one offered more sweets than the usual Indian buffet. The dishes were also unique as well as familiar. They served the palak paneer and chana masala as usual restaurants do but they also served yellow banana pepper curry and a curry with fried vegetable balls which still makes my mouth drool. I would have to say that this is my favorite buffet in the pittsburgh area.
<review# 810,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/22/2013,7/19/2013,115,45,5,4,1>I tried Olympos Gyros out for lunch today.  It's lent, and in Pittsburgh that means long lines for fish sandwiches, so I figured it'd be quick, and since I'm almost certainly going to burn in hell anyway...why not eat meat?  It was quick, so at the very least I'm half right.I ordered the "Zeus" off the "specialty" menu and got my gyro in about 5 minutes.  It was slightly too big to carry in the little brown paper bag they give you so I had to cradle it like a newborn on the way to the car.  After I unwrapped it back in my office I thought maybe they'd forgotten the pita...because I couldn't see it.  The Zeus is Chris Farley's proverbial "Fat Guy in a Little Coat"...it was messy and there was so much stuff inside the pita that the pita itself couldn't be found.  Once I did find it, I spent probably three minutes trying to figure out the best way to hold it without it turning into a complete nightmare.  (There is no best way).  Tasted great.  I loved it.But okay, seriously...Greeks, it's okay to make a pita slightly larger so that you can accommodate more stuff.  Pitas do NOT have to be one size fits all.  Or wait...do they?  Is that one of those weird ethnic rules that a REAL pita will only measure 1/2 cubit in diameter or something?  I don't think that's a thing.  Is that a thing?Anyway...super good, fast, cheap, consider a fork, or barter for a bigger pita.
<review# 811,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/19/2013,7/18/2013,44,101,9,8,5>So the other day, there was an office discussion looking for bakeries where we could get a celebrational cake for a gathering the following week. All of the usual low-level, mid-level and high-level bakeries, from Prantl's to Oakmont Bakery came up, and in the discussion, someone mentioned  a new place downtown that had just opened that no one had heard of or tried. The decision came down to Oakmont, since the need was specific.An hour later, I had to make a walk to a print shop nearby, and as I walked - there it was - the new shop that had been mentioned - Sinful sweets. So after my print job was placed I went back to check it out on the way back to the office.Once inside, the place looked pretty much like any average candy store, very white, with some shelves with jars of bon bons, and a long counter display case filled with chocolates and goodies.There were candies and truffles and turtles and barks, chocolates from white, to milky and darks. Goodies with nuts, goodies with sticks, goodies with toffees, worth plenty of licks.Don't ask me where that came from. I think I just had a sugar-induced Dr. Seuss moment.Anyway, I was trying to find something to take back to the office as examples of their wares, and they didn't really have any kind of 'baked' goods, mostly being a candy oriented shop. But they did have this little collection of things with lollipop sticks on a sheet tray, in all different shades and decor. When I asked what they were, the gal behind the counter told me 'cake pops'. Little balls of cake on a stick, dipped in a frosting appropriate for the type of cake, with other added goodies to top them off. Hmmmmm...different.So I gathered up two of each. Smores, graham cracker cake with chocolate and marshmallow, rolled in cocoa and graham cracker crumbs. Chocolate, chocolate cake with chocolate frosting and chocolate jimmies. Carrot cake, dipped in a cream cheese-ish frosting with walnuts sprinkled on. Peanut butter chocolate, chocolate cake dipped in chocolate frosting, with peanut butter swirls drizzled on. And finally, mocha toffee, chocolate coffee cake with a chocolate frosting, and chunks of toffee sprinkled on.The gal told me that the toffee was made from an old family recipe, so I had to add a chunk of it to my pile. As she she bagged up the cake pops, she started to wrap the chunk of toffee bark and I said 'Uh-huh...just give that chunk of toffee right to me'.A big burly man with Marvel comics up and down his arms stopped to say hello, and I'm guessing he was one of the owners. Time to ring me up - and I'm surprised I had the ability to sign the credit card Ipad with my finger. My mouth was full of absolutely sinful chocolate and home made rich toffee. Yay beau, it was GOOD.It's a little on the pricey side at $20 something per pound (it seemed like for everything) and ten cake pops and a chunk of toffee came to around $25. I paid and left, heading back to the office with treats that I'd not tasted to pass around as samples to my lovely co-workers. Teeth and tongue assaulting the chunk of toffee, which only made it as far as the alley. It was swallowed and gone before I reached the elevator.I took my little bag of delights into the kitchen and put them on a plate, and started my walk around the office. This was a test. How would an office of discerning women like the treats?The bottom line was: "Oh my GOD, these are SO GOOD!" "Absolutely delicious!" and, of course "SINFUL!"Now, at these prices, this isn't the 'Need a bag of JuJu bees to curb the afternoon sugar craving.'  That's why they created Rite-Aid.  But if you're looking for something really nice, unique and tasty for a special gift, or a nice touch to an event of sorts, and you have a budget, as well as a specific clientele that you need to please (in our case 'donors'), then Sinful Sweets can definitely fulfill that need.The cake in the pops was moist and flavorful. I tried one of the Carrot Cake, and it almost seemed like there might have been some kind of liquor in there. But it was pretty darned tasty. One co-worker, in the process of quitting smoking, sucked on her stick for a half hour.They also have a roster of uniqueries, like chocolate covered potato chips, the standard chocolate covered strawberries, and - voila - chocolate covered BACON! Seriously? Chocolate covered bacon? Sinful!
<review# 812,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/17/2013,7/17/2013,100,282,,8,4>This is the only Bikram yoga studio that I have ever been to, so I'm not sure how much of my opinions are a reflection of this particular studio or of this particular style of yoga.In general, I love yoga!  I normally prefer a more vinyasa, power yoga style of practice, but I'm newer to Pittsburgh, so I've been trying out different studios.Positives of this studio:*Great location and lots of parking!*Locker room is clean and spacious*You can tell that the instructors all love yoga and their job!  They're very encouraging and always so engaged.  I really appreciate that they make an effort to know everyone's name, even if the class is packed!*Plenty of class times*There are some peak class times, but for the most part the classes are not too full.  *Again, the instructors are great.  They provide a lot of feedback and adjustments.*I looove heated yoga!  But you have to do it right.  Just turning up the heater isn't enough.  There has to be a good balance of heat and humidity.  So even though it's 100+ degrees at this Bikram yoga studio, the temperature feels really soothing and invigorating at the same time!Things I could do without:  All the rules!  It might just be part of the Bikram style of yoga.  Given that Bikram is essentially the same postures every time, I'm not too surprised that there seems to be "a way" to how things are done.  But, I'm more used to a "if it's in your practice...everyone's practice is different" type of yoga mentality.   *You have to have a towel, which I understand that they require, due to all the sweatiness.  But, we're not really moving fast, so I personally would not be worried about slipping.  Plus, I feel like I can't get any traction with the towel and I'm always slipping on the towel vs the traction I get with my mat.  *You're asked not to drink water until the standing portion is over.  Again, I know they have their reasons.  It's distracting to other yogis.  But again, I'm more used to a "if it's in your practice...everyone's practice is different" type of yoga mentality.  *Everyone is dressed in bathing suits.  I mean, yes it is sweaty in there, but I'm perfectly fine in my dry fit attire and "normal" yoga leggings.  I felt a little bit judged the first time I entered the studio.  It was like "mmmhmm, she's new.  she's not practically naked."  And the last thing is that the classes are all 1.5hr long, which is kind of big chunk of time if you've got a packed schedule already.So I hate to end on negative notes because, I do enjoy going to this studio.  I feel really invigorated after each class and would definitely recommend this studio because the instructors are great!
<review# 813,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/7/2013,7/16/2013,39,148,2,3,4>Came here today for brunch with my sister who was visiting from out of town and my hubby. We had about a 15 minute wait for a table and once we were seated it took another few minutes for our waitress to come over for our drink order.  During the wait we were able to decide on our food and gave our whole order at once.  Our drinks were brought out promptly and remained filled throughout the meal.  We ordered the breakfast magic waffle, the souther' waffle, and the peachy keen waffle as well as an order of the sweet potato waffle fries with a side of the marshmallow fluff jerk seasoning dipping sauce. The waffles and fries took a while to come out, but each plate that came out of the kitchen looked delicious.  When the waffles came out my egg on the souther' waffle was under cooked and the order had to be remade, but was handled quickly. The waffle fries were perfectly crisp and not greasy at all.  The dipping sauce was a perfect sweet counterpart to the fries. The breakfast magic waffle was chockfull of delicious bacon!  I loved it.  The peachy keen was delicious, but was even better when their homemade vanilla syrup was added to it!  Once the souther' waffle returned it was delicious! My husband even preffered it to his breakfast magic!  I will definietly return and can't wait to try the rest of the waffles!
<review# 814,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/31/2013,7/15/2013,183,180,3,6,6>Frankly, I've been a fervid fan of Franktuary franks for like forever! For real. The downtown location is one of my fave lunch spots to grab and go on a busy lunch hour. Even better is sitting comfortably with a cocktail or a beer late in the evening relaxing with friends. No, not downtown, but at the NEW location in Lawrenceville. Same great hot dogs - regular Boar's Head, locavore, fish frank for Lent, a veggie dog and some other quite nice dog selections - as the original downtown site. Besides that, check out the outstanding garbanzo fries, poutine, salads and even desserts! Yes, the menu is bigger and better than downtown. Bigger space + bigger kitchen = bigger selection. And the menu is gluten-free friendly! BIG kudos! (Just a note here. Another reviewer slammed the gluten-free bun at Franktuary. He stated, "Unsure of which type of bun to choose, and being that I'm unmoved by whole wheat bread, I went for a gluten-free roll and found it to be as arid as those pitiful meatballs, crumbling in my hands, so much so that I ate the meat with plastic utensils and tossed the bread in the trash." HEADS UP! A gluten-free bun is crumbly because IT HAS NO GLUTEN! Gluten is what gives normal bread structure and substance. Don't slam Franktuary for a gluten-free bun that does what it naturally does. Thank you, Franktuary, for having GF buns and ignore the remarks of the gluten-free unenlightened.)Then there's the bar. A hot dog joint with a BAR?! Yes. Not just any bar either. The cocktails are the creation of the lovely and talented Marie Periello of The Stir Society. If you're a fan of a dirty martini, you just may enjoy a little twist with a Holy Cow using Boyd & Blair vodka, pickle juice, beef boullion, caper berries (mmmmm...) and pepper...nicely spicy! Enjoy a refreshing sangria? The Church Wine Punch kicks it up a notch with a touch of Scotch to the mix. Delightful.Don't think because the Lville spot is open that Franktuary has abandoned downtown. Nope. Lunch time will still find me stopping for a quick dog bite often at the original location. Further. For a frank on the fly, find the Franktuary Truck. You'd be fortunate!
<review# 815,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/28/2013,7/14/2013,65,218,3,5,3>Espresso a Mano is one of my favorite coffee shops in Pittsburgh. They are a haven, an institution, and just a damn good place to get some caffeine and get some work done. The interior is beautiful with exposed brick and a glass garage door to let in light. The baristas are charming and always friendly to each guest even though you might only get to talk to them for less than 5 minutes during your coffee purchase. They also go out of their way to remember you if you become a frequent flyer.I had always been a big coffee fan, but since moving to Pittsburgh I think it's fair to say I have become a snob about a perfect cappuccino with just the right amount of foam or a pour over coffee ground and poured at the right temperature. (no venti starbucks crap for me please)  EaM has helped lead the way of my coffee snobbery. Their cappuccinos are damn near perfect every time with a design of a tree, a heart, an alien, you name it, that happens here. Their regular coffee is delicious too! Not the biggest pourover place in town - see Voluto or 21st coffee- they do offer a pour over that are quite good. They also have local pastries and some eats available. I splurged on a chocolate croissant one day and was completely happy with my decision!I can be found here several times a week, doing some work from home work, or just hanging out enjoying the vibe. I think some people get put off by lack of table space, but I have never had an issue asking to share a table- seriously just ask, people are awesome, ya know? I think anyone with a modicum of common sense and a taste for delicious coffee would love this place for all the awesome they're dishing up.
<review# 816,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/31/2013,7/13/2013,45,104,3,4,3>This is my favorite place in the area, and I would eat here everyday if I could. Their vegan options are extensive and amazingly delicious. The won-ton soup is vegan friendly too, at least that's what the server told me. Portion sizes are generous, the soy protein is to die for and the price is right. This place is a little piece of heaven for vegetarians and vegans, but omnis won't know the difference.I've visited this location a handful of times, and each experience has been nothing but pleasant. I have tried the fried mushrooms, the sesame soy protein, the orange soy protein, the sweet & sour soy protein, the wheat gluten veggie mix, the general tso soy protein and the hot and sour soup. My favorite is the sesame soy protein, but I plan to try all of the soy protein dishes at some point. The wheat gluten is tasty, but it's not the best I've ever had. I prefer the meaty and solid texture of the soy protein over tofu and wheat gluten. The spicy dishes are never spicy. You can always ask for extra chile paste like I do though. It's weird that they aren't spicy enough, but that could be because this area isn't as likely to have a preference for the spicy foods. My last visit here on April 1st was definitely the most memorable. The sweetest young male was our server. He forgot sesame on our sesame soy protein, and he apologized profusely and fixed it. He kept bringing us refills, especially on my diet coke. Restaurants can be a little stingy with soda refills, but he was generous. He also gave us free rice refills, and since we all love rice, we were immensely grateful. I can't say enough good things about this kid, but I hope the tip we left him conveyed our gratitude.China Palace is a win for sure!
<review# 817,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/23/2013,7/12/2013,61,103,,11,5>My husband and I have always been complaining that there are no good places to walk/ride a bike, or even drive to near our house in Crafton.  Especially coffee shops.  We pride ourselves on finding the best espresso, and are always comparing different places in the city.  We found out about a coffee shop that opened in Carnegie and had to give it a chance, even though we were in the frame of mind, that it wouldn't be that great.  I mean, it is carnegie, and we have been holding out hope for great businesses to open there, we have been let down thus far.  When we arrived at the old Post Office (there location) we were blow away by the amount of wrok they put into the place.  It was gorgeous, spacious, and clean.  Very modern and bright looking, with an upstairs that begs for a wine bar, or event space.  O.K we thought, let's see what the beans are about.  They boast Illy brand, and their espresso was right where it needed to be to keep us coming back for more.  We are already planning our next Saturday's weekly bike ride.  We finally got what we wanted, a perfect spot to bring in the locals.  I truly hope everyone supports this place, and we can continue to build Main Street up to what it should be (a mini Lawrenceville would be nice)  It looks like it is on it's way!   Great job Carnegie Coffee.  Keep it up, and we will see you soon!
<review# 818,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/2/2013,7/11/2013,73,81,23,16,12>Pittsburgh is rife with pierogies.  If you walk outside for any reasonable length of time, somebody will throw a pierogie right in your mouth, and charge you a quarter.  That's just part of living here.We had family in from out of town, and they had never had pierogies, so I did the laziest internet search in the world, and found that Szmidt's not only had pierogies, but was the closest location on google maps!  Much like the other places along Greenfield Ave, I've been driving past Szmidt's for at least two years, never even considering whether it was a place I would ever be inside.  But fortune conspired, and I found myself there on this glorious day.It's a tiny place with very little seating, but once I smelled whatever delicious mystery meat they were cooking, I lost all sense of space and time.  We ordered some sandwiches, and some old world pierogies, but...what's that other stuff?  New world pierogies?  Are you mad?  Who would ever want one of those...I'll take 6.  You will probably have a similar thought process.The sandwiches are huge, and messy, and quite possibly the best I've ever had in the city.  Each sandwich is special, because the final step in its creation is that a unicorn with a sparkling tail gives each sandwich a gentle kiss as it leaves the kitchen, thereby rendering said sandwich magical.Or at least that's what I imagined as I ate my sandwich so hard that I only paused to gasp for air.Oh, right, and we got pierogies.  Some traditional potato and cheese, and some buffalo chicken ones as well.  If anybody wants to challenge me to a pierogie eating contest, let's do it here, because Unicorn Kissed Pierogies (tm) are amazing.So everybody who loves sandwiches, pierogies and magic should come to this place and just go to town.  I honestly don't even know if this place is real, so I didn't check the hours.
<review# 819,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/20/2013,5/10/2013,115,45,6,8,5>I want to give this place five stars.  I want to, but I can't.  "as good as it gets" is a super hard description to live up to.  Also, I have a really hard time giving out five stars.  So maybe it's five star and I just have some weird brain thing that prevents me from giving out that last star, but here were my issues with it:It's not for everyone.  Why?  Well, for starters, the menu is pretty limited.  If you're a huge seafood fan, for example, or LOVE steak...but neither is featured prominently (or at all) on the menu...you're sort of forced to leave your comfort zone to order.  Now that is right in MY wheelhouse...I love trying stuff I've never had before, or never heard of before...but it's not in EVERYONE's wheelhouse.  My wife, for example, had a tough time finding anything that didn't...scare her.  So she ended up getting chicken.  And not that the chicken was BAD.  (it wasn't)...but it's nothing she'd order at any other restaurant.  When we left I asked her, "Would you come back?" and she answered "That's a hard question to answer."  Which means, that it's really NOT that hard a question to answer, because other places she'd have just said, "YES!"  But she explained as follows:It's difficult to compare Legume to other restaurants she loves because she didn't get something she loves from Legume in order to be able to compare it to something she loved from another restaurant.  Because the menu is limited, you're you may find yourself having to default to something you really wouldn't prefer, only because it seems like a better option than things you may have never tried.Okay...with that out of the way, a couple minor issues:The waiter wasn't super.  He wasn't bad.  But he wasn't super.  That alone wouldn't have dropped this review to four from five stars, but see above.The bar was slow.  This is sort of a good problem for Legume, but sort of a crappy one for customers...the bar was PACKED, when we got there.  PACKED.  So I get why the bar was slow...but it was just something that detracted from the five-ness of the star rating.The coffee was so-so.  We did the french press, and it was fine, but not great.  I love a good coffee with dessert.Things I loved:I had stinging nettle soup.  Stinging.  Nettle.  I ate weed soup for dinner.  That is COOL.  And it was good.Sommelier.  Any nice restaurant should have someone that can steer you toward a good wine that compliments your food nicely.  Legume has one.  Seriously...stinging nettle soup.  I had the goat loin/shank/sausage with harissa and japanese knotweed.  Do you see a trend here?  They cook WEEDS and make them taste good.  That's AWESOME!!!The goat was good.  Not great...but definitely good.  When I had bites with the knotweed and rice, the sauce, goat, and knotweed balanced out really nicely...but bites that were heavy with knotweed were bitter and because of the way it was prepared it was hard to get consistent bites throughout.  Still...really good.  Happy with my goat, I just wonder if knotweed was the best choice for the dish.  Was it awesome BECAUSE it was knotweed?  Yes.  But could it have tasted better if it had been something less imaginative, but more palatable?  Maybe.Pretty restaurant inside.  I liked the inventiveness of the food.  I liked the ambiance.  I liked the philosophy overall.  I'd like to have given it five stars, but I feel like it suffers from limited menu, less than five star wait staff, okay coffee, and maybe (ironically) TOO imaginative dishes.
<review# 820,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/16/2013,5/9/2013,181,458,3,6,5>Incredible experience up here, I would have to say that this goes down as one of my most memorable dining experiences in Pittsburgh for a number of reasons. I personally love this style of Italian cooking. Sicilian, so folks who are not familiar should take look at their menu online before coming because it might catch you off guard, it isn't what the "normal" Italian restaurant offers. I had a great experience dodging potholes on my way through the Allentown neighborhood of Pittsburgh which it makes it much more awarding arriving with my wheels of my vehicle still in alignment. They have valet parking which is great because it takes the stress out of trying to find parking.Upon entering I almost fainted at the smells and views of this place. Right when I walked in I saw an array of freshly prepared vegetables that were on a table in the kitchen area. It was beautiful and really made realize right then what kind of place this was. The service we had was second to none. Right from entering we were promptly seated and received an explanation of everything that was on the table for our enjoyment. The "Holy Oil" was ridiculous and almost addicting I couldn't stop drowning the fresh bread in that stuff that I think I ruined my appetite.  Folks when you come here don't eat lunch because the food dishes are huge. We ordered an appetizer of Mussels Diavolo which had a huge amount of decent mussels in a spicier tomato sauce. The sauce was really spicy and flavorful that I couldn't waste it so I asked for more bread and took care of that. I think I should have come here with more people because already it was too much and too good just for two people. Then be prepared after your salad there is a pasta course, which I probably could have done without because I was approaching topped off. The pasta was in a vodka sauce that I could have been happy with for my main dinner.I then ordered the Filet Mignon, which was hands down the best piece of meat I have ever had in my life to date. They cooked it to my request of medium spot on,and the chunk of filet was so large that I can't figure out how they cooked it so perfectly. Than it was covered in a red wine sauce with mushrooms that was savory to say the least. We both had to take most of our entrees home with us which was unfortunate because they were so awesome. Matter of fact I'm eating the side of bacon mashed potatoes this morning as I write this review.I did think that it might be hard to come here if you don't eat meat because the menu on this Friday night was meat-tastic. They probably could make a pasta dish without might to suit ones requests but I don't know for sure. Also I did think that the menu online was a little misleading as I thought that there would have been more pasta options on the particular night I was there. There was only one option when I was there and it had a sauce that contained two meats sausage and pork.I wish my bank account could handle more of this place, I will be back once I roll my wallet out of the ER. If anybody has any suggestions on how I can do this place more often please let me know!
<review# 821,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/28/2013,5/7/2013,65,218,2,2,4>Breakfast is by far my favorite meal of the day. Some days I like it so much that I eat it twice (not at the same time, well mostly). So please understand that my rating is serious! as a serious breakfast connoisseur. Deluca's gets hype because it's awesome. It's not fancy. but it is some serious down to earth good breakfast foods. no pomp, no circumstance. just food. and a good amount of it also. I can often be found here eating eggs benedict, with reckless abandon, a big grin on my face, and a side of bacon well done. Favorite foods:Greek Eggs benedict! steak tomato and feta? INSANE.Seafood benedict! equally insaneAny of their pancakes (I don't even like pancakes, but I like theirs)There is some times a wait, but they really do their best to keep it moving, and the staff are all super nice and speedy at getting you your future food coma. I'm not a fan of their coffee (read my reviews about my coffee snobbery elsewhere) but it will get the job done, eyes bright and alert! - their proximity to 21st street coffee as well as all of the other wonderful places in the strip makes a visit here a great start to all days that end in Y. They are cash only but there is a PNC ATM 2-3 doors down. I'm a repeat customer, a fan, and I'm sure you will be too.
<review# 822,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/24/2013,5/6/2013,50,62,4,6,3>Hambone's. When I walk into this place I half expect to hear "NORM!" shouted. Even though I'm not a regular. Or named Norm. it has that vibe. Everyone knows everyone, and the people are friendly. Behind the bar you will find Jeff Holt, who bought into the bar a year ago or so, and things have really turned around. He brought the old Papa J's Thursday Night comedy open mic with him, and a personality that embraces the old and the new. Lawrenceville is overrun with hipsters, music "clubs", pricier eating venues, and trendy places like the new Franktuary. All that is great, and makes it a lively place to be, but Hambone's is the old corner bar. This is where the old steel workers still drink at 3pm, and you can hear the stories of old. Also, they have a great happy hour, and if you live in the East End you should definitely stop in on your way home from downtown. The lunch and dinner are sort of a mix between a diner and a pub, but the food is fantastic, with daily specials and many many options. Hambone's is quite possibly my favorite Lawrenceville bar.
<review# 823,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/6/2013,5/5/2013,45,104,2,5,3>Double Wide Grill is a surprising place to find vegan options, but I was more than happy with my findings. I went in and tried the lentil burger and fries as well as an order of seitan buffalo wings. My two friends ordered what I believe were vegetarian dishes - a portobello burger and some type of hearty chili. For a place that sells bar-like junk food, my lentil burger was certainly healthy. It tasted healthy. I wouldn't order it again because it was too healthy for a restaurant meal, and when I eat out, I like to indulge a little. Either way, I recognize its value as a good menu option and it is definitely a great choice for someone who wants to eat healthier when they eat out. The seitan wings were interesting. The restaurant obviously doesn't specialize in vegan food, but they had a unique texture and flavor I have never experienced with seitan before. That's a GOOD thing. The chili my friend had was also amazing. It was filling, nutritious and flavorful. Prices are great for the portion sizes, and our server was incredible. She was very helpful in helping us choose items, and she brought refills promptly. I look forward to returning to Double Wide Grill and trying some of the other vegan items on the menu. It's a fun atmosphere even though we went while it was quiet. I would love to go here again during the night and have drinks.
<review# 824,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/3/2012,5/4/2013,15,29,4,6,8>Went to Taj Mahal for the buffet on a Saturday night and left wishing I could triple the size of my stomach.  The buffet was filled with a wide variety of dishes, such as goat curry, chicken tikka masala, chicken korma, lamb vindaloo, palak paneer, channa masala... and tons of other delicious options.  While I am 100% carnivore, there were definitely plenty of vegetarian options available for those who don't eat things with faces and I didn't even miss the meat while eating them.  The service was excellent and they kept the buffet well-stocked but everything was hot and tasted fresh.  There was a decent amount of spice to the dishes but nothing to sweat over, so if you like your Indian food super spicy you may be better off ordering from the menu.  For anyone new to Indian food, they also give descriptions of what most of the dishes include along with the name.I have not been to Taj Mahal for regular entrees, and if they are anything like the buffet then they are certainly worth a trip, but I would go back for the buffet any day.  It is unfortunate that they don't have it every day (they do for lunch, but dinner is only on Monday, Thursday, and Saturday) or I just might!
<review# 825,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/12/2012,5/3/2013,59,85,3,3,4>The food here is freaking fantastic. Is it trad Mexican? Not especially -- but the additions and adjustments are truly fine. It gets crowded (and good for them!) so call ahead if you want to go for dinner.I love the food, but the true showstopper is their tequila selection. If I remember, there are close to 200 kinds available, on a five-tiered, wall-high shelf. Yes, please! The bar staff are really knowledgeable, and rather than a print menu, they'll offer you an iPad to investigate the spirits selection. You can also join a tequila club, where you can track all the kinds you've tried. Let me put it this way: for this dude, 2013 will be an anejo-soaked year. Grab some chips and their lip-smacking green tomatillo salsa, and try a flight or two. You won't be steered wrong.Also, be sure to try the beet margarita -- it's your standard margarita, gussied up with scrumptious beet-infused simply syrup. I'll bet you won't find it anywhere else.
<review# 826,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/6/2013,5/2/2013,183,180,5,8,6>There's nothing better than when the reality of a brand new spot not only lives up to it's pre-opening hype, but surpasses it. So it was with Tender.Part of the "Tender" name comes from the establishment's emphasis on BAR. Six high profile, named bartenders have created spot-on cocktails that not only shine, they exceed all expectations. Each bartender (startender?) has created his or her own spin on classic cocktails or else has upped the ante by coming up with entirely new creations. What's in store for you in the cocktail department upon your first visit?Do NOT miss the Nathan Luchansky-created Once Upon A Honeymoon with ginger-infused apple brandy and blood orange marmalade. Despite what you may think, it is not too sweet at all. It is just right.Sean Rosenkrans created a delightful pastis-kissed, non-blue curacao creation called  Death in the Allegheny. Served over crushed ice, one of our group declared it tasted like a "Good n Plenty snowcone." Yaya's Snowcones on the Northside never served a flavor that GOOD!Craig Mrusek (Dr. Bamboo), who specializes in Tiki drinks, came up with a cocktail named Nilsson. There was some discussion around the bar about it being inspired by Harry Nilsson of the "Put the Lime in the Coconut" fame. This was another crushed ice delight that hit all the right coconut, lime and rum island notes without being overly sweet. As Nilsson sang, it was no problem to "drink it all up."The last cocktail sampled this particular evening was Marie Perriello's Hemingway's Mistress. Made with smoky mezcal, Luxardo marachino liqueur, grapefruit juice and lime, it was simple...but so much more than the sum of all it's parts. It's easy to see why Hemingway might have had a fling with this tart little number!The kitchen draws on some regional cuisines of the U.S. to feature on the food side of the menu. Look for specialties from the South, Northeast, West (of here), Pennsylvania, and (okay, not a region) Classic Americana. If there's shrimp n grits on the menu, that will always be my order. Bonus, it was gluten-free. The plating of two round grits cakes and two head-on shrimp was a vision in simplicity. Keep in mind, these are small plates, not full size entrees so servings are small and shareable. Well, if you want to share and not keep all that deliciousness to yourself alone.The hubby ordered Beef on Weck and got 2 small slider-sized portions of perfectly cooked beef slices on those beautifully seasoned buns. And no, he didn't share either. We did share a plate of crispy potato chips with aioli to dip the chips. The aioli was the only negative of the evening...we couldn't remember what the menu had said it was and certainly couldn't identify the flavor except to say it was bland and weird. Skip the aioli, but get the chips!Oh...that other "Tender" meaning? Legal tender. Tender Bar & Kitchen is housed in a former bank so the double entendre of "tender" works on both the "bar" and "legal" levels.  If it sounds like I focused on the cocktails, you are correct. While the food was very, very good, it's the cocktails that will keep me bouncing back. Like a rubber check? (Sorry, couldn't resist a last cheesy bank reference.)
<review# 827,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/15/2012,5/1/2013,84,118,,4,1>OK I really must be channeling @Rachel C., because I was totally going to begin my review with "love love love"!  This place is GREAT - the wines are delicious, the location is stellar, and the ambiance is super-trendy, while also welcoming.  I can't wait for them to host events in the basement; it's going to be THE go-to place in the 'burgh for wine and music lovers alike.  The cheese and chocolate they serve is local, as well.  Oh, and did I mention the wine tastings are free?  Coming off a wine tour in North Carolina, I can tell you that's not usually the norm!Pittsburgh Winery has gotten it right and will be a staple in this town for years and years - look for lots of check-ins from me here!
<review# 828,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/17/2013,4/29/2013,71,342,2,3,2>This theater is a beautiful example of the elegance that theaters of the past have.  The restoration was done with fantastic attention to detail and it is so beautiful, you don't know where to look next.  In fact, you may get a stiff neck from looking at the stunning ceiling, sparkling chandilers and incredible detail.If you have long legs, or prefer to have space when you sit, your best bet is to sit on the floor level.  Balcony seats provide a great view, but there is a considerably smaller amount of leg room.  This can make a difference in your level of enjoyment of a show.I've seen two broadway touring shows there and the quality of both was great.  Sound quality and lighting were great and I was impressed with the sets and staging that could be done on touring productions.Many times in older theaters, bathroom lines are an issue, but the layout and amount of bathrooms on the lower level of the theater make it less of an issue than it is at similiar locations.  And there is even a bar on that level.The few downsides to the theater are the high prices for drinks (but that is expected at any location like this) and the lobby gets really cold on winter days from all the patrons coming in and out.  Theater doors usually open around a half hour before curtain time, so take that into consideration for your arrival time.
<review# 829,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/3/2012,9/18/2012,100,116,2,5,3>If Cheers was a Chinese restaurant instead of a bar, it would be the Great Wall. Barry (the owner) and his staff go out of their way to make you feel at home each and every time you come in. My family has been going here for years, and our regular waiter, Leo, doesn't even have to give us menus anymore, just starts bringing out our dishes as soon as we sit down!First things first, make sure you start with a wonton soup and shrimp egg roll. This is hands-down the best wonton soup in the city. It's just salty enough, hot, and filled with yummy wontons. Since the green onion scare in Pittsburgh several years ago, Barry no longer has his chefs put green onions in automatically, but you can ask for a little side dish of them (which I recommend - really adds to the flavor).The egg rolls are huge, crispy, and full of big pieces of shrimp. Along with your appetizers, you get a bowl of crispy noodles with duck and hot mustard sauce for dipping (although if you don't like the hot mustard, Leo will bring you a double order of duck sauce instead). Oh, and you get all the hot tea you can drink, thrown in for free.In terms of entrees, I have sampled only about three of the options here because.... they're amazing. Super amazing. So why change, right? We used to get moo goo gai pan consistently until we met the amazing chicken. (Amazing chicken is General Tso's, but using only white meat chicken.) The moo goo gai pan is awesome though, lots of water chestnuts and snap peas thrown into the mix. And it's delicious cold the next day as a leftover.The amazing chicken is so perfectly breaded, just crispy and sweet enough, but not too heavy. And the Mongolian beef.... oh my. Oh my  my my. You can ask to have it made 'extra sweet', and I recommend that. It's so juicy and seasoned with sweet sauce and onions. (I am about five minutes away from just deciding to go here for lunch, now that I'm writing about this place.)Oh, and even though you're going to *want* to eat everything in a single sitting, the plates are so huge that you probably won't be able to. And that's good, because everything at the Great Wall makes a terrific leftover.I've been coming to this restaurant for more than 20 years, and as long as they're around, I'm going to keep coming back. Don't be afraid to drive out into the suburbs for this one - it will be well worth it!
<review# 830,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/7/2012,9/17/2012,101,91,1,3,3>I wish more people went to Papa J's. It has great food, a truly unique atmosphere, and Frank. Frank the bartender is one cool guy. I'll get to him later.First, the ambiance. Very old building, low lighting, dark wood... a bit "dodgy," really.It could be that the headboard of Madame Dolly Cavanaugh hangs above the bar. Yes, Papa J's used to be brothel in Pittsburgh's industrial heyday. But that's not all the whimsy the restaurant has to offer. Clutch the pearls and phone Rick Sebak, because it's also rumored to be haunted! Frankly, this doesn't surprise me. If you poke around a bit you half expect the members of Mystery Inc. to be disappearing behind false walls. Jinkies.The food is good, comforting, and plentiful. The wedding soup is tasty and perfect for taking the chill off you in the winter.  All entrees come with fresh italian bread with dippings and range from $10-$20. You can choose from several pastas with a variety of sauces and meats. Try the veal bolognese pasta, served with tomato cream sauce. Delicious! They regularly have several daily specials, one of which is usually seafood. Now to Frank. He's a friendly older gentleman with lots of stories to tell. Usually, I drink beer or wine.  But when I'm at Papa J's, I simply let Frank pick my drink. Just tell him what you're in the mood for; something dry, fruity, bitter, or strong... and he will whip up something tasty.  I highly recommend Papa J's. Go there on one of those nights when you want to go out to eat, but can't quite figure out where to go. You're tired of chains, not in the mood for bar food, and don't want to spend a lot of money. Head to Papa J's Centro. Frank will fix you up!
<review# 831,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/10/2012,9/16/2012,118,112,2,5,2>Great new addition to Lawrenceville. No more having to walk your dog around Friendship Park or going all the way over to Frick. This park is located right underneath the 40th street bridge along the river. There are two seperate sides to this dog park so if you wanted to train your dog on one side for less of a distraction and have them play on the other the option is there! The only thing I wish this park had was a trash can and a fountain then it would be awesome!
<review# 832,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/12/2012,9/15/2012,107,111,2,4,4>What a great way to spend an afternoon! :) The building itself is just gorgeous on the outside. I can't stress that enough. Unfortunately, the ponds on the outside weren't filled when we visted, but they're so cute when they are.I had a few free passes so we went and checked it out. I hadn't been there in a few years and it's still as beautiful as ever.You make your way, room by room, through beautiful flowers and gardens. Everything is clearly marked so you know what you're looking at.  The butterfly garden is always a hit - even for me, a hater of insects.The India exhibit is wonderful! Take your time going through there!A lot of the outside gardens didn't have much to offer, but we were there in early Spring. Visit later on and I'm sure they're gorgeous.This is also a place I can't wait to take my daughter when she's older. It seems like they really have a lot to offer kids! I noticed a play market area for kids where they could learn about fruits and vegetables. There was also what seemed like a play garden outside (but I could be wrong). When going there, even when it's cold out, keep in mind that it will be warm and somewhat sticky inside, so dress in layers! Wear comfy shoes, you will be walking. And don't forget your camera!!! :)I plan on going there every year! :D
<review# 833,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/30/2012,9/14/2012,540,698,7,5,6>Ok, ok, ok, y'all need to calm down.  Quit with the 'it's too small,' 'it's a Pittsburgh thing,' and 'it's so greasy' statements.  That's what Primanti's IS.  It's a compact, greasy Pittsburgh right.  Yes, the place is small, it is in Market Square, and will remain there, wouldn't you be disappointed if one day you wanted Primanti's and no more Market Square location?  I know I would.  If I were in the downtown region and had that craving I wouldn't want to have to work my way up to the Strip just for a bite of that Pittsburgh goodness.  The 'it's a Pittsburgh' thing comments baffle me.  If you have food shows featuring the sandwich, magazines writing about it, and it's considered the 'Manliest Restaurant in America,'  I think that means it's more than just a Pittsburgh thing.  Why else would Primanti's be featured on such media?  Why else would these people centered around shows and magazines venture to a Primanti's?  I mean that has to show you it's more than just a Pittsburgh thing.And 'it's so greasy?'  Did you not watch them makes your sandwich, which you picked from their extensive menu, on the griddle in front of you?  Expect it to be greasy, they are frying it for you and melting that cheese on it.  Maybe don't even pay attention to the greasy factor, especially with that crunchy coleslaw and heap of fries placed between those two thick slices of Italian bread.  Better yet, move out of my way, I'm about to chow down on that Pittsburgh grease fest awaiting my attention.
<review# 834,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/22/2012,9/13/2012,75,52,4,8,3>There's a reason The Big Easy Animal Hospital is five stars! To start off with, this place is clean and modern (and thank you Big Easy for providing us with a Keurig!). All of the staff were very friendly, both over the phone and in person. I was a little hesitant to take advantage of their walk-in services, thinking I might be there for hours. However, everything was handled very efficiently and I was in and out in under an hour (considering I had to fill out paperwork because I was new and my dog had to get hooked up to IV fluids, I consider that decent timing!). Dr. Ruiz was super sweet and gentle with my dog. She was easy to talk to and took the time to explain what was going on. I never felt rushed or stupid for asking my questions. Pricing didn't seem too bad, although it's not often my dog gets sick so I don't really have anything to compare it to. Overall though, this place was amazing. Definitely deserving of its five stars! Also, I just wanted to add that the street parking around here is not metered. Yay!
<review# 835,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/10/2012,9/12/2012,70,148,,7,3>*For the barLegume is a spot that I haven't been to since it was a tiny affair in Regent Square. Wild success bought them a much larger space in North Oakland, amid cheap college housing and Pittsburgh culinary staples like Lulu's Noodles, this might have seemed like a strange move to make. So strange to me, in fact, that I let Legume slip silently from my mind and never considered it again, until recently.Searching and re-searching Yelp for some restaurant or unique feature that I may have missed on the last pass, as I often do, I happened to stumble across the fact that this new-and-improved Legume had a bar! Aptly named, the Full Service Bar is open from 4p-midnight, and offers not only a solid beer and wine selection, but a fair selection of small bar-bites from the kitchen, which is also open until midnight. Honestly, though, I can go anywhere in town to grab a beer and a bite - what drew me in was that they not only have a 4p-6p happy hour, but a 10p-midnight happy hour as well! That's right, stop in for skillfully crafted bar food and discount drinks, specifically $2 off drafts, $4 wines, and $5 well drinks - along with some weekly specials(ie, $5 punch on Monday) and live music/DJs(I think Zombo plays Tuesdays)We arrived at about half-past 10 and Legume itself had already closed, but the bar has a separate entrance in the entryway. The bar is beautiful, lined with comfortable leather-backed barstools, a high-table with a wooden alcove, and dimly lit by candles and sconces on the wall. In the back are a few low 4-seat tables with leather chairs to have a group of people sit. The bartender greeted us quickly and handed us a cocktail and draft list, along with a bar menu. The menu has about 6-8 small plates, a few soup/salads, and 3-4 dessert options. The draft list was decent, however 2 slots of their 10 choices were wasted on Miller Lite and America's oldest brewery(Yuengling). The bartender was happy, though, to give us samples of Duck-Rabbit Doppelbock and Southern Tier's 2x Stout(She was also nice to our fellow patrons, giving them a whirlwind tour of the finer points of gin and a quick intro to Mezcal). My girlfriend stuck to her 2X($4), while I wound up with a standard Manhattan, which turned out to not be part of the $5 well drinks(it was $8), but the bartender let me slide since she wasn't aware until after it was made. We also settled on an order or Risotto Balls($4) - coming 8 to a set(think Lindt truffle-sized) with a small ramekin of something that seemed an awful lot like citrusy mayo, but it was dark enough in the bar that I could pretend to uphold my diet by not asking. The risotto balls were very crispy on the outside and the inside was creamy and delicious - definitely a nice alternative to french fries. Having finished our risotto balls but not our drinks, we also ordered the crostini with chèvre and pepper jelly($4) - a kitchen open as late as the bar is such an overlooked luxury! They arrived quickly, 4 slices of toasted bread completely overloaded with goat cheese, and a dollop of sweet and spicy heaven on top of each. The cool and creamy goat cheese really paired well with the flavor of the jelly, and the jelly itself was so good I grabbed every last bit I could from the plate.I still have yet to try the restaurant portion of Legume, but the bar has certainly won me as a late-night regular, especially on a low-key but classy evening. Also, they have their own twitter @FullServiceBar, so be sure to keep up!
<review# 836,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/1/2012,9/11/2012,16,116,,2,1>As much as a sushi fan as I am I going to stick my neck out and say this is the best sushi in Pittsburgh.  Here is my reasoning.Andy is not just a funny guy, but is very generous.  Go when it's not busy and be prepared to be handed big chunks of raw fish with his different sauces.  Talk to him and get ready for sushi rolls bursting with fresh fish.  Next the place is in Wholey Fish Market, Wholey gets fresh fish daily, so you know his sushi is going to be some of the freshest in Pittsburgh.Finally, the price, load up on Andy's rolls and sashimi for the fairest price in the city.  Try Andy's roll and the Eel sashimi.Go see Andy for some great sushi and sashimi.
<review# 837,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/19/2012,9/10/2012,207,401,2,7,5>I ate at the new Southpointe location yesterday for lunch and was pleasantly surprised to find a solid Mexican restaurant in the area.  The place was very busy but service was very good and respectably timed.  I ordered guacamole and chips and the chicken combo platter.  The guacamole and chips were really great.  I like the thick homemade chips, not too much salt, not greasy.  The guacamole was perfectly under contrived.  Avocado, lime, salt and done.  Nice.The chicken combo came with taquitos, a taco and an enchilada.  All came with rice and beans.  I ordered the taco Mexicano with cilantro and onions.  The chicken was shredded and marinated.  They hold it in a red sauce.  The soft corn tortillas are really good and I enjoyed my taco with a mild tomatillo salsa.  I ordered the enchilada with red sauce and it was delicious.  The taquitos were crunchy and tasty.  I loved that the beans weren't the standard pureed canned and disgusting lump on my plate.  Whole beans, nicely prepared and again very good.  This isn't my go to cuisine.  It's heavy on the calories and isn't really health food.  I did note a taco salad and I guess I could have skipped the chips.  I can recommend this restaurant.  I remember eating at the old location ( I guess that's the place I ate at in Cannonsburg that closed) and it was not good at all.  It was a long time ago.  I guess they've had a chance to work on things because this place doesn't remind me of any I have been to in the Pittsburgh area.
<review# 838,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/13/2012,9/9/2012,102,199,3,4,3>Cappy's is a dive in the middle of a very nice area.  For that feat alone, I give it 3 stars.  The bonus star is for cheap drinks and decent food and having outside tables.There are only a handful of beers on tap ranging from the Pittsburgh regulars to a 2-3 seasonals.  While there's a good mix of high-low liquors, there are no specialty cocktails.  Yes, you can order a boilermaker but no pomegranate crantinis here.  Respect.The sandwiches/wraps are totally decent--meaning better than fast food but not gourmet.  You get a good amount of food for ~$8 and it's tasty.The best part about Cappy's is that it offers a reprieve from the jam-packed bro bars on Walnut St.  Yes, Cappy's gets crowded on karaoke night, but generally there is room to breathe inside and there are a half dozen outdoors tables that are perfect for laughing at the drunks stumbling home.P.S. The pictures above are in not of the Cappy's on Walnut St.  I'm not sure why they are posted here.
<review# 839,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/5/2011,7/26/2011,32,53,3,5,5>What a hidden gem (but too good not to post about!).  I was at Pusadee's Garden this weekend and we thankfully missed all the rain...We made last minute reservations which paid off. We got a terrific table in the garden under the grapevine canopy.My handsome date and I shared the Garden Roll and a Thai Iced Tea while perusing our menu.  I decided on the Eggplant Basil while my date had the Spicy Seafood.  We both went with 6-7 on the Spicy Meter (our server admitted he didn't "do" spicy and always got a 3 but we stayed with our higher numbers).  Our entrees were wonderful and the heat was just right.  Keep in mind we both had runny noses and extra sips of water from time to time but the food was very enjoyable.  We ended the meal with Sticky Rice and Mango-yum!What a romantic place that makes Pittsburgh great.  Nothing overly fancy -beautiful atmosphere and great food.By the way, the reviewer who waited an hour after reservations were made, had horrible, rude service and bad food had to have had some other issues ruining his evening.  My experience at Pusadee's Garden was NOTHING like that.  Avoid that review:)
<review# 840,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,5/18/2011,7/25/2011,102,290,,4,2>Made a reservation for my boyfriend's birthday at Avenue B after reading a few Yelp reviews who suggested to do so. The restaurant space is small but cozy, and is also pretty quiet on a noise level basis so you're not shouting across the table. Similar to Salt of the Earth, they have their menus up on chalkboards however the chalkboard size and the fonts are smaller so we had a hard time reading, especially since there was a glare from the light from where we were sitting (it didn't seem very appropriate for us to get up and take a closer look since that might mean us intruding on someone else's dinner). Good concept in theory. I ordered the meatloaf which was good and my boyfriend ordered their special fish and chips, and unfortunately everything came out tempura fried for him which was not what he was envisioning from the way it was described by the waiter. And then because we were there for a celebration, we ordered their smore dessert. When we got the smores, it was a deconstructed version which unfortunately was a miss for us on this too. There were pieces of chocolate and we were suppose to drink or dip them into a chocolate liquid. We were confused. Needless to say we did not finish it.Ultimately the choices we picked at Avenue B were either not mind blowing or memorable for all the wrong reasons. I unfortunately don't think we'll be back given the prices we paid for our food though from what the other Yelpers are saying this would seem like a place right up our alley.
<review# 841,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/28/2011,7/24/2011,393,254,3,4,3>Fat Tommy's is one of Pittsburgh's finest treasures. I have never had a bad experience here and I doubt I ever will. It's as good as it gets for a pizza and hoagie joint.Fat Tommy's is our lunchtime go-to at work for a couple of reasons:1. We like the staff. I mean with a slogan like, "food with attitude" you know you're going to have a good experience.2. It's fast. We normally stay about an hour but it takes no more than 15 minutes for your food. And I think 15 minutes is an exaggeration.3. IT'S CHEAP! The lunch special I order will get you a drink, bag of chips and a hoagie for $6.69 (tax included). Where else can you get that? If that's not enough food for you then maybe go try a buffet somewhere.In addition to the 8 lunch specials you can order entire pizzas, pizza by the slice, an plethora of fried food for your arteries, salads and calzones.It's kind of small inside so seating fills up quickly. They recently remodeled making it look more like a restaurant and less like your uncle Vinny's basement. The only complaint I have is there is no restroom. What if you gotta go, right? You better hold it until you get back to your office like I do. Am I sharing too much?
<review# 842,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/27/2011,7/23/2011,330,1031,5,11,9>After the recent death of Mr. Warhol's brother, John Warhola, I had a renewed interest in visiting this museum. Granted, Andy was a tiny bit before my time... And I have to admit, that other than brightly colored screen prints of some famous faces, I don't really know that much about him. We didn't go to see any of the traveling exhibits. We were all about Andy, just Andy. We went in on a Sunday afternoon and even though the car show was in town, the museum was fairly busy. We liked the wide open expanse of space and the relaxed atmosphere. We really enjoyed the initial room that contained a brief history of the artist. Also, one of our favorite pieces was his screen print of Judy Garland. Beautiful use of color, what an amazing piece. Also, I fell in love with Elvis all over again and again and again. Equally fascinating, were the self portraits. I had seen the movie Factory Girl, so I was aware of Andy's random movie making. It was fascinating to view some of his films. Very interesting. What about that "guy" with the banana? Now there is something you don't see everyday! I did think that the silver balloon room was a little silly. Until I was trapped in there with my bf BJ. And then I fell in love with it. It was SO much fun! It was also very interesting to see much of the old memorabilia. Love seeing his old well worn shoes, skinny jeans and leather jackets. Priceless!  There is a lot to see, read and absorb. So, this museum definitely deserves repeat visits.   BJ doesn't know it yet, but we will be going back.
<review# 843,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,9/19/2010,7/22/2011,51,252,7,7,5>Dependable Drive-In needs a little more common sense when pairing up movies in their double features. We're often left wishing we could jump screens. Admission prices are fair. Concessions are what you'd expect a the movies with a few extras (funnel cakes are a nice addition). We had an issue with a slightly out of focus picture at our last showing. Occasionally you'll get the thoughtless viewer who leaves their headlights on - but the power of the mob tends to prevail as people start getting out of their cars to deal with it. Once the movies start, you're bound to enjoy yourself. The drive in is a nice break from the typical movie theater experience. Traffic backs up a little getting in and out, but is not unbearable. Tip: Buy a car with a bench seat before taking your wife out here for maximum cuddle time.
<review# 844,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/27/2011,7/21/2011,102,199,,5,3>This is easily one of the best bars in the city, and certainly in South Side.  Depending on the time of day, you'll get a very different crowd.  Because it's in a prime Carson Street location, college kids overrun the bar on Saturday nights.  But otherwise, The Library is fairly laid back.There is always a good selection of local beers on tap--East End, Penn, Victory (from across the state in Downingtown).  Happy hours are every day (5-7pm & 9-11pm) with 1/2 off apps and $3 drafts.  Another perk is that the kitchen is open until 1am, and the food is actually good.  I've tried most of the menu, and the closest thing I have to a complaint is that the portions are large.  For example, The Woman in White (risotto) could easily feed two.  And, yes, all of the menu options and cocktails are named for books.  The signature cocktails are more of simple twists on classics--Where the Red Fern Grows is just a cosmo with pineapple juice--and disappointingly cheap liquor is used.  But I come here for the drafts, not the Hugtini (yep, a cocktail made with that childhood sugar-water).  The menus themselves are retired hardback books--the decor is top-notch here.  The patio on the top floor is great for warmer months.
<review# 845,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/2/2010,7/20/2011,105,146,5,5,4>I think I died and went to vintage nirvana when I stepped into Eons back in May. Every single piece is elegant, beautiful, and either close to mint condition or mint condition. Richard, the guy that runs the store, knows about every piece in the store and a bit of its history. Literally, the store is like walking into a museum of clothing from the 1940s-1980s. Hey Betty is really great too, although sometimes it doesn't have the sizes I need (I'm a petite 0-2). Also look up when you walk around the store. Some of the sweetest hats I have ever seen (I don't know where they find the stuff in that GREAT quality) are at Eons. Main point: If you love vintage, you will LOVE Eons.
<review# 846,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/18/2010,7/19/2011,103,298,3,4,3>Ali Baba has become my go-to for Middle Eastern fare in Pittsburgh.I've ordered a few different things but the absolute best thing on the menu is the lamb shank, which a waitress recommended as their specialty. She was so spot on. The meat is juicy and fall-off-the-bone tender, and the tomato-based broth is seasoned perfectly. Yum! The salad is great (no surprise there, I'll eat anything with that lemony Middle Eastern dressing) and the kabobs and hummus are pretty good, but beware of the baba ghanouj...sometimes it can be very bitter if they make a bad batch.The service is slow as hell, always. Not a quick eat, but satisfying if you have the time. Delivery is available through Wheel Deliver.
<review# 847,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/19/2011,7/18/2011,95,142,2,4,2>This is one of our go-to places for lunch at the office! Zuppa's is the cure for the all of those boring chain soup/sandwich places. Their sandwich menu is creative and everything is delicious. My two favorites are the Meatloaf Sandwich  and the Little Italy. The meatloaf sandwich is a meal in itself piled with meatloaf, bacon, bbq sauce and mashed potatoes - it makes me hungry just thinking about it! The Little Italy is Italian bread, prosciutto, fig spread, fresh buffalo mozzarella, and field greens. They have a several homemade soups on the menu (tomato bisque, shrimp and corn chowder, minnestrone) but also have two daily soups that range from anything from cream of mushroom to Guinness stew.Don't forget the homemade cannoli! The flavors change daily too. So far I've had vanilla, pistachio, pumpkin, and peanut butter.
<review# 848,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,6/21/2011,7/16/2011,23,59,,4,4>We went on a wednesday and there was a 45 minute wait at 6PM, pretty impressive even when you consider the new restaurant smell. We had a few beers each from the very impressive draft menu with chips and queso for starters. After starters we both ordered the chicken chickpea burritos, which were big and boring. All and all it wasn't my kind of place.  It was full of dudes on the prowl and blasting loud music, which made it hard to communicate with anyone. The food wasn't amazing, but it was good enough for the price, especially when you consider the portion sizes. Service was on point. The best part was definitely the beer selection, but seeing as there's a 45 minute wait on a wednesday and it's full of dude-bros, I probably won't be back anytime soon. Oh, and there's a free valet, just in case you're into that sort of thing.
<review# 849,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/4/2012,3/18/2013,65,125,,3,2>My favorite is usually of the wrap-around variety, but this Porch is BETTER and, well, edible.I visited The Porch last Friday evening with the five-star Jonathan D. The décor is nouveau Eat 'n Park, but the cuisine is anything but.  At the fervent recommendation of so many Yelpers, we began our meal with the Farm Bread.  Those Yelpers really know what they're talking about. This bread was more like a fine steak; sliced thick and cooked to perfection. Served with a trio of condiments, including apple butter and the sweetest butter you've ever tasted, this orgasmic appetizer kicked our meal off to a tremendous start.  For my entrée, I ordered the evening's special; pan-seared Grouper with a side of pistachio puree, artichokes and beans.  I loathe beans (First world problems), but the chef was kind enough to substitute spaghetti squash instead. From first bite, I was in love.  The Grouper was PERFECT as was each of the sides on which it lay atop.  Jonathan had the prime rib and seemed pretty happy with his choice. But given that I'm encouraging him to Yelp more, I'll leave it at that.
<review# 850,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/21/2012,3/17/2013,23,38,,6,2>Food: Tana offers standard Ethiopian cuisine, which is centered around an injera (spongy flat bread) topped with delicious items of your choosing, and the menu also offers multiple appetizers and soups to get you started.  If you're a hungry vegetarian, its tough to get a healthier, better tasting meal in Pittsburgh, but there are plenty of meat options for carnivores as well.  For our appetizer, we ordered the potato salad, which was a generous portion of potatoes covered in vinegar and spices, and we were't disappointed.  It was delicious and enough to share.  We followed with lentil soup, which came out piping hot, was more than we expected, and was also quite tasty.  Fuller than we anticipated after the first two courses, we pushed forward toward the entrees.  For the main course, there are two choices; an individual order of one of the menu items atop your injera along with two sides, or a sampler including smaller portions of multiple menu items.  The sampler permits up to 5 choices and can include only vegetarian options or a combination of meat and vegetarian options.  There are 9 total vegetarian options, so with each of us ordering the vegetarian sampler, we were able to taste all of them.  Its not often that a restaurant bats 1.000 (even .500 would have been impressive), but all 9 of the items were fantastic.  Some are cold, some are hot, but they are all so good it is difficult to recommend only one or even rank them.  The sampler is definitely the way to go though, so that you can taste the plethora of flavors Tana has to offer, which span the spectrums of flavor and texture.  The combination of vegetables and spices is not likely to be something you would have at home or anywhere else.  You'll leave Tana full without feeling even remotely guilty about it.  Price: All appetizers and soups are $4.50 and individual menu items range from $12-15.  The vegetarian sampler is $15 per person, and the meat sampler is $20 per person.  We ordered one appetizer, two soups, two samplers, and two drinks, and paid under $70 with tip included.  Plus, we had enough food left to bring some home.  A sampler alone is a lot of food, so you can easily eat your fill for under $20 per person.Drinks: Tana has a full service bar in addition to a small beer and wine list, which includes Ethiopian beers and honey wines (similar to mead).  We tried the St. George, which according to our waiter was the "Yuengling of Ethiopia" (it was better than that).Atmosphere: Tana is located on Baum Blvd. across from PNC Bank, somewhat isolated from the developing East Liberty area near Penn Circle.  The dining room, which is up a flight of steps, is huge and offers tables of all sizes including some next to a window overlooking Baum Blvd.  There is also a small bar with a large flat-screen television.  You could enjoy a cocktail while waiting for your table, but it seems unlikely that you will have to wait.  We went on a Saturday evening, and the dining room was nearly empty.  We had no wait and our choice of table.  Service: Due to the lack of patrons, our waiter was able to almost exclusively focus on our table.  He answered our questions and explained menu items, checked on us routinely, and filled our water often.  He also asked if we liked the specific menu items he answered questions about or recommended.  One suggestion for potential improvement would be to explain what the different items on the sampler were when it is delivered to the table.  We had to figure out on our own which items were which, which may have made dinner more interesting.  The owner/manager personally came to our table to ask if we had enjoyed our meal, and he was very personable and friendly.  Tana is also open until 11PM on weekends, and they happily welcomed a couple that just arrived at 10:30.(+): unique, healthy, great-tasting food, fair prices, good service, bar(-): odd locationWould I go back again? Absolutely.  It appears as if Tana needs some support, and it deserves it.  Visit this restaurant before it disappears.  Don't let the lack of buzz, location, or little-brother relationship to Pittsburgh's other Ethiopian restaurant fool you, Tana is the real deal.
<review# 851,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/23/2013,3/16/2013,28,146,7,9,7>I'd like to make my deep love for El Burro known. I would write love letters to these incredible tacos if I wasn't fearful of spilling salsa on them. What a fantastic neighborhood find, thanks again to Yelp!Lots of vegetarian choices and variations of those choices. The potato tacos are mouth watering, with flaky flour tortillas, fresh veggies, and chunks of potatoes cooked in some magical spice that makes me crave them nightly. The rolled potato tacos are a surprisingly huge portion of 4 taquito type goodies with loads of cheese and fresh pico. There are tons of different burrito options, I think 11 in all, many vegetarian or having veggie friendly possibilities. Oh, and some have french fries, which makes my inner fat kid squeal with delight and feel naughty at the same time. I adore that they have vegan chorizo and the breakfast burrito is definitely worth tasting, even though those potato tacos are difficult to pass up! El Burro has the best salsa I've ever tasted. I guess this is controversial since other reviewers seem to find it too thin or even runny. I don't care about chunks, apparently, just flavor. And this stuff has it! Perfect amount of kick to compliment those homemade chips. The guacamole is good, although they don't give you much of it on the side. They carry Mexican Coke (sugar instead of high fructose corn syrup) and other south of the border bottled beverages which only adds to the El Burro vibe and experience.This is primarily a take out joint, although I suppose you could eat there if you wanted. There just isn't much seating, just a handful of stools at a couple counters. Order at the counter or call ahead. The staff is super friendly and knowledgable. And it's cheap! $2.95 per taco, $5-$6 for rolled tacos, $6.95 for burritos, $2.95 for chips and a huge container of salsa. I'm so delighted to have El Burro as my new neighbor. Definitely crave-worthy food has come to Federal Street, and I could not be happier!
<review# 852,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/3/2012,3/15/2013,102,290,2,10,3>The bento lunches made by the owners at Tokyo Japanese Food Store are the bomb!! They satisfy any Japanese food craving that I might have. They typically either have something fried or grilled along with a small salad, rice and some other tiny sides, which can be found in the fridge in the back of the store.If you want to make any type of Japanese food this store would have anything that you would need though a little pricey. However their fresh fish is out of the world if you want to make your own sushi or sashimi. I also bought the largest carrot that I have ever seen (for under a buck!) to go with a cold soba noodle dish that I was making. You won't regret popping in here as the owners take pride in their shop and keep it clean and all food fresh though note there is a $10 minimum for credit card.
<review# 853,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/24/2013,3/14/2013,93,457,3,5,5>We just moved away from the Southside and now I find myself wanting to move back... because of Acacia.  All joking aside, this place definitely would have made our last two years of living down there a tad better!We decided to go as we had time to kill before a reservation at Dish for our anniversary.  We had been saying we wanted to go here because we knew it was from the makers of Embury, so we finally made it happen.  I have to say this was the best choice we made that night as the dinner after was disappointing and this was a great experience.  We walked in and we were the second customers there (as it had just opened).  The bartender was kind and attentive and gave us time to figure out what we may or may not want... and he was almost asking us to ask questions.  It is nice when a bartender wants to engage with the customer and not just get them served and be done.  While I tried a few AMAZING mixed drinks... one of which was on the menu and the other two were not... I said I liked fresh cucumber like drinks and they made me a few absolutely amazing bevvies!  My husband on the other hand, was quite impressed with their Scotch and Bourbon list and stuck to that (they even have the Macallan 25 for all of you Scotch fans).  I believe the bartender said they can make over 400 mixed drinks!  I like that it is nothing like anywhere else in the Southside.  I enjoy the music, the darkness, the lower key environment and the service.  If you like good booze and do not mind a premium price, Acacia is your place.  The only thing I do not like is that it is not located in my neighborhood anymore!
<review# 854,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/24/2013,3/13/2013,57,239,4,2,3>I have to admit, I did not like the sound of paint monkey at first. I thought, painting with strangers greeeaaattt... Imagine my surprise when I realized that:1. I didn't have to paint what everyone else was painting (I hate conformity)2. There is alcohol3. They don't stand there and Bob-Ross you the whole timeI expected boring, monotone, everyone doing the same thing trying to "put lipstick on a pig" if you know what I mean.... I got a fun night. That being said, I got a little too tipsy and ended up painting something akin to what it feels like living inside my brain... Inspired---maybe, artistic---probably, something you want to put on your walls---let's just put it this way, I gave my painting to my mom and found it hidden under her dresser 3 weeks later :( LOL.My advice, go here and follow directions and you will have a painting that is wall worthy. But, more importantly have fun!
<review# 855,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/3/2012,3/12/2013,138,226,,7,1>So, this used to be the bar that belonged to Legume. It still sort of is but now it has it's own identity, which it totally deserves. The space is cozy, dark and warm. Different from it's next-door restaurant cousin. They have their own reasonably priced snack-y bar menu with burgers, pirogies and things fried in tallow...mmm...tallow. Luckily, you can still get the full Legume menu as well. The bartenders are super cool and friendly-like which makes for an even warmer atmosphere. There were about ten or so beers on tap, local and other, a splendid variety of wines by the glass and a menu of classic and house cocktails with enough choices of liquors to come up with your own concoction.
<review# 856,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/17/2013,3/7/2013,55,256,2,3,2>Having been to the original Franktuary location in the basement of a church downtown, and also having eaten from the roving food truck, I wasn't sure what to expect from this new location. In short, it's awesome. A surprisingly large and tastefully decorated space with high ceilings, church pew seating, and a full bar!This place is all about local. They have local breweries such as East End Brewing Company on tap, as well as cider from Arsenal Cider House. Soon, they will be featuring drinks made with whiskey from the local Wigle Whiskey.Food-wise, In addition to somewhat standard hot dogs, they have some amazingly creative options such as the fishfurter. Yes, you read that right, a frank made from fish. Toppings for your hotdog range from traditional to Mexican to Japanese complete with wasabi mayo. Not feeling like hotdog? How about a salad with (optionally) a hotdog chopped up on top of it? If you're vegetarian, they even have a tofu hotdog. French fries are referred to as "boring fries" since the non-boring fries are made out of garbanzo beans (surprisingly good). You certainly won't be bored with the menu.
<review# 857,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/1/2013,3/6/2013,540,698,5,6,5>Visit the zoo during the winter, and when there is at least ten inches of snow on the ground?  Yes, I am crazy, and yes, I enjoyed it.  Granted, during the winter months you don't get to see all the animals out and parading around, but you do get to see how these animals interact with the cold weather/snow.I do have to say when you enter the zoo on a cold winter day it is a bit eerie.  Looking deserted at the beginning shouldn't deter you.  Continue on through towards the exhibits.We stopped at every exhibit that had an animal present and gawked in awe as if it were the first time we were there.  We visited each building that we could as well, the aquarium getting more time than most other places.  I mean who can argue that?  Of course we spent a majority of our time watching the penguins.  How fun is that, that you get to watch them zoom by you underwater and jump up and dive back down.  (Of course we laughed when one of the penguins pushed another into the water)  We also took time at the stingray pond.  Who can resist the curiosity to see what one feels like (or for that matter, to crawl through those tubes and see what they look like from underneath (yes, I know those tubes are for kids)).  Afterward we took our time with the rest of the zoo.One thing you should do, stop by and see the seal pup.  Go to the observation window on the lower side of the exhibit and find out just how curious of a pup it is.
<review# 858,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/27/2013,3/5/2013,44,101,5,10,6>I have to start this off by saying point blank that I am a royal pain in the A$$ when it comes to my 'style' and appearance. NOT because I'm a trend sheep, but because I like what I like, know what I want, and keep steady until I find it, regardless of what the attempted 'trend leaders' try to pawn off on me. Admittedly, my tastes are eccentric, leaning toward 40's, 50's and Rat Pack.Through the last oh so many years in again out again in Pittsburgh, any time I saw someone with awesome looking glasses that were within my taste range, and I asked where they got them, the answer was almost ALWAYS 'Eyetique', and my heart would sink, knowing that Norman Child's little endeavor was WAY out of my budget league.Then, in the last couple of years, I started hearing about 3 Guys, and learned that it was the 'low end' of Eyetique, but specializing in vintage frames.  So, when my eyeballs were finally disgusted by my current frames and lenses, AND my bank account had reached a point that new glasses wouldn't bankrupt me, I investigated...and bought.My first guy, Larry, was my frame guide at the Oakland branch (which is where the majority of the vintage frames are kept) and was very nice, although it did take him a little while to come up to speed on 'me' and what I was looking for. Once he really paid attention to what I was saying (and I said a LOT), he really went to work, with the utmost of patience, to really help me find what I was looking for, not just what he wanted to sell me.This was a task, and since I'm in my own era, and the bulk of their 'vintage' frames were from the 70's (do kids today REALLY like that Boca Raton housewife ginormous ugly frame thing?), Larry really had to keep trying, and he did, until we found something that came very, very close to the 100% mark that I was looking for. Although in the vintage area, they were lacking, in the make it look right on my face area, we found the right combo.Larry was also a great guy, good conversation, and made the trip very comfortable.The next guy was the eye doctor, who was a young pup optometrist, Dr. John I do believe, who was very complete and friendly, and awfully damned nice to look at, whether in the ' better with this one' or the 'this one' lenses. We were fitting me for bifocals, so this was all new to me, and Dr. John was a pro!The 3rd guy, whose name I don't recall, was the fitter, when it was time to pick up the new glasses, also a very nice guy, and did a great job leveling off the new frames, and wrapping up the transaction. My only complaint was that he forgot to give me the little new cleaning cloth for the lenses, and no one ever responded to my e-mail asking for one. However, the lady who greeted me at the downtown store was very nice when I asked for one, and my set was now complete.All in all, the 3 Guys I dealt with gave me the look I was after, treated me with respect, and were a great team to work with. If it weren't for new glasses costing the equivalent of a half month's rent, I might go more frequently than every five years when my eyes have gone 'older' and the glasses I wear no longer were doing the job they needed to do.When my last pair of glasses broke during a blizzard, and I was in an emergency situation, I ended up 'settling' for whatever I could find, dealt with Pearle and Sears, was taken for a bait and switch ride, and ended up with a pair of glasses for four years that were never quite right, in look or in function.3 Guys took their time, and made all of that right, with friendliness and patience. Being in Oakland, they're used to the hit and run trendy young crowd, and had a little adapting to do with an older independent thinker type, and they sailed through that storm with 20/20 vision.I highly recommend the 3 Guys stores, and their teams. They actually are helpful and care.Kudos!
<review# 859,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/6/2012,1/11/2012,50,210,,6,6>As numerous people have pointed out, Walter's is indeed a great repair shop.  Tim (Walter is his last name) and the rest of his staff are friendly, honest, professional, and reliable.  I highly recommend this shop for repairs, maintenance, and check ups.  However, they are victims of their own awesomeness.  The waits here can be long--2 weeks or more--due to how busy they are and they only have one bay.  If you do have a pressing safety concern though, Tim is always willing to take your car for a spin or do a quick diagnosis to let you know if something needs to be taken care of.
<review# 860,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/21/2011,1/10/2012,42,34,7,6,5>Best burger I have EVER had.... in a restaurant!! Atmosphere/decor: (5/5) I LOVE the decor and the whole atmosphere of the restaurant. It was very modern and definitely a place to hang out for any age group.  The crowd is very eclectic which made me like the restaurant more. Its not everyday you would see college kids, a group of little girl blowing bubbles in their milkshakes, biker dudes, and super old people in the same restaurant and none of them look out of place. I was kind of upset when I found the place because I'm in Aspinwall all the time and I never noticed Burgatory before. It was like a hidden treasure. Now I understand why Barnes and Noble's parking lot is always full! You know that feeling when you realize you are the last one to find out something... that's how I feel right now! lol   Service : (5/5) Initially it took a while for our waiter to take our orders but that was because of a mistake he made with another table. Even though he couldn't help us right away, another waitress was there to order our drinks and he kept checking in just to let us know that he wasn't neglecting us. After the problem was resolved, he was SUPER attentive. Our food took longer than expected but that was my fault... I ordered my burger VERY well done a.k.a burnt. lol Random but I also like to add that pretty much all the staff were very pretty/handsome... kudos to the hiring manager. My waiter was ridiculously attractive but he was gay so I didn't feel guilty for staring instead of listening when he was talking to us. lol I swear if Brad Pitt had a brother it would be him! Ok, I'm done...Food: (5/5) First of all they had there own style of fries which was great! They sprinkled garlic salt over the top of them. I absolutely hate thick burgers but this was definitely an exception. I got the custom burger  - hormone free beef ( the name kinda gross me out), avocado, pickles, lettuce, apple? bacon, and Cajun rub. The seasoning of the burger was excellent! It taste like a burger I would have at a bbq. It really made me curious what the other seasonings taste like. They put several pieces of thick bacon on the burger so that was great. My husband got the special which was a ANTELOPE burger! My husband likes eating strange meat so he was very excited about it. He loved it! Any place that is able to put antelope meat, blue cheese, beets, herbs(instead of lettuce) together and make it taste good is 5 stars worthy in my book. Oh yea... I really want to go back for a milkshake because they looked amazing!
<review# 861,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/12/2011,1/9/2012,91,67,3,4,3>Mannnnn, I'd LOVE to get invited out on a date here!I mean, it's perfectly adorable and ever-so-vintage. You've got antique decor (though oddly, they don't feel antique here - it just feels like you've stepped back in time and the whole world is like that), yummy ice cream cones and shakes, candies from yesteryear (with prices to match!), and a friendly staff.I found this place via a LivingSocial coupon, which truly worked since I never would've known about it otherwise. Klavon's is tucked away in a somewhat deserted part of the Strip District, surrounded by abandoned industrial storefronts. I had the chocolate chip cookie dough cone, which in itself was pretty good, though not amazing. The milkshake and old-school candy? Totally awesome! Highly recommend due to the super sweet (no pun intended) step-back-in-time ambiance and homey feel.Now all you need is a hot date and a poodle skirt, right?!
<review# 862,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/1/2011,1/7/2012,65,131,1,3,4>First of all, why doesn't Regent Square get more credit for being an awesome neighborhood? Seriously, Frick Park is right there and there is a great mix of residential sections along with a quaint row of shops, restaurants, bars, and a movie theater that shows some great stuff! Thumbs up Regent Square, keep it up.But I digress, this is not a review of Regent Square as a whole but The Map Room. It was Sunday night and my friend and I were leaving D's a couple doors down. As we passed the Map Room we heard music coming from inside and through the window saw a trio of musicians: one playing the fiddle, another the guitar, and a young woman playing the accordion. We had to go in to see what it was all about.Jamming for nearly 3 hours was an Irish Band and they were seriously talented. The guy who played the fiddle would jump up from time to time and start right into the craziest jig I'd ever seen. It was great.Other than the great music, Map room has a nice tap selection too. 4 brews by the East End Brewing Company. Two thumbs up for Map Room supporting local breweries.I will definitely be back.
<review# 863,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/27/2011,1/6/2012,14,52,,9,7>I got married here! I had to plan a last-minute wedding for the day after Christmas in 2010 when my husband was at basic training through most of December. I must have visited just about every church and historic building in Pittsburgh in an attempt to find an affordable venue. I tried everywhere from the Frick to Braddock Library. I have always loved Phipps--especially the winter flower show--and had a good feeling when I had the idea of renting space there. I emailed the representative in charge of rentals and was turned down since the entire facility would be open to the public during the hours of the wedding. Desperate, I sent a reply telling her the story of what was happening with us, and a day later she got back to me and said after contacting many higher-ups, they made a special exception. The Broderie Room was a beautiful location for a wedding, especially a no-frills one like ours. There was no need to buy a single flower or decoration. There is a wishing well inside the room, and we provided a bowl of pennies, asking our guests to make a wish for our marriage as they exited. We used the space just for the ceremony and hosted the reception at my in laws' house.The Phipps staff was amazing in putting everything together. They provided seating for our parents and grandparents during the ceremony and shuttled everyone from the entrance of the conservatory back to the Broderie Room. There was always someone on hand to help, and I am eternally thankful for that since the entire night was a blur!Aside from the wedding night, I love to visit Phipps and have always taken out-of-town guests. It is one of my favorite places to take a new camera lens to practice since there are so many colors and shapes. The little cafe in the front has delicious, interesting food and some of the friendliest staff. My only complaint is that general admission has risen a lot in the last few years, making it somewhat impractical for me to visit very often. But with its Victorian glass architecture and themed rooms, it is one of the most magical places in Pittsburgh.
<review# 864,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/14/2011,1/5/2012,28,25,4,9,6>I was headed to a computer lab around lunchtime today when I noticed the building lit up at the edge of Schenley Park in Oakland -- was it open?  Having seen the construction progress along throughout the spring and summer months, I was anxious to sit down and give this brand spanking new restaurant a try.First surprise: it is NOT a full-service restaurant.  When I walked in, I was promptly greeted and two hostesses handed me a menu.  They directed me to go to the register when I was ready to order.The menu looked fresh, seasonal, and original, and consisted of salads, sanwiches, soup, and wood-fired pizzas.  All of the sandwiches come with either greens or crispy taters with curry ketchup -- more on that later.  I finally settled on a sandwich -- The Roasted Pig -- pork roast, carmelized onions, ricotta, and red pepper aioli, and I wanted to try both of the sides so I asked for the greens and paid for a side of the crispy taters.  In all, my meal was around $13.  If I had gotten anything to drink other than water I imagine it would have topped $15.  They gave me a number with my order, as they bring the food to your table.Second surprise: The "water bar."  I just wanted water with lunch and the girl who took my order pointed me towards a spot on the bar with two larges containers of water -- one with cucumbers and one with lemon.  You can help yourself to all you like of either.  The flavored water was a nice touch.The Porch is seat yourself, and I found a table with a great view of the park and a bench seat -- it was roomy and comfortable.I waited about 10 minutes for my food to arrive, and the greens looked fresh and bright, the bread was crisp and chewy at the same time, and the potatoes looked divine.First thing to try: the greens.  They were tasty and clearly very fresh, if a little bit on the salty side.  I'm not sure WHAT they are tossed in, but it was light and tasty.  (I hate when I go to a restaurant and they give me OLD greens/lettuce in my salad, it is such a huge turnoff!)  Next: A bite of those potatoes.  The crispy taters weren't exactly what I expected them to be -- the work tater put "tater tots" into my brain, but these were fresh, small potatoes, diced kind of like homefries and seasoned.  And on the side was the curry ketchup.  Let me preface this by saying that I LOVE curry: the curry ketchup is GENIUS!  The curry gives a little kick of spice and a something extra to the ketchup, and the seasoned potatoes, while good by themselves, were really something special with a dab of the curry ketchup on them.  Note: If you're not a fan of curry, you CAN request regular ketchup.And then my sandwich: I can't claim it was a flavor explosion in my mouth, but the bread was toasted just the right amound and the onions were sweet and tasty.  The pork was flavorful and the texture was spot-on.  It wasn't really messy, althought the last couple bites kind of fell apart a bit and the cheese didn't stay on the sandwich well...  Speaking of which, I couldn't really taste the cheese (although the type of cheese on the sandwich was a mild one), so the one thing I would change if I were making the sandwiches would be to use a sharper, "stickier" cheese that would also help hold the sandwich together.Someone came by and refilled my water glass several times throughout my meal and another person took my plate away when I was done eating.  The staff was friendly and attentive and no one acted like they were just there to do a job.  While I didn't have any alcoholic beverages, there was a beer and wine list and The Porch also makes fresh seasonal soda to order.Overall, a nice place, and definetly somewhere I would take a friend for a casual lunch.
<review# 865,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/4/2011,1/4/2012,39,80,1,9,5>Short version: Cheap, delicious, friendly, unique. Get the crab curry soup.Longer version: Oh sweet, loving, though possibly non-existent God; this place is unfortunately hidden yet wonderfully comforting. I wish I could try everything. My only option, obviously, is to go back in order to try everything.I went with a few friends on  Tuesday night after having to go to the Verizon store at the Waterfront and not really wanting to eat at Red Robin (nothing wrong with Red Robin, though). They had 25 cent pierogies on special--obviously, we had 25 of them. They were perfectly browned, crisp on the edges, and after a little searching we managed to find the pile of onions that they were cooked with. The spinach artichoke dip was equally delicious, leading me to have faith in the other appetizers as well.For our main course, we all ended up splitting crab curry soup, fried zucchini, and the surf'n'turf (half of a crabcake sandwich and half of a house-smoked brisket sandwich). They had a sweet collection of craft beers on tap and the dude who served us was probably the nicest person I've ever met within the food industry. The crab curry soup was simple and exactly the dish I'd go back for.I can't wait to go back and explore the rest of what Blue Dust has to offer.
<review# 866,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/22/2011,1/3/2012,116,36,8,8,7>Oh Pavement. You broke me. For years I flirted with the very dangerous habit of shoes; always looking and never touching for fear I would cross the line of wearing shoes to being worn by shoes if I ever strayed from my Converse. You see how something wrecks havoc on your friends' lives (Discover card bills, overflowing shoe racks, three hour detours to the Coach outlet store) and you hope you're strong enough to avoid it, but ultimately, you're not. Pavement, with its dark walls, country-chic charm, garment racks of artsy frocks and lines of boots pumps and sandals delivers on all promises of helping you find express your stylish and quintessentially feminine side. Part of what flipped my brainswitch from, 'I want it' to 'I need it,' was seeing shoes that I haven't seen anywhere else; for me that makes Pavement a standout boutique. I went in there, fell in love with some grey motorcycle boots and three months later, when I was still thinking about them ("They're so...grey?!"), I finally went back and bought them. Having merchandise that haunts you is also the mark of a good boutique.And here's the thing, the stuff is expensive, but it's not second-mortgage-on-the-house expensive (I'm looking at you Louboutin). You're going to pay $150 - 250 for a pair of boots or pumps, but let's be honest: you're going to wear them forever and love them every time you do. The small selection of clothes and jewelry are cute, and you might want to throw a bangle or two in your bag, but in the end they're just not as spectacularly satisfying as the shoes.
<review# 867,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/29/2011,1/2/2012,181,458,,4,2>Finally I am satisfied with Mexican food in the burgh since this place was brought to my attention via yelp. Thanks a lot!I came here around lunch time on a Wednesday and was happy to see a few people already enjoying their meals in the small dining room. I went a little overboard on ordering because their was so much to choose from and I had high hopes for this place. We order among two people; 2 fish tacos, 1 chicken taco, 1 Tostada, and the California Burrito and horchata. This was a ton of food holy cow and all for under $19. The California Burrito was so good that I devoured it so fast that I almost forgot to check what was in it. I did figure that there was grilled and cubed steak (possibly flank as it was lean), fries, a small amount of standard veggies, guacamole. But it so hit the spot and filled me up with that alone. The Tacos were also really tasty bites, they were pretty standard tacos with a soft corn tortilla shell filled with fresh salsa lettuce, tomato and your choice of Guacamole or sour cream, as well as your choice of Meat in my case order chicken and fish. Cooked perfectly. I recommend trying the horchata, if your not familiar it is sort of like a rice water based beverage. For $2 you get a huge glass of it and was very refreshing on a blustery cold afternoon. The dude at the counter was very patient with me as I did ask a number of questions about the menu because there was some stuff on there that I had never seen or heard of. The place did definitely remind me of the many taco stands that I have experienced in the Southwest, and Tijuana and Baja. Just a heck of a lot cleaner. This place has ample parking and great prices, I sure hope this place lasts, I could have lunch here everyday. If you like tacos and burritos, you have to go check this joint out.
<review# 868,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/20/2011,1/1/2012,192,893,,3,2>We've gone to Elmer's for almost all of our fishy needs.  Most of the staff are very knowledgeable about their aquarium stock - it's nice to go to a pet store and have people actually know what they are talking about regarding care.  They have a nice loyalty card program - we'd never even heard of a non-chain pet store with a loyalty program, but we love it.  They send coupons too!  Items are well-priced, and they have a large selection of fish-related products - medicine, foods, filters, etc.  We have noticed some dead or sick fish in their tanks - more than we've seen at other aquarium stores - now that happens at plenty of pet stores, sometimes fish just die.  But I wish the staff would be a little more mindful of it and remove them from the tanks - it doesn't make you eager to buy.  They do get busy sometimes, they even have a "call-a-number" system, but it's fun to browse and look at the beautiful fish while you wait.  And they have a parking lot, and a convenient location right off of the turnpike.
<review# 869,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/25/2014,10/14/2014,100,116,1,5,5>I love a place that consistently surprises me, yet is consistent with getting the basics right. Bar Marco has that: lots of variety, but always excellent service and wonderful cocktails.I've only been for brunch and rounds so far (dying to check out No Menu Monday but just haven't made it in yet), but each time has been great. The servers and bartenders are just top-notch. The bartenders are pros at the 'tell us what you like and we'll make a cocktail out of it' game. And this is a spot where the bar and the restaurant are truly two parts of the same whole: the servers are knowledgeable about the drinks too.I think what I love so much is that Bar Marco is simple and yet exciting. Your brunch order may just be eggs and country potatoes, but the eggs will be dressed up in fresh ingredients and bursting with flavor. They don't have a massive selection of booze behind the bar, but they can make pretty much anything you can dream up, and make it really well.While they do have a nifty little cocktail list, the sky is really the limit. This is one of my favorite places to order a Blood & Sand, a drink at the top of my list. Their brunch cocktails are fabulous as well and very refreshing in the morning!As long as Bar Marco keeps serving up  great scotch cocktails and friendly service, I'll keep stopping in.
<review# 870,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/26/2014,10/13/2014,27,162,3,9,5>Food-wise, Conflict Kitchen is a solid 4/5.  However, add in the concept that the restaurant periodically completely reinvents itself to a new nationality under "conflict" and you have hit that garners national attention for good reason.Most recently, Conflict has ventured from Cuba to Afghanistan to Venezuela, each menu comprised of small bites, entrees, sides and local drinks.  On this most recent occasion, my wife and I visited the Venezuelan setup to satisfy my craving for arepas and her obsession with empanadas...  needless to say, we were pleased.My arepa was a welcome change from the typical hot cheesy deliciousness I usually crave.  Served cold with a chicken and avocado salad, this thing was a spot on bite for the blistering summer heat.My wife's empanada, while divergent from all those we've have before, was delicious as well.  A much thicker dough and different consistency gave it a chewy kind of consistency that almost reminded me of a cross between an empanada and a tamale.Overall, I can't think of a better addition to the cultural, age and political infusion that is Oakland.  It brings great awareness to the countries it represents (they conduct interviews and provide free pamphlets that highlight that region's stories, views of America, etc.) and it breaks that madhouse of Mexican, Asian and Indian establishments that litter the area.Keep it up!
<review# 871,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/4/2014,10/12/2014,10,86,4,5,4>My trip to Union Pig & Chicken was long overdue, but when a groupon arrived and reminded me that this was on my "must try" list, I was on it.We were seated upstairs and I was immediately intrigued by the fact that I was standing in a BBQ joint, yet the decor told me I was somewhere else.  I don't mean this in a bad way..it was upscale, tasteful, kind of minimalist.  The recycled-plastic outdoor wood pseudo picnic tables were a neat touch.  You know, that plasticky faux wood they use at newer playgrounds to make park benches and stuff.  Pretty cool.Beer selection was very good, including some Pittsburgh brews on tap and a neat looking specialty drink list.  We stuck with beer, but I'd come back to try a specialty drink.Our waitress was excellent and sat down with us for a few minutes to go over the menu options and provide some recommendations.  We decided to split a smattering of items to get the full effect.1.  Fried Chicken (white meat) - delicious. tender, juicy, all those good adjectives one would use to describe excellent fried chicken.  They have a lunch special on this and if I worked closer to East Lib I'd be all over it.  $8 for 2 pieces of chicken, a drink, and a side.  That's a killer deal for this quality.2. Brisket - a little slab of goodness.  It was very tasty - served like a little slice of meatloaf of steak, but fork-tender and pulls apart, with a nice little crust on the outside.  It was good with bbq sauce, good with the Carolina style vinegar, and good by itself.  Mmmm3.  Pork Shoulder - don't get freaked out that it's served in "cubes".  The pork was fantastic.  I think I liked this better than the brisket.  It was probably my favorite.  I mixed the bbq sauce with a little of the habanero sauce for this.  I could eat a full pound of this straight up... no sides. 4.  Mac & Cheese - good not great.  Cheesy and rich, for sure, but needed a little salt and pepper, of which there was none at the table.  Not bad, but I wouldn't fill up on this instead of other things.5.  Cornbread - best cornbread I've ever had.  My wife almost ordered a second piece to go.  "It tastes like cake!", she exclaimed with glee.  It was really, really good and quite dense.  Not dry like many other cornbreads I've had.  $3 for a slice is a bit steep though.Overall, we were both really impressed with the food and enjoyed the atmosphere.  To be clear - this isn't the kind of bbq place that's all about the sauce.  They don't have a plethora of sauce options.  This place is about the meat.  The sauce is a compliment to it, not a cover-up for it.  You're getting a supermodel with a little blush, not a back-alley hag covered with maybelline. I'm docking 1-star only due to price.  Not that the food wasn't excellent, but for some reason I have a hard time looking at the bill and realizing that it would have cost the same to eat at many other upscale places, but instead I got BBQ.  Damn good BBQ no doubt, but I don't know if the "upscale bbq" thing adds enough for me to warrant the extra bills or enough to make me choose this over other restaurants for my next date night.I will say this - I was really happy to finally eat somewhere where they clearly wipe down the bbq sauce bottles at the table.  You have no idea how much bbq bottle crust ruins a meal before it even starts.
<review# 872,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/17/2014,10/11/2014,580,275,5,11,10>I meet up with one of my friends from college about once per month, and we go out to eat somewhere on his work lunch break.  One of our recent lunches took us to Sonoma Grille.  It's probably one of my favorite places we have ever gone.The wait staff here is exceptionally friendly, and they want to help you find the perfect meal.  If you don't like chatty servers, this isn't your place.  However, our waiter was super helpful, and it was just his first day!  They must have some pretty fierce training.I ordered the crabcake BLT.  Crabcake, sunny side up egg, tomato, coleslaw, and bacon on a sandwich.  YES, please!  It was delicious, though a bit messy.  So if you're trying to look graceful.... Who cares?  This sandwich is worth it!I really loved the ambiance here as well.  Table cloths and cloth napkins for the win.  They also had a huge wine list if you don't have to go to work after your meal.  When I've gone past at night, this place gets crowded, especially after shows at the Benedum.  You might want to consider a reservation if possible.I can't wait to return and test out more of this menu!
<review# 873,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/21/2014,10/10/2014,44,101,2,6,3>I kept seeing it here on Yelp as a new business, and finally had the opportunity to go and check it out. Easy to find in Brookline, only about a block from Las Palmas, so the GPS lead us right to it.We were greeted by an incredibly sweet and pleasant older woman who guided we newbies through 'how it worked' and took our beverage order. I wasn't sure what to expect before walking in, but the place kind of has the feel of a renovated ice cream parlor or donut shop. Glass display cases and counter, and tables to seat maybe 20 people. Very plain and clean, no kitsch and no frills. The menu is VERY limited, and in my opinion a little pricey. They basically have ribs (pork, or you can order beef), fried chicken wings, burgers, sides, and combos of those. They offer three sauces for the meats, spicy, mild, or mustard.My friend and I both ordered the 4 bone, 8 wing and one side combo for $16 each.The wings were a little small and not very meaty, but when they first came out piping hot, the flavor was excellent. Nicely seasoned breading, and good either plain or dipped in the spicy sauce. As they cooled off, they kind of lost their charm (and the meat seemed to shrink down a bit) so they ended up in a box to come home. I chose the side of mac n cheese and my friend the sweet potato casserole, and though both portions were again a little small for the price point, they were very tasty.Then came the meat. Four ribs. This is where they caught me. I am generally not a huge rib fan because even though they may be delicious and the sauces creatively conjured, there is usually just not enough meat to warrant the price or to fill me up. That was NOT the case here. The ribs were VERY meaty, tender and beautifully cooked, and the spicy sauce was an excellent topper. I can eat spicy sauce that would burn off the faces of most who cringe at the thought of a jalapeno, and for me this was somewhere in between. It did not burn MY tongue, but did kick my sinuses into heavy flow. So if you feel that a single red pepper flake is the end of the world, you might want to go with the mild - but if you REALLY like it spicy hot, you might find this spicy to be mild. My spice gauge found it more toward mild, but it was definitely filled with flavor, and did have a light kick.Our server was perfect. She kind of made you feel like you'd been invited to the party by a friend of her family, and she was going to make sure you enjoyed yourself and felt at home. And she really did. I've giving four of the five stars basically for the pricing. Had the chicken wings been a bit meatier, they might have not seemed so off at about $1 each. The mac n cheese could have also been a half spoonful bigger to make it seem a little more 'wow'. The final bill for the two combos and two sodas came to about $35, and I generally cringe at that price tag in a big bloated atmosphere driven hyped bistroid. This was kind of a somewhat fast food atmosphere with that price ticket.I was very curious why they only have fried chicken WINGS, and not full fried chicken. With their seasoning and some actual chicken thighs and legs, a side of home made mashed taters...mmmmmmmm. I'm not sure that I would become a regular, but when I'm in the mood for good ribs, this would definitely be the first place I think of. But I might just stick to a slab or half slab, instead of playing with the sides.It's definitely a nice addition to an already unique and eclectic neighborhood strip.
<review# 874,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/31/2014,10/9/2014,25,81,3,5,4>We have been talking for quiet a while to visit this place but we decided to do so on a Saturday afternoon on the spot.  The place is very nice and has all the potential to give you a nice and relaxing experience.  The options are many.  You can bring your own snacks/food and get some bottles of wine from the winery to pick nick for free on their premises (many times while listening to a live band entertaining the crowd) or you can dine with their restaurant.  We did the latter after tasting their wine (you can taste up to three wines for free).  We sat outside which is nice - unless if it is super hot and the sun is blasting on you :) There are many options on the menu, mainly Italian dishes.  The steak salad and the margarheta pizza that we tried were tasty.  Nothing fancy though.  I have to say that the service was a bit slow (and the place was not even crowded when we went) even though our waiting stuff was really helpful whenever we asked for something.  On the positives of the place is that you can order a bottle of wine at the price they normally sell it and you can take whatever is left home.  They also have a small "gift" shop to buy wine-related things. All-in-all I think it is a nice way to spend your day; nice atmosphere, nice people and good food! I will definitely be going back!
<review# 875,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/31/2014,10/8/2014,45,257,1,6,7>Finally I don't have to cross a bridge to get my whiskey!  Imagine all the wondrous beauty of Wigle Whiskey but in a fresh, open space.  That, my friends, is the Whiskey Garden.  All of Wigle's creations are available for sale and sampling along with a few signature cocktails.  Today I went for the Duke of Earl - rye whiskey, earl grey tea and lemon - a refreshing drink best enjoyed at a picnic table outside on such a sunny day.As I enjoyed my cocktail, I was shown the innovation room where new ideas blossom.  I was told how they plan to use the basement of the old produce house to see how their whiskey develops under different temperatures.  The space itself has been beautifully renovated.  Wigle takes pride in making the community part of their success.  I know volunteers were recruited to work on the lovely new outside garden and their dedication has created a great space.  I enjoy seeing a successful local business take root and embrace the neighborhood in such a positive way.  Have I mentioned I love this city?
<review# 876,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/6/2014,10/7/2014,17,56,2,5,5>Hey kids, looking for a place to spend your allowance on cool stuff while shopping in Robinson Twp? Then this is the place for you. In fact, this Half Price Books is golden. I'm a regular here and I have been to my share of book warehouses, used book stores, and other Half Price Books stores, and this one gets the Big J Seal of Approval.I really like the used CD section here. They have a nice selection of vinyl as well (including new as well as used LPs), but I have yet to delve back into the world of the 33 1/3, seeing how I mostly gave that up by the late '80s. Still, if I ever do go that way once more, I will undoubtedly buy some rekkids here. But anyway, back to the CDs. It's not a huge nor a vast selection, but I do usually wind up walking out with at least five discs every time I go in. Between the regular priced used stuff and the dollar clearance section, I have found lots of treasure in there. Why, just today I picked up some NRBQ and a '60s psych compilation featuring over 20 tracks from bands located in Illinois. Too hip for even the hipsters, dudes!Half Price also has a really, really good used DVD section as well. Like the music section, I've bought tons of movies and TV shows on DVD here. All the stuff is nicely alphabetized and easy to peruse. And, also like the CD section, there's a whole big clearance area as well. Today I got GREASE 2, one of the greatest terrible movies of all time! How could anyone have gotten rid of it? Whatt he heck ever happened to Maxwell Caulfield? I'm too lazy to look it up on Wikipedia, so I'll just continue to wonder. What about the books? Holy, wow! Lots of great books here. One of my faves is a copy of the Led Zep tome Shadows Taller Than Our Souls. I had been looking for it for a while, as my former GP clued me in to it during a visit to the office when I had one of my kidney stone episodes. He said it was great! It really is! And it was HALF PRICE, just like the store's name says it would be, like it should be. There's all sorts of extra goodies in the book, like facsimiles of papers and business cards and stuff that you can pull out and pretend like YOU WERE THERE.So yes, a ton of great books in all genres, including a section of first editions and really old dusty things that everyone's grandma has lying around the house just waiting to be set free into the world of used book stores. There are also puzzles and video games, stuff for your tablets and smartphones, groovy little rock and roll and pop culture knick knacks, not terribly old magazines, USB turntables, a decent selection of comic books, some Dr. Who and Minecraft goodness, and lots more. I can spend a good hour or so easily just browsing through it all.The staff is friendly and they know what they're doing. You can sell your old books and music and movies to them so I can buy them at a later time. I haven't personally done any selling to them, so I'm not sure how great the rates are, but I would imagine they'd be on par with other places. The point is, this Half Price Books is a great place to shop. Many gems to be discovered, or rediscovered here. Rainy days and Mondays never get me down anymore.
<review# 877,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/30/2014,10/6/2014,13,79,9,8,7>If you are what you eat, I would be cake.  I love cake. I dream about cake. I wish that cake was a real person so that we could be friends.So, needless to say, when a new bakery opens up nearby, I consider it a personal mission to beeline there to sample their offerings. This cute little gem of a shop opened up at the time I was living in Squirrel Hill, and oh baby, am I glad they did.The Cake & Cookie Spot does not disappoint. Their cakes are moist and flavorful with creamy, fluffy, sweet-but-not-too-sweet frosting.  In particular, I really love their classic birthday cake flavor (vanilla cake with vanilla frosting) and their peanut butter cup (chocolate cake with peanut butter frosting) -- but really, all of the flavors that I've tried have been amazing (s'mores, red velvet, oreo, lemon, boston cream, double chocolate, the list goes on and on!)And how cute and brilliant are their cake shots?! They serve their cake in a way that helps control portion size for this fatty AND ensures that I don't end up with a chest full of cake crumbs and frosting smudged all over my mouth a'la traditional messy cupcake-eating methodology. Score!Oh, and even though I am totally a cake monster, I have sampled their cookies as well and those are damn tasty too. They are huge, chewy, and loaded with goodies -- try their ultimate chocolate chip or the Reese's peanut butter cookie. YUM!Even though I don't live in Squirrel Hill anymore, when I get a hankering for cake (which is, um, pretty much all day, every day), I hop in the car and make the 10 minute drive back over to my old 'hood to get me some Cake & Cookie Spot. They are worth it!Overall, two frosting-covered thumbs up!!
<review# 878,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/15/2014,10/5/2014,11,42,3,4,4>For many restaurants, whether I like it or no really depends on what I order. Since I came here with a friend who loves this place, I got some great recommendations. I had Ka-Prao with pork. The portion was huge. I couldn't finish it and took the leftover as lunch the next day. The dish has some kind of smoky flavor which I really like. I mix the bowl of rice with the dish and it was tasty. I also tried my friends' red curry and Thai fried suki. I love both of them. The red curry was creamy and kind of heavy. The Thai fried suki was sour and spicy, a interesting but good combination. The chicken in the suki was super tender. They are pretty good for 10 bucks.
<review# 879,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/7/2013,9/30/2013,4,33,,18,3>Gaby et Jules is a great French boulangerie and patisserie. Note that I didn't say "French-style" or "French-theme." No, this is the real deal or rather très authentique! My wife and I lived for a couple of years in France and frequented local neighborhood/village stores for bread and tasty pastry treats. This place is exactly what you'd expect to find tucked away on a chic little side street in Paris or on the fancy main street of the nicer villages and towns of France.Gaby et Jules has perfectly replicated the in-store experience and, most importantly, the taste and quality of the products. We tried a baguette (which was about half-eaten by the time we had walked the 10-minute walk home!), croissant, and a pastry called Paris-Brest (a circular choux pastry, sort of in the shape of a donut, with hazelnut cream sandwiched in between). Everything was delicious and authentic.The service was good. Efficiency is what you want in a busy store like this, and the staff moved things along quickly, even though other customers seemed to have many questions that needed to be answered.Perhaps the coolest part of the experience is looking through the large glass panels to the kitchen where the head pastry chef (a French guy who has worked at some of the best patisserie in Paris) and his team are hard at work. This is a great addition to Squirrel Hill. The best part is that it isn't an American bakery pretending to be French with substandard products. This is the real deal. Think what you will of the French and their often peculiar ways, but they do know how to make a great baguette (and macaron, croissant, etc, etc). Having something like this in Pittsburgh is great to see. Merci beaucoup Lori et Frédéric
<review# 880,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/9/2013,9/29/2013,57,168,,4,3>You won't believe how good this museum is! If you are thinking, "natural history, ugh, boring," you could NOT be more WRONG. This is a world-class museum with days worth of stuff to see.Also, this museum is not just for adults. There are three wonderful areas just for kids:1. Bonehunters Quarry 2. Discovery Basecamp -- my daughter LOVES this one. Boxes to "hunt through" and touch.3. Discovery Carts & Exploration Stations (Wed-Sun only; check the guide for the schedule)The "Dinosaurs in our Time" is simply amazing. Minerals, stones, and gems are also awesome.Enough talk...Just go and see for yourself!P.S. Museum of Art is in the same building and Main library is right next door.
<review# 881,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/23/2013,9/28/2013,30,115,,4,2>I've been here a bunch of times, and my experience on a Saturday night didn't let me down!We were lucky enough to snag a reservation for immediately following the Mt. Lebo BrewFest 2013, held across the street behind PNC Bank and the Saloon. (which was also a lot of fun, even in the rain!)We grabbed quick drinks and apps at Walnut Grill before heading over.The food was again fantastic.... This time the Salmon was plentiful and tasty, and the rack of lamb was to die for.  I asked for it to be cooked medium, and it came out somewhere between medium-rare and medium, but it was awesome!The delivery of the food was somewhat slow, as usual, but it was worth the wait.  Read my earlier reviews for more details.This place is BYOB and make sure to get a reservation!  Parking is available in the nearby garage across from Rolliers Hardware.
<review# 882,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/31/2013,9/27/2013,540,698,2,5,4>*walks in, sets down soapbox, steps upon soapbox, clears throat*  For all those people that kindly wrote a review on this place solely because you watched an episode of DDD, maybe you should have ordered exactly what was shown on the show and then left it at that.  If you are going to come here because of the show, then do exactly what they did on the show and leave it at that.  Don't bring down the whole place because what you ordered didn't look/taste like what was served on the show.  *steps down and removes the soapbox*Now, since that is out of the way, let me move forward.Yes, this place is a little offsetting with the way it looks.  It's a bit divey on the inside, well maybe more than a bit divey on the inside.  That is exactly what gives this place character.  It gives you the feel that you are in someones home from the 70s.  TVs are around the place, tacky pictures and mirrors line the walls, and the chairs are mismatched.  The servers kind of blend in a bit making it feel 70s more so.  The menu, even though it looks small, takes a bit to look over.  Be sure to look it over as well, you may pass up something that you really want.  I opted for the open face turkey sandwich with fries.  I was expecting to get a moderate amount of food as you do at other places, and I was fine by that.  What I got on the other hand surely surprised me.  When I saw the size of the plate, I was shocked.  It was the size of a small platter, and the whole thing was covered in food.  Two thick slices of bread, toasted and then topped with a heaping pile of turkey and then covered with gravy.  And the fries, oh my god, the fries.  They are fresh cut, on the smaller size, but still amazing.  The gravy also topped these.  It took me some time and determination, but I downed it all.For two meals, it cost us under $20.  A meal of this caliber at any other place would definitely cost us more.  Big Jim's is definitely worth getting lost in Greenfield to find a good meal.*Take out available with a fee.
<review# 883,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/4/2013,9/26/2013,48,142,,7,3>I absolutely love this place and am so happy that it has come to Lawrenceville.  The brewers, in addition to being really nice people, are clearly talented.  Steve has worked at many breweries around the world, including Firestone Walker, one of my west coast favorites.  He also won the 2012 Large Brewpub Brewer of the Year at the Great American Beer Festival for his work at Church Brew Works!  This guy is no joke!  And it DEFINITELY shows in the quality of Roundabout's beer.The brewery is a beautiful inside and out, with intricate iron trees at the doorway (from the building's ironwork studio days) and a clean, modern space inside.  They are happy to pour you complimentary tastings of all the beers on tap and currently sell growlers of them.  Once they get licensed, they'll be able to serve pints and offer seating.  My favorites so far have been the Hy-PA, the Ginga Wheat, and the Black Possum.  I was very pleasantly surprised by the Ginga Wheat, because I typically do not even like wheat beers!  I have a feeling that this brewery may change my opinion about many styles of beer that I typically would never touch.Keep an eye out for their Higher-PA, which is supposed to be released this week.  They let my boyfriend have a preview taste of the beer in its uncarbonated stage, and he said it was (and is going to be) awesome!It's cool that there are many promising new microbreweries that have opened recently, or are slated to open soon, in the Lawrenceville/Millvale area, but my eyes are on Roundabout.  They have some of the best locally-brewed beer I've tasted in awhile!
<review# 884,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/21/2013,9/24/2013,46,89,,2,2>I've been to three of the Sharp Edge locations. They are all equally good. I haven't noticed that this location had prices that were higher than the others like some other reviewers have suggested. It's a little high compared to your typical wings and pizza joint, but I'd consider Sharp Edge a few steps above your typical wing and pizza place, so I'd expect the prices to reflect that. My favorite menu items are the boneless wings, frites, and at the East Liberty location, they have fried tofu which is to die for. I wish all of the locations included the tofu on their menus. I've had friends who have tried the sandwiches and enjoyed them as well.I'm not a beer drinker, but they also have a large selection as far as beverages go.I'd definitely recommend Sharp Edge to friends.
<review# 885,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/4/2013,9/23/2013,84,195,6,5,5>Went here with my friend to get a sugar waffle with Speculoos and cinnamon ice cream.The first thing that hits your face is the heavy scent of fried sugary dough.  The size of the restaurant is very small but the service was fast and there was enough seating for everyone who wanted to quickly eat their waffle.  The waffle itself was the best waffle I had ever had in the Pittsburgh area.  It was well worth the 6+ dollars and they have a digital frequency card so you get a free waffle with every 10th purchase. Yes, 10th. It sounds ridiculous, but I believe I'd come here 10 times within the next month. Hello diabetes.
<review# 886,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/3/2013,9/22/2013,94,114,2,5,2>I was so happy when I found myself at a Pirates game during the week recently and realized that Sinful Sweets was only a walk away. I've heard such good things about this place and I couldn't have been happier. The highlight: Everything, really. But in all honesty, it seems they've made a name for themselves with their chocolate covered bacon. The chocolate and bacon both seem to be of excellent quality, which really work well when they're combined. I also recommend their cake pops and truffles. You can't go wrong with this place. I just wanted one treat and walked out with a whole bag!
<review# 887,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/25/2013,9/21/2013,100,282,2,3,3>I know there's always a debate as to which burger is the best in town...my pick, Burgatory!  Juicy, flavorful, and cooked perfectly!  It's not the closest to me, but it's definitely worth the drive to go to Burgatory.  The setup is well done too!  Sometimes there can be a line, but their wait list system allows you to leave a number and shop while you wait!  And when it's time to order, they have an order sheet that allows you to select and document whatever your heart desires!There's also a decent happy hour selection, but really, I'm there for the burger!
<review# 888,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/15/2013,9/20/2013,183,180,3,12,6>There's no rave I can make that hasn't been made here already. BUT, the accolades bear repeating. Get to Gaucho and get yourself the best beef in the 'Burgh! Bar none. Holy cow (pun not originally intended, but okay, I'll roll with it), this place is amazing!In the mood for a steak sandwich? Well, what kind? Your choice of flank steak, skirt steak, ribeye, strip or filet? Or how about chicken? Or shrimp? Chorizo your thing? Or possibly the fish of the day? All piled high on a HUGE ciabatta-style bread with your choice of toppings..and sauces. Chimichurri, pimienton, garlic...I can't remember what the other one is. Want some grilled veggies on that? There are too many to list...just ask for what you want, chances are they'll have it.Going light and want a salad instead? I had the Gaucho salad with the skirt steak, grilled tomatoes, carrot, avocado, asparagus and roasted corn all piled high on fresh, beautiful greens. Or maybe you'd prefer the Argentino with roasted potatoes and portobellos?Get ready for sides of corn on the cob roasted in the husk over the wood-fired grill. Oh! All the meats and proteins are grilled over wood that you'll see stacked in the back and in the front under some of the counters. That's part of the secret of the flavor!Desserts, too, are pretty darn special.Not much seating, but there are a few stool and counters inside and a few tables outside. Get there while the weather is beautiful...come to think of it, it might still be worth it sitting in 32 degree weather in your parka just to savor the flavor of smoky summer-ish goodness!
<review# 889,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/31/2011,7/5/2011,2678,1419,13,16,14>'Twas a centimeter after 8PM. Sweet Lady Kay had just picked me up from work in Lawrenceville so we could both catch Holy Grail and 3 Inches of Blood at Altar Bar. It was a gamble; I didn't want to use any paid time off since the show didn't start until 7 but still wanted to see the main 2 acts. Alas, Kay was hungry, and when Kay's hungry, all of Creation is in danger. My stomach was equally raging. This much was certain: We both needed to be fed. With luck on our side, as we turned in our tickets in exchange for wristbands at Altar, we found out  that there were 2 opening acts to go before the 2 principals. The magical hot dog cart which is often outside of Altar was nowhere in sight. I had counted on it. Curses! The frank-peddlers must have taken the night off or were working elsewhere. McDonald's is never an option. I don't care how cheap and convenient they are. So are prostitutes. Do cats avoid water? I espied a sign that said VIETNAM'S PHO. With nary a further thought, I grabbed Kay by the hand and ran across the street with her to this godsend of an eatery.We walked in and the first thing we saw were 2 fellow metallions dining, so we already felt reassured that we would encounter no bumps in the road during our night out. The owner (?) came out, greeted us warmly and seated us promptly in a booth, not seeming to mind my deep red and black heavy metal concert t-shirt. I stuck out like Ron Paul at a Workers World Party rally, but regardless of the classy interiors, it is a casual dress establishment. Kay and I needed to dine fast, something I hate having to do. Both of us scanned the menu quickly. I had been wanting to try pho since people around Yelp won't shut the frack up about it, but my bladder just wasn't cool with me guzzling down 12 ounces of soup in a short amount of time, so...I pointed at menu item # 15: Bun Dac Biet. Kay picked #16: Bun Cha Gio. I was rewarded for my hasty decision with a groovy jumble of beef chunks, shrimp, lettuce, cucumber, carrot, noodles, spring rolls, and some sort of sweet/sour collusion (collision?) of a dressing that tasted like a vinaigrette. It was an unexpectedly delectable salmagundi of salad, appetizer, and entree that I wish could have lasted all night. An ace ensemble of a dish, the situation at hand unfortunately forced me to gormandize the poor thing, but it was a brief fling that I relished as I would a long-term affair. Kay's meal was very similar to mine. She saved those first-rate spring rolls that were also included in her bowl for last so she could dip them into the dressing that collected in the bottom after everything else was eaten. Watching her do so was a delight in itself. I like to watch my girl eat for some bizarre reason. Fetish? You tell me. I THINK I have finally achieved a sort of competence with chopsticks. The key lies in clearing your mind while you're using them and training the muscles in your fingers to do things they aren't used to doing. My circumstances this evening caused me to learn something I never thought I'd be able to do at all; the equivalent of having to hang glide from a cliff to dodge a stampede of dinosaurs.  We got our check ($22), paid it, and hustled back across the street to Altar in time to catch the back half of the 3rd opener's set, our bellies warm and full, our ears ringing, our heads banging, the rest of our concert night saved. Whew!P.S. Vietnam's Pho is obviously endorsed by Hollywood big shot Russell Crowe. I nearly forgot to mention that a candid picture of him can be seen on the wall as you enter.
<review# 890,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/18/2011,7/4/2011,1891,388,3,15,13>Really good authentic Creole Food! In August of 2005 Hurricane Katrina devastated the Gulf Coast creating over $80 billion worth of damages. Laurel Turner, her daughter Kizzy, and son in law Marvin Hatcher were among other families that were displaced and relocated to the Pittsburgh area. Laurel Turner appreciates the generosity and support she and her family received when she arrived. For this reason, Laurel and her family wanted to give back to the Pittsburgh area by establishing The Taste Of New Orleans restaurant. The space is small and colorful with bright red and green painted walls with Mardi Gras masks and colorful beads hanging as decoration. There are a couple of benches to sit on while you wait on your to go order. There are a couple of tables and chairs and a TV if you do want to eat at the restaurant. We got our food to go. The food takes a while, about 20 to 25 minutes as everything is cooked to order so if your taking your food to go call ahead.  Meals are all served as platters and come with sweet cornbread and potato salad as sides with your choice of 4 wings, pork chops or catfish. Each platter also includes a choice of red beans and rice, broccoli & cheese with rice, low down dirty rice and jambalaya as a side dish. The size of the sides are huge! You will easily have food left over for lunch or dinner the next day! For $12.50 it's a bargain!My wife and I got the chicken wing patter with red beans & rice and our daughter got a pork chop, broccoli & cheese with rice and corn bread. Our wings weren't bad. I give them a 4 out of 5. We didn't care for the red beans and rice. The potato salad had the consistency of mash potatoes and was very very good. The corn bread was delicious as well. Our daughter was nice enough to let us sample her pork chop and broccoli & cheese with rice. The pork chop was huge and delicious and the broccoli & cheese with rice was outstanding! They also offer catfish sandwiches and gumbo. Desserts consist of bread pudding and fried biscuits. I just wish they had beignets! The restaurant's motto is "We Ain't Playin, We Cookin'!" and they're not lying about that!
<review# 891,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/25/2011,7/3/2011,290,116,4,7,6>Delightful, delectable, de-lovely! Driving up the street I could smell the wonderful aromas before even exiting the car! One of the best dining experiences in Pittsburgh. Walking in I soaked in the busy atmosphere and found the last seat at the bar as we waited to be sat. Pinot Please! We didn't wait long this night.For a starter I ordered the famous moules, they were out of this world! Plump, juicy, tender, and without the often found chewiness. The classic sauce consisted of white wine, shallots, garlic and light cream. I ate all the bread just to sop it up. I don't usually like to get full on filler bread but I couldn't help it. You can also have them prepared with Red curry coconut milk, lime juice, basil and cilantro or tomato saffron, and fennel broth. A-mazing!Intellectual types make the modish community. The whole place hums with wine, brews, food pouring out of the kitchen, and conversation.  It is a minimalistic design but so warm, and cozy as you sit at the candle lit mosaic tables in the huge storefront windows. The twinkling lights in the trees and the starry night seem massive outside, so European. They have more seating such as booths and other tables in the back but I loved where we were placed!My entree came out steaming as I fluffed the perfectly cooked noodles. I decided on the ragu bolognese since I had been craving it from HB's E2 dinner choice awhile back. A rich ragu made of beef, pork, and sweet sausage braised in red wine and herbs had my mouth singing! It's watering so bad right now as I close my eyes and remember it. Oh dang! fasting sucks right now! I had a large to go since I had eaten the bread but I was happy for the lunch a day later. I can't wait to visit again and again.
<review# 892,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/17/2011,7/2/2011,164,58,2,5,9>I have an almost three-year-old cat named Jack that I spoil as if he were my son. I honestly never experienced the love for and from an animal until I adopted Jack from an Animal Rescue League. It was one of the best decisions I've ever made.The shelter is great and I'll probably get another cat in the near future. Check this location out!
<review# 893,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/4/2011,7/1/2011,40,4,5,9,8>I like side streets.I like locals.I like Monterey Pub.If you are hanging out on the North Shore, it's great to take a step back away from the river and take a walk around the Mexican War Streets.I live here, so I might be a little bit biased, but the row houses and trees make for a pretty good Saturday walk.  There are a few good places to settle down and eat, drink and otherwise be merry...but I really like Monterey Pub.Monterey is a legit Irish pub.  They've got Irish Beef Boxty, Salmon Boxty, Sheheard's Pie, broiled fish.  If you aren't feeling adventurous, Monterey Pub knocks their hamburgers out of the park.They are good.  Real good. The Monterey Patty Melt? Yes, please.Monterey Pub isn't really a place to party, thankfully.  It's a neighborhood bar with good food and great people.  It's a place to pull up a stool, fill up a frosty glass and get down to talking with your friends.I think we all need a few more places like this to get away, put down our phones, forget about our work and grow closer to our friends.Monterey -- sure.  Let's go.
<review# 894,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/24/2011,6/30/2011,26,16,3,8,6>Two words: forget Pamela's. Now, as a native Pittsburgher, I understand both the deliciousness and the cult following of Pamela's. I love that they have expanded, and they have their place in the breakfast space. But, Eggs N'at is better. Hands down.The cheese may stand alone on this one, but I submit that until you head west to this adorably folksy and TINY breakfast nook that is Eggs N'at, you have no room to talk. I have dreams about this place, specifically the BLT Egg Burrito. The pancakes are fluffy and the breakfast kielbasa is just the thing to get your weekend started right.Eggs N'at is in a tiny house with a really awkward sloped parking lot out back (the only downside in my book), and it's fun to sit at the counter and peek into the kitchen. The cooks make magic in a space that is no bigger than a twin bed. Their collection of funny and local (Kennywood and RMU) coffee mugs that look like they were randomly pulled out of your grandmother's cabinet will make you feel right at home, especially because of the friendly locals serving you.In adition to the delicious food, which you simply must try, their t-shirts are hilarious. Bring $10 in cash because you won't want to walk out of here without buying one for yourself. My personal favorite says "Gitadda Tahn." True yinzer love here, people.
<review# 895,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/2/2010,6/29/2011,235,192,5,8,5>It's a good time!do *not* expect Disney or 6 Flags' Corporate look or feel.  That's not what this park is all about!Its a great park because of its TRADITIONAL amusement park persona.PROS:Wooden Roller Coaster!  (Jackrabbit & Thunderbolt)Potato Patch Fries  (w/ Cheese or Gravy = Nomnomnom!)Funnel CakesLooking @ dumb people with Fannypacks!!!CONS:its an aging park, therefore a bit dirtyentrance fee is waaaaaaaaaay outa-line("Funday Pass" which is a ride all day pass for $35.99)They completely screwed up the Old Mill (and now its a *little* kids' ride)3 WISHES:1.)  They'd make more "Dark Rides" (i miss the "haunted" types like Le Cachot, the Goldrush (I wonder what they did with that big Spider from the ceiling in there??) and the Original Old Mill.       [laffinthedark.com/articl2.)  I wish that the Train was like it was when I was a kid!  It had funny characters all through the ride.  It was a funny ride and now its historic.3.)  Lower the prices a tad--Kennywood will get its money one way or another, it wouldn't kill them to make that entrance fee a bit more reasonable!!!If you're in the area, you should check it out; it is worth the trip at least every couple of years.TIP:If you're an adult, go after 5!They have what's called the "Night Rider Pass" and if you go after 5, you can get in for  $20.99.This still gives the average adult plenty of time to ride some of your faves, grab some fries and get outa there!   ;)KENNYWOOD.COM                [kennywood.com/]
<review# 896,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/3/2011,6/28/2011,167,215,8,7,5>Oh. My God. Drop every single thing you're doing right now and go to Salt of the Earth. Go ahead, I'll wait. Go eat there, then come back and give this review a big ol' "Useful" (I also accept gifts) for leading you to the best restaurant in Pittsburgh. The surroundings are modern and warm, and the waitstaff is friendly, professional and knowledgable. The food is conscientious, complex, delicious, quality, and surprisingly reasonably priced. When I went, none of the entrees were more than $25, and the portions are perfect.  I was really afraid this was going to be a fancy $40, 2oz fillet with celery foam pretentious place, and it was the total opposite. The menu is written on a giant chalk board, and you can also download it to your phone if you want to read it in hand. There's a set of specialty cocktails, wines by the glass and bottle and beer for libations. The appetizers are big enough to share, and are all around $10. Get the cockscombs. Yep, that weird thing on the top of a chicken's head. Get it. Eat it. Love it. Get dessert too. Goat cheese ice cream with raw honey, crushed pistachios, and lavendar-infused white chocolate-- how you gonna say no?? Finally, they have the chemical symbol for salt on their exterior. Nerds rejoice!
<review# 897,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/23/2010,6/27/2011,84,493,3,3,4>To speak ill of D's would be blasphemy to any true Pittsburgher. It really doesn't get much better if you're in the mood for pub grub. Pizza is awesome, the fries are amazing - I'm going to go as far as saying better than Potato Patch - they are so crispy and not swimming in grease! What is their magic method? The burgers and dogz - all gluttonous goodies and you can get them all veggie style. If you're watching your waist line you may want to skip this place...but I say go ahead and treat yourself! Oh! And did I mention the beer selection isn't too shabby? Watermelon beer in the summer...mouth watering.
<review# 898,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/1/2011,6/26/2011,183,180,1,8,6>Delightful.  That's the word that comes to mind.  From the first step in the door with the welcoming fireplace and soaring ceilings, to the soothing sage greens and wood, to the inlaid tables, to the professional and friendly service, to the exquisite food.  Five celebrated a special occasion together this afternoon....Eleven made it even more special.We started off with the roasted beet, Belgian endive, Maytag blue cheese, hazelnut salad.  It was beautiful!  Gorgeous jewels of golden and ruby beets sprinkled with soft, salty and sharp bleu cheese, crisp, crunchy endive, sweet hazelnuts, lovely apples and a drizzle of molasses vinaigrette started us off beautifully.  Entrees....well, 4 out of 5 voted for the strip steak salad and all raved about the beef!  I opted for the lobster roll sans the roll, please.  Beautiful mesclun, which I understand was the first of the season and locally grown, was piled high with succulent chunks of Maine lobster dressed with a fresh lemony vinaigrette.  The lobster had been cooked perfectly...tender and sweet.  Absolutely heaven.  Oh!  And the housemade, fat dill pickle rocked.  Mmmmmhhhmmm.On to dessert.  We were a little more diverse in dessert selection, but only marginally.  3 out of 5 ordered the molten lava cakes that were accompanied by hazelnut ice cream - housemade, of course!  All three wore happy little chocolate smiles the rest of the day.  Our 4th was all smiles over the apple crumble pie with roasted cinnamon ice cream and I....well, of course I had the creme brulee.  In this case it was pumpkin creme brulee.  Warm, toasty spices infused the lovely, soft custard with that gorgeous, crunch of bruleed sugar on top.  I do love a good creme brulee....this ranked right up there with the best.A round of coffee and those adorable little macaroons brought to the table left us all happy as clams.  Delightful.
<review# 899,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/15/2012,3/25/2012,183,180,6,11,11>Mexico City?  The one on Smithfield Street?  It has a new name and a new menu!  If you're a fan of that location - and I am(!) - you'll be happy to know that the same wonderful, AUTHENTIC (yes, I said it!)  Mexican cuisine is on the menu....and more authentic Mexican dishes have been added.Vicky has been the talent behind the kitchen for a while now. She and her husband have expanded the menu, added a choice of American OR Mexican-style preparations and upped the presentation.  Did you know she makes each and every tortilla herself?  Some of my dining companions got their old favorites and were as pleased as always - we are REGULAR customers.  One caution...be sure to specify Mexican-style or you may get American.  I tried the chilaquiles with fried eggs....the mildly spicy tomato sauce on top of crisp tortilla chips topped with beans, cheese and onion was a good way to chase away the cold and snow blowing past the windows outside!  The only suggestion would be to ditch the onion rings - pretty, but useless - and just sprinkle some chopped onion across the top instead.  Saves a lot of work for the diner.  Go check out the new menu...and congratulate Vicky on the recognition she so deserves!!
<review# 900,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/6/2012,3/24/2012,35,50,1,6,3>Wow. Just wow.The reviews were rave...and this place had been on my list for awhile, and the wait was beyond worth it.A friend and I headed there before a movie at the waterfront.  We immediately wanted to try everything.The staff was soooo nice, welcoming and helpful.We had the Fritopie.  Amazingness.  Piles of fritos with heaven on top. Between the two of us we had the pork taco, the breakfast taco, and the short rib tacos.  Wow.  Each one better than the one before it.  BUT - I am dreaming of the pork taco, it haunts me at night - beckoning me to return.They were out of the chorizo and the brisket.  The potential of those alone - is enough reason to head back.The sides were also great - Mac and Cheese. Amazing. Next time want to try it with the chili added. The jalapeno apple slaw had a nice bite, but was fresh compliment to the tacos.The beans were also great (but hey - they're beans...to even mention them means they were great).It's byob, very casual, only a few seats.  As this place grows - I would assume it will be harder to get a seat.  Next time I'm planning on a take-out feast.Hopefully tonight.
<review# 901,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/11/2012,3/23/2012,3076,78,6,15,12>Inside the Rivers Casino there are several restaurants, Andrew's Steakhouse being the 'High-End" restaurant among them. We have been here oh, I'll just say numerous times, including fourth of July to eat and watch the fireworks. How do you see the fireworks, well the backside of the restaurant is all floor to ceiling windows looking out over, across, up and down the river. Also there is a backside patio dining area under cover but with outstanding views including up the Mt. Washington hillside. In this warm months this is a very pleasant or even perhaps an outstanding al fresco dining scene.So what do I like best here; the food and views.And the least, a bit noisy from the casino and intermittently slow service.Our usual starting place would be the Bluepoint oysters on the half shell, which are always nicely presented and tasting fresh out of the water. They are accompanied by Cocktail sauce, Mignonette, and Horseradish sauce. Some of our other favorite starters are the French Onion Soup with Applejack Brandy, and Calamari which is served with Lemon Aioli and Arrabbiata sauce dipping which has a nice complexity and heat to it. The Calamari is delicious and very tender.We alternate between the salads all of which are pretty good. I especially enjoy the beet salad. This has read and yellow roasted baby beets, with goat cheese, frisee and arugula and a Sherry vinegar reduction. These flavors all work together so nicely.So far, we have not tried the seafood, chicken or burgers. But the Steaks, Prime rib and the Lamb are what we are drawn to.The Bone In Ribeye done medium rare is just bursting with flavor and practically melts in your mouth. This is an outstanding steak, one which I come back for often.Linda loves the Rack of Lamb. This Lamb is mild, tender, beautifully prepared and very delicious for you lamb lovers. We have had Lamb all over the country and this stands up to the best we have had including Jamison Farms (actually from here in Latrobe, but served around the country in the best restaurants, and Elysian Fields (also local to Green county and served in around the United States). Example, Thomas Keller famed Chef of the French Laundry in California serves Pennsylvania Lamb.One other item worthy of note, there is a very great bar in here with seating and several High-top tables. Overall this is a very good choice if you are seeking the high-end steakhouse kind of dinner and experience. I think the Ribeye here might be the best int he city.
<review# 902,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/8/2012,3/22/2012,4,33,1,4,3>I thought I'd wait a little while to review SSHD. I felt that I needed to sample a few menu items before drawing a conclusion (in other words, I gave myself license to visit a few times in close succession). This place is fantastic. It will be the go-to Saturday afternoon spot on warm days. If only they served beer!I've tried the chili dog, house dog, and hawaiian dog. Plus the duck fat fries. Oh yes, the duck fat fries. The dogs are very tasty. You have the feeling you're eating quality beef - not some random, mysterious "meat product." My favorite hands down is the hawaiian dog. The dainty (yes, dainty) pineapple salsa and bacon bits make this a winner. Salty and sweet. The other dogs are great too. For those who like it simple go for the house dog. Also go for the house dog if you like to customize because you can add a lot of condiments to it if so desired.The duck fat fries everyone talks about are most likely the best fries you will ever have. Service is fast and friendly. This is a fast food joint (with really great food), so don't expect wonders on the service front. But do expect friendly and sincere.
<review# 903,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/5/2012,3/21/2012,757,406,2,3,3>Oh by golly there are so few reviews!!! This place rocks, flat out hands down rocks. It's great for little kids and big kids, planning family trips can often be a challenge. Especially when you have kids who are not close in age,  well this museum solves that problem .There are also craft tables normally set up in the corridor  between the history museum and art museum. Every year they do an art in bloom exhibit which I love!!!  Where local florist will make arrangements to go a long with different paintings or sculptures on exhibit, I've never seen anything like it before. If you receive public assistance you can get $1.00 admission for up to 4 people, and if you have a family member or friend who does TELL THEM, that is really a measure of good faith on behalf of the Carnegie Museum.
<review# 904,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/7/2012,3/20/2012,77,101,2,5,4>I will admit. The name drew me in. And the promise of gourmet cupcakes. This little out of the way cupcake-ery is worth stopping by. So far we've tried the Red Velvet and the Pilla' Top (a s'mores type cupcake, chocolate cake with a marshmallow fluff type icing pilled high with a bit of gram cracker and Hershey's chocolate for garnish!) These were devoured by my happy family. Tomorrow is a lime coconut one and a chocolate banana carmel one.I LOVE the funny Pittsburghese named cupcakes. I only wish there were a description on their website of what each is. According to their website you can make a specialty order if you buy a dozen and give the 24 hr notice. Will do!Also, if you want selection: ARRIVE EARLY! I got there at 3:30 and left with some of the last cupcakes. The staff (I think I met the owner and her daughter) were super nice and seemed a little over whelmed with their success. Keep on baking! I'll be back!
<review# 905,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/12/2012,3/19/2012,102,290,1,6,4>After trudging along the back roads of Monroeville, not knowing if we were going the right direction, we arrived at what is Udipi Cafe, perched on a slight hill, and were greeted by a stunning man with a crop of thick hair in a long mushroom haircut and thick mustache. This was off to a great start.We sat down at a basic brown table and with Udipi's sparse decorations and dim decor we felt like we were in a cafeteria. But nonetheless the place was hopping. As we had no clue what to order, I had look to Serena R for recommendations and we ordered everything she suggested, not knowing what we had gotten ourselves into:Mango Lassi MilkshakesMedhu VadaMasala DosaiChana BaturaEverything was tasty and man a bit more spicy then I expected but delicious. The Medhu Vada (donut) was deceivingly very filling given its size. I do like the soup that accompanied though not sure how I feel about the coconut pudding. I think since there were two of us we could have just ordered the Masala Dosai or Chana Batura but I'm glad we ordered both for this tasting. We kept seeing orders of these two items coming out of the kitchen frequently. Thanks to Serena R I will be back to Udipi for some Southern Indian food again.
<review# 906,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/11/2011,3/17/2012,101,91,2,5,4>I reccomend Girasole to anyone who wants to try something different and not empty their wallets. It's the perfect date night restaurant. I've been here many times, sometimes for lunch, other times for dinner. I prefer to go there for lunch.They have a rotating menu that incorporates seasonal ingredients. For example, the fall menu has pumpkin ravioli in a sage cream sauce, whereas their summer menu features squid ink linquini in a light cream sauce with lobster. (both are delicious!)My "tried and true" at Girasole is the spinach and ricotta ravioli in a tomato cream sauce. I always end up sopping up the extra sauce with my bread. Don't judge me. Every pasta entree comes with unlimited bread and the "girasole" salad, which is topped with gorgonzola, garbanzo beans and sunflower seeds. Yum! (If you do not like onions, be sure to request to have them removed from the salad, otherwise you will be tasting them all night). All in all, Girasole is one of my favorite restaurants in town. I docked it a perfect rating because after several weekend dinner reservations, my party was ALWAYS forced to wait over an hour. I understand that at a small business, wait times can be unpredictable. But there are other small(er!) restaurants in Pittsburgh that do not have this problem. I believe that up to a thirty minute wait is acceptable. But an hour each time? No.  Either stop accepting reservations or change the way you accept patrons. This is why I really like their lunch. The prices are cheaper, the portions are absolutely perfect, and it is never crowded.
<review# 907,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/12/2011,3/16/2012,91,67,12,9,6>My fellow Yelpers, I warn you. This place is daaaangerous.I only stopped by Arsenal Cider House this past weekend for the first time. I was just planning on getting a couple growlers for my company's holiday party (which consisted of a 3-hour long bus ride to Cleveland's Fatheads flagship). It started out as an innocent attempt to get some libations I knew everyone would enjoy.I *definitely* shouldn't have underestimated the power of 8% cider! (Yes, I said 8%. That's like a fine wine.)Let's just say the growlers never actually made it to the lips of anyone else but me. Let's also just say that I'm a 5 foot 3 Asian girl with the tolerance of a teenager drinking for the first time. Let's also just say, I DRANK THE ENTIRE GROWLER OF CINNAMON CIDER. BY MYSELF. BEFORE I EVEN GOT TO CLEVELAND.Indeed that was a rough weekend, albeit a delicious one, steeped heavily in the fermented juice of apples. I warn thee, the cider goes down a little too easily and the intoxication sure sneaks up on you!Growlers here are about $20 a pop, while refills run from $13-17. I left with the cinnamon (8%) and concord grape (8.8%) and both are sickeningly good (literally). The shop itself is a little small for my taste, but the Civil War-themed decor is quite pleasant and cozy - perfect for a little holiday inebriation!
<review# 908,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/6/2012,3/15/2012,45,257,3,4,3>Hands down one of the best breakfast spots in Pittsburgh.  Okay, maybe the best.  I can't say the best for sure, though, because I haven't made my way through then entire list of breakfast places around the city.  But I'm working on it, though.  (I even have a spreadsheet.)I've had everything from the pancakes to the eggs burrito to daily specials.  I always know it's going to be delicious, I'm going to struggle to finish the portions and I will leave happy both with my meal and the bill.  I'd like to be able to recommend one thing over another, but I really can't.  Everything I've eaten at The Dor-Stop has been a great and satisfying breakfast.  The pancakes are sweet, the bacon is always crisp and I can't find anything bad to say about an omlet special that includes bologna (aka jumbo).  I guess my best recommendation has nothing to do with menu items: go on a weekday.  Weekends this place is hopping and there will likely be a wait.  Sure, it will be worth it, but if you can swing by early on a weekday you won't have to and the food will be just as good.  A friend of mine will call me now when she has to take her car to the dealership on West Liberty Avenue because she knows I will take her to the Dor-Stop.  It makes me feel all warm and fuzzy to share one of my happy places with a friend so it can be one of her happy places, too.
<review# 909,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/17/2012,7/29/2012,181,458,4,3,1>Ya know ya really can't go wrong at Armstrong's. I have only recently came here, two times in about 3 weeks because my first visit was so good that I had to make sure they weren't trying to trick me, and they were not playing games with my stomach. We came here on Mother's Day not to celebrate, because my mother is in a far away land called Milwaukee. But it was obvious that many others came here to celebrate which means only one thing to me, that this place is pretty consistent and good. Last time I had a Reuben which was pretty standard as far as my law of Reuben Sandwiches go, It had juicy corned beef, kraut, and thousand island or something along those lines served on Rye bread which is in my opinion the way a Reuben should be. The Special Lady had a Salad which was very tasty but so large that she couldn't finish it. On this visit I had a Steak Deluxe Hogie with an egg on it. I may get blasted for saying this but the contents of this samich rivaled Primanti's I just thought that the bread that Armstrong's uses shouldn't be toasted on a grill but left soft. I didn't eat desert here but from the looks of what people were eating around us the deserts looked Aaamazing... Might be worth just swinging by here to try one of those in the near future. Each time I have been in this place it was packed with people and there was a short wait, maybe 15 minutes but once we were seated the service was really fast and friendly. I highly recommend you all come here for a pretty standard quick bite to eat in the South Hills area.
<review# 910,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/1/2012,7/28/2012,50,170,1,3,3>I have been to Verde a handful of times now. I agree with some of the earlier reviews that the service was not perfect when the restaurant first opened, but I it has gotten consistently better and my last two experiences have been great. Being a huge fan of the food at Verde in general (especially the Guacamole, Tacos de Camote, and Tres Leches), I was super excited when I heard they were introducing a brunch menu on the weekends. In general, the food is a unique twist on traditional Mexican food, always surprising me with an unusual and unexpectedly pleasant combination of flavors that I would never have dreamt up on my own. The brunch menu is consistent with this theme, making it tough to narrow down the choices. In the end, I ordered the Camote Hash (sweet potato hash) and Chilaquiles (almost like a breakfast version of nachos). I was not sure I would like the Chilaquiles when I ordered it - (tortilla chips and a sunny side up egg together in one dish?) but again, I was right to trust the chefs at Verde to fuse these ingredients with an amazing poblano crema sauce into a delightful and extremely satisfying meal. Also, I highly recommend the fresh squeezed orange juice. Fresh squeezed juice is hard to find in Pittsburgh, and it is definitely worth the price (so much so that I ordered a second glass). I did not try the Brunch Bottles, but they sound perfect for a group brunch, or just a couple planning for a lazy afternoon.
<review# 911,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/21/2012,7/27/2012,64,148,2,4,4>This is hands down my favorite upscale restaurant in Pittsburgh. My boyfriend and I are regulars during their Sunday brunch and they have never disappointed. I can't comment on the service provided by the waiters and waitresses as we always sit at the bar, but the few I have chatted during a slow lunch hour with were super nice. One of the managers recognizes us because we're in there so much and he is always incredibly nice and attentive as well. The bartenders have to be my favorite people in there, though. ;) Funny, lively, and mix up some really great drinks as well. I have yet to be disappointed there.On to the food: I will admit that the first time we visited shortly after they opened I ordered a roasted chicken dish that is no longer on the menu and for good reason - it was terrible. I've had much better at other restaurants of lower scale and at home! My boyfriend wasn't much impressed with his meal, either (I forget what he ordered), and we were pretty sure we'd never come back ... until one of our friends dragged us back in. Thank God he did. I have not been disappointed since.The wagyu entree is my favorite of all the ones listed. It's so mouth-wateringly yummy. Their mussels are pretty spot on as well. I've heard people rave about the bone marrow, though I have not tried it yet (our friend ALWAYS orders that when he's in town). Their tuna tartare is also quite delicious and I love that they pair it with a seaweed salad - so good.Their cocktail and beer of the day drinks are always pretty good, at least the ones I've tried thus far. I love the atmosphere of the place and the decor. The only thing missing for me is some patio seating. Yes, I know they have that outdoor area, but that doesn't cut it for me lol. Having moved here from Florida, though, I am resigned to the fact that I may have left the days of patio/balcony seating pretty much behind, except for a few places here and there (which usually aren't very good :/). All in all, 5/5 for Meat & Potatoes for me!
<review# 912,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/30/2012,7/26/2012,11,49,3,4,3>Mainly i say its just another beer store accept for one HUGE detail which caused me to drive all the way across the city to go there.  At a high rate of speed i might add.THEY SELL MIDDLESWARTH BBQ CHIPS!Incredible.  I've never seen them in the entire western half of the state!  What a miracle!  Thank you so much Beer World!And heres the point you wonder.  Whats the big deal?  They're just BBQ chips.  And thats also the point where you veer way wrong.  These chips transcend reality to transport you to a special potato chip heaven.  Try them.  And Support Beer World for stocking them.Three cheers for Beer World:Hip Hip Horray, Hip Hip Horray, Hip Hip Horray!can you tell i love these chips?
<review# 913,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/28/2012,7/25/2012,757,406,,6,2>We ordered the 1/4 chicken with black beans and rice, I also had the fried plantain and my boyfriend had the tilapia and shrimp ceviche that was served with yams. The bill only came to $22.00   I had been wanting to eat a Chicken Latino for some time.  My expectations were high before I even looked at the menu, and Chicken Latino exceeded my expectations. My appetizer of plantains were done perfectly, and tasted as if they were made by some one who truly enjoys plantains themselves.  I ate every last morsel of food on my plate.  The chicken was delicious it came away from the bone easily and  was juicy. In hindsight I would have gotten the 1/2 order of chicken. But a 1/4 chicken and two sides is a lunch time special. The menu was roughly 20 items long.  Which in my case is always a good sign.  The smaller the menu the more honest and genuine the flavors in the food.
<review# 914,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/13/2012,7/24/2012,12,71,1,4,2>I like Trax Farm. I think it offers a ton of great services and a lot of fun. The fall is especially special at Trax Farms. I have never seen so many pumpkins in one place. The shopping of their local/homegrown and homemade items is unique and a special experience. Their apples and apple cider are to die for. I also enjoy their wine selections and wine tasting. If you have never been, stop in and see everything have to offer. Trax has a nice selection of gardening equipment and supplies, as well as a large selection of perennials. The selection of annuals is just ok. Over the past few weeks I have stopped here to pick up mulch and they had a difficult time finding someone on site to run the bobcat (or whatever machine they use to dump the mulch in the back of a truck bed).  I even called ahead one day to make sure someone was available to do it and still waited for 20 minutes or so. I don't hold that against them, as I thought their prices on bulk mulch were competitive. I do enjoy how their store front changes with the seasons and offers a beautiful selection of different items with the seasons and holidays. If there is a negative, I do think their prices on produce and food are a bit high. I am all for supporting local businesses, but I think that you can find a lot of the same items at other places for less. If you cannot make the trip out, Market District in Bethel Park sells their corn and apple cider, as well as some other items.
<review# 915,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/13/2012,7/23/2012,22,19,,4,2>I'm really late on this review, but my experience here was so good that I just had to Yelp about it!  (I also apologize in advance for the inevitable lengthy review about to be born...) After hearing good things about Kaleidoscope Cafe, I was finally able to dine here with my family and was blown away!  There was 4 of us and we went on a Friday night around 7-8ish.  The inside is so cute, decorated with paintings and artwork from local artists.  Each table has a unique painting on it - all were very cool.  There was a small crowd for a Friday night, but the restaurant is actually spacious inside and there was no wait.  Anyways, onto the food... we each ordered a different salad and a different small plate with the intentions of sharing everything, because everything looked good on the menu.  All the salads were very fresh and equally delicious.  Of the small plates, I think the fried gnocchis were my favorite, although I'm a little biased as gnocchi is one of my favorite foods, but really, I remember loving every plate.  The chicken sausage and duck cannoli were cooked to perfection and served beautifully.  After dinner, even though we were pretty stuffed, we decided to follow our momentum and try all three desserts.  Again, completely overwhelmed with how good these were!  The chef actually came out to talk to us during dessert, because he thought we were food critics (since we basically ordered half the menu between the 4 of us,) haha.  He said the poached pear is his specialty dessert and I will admit, it was delicious and served in a gourmet fashion - as all his dishes were.  The only complaint I would have is that our meal did take a long time.  (I'm  guessing because the chef/owner literally makes everything, which is awesome!)  We were not starving when we got there and had plenty of Cider from Arsenal Cider House to keep us occupied that the slowness wasn't an issue for us, but it is something I'd keep in mind before visiting.  If you haven't been to Kaleidoscope Cafe, I highly reccomment you do yourself a favor and get there!  The chef/owner was so friendly and down to earth.  You could tell and see through his food how passionate he is about his Cafe.  I'm already thinking about when/how I can go back here!
<review# 916,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/12/2012,7/22/2012,57,168,,3,1>We're season pass holders at Sandcastle. We use it as our "pool membership." Sometimes we just go to the wave pool for a few hours after work during the week. $100 is the current promo for 2 adults, and kids 3 and under get in free.We also bought the $24 parking pass. Parking is $6 so you make it up in 4 visits. We have to spend most of our time in the two kid sections which can get very crowded on the weekends, and the bigger kids do get mean and pushy sometimes. I find myself policing other people's children. Where are the parents?!?!The good news is that the park is really fun! We all have a great time whenever we go. My husband and I--and other adults who are with us, if applicable--take turns going on the slides. The fact that you can ride single and double is fun. The white and blue tubes in the middle are my favs. The new Dragon ride is meh. The line is long, and the ride is short. I'm also not such a fan of the one where you land in a pool in the middle and then get pushed by someone into another tube, but you'll just have to experience that for yourself.We also like Mon Tsunami, the wave pool. We are really strong swimmers so we just go way out into the deep end to avoid the crowds.As others have said, traffic on the bridge is slow on the weekends leading down to the Waterfront. However, I think it's been better this year than last year, I think. Everybody wants to get to the Waterfront on the weekends, not necessarily to go to Sandcastle.
<review# 917,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/6/2012,7/21/2012,330,1031,2,7,5>We went in on a early Friday night to avoid the crowds.  Too bad the place was already packed.  Even though there is no official host desk, one of the servers greeted us right away and put our name on the wait list.  And after about 20 minutes, we got a table.Our server was especially helpful and perky.  She helped me pick a martini and helped us pick our entrees.  Since it was happy hour, we loaded up with appetizers.  We loved the carnitas egg roll, pulled pork with corn, pico, black beans and pepper jack.  Very good.  Next came the sweet chili bacon wrapped shrimp.  I thought some flavor was missing here, but could not identify the problem with them.  BJ got "Everybody Loves Meatloaf" sliders.  They were served with delicious potato pancakes and onion straws.  I also got a side salad.  It was nice sized, but once again, something seemed to be missing.Overall, we enjoyed our visit here.  Service was fantastic and it's got a fun vibe.  The food was not fantastic, but we still enjoyed their different offerings.
<review# 918,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/19/2012,7/20/2012,44,78,4,5,4>This is the real thing here, people.  Real Mexican tacos on the street from a cart.  When you arrive, you must go into the market in order to pay before ordering your tacos.  They have three types of beef, one sausage and one chicken.  J and I both ordered 2 - one chicken, one beef each.  We also went into the store to get tortilla chips and salsa that you can buy homemade from the butcher counter.  Side note - the butcher counter looked amazing and I definitely need to go back to get some fajita fixings.  But I digress...  the tacos!The tacos are on fresh soft shells.  Corn and deliciousness in your hand. At the end of the grill, there is a wondrous stand for salsas.  It is filled to the brim with the good stuff - pico de gallo, cilantro, limes, pureed avocado, tomatillo salsa, red salsa...  All spectacular.  I am never one that loves pico de gallo, but this was amazing.  Definitely the best tacos in the city and for $2 a taco - they really can't be missed.  Come to Brookline and fall in love!
<review# 919,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/10/2014,6/25/2014,24,25,2,9,5>Living on Mt. Washington, Micro Diner is our favorite breakfast, lunch, or 2am joint on the Mount. The food is delicious, the service is great and the price is fair. It's a small diner, but the food blows it out of the water. Everything we've had has been delicious! It's homemade, American comfort food at it's finest. All it needs now is a liquor license. I'm highly recommend the Micro Diner.
<review# 920,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/8/2014,6/24/2014,44,66,1,6,3>I had been hearing about East End for quite some time and finally made my first trip last weekend. This was long overdue, especially considering how close it is to my Point Breeze house.The place itself is somewhat randomly located and looks like an unassuming warehouse. Inside, it's spacious (almost too spacious--I'm guessing they have future plans) and has rustic finishes. There were at least 10 different beers on tap and they sell three different types/sizes of growlers. The guys were very friendly and knowledgeable, and were quick to provide samples. I settled on the Saison, which was pale and citrusy but still packed a lot of flavor and was perfect for the beautiful warm weather.Now that I have a growler (and have seen just how convenient this place is) I plan on returning often.
<review# 921,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/9/2014,6/23/2014,100,282,1,6,5>I find it hard to review yoga studios because everyone's practice is different, so I can't give a blanket statement that "This is the best/worst yoga studio."  Each person's body needs something different.  And I really do believe that how you'll feel after a yoga class and how much you enjoy it, is 50% as a result of what you yourself put into it and how much you allow yourself to mentally practice yoga as well.That being said, I can confidently say that this is a good option for yogis who want to practice in a Baron Baptiste/heated power yoga environment with lots of energy.  Think, strong poses, upbeat music and enthusiastic instructors/cues.  There's a wide range of class times available and different class types to focus on several different aspects of yoga practice.  Street parking is always easy to find and the studio is conveniently located on Penn Ave in East Liberty.   There aren't shower facilities, but the studio is very welcoming and clean.  Overall, a friendly studio and worth a try!
<review# 922,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/4/2014,6/22/2014,142,165,6,18,9>Seriously? More than a 100 reviews, and an average 5 star rating on Yelp? It's certainly rare to find a restaurant with 5 stars after this number of reviews.  I had to try it to believe it.Food (9.5/10) = Simply incredible.  The first time I visited Gaucho, I went with the most frequently mentioned Yelp item - the carne (steak) sandwich.  This sandwich is HUGE!  Generous portions of a cut of your choice.  I go for the ribeye, which is a great choice for flavor.  Other components of the sandwich include roasted red bell peppers, onions, chimmi churri sauce.  The bread just absorbs all the juices from the meat and roasted peppers, not letting any flavor go to waste.If a sandwich is not your thing, there's certainly a variety of other proteins for your choosing, both from the land and sea.  I was surprised and impressed with how absolutely delicious Gaucho's camarones (shrimp) were.  I'm always weary of ordering seafood if I'm not near the coast line, with the concern for freshness.  But goddamn, these shrimps were hella succulent.  Sooo succulent.Other worthy proteins include the chorizo, chicken, and flank steak.If you're in the mood for some vegetables, Gaucho's grilled corn, and their mix of asparagus, portabello, onions, peppers, zuchinni, are also great choices.If you still need more flavor, there are 4 sauces to help enhance the experience:   1) chimmi churri (fresh herbs, garlic, extra virgin olive oil, vinegars), 2) pimenton (charred pepper, garlic, fresh herbs, extra virgin olive oil), 3) ajo (roasted garlic, fresh herbs & extra virgin olive oil), 4) cebolla (carmelized onion, rosemary, thyme, vinegars & extra virgin olive oil)Service (10/10) = Family owned business are always great.  The two brothers running this joint never fail in making you feel welcome, and are full of energy and enthusiasm for the food they prepare.Ambiance (8.0/10) = The place is small and cozy, and unfortunately there are only a handful of stools for people to sit on, as they enjoy the greatness of Gaucho.Overall Opinion = Incredible food.  Awesome service.  What more could you possibly want?  Well, my only annoyance with this place are their business hours and the very limited number of seats for people to chill out and enjoy their food.  I heard they are about to expand, so this will solve the latter issue.  Their business hours were a major influence on why it took me more than half a year after moving to Pittsburgh to finally visit this place.  It would be great if they opened until at least 8 or 9 pm.  It would also be great if they opened on Sundays.  Nevertheless, their business is thriving, and certainly not short on customers.  Like I said in the beginning of this review, Gaucho had an average of 5 stars after 100 reviews.  I now understand why.  It is TRUTH!  Now make your pilgrimage to this fine establishment in the Strip District.
<review# 923,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/17/2014,6/21/2014,183,180,5,8,4>Although the name suggests that food is the focus ("Butcher" does come first in the name), clearly it's the "Rye" - and other whiskey spirits - that are the star of the show here. Not that comestibles are forgotten, FAR from that! I'd stick a fork in anyone who tried to come between me and my Shishito Peppers and aioli, Crispy Pig Wing, Roasted Brussels Sprouts or Pig Candy! It's just that when an entire floor-to-SOARING-ceiling wall-o-whiskey is the first thing you see when you come through the door, well...the emphasis is evident.While you're perusing the premises, it will be hard to find one spot for your eye to settle on because there's so much to see. I swear the restaurant is as much an art installation as it is a spot for fine dining. And drinking, of course. The surroundings have been curated and built by the chef himself. Rick DeShantz, of Meat & Potatoes fame, put together a restaurant for all the senses. And I'm not just talking about the food.Every elevation, twist and turn holds new curiosities from a Jackalope riding squirrel to a grown-ass bear to tattooed red leather chairs to door knobs for purse hooks on the upstairs bar made of recycled vintage doors to the quirky Ladies' Room downstairs that allows you to make eye contact and conversation with your across-the-divider neighbor and still take care of private necessities. I can only imagine what special features the Mens' Room has! Explore every level, explore every nook and cranny. What Chef DeShantz didn't handle himself, he hired the best of the best to tackle. Like the amazing murals!  Bottom line...if you're a fan of art, antiquities and bizarrities, check this place out. You won't be disappointed. On to the cocktails. Please! Downstairs the wonderful wall-o-whiskey dominates the room. Here's where you'll settle in for flights and tastings and drinks made of the finest whiskeys around. At all price levels. You name the whiskey, I'd be shocked if B&R doesn't have it. Give it a try. Head up the stairs...and up yet another smaller set of stairs still...and you find yourself at my own favorite spot of all. Bar Manager Mike Mills put his head together with Rick's to come up with a bar setup all other bartenders must drool over. There's even an area behind the bar to cook up syrups and shrubs, bitters and brews and all sorts of cocktail creativity. Be sure you order a classic cocktail here. My fave? A cool, refreshingly tart and sweet Ramos Gin Fizz. Oh my! There is absolutely no doubt whatsoever why the The Butcher and the Rye is a semi-finalist for James Beard Outstanding Bar Program this year!Classic/craft cocktails not your scene? Maybe one of the original cocktails from some of the best bartenders in the city. (When I talked about Rick being a curator, I was talking about the way he gathered not just the artwork, but some of the most talented cocktologists in the city under one roof. Well...he and business partner Tolga Sevdik conspired to make that happen!) One other thing...Monday nights from 6:00 PM on, there's a little (BIG) deal going on upstairs called PopUp Embury. Yep, The old renowned Embury makes a weekly appearance with the former Embury's own Spencer Warren behind the stick. Guest bartenders from all over the 'Burgh and elsewhere recreate the magic that was Embury for those of us who miss it or MISSED it before the magic ended. Don't miss it while it's there....last call for PopUp Embury is scheduled for March 31st. See you there!
<review# 924,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/21/2014,6/20/2014,16,169,3,6,3>Is it wrong to be in love with a restaurant? If SM were a person, I'm sure he would be my soul mate. I stopped here a while back on a Saturday mid afternoon for a late lunch. When I walked in, I immediately knew this was my type of place. Modern, casual and chic. The decor reminds me of what would be at a classy backyard bbq. From the combination of stainless steel and glassware to the exposed brick SM will make anyone feel welcome and at ease. And I do mean anyone. Bring the kids, bring grandma, everyone will love it. Now onto the food.We tried several of the saucy balls. You can order individual balls with different sauces to try out as many combos ad you'd like. And at 3 bucks a ball, you can't go wrong. My favorite was the pork with the arribiata sauce, a yummy and slightly spicy red sauce. I also really enjoyed the garlic parm fries. Think chicken wing but on fresh cut fries. The menu has so much to offer (even vegetarian balls!) and at such reasonable prices, you'll want to bring the family every week. Which brings me to my one and only issue with SM, the location. Despite my love of SM, I doubt I will be back as often as I would l like. Having to find parking downtown, pay and walk a couple blocks to just to get to the restaurant is a large negative for south hillers like me. I wonder if others will feel the same? Hopefully a neighborhood location will be in the works sometime soon.
<review# 925,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/17/2014,6/19/2014,74,344,1,6,4>Great old theater that's been renovated.  I'm new to the area so can't fully appreciate the renovation over what its condition had been in the past, but it is nice with leather chairs and cup holders.  I must say the theater size was quite a bit smaller than I'm used to -- a center aisle and maybe 6 seats across on each side of the aisle.   Nonetheless, the movie experience was fine -- my seat was comfortable and no one's head was in my way.  I could hear just a bit of sound from the adjoining theater, but not bad.  I like that they show not only mainstream selections but independent and foreign films, as well.  That will definitely be a draw to bring me here.Parking is on the street but I didn't find that a problem on a Friday evening.  I parked around the corner on Forbes about 5:20pm and had dinner first then walked the short distance to the theater.  (Note there are several dining options before or after your movie experience.)Pricing is in line with other theaters -- 9.25 for one adult at a 6:10 showing on a Friday night.  Small popcorn with a medium soft drink was 7.25.  And their press is making a big deal out of the fact that part of the renovation was adding a full bar selection and that you can take those alcoholic drinks into the theater.  Maybe that will make some movies seem better than they would otherwise.  LOL
<review# 926,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/22/2014,6/18/2014,540,698,2,5,4>How do you explain this place to an ordinary person on the street?  Simple, it's geeky.  In a good way.Imagine those days where you were forced to take shop class in school.  Now amplify them by about 100%.  It's more like wood shop, metal shop and art class all rolled into one.  You get to be as creative as you want here.  I know what you are thinking, but don't worry about the fact that you may not know how to use a piece of equipment in here.  It a learn as you go experience in here.  The teachers they have are more than happy to show you how to do something.Monthly fees apply, or you could just choose to attend a specific class for a fee.  From glass etching to silk screening, this place will tickle your geek bone inside.*Added bonus here if you are a Veteran, no charge to you to join.
<review# 927,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/22/2014,6/17/2014,65,41,1,12,3>So good, it should be illegal!  The macaroons are DELICIOUS!!  I recently came here for the 1st time to buy some treats for my Valentine and I was super impressed!!  All of the macaroons had such intense and delicious flavors!!  We loved them so much that I returned a few days later to get more!  Can't wait to go back again!  I also love how cute the store is and that they speak French!  This place is a "must-try" for sure!  Love!
<review# 928,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/17/2014,6/16/2014,18,18,1,9,6>This quite possibly might be one of my new favorite bars in Pittsburgh. A hidden gem - literally. Boarded windows, and the doors covered with Prohibition era newspapers. I must have walked by this place dozens of times and never new what awesomeness was awaiting...A speakeasy style joint in the Southside! The boys tending bar dressed in their twenties attire (newsboy hats and all), exposed brick walls, really beautiful recreated vintage chandeliers, your option to sit at the bar or an old fashioned booth. I felt like I stepped into a scene from the Great Gatsby!An incredibly fantastic twist on a Southside bar - classy - with fantastic craft cocktails. Exactly what Pittsburgh needs.
<review# 929,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/24/2012,8/19/2012,63,263,,4,3>A serious wow.I had low expectations, because I'm not really a cured meat person. But a group wanted to go, and who was I to say no? So glad that I didn't.We started with the salumi starter plate, which was a really nice way to ease into the whole cured meat thing. Delicious! And good to share. We also shared a ramps dish, which was "eh" but given that ramps are in season for only three weeks a year, we had to try it. We also had the beef tartare and that was a solid thumbs up.Hubby tried one of their sausages, while I had their hanger steak. Normally, I am not a hanger steak kind of girl, but this really knocked it out of the ballpark. Perfectly cooked, great mix of flavors, super tender... I have absolutely nothing bad to say about it, and can't wait to go back. Sadly, I'd probably just have the same thing again.Service is good, and the atmosphere is a bit rustic industrial, like Salt, but more intimate. What a great addition to the Pittsburgh scene!
<review# 930,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/5/2012,8/18/2012,2678,1419,18,24,27>Note #1: For the last hour of each day they are open (Monday-Friday 'til 5PM, Saturdays 'til 3PM, closed Sundays), they only offer takeout through their window. Note #2:You can dine-in here, but you have stand in front of a counter as there is no seating. Note #3: Gimme a big...CASH ONLY! An ATM is inside, however. Let me say that the other day I visited WW for the first time in recent memory and did not come away hungry or queasy, nor did I feel cheated by my tab, which came in at just under $10.  It was just 10AM, and I saw no one inside. A wiry, wily flower peddler observed me. I peered inside WW, turned around, and asked the elderly gentleman if they were open."Oh hell yeah. They open early. Go on in. I'll be joinin' ya in a moment."A fun, good-natured, middle-aged couple straight out of a 70's sitcom runs this venerable business in Downtown Pittsburgh and greeted me like a son who had just returned from college.WW offers a bounty of other things besides franks, much like Oakland's "O" does. My new flower salesman buddy recommended the 1 pound fish sandwich. I thought I saw chili on the menu also, but what I really wanted was their Italian Hoagie, which they also claim weighs in at 16 ounces. Alas, all they had ready at the early hour was their hot dogs, so I ordered up two of the natural casing variety. That's when I remembered that natural casing weenies give you that cap-gun "Crack!" when you take a bite, the skin becoming all the more flavorful when mildly burnt (just enough) by the flat-top grill. When you use Silver Star hot dogs as WW does, it's impossible to make a mistake, no?I had one dog with chili and pickles, another with mustard and onion, a Coke, and a pretty generous order of aptly prepared french fries while I discussed the flower-selling trade (it can be pretty lucrative from what I was told), Lawrenceville, and world affairs with a fellow who has obviously been around the 'hood a turn or two and has likely seen everything there is to see, good and bad. A youngun like me doesn't get that everyday. Akin to a good hot dog, conversations like that make life a little tastier. And again, for a 10-spot, I felt I got a fair deal, especially considering fast food prices these days. WW sells soft serve ice cream for dessert along with milkshakes. I almost ordered the latter but didn't want to become dyspeptic...youtube.com/watch?v=1wUtLet us remain optimistic that the 47 year-old WW survives the same purge that killed Smithfield Cafe and George Aiken's.
<review# 931,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/27/2012,8/17/2012,65,125,,4,4>Who has two thumbs and orders a portabello sandwich at a burger joint?  THIS guy.I can't believe it's taken me this long to visit Burgatory.  Everyone is right - it's AWESOME!  Our service was great; nice beer selection; and I'm a big fan of the menu: creative burger choices and other great options for us not-so-burger-lovin' people.  And the shakes? They require a three syllable da-a-amn.  I didn't have one to myself, but took a sip/spoonful of my date's Pittsburgh Strawberry Pretzel Salad shake and it was deeeelicious.  My sandwich was a juicy compilation of mushroom and melt-in-your-mouth gouda complemented with a really nice batch of seasoned (what IS that seasoning - I can't quite figure it out) fresh french fries.  The only sad part of my visit was that I neglected to take the red plastic pitch fork that held my sandwich together with me when I left.  I can't wait to go back and eat a piece of everything on that entire menu!
<review# 932,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/5/2012,8/16/2012,21,117,14,9,7>It's hard to write coherently when the memory of this place keeps urging me to just shout "AWESOME!" "MORE!" and "WAFFLES!"  But I'll give it a shot.  Waffallonia produces, by a wide margin, the best waffle I've ever had in Pittsburgh and one of the top 5 waffles I've had in my entire life.I'd eat these waffles for breakfast.  I'd eat them for lunch.  I'd eat them for dessert.  I'd eat them for a snack.  I'd eat them out of boredom (my doctor says I shouldn't do that, but then again, she's never had these waffles).  I'd eat them in the rain.  I'd eat them on a train.  I'd eat them on boats and with goats and in boxes with foxes.  Look, you get the idea.  They're delicious.(The menu is limited and seating is all but nonexistent, but neither is likely to significantly affect my future patronage of this fine establishment.)
<review# 933,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/29/2012,8/15/2012,28,146,,5,2>Went to Point Brugge Cafe for lunch yesterday with a friend, and overall I was quite impressed! I knew I would probably enjoy this place, based on looking at the menu online and reading such favorable Yelp reviews. Quite a few delicious veggie options, it was hard to choose. It was a beautiful afternoon so we were able to sit outside. The surroundings were very neighborhood-y and cute. We were feeling thirsty and each ordered a yummy specialty cocktail. I ordered the mango and tofu, and I really enjoyed it. The mango was grilled to a great texture and served over a bed of spinach with a ginger brandy sauce. So good! The tofu was lightly breaded and had some sesame seeds incorporated for some crunch. The flavors were light, refreshing, not overly sweet, and the contrasts of textures was very welcome (not always the easiest task with tofu!). My friend got the crab BLT. For obvious reasons I didn't taste it, but the colors were pleasing, the ciabatta looked very fresh and delicious, and she really enjoyed her choice.I am very much looking forward to my next trip back to Point Brugge Cafe. Perhaps after I try a few more dishes, I'll be able to give it a 5 star rating!
<review# 934,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/11/2012,8/14/2012,44,101,2,3,1>Once again, the best friend and I were out and about on errands - in this case, her appointment with the dentist - and what better food choice to explore before 'open wide' than good old family Italian? Can we get extra onions with that?We decided to give the lunch buffet a try, and arrived around 11:30 am. Sign on the door said hours were 11 am to whatever, but we got there to find the doors still locked.  I walked around the corner to see a studly guy standing outside the back door smoking, and asked if they were open. He looked at me surprised, and said he'd be right there. He came and unlocked the front doors, and in we went, past the muscle man with the cool brown eyes.We were the first to arrive, and as I looked around the room(s) and I have to say it was kind of charming in that 1970's Soprano's kind of way. Like a mom and pop Italian place you'd expect to find somewhere in Jersey.  This is kind of living proof that Pittsburgh is indeed stuck in 1979, but in this case, in a GOOD way. There's even a baby grand piano just inside the front doors.We did not order from the menu, as I said, we went to try the lunch buffet and I have to say, we were impressed.It is not a large buffet, quite small in fact, but ample for only $7.95.  It basically contains a chafing dish of appetizers (this day had Clams Casino, some kind of fried mashed potato balls and fried zucchini), another with a pasta dish (tomato vodka today with fresh basil - VERY delicious), two meats (something like a beef brisket in one and the other a chicken cacciatore - the beef was excellent, as was the chicken), a small selection of salads (pasta, tossed, slaw and a bowl of beets), a tray of bread and rolls, and two different cakes for dessert.Now, even though we were the first to arrive, meaning early and the food was fresh, the chef and his trainee kept attending to the hot foods, showing sincere concern that it all stay fresh...and it did the entire time we were there. The waitress was a very pretty 'woman' as opposed to the usual college student, and was extremely nice and helpful. The muscle man was apparently the bartender - ok - you can stand there and look pretty as long as you like.They carried Pepsi products, so we ordered fresh brewed tea instead, and it was fine.Total bill for two for a very satisfying lunch buffet was $20 and some change, very pleasant service AND eye candy, and a quaint trip down 'Scenes From An Italian Restaurant' meets 'Soprano's' memory lane.  I can't speak for dinner (yet) but if the food is as good, skip the pretentious Bistroids, and barking manager of Del's, and the potential gunfire from Pleasure Bar...and give them a shot. And DEFINITELY drop by for a super inexpensive and pleasant lunch if you happen to find yourself in the Bloomfield neighborhood.
<review# 935,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/10/2012,8/13/2012,45,257,,3,2>I enjoy supporting local businesses.  Commonwealth Press is no exception.  A friend bought me one of their Pirates inspired shirts for Christmas and I've resisted the urge to stop by the shop too often because I want to buy all of their t-shirts every time I'm there.  They are uniquely clever with a Pittsburgh flavor.  Some refer to our sports heroes (and losers), some reference our neighborhoods while others just display sayings or pictures that can only be described as Pittsburgh.  I bought what I'm calling the list of bridges shirt that I will proudly wear, both here when I'm out and about but mostly when I'm out of town.  Commonwealth Press also does custom screen printing, too.  Friendly and knowledgeable staff.  I'll be back for more t-shirts soon.
<review# 936,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/20/2012,8/12/2012,11,44,,3,3>In sum, delicious and perfectly cooked dishes and a well executed menu. I will be back (at least monthly). Just thinking about my dining experience here is making me hungry for more!The decor is beautiful. Elegant and simple. Every restaurants strives for that feeling and few are able to provide it.My husband and I sat at the bar as we were walk-ins without a reservation. Our bartender waiter was efficient, knowledgeable, and polite.For our starters we shared the grilled mediterranean octopus. AMAZING! The octopus was perfectly cooked and properly seasoned. It has the perfect texture that is meaty and succulent but tender on the tooth and with a very mild flavor. Yum!For my main course, I ordered the sweet corn and lobster risotto. Wow, what a foodgasm. Wow. The lobster tail was luscious, moist, and tender. The lobster was definitely an appropriate size for the money and was placed on top of the risotto. Plump grilled cherry tomatoes were scattered about the risotto whose candied acidity perfectly balanced the sweet corn and succulent lobster and cheeses. I eat this dish so fast, I could not get enough. The risotto was cooked to perfection. The quintessential meaning of "al dente". I would request this dish on my top 5 last meals on this planet. 'Nuff said.My husband ordered the braised lamb osso bucco. This dish was served with roasted garlic mashed potatoes, grilled baby carrots and fresh horseradish. As a good osso bucco should be the meat fell off the bone with a spoon. Rich and comforting in flavors. Another must have!I would give this place 6 stars if I were given the option. I will eat here again before I boast it to be one of my top three favorite restaurants in Pittsburgh.
<review# 937,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/4/2012,8/11/2012,27,55,1,4,5>I am so psyched that this little coffee/tea shop has come to my neighborhood.  Mike, the owne, has done it right.  First, the decor. After taking in the umbrella picnic tables, flying fish kites, welcoming front porch (with a handicap ramp----VERY cool) you are drawn into the front done. The inside decor is best described as Buddha eclectic.  Off to the right you can't help but notice a big ars fish tank, an even bigger ars flat screen TV. above it, coffee sack upholstered chairs, books, newspapers, boardgames all wrapped in warmly painted walls.  Upstairs, past the in-house ATM machine, the charm continues into each of the 4 meeting/gaming/gabbing/meditating rooms.Home-y restrooms are located on both floors. Back downstairs we go. With so much comfort being served up, you may forget why you are there. But don't because it is at the counter that you will find one of the moat unique cups a 'jo anywhere. Since I am not a true coffee connoisseur, I stick to the teas. And believe you me, the teas are well worth the visit. My current love is the white tea. Smooth and flavorful over ice. How can something this good be soo ooo good for you?  So far, I have successfully avoided the dessert case. Not sure how much linger I will be able to resist the cakes, copies, pastries. that are knocking on the glass and calling my name.Overall, I LOVE this joint. It's the Cheers of the coffee bean hang outs. Stop in soon, grab a cup a'your fancy, add a pastry or bag of Route 11 chips to go with the soup of the day and relax.
<review# 938,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/15/2012,8/10/2012,3076,78,11,32,20>Five of us had dinner at The Carlton last night and it was a wonderful dining experience. For appetizers we had: 1 jumbo lump crab cake, 1 beet salad, 1 lobster and crab gnocchi, and 2 house salads. The Jumbo Lump Crab Cake which I ordered, was meaty with crab and was very rich sitting atop of Julianne vegetables. The Dijon Cream and fresh herb sauce it came with was just delicious. The gnocchi was tender and mild which allowed the lobster and crab to predominate the flavor profile. It was served in a Spinach, Caramelized Onions and Tomato-Ketel One Cream base. Very tasty indeed.Salad eaters, house and beet, all said they were great as well. These were all very good size appetizers so you might save some for taking home if you plan on heavy entrees and tend to fill-up fast.With the appetizers we also finished off two lemon cream martinis, one sour apple martini and one Grey Goose on the rocks with a twist, and one Arnold Palmer (AP refills aplenty). All drinks were made well. The had a nice martini list, a pretty good wine by the glass list and a full wine list which comes out on an iPad. Pretty cool approach. I am not counting but they say they have over 500 wines on the list. Enough to match any taste or meal. Later for dinner we wanted some rich, creamy full mouth Chardonnay so the proprietor suggested Sonoma-Cutrer for us. This was delicious and great match with our food.Dinner entrees were hard to choose from the extensive menu which includes some great daily specials which they say usually change every day. Sticking with a theme, I went the seafood route all night and choose the Florida Grouper which was prepared oven roasted and was fresh Parmesan crusted and served with Lobster Pierogies, Spring Vegetables and Roast Garlic Butter. Oh my was this meal ever rich and tender. The Grouper was completely melt in your mouth fresh and tender, and I exaggerate not one bit. The Pierogies were moist, tender and full of lobster stuffing and it went so well with the Grouper. Boy this was a satisfying choice.Three people, were enticed by the 14 oz. medium to medium rare Prime Rib. They all came out looking absolutely beautiful. Jody who is the real Prime Rib  connoisseur said that his ranked up with the best of them. Jody has traveled and lived or visited may cities for extended stays.  He has lived in Las Vegas so he had the opportunity to eat a Lawry's Prime Rib several times. To which I can say when I ate there with him a time or two, and I thought it was the best I ever had. So that puts The Carlton up with the best prime rib places in our judgment.Linda went for the Ahi Tuna entrée, which she said was extremely fresh and tender with the fabulous Tuna flavor one seeks in the best sushi. But it doesn't come naked. It's preparation is fresh Wasabi-Panko crusted with the Ahi Tuna seared rare and served with Curry-Coconut Orzo, Asian Greens, Hearts of Palm-Julienne Carrots and Yuzu Butter. This was a beautiful and tasteful preparation. Had enough to bring home and it served as a special breakfast this morning.I have to say that everything was really outstanding at The Carlton. Topping it off with some personal service, Kevin Joyce, the owner stopped at our table to see if we were enjoying or meals.  Have to hand it to Kevin, his professional staff, and especially Executive Chef Mark Swomley who has been there for 16 years. The Carlton itself has been around for 27 years which I think is a real testament to its enduring quality and service. You can not go wrong here.
<review# 939,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/5/2014,9/13/2014,1891,388,6,8,6>I had a bad experience at their East Liberty restaurant but being the good Christian that I am I decided to give their food truck a shot.The truck has a smaller menu compared to the actual restaurant featuring the following five different burgers:The Average Joe (lettuce, tomato, onion, with or without cheese)Fire In The Hole (guacamole, jalapeños, pepper jack cheese, chipotle mayo, sriracha)Shrooms (forest mushrooms, caramelized onions, brie cheese, mustard aioli)Cease & Assist (American cheese, caramelized onions thousand island dressing)Daily Brgr (The burger of the day)I had a Average Joe with bacon and fries. It was cooked perfectly and so juicy and full of flavor. It was absolutely delicious! The fries had that perfect snap to them also, crispy on the outside and warm and soft on the inside.There was a long line but, it went pretty quickly. It's been a few years so I think I will give the East Liberty spot another try as well.
<review# 940,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/29/2014,9/12/2014,101,91,2,3,5>Blue Dust is one of those "hidden" Pittsburgh gems I bring people to if they are visiting the city or can't figure out "hey, where should we eat?" It really has something for everyone. First, the beer selection is great. There's about two dozen seasonal beers on tap, plus loads more in the cooler. BD also has a small menu of handcrafted cocktails, some of which include their homemade liquors! There's a monthly list of specials which always includes seasonal and local ingredients. You will also find a handful of vegetarian (and sometimes even vegan) options. The soup changes daily, and almost all of them are winners (try the curried crab bisque!).  As for my favorites from the main fare, I simply cannot resist the Homestead Surf and Turf, a half pulled pork, half crab sandwich which comes with barbecue sauce and horseradish sauce respectively. As a side, one can choose from the yummy fresh coleslaw or chips and salsa. I will also add that this, along with just about everything else on the menu, is a very healthy portion of food. The food and drink really make up a four-star review. What I like about Blue Dust is the atmosphere, the diverse clientele, and the service.  Patrons range from athletes fresh off the Homestead bike path to elderly folks coming from a day of shopping from the waterfront. Servers are always attentive, friendly, and have interesting stories to tell.  Did you know Frank (the bartender and manager) is an incredibly talented comic book artist? If you ever need to have a meal or drink alone, never fear about heading into Blue Dust solo. Pull up a seat at the bar and meet some wonderful people.
<review# 941,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/27/2014,9/11/2014,11,75,1,5,4>Good hamburgers, superb seitan wrap, and great selection of beers.When it comes to seitan, It's a hit or miss.I love seitan wings but a few times I've gotten them they've been too soggy or too crunchy (overcooked) but most of the time, perfect.Their service is good (not sure why some complain about that in the North Hills location) seeing that both places have the same owner. Too bad their bathrooms are too small to have a changing table. Now that we're three we still like to go out and take our (quiet) little one with us. She loves hanging out and seeing new faces.
<review# 942,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/8/2014,9/10/2014,100,282,4,6,7>Cute little studio right on Liberty going through the heart of Bloomfield!  My favorite heated power vinyasa studio in Pittsburgh and a great workout!!  The heat is a soothing warmth and not at all a sweltering heat!I really like the space and studio layout!  The minute you step in the door, you're standing in the studio space, which is very open and clean.  The walls are a calm gray and there's a couch on the far wall that makes up the check-in area/"desk".   At first I thought I had stepped into a very large "waiting area."  But after realizing that it was the studio space, it made for a very inviting setup.  The instructor was sitting on the couch and quickly and warmly welcomed me.Most of the students seemed to be very friendly and very chatty before the class started.  The community here is definitely about enjoying yoga and having fun with it!  So, here's my warning, if you are a yogi that likes to meditate before class and are looking for a more calming class, this studio may not be for you.They have a good assortment of teachers and class times.  And I think they mentioned that the studio is currently on a simplified summer schedule, so there's possibly even more options to choose from later in the year.  Parking was also not an issue!  There's plenty of street parking and even a little bit of neighboorhood parking for free as well.  Overall I would highly recommend giving this studio a try!  If you're a complete yoga newbie, don't be intimidated and make a trip to Clay Yoga!  If you're an experienced yogi and you love a nice warm power vinyasa class, then this studio is definitely for you!
<review# 943,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/24/2014,9/9/2014,142,165,5,12,9>Culinary creativity is a rare entity to encounter in Pittsburgh.  However, thanks to photos uploaded by fellow Yelpers, chef Keith Fuller's gastronomic work caught my attention during one of my random nights perusing this site.  The next step was to verify my curiosity, by making a visit to Root 174 and indulge myself with the multi-course tasting menu.   Food (9.5/10) = 1) Watermelon soup with cantaloupe, peach, ricotta cheese, pistachios = A very refreshing way to initiate the multi-course dinner on a summer night.  The pistachios provided a balanced nutty component to the natural sweetness of the fruits, while the ricotta cheese added a non intrusive creamy/savory element.2) Crispy brussel sprouts with bacon-black pepper jam = Big fan of brussel sprouts!  Root 174 excels with this dish.  The name of the dish says it all.  It's crispy.  There's the fattiness from the bacon.  There's the sweetness from the jam.  A true winner.3) Black caviar caesar with parmesan, baby kale, egg, white anchovies, focaccia = I'm usually bored with caesar salads, however the execution of this caesar salad was impressive.  Note, I'm also a sucker for poached eggs!4) Figs with blue cheese, beets, brown sugar crumble, and a gastrique (forgot what kind of gastrique) = One of the best fruits to indulge in during the summer months.  It doesn't get any better than pairing fresh ripe figs with cheese.5) Apple fennel salad with  macadamia "cheese," maple black pepper vin, grilled radicchio, walnuts =  Another outstanding refreshing summer time salad.  Certainly a great dish to have before moving on to the more savory dishes on the menu.6) Pork belly with rhubarb, strawberry apple compote, savory rice crispy, jalapeno, barbequed pop rocks, banana = Love pork belly.  But to pair it with rice crispy treats and barbequed pop rock candy?  WTF?!  This was the most creative dish of the night, and was I immediately intrigued when I saw it on the menu.  All the components work well with each other.  This dish was absolutely fun and playful, and I wonder if this dish best exhibits chef Fuller's personality.7) Grilled octopus with romesco, olives, pickled potato salad, pesto = I rarely...RARELY order octopus, since most of my prior experiences were overcooked, tough octopus meat.  Wow, was I pleasantly surprised when my fork sank into the meat with little effort.  I did not expect to find octopus this tender in the middle of Pittsburgh.  Bravo.  The brininess of the olives were well balanced with the octopus.8) Coffee confit chicken wings with curried creme fraiche, dried banana chips = The only other time I've had coffee rubbed into meat was with steak.  I've now been educated that coffee can work well with chicken.  9) Chorizo stuffed chicken leg with mole sauce, creamy grits, pickled cauliflower, and peanuts = My favorite dish of the night.  The chicken meat was hella tender, and married well with the spiciness of the chorizo.  Also, some of the best grits I've had since I left the South.  10) Hanger steak with halloumi, apricot, cardamom, black rice puree, kale, cream corn, tomato, bread = The hanger steak was very tender and well executed.  The black rice puree looks just like chocolate.  11) Beignets with ganache and orange chips = The only dish of the night I was not impressed with.  Having lived in Louisiana for several years, my palate has been spoiled by beignets from down South.12) Bread pudding with ice cream dessert = Soft.  Moist.  Warm.  Sweet.  Chocolate.  Ice cream.  Need I say more?13) Celery sorbet = Second time in my life I've encountered celery sorbet (first time was in San Francisco 6-8 years ago at One Market Restaurant).  This dessert was a fantastic way to conclude the night, and was just as exciting and refreshing as the watermelon soup, Service (9.5/10) = Our waiter was fantastic.  Not overbearing, and he knew the menu well to describe the components of these complex dishes as they were brought to our table.   Ambiance (8.5/10) = A very simple and small yet cozy environment. Overall Opinion = Chef Keith Fuller's tasting menu is an absolute killer.  $67 for all the dishes I mentioned in this review?  What an awesome experience.  I'm surprised this restaurant doesn't share the same level of popularity as other restaurants in Pittsburgh (e.g. Meat and Potatoes, Butcher and the Rye, etc.).  Is it location?  Is it the simple ambiance?  Is it the level of creativity that Pittsburgh palates may not be accustomed to?  Who knows... What I do know is this restaurant is a true gem, and if you have been in Pittsburgh for a while and haven't visited Root 174, get your ass to this place ASAP.  Why didn't I give this place 5 Yelp stars?  Well, it was the beignets.  I only give 5 stars when everything has been perfect to me.   Ideally, I would've given this restaurant 4.5 stars.  Regardless, bravo to Chef Fuller!
<review# 944,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/10/2014,9/8/2014,44,66,,7,5>I went here with a friend who promised it would be amazing. She also warned that it is kind of in the middle of nowhere--and it was. I'll admit this probably isn't somewhere I would have ever stopped on my own based on its appearance and location. But the food! I had the chana masala and it was pretty much perfect. Just spicy enough and tons of flavor. The dish was served with rice and sauces. We also split several other appetizers and everything was great. Portions were generous and we took home leftovers for lunch tomorrow!They lose a star for service (took foreeeeeever to get a check and boxes) but the food made up for that. I'm sure I'll be back here in the future--definitely a special treat.
<review# 945,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/17/2014,9/7/2014,100,138,1,4,5>YUM. I had some scones from here that were out of this world, and the next time I visited I tried a breakfast hand pie which was also out of this world, with the most amazing flaky puff pastry. They serve food on adorable little grandma-style china.  The only thing I wasn't a fan of was the barleywine pretzels, they weren't bad just not what I expect when I get a pretzel.Will be back for more!
<review# 946,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/2/2014,9/6/2014,183,180,1,10,6>Has anyone noticed that when a crowd of Yelpers gathers the discussion inevitably turns to "the best Thai in Pittsburgh?" What a lively discussion, too! My vote for the category? Definitely the Red Orchid in the tiny, little, difficult to get into (and out of) strip mall on Babcock Boulevard in Ross. The risk of those very necessary Mario Andretti sharp, quick left turns are definitely worth it! Why? Let's start with Tom Yum and Tom Kha soups. Rich, spicy and totally satisfying kissed with lemongrass, kaffir lime and galangal with just the right heat. I ordered a 5 on a scale of 10 and it was just right for my heat-loving palate. If you're not a fan of heat, I'd go tamer than what you think would be a medium heat of 5. It was definitely more of a 7...and I like that!Green Curry is my Thai food yardstick. I measure every new Thai restaurant by the quality of their green curry because it's my go-to favorite dish. The good news is I found Green Curry heaven at the Red Orchid! Spicy, yet sweet with coconut, crunchy green beans and silky eggplant made an especially flavorful curry with basil as the accent. I love that they give you the choice of jasmine rice or brown rice! And the portions are huge!Kimber raved over the Wild Curry. She too likes her food spicy and ordered a 6. I really don't think there was much of a Scoville Scale difference between a 5 and a 6. I truly didn't see (or taste) much difference in flavor or ingredients between my Green Curry and Kimber's Wild Curry either...but both were delicious.The Red Orchid is on my way home from work. Why mention that? It means I can place an order to pick up take out to eat in my jammies in front of the TV. Score! The last time I did that, Drunken Noodles (Pad Kee Mao) was the choice. Oh my goodness! I know Pad Thai is the national dish, but the wide rice noodles with chicken, napa cabbage, basil and lots of spicy red pepper paste won me over. Not that I'm abandoning Pad Thai mind you. Other faves have been appetizers of grilled Nam Tok (beef) with lime, cilantro and sticky rice and Chicken Satay with yellow curry or entrees of Spicy Basil Fried Rice and Spicy Green Beans. The restaurant is lovely...and tiny with only 24 seats. Get there early or you may have to wait - this place is popular! Maybe it has to do with the fact that when the owner moved here from Thailand (a tsunami wiped out her restaurant there), she cooked at the Bankok Balcony, Nicky's Thai Kitchen and the Smiling Banana Leaf too, before opening up her very own restaurant in the North Hills. Keson knows Pittsburgh Thai-loving palates. Thanks Keson, for bringing GREAT Thai food to the North Hills!
<review# 947,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/9/2014,9/5/2014,540,698,1,8,6>Let me just state for some that I did not come here because of DDD and no, I did not try what was featured on the show.  I came here...well, simply because I was hungry and thirsty.Upon walking in this place makes you feel like you are in the wrong place, that is until you are warmly greeted by the bartender.  We didn't even have our coats off and were asked if we wanted something to drink.  We quickly settled on a draft and were brought menus.  Now, people, this place has a very small menu.  On top of the small menu there are specials that appear to change often.  A note to people also is that this place specializes in breakfast, half of the menu is for breakfast fare.  I almost ordered a special but decided to go with something from the menu.  I got the BLT and a side of fries; my friend got a cheese quesadilla and onion rings.This is the nice part, everything is cooked fresh when you order it!  My BLT was amazing.  The bacon was crispy, tomatoes and lettuce were fresh, and the bread was just toasted.  The fries are fresh cut.  So no frozen here, cut and then thrown in to fry.  With the light touch of mayo on the sandwich it surely hit the spot.  The quesadilla and onion rings looked good too, but I kept my mind on my own plate.This place, even though it is nothing more than a hole in the wall that has been there for "17 years" (I believe that's what the sign says outside) is amazing and charming.  It's small in here, so if you have a big party, don't expect to feel comfortable in here.  It's dark from the walls and small windows, which to me made it feel warm.  The decor is about as typical as you can expect with many places like this.  I totally liked that their dishes were mixed and matched.  Like they went to Goodwill next door and just bought every plate they had on the shelf.  It gives this place the "we don't go with the flow" feel that makes it work.After a satisfying meal the check arrived.  That was like the cherry on the cake, for two meals and two drafts, $15.  I kid you not.  Totally worth checking this place out for food and not just drink.
<review# 948,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/4/2014,9/4/2014,248,77,1,6,4>Fresh fish!I've been here twice, and the sushi is superb every time! So fresh, and so good! I actually coerced myself into trying octopus sashimi, and I'm glad I did! To start I had a fantasy roll with salmon sashimi, and let me tell you... It might have been the best sushi I've ever had. I also paired the sushi with the 'Zen Garden' martini... or three :-) After I finished that I opted for the octopus sashimi, and wasn't disappointed at all! That was my first time trying that, and it blew my mind. The ambiance and service is great as well. I will definitely be back here to satisfy my next sushi craving.
<review# 949,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/21/2013,2/1/2013,84,118,4,7,4>Long-awaited and totally living up to expectations, Napoleon (my pug mix) and I give two paws and two enthusiastic thumbs up, respectively. With too many dog-owners unable to follow the rules at the OLEA in Frick, and Mellon Park hosting awesome dogs and their humans but not "technically" an Off-Leash Exercise Area, the East End peeps and our pooches needed Bernard Dog Run.It's a little hard to find; right before crossing the 40th Street Bridge to 28 veer to the right.  Follow that road to the ample parking lot.  From there, you'll walk along the river (past the painted kayaks) and you will see the dog run.  The entrance is in the middle of the run for all/large dogs and small dogs.Water bowls are provided. Bring your own clean-up bags and water.  Also, it's cold down by the river, so bundle up you and your canine if enjoying the run during our Burgh winters.I'll see you there!
<review# 950,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/18/2013,1/31/2013,235,192,2,5,3>Huuuuge Pandora Jewelry Collection sold here!I have been in this location a few times, specifically for Pandora jewelry and they have a great selection!They don't just have a tray or two of assorted charms, they have an entire section dedicated to Pandora and its licensed display area!The ladies that work there are very knowledgeable on the beads, the trends and whats new with Pandora.Also, Gala keeps a record (by name) of what you have, so if you have a husband who buys your Pandoras, he can look at your file and see which charms you already have so he doesn't have to worry about getting you doubles!AND you can make a wishlist there the same way!  :D  How fun is that?!?If you're in the market for Pandora jewelry, I'd highly recommend this location.They also have a great selection of Citizen watches!
<review# 951,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/4/2012,1/30/2013,11,75,3,4,3>Kelly Anker is a curly hair specialist.I straightened my hair for 15 years and I finally decided to let it dry naturally. I didn't know I had curls (my hair was always wavy) then I had to figure out what to do with it, a straight cut with this much hair was not doing it for me. After 3 hair salons and one year later I found Kelly's salon and I had my first Deva cut, I love it. Kelly showed me how to use every products (from washing it to drying); my hair has never looked this good! My favorite part is the haircut; I'm so happy to have found a stylist who can cut my hair dry and give it a style of it's own. We all have our own personality and we should show it. This cut does just that.Cons: Pricey.
<review# 952,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/7/2013,1/29/2013,27,76,11,8,3>I was curious what the "Pho-1-1" was on Tan Lac, as I heard the musings of delicious Vietnamese food being told on yelp. I ventured out on a chilly friday night to the depths of squirrel hill, swallowed up by rows upon rows of charming old world decor houses and windy-hilly streets.Tan Lac is situated near some other Asiatic cuisine houses, including the Green Pepper, which I am due to try out soon. Apparently, everyone else got the memo too, OR read my mind in one giant conspiracy...because there was a wait....after eight....I said "isnt this great!" all I wanted was a late plate with my mate for a date!It turns out, there was a Post Gazette or something article a day before. After sitting on a cold windowsill throne of marble for the better part of forty some odd minutes, my cramped and cold buttocks was escorted to a table with my better looking partner in tow. By now, our slavering appetites had guided our tongues towards selection, mouthing words of dishes while mentally consuming them with reckless abandon! The spring rolls-Devoured! Peanut sauce tangy sweet and spicy!The pho arrives! Horns sound, peasants rejoice, banners of epicurean celebration abound! The broth is delicious and savory. After the initial sampling, I tinker with it as an alchemist, shiracha and duck sauce, carefully measured, tasting and musing over the balance of flavor. I was sated, filled, patting my stomach. My girlfriend, the same. Gluttons, we were not, but hungry, we were. I would love to return and sample some more traditional vietnamese dishes. As for the four stars, it was very good, but lacked the distinction neccessary for five.
<review# 953,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/11/2012,1/28/2013,16,169,,4,3>Craving sushi? Then this is the place to go. It's well worth the drive to Mt. Lebanon. I wouldn't be surprised to find out that the fish was flown in multiple times a day.  It's always so fresh. The sushi gets 5 stars.The staff is also incredible. The owner goes out of his way to walk around and check on tables. It is very clear that he wants every guest to have an enjoyable dining experience. However, if you are looking for great hibachi, look elsewhere. I've tried the hibachi chicken, steak and shrimp. I've never been that impressed. It's fairly standard for hibachi. I've definitely had better fried rice and miso soup. The hibachi gets 3 stars. Another issue when eating at Little Tokyo is getting a table. It seems like business is hit or miss.Some nights I have tried to get a table for 3 and had to wait 40 minutes. Last weekend, we were able to get a table for 6 without waiting. I suggest you call ahead if you have a large party.
<review# 954,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/2/2012,1/27/2013,93,143,,7,2>My new favorite brunch spot in the 'burgh!  It's all vegetarian, and sooo good.  Definitely worth waiting in the line that forms before this place opens up on Sunday.You pick an entree, usually there are french toast and scramble options--last time I went, there was even a BBQ seitan sandwich.  I went with lemon artichoke stew, which was heavenly.  There are also different herbal teas, juices, and coffee to choose as a beverage.The best part is the buffet line--close to 30 different salads (veggie, pasta, and fruit) to choose from and a whole table full of pies and cakes. The dishes are fiestaware and different antique pitchers and glasses from the Zenith's antique store.  The atmosphere is cute and kitschy, and you can buy any of the art on the walls.I will definitely be back for brunch on future Sundays, I might even try lunch or dinner here as well.  The Zenith is a great little place!
<review# 955,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,8/2/2012,1/26/2013,50,62,1,7,3>Well, Lauren beat me to the first... but i guess that happens when there is a invite-only soft open! And her review is pretty much spot on. We had our monthly socializing happy hour for our industry here recently, and this place is pretty neat. My biggest concern is hardly a concern at all, simply a fact of the way the world works- I'm not sure they have hit their stride. Obviously, there is plenty of time for that. Perle is an interesting little place. I don't know of any other Champagne bars in the city (that doesn't mean there aren't any) and where I can get annoyed by a place just "branding" themselves as a certain "kind" of bar, Perle is the real deal. They have some beers (good ones, I might add) in bottles, but tehy've left the taps for Champagne and other types of Bubbly. That is right- Sparkling White Wines FROM A TAP. You know how good a fresh tasty lager is from a insulated, clean tap? Imagine the dry crisp sparkle and joy of champagne, delivered by the same method. Are you imagining it? You're welcome. Perle is on the second floor above Brueggers, and has a small Balcony that has become the talk of the square. I'm more impressed with the concept of the interior, myself. The windows are pained, vertically quite tall, and stretch near to the floor. This gives the feeling of the windows at Buckingham, or another gorgeous European city building. The main space, had a clubby feel, and most intersting of all, is that all the furniture (club style arm chairs and curving sofas) are modular and on wheels. This allows the room to take on whatever setup is most conducive to the event and patronage in the space. The staff was really nice, though some of them seem to be better at their jobs than others. I'll give this a pass as I am sure they are all still training and learning the ropes. As mentioned above my biggest concern is Perle hitting it's stride. I thought a champagne bar would feel a little classsier. Perle has all dark (black?) seats and tables, on a very dark wooden floor, and there are LED lights on the wall, and accent lights under the indoor eaves. I am all for ambient lighting to set the environment you want, but these slowly pulsed and changed color while hip, kind of loud music played... it all just seemed a little "clubby". This is not what i would expect for a champagne bar. I think Perle will find it's groove, and it's customer base. People are already all atwitter with talk of this place. The drinks are good, and the food is... well... tapas. Really trendy sort of tapas (we had "s'mores" sampled for us)- it's a little pricey, but it's not a yinzer bar, that is for sure. I'd recommend trying it out!
<review# 956,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/3/2012,1/25/2013,74,140,2,4,3>I'm giving this 5 stars because I'm comparing it to other Japanese/sushi restaurants in Pittsburgh. Having lived in Seattle last year if I were comparing to everywhere I've been I would probably rate it 3 stars but good sushi is hard to find here.  My friend and I shared a sushi/sashimi combo and ordered a couple of rolls.  Everything was very good and seemed fresh.  Portions and prices were decent.  Definitely a good value for the price.  Not the best quality sushi I've ever had, but for Pittsburgh it's the best I've seen so far, but I haven't tried Umi yet which seems to be a lot pricier.  Ambiance was nice and service was good.  Food came out quickly.  I appreciated the other reviews on here alerting me that the restaurant was BYOB and so I came prepared with my own beer.  I kind of like that aspect of this place since Japanese places that do serve beer usually have a pretty limited selection.
<review# 957,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/2/2013,1/24/2013,45,257,3,7,3>Who knew I could drink whiskey and not vomit?  I didn't, but Wigle Whiskey did.  I'm not a fan of whiskey at all.  In fact the smell kind of triggers my gag reflex.  However, I had tried Wigle's Ginever at the Yelp Helps event and was pleasantly surprised at how smooth it was.  I decided because I liked their gin and because I like that they are all about being local that I would pay a visit to their location in the Strip District.  Plus I needed a gift for my whiskey-loving Dad.I was greeted immediately as if Alex had been waiting for me.  The warm welcome continued as I ordered a flight of all 4 beverages (wheat, rye, aged and gin) for $5.  Everyone was friendly and helpful, making sure I didn't have any questions and explaining how the whiskey is made and some other useful tips (I had no idea that adding water or ice to whiskey can help enhance the flavor).  I cautiously went in, trying the white wheat whiskey first.  Not too bad.  The rye, with a bit more flavor, was my favorite.  The aged was good.  The gin, well, I already knew I liked that one.  The night before I had been to Commonwealth Press for another fabulous Yelp Elite event and I just happened to be wearing one of my CWP shirts.  Meredith commented on my shirt, asking if I worked there.  I told her no, and mentioned Yelp at which point she mentioned she is due for drinks with Rachel C.  Pittsburgh just keeps getting smaller to me.After nearly an hour, I had enjoyed my samples and talked to several of the owners.  I love talking to people like Mark and Mary Ellen, people who have such a passion for what they do that you can't help get caught up in the excitement.  Yes, I am caught up, so much so that I bought a bottle of the rye for dear old Dad and cannot wait to go back to try those signature cocktails.  They are open every day but Monday so do yourself a favor and stop on by.  Even if you don't like whiskey I think you'll find something to enjoy.
<review# 958,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/20/2012,1/23/2013,63,180,3,4,3>Dish was probably one of the best dining experiences I've had since moving to Pittsburgh.  While located in South Side, it's comfortably removed from the chaos of Carson St.  The actual restaurant is a small, dimly-lit European style place in the first floor of a converted row-house.  As soon as you enter, you'll notice a fully stocked and nicely decorated bar area equipped with tables for those unable to make a reservation.  In the back of the restaurant there are 15 or so small tables.  Overall the restaurant is quite cozy and has a very intimate vibe.  We started our meal out with the mushroom bruschetta, which consists of three different types of mushrooms served on ciabatta bread.  The appetizer was prepared fresh, brought out relatively promptly and was excellent.  For the main meal I had the Rigatonia alla Scarmoza sans prosciutto.  This dish is essentially a rigatoni pasta dish with smoked mozarella, peas and crushed pistachio nuts in a heavenly Parmesan cream sauce.  The pasta was simply out of this world.  My girlfriend had the Grigliata Mista di Pesce which consisted of salmon, calamari and eggplant.  She recommends this for the fish lovers out there.We capped our meal off with pumpkin flan: two thumbs up.  All this food with a couple of Peronis to wash it down...probably one of the best meals I've had in a good while.  The service was fantastic and I appreciated their willingness to accommodate us despite being 20 minutes late.  Give yourself extra time to find parking...Look, this place is pricey and probably isn't somewhere you'd visit often; however, if you are looking to go out for that special occasion, definitely consider it.  You will not be disappointed.  Just be sure to make reservations well in advance; I'd say at least one week or so.
<review# 959,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/16/2014,9/23/2014,24,89,1,7,7>I had a city dining card for a free hoppin' john and I heard nothing but good things about this place so I figured my boyfriend and I would give it a whirl. It was an awesome experience. Right when we walked in the door we were greeted by one of the owners. He asked us if we had ever been there before (which we have not) and then proceeded to explain their southern style BBQ and let us taste test all of the home made BBQ sauces. My boyfriend and I loved the hot mustard and spicy tomato based BBQ sauces. I also really enjoyed the tang at the end of the Carolina vinegar based sauce. I ordered a pulled chicken sandwich, coleslaw, Mac and cheese and the hoppin' john (rice, beans and collard greens mixed). My boyfriend ordered coleslaw and the beef brisket sandwich. Both of our sandwiches were tender and delicious. We both added the coleslaw on top of our sandwiches, which gave them a nice twist. The Mac and cheese was delicious- not too creamy but with a lot of flavor. I loved the coleslaw- it was processed very thin and was packed with flavor. The hoppin' John was delicious as well- I probably wouldn't have ordered it if I didn't have a card for a free one though-I'm not a huge bean fan. The collard greens gave it a nice southern twist. The customer service was great, the food was awesome and I LOVED that they serve vegan and vegetarian options- what other BBQ joint in the burgh offers smoked tofu? My only issue was the bun- it fell apart pretty easy making the sandwich a little difficult to eat. Other than that, it was an awesome experience and I would definitely go back!
<review# 960,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/30/2014,9/22/2014,206,143,6,7,5>I don't get the hate.  If there's a better salad downtown (quick takeaway or otherwise), I'd love to hear about it.  Some of the house recipes aren't my all-time favorite but there is nothing stopping anyone from building a custom one.  Also the fresh bread is great and I want to know their source immediately.  I would like the option of online ordering for the times the line is out the door, but given the limited space and staff I'm not sure if that would help or hurt. It's not the cheapest place around but why anyone would think that fresh ingredients from local sources would be as cheap as a salad from Wendy's is baffling to me.  If there were a overwhelming number of places like this downtown to pick from, then we can get picky.  But right now this is just about as good a salad as you can get.
<review# 961,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/5/2014,9/21/2014,27,73,2,5,4>This place is awesome - I gotta admit I've based some of my basement reno project according to this place. The rusty, industrial look from the walls, tables, chairs all the way to the lightning is as cool as it can get.This was only second visit and will not be the last. Besides my appreciation for it's aesthetic - the food here is very good at least from what I've tried so far. We were here for Brunch and I had the Corned Beef Hash and my lady had the Morning Meal. They were both really good but I'd take the Corned Beef Hash over the Morning Meal anytime.However, the service here seemed a bit slower than expected. I'm not blaming the servers - they were very attentive and polite. It's just that the food took some time to get from the kitchen to our table. But I'll take that as a positive thing by assuming it was cooked fresh from scratch :)
<review# 962,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/24/2014,9/20/2014,70,74,2,4,3>Hello Highland Park!  Wow, E2, a hidden and wonderful find for brunch this past Sunday.  Our group of about 10 was given a large farm table in the basement.  There is a bar set up so you can serve yourself coffee or tea.  The room is rustic and fun.  Rustic and fun, two words that don't normally go together.  Rustic because of the decor, fun because they played old school country music.  Onto the food.  We ordered an array of delicious donuts, both of the sweet and savory persuasion.  Five dollars for four perfectly cooked donuts per order.  Yum-o!I ordered the smoked salmon that was served with a spring mix salad with walnuts.  The smoked salmon had capers and a light cream served on top of egg.  Seriously amazing.Take a trek to Highland Park, Bryant Street is vibrant with a lot of locals walking around and the street is aligned with cute little shops.  I need to explore this area of town again, with E2 being a huge draw.
<review# 963,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/1/2014,9/19/2014,819,204,7,9,7>I came here with a friend for dunch (is that a thing?) before heading out to a show at the First Niagara Pavilion on Sat.  Given that we arrived shortly after 4pm, I doubted this place would be busy--and it wasn't--which worked out perfectly, in light of this place's size and popularity during normal dinner hours on the weekend.Based on the recommendation of my labmate and other Yelpers, I ordered the spinach and ricotta ravioli, and it didn't disappoint.  The pasta was perfectly tender without being mushy, and the filling was savory and delicious.  As Rachel C. pointed out in her review, this place is quite generous with the sauce, which is great because this was the best part of the dish!  It was a tomato cream sauce that was delicious in its own right, but that complemented the savoriness of the ravioli fillings well.  After finishing my raviolis, I asked for some more bread and used it to sop up the remainder of the sauce.  My dish also came with the Girasole salad--a tossed salad dressed with sunflower seeds (how cute, in light of the meaning of the restaurant's name!)--that served as a great appetizer to the meal.  About the only part of my meal that wasn't noteworthy was the bread, which was fine, but just your standard Italian bread.Since he wasn't as hungry as me, my dining companion ordered the bruschetta, which also came with a salad.  It wasn't your standard bruschetta, however--it consisted of what looked like chopped squash with prosciutto on toasted flatbread.  I'm not sure how much he enjoyed it, since he left a fair amount of the squash and prosciutto on his plate.  However, I wouldn't count this as a strike against the dish or the restaurant, since he can be a pretty picky eater.  I didn't taste the bruschetta in its entirety, so I can't pass my own judgment on it, unfortunately.As others have mentioned, the dining area is definitely small and intimate, and the tables are quite close to one another.  However, this wasn't a problem for us since the restaurant was only about 1/3 full when we were dining, due to being there on an off hour.  We really liked the ambience, which I'd describe as rustic but classy, and it didn't feel like basement dining even though it was.  The waitstaff all seemed quite jovial with one another, which was fun to observe.  I have no complaints about the service we received.Overall, we had a nice experience here, and would definitely return.  Given the popularity of this place, if you want to avoid some of the problems mentioned in other reviews due to the small space, I'd recommend going for lunch or during an off time.  This is definitely one of the better Italian restaurants I've eaten at thus far in PGH, so if you're in the mood for this type of food, give it a try!
<review# 964,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/19/2014,9/18/2014,95,245,1,6,4>I have fond memories of Pipers I hold dear the way people hold dear fond memories of Sunday dinner at their Grandma's house.This is the first place I had really good scotch.  That's not something you forget.  If you dont know anything about scotch, and you want to have scotch, come here.  The bartender will help you out.  Laophroiag is my favorite.The food here is also really good.  I usually get the Ploughman's Platter as an entree, i love the cheese and the chutney is quite excellent.  The Shepherd's Pie is also good, as are the salads.There's often a wait for tables here, so plan to have a pint or so at the bar.  They have a good beer selection. When I come here, its either to specifically eat dinner here, or to start pre gaming here and then head out.  Its a bit of a mellow atmosphere, and I really like it.
<review# 965,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/13/2014,9/17/2014,39,80,12,4,2>I didn't mean to spend all of my money at Sienna Mercato. I only meant to get three meatballs with some spicy sauce, or maybe creamy, or maybe pesto, over a bed of spaghetti, or maybe penne, or maybe in a bun. And I only meant to get a glass of wine, or maybe a bottle, or maybe two. I only meant to try a sloe-gin fizz, or maybe a Moscow mule, or maybe see their take on a dark and stormy. I definitely only meant to get one appetizer, maybe the french fries; no, two appetizers...I only meant to get two appetizers, because the french fries had to be paired with the cheesy bread, or maybe even the mushroom arancini. And, I guess, while we're at it, I might as well try the warm ricotta doughnuts for dessert. Luckily, I had a few people with me who also only meant to get one or five dishes.The worst part? I've been here before. Maybe next time, I'll show some restraint (but I doubt it).P.S. Order everything.
<review# 966,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/11/2014,9/16/2014,100,241,1,5,5>I had such an amazing experience getting my wedding gown and bridesmaids' dresses here. I made an appointment with Dorothy for my wedding dress and she was so knowledgeable and helpful. Her years of expertise were noticed right away. The second dress I tried on, and actually the first one she chose for me (I chose the first one), was the one I ended up buying. When you buy the dress the day of your appointment, you get a discount too! That's a nice plus. I also got my bridesmaids dresses here, but stopped in on a whim. Sarah helped me look at some options I may not have tried before, but we found the dress within minutes. She knew exactly what I was looking for when I described my style and venue. The dresses were easy to order and reasonably priced too.I should add that they do have a great range of prices. You can tell them what you are looking for over the phone and they will do their best to accommodate you!The only reason I didn't give them 5 stars was because the place is in need of some renovations. I do believe they are expanding the store and renovating, but it can seem a little haphazard while you are looking through things. Still, an excellent choice!
<review# 967,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/28/2014,9/15/2014,74,140,2,3,4>This is a great new brewery in the Pittsburgh area.  It's in Braddock where there's not many other places worth visiting, but it seems they are trying to revitalize the area which is great. I really love the look of this place, which seems to be a nice blend of old architectural features and modern design.  All the staff are very friendly and love to talk about their beer.  They seem to take a pretty creative approach compared to some other breweries, making really interesting things like chicken flavored beer and mango chipotle double ipa, but some of the really interesting ones go fast!  They provide pints, tastes, growlers and bottles for sale and they will be adding food options soon.  They said that sometimes there are food trucks setup outside.  I did find it a little odd though that not one woman seemed to be employed there, though I guess it is called the "Brew Gentlemen" for a reason.
<review# 968,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/25/2014,9/14/2014,93,75,5,9,6>There is something about Gaucho that makes me drool.  Just standing outside you smell the amazing scent of  their grill and hunger takes over.  There is usually a line forming, but that's how good it is.  I'd wait an hour in line for the delicious good at Gaucho.  I ordered "Pollo con Pan" or their chicken sandwich with onions, peppers, and so much flavor that you cannot stop eating it till it's gone... Hence why I  don't have a picture :)  Their Rosemary Beef Sandwich is also amazing.  If you're going to the Strip and crave something delicious, stop at Gaucho.  If you're not in the Strip, I suggest you go and try the amazing food at Gaucho... You can thank me later.
<review# 969,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/16/2011,9/8/2011,46,70,2,3,2>Definitely a front runner for best Thai in my book. Of course I got the Pumpkin Tofu Curry. If you have read any of my other reviews  you may notice that's all I get at Thai restaurants. It's not because I'm afraid to try anything else - it's that it is SO good to me that I would regret not getting it ever. But I have a little thing going here - maybe someday I will be the Pumpkin Tofu Curry expert.Anyway, this was my 3rd time eating here. The first time we got takeout and were so pleased with everything. The second time we ate-in and had a great experience as well, so we went back 5 days later. (OK, we might be addicts.) Last night when we went we both got the Fresh tofu spring rolls to start and each got the pumpkin curry. The spring rolls were large, fresh and delicious. The dipping sauce was perfection. I ordered tofu as usual, Forest ordered chicken. We both stepped up the spice level to a 7. It was perfect. The tofu here is the best I've had: generous portions, great texture. The pumpkin was perfect and they also add carrots, peas and peppers to the mix. The spice level was good for me - a little heat, but not overwhelming.The staff is awesome - super sweet and friendly. They replenish rice as soon as it looks like your getting low, and service is really fast. I love this place. It is my current fave. My only beef is that they don't have brown rice as an option - but honestly it doesn't matter because they're that good.
<review# 970,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/23/2011,9/7/2011,115,45,5,3,4>I had a yummy lunch with my lunch crowd the other day.  We went to a place called Thai Foon.  It's a thai place.  Clever huh?  I had the "Shrimp Jap Chap".  The last few times I've been there I ordered the Pad Thai, which was excellent, but I don't like sticking with the same thing too long. . . it's a character flaw.  So I'd never heard of Shrimp Jap Chap, but that made it intriguing.The waitress asked me what I wanted and I told her, "Shrimp Slap Chop", but she didn't crack a smile and just wrote down "Shrimp Jap Chap."We waited at our table, which was a round, but somehow too small.  Everyone seemed too far away, and if one of us pulled it close enough the rest were way too far. A little asian man came over with our food.  He said, "Shi-sha-sho?""What?" I said, confused."Shi-sha-sho?" Just as quickly, just as unintelligibly.  I turned it over and over in my mind for what seemed like an uncomfortably long time, but for what was, in all actuality maybe a second at most. "That's mine," I said.  I wasn't positive that it was, but I figured that's just how you said it, if you were from Thailand.  The rest of the table looked quizzically at me.  I looked up.  "Shrimp Jap Chap. . . shi-sha-sho."  I gestured at the bowl of noodles with my fork.  They chuckled.It was excellent.  We finished and stood to pay at the counter.  The woman there was NOT thai.  She asked me which meal ticket was mine.  I pointed and said, "Shi-sha-sho!"  I'd been practicing.  She had no idea what I was talking about.  "Shrimp Jap Chap", I sighed, disappointed.Good lunch.
<review# 971,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/22/2010,9/6/2011,1891,388,5,9,11>A great local bar! Finnigan's is a great place to grab a bite, drink and hang out. They are located right near PNC Park. Happy Hour is Monday through Friday 5 to 7pm. Not to mention Stan Savaran and Mike Logan from ESPN 1250am broadcast their Steelers Post Game show after every home Pittsburgh Steelers game LIVE from Finnigan's. You can even eat outside when the weather is nice. They offer 24 beers including: Draught Beers Domestics: Budweiser - Bud Light - Coors Light - Miller Lite - Yuengling Imports: Boddingtons - Harp - Guinness - Hoegaarden - Magic Hat # 9 Smithwicks - Stella Artois Bottled Beers Domestics: Budweiser - Bud Light - Coors Light - I.C. Light - Iron City Michelob Ultra - MGD - Miller Lite - Miller High Life - Rolling Rock Sam Adams - Sam Adams Light - Sam Adams Seasonal Smirnoff Ice - Yuengling - Yuenling Light Imports: Amstel Light - Bass - Blue Moon - Boddingtons - Corona Corona Light - Guinness - Harp - Heineken - Heineken Light Hoegaarden - Killians - Labatt Blue - Labatt Blue Light New Castle - Smithwicks - Stella Artois Finnigan's has great food as well including sliders, chili cheese fries, wings, pizza, tons of sandwiches, salads, burgers, quesadillas, sheppard's pie, beef & cabbage, chicken pot pie, fish & chips and much much more! My favorite thing they offer is the steak chipotle wrap! It is delicious! Juicy steak, blue cheese crumbles, corn salsa all wrap in a tomato basil wrap smothered in chipotle ranch sauce. Yummy! All in all Finnigan's is a great place!
<review# 972,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/26/2011,9/5/2011,167,215,2,5,6>From the outside you think Hough's is going to be totally smokey and gross inside, with nothing but Miller Lite on tap. You're a little scared by Hough's. Then, one day, you throw caution to the wind, and walk in. As a serious, collegiate beer drinker, you immediately fall in love. All you've wanted in a bar is here. A single tear falls to the floor.  How could I list all the things I love? I will pare it down to 10. First of all, it's family run, and they family is full of nice people. I mean, who wants to frequent an establishment run by a family full of jerks? Not me. They always swing by to chat me and hubby up, by name. Secondly, there is a wall of taps. Third, they have great prices, and there's always a special going on. Fourth, no smoke! Fifth, a wall of taps, Sixth, they have TVs with sports, but I wouldn't call it a "sports bar." Seventh, the interior is nice, and not at all cheap or worn-down. Eighth, Ninth, and Tenth (drum roll) wall o' taps!!
<review# 973,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/14/2011,9/4/2011,152,84,2,10,5>This was my first time at the Carnegie Music Hall of Homestead. I had heard a lot of good things about it, but never saw a show that perked my interested enough to go. UNTIL Sara Bareilles announced she was coming to Pittsburgh. My friend and I bought the tickets the moment they went on sale. We planned to meet for dinner at the Waterfront before heading over to the show, and there's a ton of options to pick from. We decided on Bravo (see review) which was really good. We thought we'd be too early, so we shopped around a bit, but we should have gotten there early if we would have known the parking situation ahead of time. There is no parking lot, only street parking around the venue itself, and all of the houses that surround it. We had to park 3 blocks away and neither of us were familiar with the area. This is the only reason it doesn't get 5 stars. Walking up to the building, it has this grand staircase that welcomes you and it's very old-world looking. Kind of like where you would imagine men would wear tuxes and women would wear gowns to go see a show. The theatre inside has this huge red velvet curtain on either side and at the top. It had these old wooden seats, and this beautiful balcony. The thing I was most impressed with were the acoustics. The sound in there was amazing, and for a small venue that can be challenging. They set up a "bar" on concert nights in the library area, and where you would check out a book is now where you get a drink. People were standing around all of the books. sitting in the reading chairs with their wine. It was a really cool set-up and atmosphere to add to the experience.I would definitely go back here again for another show, and I would DEFINITELY get there earlier than we did for a better parking spot! I give this venue 2-thumbs up!
<review# 974,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/22/2011,9/3/2011,235,192,3,10,3>It's a local legend!2011 marked a 52 year tradition for McKeesport's Annual International Village!**What is it?It's an ethnic food and music "fair"/festival.It's like Epcot for poor folks!  You can eat around the world and try a little something from a ton of different ethnicities.This fair lasts for three days, and has run on Tuesday, Wednesday and Thursday of one mid-August week for as long as I can recall.Opens at 2 or 3pm and typically stays going until 10pm.**Where is it?It's always held at McKeesport's Steven Barry baseball field, catty-corner from McKeesport High School.**What you'll see?GREAT people watching!Lots of ethnic music companies (mainly Tamburitza music).Lots of little kids acting too skanky and too hood (seriously, though).Lots of different booths all around the outfield; each booth represents a different ethnic food/region.**How's it laid out?The infield is set up with a stage (for the performing music companies) at Home plate.  The rest of the infield (first base--third base) is a 1/2 circle of chairs arranges so that the old timers and the proud moms and dads can watch their kids on stage doing their dances and playing music.**What's it cost?$2.00 to get in the gate (+Parking, depending on where you choose to park, but the McKeesport High School parking lot is free if ya don't mind a tiny walk).Food varies, but everything is on a dollar/quarter scale, so no worries for the math-phobes out there!  lolCash only!!!**My Faves?Croatian Booth:  Lamb!  (but ya gotta get there SUPER early)German Booth:  Potato Pancakes (yum!)My husbands swears that the African Soul Food booth has THE best tenders!
<review# 975,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/3/2011,9/2/2011,84,493,,60,24>If you happen to find yourself in Oakland and in need of a quick lunch time fix, walk on down to bigelow blvd and give one of the street vendors a try. I previously ordered from thai express- it was 2:30ish and they were out of pad thai already so I had to settle for something else that I can't remember so I guess it didn't leave that big of an impression on me. Id give it another try though.I digress,  it was around 1 and I had a craving for something, but couldn't pinpoint what that something was. I knew I wanted it spicy and I wanted it now so I drove to oakland from greenfield with $6 and got a whole container of fluffy white rice topped with spicy palak paneer. The cheese cubes held up nicely to the velvety spinach. It satisfied my craving and didn't put a hole in my wallet.  For $5 and 5 minutes of your time, you can't beat india on wheels.
<review# 976,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/12/2011,9/1/2011,183,180,3,8,2>Update Number Two.Another rave review!I have a hunchyou might just love the brunch!I love this place.  No apologies (well, except for the lame poetry (?) above). It might sound like I'm an A & A cheerleader, but the cheers are well-deserved.  Oh, the brunch!  It was everything I'd hoped it would be!Let's start at the beginning.  The hub, the kid and I were seated at the sunny table in the window overlooking the goings on outside.  Immediately Brittany came and took our drink order.  The pre fixe menu was $20 INCLUDING a choice of a mimosa, sangria or a bloody Mary.  Helllooooo...you know my choice!  And apparently the bloody Mary fixation runs in the family...make that three, please.  While we looked over the menu, Britaney brought us a basket of pastries including croissants and sweet rolls and a plate with housemade blackberry jalapeno jam and a lovely fresh strawberry jam.  Butter, too, of course.  I tasted the jams, delightful.  My fave was the blackberry jalapeno.  Let's see....the choices were (as I recall) a frittata with potatoes and choice of bacon or sausage, drunken stuffed French toast with the same sides, housemade lemongrass ginger granola, pork belly with redeye gravy , poached eggs and those same crispy potatoes, bloody Mary crab and shrimp ceviche, espresso cured salmon and country fried chicken and biscuits with white gravy and a side of spinach.  You'd guess I got the bloody Mary ceviche and you'd be....wrong.  I can't resist the pork belly.This pork belly was one very lean piggy belly!  More like a crispy pork roast than the bellies I've had in the past.  Oh, before I go on anymore about the food, let me tell you about Patrick, the chef.  Having advised our waitress about my gluten issue, she came back to tell me Patrick would do the pork belly for me without the redeye gravy and make potatoes that hadn't been fried in the same oil as breaded items.  Now THAT'S a chef I can love.  He understands not only WHAT gluten-free issues are, he cares!  Thanks, Patrick...mmmwaahhh!  Okay, back to the food.  The pork belly, eggs and potatoes melted together into a dish I swooned over.  I can only imagine what it would have been with the redeye gravy.  Mmmmm.The hubster had the French toast.  Browned and beautiful, he enjoyed it very much - but raved over the sausage!  I don't know if the sausage is housemade or not, but it isn't Bob Evans!  Yum.The kid had the frittata with bacon and potatoes.  She loved it.  She loved Alchemy and Ale.  She loved the vibe.  She lives in Cleveland which has, probably, the best array of Sunday brunch spots anywhere - so impressing the kid is no easy task.I forgot to tell you about the bloody Mary.  THE BEST in Pittsburgh because  A & A has the BEST bartenders in Pittsburgh.  Richie was working and crafted those beautiful red libations with some mad btending skills!Not only was the inaugural Sunday brunch at Alchemy and Ale a success, it was a bargain.  We'll be back.  I can't wait.
<review# 977,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/31/2011,8/31/2011,116,91,1,4,3>Eleven is an experience in delightful food, an ocean of wines, and refreshingly elegant modern decor coupled with great service. I have been here many times for various occasions, tried many items on the menu, and have yet to find something to be upset about the food, the drinks, or the service. Their seafood and vegetarian tasting menus are excellent; perhaps the best way to get the full experience. You gotta get a bottle of wine with them, of course, and your server will surely be helpful here. Their fresh bread comes in various kinds and is simply wonderful. Desserts are very good, even the cannoli, which I normally do not get or like as it is fried.Eleven is a great Sunday brunch place as well. Recently, I tried their brunch on their patio. It was as outstanding as the dinners. My brunch partner and I each got the $25 prix fixe menu, which includes an appetizer, an entree, and a cocktail. We chose the fresh oysters (yummy with their in-house spicy papaya sauce; a must try), goat cheese donuts (nice unique combination of fruit, cheese, sugar, and donut; another must try), eggs benedict with salmon substituted for ham, and the vegetarian omelet. All were excellent and the salmony eggs benedict served on the English muffin were the best I had so far in my current life.  The cocktails were also delightful: try the peachy bellini and the white sangria, which I thought was better. The whole brunch prix fixe was very filling; we had to take almost half the entrees to go. Let me not forget to mention their fresh berry jam that came with the bread. I could have eaten only that for brunch with the fresh bread.The servers at Eleven deserve big kudos. They are professional, friendly, and they do know the menu items well. They can make suggestions and I have so far not made a wrong choice by following their suggestions. I hope they continue to serve as an example to raise the standards of service in many of Pittsburgh eateries.  In summary, go there. While I enjoyed escaping the crowds and the solitude during their Sunday brunch, I am happy to see more people packing the place on a Sunday to enjoy and support this fine establishment. Maybe I should watch what I wish for...
<review# 978,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/15/2011,8/30/2011,65,125,1,6,4>I can't lift my arms above my head today, but it was worth it!  I love all things water-related.  Swimming, diving, marine biology - whatever. Put me near a body of water and I'm likely to jump in.  However, until yesterday, I had never had the pleasure of kayaking.  There's not really too much to say about company Kayak Pittsburgh: they have bright yellow kayaks, friendly enough staff and decent prices for hourly rentals.  it's a pretty bare-bones operation, but what else do you need for kayaking besides a kayak, an oar and a life-jacket?  Two tips for you: 1. If you plan on kayaking more than two more times in a year, spring for the Venture Outdoors membership. At $25 it'll give you an hour of kayaking time, and a $5 discount every time thereafter.  2.  Consider wearing gloves or some kind of hand protection if you have super-sensitive skin like me.  10 minutes in, my hands were slightly ...well, bleeding (only a little) from being a little too overzealous with the oar.  What can I say...I wanna go fast!  Other than that, enjoy a relaxing time, Pittsburgh's gorgeous scenery and a satisfying workout, courtesy of Kayak Pittsburgh.
<review# 979,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/25/2014,10/24/2014,60,584,1,8,4>I stopped by here last night for dinner with my wife.  We didn't really get to see much of the inside since it was a nice night and we wanted to sit outside.  The outside of the restaurant had a nice view of the city and while roped off from the rest of the sidewalk it didn't prevent a panhandler from asking us for money.For our entrees my wife and I decided to split the fig and the pig pizza and also the carbonara pasta.  The pig part of the pizza was prosciutto and it contrasted nicely with the sweetness of the figs.  However there were some instances with the pizza where I just got the prosciutto without the fig and thought that those bites were a bit too salty for me.  The pizza crust itself was nice and crispy and also had a good garlic flavor when eaten without toppings.   Our entree was the carbonara pasta and whenever it was first brought out to us I thought that it looked like a small portion for the price.  However, the bowl was deceiving and there was much more pasta than it looked like.  The carbonara was made up of house-made tagliatelle with house-made black pepper bacon, a fresh egg and Parmigiano-Reggiano.  While I really ended up enjoying the taste of the pasta, most of that was due to the overpowering flavor of the pepper on the bacon.  I will say that the noodles themselves were pretty decent and I did really enjoy the creaminess of the sauce as well.  For dessert my wife and I decided to split their pumpkin cheesecake.  It was rich and decadent with a great pumpkin flavor that we both enjoyed.The bottom line for me is that I will be back here again in the future.  All of the food that we had was good and I think that Proper is a nice addition to the downtown dining scene.
<review# 980,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/23/2014,10/23/2014,46,85,3,7,4>I love tacos. I love cheap food. I love small family businesses. Las Palmas consists of all three of these loves...therefore I love Las Palmas. It's $2.50 for one taco, so $5 for two tacos filled with your choice of meat and unlimited toppings. And trust me, they are super generous with the meat and you can go crazy with the toppings, so just two tacos can make a pretty satisfying lunch. My favorite is the steak and onions taco. The meat is fully seasoned and the double tortilla is nice and warm. Be careful with the different salsa though because some can be extremely spicy. Double check the spice level before you slather on the salsa. Overall, I highly recommend Las Palmas as a Mexican option for a mid afternoon snack or a quick lunch.
<review# 981,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/17/2014,10/22/2014,51,131,4,7,3>Go here! Is it pricey for Pittsburgh? If we're comparing to "Great Clips" or the local Barbershop, then definitely. Why?  Because things worth having usually aren't cheap.  I found out today that a haircut at MCM is worth every cent.To begin, I found out a few days ago that I will be interviewing for a new job tomorrow.  I immediately started calling around trying to book a last minute appointment.  I called Pageboy, and was told that they are all booked for the next few days.  No "We can call you if someone cancels" or anything remotely helpful.  Ok, whatever.  Then, I waited for Luxx to be open today, only to go down during business hours and find their boutique/salon closed.  Ugh.  Frustration set in.  So, I logged into Yelp and started reading salon reviews.  MCN has some great reviews.  I realized that I'd seen MCN while at Wholefoods,  and was always intrigued by the trendy-looking 3rd floor location.  I called and was immediately given two appointment options for today... so off I went.Upon entering I was greeted by the receptionist who offered me a variety of beverages.   Right off the bat I began talking to a man, Jim, who I found out is the owner. He was so genuine, and we had a nice chitchat.  Then, off to get my hair done by Margeaux.  Super friendly girl with hair I kind of wanted to rip out and put on my own head (but not really b/c that would be psycho scary). She gave me a killer scalp massage that temporarily made me catatonic.  Then off to the chair.  We quickly talked about what I wanted.  I'm pretty laid back, told her about my interview, and said "just use your judgement".  I have thin, curly hair, and I'm plus sized which basically equals 3 challenges.  Margeaux took off some length, gave me some layers, and basically made my curls perk up for the first time in almost a year. We talked, she cut, and before I knew it we were done.  On my way out, the receptionist gave me a deluxe product sample.  Score!On such short notice and for the price of $45 (minus tip), I couldn't be more satisfied!  If I get the job, it'll definitely be in part to Margeaux and the staff at MCN!
<review# 982,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/8/2014,10/21/2014,7,46,4,7,7>First off, let me say this.  I knew that this restaurant was owned by the same hospitality group that owns Eat-N-Park, but who knew that it would be such a departure?I come here mostly for lunch with my co-workers.  To be completely honest, I love this restaurant but I wouldn't make a special trip "dahntahn" for dinner because of the limited menu.  (My family and friends are generally picky eaters) However, what they prepare, they prepare well and I enjoy the food as well as the decor.Love, love, love their French Onion soup and Sweet Tea Smoked Wings!  I have had just those two items as a meal. (Melted cheese, bread and fat.  Not the most nutritious, but you only live once!)  I'm a wing and French Onion soup freak!You can't go wrong with the flat iron steak (Griglia) or the Crab & Zucchini cake.  If you're in the mood for a sammich, that Cracklin Shank Cuban or SPK Cheesesteak will make you hurt somebody trying to get to either one!Like I said, not a lot of choices like the traditional Eat-N-Park menu, but the food quality and ambience of the restaurant far exceeds the parent restaurant's usual fare.
<review# 983,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/8/2014,10/20/2014,30,40,1,8,5>I come her because the owner is very personable and works with your  schedule.  She's willing to come in early or stay late for her loyal customers.  There are a variety of colors and choices. She works very hard to make sure you like what you're paying for. The pricing is very reasonable and the quality of service is superb. I would recommend this salon for mani and pedis to anyone! The owner has phenomenal customer service.  If you forget your wallet she just says pay next time.  She's loyal and trustworthy!
<review# 984,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/10/2014,10/19/2014,12,46,1,5,6>I LOVE Oakmont Bakery. I have a SERIOUS sweet tooth, so I've been to a lot of the more well known bakeries in the area. Oakmont still always tops the list as my favorite. The quality of the pastries, breads, etc is phenomenal. Oakmont deserves five stars on the taste alone. There is a wide variety of desserts to suit every taste and budget. Pretty much every type of cake, cupcake, cookie, donut and pastry you can imagine is available here. There are rich and decadent options for chocolate lovers, more spicy and flavorful options for those who aren't huge chocolate fans, and just generally interesting combinations of flavors for those who want to try something new. The presentation of the food is also outstanding. Most of their pastries look so good that you don't even want to eat them! The combination of superior taste and appearance of their desserts makes them a great choice for cakes for major events like weddings (though, I imagine pricey). The best thing for me about their dessert options is the amount of sizes there are to chose from. You can get one cupcake to satisfy a little craving, a dolce (which is a mini cake meant to serve two..HA. Does anyone actually share those? Cause I eat the whole thing!) if you want a little more than a cupcake, or you can choose from a variety of standard cake sizes, too. The interior is always very clean. It can get pretty busy at certain times of the day, but they handle it well. There are always more than enough employees, and they use a take a number system to avoid total chaos. If you're a first timer who wants to take time to peruse the cases before you make a choice, I recommend checking it out on a weekday afternoon (around 1pm). You'll be able to take your time looking at everything because it isn't packed. The bakery is always fully stocked. I've been in 30 mins before closing, and their cases are still full. How do they do it? The staff is typically very friendly and pleasant. There is also seating both inside and out. The one and only issue with this place is if you come at a busy time, good luck finding somewhere nearby to park.
<review# 985,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/4/2014,10/18/2014,73,461,2,5,3>The hubby is a serious coffee snob, and he insisted that we swing by 21st Street Coffee and Tea on Sunday afternoon after brunch at Kaya. I'm more of a latte or mocha girl but can still really appreciate the incredible flavor of a quality beverage. He's taken me to both Blue Bottle and Intelligentsia in NYC, so I do have some good experience in trying a nice drink. I ordered an iced 2% milk mocha here and was blown away. I thought that this beverage was actually the best latte/mocha that I've ever consumed in my life. I believe the special, secret ingredient is the local chocolate milk that they add to the beverage. As I'm already craving another one of these drinks, I'm sure we'll be back soon!
<review# 986,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/10/2014,10/17/2014,8,18,4,7,8>Everything is just absurdly good! I cannot accurately put in to words how utterly delicious Grit & Grace is.  Without a doubt my favourite dish was the short rib biscuit. Heavenly!! The cream cheese biscuit is It is topped firstly with melted aged white cheddar, followed by the tender succulent short rib which is delicately topped off with a creamy hollandaise sauce. Perfection. It was also Negroni Week, which meant $1 from every Negroni cocktail purchased went towards Rainbow Kitchen Community Services. Excited to try one even before I even sat down, I start chatting to the hostess about them and she recommended one that wasn't on the menu. A Negroni variation composed of Campari, Vermouth and...Mezcal! It was a surprisingly smokey and a winning combination. In fact, I recommended to the the two ladies seated next to us. They ordered it too and were very pleased with the recommendation.Everything was amazing --Dim sum: steak tartare, "sam"chi, fried pig's ear (special of the night) and of course the pork belly bites. Menu items: short rib biscuit, braised goat's curry.Cocktails: Boulevardier Negroni (Bourbon, Campari, Sweet Vermouth) and off-menu Negroni (Mezcal, Campari, Vermouth)Get your behinds Downtown and into Grit & Grace. Your tastebuds will thank you!
<review# 987,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/24/2014,10/16/2014,40,66,2,5,4>Ah, it's so great to have good Thai neighborhood places around. Came to visit on a beautiful Friday evening without a reservation and the hostess kindly seated us outside, letting us know she needed the table in a little over an hour for another reservation. We chanced it and were out of there in 45 minutes. We had the pork dumplings as an app and they were good. Softer filling than I'm used to and more binding in them than meat, but it was still very tasty. I had some Tom Kar soup with veggies and it was good but still a tad more sour than I would have liked. My friend and I both had yellow curry with chicken and Asian sweet potatoes, served with roti. It was the best Thai dish I've had in an incredibly long amount of time. Dark meat chicken and made the dish really stand apart from that those typical overcooked white meat slivers other places give you. The curry sauce was everything you'd want a Thai curry to be, and I'm a ginormous fan of roti bread and theirs was plentiful and delicious. What really takes this place over the top was the gorgeous patio. I've seen it mentioned in other reviews before but you've seriously gotta see it for yourself. I'd imagine it becomes very romantic once the sun goes down and the lights are up.
<review# 988,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/26/2014,10/15/2014,17,59,3,5,6>I have visited the Pittsburgh Popcorn Company many times since I have moved to Pittsburgh. They are constantly changing flavors and post the flavors of the week on their websites as well as on a sign outside the store. Some unique flavors I've seen them make is dill pickle, buffalo chicken, and confetti. My favorite flavors are actually the classics which include kettlecorn and cheddar. They even allow you to mix and match flavors based on the size of the bag you want. Getting popcorn there is a great gift to give to your loved ones. I highly recommend the Oakland store because they are super nice and are not as busy as their other locations!
<review# 989,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/20/2012,2/22/2013,64,148,2,5,3>Smiling Banana Leaf has some competition for best thai in this town ...Admittedly, the first time I ordered from here I wasn't impressed (that seems to happen to me a lot?). I ordered the green curry with tofu, spice level 3. Yeah, I was being wimpy as I wasn't sure of how they handled their spices. It just tasted so very bland. I was a little disappointed as I had heard so many people call them the best thai in town.Round 2: since I work in north side three days a week my immediate options are rather limited. Fast food or a handful of other places, most of which I do not want to visit. I decided Nicky's deserves another try. I ordered the same lunch entree, but this time spice level 6. Whenever I'm giving a restaurant another try I also reorder the same thing (unless I found it to be really disgusting) to see if maybe they were just having an off day or I really don't like it. This time it tasted absolutely phenomenal! I still should kick the spice level up to a 7 or 8, but I was pretty happy with what they did.I've only ever done take-out so I can't speak to the waiters/waitresses, but the front of house people have been fantastic both times. Very nice and welcoming. Sitting and waiting for my food, I've noticed that they treat each person who walks in very well. Gotta love service with a smile. :D
<review# 990,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/19/2012,2/20/2013,118,112,3,3,3>Dear Sienna Sulla Piazza, you are delicious. Thank you for making my mouth water.Okay so maybe that's not quite how this review is gonna go but its pretty damn close. Anyway, I've been to Sienna twice already for lunch and I can say both experiences have been great. My server/bartender the first time was amazing. I can't remember what her name was but all the suggestions she gave were spot on. Plus, she let me try some fun wines that she thought I might like. That visit I had their meatball and ricotta flatbread, greens and beans, and their cheese plate. Id highly recommend their Greens & Bean. It's not a large portion but what you get is extremely delicious. Their meatball & ricotta flatbread pizza wasn't half bad either. Not my favorite but definitely worth a try if you want to get a little craaaazy pizza wise.My second visit I went with Tessa M. We decided to sit at the bar for lunch and snack on yet again for me but for Tessa her first time the meat plate (i can't help it if I like meat and cheese), the two fist sized meatball stuffed with a little sliver of cheese (i wish there was more), and both the pulled pork BBQ sandwich and tuna melt. Personally I don't like tuna and I don't think I ever will so I wasn't a fan of said melt. But the pulled pork on the other hand was delicious full of flavour and a bit of tang. Tessa might say the reverse but I can't help what I like. We could've opted for dessert but alas we're tiny women so we can only stuff our faces so much. At the end of the day it was definitely a satisfying visit. I'm looking forward to trying more scrumptious bites here!
<review# 991,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/1/2012,2/19/2013,183,180,9,14,9>Okay.  I have to preface the review with a comment.  All you "Yelpers" who slam Verde for not being "authentic"...get your heads out of your a$$e$!  Verde doesn't intend to be authentic Mexican, it says "MODERN Mexican!"  You want Taco Bell?  Go to Taco Bell and stay the hell out of one of the BEST restaurants in Pittsburgh...Mexican or otherwise. Thank you.  Rant ended.Cheff LBee puts out some of the most creative cuisine in the 'Burgh.   (Big plus...they have a gluten-free menu!)   I LOVED the twist I had recently on a tamale - succulent BBQ pulled pork.  No, it wasn't a traditional tamale and I'm grateful for that...it was HUGE.  The size alone was untraditional.  Sweet, spicy, tender pork encased in a masa crust was everything I could want in great food with a Mexican/Southern twist.  Another visit for brunch with the fam.  Once again it wasn't a "traditional" Mexican menu.  Thank God.  If it had been traditional, I don't think I would have been offered the amazing sweet potato/smoked brisket with a 5-minutes egg perched atop.  Wow.  The potatoes were crisp, yet smooth on the inside, the brisket was smoky and played nicely with the sweet potatoes, the 5-minute egg oozed its golden yolk across the hash to make a lovely sauce.  Truth be told here, my plate came out and before I could cut into the egg, another egg came out.  The waiter explained the kitchen realized the original egg had cooked too long and wanted to be sure I had the proper egg for the dish.  Love that!  How many places would have just let it go?  Not LBee!Then there are the cocktails.  One of the best cocktail programs in the city reside right there at Verde.  I had the opportunity to chat for a good while with Allie, one of Verde's expert mixologists.  Even better than talking mixology (one of my fave subjects!), was the cocktails!  My favorite of all was the La Fortunada...I don't remember what all was in it, but gin.  Yeah, not tequila, who knew a Mexican restaurant that specializes in tequila did GIN so well!  The Copa del Fuego margarita with jalapeno and cardamom satisfied my heat and warm spice cravings...and their Paloma (had this at brunch) with grapefruit, lime and resposado tequila made a perfect accompaniment to brunch.  Oh hell...it would be perfect anytime!If you're looking for "typical" Mexican, don't bother to darken the doors of Verde.  If you're looking for creative, exceptional cuisine and cocktails in a casual and friendly atmosphere, THIS IS THE PLACE FOR YOU!  All others need not apply.
<review# 992,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/2/2013,2/18/2013,15,29,3,5,5>Avenue B sits unassumingly on Centre Ave in Friendship and can be easy to miss if you're not looking for it- but you definitely should be.  There is not much seating so a reservation is probably needed, especially on weekends, but this little bistro is the perfect environment for a casual date night, special occasion, or random night out with friends.  As many others have commented it is BYOB and not sure if it was a fluke or not but they didn't even charge us a corkage fee!The menu is relatively small (a few regular seasonal menu items plus daily chalkboard options) but we still found ourselves overwhelmed by choice while reading through each delectable sounding description.  On our waitress's recommendation we started with the mussels ($12), which came in a smoked tomato sauce with grilled bread.  I do not say this lightly, folks- these are hands-down the best mussels I have ever had.  Not only were the mussels themselves delicious (and not a single dud in our bowl!), but the sauce was smoky, tangy and sweet and just thick enough to coat each little mollusk to perfection.  The rest of the meal followed suit and certainly did not disappoint.  I ordered one of the daily chalkboard items- hanger steak with braised onions, green beans with gorgonzola, and cous cous ($29) and my boyfriend ordered one of the regular menu items- the fish and chips (I believe with tilapia that day) with napa slaw and malt aioli ($22).  Both were cooked to perfection and packed with flavor.  We also ordered a side to share- the roasted cauliflower with cheese and truffle oil ($6)- which was also superb but probably not necessary given how full we were from our mussels and entrees.  Especially because the desserts sounded AMAZING and neither of us had any room to pack more in.  My only regret about this meal is that it took me so long to get here and try it out! Oh, and make sure you do not pass on the bread and butter-- you may have to man up and clear out a little more room in your stomach for the rest of the meal but it is worth every bite.
<review# 993,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/6/2012,2/17/2013,64,202,2,3,3>i've been to eleven twice, and i can't believe it took me this long to get there. i work under big burrito so i've heard plenty of good things about this place but never made an effort to go... now i know, i was wrong.my first visit, i ordered the lamb dish. absolutely amazing. i'm not a huge fan of polenta or mushrooms, which both came on the dish, but i gobbled those up as well, not a single complaint. i also got the creme brulee which was quite good.my second visit, my friends and i split the meat and cheese plate - some interesting choices, but all and all very good. i ordered the eleven burger with goat cheese which was very good. and i asked for a side of ranch with my fries (wasn't sure if they'd have it or not, since it's fine dining, but couldn't hurt to ask right?). here's the kicker, they don't have it, so the kitchen whipped up their own. i was grateful and impressed, it was really really good. we finished the meal with the chocolate-pretzel candy bar dessert. a little rich for my taste, but still pretty good. anyone who loves rich chocolate and peanut butter would love this dessert.another really cool aspect about dining at eleven is that you get bread with your meal, but you get to choose which kind you'd like. the server comes over with a basket with 2-3 choices, and you choose your slice (or slices) and they return throughout the meal.i haven't had a server i didn't like yet, and seth, on the managing staff, explained our dishes and drinks for us.now, i do have to mention how pricey eleven is. it's fine dining, and the bill proves it. but let me tell you, it's worth it. not only is the food amazing, but you do get good portions as well. trust me, spend the money, and you will not be disappointed.
<review# 994,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/9/2012,2/16/2013,19,76,4,2,4>My PIC (Partner In Cuisine) and I went down to the Strip District one very warm Saturday morning on a whim.  We didn't know where or what we wanted to eat and down there, there are more than a few options to pick from.  Dizzy from all of the choices (and perhaps low blood sugar), we walked past Deluca's.  My PIC commented on the fact that he heard that place was "good" and it was featured on the Food Network.  He had me at "good" (granted, I don't watch Food Network).  Anywho, apparently we got there at just the right time between breakfast and lunch because we got seated immediately.  We were greeted by a detached if not surly waiter.  He was efficient in taking our orders and getting our food.  Unfortunately, we never saw him again after that (except to get our bill of course).  Despite the mediocre service, the food iteself was excellent.  The true diner menu, with its seemingly hundreds of selections, had a breakfast highlight as all diners do.  My PIC and I happily obliged the menu and ordered two different breakfasts.  I got the biscuits and sausage gravy and he got a breakfast with gigantic pancakes.  The portions were huge and the food was tasty.  The people next to us had breakfast burritos that made our breakfasts look puny in comparison.  Or maybe it was me being star struck by the "Tom Cruise's ass was here" plaque.  We agreed that our next trip would include those (burritos, not Tom Cruise). Unfortunately, the last time my PIC and I tried to go to Deluca's, there was a line around the block.  We didn't feel like waiting, so we went elsewhere.  I do have to say though, that I wish we had waited in line for Deluca's instead of going "elsewhere".  That's a regret I will take to my grave.  Just wait in line at Deluca's.  It's worth it.
<review# 995,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/28/2012,2/15/2013,71,342,3,8,3>My fiancé and I came here to celebrate our anniversary.  Since it was Light Up Night, aside from the amazing food and service, we were able to see two and a half amazing fireworks shows!  From the moment we entered, we knew we were in for a special treat.  We were early for our reservation, but to kill the time, the owner greeted us with complementary glasses of champagne.  Shortly after, we were escorted upstairs to our window view table.  The view of the downtown skyline was stunning.The only option for the evening was the $70, seven course prix fixe menu.  It was well worth the splurge.  Service was extremely attentive without being overbearing.  Our waiter provided a description of each course as it was brought over which provided very useful information considering we were eating dishes that we don't have on a regular basis.  The owner made the rounds several times, including one to take our photos and one to give us a printed copy in a folder that said Isabela's.  It was a nice touch and a great way to remember such a fantastic evening.I chose to get the wine pairings which provided a glass of wine with each course that I chose.  The pairings worked fantastically and the wines were very tasty.  However, four full glasses of wine was a bit much for one person, even with the spaced out dining.  If you chose the pairing option, you may want to share the wine with a dining companion.Since it was Light Up Night, we were able to see two amazing fireworks displays in addition to an amazing meal.The only thing that was even remotely a dislike was the fact that the tables are close together.  Not so much that you can't get in and out, but enough that you don't feel very private.Overall, an amazing experience with great food, amazing service and a stunning view.  I hope I will be able to return for some future special occasion!
<review# 996,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/11/2013,2/14/2013,44,78,,5,2>This is definitely my go-to for best restaurant in Pittsburgh.  It is always super high quality ingredients and great specials.  We went in on New Year's Eve which was a great idea with their BYOB policy.  We brought beer, wine and champagne and settled in for a fantastic meal. J&B started with the infamous spinach dip.  Served with a whole loaf of their bread, it oozed gooiness.  J&I started with the special - lamb crepes.  Unbelieveable.  This should become a staple of the menu.  We also split a bowl of crab soup.  Spicy and filled with crab - delicious!  J had the scallops as his main course and was blown away by both the quality of the scallops as well as the extremely fresh veggies.  I had the salmon which is one of my favorites.  It's one of the few meals where you will feel completely full afterwards, but also very healthy.  J had the eggplant parm which is not normal eggplant parm, but is a much healthier, yet delicious alternative.  B had the steak which I believe is the best thing on the menu.  An awesome piece of meat covered with blue cheese butter.  Heaven.  We ordered the chocolate flourless cake and the raspberry brown butter tort.  To say that these were good would be an understatement.  J&I ordered 3 desserts - 3.  We could have ordered more.  The raspberry tort was insane - buttery and sweet and mouth-watering.  Go!  Go now!   You won't be disappointed!Oh, also cash only!  Be aware!
<review# 997,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/12/2013,2/13/2013,757,406,8,14,10>PSP is everything I ever wanted in a cured meats shop.  After months and months of anticipation I finally had the privilege of stopping into Parma's this weekend.  The shop is clean, light and airy and the meat is definitely the star of the show here. The interior has a very minimalistic decor with two huge display cases. I appreciated that no clutter atmosphere, I didn't want to distracted from what I was there for MEAT, by tons or meaningless bric-a-brac! Oh and my expectations were high and I was not disappointed.The service was quick and efficient, the store from what I could tell was run like a well oiled machine.  Even for a busy Saturday afternoon we waited no more then 5 minutes to have our number called.I would have liked to purchase one of everything and to my pleasant surprise Parma Sausage Products sales a bundle for $30 dollars, the bundle came with Spanish chorizo, salami and hot salami. Yes, yes and yes!  Separately I also purchased hot sopressata, my all time favorite.  I basically ran through all the rest of my shopping so that I could get home and sample my meats.  They are delicious! Parma Sausage Products also had some mighty fine looking prosciutto to display too.
<review# 998,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/3/2013,2/12/2013,66,239,2,8,3>A reporter once said that the Hollywood was Pittsburgh's only remaining single-screen movie theater. Well, they were admittedly wrong - there are others - but still, there's a sense of awe when you walk into a building like the Hollywood, which is indeed an old single-screen theater. Despite the modern day updates, there's just enough classical film memorabilia scattered about the place to make the place feel a bit like a time machine. And the fact that the theater primarily runs classic films - with the occasional indie and the annual "Rocky Horror Picture Show" screening thrown in - really contributes to the place's old-time vibe.The theater itself is impressively large for being single screen; the staff are all kind and passionate about what they do there, and the seats are far more cozy than what I've experienced at most modern day theaters!I've only been here twice, but each time was a really special experience. The first time I came here was to see "One Flew Over The Cuckoo's Nest." Never before have I experienced such an overall stunned and silent audience; I really believe the experience was a result of the combination of the film's subject matter and the atmosphere a theater like this makes.The second time I was here was for the recently hosted special feature of "The Last Unicorn" - following the screening of this childhood favorite, fans had the chance to buy merchandise related to the film and to meet Peter S. Beagle, the script writer and author of the original novel. It was a treat, to say the least; the chance to meet one of my favorite authors (and a fellow Pitt alum) at such a wonderful local attraction should speak volumes about the magic that can take place at this special old place.If you can, definitely donate to this theater so it can upgrade its technology; if it doesn't raise the money to switch to digital, Pittsburgh will lose a classic building, and we can't have Hollywood shutting down!
<review# 999,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/14/2012,12/22/2012,50,170,2,8,2>I had such a great experience here a few nights back! I've been wanting to come here for dinner for quite some time, and I guess I chose the right night. They just started offering their new summer menu, and it is fantastic. I choose the 3-course Raw Menu sampler, which lets you try everything on the raw menu for only $15! And I will add - it was awesome! I will note that if you are very hungry or have a big appetite, you probably want to order something in addition to the sampler.The starters included the Coconut Crusted "Fried" Onions which are dehydrated onions with a coconut breading and it is as satisfying as eating real onion rings, except much healthier. The first course also had the Cucomber and Watermelon soup (which to me sounded unappetizing but was surprisingly good) and Fresh Fruit with "Goat Cheese" (which is not actually goat cheese, but rather a cheese made from buts, fruit, and seeds).The 2nd course was my favorite. If I were to pick one of these entrees to order, it would be a tough choice. The Zucchini Ravioli is probably my favorite, but the Nacho Bowl and Stuffed Tomatoes where also surprisingly delicious. I don't typically eat vegan food, so when I am eating nachos and don't even realize they are vegetarian (there is a beet and pumpkin seed filling that you could mistake for beef), it means it is a pretty good meal.Lastly were the desserts. This was my least favorite course, but only because I have a major sweet tooth but also LOVE dairy and so it is really hard to thoroughly enjoy a vegan dessert. That being said, they were still good.Service was also good - both the hostess and waitress were very friendly and attentive.
<review# 1000,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/13/2012,12/21/2012,28,94,2,7,6>What a great find!  Pierogies, corned beef, homemade rolls, oh my!The Sassano was a classic Reuben - with the corned beef nearly melting in your mouth.  It was just smooth and tangy.  The Rages are sandwhiches with pierogies.  Genius.  The Sanchez had a Southwestern flair, with the sauteed onions and peppers adding a nice burst of flavor.  Even better was the homemade roll, which was fluffy but firm enough to retain the juices.The pierogies were all great, if not a twinge greasy.  All the specialty piergoies come with sauces, which is a great complement.  The Buffalo chicken had the most flavor, but the Thanksgiving (Turkey, stuffing, cranberry - duh) was my favorite.In short, we had spent 30 minutes reviewing the menu, deciding what to get.  And even before we finished our food, we were already scouting the menu to see what we would order next time.  I'm definitely looking forward to trying more!
<review# 1001,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/18/2012,12/20/2012,540,698,,3,3>My love for T-shirts has been restored.  Once upon a time I had a huge collection of quirky shirts and then noticed how un-unique they were starting to become.  Then one glorious day I found Commonwealth Press while walking Carson Street on the SouthSide.To say I was overwhelmed is an understatement.  I stood there in their shop alternating between the shelves trying my hardest to decide what Pittsburgh themed shirt I wanted more.  It seriously took me a half hour to figure out which one was more appealing to me.  In the end I decided they were all equally to my standards.  I just have to go back multiple times to be able to buy each one I want.  Or, for my convenience, just order them online.The staff in the shop were very polite and knowledgeable about their clothing and didn't hesitate to help me when it came to sizing.  The girl manning the store at that time was very enthusiastic about the particular shirt I picked out and so excited that I chose it that it made me feel that I was buying it for her and not me.  I was happy to see that they represent more than just Pittsburgh too and kind of branch out to western PA as well.  Also there are shirts there that are aimed at helping raise money for certain causes.  Some shirts have a little blurb to explain the meaning behind the shirts, or just ask and the staff are happy to tell you.I truly hope that if you have a yearning for a Pittsburgh themed shirt you stop in here.  It's a must.
<review# 1002,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/6/2012,12/19/2012,22,58,3,4,3>I tried Tana a few weeks ago and I'm jonesing to go back. We had the Tana sampler and it is definately the way to go if you want a variety of dishes without hurting your wallet. The sampler is served on a flat bread that is also your utensil, enjoy eating with your hands.. I did. :)The toppings can be either meat or vegetable dishes. I recommend the Yesega Wot in Kay Wot sauce. It is only a little spicy but very flavorful. One thing is that the server did mess up our order. My wife and I both ordered the sampler, and we did get everything we asked for - but only between the two of us. I had some of her choices on my dish and she had some of mine on hers. One particular note: I asked if they had Kitfo on the menu. They don't, but with 24 hours advanced notice they are willing to make it! Next time...
<review# 1003,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/9/2012,12/18/2012,57,168,3,6,3>I absolutely love Studio Booth. John cuts my hair, and he is fantastic. I've sent four other people to him, and all of their hair looks fabulous too. We all get compliments. My husband goes there too. He uses Annie. She is the ONLY person who is allowed to touch my husband's hair because she's a miracle worker with his ridiculously thick mop.As for the salon itself, all of the employees are at the top of their game: friendly and with impeccable timing. You walk in, and they immediately greet you. You sit down, and they get a coffee or tea in your hand. Best of all, they are not at all pretentious about it. They just seem happy to work with you.Just go there. You will love it.Hands down it beats that "other" high-end salon in East Liberty... especially since they won't spend the entire time trying to sell you Bumble and Bumble products that you don't need, don't want, or can't afford. (Although I do love me some Bumble and Bumble, I want it on my terms.)
<review# 1004,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/6/2012,12/16/2012,4,33,,4,3>Fukuda is a small and inviting little Japanese restaurant in Bloomfield that brings exceptionally good sushi and Japanese street food snacks to Pittsburgh. As a lover of sushi and frequent visitor to Japan this is a much needed--and appreciated--addition to Pittsburgh. We tried Fukuda on I think their fourth night of restaurant operations (they had previously operated as a popup restaurant and food truck). The place got pretty busy while we were there, so I guess word is spreading fast. Service was friendly and warm. The food was great. We had a chef's selection of sushi (nigiri and sashimi), some takoyaki (fried octopus balls), pork belly, and some specialty maki rolls. Everything was delicious and at the standard expected in sushi restaurants in cities like New York...and Tokyo!What impressed us was their commitment to using high quality ingredients, including some fish flown in fresh from the Tsukiji fish market in Tokyo. I don't think any other "Japanese" restaurant in Pittsburgh keeps such high standards. We will be back again...and again...and again...!
<review# 1005,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/1/2012,12/14/2012,64,148,3,3,3>Yummy. I really liked this particular location of Walnut Grill. I visited for the first time a few weeks ago and really enjoyed myself. I wasn't expecting much, but was pleasantly surprised.My boyfriend and I dropped by prior to a networking charity event that we were attending. Neither one of us was particularly hungry so we just ordered apps. I ordered the Sweet Chili Chicken Lettuce Wraps, which was a rather large dish for an app. It could easily be split between two people. It was so super deliciously yummy. Or yummily delicious, whichever you prefer. :D There was an ample amount of chicken lightly covered in a really great sweet chili sauce along with walnuts, onions, and other things that I forget. You had to put the wrap together yourself, which sort of annoyed me, but they were so good!Another plus: they randomly had Pumpking! Thank God we got it there that visit because by that weekend it was all gone.I would chose this location over the others that I have visited because the food was really steps above. Service at all locations has been tremendously pleasant, very good.
<review# 1006,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/18/2012,12/13/2012,183,180,7,10,7>Right as you walk through the door, you know Acacia is quite the special establishment.  Comfortably elegant, warm and friendly, it feels as if it's set in another time, another place.  Rich woods, beautiful glassware, shaded chandeliers with beveled crystals hanging beneath...everything works together to draw you right up to the bar.Once seated, take a look behind at the rows upon rows of top shelf liquors that glisten and beckon.  Hell, some of the bottles are so top shelf they literally need a ladder to get to them!  The gentlemen behind the bar fetching those bottles?  Fine cocktail craftsmen - maybe even cocktail artists - clad in proper vests and ties who create magic. Feel confident that whatever you order will be well-made, delicious. The bartenders hands are never idle.  While not creating cocktails, they're hand-carving pieces of crystal clear, ice sculpture-quality ice from 300 pound blocks into spheres, cubes, diamonds and columns.  The miniature ice sculptures perfectly fit the proper glass for the proper drink.  A word of advice...trust the bar menu.  You cannot go wrong.  If you like smoky and spicy, I highly recommend the Across the Border. It is positively kick ass!  Don't be limited to the menu alone...no matter what you order, the creation will be top notch.  The not-on-the-list Dark n Stormy I ordered took a little twist with dark rum as a floater instead of the traditional way.  Loved it!  The hubby enjoyed a few of the selection of 20+ fine beers on tap.  Tripel Karmeliet - a caramel-y Belgian brew - was his absolute favorite!Any, and EVERY, cocktail and brew afficianado in the 'Burgh will be thrilled Acacia is here.  I sure am.
<review# 1007,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/13/2012,12/12/2012,1891,388,,6,1>The best Porsche dealership in the Pittsburgh area.I had been looking for a Porsche Cayenne S (the V8 model) for over a year. Every one that I looked at was neglected and beat up. I rode past Auto Palace one Friday after work and saw a beautiful dark blue metallic Cayenne S on their pre owned lot.I walked into the dealership and was immediately greeted by Quemarce "Q" Khaiatzadeh, the internet sales manager. I told him what vehicle I was interested in, he grabbed the keys and we went over to it. Once inside I was really surprised how clean it was for having a peanut butter colored interior. It was pretty loaded. The only thing it was missing was parking sensors which is an option I really wanted. It was too late to go for a test drive as they were about to close. Q then told me about their financing. Lucky for me they use my employer so I knew that I was pre approved to buy it. So I thought............I told Q that I would come down the next day for a test drive. We got a surprise snow storm that night and I didn't feel like dealing with unplowed roads as it was a Saturday.  I called my employee finance department and told him about the vehicle. I was then told that the Cayenne I was going to purchase was a year older then they would finance. He then told me to try the Porsche dealership in Sewickley. All the Cayennes they had were way out of my price range. Sadly, I told Q that I would have to pass on the Cayenne but, everything worked out perfectly. Less that two weeks later I purchase a absolutely loaded Cayenne S from Porsche of Beachwood up in Cleveland.I have been back to Auto Palace many times since to purchase parts and clothing. During one visit I stopped in the Service Department to see if they could remove the front license plate holder as I didn't need it. It require a special type of screw driver to prevent it from being stolen that I need not have. Two minutes later it was removed free of charge given to me and I was on my way.If you are a car nut and ever in the area stop by. You are liable to see a few pre owned Lamborghinis and Ferraris on the showroom floor as well.
<review# 1008,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/16/2012,12/11/2012,330,1031,,6,3>We stopped by on a recent Sunday for Brunch.  Our favorite table was already occupied, so we had to settle for a small table by the window.  We started out with roasted tomatillo salsa and chips.  I really love this salsa.  It's some of the best I have ever had.  For our meals, BJ got their Mexican French toast.  He really loved the jalapeno cream cheese filling and the mango marmalade.  I got the smoked brisket with sweet potatoes, poblanos, red onion, & sweet pepper hash topped with a fried egg.  The dish is so delicious, I could eat it 5 times a week!   We have even tried to replicate it at home and have been somewhat successful.  I can't wait to visit, again.
<review# 1009,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/16/2014,9/3/2014,104,86,7,6,5>My butt was in heaven! Just went to this theater for the first time the other day and it has the most comfortable seats of any theater I've ever had the pleasure of resting my tush in. Wasn't overly crowded and -- most importantly -- this theater has a bar in it. As far as I'm concerned, any place, ANY PLACE, is enhanced by the addition of a bar. Don't drink too much though, or you're bound to fall asleep (pass out) in them comfy chairs!
<review# 1010,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/16/2014,9/2/2014,74,344,1,8,6>I'm in love!  We were looking for a close and quick dining option before heading to a movie at the Manor Theater when we spotted this venue with the word "Bistro" in it. It's a non-assuming façade and from across the street we didn't know what awaited us but thought it would be worth crossing the street to find out.Oh my!  Are we glad we did!  It's a small quaint setting very tastefully decorated with white tablecloths and the décor is soothing.  The menu was excellent with the usual great Thai selections including fried rice and curry dishes.  I opted for the pineapple fried rice and my husband ordered a duck curry dish.  We shared the dishes and they were both scrumptious.  Prices were very fair, also.John, the owner, came over and greeted us.  In fact, as we left, he ran out the door after us with our boxed leftovers we had mistakenly left on the table.  He seems to be a very proud owner, enthusiastic about this rather new establishment.  As well he should be.I love walking into an establishment with no preconceived notion of what to expect and then being so pleasantly rewarded.
<review# 1011,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/25/2014,9/1/2014,34,86,1,4,4>We decided to kick off our anniversary weekend with Omakase at Umi. We opted for the 7-course (+ dessert), although we did get a surprise amuse about halfway through. The fish was absolutely amazing and very fresh, particularly the black cod (cooked) and the sashimi sampler at the end (each fish paired with a tiny bit of sauce or other flavor). However, the courses came out REALLY close together. Like, I had barely put my hashi down when the next course came. For me, eight courses should be something to enjoy, especially when you're dropping this kind of money. Finally, the fiance and I just started eating the individual courses more slowly, but we still ended up out of there in less than 90 minutes. Dessert was okay but I do wish there had been some choices (I realize the point of Omakase is chef's choice, but I wouldn't extend that to non-house-made desserts); it was a chocolate cake with chocolate mousse and I am not a chocolate girl. Given what I've heard about Soba's dessert menu I was hoping to get to try something else!We ordered a couple of cocktails as we sat down and they didn't come out until we were done with our first course--Mr. Shu actually checked on them for us upon realizing we only had water. They do serve their Moscow Mules in copper cups, if you care about that kind of thing. Overall, the fish is SUPERB, but the experience was somewhat disappointing due to being so rushed.
<review# 1012,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/6/2014,8/31/2014,61,73,1,5,4>Nothing but rave reviews for this spot.   Looks a bit like a dive from the outside but when you step inside the staff are friendly, the restaurant is clean and the food is delicious.   It's a neighborhood diner where literally everyone knows your name.  I felt a little like the odd man out because no one knew my name but everyone was so friendly that the feeling didn't last long.  It's a small place with a handful of tables and a lunch counter with stools.  It can get crowded but they work quickly to get everyone seated.   Also, I saw the owner, Lisa, bringing coffee to those who were sitting waiting which I thought was a really thoughtful touch to ease the wait time.On both visits, I went for the Light Breakfast of sorts which was one pancake with a fried egg on top and then ordered a side of home fries.   On the second visit I upgraded the regular pancake for a banana and chocolate chip pancake.  That decision was definitely NOT a mistake!  Well, maybe a mistake for my waistline but not my taste buds.   Everything on the menu looks great and you get a ton of food for a great price.  I love, love, love the home fries. I also really want to emphasize how clean this place was.   No dust on any of the decorations or shelves, no crusted and dried residue on the ketchup and hot sauce bottle on the tables, a clean floor, etc.  You can tell the owners really take pride in their business.  It may be out of the way from downtown Pittsburgh but I recommend making the trip!
<review# 1013,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/16/2014,8/30/2014,27,95,3,7,3>Unfortunately for us Northsiders our grocery options are limited. Our only option is an often crowded Giant Eagle that leans on the side of sketchy. Fortunately Allegheny City Market opened, and I couldn't be happier. it's the perfect place to run to when you just need a couple things, but their selection is expansive enough that if you wanted you could do all of your shopping here. They have a full service deli that sells Boar's Head meats, a small produce cooler that has peppers, onions, lettuce, lemons and limes, fresh coffee by the pound from La Prima, fresh Breadworks bread, pastas, rice, seasoning, etc. Every employee that I have met has been nothing but nice. It's a great addition to the neighborhood.
<review# 1014,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/1/2014,8/29/2014,75,494,2,6,5>UPDATE - Tried BZ's again, this time with my lovely wife.  It was really good.  Here are some real positives:- Spinach Artichoke Dip:  an excellent starter, served hot from the oven, with just enough bubbly cheese on top.- Pear & Blue Salad:  great, fresh, tasty, and big enough to be an entree.- Burger:  just okay, nothing special.  Served hot, cooked as requested.- Mac & Cheese:  AMAZING!  We added bacon, and it is top shelf.  It's super rich and filling, so be careful.  This is a must-try dish here.- Service was extremely friendly and easy going.  But the kitchen is still slow...
<review# 1015,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/28/2014,8/28/2014,43,70,3,5,4>Ah, "Old Reliable," as I like to call it. Whenever my husband and I have been to a string of new places that just don't meet a high standard, there's always Fat Heads. Consistently keeping their tap selection updated and rotated, and supplying their customer with ample choices for eats, Fat Heads has one of the best atmospheres for the foodie. We've been regulars at this location for 15 years. I've never been served by a waiter or waitress who didn't know the full menu or draft list. Service is ALWAYS timely, and the staff is hilarious - real people. I call this the best burger in town, cooked to preference, and daunting in size. If you do get a burger, it will come with a side of fries. Order the honey mustard on the side! It's got a kick! I am sad that they don't do the Wall of Fame anymore, but it's only because the customer base got too big! Way to go, Fat Heads!
<review# 1016,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/16/2014,8/27/2014,181,458,1,5,3>I'm very excited to have a place like this move into my hood. I came here for the opening day and it was packed. Apparently it was a not so soft opening. It was apparent that many folks had been anticipating the first day of operation of this joint. It was pretty chaotic but I felt that for the first day of business everyone seemed to hold there own okay. After we placed our beer and hot dog orders which we received relatively quick the biggest hurdle we experienced was trying to pay our tab. It took a very long time to even find someone who would take our money but fortunately one of the staff closed me out. The beers we sampled the IPA and Saison were certainly tasty and appropriately priced. The hot dogs were also pretty good not sure if they were worth the $5 bucks a piece. I'm pretty sure they have other small plate options but I didn't try any others.I was also really impressed by the space that the serving area occupies they did a really cool job making this location work. The coolest thing about this is that there is a no smoking back patio area. So folks  the weather is starting to get nice around here and the time to pick up a hitchhiker is here. Writing this review is making me thirsty... I look forward to going back and sampling their other styles and checking out if they have other food/snack options. If you folks stop in give me a shout, I swing down for one, but I doubt in this great place anyone will ever have to have a cold one alone.
<review# 1017,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/26/2014,8/26/2014,66,239,1,3,3>This place was not what I expected at all, in a good way! The last time I walked by this place they were still closed and I kind of just pictured it as a little average cafe. I mean, can you blame me when the subtitle in their name is "Bicycle Cafe"? I've never been to the original OTB, either, so I didn't have an experience there to give me any expectations about this place.So today when I walked in after kayaking I was surprised to find a very chill and welcoming dining area with music playing near the bar and a bustling patio. The menu impressed me, too; I tend to expect fried finger foods from park dining areas but instead I found a full burger and sandwich focused menu with lots of vegetarian-friendly options. And there were tons of healthy side dish options on the menu, too.Given how busy the patio was my companion for the day and I opted to sit inside, which really wasn't a problem; the patio and indoors area aren't really separated by much more than a roof over your head, so we could enjoy a great breeze and were still far enough from the bar and speakers that the noise of the indoor area wasn't a problem.And not only was the atmosphere great, the food was pretty delicious. I had a slightly spicy and perfectly cooked turkey burger with fruit salad on the side; I also shared the black bean patty cakes with my dining companion and I thought they were absolutely perfect. (My companion thought they could have been a little crispier, but not me!) They were so tasty, especially once I added the amounts of Pico De Gallo, pinapple, guacamole and sour cream that I wanted. I partnered a Raspberry Summer Tea (Raspberry vodka and lemonade) with my meal and have to say, combined it was all a fantastic way to round out a beautiful summer day by the lake.My only true complaint is with the bathrooms - the cafe's attached to the public park bathrooms, and, well...the public park bathrooms are as horrendous as you might expect public park bathrooms to be. I couldn't get out of there fast enough and it's a shame that those bathrooms have to be affiliated with this place at all.But other than that, no complaints whatsoever - great atmosphere, great service, tasty food, and a nice place to relax after walking or kayaking in the park. I'd absolutely eat here again the next time I'm enjoying the area!
<review# 1018,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/17/2014,8/25/2014,182,262,1,2,1>I like this place. I love their vast beer selection, their ambiance, and their food appears to look amazing. I haven't had the chance to try their food yet, but I am sure that I will some time if I return to their trivia. I went to a very packed house for trivia and could barely get a seat, but the waitress managed to find two seats to accommodate my husband and I with our group. During trivia the service was not overwhelmingly impressive, but I totally understand due to just how many people were at this place. On previous occasions, the waitress was on top of it the whole time. In every occasion, the waitresses were quite knowledgeable on the beer selection and were able to recommend a few new things for hubby and I to try. In terms of trivia, I did not care for their format. There did not appear to be an MC, the questions would pop on the TV screen and were given 5 questions of a given category and had a certain amount of time to answer them. There were 5 rounds. The one thing that I did like was that they had an answer runner, so if this person came to your table you knew your time was up. But honestly I like the format where you are given a question of any category and have the length of a song to answer it, that way you can fit more categories. Having 5-7 questions on state mottos is just a little nuts, but whatever. Anyway besides their trivia format, I like this place and would love to come back for a few more brews.
<review# 1019,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/19/2013,6/10/2013,63,180,,7,3>Sadly, when I think Southside, I'm like the masses who think of a bunch of drunk college kids puking their guts out at 2AM.  What I don't think about is a small little restaurant with upscale food and a laid-back vibe.  This place totally flies under the radar, and it definitely this aspect that makes me like this place so much.  Everything you'll enjoy about this place is completely unexpected (or maybe less so now that I'm telling you!).  When you walk in, you'll notice a small cafe vibe with this surprisingly European like feel: 10 or so small tables are located in the back.  The decoration is somewhat nondescript (we sat next to a refrigerator proudly displaying the "Coke" logo).  What is cool is the fact that the food is literally prepared next to you behind this counter.   The service is among the best I have experienced in this city.  The hallmark of a good waiter is one who anticipates your needs.  For instance, on Valentine's day when I went, I ordered a small cup of soup, and the server was insightful enough to bring out two spoons.  I know, a little detail, but one that matters and makes my experience that much better.Speaking of the food: out of this world.  The menu options are somewhat limited, but I can tell they must change, as do their specials.  There will be a vegetarian option waiting for you.  We started our meal out with bruschetta that came with creamy cheese-spinach sauce with plenty of cubed-seasoned tomatoes: so rich, so creamy, so so good.  The bruchetta was also crisp and warm-simply perfect.  The mushroom soup we shared was full of 4 different types of musrhooms: oyster, shitake, portobello and porcini.  My entree was the eggplant dish: baked eggplant with this sweet pepper sauce, some cheese and...really, I don't know what else but other than the fact it left this little ting in my mouth which when combined with the sweetness of the sauce made for an incredible experience.  My girlfriend enjoyed her salmon dish.  We capped off the meal with chocolate mousse which was simply decadent.  Several other things to note prior to dining here.  1.) Make reservations and make them in advance.  2.) Don't come here expecting full privacy.  Tables are jam packed next to each other.  We definitely had a neighboring couple interrupt us in our conversation since they over-heard something we were talking about that must have appealed them.  Luckily for us, this interaction proved to be quite pleasant and added to our experience, but just a heads up for the rest of you..3.) Cash only, so go to the ATM.  3 course meal for 2 will run you around $80, which certainly isn't bad given the high quality of the food and 4.) BYOB so definitely bring something to complement the fantastic flavor of the food that you are about to enjoy!
<review# 1020,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/26/2013,6/9/2013,27,95,,5,2>I would have to put Angelo's in the upper 10% of pizza joints here in Pittsburgh. They make you're standard medium thick crust, heavy cheese, heavy cooked sauce, heavy toppings pizza. That being said, they do each of those components better than most pizza shops. The crust is crispy and chewy and actually tastes like something, the cheese doesn't taste like cheap pre-shredded junk, and the sauce is flavorful enough to stand up to the heavy handed cheese and toppings. Oh, and the pizza tastes great cold the next day so go ahead and order a little more than you need!
<review# 1021,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/29/2013,6/8/2013,60,584,,7,2>I stopped by here last night with my girlfriend for dinner.  We decided to come here because I bought a groupon a little while back for a pre-fix meal from a shortened menu and boy am I glad that I did.  The restaurant is on the main street in Aspinwall and actually in the same location that Mio used to be in.  The door to get into the restaurant is covered by an interesting curtain but once I got inside the place looked nice although reminiscent of Mio.  Black Leather chairs to sit and white table cloths on every table with a nice looking bar off to one side of the restaurant.Since we had the groupon my girlfriend and I were getting an appetizer to split, an entrée each and a dessert each.  For our appetizer we decided to split to mussels in a white wine sauce.  Before our appetizer came out we were served a rustic tasting bread (sort of like a large roll) that was still warm from being cooked.  While we were waiting for our appetizer to come out I finished mine which was thankfully replaced whenever the appetizer did come out.  The mussels were very good with the broth having nice notes of white wine and garlic in it.  Before long they were gone and I was enjoying dipping my second roll into the sauce to get some more of the flavor.  For our dinner entrees I was sort of forced into getting Chicken Florentine since the other 2 options were salmon which I do not like and a filet in port sauce that my girlfriend opted for but which I can not have due to the red wine.  I will note that I knew this heading in and this limitation was only because we were using the groupon, but I still wasn't really happy it.  It came to the table as two separate parts, a plate of rice and peas and then another plate with the Chicken Florentine (2 breasts) in a cream sauce with spinach and onions in it.  Our server ended up serving the first piece of chicken to me onto the plate in front of me with some sauce but no rice.  My first bite led me to immediately forgot about the disappoint that I had in ordering it as it was absolutely delicious!  The complexity of flavors in with the onions and cream sauce combined with a well cooked, moist chicken breast were amazing.  I even loved just eating the sauce on some of the rice.  My girlfriend enjoyed the filet that she had ordered but conceded that I probably ordered the better of the choices after tasting mine.  For dessert I ended up going with the flan.  It was served with a slight drizzle of caramel sauce over it and then some whipped cream and a bit of a harder caramel (still soft) next to it.  I loved that I was able to control the amount of whipped cream and caramel that went onto my flan and thought that it had a nice savory flavor.The bottom line for me is that I will definitely be heading back to this place in the future and I hope to take others as well.  Since I was using a a groupon on a place I have never heard of before, I went into the meal with average expectations and the food totally blew me away.  I look forward to trying some of the other items on the menu and hope that they are as good as the Chicken Florentine!
<review# 1022,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/15/2013,6/7/2013,43,178,2,4,1>Following a yelp elite event I was intrigued enough to go back. And I am happy I did because I discovered a place that I'll keep returning to.  Here is a quick list of why I'll go back again and again:1. The place is indeed vegetarian friendly. We had two vegetarians in a group of four and both of them had delicious dishes. 2. They have tostones!!!!3. Their desserts are surprisingly good. Mmmm chocolate cake that's actually with chocolate and a really really good cinnamon ice-cream.There's one tiny issue I had with a sangria pitcher that was half ice and definitely was not sufficient to fill 3 glasses (without ice) and didn't get even close to the 6 they advertise. Maybe their other cocktails are better?
<review# 1023,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/20/2012,6/6/2013,45,195,3,6,3>OMFG SO GOOD!  Make sure you have the address for this place because it can be very easy to miss.  It's a small place and pretty bare but I like it.  The food was pretty spectacular.  I had the ramen (can't find that too many places!) and 2 sushi rolls.  Vegans - the menu probably changes frequently but I had some vegan roll that was not your typical vegan roll.  It had sundried tomatoes in it and some other tasty stuff.  Have not been able to stop thinking about it.  I would definitely come back but only after I've saved up a little money - this place is EXPENSIVE!!!!  I do think they could go down a few dollars on the menu items because as good as the food was I don't think it's $$$ worthy.  Unless they made the portions bigger.
<review# 1024,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,12/14/2012,6/5/2013,93,457,2,4,3>Now that I am living in Polish Hill, I realize that most people in the area have to have become accustomed to have to go out to surrounding neighborhoods for a lot of things.  It is nice having so many wonderful things nearby and easy to access.  BUT what is even better is that there are some businesses here that are starting to cater to everyday needs and one of those needs for me, is my not made at home coffee fix (there is something about someone else making me a yummy latte that tastes better).  Lili, now accepting debit cards (a huge plus as I would not have come here much before as I seldom carry cash), seems to also be expanding what they offer.  It looks like it is becoming more of a neighborhood cafe.  You know, how Panera tries to market themselves as your neighborhood bakery cafe?  Well, LILI really does this and they do it with a smile and in a relaxing environment.  I am happy to have this as a part of the 'hood!  Keep up the good work.  This place seems to get better with each visit!
<review# 1025,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/13/2013,6/4/2013,84,493,,6,2>Best eye care I have received so far. I made my appt. online and went the next day.The moment I walked in the door I was greeted with a smile and offered not only coffee or water but also hot chocolate or chai tea, talk about kickin' it up a notch! When I had a question , it was answered in lay terms and when I was trying on frames my assistant gave me options and opinions... honest ones.They have a fabulous selection of classic and retro frames from top designers and a stylish array for the kiddos.I highly recommend 3 Guys for all of your optical needs.
<review# 1026,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/9/2013,6/3/2013,100,116,3,4,3>I love Yesterday's. LOVE IT!We really only ever make it here for karaoke, or pop in for a round after the St. Rosalia summer church festival, but every other Saturday night, Yesterday's transforms from a Yinzer Greenfield bar into a magical karaoke experiment that should go wrong - but always goes right.Yinzers. Retired millworkers. Cute Yinzer daughters of millworkers. Someone you vaguely remember from high school. A guy in a business suit who is playing some fierce air key-tar. Those karaoke nerds from St. James Place (okay, that one is us). A well-put-together 40something lady who surprises you when she belts out an 80s song. A bunch of bros who, it turns out, really like 90s rap songs and Miller Lite. Two guys starting an arm-wrestling contest at the bar.You will meet all of these characters and more on a karaoke Saturday at Yesterday's. And while it seems like somewhere in this mix, something will go awry, what happens instead is an incredible party atmosphere with impromptu duets, a packed dance floor, dozens of toasts, shout outs to Pittsburgh sports, and people from every walk of Yinzer life coming together to drink, sing, and tear Greenfield down until 1:30am.DJ Mike (of PartyOn Entertainment) may not have the best karaoke system out there, but he packs a decent selection of songs and does a good job keeping the singers rolling through.I can't remember a time we've been here that wasn't a blast.Drinks are cheap (less than $3 apiece for well drinks), the bartenders are friendly, and even though they're cash only, there's a bank just next door and an ATM on the premises. And if you're like us and fortunate enough to live in the Squirrel Hill/Greenfield area, you're just a short walk away from home after last call.Karaoke runs every other Saturday night from 10pm until 1:30am (since Yesterday's itself doesn't have a website, details about their KJ and karaoke can be found here: facebook.com/pages/Party).So whether you're in the mood for a Bon Jovi singalong or busting out your best Axl Rose impression, Yesterday's is the spot every other Saturday night!
<review# 1027,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/23/2013,6/2/2013,11,33,3,4,2>Their deli sandwiches are great.  Service is very friendly: the deli workers seem determined to convert you to the Cult of Cured Meat and won't take no for an answer; the lady who mans (womans?) the checkout counter always has a smile and a kind word; and the guy behind the butcher counter is gruff, hilarious, and disturbingly good with a knife.  Prices are high, but hey, any area that has both an Eyetique *and* an Apple Store is going to be outrageously affluent (and so its shops are obviously going to be outrageously overpriced).There's almost no parking to be had.  Most of the cars on Walnut seem to belong to people with too much money and too little competence behind the wheel.  So, if you value your life, come here on foot.  Then again, if you valued your life you probably wouldn't be eating their incredibly delicious (and incredibly high-calorie) sandwiches in the first place ...During our first year of marriage, my wife once wanted to make me pot roast for dinner, and so she came here to ask the butcher what cut of meat would be best.  He was so touched by this that he gave her the best he had.  Whenever I think of Shadyside Market & Deli, this is the first memory that comes up -- and it never fails to bring a smile to my face.
<review# 1028,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/16/2012,6/1/2013,2678,1419,19,26,24>In the middle of the previous week, I had yet another concert to attend at Altar Bar, and with gigs come visits to restaurants near the venues. Kaya had been on my brain for months, and I was on a mission of sorts to try them out, but all I knew was that they were on Smallman Street. I strolled down Smallman, a road that for the first quarter or so is pure industrial loneliness, particularly after dark. I passed Kelly O's: Closed as was Smallman Street Deli. I almost went into Marty's Market since it's new, but Kaya had me under a spell, whispering to me on a soggy Wednesday night as watery, formless headlights floated towards me, "Before your show, you must come and taste...the Caribbean, boy..."But I couldn't find her!Dodging cars, I trudged forward. Knowing that I was getting close to Altar Bar, I was about to settle for another nearby restaurant...until I heard those rhythms, those beats...It was Kaya, and she was waiting for me. I opened the door and immediately felt as if I had entered a houngan or shaman's converted urban hideout. Masks of wood and dolls of straw hung in the gloomy, sultry, but lively and welcoming atmosphere. Businessmen dined amongst slackers. Professors and students ate alongside...me, the anomaly. Autumn, my server, casually approached my table, her eyes smiling, glistening in the brown darkness. "I looked up the menu online, I already know what I want," I told her."Shoot," she replied."I want the Cuban Sandwich." I didn't see it mentioned or photographed on Yelp yet, and it was inexpensive. "Dining alone?" Autumn was perplexed by my solitude. "Well yeah. I'm meeting friends at a show.""Wiz Khalifa!" she blurted. Pittsburgh's hip-hop star and lover of Mary Jane was in town that night."No, it's Sonata Arctica.""Who?""They're a power metal band from Finland.""Oh. Ummm, is that your scene?""I guess.""Oh, I'm sorry.""No, it's cool. I'm just not used to it being put that way.""Metallica changed everything you know?""Yes, they did, didn't...they?"Just as the conversation was getting...awkward (There was a tension between her and I for some reason, initially only. Hipster vs. metalhead?), I requested a side dish of fried plantains. Alas, there was no such thing on the menu that evening, but with a desire to please, Autumn rushed back to the kitchen and brought me two plantain chips. "These are on the house," she assured. And crispy and sweet they were. Immediately, our dissimilar musical tastes became irrelevant and all that mattered was our shared love of food. "It's cool that you like plantains," she gushed. "I don't know why we don't sell them. Maybe next time."That's when she recommended the Conch Chowder to accompany my sandwich, and a fine luncheon foil it was. Not having ever had conch before, I wasn't sure what to expect but was pleasantly surprised to find that it was akin to a clam that was more "to the teeth" if you dig. The milky broth never coated my tongue enough to miss the conch's oceanic flavors, nor did it allow the subtle nibble of the poblano peppers to go undetected. Sweet potatoes and corn merely disappeared and resurfaced in the pale liquid, frolicking like children in a swimming pool, adding texture and sugar to the warm, solacing, tropical stew, rounding it out if you will. Guilefully dimidiated on a bias, plated in a manner that creates the illusion of height, and served with a bowl of shocking orange chipotle aioli and some sour pickle chips, Kaya's Cuban Sandwich is street food morphed into haute cuisine through presentation alone. Tastewise, it is genius immaterial of where or how it is served and eaten. The turkey, pork, ham, Swiss cheese, and mustard are stacked in a deliberate sequence between with the flaky cuts of elongated baguettesque bread. I applied the pickles at Autumn's request and dredged each half of the sandwich through the ochreous, spicy cream before every bite, experiencing grains, sugar, salty proteins, dill, sharp cheese, and piquancy as actualized in the most exotic yet humble grinder you're likely to find in Pittsburgh. Once again looking to my mod, new, platonic acquaintance for guidance, I chose as my dessert (Kaya doesn't list them online for some reason) the Pistachio Pumpkin Pie. Served with a tantalizingly tart quenelle of cream cheese ice cream, a caramel glaze, and shards of pistachio brittle, it was apparent that "pie" was a misnomer. No, upon seeing and tasting this mildly decadent pastry, it seemed more like a dense, raisin-studded muffin in composition. By itself, this pumpkin cake would humbly satisfy a mid-morning hunger with coffee, but when paired with such creative companions in the aforementioned candy and frozen dairy product, it became a stroke of the sublime. With that, my affair in the Lesser Antilles had ended. Kaya, you haunt me...P.S. Autumn was efficient, accommodating, adorable, groovy, and didn't charge me a dime for the chowder.
<review# 1029,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/5/2013,8/30/2013,33,416,2,7,2>Upon reading the menu, I noticed the prices were expensive (especially for the Oakland neighborhood); however, the portions are large and are equal in terms of quantity per dollar in comparison to the other Asian Fusion restaurants in the area.The quality makes MS88 worth it. The menu boasts to use fresh ingredients, and the dishes hold true to this claim. I ordered the Spicy Kimchi Seafood - it was a seafood broth with thick noodles. The spices blended together well to form a great flavor. To my surprise, it was actually served spicy; usually, I find dishes to be under-spiced, but I can assure you that I left MS88 with clean sinuses and a full stomach.I came with a friend who is a very picky eater, and he ate until he was full demonstrating his approval to me.Our waitress, Anne, was superb. She was extremely knowledgeable on the menu and attentive.
<review# 1030,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/22/2013,8/29/2013,59,85,3,3,2>This is just a kick-ass little lunch spot. The rare downtown joint with relatively easy-to-get street parking, this place has the trifecta  -- great food, great service, and a few bottled beers that I like (there's just something about Peroni, I don't know). I split a prosciutto and mushroom pizza with my wife, which at about $10 is perfect for two. It came out quickly and had the perfect thin, crispy crust you can only really get with a wood-fired oven. With plentiful seating and tons of topping options, there are no minuses in this food equation. Only skip it if you hate pizza and/or happiness.
<review# 1031,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/21/2013,8/28/2013,3,24,,1,1>If you are thinking about getting an aquarium or just need some new fish, Elmer's is the place to go. The best thing about Elmer's is the staff. They are very knowledgable about this hobby. If you are having problems with your setup, a staff member can usually solve it.The other great thing about Elmer's is their selection of fish. You will find both freshwater and saltwater here. Much bigger selection than the chain stores.Although they sell small pets and supplies, their main focus is aquariums and fish. You may find some supplies cheaper at other stores but overall I think Elmer's is the best choice in this area for aquarium supplies.
<review# 1032,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/10/2013,8/27/2013,351,500,,5,3>I've dined here thrice now, sushi on every visit, so that's the only thing I can review, other than atmosphere and service, and it's all good. The sushi is treated with care and respect, and arrives to you in manageable mouthfuls. Fresh, fresh, fresh, and beautifully prepared. The miso soup and salad are also very good. I am greeted each time immediately upon opening the front door with a smile and seated promptly. Sometimes the servers get busy, but they watch each other's tables, so you shouldn't go long without some attention here. I think this is the best sushi in the South Hills, and I've not had better in Pittsburgh, though I've left some places untried yet. Delightful.
<review# 1033,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/17/2013,8/26/2013,53,433,2,3,3>Loved, loved, LOVED Isis Cafe. It's a great new restaurant on Brookline Boulevard. I had Bat bel Assal whuch is duck with a honey sauce, rice, and veggies, and I thought it was to die for. I also recommend the Samboosa (ground meat in a flaky pastry), Zabadi bel Kheyar (like a cucumber salad with pita), and the desserts: Belila and Basboussa. The former is like rice pudding, the latter is like a coconut cake or macaroon. Also perfect was the lemon orzo soup and the house salad. The hibiscus tea was refreshing. The service was great! What a wonderful family-run business! The mother is the main cook!They need to take down the Brookline Produce sign if they haven't already.
<review# 1034,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/15/2013,8/25/2013,48,370,,10,4>I went to the grand opening of the Livermore and I am really excited about the food, drinks and ambiance.  The owners have kept most of the historical details intact and have lovingly restored the space.  The name Livermore comes from the legendary stock market trader and author of How to Trade Stocks, Jessie Livermore.  Livermore was famed for making and losing multi-million dollar fortunes and short selling during the stock market crashes in 1907 and 1929.  I think the restaurant captures a sense of the early 20th century, evoked by the high ceilings, stained glass and tile work.  The food here is all made from scratch, including the artisan bread.  One highlight is the delicious Crostini that come in 5 different varieties.  The drinks are made using old school techniques, they don't use any shortcuts, and they are all high quality.   Some cool things about the restaurant include an authentic antique cash register.  The bar is made from the wood salvaged from a bowling alley, so as you can imagine, it looks rather old and impressive.  Another feature is the huge shop window that looks out into the street.  This is definitely a cool place to hang out, I know that I will be back.
<review# 1035,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/13/2013,8/24/2013,66,81,2,4,3>Since moving to Pittsburgh I have spent a lot of time trying to find a salon for a haircut and color which (1) Had a  good stylist (2) was close to home (3) not too pricey. I chanced upon Capretti & Co while on a shopping spree at Settlers Ridge. After months of research,I selected Renee as the stylist I would trust with my tress. Fingers crossed and praying that I would not leave with a bad hair job I entered the salon. I was immediately greeted by the receptionists who quickly relieved me of my coat and offered a beverage and mixed nuts.The pampering continued once I met my stylist Renee who, started off my session with a wonderful head massage and then went on to wow me with her coloring, sniping and styling skills. If I had to describe Renee in a word, I would call her a PERFECTIONIST. Her attention to detail and the care and single minded focus with which she tackled my hair blew me away. I loved the fact that for the entire 3 hours that I got my hair colored and cut she concentrated only on ME. There were no other clients scheduled or "squeezed-in" while I was waiting for my color to set...something that I commonly experienced while in Boston. What I personally am most excited about...the color and the cut was EXACTLY what I wanted and in sync with the pre-cut/color discussion which again was a pleasant surprise. Another positive is, being an Aveda salon, the products used were gentle on the hair and without any harsh chemicals. I also loved the ambiance of the salon on the whole. All the stylists share a wonderful rapport with each other and their clients making the atmosphere on the whole a happy and comfortable one. My mom who had accompanied me, got a pedicure while waiting and could only rave about Sara's (her pedicurist)  leg massaging skills. All I can say now is: I have succeeded in finding my stylist and hair salon in Pittsburgh...Thanks Renee and Capretti & Co! You have yourselves another loyal customer!
<review# 1036,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/27/2013,8/23/2013,27,76,7,6,5>I am a native Pittsburgher, but my soul belongs in the south with soul food and all that other good stuff!After celebrating the end of finals, I sauntered over to East End brewing with some friends. After a few tastings, we decided we were hungry for some RIBS. Off we ventured into the cold, the wind cuttting like shrapnel as we traverse the path from East End to showcase. Our foray towards the smoked barbeque glory would have made Edward Hillary proud. Our heads looking down to the ground, and holding on to our caps, we continued in single file and single purpose.Showcase was a beacon of light, reminscent of the smoldering campfire in the middle of the woods to ease weary travellers. The equipment was simplistic, half drum smokers wafting a delicious and time honored recipe into our nostrils. As we huddled inside, taking in our surroundings, we saw that other travelers of all walks of life underwent the same pilgrimage to this protein laden Mecca. Samples of ribs, greens, turkey legs, and macaroni and cheese were passed around in a communion to the gods of barbeque. Moist and succulent morsels dimmed the conversation to non verbal affirmations and murmurs of delight between mouthfuls.The staff was pleasant, undertaking their holy work with gusto and pride.Showcase, I am a believer.
<review# 1037,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/28/2013,8/22/2013,74,140,,3,1>My favorite Thai place in the Pittsburgh area so far.  It's a tiny hole in the wall place so if you come at a busy time it may be hard to get a table.  Everything I've had has been really delicious and the staff are super friendly.  I particularly like that they have curry noodle dishes since those are hard to find.  I tried both the green and read curry noodles and both were delicious.  Prices are reasonable and they also do take-out.  My only complaint is that the inside dining room rather cold both times I went.
<review# 1038,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/30/2013,8/20/2013,16,169,,3,2>EB is the place to go to escape the hustle that is the strip district on a Saturday afternoon. While waiting in what seemed like a never ending line for Deluca's, I noticed a small sign across the street that said breakfast and lunch served here. I hurried across the street to check it out while the ladies continued to wait in line. I first entered the bakery and was engulfed by the sight and aroma of fresh baked treats. Before I realized it, I was part of a line to order. Oh what the heck. Might as well get a few biscotti while I'm here. So many flavors to choose from! I was also enticed by the croissants but decided to hold out seeing I had yet to eat lunch. After ordering my biscotti, I asked about lunch service and was directed to go around the side of the building and to the back. As I walked to the back, I was transported to a small cafe in Italy complete with an open kitchen and small tables outside the restaurant. The decor drew me in, I didn't even need to see the menu. I quickly ran to the street and waved the ladies over. We were immediately seated and given the lunch menu (11:45). Oh, no breakfast options? Oh well, lunch looked amazing. I ordered the original sangweech with italian meats, mozzarella, sauce and field greens. The ladies decided to both get the margherita pizza. Our lunches arrived quickly and I eagerly dug in. The bread used for the sangweech was pizza dough. So, imagine a pizza with italian meats, cheese, topped with field greens folded in half. That's a sangweech. A near perfect sandwhich. My only criticism is that there seemed to be a lot of field greens and not much sauce. If the field greens were dressed with an italian dressing, this sangweech would be a home run. After eating half, I decided to pack up the other half and take it home so that I had room for dessert. Our server chatted off the list of bakery items available. I chose the chocolate croissant. Kudos to me on an incredible choice. Light, flaky, smooth chocolate. This could have easily been something I had purchased from a french bakery on my recent trip to Paris. I was hooked. If you're in the strip and what a different experience from the loud and over crowded shops, sneak back to EB. You won't be disappointed.
<review# 1039,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/10/2013,4/8/2013,22,58,,8,2>If you love Pho as much as I do, this is the place to go in Pittsburgh. Pho is one of those dishes where every step counts, and taking shortcuts really affects the final product. I'm glad to say, Tan lac Vien doesn't take any shortcuts with their preparation.The additions included a nice selection of the usual suspects, bean sprouts, cilantro, thai basil, and hot pepper, as well as culantro, which was an unexpected delight. Sriracha and Hoy Sin were also provided.The service was fantastic, in no small part because the owner was working the front of the house, while her husband was in the kitchen. She seemed very nice and accommodating, and even though the menu indicates 'no substitutions' was glad to make changes when requested (to fit our dietary restrictions). The restaurant itself is small, but don't be mistaken, there is additional seating available upstairs, (about another 30 seats). Of the over 30 establishment's I've had Pho in, across five states, this was the best single bowl of Pho I've had.  I've only visited once (so far) but already I can't wait to go back.
<review# 1040,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/3/2012,4/6/2013,93,143,2,3,2>Most bakeries will have one or two things that are amazing, and then a bunch of mediocre stuff that they don't sell a lot of but that fills their cases.  At Jean Marc's, every single thing I've ever tried has been AMAZING.The macarons, the cakes, the shortbread...seriously, it's the best.  My favorite thing here are the salted caramel macarons, but I can't emphasize enough that EVERYTHING is good!  The girls at the counter are always friendly, and there are usually samples of different baked goods out as well.  Definitely give it a try!!
<review# 1041,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/17/2012,4/5/2013,143,349,4,4,3>I really like this place, particularly for lunch.  I feel as if it's underrated and doesn't get the attention and patronage it deserves.  While I'll admit I don't go there often for happy hour I'll focus my review on the food I've had with a shout out to their martinis.  The sweet potato fries are fantastic - best I've had in the Burgh and their maple aoli for dippin - yum!  I usually get the chicken wrap (grilled) with a side of the sweet potato fries, I haven't been disappointed every time I order this.  The martinis I've had here are delish and can rival the ones at Olive or Twist.  I think I've heard people complaining about the costs of the drinks...ummm martinis are usually pricier and you don't need 5 to make an impact, unless of course you are looking to wake up in an unfamiliar place or facedown on the street.  Go on give it a try!
<review# 1042,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/13/2013,4/4/2013,95,245,2,4,1>I waited to try this place, given the iffy reviews it got when it first opened....  I'm glad I finally did try Stack'd because last night I had one tasty burger!I think my first question about Stack'd was...  where IS it?  It's in Shadyside off Walnut, in the space that was the Pittsburgh Deli Co.Last night was a Tuesday, which meant that the Stack'd burgers were 1/2 price.  The special applies *only* to the Stack'd burger which is a two patty burger.  I was disappointed because I wanted the small burger, or the chicken sandwich.  I think this is the kind of food issue only a woman would have, as my males friends were ready to chow down.There are endless combinations of ways you can order your burger.  You chose the size of your burger, and they also offer chicken and veggie burgers. You have your choice of bun:  sesame, kaiser, wheat, no bun, and a wrap.  There is a very long list of sauces to choose from, and just about every topping you could ever imagine.I had the Stack'd burger, on a sesame bun, with American cheese, sweet baby Ray's bbq sauce, a little bit of pineapple mayo, pickles, romaine lettuce, red onions, and a toasted pineapple.  It was EXCELLENT.My friend got fritos and a fried egg on her burger.  i would never ever order that but she seemed to enjoy it...and you know, I like having the opportunity to have, say, fritos and peanut butter and general tsos sauce on a burger!My burger and a pitcher of Yuengling ($6 pitchers on tuesday) came to $11.50.  Not too bad!  I recommend this place highly, and if you're not sure about the food--just come on a Tuesday night when the burgers are 1/2 off.
<review# 1043,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/10/2013,4/3/2013,60,584,,5,4>I stopped by here this weekend with my girlfriend for lunch. We had an unexpected delay in Squirrel Hill and decided to look up a good place on yelp.  As soon as cool ice came up it reminded me of some good reviews I had seen in the past and so we decided to go there.  The inside of the restaurant is nice with both the chairs and walls having bright and vivid colors (think blue, red, yellow, etc.).  We were greeted almost immediately upon entering and given out choice of seats.For my lunch entree I decided to go with the salted pepper chicken over rice while my girlfriend had the beef noodle soup.  Our dishes came out in a reasonable time and both looked good.  I first started by tasting my girlfriends dish which had a wonderful broth with a hint of spiciness at the end that the noodles took on.  Her beef was also good and for a split second I was sad I didn't order it until I tried my chicken.  The coating was a beautiful brown color and was crispy while the inside was moist and hot in temperature.  I loved it and the slightly salty crust paired perfectly with it making it the tastiest chicken I have had in a long time.  My chicken also came with cold bean sprouts and something else, maybe a cabbage that had some semblance to haluski (I am part polish after all).  Finally there was the rice which had a sauce on it and was slightly sticky which made picking it up with chop sticks easier.The bottom line for me is that I would definitely head back here in the future.  The food was awesome for the price (less than $9 an entree) and the service friendly.  I am also eagerly awaiting the warm weather so that I can try some of their shaved ice which they had pictures of on one wall.
<review# 1044,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/5/2013,4/2/2013,63,180,3,6,4>This place is by far the coolest museum I've been to in some time.  Granted, I'm relatively new to the whole art thing as I've only recently gotten into checking out art museums and galleries.  So while I don't have a true sense of crazy modern art, I was kind of blown away by what was at the Mattress Factory.  Some of their permanent collections like the room with toys/dolls and the interactive set-up with the models and room with mirrors/dots were super cool.  What probably blew me away the most was the exhibit in pitch black where you kind of chill for about 15 minutes and wait for these light dots to appear.  It's so trippy!  You can't quite tell if you're vision is totally messed up, or if it really is light that you're seeing.  No, I'm not high right now.  You really need to see it to believe it.Honestly, this museum is simply an extension of the neighborhood in which it is located.  When you go visit, take some time to explore the surrounding neighborhood, including the community gardens and local architecture.  It's quite unique and almost has this southwestern feel to it.
<review# 1045,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/14/2013,4/1/2013,45,257,,3,3>I've been hearing amazing things about this place so when a friend told me she wanted to try Thai food, I told her this was the place we should go.  A Double Take Deal and BYOB made it easy for her to accept my invitation.  I picked up a bottle of white and we met on a Friday evening to catch up over what we hoped would be a good meal.  We were not disappointed.  In fact, I don't even know if words can express how amazing our night was.It was one of those magical nights where everything was just so lovely.  My friend and I shared some good conversation (along with that bottle of wine) with each other as well as our dining neighbors who could not have been more delightful.  Our waitress was attentive and we were very pleased with the service.  The food also surpassed my expectations.  While I was overwhelmed by the menu, I was very excited to see several duck items featured.  Not many places offer duck and when they do it is maybe one lone item.  On this night I luckily found Crispy Duck Cashew written on the specials board for the day.  It made my decision easier.  My friend went with the Crispy Chicken Cashew special and we started with an order of the fried spring rolls.  Our meals were delightful and we were enjoying ourselves so much that I ordered dessert.  After seeing the sticky black rice with pumpkin, I could not say no.  It was definitely the right decision.I'd like to go back for more.  Perhaps to try one of the salads or soups.  I've learned to be careful when ordering a spice level, though.  4 is about as much as I can handle.  All in all, I say the atmosphere created by Red Orchid is definitely gong worthy!
<review# 1046,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/7/2012,3/31/2013,63,35,3,4,2>Salt isn't a place I come for a meal. ok, yeah it is. But! I come just as much for the EXPERIENCE. My BF was visiting from SF and I thought it would be a fun to try out something new together. We called for reservations on a Saturday night. 'Sorry,' they said, 'they were booked, but stop by since there were communal tables.' We went there around 8p and to our surprise, we were seated almost immediately (thanks!) We were so glad we didn't have any plans after too, because this meal was 2 hours or so and every bite was perfect. We had to wait a bit for the food, but hey, when the company is great, who cares? We couldn't decide on what to get so we decided to share a few small plates and an entree- best decision we made that night. We shared the escolar (my fave!), peach (i think), sweet breads, snails, and for the entree, the trout. At first I was uneasy about the 'general-ness' of the plates as I'm used to hearing all about how something is made before I decide. But all of that melted away as soon as I had my first bite.  Everything was so delish! Even with the trout that was prepared with few textures (I'm a textures girl) I completely appreciated the artistic expression of the chef and their craft. All the flavors were deconstructed, so every bite had a different taste to appreciate. Each chef also prepares the plates with their own flare, so no two plates will be the same. Salt is a place where you can trust your chefs!It seemed that our server planned each dish to complement the one prior and after because when we ordered the dishes, the server had suggested the order of our meal so we knew what was coming and when- I wish I had the server's name but thanks for the experience! I've been back about a month after this and the menu was slightly modified. I don't mind, it makes the experience more fun- I can't wait to come back again and try what they have in store for us!
<review# 1047,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/2/2013,3/30/2013,23,75,2,3,2>Pittsburgh has a right to brag about this place. It is THE best burger I have had, perhaps I haven't had a good burger yet, but these burgers are the epitome of burgers.I may have to break it down by the building blocks of burgers. First off you have choices with the Custom Creations that include a wide variety of styles (see the pictures for a menu.) The bread is soft and fresh, warm, toasty but not crunchy or chewy. The meat is juicy, well cooked and flavorful. The toppings and additions to the burger add a flavor and style that is unmatched. The milkshakes will bring the boys to the yard. The milkshakes are thick, oozing with flavor, and a perfect portion. Burgatory isn't just a burger joint, they serve foods that aren't typical to a burger joint; it breaks the burger barrier. The service is rather minimal since a lot of the work is done by the patron. It isn't quick but its worth the wait. The interior is nice, dark, and my best guess would be urban. They ask for your phone number so they can text you when your table is ready, it beats carrying those vibrating discs. I have heard the wait is long, but depending on when you go, I guess the wait is different. My wait was only about 10 minutes for 2 people. They have nice art on the wall and an algorithm on the wall to help make your choices. The only downside I see here would be the density of seating. I felt the seating was too crowded. I was about 1.5 feet from my neighbor. I don't think I've ever had a smile while eating, but this burger just made me so happy. It is definitely a unique place in Pittsburgh and a taste of larger cities that it needs. I will come back as soon as I can.
<review# 1048,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/3/2012,3/29/2013,45,195,3,5,3>Great, cheap, filling food!The ambiance - mix of rustic and modern.  Very loud.  I would come here with friends since it doesn't really scream romantic.The food - Great!  I had the slow-cooked beef noodle dish.  The beef was tender, the beef broth had great flavor and the noodles were cooked nicely.  Next time I'll try something with a thicker noodle.  Vegans/Vegetarians - The Pad Thai can be made vegan with tofu and without egg.  My girlfriend really enjoyed this dish and we were both so stuffed that we were unable to finish our plates.The price - For 2 big plates of food our bill only came to $19!  Please be aware: they only take cash.If I'm craving a big, warm, filling bowl of food then I will be coming here.
<review# 1049,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/15/2012,6/28/2012,104,86,3,3,4>I will be making a lot of excuses to whip out my laptop and "work" here. I love this place.It has a great vibe and it's a good spot for working or hanging out because it's not crowded (seriously! take your coffee to go so I can have that table!).I had a coffee and it was yummy, crack-filled goodness. But, my nephew got the triple latte, I think it's vanilla, caramel and mocha, I can't exactly remember, but it tasted like heaven and unicorn tears. Honestly, I think little cherubs were flying around sprinkling love and magic in it. It's sooooo good. You must try it.
<review# 1050,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/14/2012,6/27/2012,103,298,3,6,4>I've been meaning to try Umi for what seems like forever, since I am a huge fan of Soba downstairs. But it just seemed like I didn't have a reason since this is such a "special occassion" type of place. So I was super excited when Sheryl T. organized a UYE here. I wanted to let the dinner marinate in my head a bit before writing the review (well actually, I've just been really lazy and terrible at writing reviews lately), and I'm not exactly sure what to say about it other than it was outstanding.Most of us did the 8-course omakase. The portions are interesting, it starts out with a couple very small plates (tartare, sashimi) and you're thinking like, "oh my god, I'm going to be so hungry after this." But they get more substantial with some nigiri and a couple warm plates, and finally a gigantic dessert and at this point you're like, "oh my god, that was way too much food." Overall, the tasting menu played out nicely. My faves were the nigiri (creative, but in a way that pays homage to sushi rather than bastardizing it...not that I don't like spicy-tuna-fried-scallop-topped-with-tuna-tataki etc etc...but this is not the place for that), the miso black cod (simple, but done well), and the rock shrimp tempura (the sauce was a little heavy for me, but the shrimp itself was light and succulent in a way that I didn't know deep-fried food could possibly be).The desserts are the same ones found on Soba's menu and as I said, they are pretty rich and ridiculous. Actually, if I had any one thing i'd change, it would be that I would prefer a lighter dessert to complement the type of food here, but that could be because I'm just not a big dessert person. But it was pretty awesome to get to try every dessert on the menu! (I guess that's what happens when six ladies go out to dinner together...haha)I would definitely come back again, although it is very pricey so it's not so much a place to come and stuff your face with maki, and more of a birthday/anniversary/graduation/other major life event celebration spot. So, I guess I just need to find an excuse to come back. Thanks again for organizing, Sheryl!!
<review# 1051,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/16/2011,6/26/2012,1891,388,3,10,6>Good shrimp and wings! Hook has been in Pittsburgh since 2005. This Hook location is on Frankstown Road in Penn Hills across from Rey Azteca. It is pretty much a take out location by they do have a few tables to eat your food there if you prefer. As far as seafood they offer catfish fillets, nuggets, cod, perch, regular and jumbo shrimp, oysters, scallops, tilapia and whiting. Dinners come in small, large and family sizes. All dinners come with cole slaw, fries and bread. As far as chicken dinners they offer gizzards, nuggets, tenders and wings and they are also available in small and large sizes. Wing dinners are available anywhere from 3 wings to 150 wings. They also offer chicken and fish combos including: catfish & wings, perch & wings, catfish cut & chicken tenders and perch & chicken tenders. For sandwiches they offer crab cake, cod, perch, tilapia, whiting and chicken tender sandwiches. All sandwiches come with fries and cole slaw. For sides they offer cole slaw, okra, fries, hush puppies, jalapenos, onion rings, mozzarella sticks and jalapeno poppers. For desserts they offer cheese cake, peach cobbler, banana pudding and assorted cakes. I really like their fries and jumbo shrimp. The jumbo shrimp are HUGE! The wings are very good also, they're just on the small side. I like my wings big like at Honeybee's in Homewood.
<review# 1052,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/6/2011,6/25/2012,31,46,1,8,3>This review represents many "firsts"...a) my first post as Yelp Elite (in San Francisco such a status requires much relationship building, review writing, and general hobnobbing whereas in Cleveland you're invited to be Yelp Elite just by friending the right Yelper...oh, Cleveland), and b) my first post back home on the East Coast.  Living in Cleveland, I get to spend one or two days a week with my mom back home in Pittsburgh, where I'm discovering the foodie scene is pretty. damn. awesome.Take Aji Picante, for example.  We walked in post Bikram Yoga Squirrel Hill class around 8pm on a Friday night, no reservation, clutching a bottle of Trader Joes wine I'd brought with me, and they were able to squeeze us in.  And the experience was PERFECT from start to finish.  Our half-Peruvian waitress was just the right amount of attentive, genuine, and friendly...she provided the sort of service where you wonder if a 22% tip is enough.  The ambiance was warm and inviting and only a little loud.And the food...oh, the food.  The Causa de Langostinos was strange and spicy and delicious, a mushy blend of mashed potatoes, avocados and shrimp that somehow works perfectly.  We devoured our Torrejas de Choclo and scooped out every last bit of that minty sauce.  But the highlight was the special of the evening, a squash and vegetable stew that came served in a little pumpkin.  The perfect dish to warm up your insides on a cold night.And because it's BYO, with two appetizers, an entree and a dessert (the rustic creme brulee, not too sweet and very, very rich) the total cost was not bad at all.  I'm starting to think that the food snobbery I've built up after years in the fine dining industry in Philadelphia, and years eating my way through San Francisco, will be well satiated in Pittsburgh.  Cleveland better step it up!
<review# 1053,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/5/2012,6/24/2012,118,112,1,5,3>So I don't ever go Downtown because well Downtown is kind of icky. Eh, whatever I guess that's really besides the point. Anywho, After getting my eyebrows done at Princess Nails from Michelle (EYEBROW FAIRY!) I needed to cut a new set of keys because apparently holding onto keys is lost on me. I doubt my landlord wants to be woken up at 2:00am to let me in again either. After calling 7349651474 locksmiths that wouldn't duplicate keys because they're stooopid someone from the Office Depot sent me to Ulrichs Shoe Repair. Yes, Shoe Repair. Fix your shoe, make a key. Upon entering Ulrichs (I think it was the owner) was super friendly and I'll give him credit for being somewhat funny. Gave him my keys and in literally 30 seconds flat both keys were made AND they both worked. Usually going to somewhere like Home Depot you have to go back like 3 times for the key to work properly. Not in this case. Overall customer service amazing. Quality of service amazing. Plus super cheap too! $2 bucks a key. Um that's a deal if I ever saw one.
<review# 1054,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/8/2011,6/23/2012,64,177,2,5,2>Of the few Zoos I've had a chance to visit the one in Pittsburgh is the most enjoyable one thus far.  I've been at it for the Kidney Walk the past three years and even with the temperature in the 30's (in the AM) then in the 60's (in the PM) it is very nice.  Animals always seem to be in "good spirits" although sometimes I feel some of the feline cages are a tad small.The aquarium is STUNNING.  The seahorses at the very beginning and the penguins halfway through the tour are just absolutely beautiful and FUN to watch.  I always think of home like walking around the tropical fish slash tropical vegetation section that serves as the ramp between floors 2 and 1.  And the shark tank is both imposing and impressive.There's quite a bit of walking to do a this zoo, and much of it is on hilly territory so comfortable shoes are a must!  Still it is certainly worth the walk and the visit!!
<review# 1055,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/30/2012,6/22/2012,33,63,3,3,2>After reading a review of Industry in the City Paper I knew I wanted to check it out.  We stopped in on a Saturday afternoon around 4:30pm for a cocktail and appetizer.  The place is a huge u-shaped bar, with a handful of tables scattered about.   Although the number of TVs hinted that this is the place to watch sports in Lawrenceville, the drink menu suggested way more than sports pub.They have 40 taps with several local brews and an impressive drink menu.  I ordered the Robber Baron, which is made with vodka, vermouth, pickle juice, and a pickle spear. Whoever thought this drink up must have been reading my mind.  It was a perfect cocktail for someone who loves pickles.  The boyfriend had a cocktail with cherry infused whiskey, which was just sweet enough to hide the fact that it was whiskey!We ordered a flatbread with fresh mozzarella, basil, and roasted tomatoes.  The serving was small for the price, and didn't really resemble flatbread so much as a pita with toppings.  Despite that, the fresh toppings did not disappoint.I hope they start posting their food and drink menus online.  I will definitely return for another pickle cocktail...I can't get anything like it anywhere else!
<review# 1056,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/19/2012,6/21/2012,34,104,3,7,3>Like Tom Cruise in the '80s, this place has all the right moves. I really look forward to eating here whenever I get a chance.The menu isn't huge, but everything I've had is made perfectly. It's the kind of food I categorize as simply delicious: you can taste ingredients, it doesn't feel over done or over wrought. Very easy to enjoy.There are plenty of tasty items for vegetarians, from hand made pizzas and salad to soups and grilled cheese. I typically get  a grilled cheese and whatever their vegetarian soup of the day is, and the only disappointment is when I've reached the bottom of the bowl. Since the restaurant space has both booths and tables, I imagine it can accommodate a larger group, though I always recommend calling a restaurant ahead to ask their advice, if that's what you're planning. If you're on a work lunch, expect an ok turn around on getting the food on your table, but I'm not sure you can do it if you are on a 30 minute break. I recall it takes at least 45 minutes from order to finishing your meal.The Porch has a really comfortable, modern space that is welcoming. Wide windows let bright light into the expansive dining room. It's a detail so small, but I love the cloth napkins that they use that look like a smaller version of a kitchen tea towel. You'll order at a counter when you come in and seat yourself, but don't fret: there are servers/busers that peruse the dining area to bring out your food, refill waters, and attend to anything else you might need. They have been very friendly in my experience. I'm so looking forward to spending some time on Porch's porch when the warmer months hit. I expect it to be lovely to hang around Schenley Plaza with a refreshing drink, excellent food, and good company.
<review# 1057,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/5/2012,6/20/2012,69,269,3,5,3>Subway calls their line folks "sandwich artists."  If those people are considered artists, then the cooks at Primanti Bros are friggin' Picasso.  If you've never sat by the grill, you should, just to see them in action.  On a busy lunch day, it's not uncommon for them to have 15 things going at once, and they keep track of what's what via...broken french fries.  I've never seen or heard them get anything wrong, either!  While I wouldn't call them chefs, as the menu at the end of the day is simple, they definitely have a solid skill set at the griddle.If you've never been to Primaniti's, here are a few tips from a seasoned veteran.  Tip 1:  Always get fried egg.  Always.  On everything.  Tip 2:  Pick up a bottle of hot sauce and sploosh it on the fries...those of you complaining about bland fries definitely need to try the hot sauce technique, as it makes a definite difference.  Tip 3: The "cheesesteak" sucks and is a travesty that people are encouraged to order this abomination, as compared to many other items of deliciousness on the menu. Tip 4: I'm a  big fan of capicola (with egg) and the colossal fish.  The fish is huge, and you will feel like a fat kid if you finish it.  Tip 5: A 23oz  "Iron" is only like $4.  Get one and talk like a Yinzer for a complete experience.The Market Square location is just as good as the original in the Strip.  Oakland is meh, Southside comes up third in my book.  I haven't been to others.  If you're coming in from out of town though, any of them will fit the ill.
<review# 1058,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/30/2011,6/19/2012,143,349,6,8,2>If you're thinking of any sort of cosmetic enhancement whether it's plastic surgery or just a wee bit of botox, then I highly recommend you trust your body parts to The Skin Center.  They are professional and courteous and will ease whatever fears you may have about various procedures.  I see Lois when I go and she's very professional, friendly, and knowledgeable.  Above all she's careful and is empathetic to your concerns.  She's been doing her job for 12 years so you're in good hands.  If you've been debating on getting something nipped, tucked, shrunk, plumped, smoothed - you get my drift, then head over to one of their several locations they have around the Pittsburgh area and I think they are also in Ohio.  I have been to an awful medical spa in the 'Burgh but that review is yet to come as I still am seething about it and this is a year later.  I need to gather my thoughts before I pummel that place.
<review# 1059,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/3/2013,1/11/2013,65,131,3,3,3>I tried this place late on a Thursday, so the crowd was sparse. The set up is cool, a bar to the right and tables to the left. There isn't a whole lot of seating so I would guess at certain times it's tough to get a table. The drink menu boasts quite a selection and there are plenty of draft beers to choose from too. Yo Rita takes a progressive approach to taco dinning. They have selections from traditional chipotle chicken to outlandish takes on the taco.We ordered:1 Chipotle Chicken1 Artichoke Heart1 Cubano1 CalamariAll were good and paired with different sauces to complement the meat or veggie. They only one I might not order again was the Artichoke Heart. Not that it was bad, just the other three totally overwhelmed it. The Cubano was the best, a perfect pair of meat, Dijon mustard sauce and dill pickle.All the tacos are in the $5-$10 range. This might sound expensive, but the tacos are huge and 4 are more than enough to feed 2 people.
<review# 1060,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/19/2012,1/10/2013,48,221,3,5,4>Wow service, wow deliciousness. Though perhaps a tad pricy (but it's seafood...come on...seafood is always a bit more expensive, especially when it's the good stuff).  I was blown away.  I can say this about very few restaurants.  My husband may want to yelp about this place himself, so I'll only cover the things I ate.The lobster bisque was amazing.  It had huge chunks of lobster.  It was perfect.  I got the pumpkin swordfish.  There was no pumpkin in the dish, but then the chef came out and explained that this kind of swordfish is from a particular region in the ocean where there is a large abundance of shrimp.  So the fish eat mostly shrimp and get a pink/orange hue.  The CHEF came out and explained that to me. I didn't ask.  Wow service.  The swordfish was really good, as were the potatoes and veggies that came with.  Dessert - their cheesecake are sososo good.  One of the best I've ever had.  I could really taste the vanilla extract, which is a taste I thoroughly enjoy.  While eating our dessert, the owner (Luke?) comes and gives us (for free!) two grilled oysters smothered in butter and parmesan.  These oysters were the kind that you needed a second after you finished eating them to re-gather yourself.  They were quite possibly the best bit of food that has ever entered my mouth.  Yeah, we're going back.  Soon.  Love it.
<review# 1061,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/3/2012,1/9/2013,48,120,5,8,5>This place is the definition of a diamond in the rough. Situated on Old William Penn Highway not far from the 376 Plum Exit, they have sandwiches that are not only a great value but big on taste.Forget Primanti Brothers this place has got the sandwiches you crave. Sure there is something to be said for the Pittsburgh classic of fries and coleslaw on a sandwich, but even double meat at Primanti's doesn't match up to wad of Boars Head meat Minitalia is slinging out on their sandwiches. The decor is a little discombobulated but don't let that throw you. You are sure to get a good sandwich and good service as this Monroeville eatery. I interacted with both associates working this Sat afternoon both were very friendly and helpful.If you are in the neighborhood give this place a try. You will not leave hungry I assure you.
<review# 1062,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/2/2012,1/8/2013,2678,1419,21,32,27>We'd been meaning to try Tamarind for some time but didn't get around to it until this evening, and I am elated to tell you all that everything we had from starter to main to end was -- to put it simply -- a treat.I am not Sherlock Holmes and thus am no expert on spices. My (damned) acid reflux also makes partaking in painfully high spice levels an act of poor judgement. I also like to taste what I am eating aside from seed-borne heat. The spice fiends of the Yelposphere who think that food is bland and worthless unless it deadens their tongues may scoff at my moderate intake of all things peppery, but I prefer my food to be a pleasure to consume, not an exercise in masochism. Having mentioned that, I found no issues with the pungency of what I ate.  In regards to my entree, that being Lamb Korma, I asked for a 5 and got something that playfully nibbled at my tastebuds without overtaking the other components of the dish. Rich and succulent as a Hungarian ghoulash, the Korma reminded me of an even creamier interpretation of the more conventional (and famous?) Lamb Curry. A squiggly line of what I assume was yogurt was drizzled atop the gravy for presentation. The lamb, braised exquisitely, was as delicate and suety as the zenith of pulled pork. Exactly what spices were in the Korma, I couldn't tell you, but they were there, hiding underneath the buttery flavors and even permeating the avocado and walnut-colored room. Accentuating everything, usurping nothing, the essences were indescribable yet omnipresent. Kay's Tikka Masala cruised on a track parallel to the Korma, but included chicken, tomato, and onions to liven it up further. Kay was unable to finish her portion, so I...intervened. Both dishes were so luscious, when our excellent, friendly, and (interestingly enough) non-Indian server came by our table to see how our dinner was proceeding, I merely looked at her, closed my eyes, hummed, and swayed, much to her amusement and relief (the poor lass was dealing with a difficult party as we dined). Our first course consisted of the savorily tangy bread pudding vs. falafel of Dahi Vada. The fritters of lentil could have been a dessert had there been milk and sugar involved, but instead, both of the large "fried donuts" came to us in a pool of raita (a white yogurt sauce) and embellished with carrot shards and other vegetables. Velvety and served chilled, I felt that this would be the dish to serve with or after something particularly piquant. Nonetheless, the weightless patties were an ideal counterbalance to the entree.Rather than go with Naan, that staple of Indian cuisine I've enjoyed countless times, I opted for its billowy, crisp, hot fat-baptized variant in Batura. The most savorous fried dough in all of gastronomy, the gilded bread itself was feather-light, had bubbles all through it, and revealed a hollow interior when pulled apart to dip into and soak up whatever we pleased. If any Indian restaurant decided to open a booth at a carnival, they'll do well to make plenty of Batura for it is fair food that is at once familiar and exotic. I have had Batura before, but it had been so long that I had forgotten what it was called. Tonight's dinner was a pleasant and decadent refresher course on this Asiatic sopapilla. I almost went with an Indian dessert such as Rasmalai to conclude the evening's experience, but when I found out that Tamarind makes their own cakes in their own bakery, I just had to take a pop at one. Feeling like chocolate cake (Tamarind has a wide assortment), we each went for just that and were pleased to find that it was moist, constructed ornately with multiple layers, ethereal in texture, and iced with an equally airy coffee-tinged frosting that resembled mousse. We were assured by our server that Tamarind does not buy their cakes elsewhere, and I am still trying to tell myself that I did in fact have myself a truly blissful cut of chocolate cake...from an Indian restaurant.  How common is that? Savoring India, indeed. Drive up that winding road to find the hidden shopping plaza in the suburban sky and deliver thyselves unto culinary Vaikuntha.
<review# 1063,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/4/2012,1/7/2013,61,73,3,2,2>I've been to their sister restaurant (Point Brugge) before and been really pleased and this was no exception.   It's a little out of the way from where I live and in the middle of a residential area but worth the effort to make a trip here.  This restaurant is a little larger than Point Brugge so I would anticipate a shorter wait.The staff were really accommodating.  We had a very large group and after requesting a table for 8 to 10, we ended up with 14 people.   They made extra efforts to get everyone seats at our table and making sure we were accommodated.  With a group that large, I anticipated slow service and the food did take a while to come out and drink requests and refills were slow.  I imagine the service is much more personal and quicker for smaller groups.  I split the dinner moules frites (mussels and frites) in the spicy creole sauce with someone.   The sauce was nice and spicy and had great flavor.   It was great for dipping the bread they provide (which is a little on the crusty side) and gave a nice taste to the mussels.   With a lb and half of mussels, bread and fries, this dish was perfect for sharing.  They also have a good beer and wine selection and a nice bar area to sit at while waiting.
<review# 1064,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/28/2012,1/6/2013,65,125,2,4,2>You know you're going to like a place when you ask the bartender if food is still being served, he looks at his watch, starts to shake his head 'no,' then says "Why not? Whatcha in the mood for?" After settling into the zebra-printed dining area of this classy hipster haven, both myself and my guest opted for the Turkey Burger Sliders. I had a [bartender's choice] Pinot Noir and he had a Yuengling. The wine was GOOD and the burgers...very good, huge and perfect.  These are not your average sliders. Each burger unto itself is probably what an average burger portion should actually look like. So, like any good American, I ate all three in no time.  My guest had his traditional-style; on a bun, with bbq sauce.  I opted for the wheat pita/hummus version and we both left happy and satisfied, with a slight buzz.  A nice Friday night all around and I can't wait to go back!
<review# 1065,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/23/2012,1/5/2013,11,44,,4,2>In sum, consistently fresh delicious baked goods. Come early. It is worth the wait in line. I would not be surprised if zombies start appearing on Butler. If I were a zombie, I would dig myself out of the graveyard up the street and grab a nice hot cup of La Prima coffee (that they brilliantly serve) along side buttery, flaky, and scrumptious brioche, pain au chocolat and the quintessential croissant. I have been here numerous times, but my favorite visit was this past Saturday morning. This zombie do not like to get up early in the morning. Yet, this Saturday I was able to convince both Jared and I to partake in the goods.I have not previously had the paris-brest or délice de pistache. However, after reading others recommendations for such and confirming aesthetic appeal, I ordered both. The nerd within felt the need to research these tasty treats. I was impressed by the history in these delights. I came to learn the paris-brest is pastry made to honor the 1981 Paris to Brest race. Hence, the wheel shape of the choux. Naively, I was thinking it would resemble the tire I will be wearing around my waist with the calories I consumed! I much prefer the French history and not my own. Nevertheless, this delightful pastry has all the sweet and playful bubbled texture of most choux, but its cavernous hallowing was not for any cream- but a hazelnut nut kissed one. The hint of roasted hazelnut, an ever so light touch of sweetness, and the richness of the cream. Worth every single calorie. I will wear my tire with pride.The délice de pistache a demonstration of the magnificence of pistachios not so much a historical precedent as the paris-brest. Choux dressed with a pistachio mousse that supported a thin plate of dark chocolate. The subtle flavoring of the nuts paired with rich fresh mousse and a thin dark chocolate sheeted tier was perfectly balanced in taste. Admittedly, I would have preferred a drizzling of chocolate as opposed to the thin sheet. The sheet made for awkward eating. However, I felt my personal preference may not be an appropriate deduction. I also partook in the broiche. I cannot come to this place and leave without broiche. Airy and buttery, flaky and sweet, ahh the broiche! This visit was the first time I managed to contain myself from eating broiche in the car ride home. The broiche was still delicious- even hours later. I only wish I purchased more than one!
<review# 1066,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,9/6/2012,1/4/2013,69,61,3,6,2>After moving from Bloomfield, and leaving behind my beloved Thai Cuisine, I finally found a place to get my fix. I went here with my bf and I have to say that it was pretty good.  The restaurant was busy, but we were seated right away.  It was a little hot due to lack of central air, but they had fans going, so that helped. There was only one server, but I was impressed on how he handled a busy restaurant.  My water glass was never empty.Whenever I try a new place I always order Pad Thai....if they have a good Pad Thai, then they're worth my next visit. LOL.  It was good.  I got a level 8 spicey and enjoyed it.  My bf got a currie & brown rice which was pretty good.  We split and order of spring rolls.  The food came out quick and was timed very well after our spring rolls.I enjoyed  Thai Spoon and I'm definitely going to hit it up again.
<review# 1067,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/13/2012,1/3/2013,28,146,5,6,5>What can I possible say about Round Corner Cantina that hasn't been said already? Guess we will see!I love tacos, so obviously a place that serves nothing but tacos, and tacos done right, is very appealing to me. The outside of the building is really cute, quintessential Lawrenceville, and it literally has a rounded corner. Thanks, Captain Obvious! From the outside of this brick building, you'd never guess they had quite the substantial outdoor courtyard that they do, but on a warm day it's an ideal place to sit and enjoy one of those margaritas. The La Cantina margarita is outstanding, there doesn't seem to be a reason to order anything else (although there are many spirit options!),  and there's just something comforting about drinking tequila from a mason jar. Maybe it's me. The guacamole is really fantastic and fresh, and you get a huge portion of it for $5. The chips are a bit on the greasy side, but it's obvious they are made fresh daily, and usually by this point I'm down half a margarita at least and don't care quite as much. The chunky pico de gallo is really quite good as well. There are two vegetarian options on the taco menu, the tacos de seitan and the tacos de rajas con papas. The latter have poblano peppers, cooked potatoes, corn, the fantastic chihuahua cheese, cilantro, and RADISHES. I can't stress how much I enjoy radishes on my tacos. I had no idea I was missing this from my life/taco repertoire until I visited Round Corner Cantina. The seitan tacos also have radishes(!), a refreshing avocado salsa, stewed onions, and the seitan is prepared in this spicy-ish sauce that I could put on my cereal. I've never had seitan prepared so expertly. Even if you aren't a vegetarian, you owe it to yourself to try these tasty little numbers.The service has always been decent, kind of slow, but not terrible. Also, if you had never been here before, you'd walk in and just think this place was a small bar. You have to walk past the bar and around a corner to find the dining room and patio, it looks like you are heading to the bathroom, it isn't obvious. The plate size that the tacos come on I also find to be a bit curious, as it is barely big enough for the two tacos that come with your order, which makes things a bit messy. But maybe that's just me. None of these things could ever stop me from craving that seitan taco. With radishes!
<review# 1068,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/11/2012,1/2/2013,28,193,1,4,3>I kept passing up the chance to try Station Street because I was never in the mood for an adventurous hot dog, but now that they've added some tacos, I allowed my curiosity to get the best of me...and I'm glad that I did!I'm already looking forward to going back to explore some of the other options, but in my first visit I opted for the duck confit taco, brisket taco, and the hawaii dog. We also tried the fries. The fries weren't anything spectacular, but the two tacos were excellent! The only thing that I enjoyed at Union Pig & Chicken was the brisket, and the fact that you can get a healthy serving of that delicious brisket on a taco for such a good price alone is worth the visit.The duck confit taco was also delicious, and I would definitely recommend.My only complaint was the hot dog. While the flavors were excellent, the sweet soy and pineapple made the bun entirely too soggy. By the time I started eating the hot dog, the bottom of the bun looked like I just dipped my hot dog in water at a Nathan's hot dog eating contest. Fortunately, the flavors were good enough for me to power through the nastiness of a soggy hot dog bun. Next time, I'll be sure to eat the hot dog prior to the tacos.Overall, I had a good experience at Station Street. The only downside was how the cook reacted to my wife's strange request for a duck confit taco...without the duck. I'm not sure why he was so reluctant to make it happen, but he eventually caved and made the taco. The meal was smooth sailing after that. Looking forward to the next visit! Enjoy!
<review# 1069,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/15/2011,11/29/2011,74,65,4,4,3>Went here the first day it opened. We actually were their first table! Woo! I actually was going to do the first review for Eden on yelp... but somehow hit the "back" button and lost everything. :( Our server was super sweet and charming, and the food was healthy, fresh, and delicious. Our smoothies and the food took awhile to come out, but we were very happy with our dishes by the time they arrived. It was the first day, so I figured they were probably figuring out the kinks. My husband got the black-bean burger with a side salad with a fantastic, creamy raspberry vinaigrette that was made in-house. It had just the right amount of seasoning and the garlic mayo added a nice savory bite to it. I had a simple garden salad that came with tomato, avocado, cucumbers, broccoli, and feta cheese. The balsamic vinaigrette was delightfully creamy and made in-house as well. The salad wasn't quite impressive, since it could easily be made at home... but I still loved it, and it was only like $5 or $6. I don't think either of us were blown away by our dishes, but we left feeling very satisfied with our food. Can't wait to try out the dinner menu! Too bad I don't make it out to Shadyside very often...
<review# 1070,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/30/2011,11/28/2011,103,298,6,6,8>Alright, Burgatory/BRGR/every other trendy gourmet burger establishment that has popped up in Pittsburgh within the past year--it's time to start trying harder. Or maybe, stop trying, because it might be impossible to reach the level of delicious that is Winghart's.Maybe I'm exaggerating...am I? The burger I had here was most definitely in the top five burgers ever eaten in my life, and THE best in Pittsburgh, though to be fair I'm semi-new to the area and have yet to try Tessaro's. I had the Shipwreck burger: Bacon. Brie. Carmelized Onions. Arugula. Truffle Aioli. TRUFFLE AIOLI--I didn't care what else was on the burger, if I hear "truffles," I'm there. Even though I don't generally like onions, I decided on this rare occassion I would trust Mr. Shipwreck and just order it as-is instead of my usual laundry list of additions and omissions.Of course I was excited, but I was also a bit nervous. Every one of the toppings has an intense flavor that can easily overpower. But by some miracle, it not only worked, it was perfection, with a complexity that you just have to eat to understand. The burger itself was not quite as red as I prefer, but it was so juicy that it actually didn't matter. Oh, and it's about twice the size of BRGR's pathetically portioned patty. I'm totally in love.Negatives:1. Location. I don't go downtown unless I absolutely have to because of obvious transportational issues. Plus, it's not exactly the most happenin' neigborhood in town. UPDATE: Problem solved, there's now a second location on the Southside!2. The signage. Ed Hardy called, and he wants his logo back. But hey, it's marginally better than BRGR's (no excuse for using Papyrus on anything other than the title page for a 9th grade essay on Ancient Egypt). So, keep rockin' it out Winghart's...that awkward heart tattoo won't stop me from enjoying your obscenely good burgers!
<review# 1071,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/11/2011,11/27/2011,40,52,,7,4>Well, I'm late to the party in reviewing this fantastic restaurant (see Andy S and Rosalind C, both of whom I dined with last night). I read over their reviews and they are mostly spot on.  Rather than re-write their reviews, I'll just point out a couple of places where I disagreed or just want to elaborate on.- I think the rib eye was excellent. Yes, maybe not the most flavorful meat on its own, but I think the point was to avoid the meat overpowering the other flavors on the plate. Maybe I'm wrong, but it really worked for me. - I agree with Rosalind that the amuse was a great way to start the meal, even if, as she said, some of the other members of our party found it a bit too tart. It made for a beautiful pallet cleanser (the whole point) and really got my appetite up.- One thing left out of the other reviews is that the portion sizes were perfect. When we started our 7 course culinary adventure (and it really was an adventure) I was ready to loosen my belt and get that "it was great, but way too much" feeling. Thankfully, that was not the case. The portions were just the right size to end the meal feeling full, but not overly so. Nicely done!- As for the service, yes, we may have tripped them up a bit, but I don't think it detracted from the meal at all. If anything, it endeared the waitstaff to our table. - The ambiance may have been my only concern. The table we were at was dead in the middle of the rather small restaurant, and I'm sorry to say that we were those annoying guests who were just a bit too loud (there were 6 of us and there was a good bit of wine). But really, that's only because everyone else dining in the restaurant was nearly silent and the acoustics carried our voices farther than they should have. Perhaps a bit of thought to sound dampening would serve the restaurant well.In sum, whenever the chef moves his operation to Pittsburgh, he will absolutely blow the 'burgh food scene out of the water. If this restaurant doesn't make it to the top 5 in Pittsburgh, someone needs to seriously re-calibrate their scales. And, without doubt, Notion should be awarded best new restaurant in town.So, my advice. Go to Notion. Get the chef's tasting. Get the wine pairing. Enjoy. You'll thank me* later. *us
<review# 1072,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/6/2011,11/26/2011,351,500,,6,4>It took me way too long to discover this little gem of a restaurant, but now that I have, I'll be going back regularly. Doug found it, actually, while looking through Yelp reviews, so we both owe a big thanks to the other Yelpers out there for your guidance.The first thing I noticed about this place was how clean it is...absolutely spotless, which warms the heart of an ex-restaurant worker such as myself. There are two tables which both seat 3, and four seats along the bar. It was quiet when we arrived, and that was nice, as it gave us an opportunity to chat with the woman who was waiting tables and helping out in the kitchen. She was helpful and friendly, as was Yong Kwon, the owner, who works wonders in that tiny kitchen of hers. We started with the Korean pancake, which we ordered with potato...she asked if we wanted more veggies, and we said yes. This pancake was delicious...crispy and a little brown on the outside and creamy within, with plenty of vegetables inside. This pancake comes with the cole slaw and pickles, kim chee and sweet potatoes that had been marinated in soy, garlic and maple syrup then roasted in the oven. Everything was perfect; I especially appreciate that the sides came to the table room temperature and not straight from the fridge. Things taste so much better when they're the right temp, and the chef knows this. We went for the Daiji Bulgogi, marinated sliced pork that's served in a rich chile sauce that's slightly sweetened and garlicky, and the Buldak, a chicken dish that featured chicken thigh pieces in a very spicy chile sauce. Both dishes were spicy, with the pork dish having a greater variety of flavorings in it that balanced nicely between sweet, spicy and garlicky. The chicken dish was more a one note sauce, and tasted pretty much of straight chiles. I've had sauces like this in Mexico...dried red chiles pureed and mixed with very little else... and I love them. Both dishes were superb. I'll warn you here...you had better like spicy food if you're going to eat here. I understand some dishes here pack less heat than others, and I'm sure I'll discover which ones as I make my way through this menu. Yong runs the kitchen alone, so call ahead if you're in a hurry. My future plans are to go when it's slow and have a leisurely time of it, as we did last night. Yong is very friendly and obviously enjoys her customers, so you really do feel like you're in her home. Lovely place, lovely woman, and great food.
<review# 1073,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/4/2011,11/25/2011,138,226,4,5,4>Had a five star lunch here: crusty baguette with sliced ham (none of that loafed-up deli stuff), gouda, tart granny smith apple slices and spicy mustard. Perfectly delicious. I opted to add some of the house-made ginger syrup to my iced tea. It added just the right amount of sweetness and spice.Of course I can't leave without a baked good, or should I say baked great? Pumpkin spice torte is a multi-layed stack of fluffy cake and creamy pumpkin filling. It was so light, tasty and big enough to share...and I don't usually share my baked greats. Next time I'll stop at Beyond Bedtime Books down the street and pick up some reading to enjoy with my treats. It would be a great way to spend an afternoon.
<review# 1074,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/14/2011,11/24/2011,206,143,3,3,2>Quick public service announcement: if you don't get a waffle cone here, you're a fool.  My jaw drops every time I see someone get ice cream in a cup here.  It's a fresh baked outrageously good waffle cone, people. With an M&M for added leak prevention.  If you don't go for it you're just being stubborn.       Over the years I've brought many out-of-towners to Dave & Andy's to get the best cone in Pittsburgh. If you're into toppings they did the "manually bash up candy bars" thing way before Cold Stone or Marble Slab.  As far as I'm concerned the only place close to this is Handel's, but if you put a gun to my head this is No. 1.
<review# 1075,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/14/2011,11/23/2011,43,94,,3,1>After bemoaning the fact that I had a not so great Thai lunch a few weeks back, I got some messages from fellow Yelpers that I should try Nicky's Thai Kitchen.  This place is only half a mile away from my North Shore office.It's tucked away on a beautiful block of Western Avenue.  I would have driven by this place had it not been for my GPS alerting me to the fact that it was on my right!  I lucked out and got a parking space right in front of the entrance - street parking only, no lot, so factor that in to your lunch break if you are like me and on a tight schedule.I got there about 12:45pm so it wasn't quite the lunch rush.  Good thing because there are just a few tables for dine in service.  They were doing a very brisk takeout service.I went with my old Thai standby:- Pad Thai with chicken and tofu, medium spiceIt was cooked perfectly and absolutely delicious.  I asked for the spice tray which was very comprehensive: Sambal, Thai chiles in fish sauce, dried red pepper flakes and something else I couldn't identify (sugar? that doesn't make sense but that's my guess).  The Pad Thai was very tasty without it tasting like a ton of MSG.  It even came with soup (chicken rice today) and a little crab rangoon.  The damage including tip was right at $15 (Pad Thai plus $2 extra for tofu and $2 for a Diet Coke).  A little pricy for lunch, but well worth it.
<review# 1076,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/15/2011,11/22/2011,143,349,3,4,6>Surprise, surprise...I think I may like pierogies. I wouldn't call myself a pierogi connoisseur and honestly I've never really enjoyed the pierogies I've had. I always thought, "What all the fuss about some dough stuffed with a bit of potato - or whatever they are stuffed with?!?!" Well now I know! Went to BBT with a fellow Yelper and we got a sampling of the pierogies (the potato and cheese and the sauerkraut, we opted not to get the cottage cheese). I was expecting to have a similar experience of all the other times I've had a pierogi, but to my pleasant surprise this was quite different. The potato and cheese pierogies are really stuffed with potato and cheese so it's not like your tasting alot of dough with some potato flavor. The sauerkraut wasn't too krauty if that makes sense - it was alot milder than I thought it was going to be, but this was fine by me. I like sauerkraut but I think the milder flavor suited the pierogi. Thank you BBT for introducing me to pierogies I actually like!
<review# 1077,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/20/2011,11/21/2011,31,22,6,7,7>I have only been to the strip district location and i can't get enough of this place (my waist not included).... Its a few blocks from my yoga studio and even after 90 painful minutes of sweating out carbs i always find myself back here. I recently discovered their basil pesto bread and it has become a weekly staple. It is simply the bomb. com. Fresh,soft and spicy. Just dip it in some olive oil and vinaigrette and you will be on cloud 9. I have always gotten my pizza dough and bread crumbs from here and they are both well made and cheap I refuse to shop anywhere else. Their breads stay fresh for a really long time too. My only wish is that they stayed open a little bit longer on weekdays (they close at 4 pm).
<review# 1078,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/9/2011,11/20/2011,94,203,1,5,4>Pastries, brownies, doughnuts, breads, cakes, cupcakes, cookies, danishes, muffins, and more.  Reasonable prices and fresh goodies!  Today was my first experience at Pranti's.  BF and I walked in and it was packed but the wait was not long before someone asked what we wanted.  My eyes darted back and forth trying to pick something.  That was a challenge.., Finally after talking to the counter girl, my BF, and myself I decided to go with a brownie and a cookie.  BF picked a doughnut.  The bill came to under $4 bucks.  The chocolate chip cookie was as thick as a blondie bar but bigger in circumference.  The brownie was enormous and has walnuts in it.  The doughnut was chocolate and vanilla frosted and my man ate it up within 2 seconds flat.  Addicting!  Delicious baked treats.The coffee cakes here with the white powdery stuff on top looked so good.  Maybe next time....
<review# 1079,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/4/2012,3/14/2012,18,98,,8,4>There are two main points to consider when deciding whether to go to Union Pig and Chicken (that probably explain the love it/hate it reviews on Yelp). If you can get over point #2, then you'll enjoy your meal here. If you cannot, then you'll probably not enjoy your meal and should just get a WSM or Big Green Egg and make your own BBQ at home.  1. UPG is the best barbecue in Pittsburgh. I would argue that outside of Lockhart, TX and Memphis, TN, it serves some of the best brisket and pork shoulder I have tasted. And I am crazy enough about BBQ to drive 4 hours out of my way when in Texas to hit City Market and Kreuz's. 2. While the price range is within reason by comparison to other Pittsburgh restaurants of comparable quality, for BBQ, it is outrageously expensive. Expect to pay about $25-45 per person, depending on the number of drinks and sides you order. The aspect I find to be problematic with this pricing structure is that it means  most people who live in East Liberty cannot afford to eat here. To be fair, that is also true for Spoon and Whole Foods. The atmosphere is very causal.  Everyone sits at one of two long wood picnic-esque tables (like the downstairs at Salt), side by side. The lighting is dark, but it's cozy. It looked like a zoo on Friday night, so we ended up going at 9pm last Wednesday evening and didn't have to wait for a table. We tried the brisket, pork shoulder, st. louis style ribs, corn bread, greens, mac and cheese, and beans. All of the sides were heavy, but delicious. The mac and cheese is definitely in contention for best mac and cheese along side Point Bruge and Casbah. The brisket had a perfect pink ring in the middle and was exquisite. The pork shoulder was very tender, as it should be, and the juice it came in was fantastic. The ribs had the right pink ring, but they were a little on the dry side.  The bourbon selection is good, and the cocktails are great. I had some onion-bourbon cocktail that basically tastes like BBQ, which was excellent (if meat-flavored cocktails are your thing). The tangerine cocktail was great as well.
<review# 1080,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/1/2011,3/13/2012,15,81,2,4,4>Finally made it to this gem by the Waterfront - formerly known as a culinary wasteland of chain restaurants and long lines. After a soul-crushing time slogging through the Waterfront parking lots, this watering hole on the other side of the tracks is an oasis with its plentiful good beers on tap. I was surprised by the lack of burgers, but if you're in the mood for a meaty sandwich the brisket sandwich was devoured by our neighbor at the bar. We opted for the nachos and pork tacos for an abundance of good bar food with a highlight of clearly home-made salsa. The name of the game at Blue Dust is "home-made" with their jars of treats sprinkled around the bar from cherry peppers stuffed with cheese and soppressata to bacon-infused vodka. The atmosphere is bright and clean - with lots of windows and plants - not common for a bar. The bartender's laid-back joking attitude dressed in a floral Hawaiian shirt really set the tone. The crowd for a Saturday lunch was a friendly mix of regulars from all walks of life and ages. Overall, this is a great little neighborhood spot in a struggling neighborhood.
<review# 1081,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/10/2011,3/11/2012,34,104,2,2,3>I am really lucky to have Phantom of the Attic as my LCS (i.e., local comic shop), as it is less than a block from where I work. On my breaks (insert laughter here), I wander into PotA and get lost in the displays. One thing I am really impressed with is the layout and feel of the space. It is modern and clean (unlike even the best comic shops I've been to) and the displays are set up really well, making it easy to look at their offerings. You'll find a wide array of current and back issues as well as omnibus collections, graphic novels, books, posters, movies, some toys, tee shirts, and more. Being the serious Star Wars and Doctor Who fan that I am, I am usually sad to see that there aren't a lot of figures representing these two franchises, but we can't all be pleased. However, what is pleasing is the staff of PotA, who are friendly and very willing to help and answer any questions you might have.Some good things to know in general:Parking is on the street and depending on the time of day or day of the week, may be hard to come by. Don't be thwarted from your quarry: look down one of the smaller streets just off of Craig for a spot, but be sure to mind the signs as parking authorities are heavy in the area.
<review# 1082,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/31/2011,3/10/2012,31,40,1,4,3>Yum, yum, yum! These burgers are the bomb. My man and I went here to grab lunch one weekend, after hearing rave reviews, and Winghart's totally lived up to the hype! I had the Shipwreck Burger, medium-rare, and he had a cheeseburger with ketchup and pickles, well-done, because he's a baby. Anywho, my burger was awesome -- they toast the buns on the griddle, which i love, plus it was oozing with Brie, caramelized onions, truffle oil, bacon, and I don't even recall what else. I just know it was fantastic. The buns are large enough to hold the fairly large patties, but they're nice and light, so you don't feel like you're eating more bread than meat and toppings. However, I must admit that when our food came, I didn't touch my burger for a few mins, because I was gobbling up the fries! Their fresh cut fries are phenomenal!!! I couldn't get enough. There's malt vinegar sitting on the counters, too, so I splashed some on. Love, love, love fries with vinegar.I also must note their awesome on-tap beer selection (I had a hard pear cider), and whiskey selection, of course. They had a bottle of double black Johnnie Walker, which we'd never seen before, and our waitress (Crushin' D) was so kind as to bring the bottle over for us to check out, she told us a bit about it, and she poured a li'l sample for my BF to taste. She was also just friendly and all-around knowledgable, which I always appreciate.The space itself is pretty small, tight, and dark, but it totally works. It's the right ambiance for them! They do accept credit cards, and I saw a dude come in to pick up grub, so they do take-out too, which is good to know! All in all, Winghart's deserves top marks, and I'll definitely be back for more.
<review# 1083,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/10/2012,3/9/2012,181,458,,3,2>The only reason I didn't give Verde 5 Stars was purely due to the longer than expected wait. The food was killer good!The special lady friend and I arrived around 6:30pm on a Friday so a crowd is to be expected and I didn't have reservations. In my opinion if you aren't really in the mood to be hanging out all night I recommend making a reservation. When I arrived I was told a wait time of about 20- 30 minutes. We were able to stand at a small table in the bar area the special lady had a margarita that she really enjoyed and I sampled some as well and I must say they were indeed delicious and strong. Oww! When I began to get a little irritated when I observed multiple tables still open and I had been waiting over 1 hour. At about 1:20 we finally were seated. The staff had acknowledge that our wait was excessive and had apologized but apparently they weren't that sorry because they didn't really acknowledge it after that. Once we were seated I made some observations that a few other tables had to walk up to their servers in order to get their checks closed out or to get some more drinks ordered. Also a few tables that were seated when I arrived were seated when I left I hope they had a good time. This place should instate a policy like Piccolo Forno where there is a strict time limit about how long your dinner is allowed to last. It makes for a pleasant experience in my opinion that way the host can give you a very accurate time about how long the wait is or you just make a reservation and a seated in an ample amount of time.Food wise we ordered the flautas. They were not your typical flauta but better they were crispy and very tasty. The smoked Chicken filling really make these a flavorful appetizer. The Tomatillo salsa was also very flavorful, not spicy but just a great somewhat tangy flavor with a perfect consistency, not too thick and not watery. We also tried the Fish Tacos and Chile Rellenos. The fish Tacos were perfectly cooked. The Chile Rellenos were right up my alley. I really enjoyed them because they were not heavy and cheesey. They weren't deep fried either, I assume that they were grilled or roasted and then the chipotle sauce really added a nice smokey kick to them. They were pretty spicy for this guy but I would try themagain.There just seemed to be too many folks hanging out at tables drinking that I think should be for people waiting for dinner. I would almost consider this place a good bar with great food. The prices are right on for the food maybe a little high on drinks once happy hour ends. Next time I come back I'm definitely making a reservation. Go check it out for yourself.
<review# 1084,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/12/2011,3/8/2012,43,94,,3,2>I've been meaning to write up a review here on this place.  I've been on a quest for Korean food since moving to Pittsburgh.  I think I've found my place!I've been here for lunch a couple of times and then for dinner tonight.  All 3 times have been spot on with the food - service is a little unpredictable but I'll still give them 5 stars!Here's what I've had so far:- kalbi (beef short ribs) lunch - bulgogi lunch- bulgogi dinner- Philadelphia roll- shrimp tempura roll- California rollThe lunch is by far a much better deal.  You get a miso soup, salad, dumplings and 4 pieces of California roll with your entree.  The kalbi is so delicious.  The dinner portion of bulgogi ($16) tonight was huge and delicious.  Plus, a whopping 5 side dishes.  I gobbled up the rice and kimchi - I asked for seconds of both and there was still a few bites of bulgogi leftover.Sushi was OK - not their strongest item here but it's always great going to a Korean place that has some additional options.  The rest of my family doesn't enjoy Korean cuisine but sushi suits them just fine.  We all win at Dasonii.
<review# 1085,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/1/2011,3/7/2012,116,36,6,7,7>I'm a little afraid that by posting this review I'm tempting the indie film Gods to ruin this gem of a bowling alley by making a romantic comedy set here starring Michael Cera as a listless ball cleaner or something, but that's a risk I'm willing to take. The world must know about Arsenal Bowl.Arsenal Bowl single-handedly elevates bowling (a game that's only even remotely cool because of its association with The Big Lebowski) from a dull but convenient excuse to drink beer and make bad puns, to a fun excuse to drink beer and make bad puns. Its vintage décor is awesome--everything inside is oak, the lane numbers are carved in an old tyme style and painted gold, there are deep red curtains draped from the ceiling and the walls are covered in maroon fabric. If it's black lights and murals of bowling pins with human faces you seek, this is not the place to go. There's also a 'secret' set of lanes behind the ones that are visible when you first walk in. The hidden lanes connect to a separate bar, the Upstairs Saloon, so you can kick back a decent cocktail while waiting for your turn (I like to bring huge groups of people because the bigger the group the longer the wait in between my turns). Shoe rentals and games are cheap and every night of the week they have something different going on: karaoke, 80's night, college night, etc. My favorite are the $10 all-you-can-bowl nights.
<review# 1086,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/24/2011,3/6/2012,330,1031,,5,3>We were in the mood for Italian and wanted to try something different.  So, we decided to try Spadafora's.  We called on a Saturday afternoon and reserved a table for a later that day.  Parking is a little crowded.  And so was the restaurant.  We were greeted right away by the owner and lead to a banquet tiny table for two.  Service was fairly attentive.  BJ got his usual beer and I had ice tea. For our meals, BJ ordered a pasta special with hot sausage and shrimp and I was all about the Lobster Ravioli with Pink Sauce.  Both meals came with soup or salad.  BJ got the Spaddy salad, head lettuce, cucumbers, tomatoes, shredded provolone & mozzarella cheese, black olives with homemade Italian dressing.  Very fresh and good.  I got the wedding soup.  I liked it.  Loved the italian bread, but it would be even nicer served warm.  I was amazed by my ravioli.  I was expecting about 3 or 4 small pieces, but I got 5 or 6 huge pieces.  It was very good and I really enjoyed the pink sauce.  We were too full for dessert, but everyone around us was loving their pecan balls.  They were huge.  Maybe next time.   I can't wait to try their whole wheat pasta next visit.We laughed about how typical Western PA this place is.  One family was seated at the bar with their 3 little kids hanging off bar stools.  I bet they call in advance for a table next time.
<review# 1087,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/6/2012,3/5/2012,192,893,,8,5>I took my boyfriend to get the Omakase dinner at Umi as a Christmas present - it seems like the best location to go for a special occasion, something really memorable.We made a reservation for a Saturday evening, and got a little dressed up - with the dim lighting and sleek decor, it's fun to wear something here besides regular ol' jeans.  The host was very friendly, taking our coats when we arrived, and our server was equally gracious.  Umi is a place with truly skilled service, one of the few places I've eaten in town with utterly professional staff.  They are knowledgeable and skillful, and they added tremendously to our dining experience.The Omakase dinner is pricey, I think around $85 per person for seven courses and dessert, which is what we got.  The eleven-course meal, at around $130, just seemed like too much for our first try at this.  Alas, time has passed since our meal and I failed to write the courses down anyway, but here's the general scoop: Most of the seven courses were prepared raw.  I'd say five out of seven.  There were 3-4 sashimi courses - just raw, unspeakably fresh fish dressed delicately in various sauces and flavorings.  One course was gently fried tempura rock shrimp, another was cooked - I want to say black cod, but the rest were sashimi or sushi, appearing incredibly simple but tasting complex.  We took our server's recommendation for sake - it was pricey, but floral and delicious.  My boyfriend raved about the meal as each course came and went - we both had a wonderful experience.  I will give it five stars, but I hesitate only because it was such a pricey experience.  I have no doubt that the fish was impeccably fresh and certainly worth paying for, but the bill for two of us was well over $200 including the sake.  And the food, while excellent, was extremely light and delicate.  Now I'm not a big fan of being stuffed to capacity, but with an $85 meal, I hoped to have a little bit more food.  I was also hoping to have a little more variety - perhaps this was my ignorance, but I was surprised that 4 of the courses were sashimi - just four thin, amazing pieces of fish on a plate.  They were all wonderful - but it was a lot of sashimi.  I was hoping for something more substantial, more bold, perhaps?But that doesn't change the fact that every bite of food we did have was of impeccable quality.  I'd recommend omakase only to those who are celebrating a special occasion, love raw fish, and are willing to pay over $100 per person for food and drink.  I think in the future, I'd come back and just order a variety of sashimi and maki.  And Umi was a class act, from start to finish, with outstanding service and chefs who are clearly passionate about their product.
<review# 1088,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/6/2011,3/4/2012,69,269,3,5,1>I read my previous review.  It was short & sweet, but perhaps too short.  I want to emphasize how much I really, really, really love this place.  Every time I get stuck going to Giant Ripoff Market District, I realize how much those rat bastards overcharge for everything.  Penn Mac is so damned cheap for cheese, I can see why people come from all over the place to get it here. FYI...my favorite new cheese is Fleur Vert...it's seasonal, but a game changer of a goat cheese.  I paid $14.49/lb for it.  Giant Ripoff wanted $22.99.  Jerks.  Also, make sure to buy ricotta here...it's freshly made!  Be forewarned...you have to buy your cheeses in 1/2 lb increments.  They like me, so when I ask for a small 1/2lb, I can sometimes get lucky.  Seriously, go here for cheese, fancy meats (they have frickin' Iberian jamon...good luck finding that elsewhere) and random Italian things.  I wouldn't say the prices on everything else is as cheap as the cheese counter, but I heart it here and am sad that they're not open during normal working people hours(i.e. after 5pm on weekdays.)
<review# 1089,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/5/2012,3/3/2012,93,457,1,11,3>As part of my Christmas gift, my then boyfriend (now husband) purchased us a Thai Cooking Class due to our fondness of Thai food.  What a great experience and the menu could not have been more wonderful!  The food was amazing, the way that the class was taught was great too (everyone got to take part as a group rather than couples doing a course and then everyone coming together to eat it).  Over the course of these three hours, you get to eat a lot, learn a lot and enjoy a lot :)They have numerous other classes available as well- Italian, Greek, Tapas, Chinese, additional Thai courses, etc... They also can do private parties so that you can get a group of your friends together and enjoy some wine and learn as well. If you have never done anything like this, I highly recommend it!
<review# 1090,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/23/2012,3/2/2012,40,102,,6,3>Zeke's is East Liberty's only commercial coffee roaster. I feel pretty comfortable saying that, but please correct me if I am wrong.First of all, the coffee is excellent. It is small batched roasted, I'm pretty sure right now he can only do 1 or 2 pounds at a time! I don't have the most discerning coffee palate, but this stuff is good... nothing like what your friend roasts in their air popper.They have brewed coffee (I can't remember for the life of me if he does espresso) in addition to 6-8 by-the-pound offerings that were extremely freshly roasted... my pound was still warm! Averages around $13/lb.The storefront is pretty no-nonsense bare bones, don't worry about tromping a little snow inside or bringing in your bike with you to grab your coffee.The proprietor (I forget his name) is extremely friendly and welcomes a chat. He'll also do custom roasts for you, no minimum I'm pretty sure, especially handy if you want a half decaf blend or the like. I recommend calling ahead if you have a large order, as well.Hours are hard to find online, but I posted a photo of what was on the door as of today.
<review# 1091,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/4/2011,3/1/2012,104,143,2,6,2>I've been wanting to come to Tana for quite some time and finally had the opportunity prior to attending a Quantum Theatre performance. The restaurant space is simply furnished and comfortable. Service was pretty good considering the rush we were in, though our server did forget to bring out the wine. The prices are on the moderate end but if you come with a group, it'll drop the cost.We had the doro wot (slow-cooked chicken) and the yesga wot (slow-simmered beef) with four sides, the timatim selata and misir wot (lentils), tikil gomen (cabbage and carrots) and shiro wot (ground garbanzos). Ethiopian food is usually served family style and you eat straight from the plate so if you don't eat meat or beef (like one of my friends), you might want to ask that to be on a separate plate.The dishes were very tasty and seemed to work together well. The food was mild in terms of heat level and the flavors weren't overpowering. We had ours with rice instead of the injera, which is sortuv like an Indian dosa. I particularly liked the lentils (reminded me of daal) and beef. Overall, I was very happy with the meal and would definitely go back again.
<review# 1092,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/17/2011,2/29/2012,119,112,1,4,3>While my psyche does associate hotdogs with warmer weather, there wasn't much that could stop me from wandering in on my lady date prior to seeing a Christmas themed horror movie from the 70's at the Hollywood. If I hadn't heard such good things about this place I wouldn't have ever know it was there. Just a tiny little store front of a shop off the main drag in Dormont. It has a true Pittsburgh feel to it too. Something about it is just so comfortable and laid back. There is a little hutch with various handmade goods, local companies business cards, and interesting bits and baubles. (After further discussion with the AMAZINGLY friendly young man who was making our food, I found out the owner also makes soaps and spa gift baskets too!)Ordering was no easy task, to be honest. A hot dog is not just a hot dog here. There are so many different combinations of dogs! I finally decided on a Wisconsin Ave dog and a Pizza Dog. My friend is a vegetarian so she got hers as veggie dogs. (Any dog they have they can make as a veggie dog too!)The smells inside of this place are INSANE. When I think about hotdogs I'm rarely thinking about delicious smells. (I honestly thinking about my grandfather boiling hot dogs and I start to feel a little queasy.) This place is just packed with great smells. From the chili used, to cheeses, to the toasting of the bun when they do the final once over... all so good that it's making my mouth water now.The Wisconsin Dog was so so cheesy! Four kinds of cheesy goodness and still not greasy. The cheese sort of encompasses the bun in the end too. Mmmm shell of cheese. The Pizza Dog was better than I had anticipated. It had the perfect balance of  sauce, cheese, pepperoni. Perfect ratio.I couldn't find something to dislike about this place if I wanted to. If you like cheap fast gourmet hot dogs, this is your best bet.
<review# 1093,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/25/2011,2/28/2012,45,195,2,8,5>Came here once for the lunch menu and once for the dinner menu.  From the lunch menu I had the grilled cheese which was delightful.  The bread, tomato, and feta cheese mixed so well together that my tongue felt like it was in heaven.  The balsamic vinaigrette that came on the side salad was SUPERB!From the dinner menu I tried the special where you get to try everything on the menu for $15/person.  Please note: the dinner menu is purely raw vegan food.  I am not a vegan nor have I ever experienced raw food.  I was a little nervous by the menu since it was stuff I typically wouldn't order.  Once the food started coming WOW!  I am a believer!  If you're new to raw food or vegan food I would suggest the same route I did with trying everything on the menu.  It was ALL so delicious and bold (didn't need the salt).  Surprisingly the BEST absolutely TO DIE FOR item on the menu was the pumpkin pie.  I do normally hate pumpkin pie but WOW do I wish I had the whole pie rather than just a slice of it.  Just order it, even if you don't like pumpkin pie and you will be in shock over how happy your stomach is!  If you came here when it was the Juice Box Cafe this place is a little more grown up.  Even if the menu item looks similar to Juice Box Cafe the flavors are MUCH better.If you decide to venture out for the dinner menu I recommend you go in with an open mind and an empty belly.  Don't even look at the menu just trust that it all somehow magically works together (because it does).  GREAT change of pace from the regular options around Pittsburgh.
<review# 1094,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/19/2012,2/27/2012,51,252,7,9,5>Oh boy... Had only I known what I was getting into, perhaps I could have better prepared myself for this place. Then again, I seriously doubt one can prepare one's self for the indulgence of the Sweet Meat Burger. This candied-bacon burger, served up on a glazed donut bun, is not for the faint of heart. Literally, if you have heart problems, you probably shouldn't even be thinking about this thing. I had to stop and think about how to approach it. Pick it up and it'll glaze your hands like a Krispy Kreme; eat it with a fork and, well... you'll be known as the guy that eats burgers with a fork. Either way you choose to proceed, grab that tomato and lettuce and just toss them aside! Vegetables will only get in the way of your rising cholesterol.  I love the concept and and the execution of James Street Gastropub. The atmosphere is great and uniquely sets itself apart from the standard restaurant choices in the area.  Service was on point (for the most part). We never had to ask for a refill for our drinks.  As it was our first time here, I would have liked to be shown to a seat; rather we were told to just find a booth or a table. There was also an awkward moment when another employee interrupted our waitress as she was wrapping up with us. Despite that, we appreciated the attention and recommendations we received. The speakeasy is downstairs below the dining room, and although we didn't have the opportunity to explore, my imagination likes to think it's a pretty cool place. Their signage suggests they have live music in the evenings.  We will definitely find some time to make a return trip and experience more of what they have to offer. I recommend giving them a try if you're in the area. Quick tip: there's is a customer parking area on the side of the building, meaning there's no need to fight for an on-street spot!
<review# 1095,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/6/2012,2/26/2012,59,67,,11,2>I have been to Bite Bistro several times... living in Bellevue, then moving to neighboring Avalon, it's rare that I have a chance to brag about culinary attractions in the area.For those unsure about where Bellevue is, Bite Bistro is worth the extra work to figure it out and make the trip (it's really only a few minutes outside of the city!).  Bite Bistro is a welcoming restaurant, stylish and modern but comfortable and casual.  There is usually a nice mix of older fine dining patrons and younger couples and groups.  It's BYOB and they offer a lot of tasty mixers for liquor.  Many of the ones I've tried are a bit too sweet for me, so I usually settle with a bottle of wine or beer.  This particular trip to Bite I was concerned because nothing on the menu immediately jumped out as an easy choice.  They recently removed my go-to Prosciutto Sandwich (with St. Andres cheese, amazing sandwich), so I was desperate to find my next fave dish.  My husband ordered the Hanger Steak, which is a delicious mix of juicy flavorful steak and Bite's unbeatable fries.  Can't go wrong with that, but I was looking for something a little less heavy.  I settled on the Duck Breast and squash.  I don't remember ever having duck, so this was a leap.  It came out medium rare, sliced over top of tenderly sauteed squash, brussel sprouts, and fresh cranberries.  The duck was so juicy it was unbelievable.  I'm not usually a fan of fat on meat, but the thin edge of fat on one of the pieces was like butter mixed with the delicious duck.  The bitter crunchy cranberries and rich flavors of the squash and brussels was perfectly balanced.  My husband even liked the duck more than the steak (and the steak was good, people).  One thing I love about Bite is that I always have room for dessert, and they always have something that is interesting.  Tonight we treated ourselves to the goat cheese and warm cider dessert.  The goat cheese was so creamy and rich that I could have eaten a bucket of it.  Served with little pieces of bread and apples this was a great fall/winter dessert idea.  The warm cider was a nice finishing touch.  I have had dishes I like more than others at Bite, but I've never had any dish there that was not thoughtfully cooked, carefully presented, and creative.  I couldn't ask for more than that from a restaurant.  The service is always fantastic.  I would come here every night if I could!  Next time I'm there I'd love to experience a chef's tasting.  Keep up the great work, Bite Bistro!
<review# 1096,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/29/2011,2/25/2012,168,110,3,5,6>Eating pizza here borderlines having a religious experience. Ate here with my brother who consumes pizza like its his job. Vincent's had been on our radar for weeks and, upon pulling into the parking lot, I understood why. The place has this old route 66 roadhouse vibe, complete with crappy neon. But don't, dear friends, judge that proverbial book by its cover because the true magic awaited us inside.We were seated right away by a super friendly, young waitress. Big, clunky picnic table style seating, with a HUGE bottle of franks red hot on the table!!!! YES. We ordered out pies, 2 total: one with all of the meats (too many to remember) and another with onions, peppers and mushrooms. Both a size small. This pizza is more like a sculptural work of art, with a taste to match. The crust was light and crisp with a nice sweetness. Tangy perfect sauce and huge chunks of veggies just strewn about, like someone hand- ripped the green pepper and scattered it about. I love, love me some rustic throw-down pizza and I think that Vincent's just may be the best example of this I have ever seen, with a taste to match!Don't expect to get up and run the 5k after this one though. There are greasy gobs of cheese for miles here. You may fall asleep at the wheel on your way home so I suggest pairing this fantastic meal with a large fountain drink.
<review# 1097,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/10/2012,2/24/2012,43,178,2,4,4>A friend convinced me that buying bikes off of amazon is really bad idea so I reluctantly headed over to an actual bike store. Don't get me wrong, I'm all for supporting local jobs/stores but I fully expected to be patronized by some uber bike geeks about getting an entry level bike rather than a gzillion speed racer with titanium something or other. It turns out the folks at the trek store are super friendly, patient, and they let us browse around to our heart's content. More importantly, the lady that was helping us out had very very useful suggestions and lo and behold we ended up buying a bike I absolutely love. I even took the bike for a spin. Now, I can't say I'm a fan of their prices (I still am amazed I ended up paying that much) but they seem to have a decent customer policy.
<review# 1098,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/1/2011,2/23/2012,84,493,3,3,3>OOooohh poutine! You sound so dirty yet taste soo incredibly delicious in my mouth. J and I started off with this delectable treat, the frites were crispy, golden, spiced perfection, the white cheese curds lay on top of them like tiny pillows and then both are smothered in finger-lickin-good gravy. For dinner J was having a difficult time deciding so he turned to our server and asked if she had to choose, would she opt for the duck or the monk fish. After a long deliberation she concluded the monk fish was the way to go and J went with it. The portion of fish was quite generous as was the bed of cous cous it laid upon. I helped myself to some of that itty bitty pasta and was wonderfully surprised how flavorful it was. I also had a small bite of his fish (I'm branching out and trying new things) the fish taste was too overwhelming for me (I haven't ate fish in 13 years) but J enjoyed it thoroughly.   As for me, I couldn't decide either, the pumpkin ravioli caught my attention immediately but so did the lobster risotto, oh decisions, decisions! I settled my internal debate by just blurting out risotto and brussel sprouts. The sprouts were fried golden brown and were slightly crisped on the outer leaves. The aioli that accompanied them was the perfect compliment and I've been eating more sprouts in various ways ever since (I still can't get JB to try even 1, but that's okay, more for me!). The lobster risotto was divine. It was super rich and creamy with huge bits of lobster throughout.As for seating, I'm not keen on the communal booth on one side with tiny tables and chairs on the other side. Every table was so close to the next, it was difficult to have an intimate conversation while trying so desperately to tune out the couple next to us. We will definitely return again, and again.
<review# 1099,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/1/2014,10/4/2014,149,198,3,5,4>Is it possible that I have two new businesses to report on in my beautiful neighborhood of Bloomfield??Saturday morning started out a bit unusually this week. I awoke to the sound of bagpipes blaring at about 8:50 AM. I know many people find bagpipes to be attractive, I would not be one of those people, however.Curious, i threw on some clothes and wandered toward the source of the racket , and lo-and-behold there was a farmers market starting up in the parking lot across from West Penn Hospital!I wandered in, as the bagpipes continued to squeak and groan, and checked out what was happening.  There were approximately 20 to 25 booths set up, or I should say getting set up.  It was tiny, but it was the first day, so I guess you have to temper expectations a bit.  My recollection of the booths was that there was a few produce stands, a butcher shop, (I think it was djs Butcher shop), the hummus stand, a couple of dessert places, a vegetarian empanada stand, Zekes coffee shop, and a few more.I bought a bag full of fresh produce, some cilantro mint hummus, a cookie, coffee, and an empanada. All in all, a great haul for the day.So happy to see this added to my neighborhood! Looking forward to it getting much larger and opening earlier than 9 o'clock (or at least on time!)!
<review# 1100,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/14/2014,10/3/2014,90,178,3,5,6>Absolutely the best little Italian spot in penn hills hands down. There is no competition for miles. The prices can't be beat along with the hospitality.I enjoy the crab cake medusa which has an Alfredo based sauce with a delicious crab cake on top of linguine noodles...The meat is so soft and tender that it leaves you begging for more. I've been here twice in the last week and would love to dine here every day.  We ordered the lasagna which was amazing..the meat is so soft and their red sauce works with every dish..the flavor is by far very exciting.I'm wrinting this as I eat.,I just had a bite of the gnocchi and man are you missing out if you've never eaten here...please try this place it is amazing!!!
<review# 1101,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/19/2014,10/2/2014,39,148,1,5,7>Meat and Potatoes is one of my favorite Pittsburgh restaurants and I was excited to try out their sister Butcher and the Rye. When we arrived a few minutes before our reservation time the table was being bussed and was ready about 5 minutes ahead of time. Water was brought out promptly and we were given menus and the specials of the evening and  given a few minutes to go over the selections. Most of our party ordered the daily punch which last night featured tequila and passionfruit two of my favorite things. It was delicious and refreshing without being too sweet. One other in our party had the wheated bourbon tasting which she enjoyed, but wasn't as smoky as she had hoped. We ordered a few appetizers to share and then we each ordered entrees, but shared those as well. Appetizers:Strawberry Gazpacho, was interesting. The online menu does not have the description on it, but it had what looked to be cream cheese, pesto, tofu, strawberries, and a foam which flavor we could not place. Overall this was the only dish we weren't thrilled with. Marrow with oxtail jam / pickled orange rind / sea salt / parsley salad.  This was a huge hit, though we did need to order extra bread immediately because the only two pieces of bread were sitting under a mound of amazing oxtail jam.  Everything about this dish was stellar. We all enjoyed it and as a fan of the marrow dish at M&P I thought that this dish was even better than that one.Pig Candy described as pork belly / apple kim chi / miso caramel / cilantro. Another stellar dish and a favorite of the table. The pork belly was delicious and the accompaniments helped to cut through the fattiness of the pork belly. Truly delicious. Entrees: Roasted Chicken with duxelles / hedgehog mushrooms / creamed brussels / grapes. I am not usually one for ordering chicken out at a restaurant since it is something that I make at home most nights of the week, but I was right to order it. This dish was so insanely delicious. All of the accompaniments where perfect and each bit was more delicious than the previous one. Dirty Pasta with ground duck / strozzapretti / sage / brandy / pecorino romano. Truly delicious. The sauce was savory and delicious and the ground duck paired beautifully with it. Pan Roasted Trout with cauliflower steak / capers / lemon / golden raisins / almonds / parsley / beurre noisette. The bite of trout I tried was delicious and fresh tasting. It was a large portion and there was a foam that was amazingly delicious. Steak Frites was a special of the night so no description, but the hangar steak was perfectly cooked medium rare and there was a sauce that tasted like it was tinged with sriracha. Very delicious. This is definitely in my top ten meals ever. The food was delicious, I really enjoyed the atmosphere and I can't wait to return. Before we left we made reservations to return when a friend is coming to visit.
<review# 1102,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/22/2014,10/1/2014,110,228,1,7,5>My dear friend Maria was supposed to head back to Columbia the Saturday before Easter. She ended up postponing her trip ('till June!!!!) so we decided to have a dinner to catch up & chat. She had been to Union Grill & we always planned on coming since we live 2 blocks away as a double date. A few times it was under construction and eventually finals and her packing to move created hectic schedules. Thankfully, we were finally able to make it.Our server was Ashley and she was a sweetie. Maria had a late lunch and only ordered the loaded nachos. I tried some and they were great. I ordered the chicken dinner special, which is only available after 5pm and until they run out. I couldn't decide if I wanted the herb crusted or BBQ. Ashley suggested the herb with a side of BBQ sauce to experience both. I'm glad that I had decided that because the chicken dinner is huge. I have no idea how I wouldn't successfully managed that chicken lathered in BBQ sauce. The veggie of the day was brussel sprouts and I also got to choose another side. I chose the baked sweet potato which came with a side of cinnamon butter. Baked potatoes are only available after 4pm. I really enjoyed my dinner.We were full & didn't get dessert, but the s'mores platter looked great! It comes with graham crackers, Hershey bar, marshmallows & your own little grill to roast the marshmallows! (FYI: you have to order food in order to get this certain dessert. You can't just go in for it specifically) Maria had it before and said it was her and 3 friends and they still couldn't finish it. I'll be sure to save room for it next time around! The other dessert option is a (brownie?) sundae. You don't have to order food to receive that.We decided to chat over a cup of coffee after dinner. Maria ordered hers black and I asked for cream. I waited a little while for the cream and finally the server came back for the bill. Maria brought up about the cream & Ashley brought out a fresh coffee and took it off my tab; A kind gesture and she was really nice about it. Our time here was fun. I'm excited to bring bobby here. He would really love this place.As if it hasn't been mentioned before, the $10 wine list had multiple options and seemed like a great deal.
<review# 1103,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/29/2014,9/30/2014,147,143,2,5,4>The owner Kevin is a rare mix of friendly, humble, brilliant, and hard working.  His dedication to providing his guests with a great experience comes through not just in his table visits, but in every dish that leaves his kitchen.Huge perfectly prepared portions of inventive fare including dishes as eclectic as chocolate, crab, and lobster ravioli and salt rock grilled froi-gras with mignon filet sous-vide are just as delicious and adventurous as they sound.  The staff could not have been more attentive, our server made us feel like we were his only table even though it was busy, he was back to refill our drinks and check up on us every 5-10 minutes.  Savoy is pricey, but their food is excellent and their hospitality is great.  I think you get every penny of your money's worth, and I'd gladly try anything Chef Kevin dreams up!
<review# 1104,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/29/2014,9/29/2014,23,26,2,5,4>I am a first time weave owner. Lol I've done clip ins but that was in H.S. for dances like prom/ homecoming. I've been trying to grow my hair out for about 8 years with no real success... not too mention age playing a factor with my hair thinning out & stress. Soo....I took the plunge bought myself some fabulous hair, got a reference from a friend for this place who said Brittany is amazing,& I called to make an appointment. Person on the phone was wonderful,  nice. Appointment day came,  I'm amped, excited,  & nervous all in one.Brittany was a real doll. She did 4 tracks on my head..braided/sewn in, she was fast, fierce, fabulous, & really fun to chat with. She got it done in 1.5 hours flat.The price was GREAT. I fully expected to pay a ton more but I didn't.  I tipped the crap out of her. Lol Everyone who has seen my hair/weave has exclaimed how natural it looks & I've referred about 7-8 ladies to Ms. Brittany to get their weave on. Very happy, will be back! !!
<review# 1105,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/12/2014,9/28/2014,207,401,4,5,4>Discovered thanks to fellow Yelpers for lunch the other day and they didn't let me down.  This is a really fun place with lots of menu items to choose from.  I opted for the salad bar and 3 pcs of their broasted chicken.  They have an excellent salad bar.  I like their potato salad and cole slaw very much.  The variety of vegetables is very good but they need to label the salad dressings.  The chicken is crispy and nicely seasoned.  It's still fried chicken but supposedly pressure cooking imparts less oil.  This seemed true enough for this bird as it wasn't greasy, just delicious.  The staff is friendly and I love the place.  I'll be back for more.
<review# 1106,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/10/2014,9/26/2014,85,195,2,6,6>If you love Pinball, as I know most of Pittsburgh does, you have got to check this place out! Chris, the owner was extremely friendly and we had a great time hanging out with him while playing. He knows A LOT about pinball and has a lot of machines that he switches out, so every time you go, you can play different machines. The machines are also in great condition as Chris does a great job with their upkeep. If there is an issue with a machine, he will definitely take care of it. We saw him working on a machine the last time we were there.Depending on when you go, you can either pay per game or pay one fee for free play. There is a website that you can check to see if any events are going on. If pinball league is there, machines are pay as you go. Even if you are not great at pinball, the flat rate free pay option is a great way to practice without wasting a lot of money!It's also a BYOB, which is great!! There are a few bars and even a beer distributor within a few blocks if you need to pick something up. I was shocked to see the other review about this place being in an unsafe part of town. It is literally two blocks from Carson Street in the South Side! It is perfectly safe and I have never felt uncomfortable walking around there at night. For those of you unfamiliar with Carson Street, its population increases signifigantly in the evenings and even more on the weekends with people heading to many of the surrounding restaurants and bars. Safety has never been a concern here. We organized an event with Chris and it was SO much fun. We all paid a flat rate for free play on the games and invited people to play Magic the Gathering as well. He set up tables and chairs for us to play and it was great! This is a great spot to have a birthday party or any kind of gathering. We will DEFINITELY be going back soon!
<review# 1107,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/18/2014,9/25/2014,9,49,2,4,3>Soba is one of my favorite restaurants in Pittsburgh. It is your standard Asian fusion fare.  I have a strategy I enjoy. I make a reservation on OpenTable set for right after happy hour.The cocktails are excellent. The happy hour specials make it a great time. The bar is very nice.  The cocktail specials are balanced. Hard drinkers can get a strong drink, lighter drinkers can get a sweet drink. Everyone wins.  Given the special, I'm willing to take risks and try anything.After happy hour, it is off to dinner.  The food is great. I particularly enjoy the fried rice, ramen, tuna, and the special courses.  My most recent visit was during the water festival. My meal was amazing.Finally is the desert. The chocolate maki is absolutely amazing.Overall, the drinks are great, the food is great, and the ambience is great.
<review# 1108,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/28/2014,9/24/2014,143,349,7,6,6>Got to try lunch here and I'm sticking with my 5 star rating.  The sandwich I had and the accompanying salad was awesome.  The sandwich had mozzarella, pesto, tomato and a few capers scattered throughout - it hit the spot!  There was so much flavor to the sandwich that I was a bit surprised because I typically can only taste the mozzarella and tomato with these type of sandwiches.  The salad was no joke - I'm talking about a variety of fresh veggies, not just a whole bunch of leaves with a light sprinkle of vegetables.  From what I remember there were carrots, cucumbers, tomatoes, peppers, mushrooms, slivered almonds and awesome croutons (crispy and chewy) atop mixed greens with a light balsamic glaze.  Everything tasted fresh and was made on the spot.  We were the only ones there for lunch that day so service was efficient but since the owner/chef is the only one running this place be patient if there's a crowd.  He's a one man show - chef, waiter and cashier!Check this place out...now!
<review# 1109,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/24/2014,4/5/2014,40,66,,5,3>Went ahead and added an extra star for excellent service. Though this is a little dive bar, it's not dirty or stank smelling. I've been here on a crowded Saturday and though it was hipster city the vibe was still chill and I was able to have a good time. I've stopped in a few times by myself and bartenders are very friendly and knowledgeable. The drinks are around $6 a pop and poured well. Food size is good for the price, though the only thing to write home about was the Mac and cheese. Very yummy cheese sauce and I typically hate elbow Mac but this was delish. It's a nice quiet bar to stop in for a drink if you're in between things, and if you have a good group of friends during happy hour then it can get fun as well. Definitely one of the more "bang for your buck" options in that part of town.
<review# 1110,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/8/2013,4/4/2014,66,239,,9,6>How did I not know this place exists for so long? Seriously, it's a 5 minute walk away from my house - HOW?Cafe io may be my new favorite local spot to eat. It's cozy, it's comfortable - it's everything you want in a cafe with that little extra something that comes with a restaurant. The staff is great and the cooks specialize in well-done comfort food. Tomato soup, grilled cheese, burgers, those sorts of things, with daily and weekly specials that add a little extra flair to the menu and gives the adventurous folk some extra options. But really, comfort food's the way to go here: what's better on a Friday than eating your favorite soup or sandwich while sipping on a cocktail?I personally highly recommend the hummus and vegetable plate, and the veggie sandwich was really yummy as well. My first visit was the day after Halloween so they still had a Pumpkin Pie martini that was wonderful, and I can't wait to see what other seasonal beverages this cafe may offer. Hopefully one of them goes with a crab cake sandwich, because that is next on my list of things to try!Oh, and as if the food weren't enough of a reason to go, it looks like they often give donations to and do partnerships with local nonprofits. Comfort food that helps benefit a local cause - now really, how can you say no to that?
<review# 1111,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/25/2014,4/3/2014,757,406,3,9,8>This was a specular experience for me.  No 3 inches of snow on the ground or frigid wind was going to come between me and my bowl of steamy hot Ramen. I credit my boyfriend with the idea to try Ramen Bar and it was well worth the two buses and tramping through the dirty sludge to get there. Ramen has been a dish I was curious about for so long one that I have seen my favorite TV personality Anthony Bourdain enjoy. I had the Tom Yam Men I made this choice because I saw in the menu description that it was Thailand inspired hot and sour broth.  I added egg and shrimp.   The shrimp was plentiful in the dish however I found myself wanting more mushrooms and the egg was hard boiled I had been hoping for a poached egg one with a runny yoke. The service was very friendly and the other dining guests there were of various ethnic backgrounds.  Ramen Bar is an A + in my book.
<review# 1112,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/8/2014,4/2/2014,19,94,,7,4>I've never had the pleasure of staying here but this is where my boyfriends mom stays when she is in town. They've been very nice to accommodate my boyfriend and I even though we are not staying so I've had a few breakfasts here. They food is always delicious- usually a sweet or savory option plus a classic eggs, toast, meat, bread. The French toast is delicious. The bacon is so yummy crispy delicious. Coffee here is really good! They have a beautiful back patio and a station with coffee and tea out all the time. So I've spent a few afternoons enjoying that. All the staff has been very gracious to us.
<review# 1113,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/8/2014,4/1/2014,11,3,,5,3>My first time at Waffles Incaffeinated was amazing. It's my new favorite breakfast place, and I would recommend anyone to come here! I got here around 9:15am, and we were seated immediately. Come the 10:00am/10:30am hour, there was a line of people waiting to be seated. The food was fabulous and affordable. I got the Funky Monkey with bourbon vanilla ice cream with vanilla syrup, and my friend got the Florentine crepes. I highly recommend both. The crepes are nice because the savory inside filling (chicken, mushroom, spinach) compliments the sweetness of the waffle batter. The crepe itself is quite thick, almost like a very thin pancake (very flour-y). This plate could easily feed 3 people, as they served 3 rolls of crepes. It looked like a hot mess, because it comes with field greens tossed in a vinaigrette on top. It's not picture pretty, but it is so. darn. good. My friend and I split the Funky Monkey, and I also ordered a scoop of bourbon vanilla ice cream to go on top (is there any other way to eat waffles? For breakfast?...) Sadly, they were out of the Java, coffee flavored ice cream, but the bourbon vanilla was a good choice too. It complimented all the flavors of the waffle. It comes with a creamy dollop of peanut butter, a portion of a Hershey's chocolate bar, and sliced bananas (probably 1 whole or 3/4 of a banana). The presentation was thoughtful and fun. All in all, love the huge, typical American high-caloric, Diabetes-inducing portions :-) Service was great; never saw the bottom of my coffee mug as the waitress was always around asking if we needed more, and the interior design is full of modern, clean lines, and bold colors. I would come here every weekend if I could.
<review# 1114,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/16/2014,3/31/2014,113,141,,9,3>I don't think it's possible to question that this is the best commercial spot in Pittsburgh to play pinball.-Over a dozen machines in house (that rotate every month or so) -The owner Chris can repair machines, so if you encounter an issue it *will* be fixed.-All the machines are in excellent shape.-Great pricing structure ($5 an hour, $15 for all day)-AND BYOB. -BYOBBBBBB-DID I MENTION BYOB?-Open super late on Friday and Saturday-Keurig machine for coffee, and a soda machine for the cold stuff.If you have even a slight interest in playing Pinball, you must go here.
<review# 1115,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/11/2014,3/30/2014,69,61,,4,3>Back in January, a groups of my friends decided that we wanted to do this.  So. Much. Fun.  You will need to set two days aside. One to brew, the other to bottle.  We decided on the Blonde James Blonde and the Blackberry Wit.  They have a great revolving menu, as well as regulars.  The price to brew depend on the type of beer you brew, as well as the size of the batch.  We did two small batches, and it gave us four cases of 12.  (They're large bottles, not 12oz.)  The staff is knowledgable and helpful.  The brewing takes a few hours, so bring your appetite and get a snack in Hough's.  The beer turned out great!  I am a big fan, and will definitely be brewing with Copper Kettle again.
<review# 1116,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/5/2013,3/29/2014,56,67,,4,2>Come to Biddle's Escape for the experience and maybe the coffee. While Biddle's drinks are good, the best thing about Biddle's Escape is sitting out on the cafe's beautiful deck in comfy seating, chatting with friends.My go to drink is the chai latte with soy milk--you have to be careful, however, that the right person makes it. Sometimes it's on the very sweet side.
<review# 1117,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/10/2014,3/28/2014,34,55,1,6,4>This was some seriously good breakfast food. The place is crowded don't get me wrong (granted we only waited like 15 minutes or so to get seated). Those home fries with onions, peppers and cheese were absolutely killer. I got the Californian benedict (not sure if I'll order it again though - might have to go the traditional route next time). We were seated in the back booth, in front of people cooking and everything so it was fun to see all that (albeit a little hard to talk to the 3 people seated next to me). We also had waffles and the nutella crepes (delicious)!I'll try to get back here soon and try some other stuff and update again.
<review# 1118,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/4/2014,3/27/2014,142,165,5,11,8>Had my eyes set on Teppanyaki for months, and finally made a visit with a couple of friends.  I love Japanese food, and it's great to have options that are not limited to just Sushi/Sashimi and the miso soup.Food (8.5/10) = I got hella excited when I visited and ordered quite a few dishes for a party of 3.1) Okonomiyaki = The Chinese have scallion pancakes. The Koreans have seafood pancake.  The Japanese have Okonomiyaki.  These are pancakes made of flour, eggs, vegetables, proteins, and topped with bonito flakes, served with a mayonnaise based sauce.  There are several options for proteins.  We got the Osaka Mix which includes shrimp, squid, and beef.  The dish can be shared or can be large enough for entree sized satisfaction.  I felt the Okonomiyaki was done well, and would definitely order again.2) Squid and King Oyster Mushrooms sauteed in white garlic sauce (from the Autumn menu) = One aspect I enjoy with Japanese food is the simplicity of some dishes, and letting the ingredients speak for itself.  This was one of those dishes.  The squid was cooked very well, which many Asian restaurants tend to screw up by overcooking it and making it tough.  The oyster mushrooms were amazing.  This was my favorite dish of the night.  Unfortunate that this dish is seasonal.3) Korokke (curry flavor) - chopped veggies with mashed potato rolled in wheat flour, eggs, breadcrumbs, then deep fried.  Absolutely loved this.  A great vegetarian option.  The curry essence was not overwhelming.  I thought about ordering another one during my visit...as a dessert, heh.4) Takoyaki (octopus balls, dumplings made of batter and filled with diced octopus) = Classic.  Whenever I see this at a Japanese restaurant, I order it.  5) Agedashi Tofu (cubed tofu deep fried served with tentsuyu and topped with scallion and grated daikon) = Like Takoyaki, I gravitate towards this dish if it's on the menu.  Another simple dish, but so damn delicious when done well.  The tofu is soft with a thin crispy exterior.  The flavor of the sauce is light and clean.6) Bacon with Japanese Mochi = A unique dish for me.  Never a pig on mochi before until I came here.  Decided to try it since it was one of the more popular dishes mentioned on Yelp.  I wasn't impressed with the dish.  I usually love anything involving pork belly, but for some reason this dish was meh.    7) Yaki-Soba noodles = My vegetarian friend got this since she had a hard time finding something on the menu that was vegetarian friendly.  This dish was meh according to her, and it looked meh to me as well.  The dish was at least 30% onions.  Although she ordered the dish with just vegetables, 30% onions is disappointing.  8) Black sesame ice cream = I like black sesame anything with Asian breads or desserts.  The flavor was great, but the texture was not ice cream texture.  It was instead similar to mochi.  Stretchy.  We didn't order the mochi dessert.  Perhaps there was mix up with our order.  Who knows.Note to vegetarians: This place didn't seem to have many vegetarian friendly dishes.  There are dishes you may think are vegetarian, such as the Agedashi tofu.  The issue with some of these dishes is the use of fish stock.  Hence my friend was limited to the Yaki-Soba with 30% onions and the Korokke.Ambiance (8.5/10) = The decor was very inviting.  A lot of elements of wood/bamboo.  There are lanterns, and the place is well lit.  Very spacious, very clean, with several private booths in the back.Service (8.0/10) = Timely, and not overbearing.  Our waiter was nice, and provided great recommendations, such as the Squid and King Oyster Mushroom dish.Overall opinion = Definitely a winner if you enjoy Japanese food.  The Japanese food scene (non-Sushi type Japanese restaurants) is minimal in Pittsburgh, but at least there is one good one - Teppanyaki Kyoto.  I recommend the first 5 dishes I listed above.  The rest were just meh.
<review# 1119,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/21/2013,5/31/2013,55,256,,3,3>Even if you don't consider yourself a whiskey fan, I would highly recommend taking the tour. Not only will you learn how whiskey and other spirits are made, you will also learn the history behind distilleries in Pennsylvania. Haven't you always wanted to know why there's a noose on the Wigle logo? This is a family run business, and the owners seemed very friendly and knowledgeable. I like the fact that they use locally sourced grains, and the resulting product is also quite drinkable. :-) They offer five dollar cocktails every evening, and the one which I tried was delicious.
<review# 1120,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/24/2013,5/30/2013,65,131,1,6,3>I've walked past Aji Picante for the last year or so always telling myself that I should give it a try. Finally, last Saturday we made reservations and weren't disappointed.  I don't know if you need reservations or not, but when we arrived at 7 the place was packed so I was happy I made them. The atmosphere is nice, a good balance between intimate and casual. Candles on the small tables which are located close to one another, but not packed so tight that it is uncomfortable. The restaurant size is relatively small, but that being said it is not overly noisy or people running into each other. Our server was really nice and immediately opened our bottle of wine as soon as we sat down. Keep in mind Aji Picante is BYOB with no corkage fee. Soon after she went over some of the highlights of the menu which included 6 different civeches, numerous "small plate" appetizers and sides, and 8-10 entrees. Our waitress informed us that the menu had recently been expended in the last two weeks and that the best way to try different things is to order a bunch of plates and and entree to share.We ordered:Grouper Civeche $8 (really nice. Small portion but fresh)Parmesan Scallops $9 (They are the small scallops and my only complaint was that this dish could have come out a little warmer and, as sometimes is the case with small scallops, a few were a little chewy. But the Parmesan sauce was amazing)Corn Fritters $6 (Nice appetizer that comes with two dipping sauces, the red one being my favorite and having a nice bite to it.)Roasted pork shank with cilantro beer sauce $18 (This was amazing. Crispy flavorful skin and tender meat beneath. Best part of our meal)For a side we got the wok fried green beans with sesame oil $4 (Good if you like green beans, but didn't really stand out from the green beans I've had at other restaurants.The final bill was somewhere between $40-50 and we left feeling full and satisfied with the amount of food and choices we got for the price.
<review# 1121,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/25/2013,5/29/2013,28,146,2,4,6>North Park is wonderful. It's part of some dear childhood memories for me, riding bikes with my family and going to picnics with friends. I spent nearly every Friday night at the ice rink in junior high. In recent years I can count on running around North Park lake and having no doubt about how far I've gone. One lap = 5 miles. I recommend if you are going to do more than one lap, however, that you change directions your second trip around. The path tilts inward towards the lake ever so slightly and can beat up on your interior knee if you aren't careful. On a nice day, there are always a ton of people walking, jogging, biking, pushing strollers, fishing, you get the idea. It can get congested. And there are spots on the loop that feel way too close to traffic. This can get a bit hairy with the cars coming down Ingomar Road. Slow down, people! For the most part, though, it's a safe and beautiful place to spend some time outdoors.There are numerous events and 5Ks held in North Park every year. There is also a boathouse where you can rent kayaks or canoes to head into the water. There are tennis courts and hiking trails and a large swimming pool. And if it's summer, be sure to make a stop and see the guy selling shaved ice by the boathouse!
<review# 1122,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/28/2013,5/27/2013,21,99,,8,1>A wonderful addition to Squirrel Hill. I went there a few days ago with a party of two. We had three different teas. The staff pays great attention to the details of tea making: they advised us to take a bowl instead of a pot for two of the teas because the water had to be at a particular temperature (different one for each tea) which would be difficult to do in the pot.  Great choice of teas from all over Asia. The space is also very friendly and comfortable. It feels very relaxing. Finally, the prices are very reasonable and not at all nasty with your wallet. Go there folks. Make sure this place thrives.
<review# 1123,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/18/2013,5/26/2013,65,134,2,5,4>Fabulous lunch today! I've heard quite a bit about this place, so I was excited to experience it for myself. I had to get a milkshake. The caramel pretzel, yes please. It was soooo deliciously sweet and salty. Who doesn't love that combo?! I chose the "meet your maker" burger. I wasn't looking at the prices, this just appealed to me the most.  I mean, as soon as I saw truffled aioli, that was my obvious choice. I was so happy with this decision. The burger was juicy and tender, and you could taste the freshness of the toppings. I'm not one to be wowed by tomatoes, but whatever tomatoes ended up on this burger were flippin GREAT! 5 stars for service. Everyone was overly friendly and we got a run down of the menu since it was our first time.
<review# 1124,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/16/2013,5/25/2013,100,138,2,6,4>Visited on a weeknight. There was one other couple dining so it was quiet and we sat right away. The waitress was friendly. The bean dip and bread they give you to start is super tasty. I ordered the salmon with coconut curry and greens, husband ordered the crab cakes with risotto. Our starter salads, with a helping of beets, were very good. The small aluminum bowl they serve it in is very awkward to eat out of, however. My salmon was quite good and cooked perfectly; the sauce tasted great but was a tad thin (making it drippy to eat). The greens were underdone, and served in large leaves that had to be cut to actually eat, which was difficult because of the underdone-ness. The well-done pieces were a good complement to the dish, though I would have preferred a starch with the salmon. My husband's crab cakes were very good, great crab-to-filling ratio, but he said he found several shell pieces. The risotto was the perfect texture but a hint too much salt for me.Now the ambiance, sadly, leaves much to be desired. There was no music playing in the front of the house, so we were serenaded by KISS FM being blared in the kitchen. The chef alternated between singing along with the music and sitting outside at their outdoor seating drinking a beer and chatting with buddies. He and our server often had personal conversation, which I don't mind if done out of earshot, but they made little effort to avoid airing their personal business for everyone inside. When you're paying $25 for an entree, I don't think it's unreasonable to expect some quiet mood music and atmosphere during your meal. This might be due to it being a slow weeknight, but still.We'll probably go back on weekends when it's busier and the staff are not so much in "laid back" mode. All in all it's great, fresh food so I still recommend it.
<review# 1125,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/11/2012,5/24/2013,28,193,2,5,3>I only have two complaints about this Winghart's. First, be prepared to smell like a delicious burger when you leave. Second, location. Market Square is just such a pain to deal with sometimes...especially when all I want is a burger! Ha.Overall, Winghart's is currently my favorite burger joint in Pittsburgh, and this location is definitely the best of their options. While it's a little cramped and you feel like you're practically working in the kitchen thanks to the narrow layout and intimate setup, the food here is simply superior and more consistent than their Southside location.Our last visit also showed us that the menu has finally expanded quite a bit. My favorite is the Shipwreck burger. It's filthy in all of the right ways, with it's white truffle aioli, brie, bacon, caramelized onions and arugula. If you're not a huge fan of red meat, as I try to avoid at times, you can get the The Boomer pizza. All of the same toppings, sans-meat, on pizza dough. An excellent alternative packed full of flavor!I actually strayed last time and went for the Collin's Orangutan with chicken sausage, green apple, smoked gouda,caramelized onions and bacon. Yes, it's as excellent as it sounds.I've tried their margherita pizza a few times as well. Simple, but well-executed. Good fries. Good chili. Good people. Overall, with good service, a nice whiskey list, decent beer choices, and excellent food, there's absolutely no reason for me to not recommend Winghart's. Of course, with such limited seating, you might want to keep those recommendations to minimum, or your seat will be taken and you'll be left standing by the door drooling. Luckily, they've recently added more seating upstairs, too! Cheers!
<review# 1126,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/1/2013,5/23/2013,74,65,4,15,6>If I see a noticeable improvement in the service, this place will definitely deserve 5 stars. Sneaky, sneaky! It's pretty easy to miss this place if you're not paying attention. Our drinks were perfect. They can make you anything you want. If you're not leaning toward anything on their cocktail list, you can tell them what base liquor you want, what flavor profile you favor (sweet, citrus, fresh, etc), and they'll whip something up. For everyone who remembers Embury, this is the same owner. Spencer (the owner) didn't seem so keen on our group's arrival, a medium group of Asians on the younger side of the "of-age" spectrum. He was a bit curt with us, but obliged our questions, given the general ignorance of our crowd when it comes to cocktails. Not impressed with his attitude toward us, but definitely impressed with the drinks he made us. Especially impressive? A three-page whiskey menu, front and back. Amaaaazing. You can order one or two ounce samples, with prices ranging from $6 - $200, depending on what you order. (Cocktails are $10 + tip&tax [basically $15])The interior is dimly lit, minimally decorated. Dark woods, bare vintagey-bulbs, suggestive of the seductive speakeasy aesthetic... but then the back room has an arcade game and a couple of dart boards...? Haha. A little inconsistent in decor, but unimportant. They were playing funk and soul, which was very welcome. I will definitely will be back here, since the drinks and the ambiance were definitely a welcome change from the typical Southside bars.  However, it'd be nice if the owner would be a bit more courteous to his guests, even if those guests happen to be "fulfilling the stereotype". Those were his exact words to us after we apologetically asked him to take a few pictures of our group. Was he talking about Asians? Students? Southside bar hoppers?  Not entirely clear at what he was suggesting, but obviously the intention of the remark was to ridicule. I definitely wasn't keen on the dismissive, "whatever" attitude when one of us asked about which beer to order. Seriously, not cool. Sorry that our German friend prefers beer over hard liquor. Nobody needs their ass kissed. Just turn down the snark.
<review# 1127,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/14/2013,5/22/2013,64,148,5,6,4>I have to update this review. Even though I can't give it more than 5 stars, I just have to. I love this place that. much.I have to call out two of my favorite bartenders ever (of any place I've lived!), Blake and Mikey. The amount of awesome that they are is hard to describe. So I shan't. Just make sure you visit M&P some time on a weekday as they generally don't work weekends anymore and request a cocktail like the tequila old fashioned or the Honey Boo Boo.Also, the kobe beef corn dog. Omg, that corn dog. Best. Corn dog. Ever. The only reason I would consider not moving out of Pittsburgh (besides my boyfriend, of course ... ) is Meat & Potatoes. Now I'm sounding like the obsessive girlfriend, but damn y'all, the food is bombtastic.
<review# 1128,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/17/2013,5/21/2013,30,63,2,5,4>The Big Idea is not for everyone; if you like your food processed and your ideas pre-packaged, you might find yourself out of your element here. But if you think "radical" is a synonym for "interesting" and you want want some of the best pizzelle cookies I've had in Pittsburgh, it's worth stopping in.  The inside is cozy, and while they don't have a huge selection, they do delve deeply into areas (like gender politics, the politics of race) that many bookstores don't fully address. But they also have 'zines, literature, even a travel section. The best way to describe what they carry is "thought-provoking," in a good way. Why not really engage with what you read, question what you know? You can get a Jackie Collins novel anywhere, but if you but if you want to read bell hooks or Tim Wise, this is the place to go.
<review# 1129,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/14/2011,11/9/2011,89,150,,5,2>This will be one thing I will sorely miss about this town if I do ever leave.These are 100% the best tacos in this town and second only to the street tacos I had in Mexico.  It also gives Salt a run for it's money as my favorite restaurant  in Pittsburgh.The boyfriend and I have made a new rule that we are only allowed to go once a week.  The food is that good.While we have never waited less than an hour for our food, it does not at all color my opinion of the place.  Our strategy is go in, place our order and take a horchata to go and go grocery shopping/run errands in the mean time.  If you do it that way, there is no waiting at all!  And if you are going for dinner (and they are still open!) head down the street to Blue Dust  for great beers.I have had all the tacos and most of the sides across multiple visits.  The tortillas are hand made everyday.  Amazing.  The taco filling is BBQ style meats.  It may be the best brisket I have ever had.  The sauces are flavorful running the gamut from zesty to melt your face off.  The chicken taco is the most spicy, so watch out!  I would also recommend getting the avocado cream on all of your tacos.  It really adds the right amount of fat and texture to the already astonishing tacos.Two tacos, half a side and a horchata are generally enough for me.  The prices are mid range.Worth the wait, worth the price, and better than any of the hype.
<review# 1130,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/19/2011,11/8/2011,84,493,,16,9>I've noticed this place while driving to the South Side via Greenfield Ave. One evening the boyfriend and I were looking for a bite to eat but neither of could decide where to go. On a whim, I pulled up to Szmidt's and man, I'm glad I did! The aroma of all the spices and fresh bread when you walk in the door is intensely pleasing. The deli case is filled with various fresh pasta salads and sides that include grape leaves, pickled cucumber slices, mac 'n cheese with jalapeno, apricot glazed meatloaf, potato salad, tuna salad, haluski (looked amazing, I will definitely be back to try it), and various other items that evade my memory at the moment. Have I mentioned that everything is made in-house? Breads, salads, sides, and pierogies - ALL home made! Speaking of pierogies...all your classics are here - Potato & cheddar, potato & kraut, potato & jalapeno, sausage, and plain kraut ($4.95/6 $8.95/12). In addition to these are "New World Pierogies" ($5.45/6 $9.95/12) - Reuben, thanksgiving with turkey gravy, southwest chicken with cilantro lime sour cream, buffalo chicken with bleu cheese, cheese steak with horseradish sour cream, and bacon cheeseburger with rage sauce. They also offer sweet pierogies like apple mango, granny smith apple pie, and a seasonal special. So much deliciousness in one place, we didn't know where to begin. After thinking long and hard, I finally decided on a spinach & feta doughbie (think stromboli) and Justin opted for the Frankie (sliced turkey breast, ginger mustard glazed ham, maplewood bacon, american cheese, mayo, lettuce, and tomato all on a toasted homemade bun. While our food was being prepared, we chatted with the owner. I told him we've been living here for a year now and can't believe we never heard of his place then he informed us that they just opened up a month ago and offered us some samples from the deli case. We had a little scoop of potato salad (better than my mom's - sorry ma), 4 grape leaves (the best I've had and I do love me some dolmas), sweet cucumber slices (JB was a huge fan and now wants me to try my hand at recreating them at home so he can have them all the time) and ziti pasta salad (which is great WITH the cuke slices)!! Everything we had was exquisite!! The entire experience was pleasurable - The shop owner was personable and inviting, the shop is darling and homey with pictures of the family hung on the walls and the food is delectable and very affordable. Sorry for such a lengthy review but I just can't say enough good things about Szmidt's. If you happen to find yourself in the Greenfield/Squirrel Hill area do yourself a favor and give this place a chance!!!
<review# 1131,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/25/2011,11/7/2011,183,180,9,4,7>Deservedly, every superlative adjective known to man (and woman!) has already been used to praise Pittsburgh's PNC Park.  What could I possibly add?!  If you've been there you know the wonders that abound within and without the walls of the ballpark and if you've never been lucky enough to visit, get your butt there immediately!  The Pirates are playing competitive ball this year so THIS is the year for your virgin visit.Once you've visited and words fail you in expressing the wonderment and amazement of one of the best and most beautiful ballyards in the country, here is a Do-It-Yourself list...just fill in the blanks:The ____________ (choose 1 noun from Column A) at PNC Park in Pittsburgh is _______________ (choose 1 adjective from Column B).  Mix and match at will.            A                                                          B        View                                                 Amazing          Ball Team                                       Spectacular        Fireworks Nights                           Hilarious        Give-Aways                                     Breathtaking         Bobbleheads                                 First Rate        River                                                Awe-Inspiring        Scoreboard                                    Impressive        Sound System                               Awesome        Concerts                                         Friendly        Wings                                              Succulent        Ribs                                                 Spicy!        Primanti's Sandwiches               Overloaded        Souveniers                                     Top Notch        Pierogie Races                             Hard Hitting        Beer                                                 Enthusiastic        Crowd                                             Gorgeous        Parking                                           Fun         Staff                                                 Exciting        Skyline                                            BeautifulPittsburgh proud of PNC Park!
<review# 1132,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/25/2011,11/6/2011,27,95,4,6,6>I was delightfully surprised with how good Burgatory was. I went there with a fear that I was in for a Red Robin'esq experience, over priced mediocre burgers, cheesy restaurant design, and tons of gimmicks. Fortunately Burgatory was as far from this as possible. The burgers were fantastic and I loved the build your own burger check list concept. I can't wait to come back and try another creation. Just to give an idea of what you can expect to spend, a "build your own burger" and a Yuengling was about $13. Also if you are getting there during the dinner rush expect a 30-45 minute wait, fortunately there are plenty of things to keep you occupied near by. We went to Uncle Sam's Subs and had a beer while we waited.
<review# 1133,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/2/2011,11/5/2011,28,94,3,5,5>This is the first 5-star review I've given in a long time.  It's hard to live up to the hype, especially that PGH yelpers tend to label everything the "Best in Pittsburgh."  In my experience, that label has been placed on very questionable places.  This place, however, is a homerun.For a Sunday brunch, I couldn't be happier.  The much-touted mussels were as great as advertised.  The mussels are in a brilliant and delicious broth, which you just want to drink straight up.  And the bread is a perfect fluff with a crunchy crust to soak up the juices.The serving sizes are large -- and for around $10-14 per entree, it's head-scratching how they can make a profit.  You get a LOT of smoked salmon with your eggs benedict, you get a LOT of lamb with your Moroccan eggs, and you get a pizza sized Torte Flambe.In addition, the service was excellent.  The food was out quickly, the waitstaff walked the tables offering coffee refills (a welcome change from having to track them down!), and they were friendly and helpful with the menu items.Based on all the previous reviews, there are several items I'm eager to try next time.  I don't think you can ask for anything more.
<review# 1134,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/7/2011,11/4/2011,45,60,,4,5>firstly, this place has a great vibe -- cool exposed ductwork & brick, reclaimed wood behind the bar, and a clean separation between the bar & main dining area.secondly, the staff was super-helpful and nice.  richie was totally spot-on behind the bar and made it a point to introduce himself to us, show us the menus (even though we weren't eating and just wanted to creep on it), and explain the drinks to us.thirdly, the joint carries both local & other domestic quality beers on-tap (bell's, east end brewery).  and, the moscow mule?!  goddamn delicious.  comes in one of five frigid copper cups (richie told us these are $30/piece -- so, if you're gonna drink one of these at the bar, they want either your CC or driver's license so they don't disappear), tastes like ginger, and is full of delicious booze with no taste of it!!!can't wait to go back and try the food, including both styles of beets (is that weird?!)...and hopefully give the fifth star!
<review# 1135,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/18/2011,11/3/2011,116,91,4,10,4>Betsy Ann is a great Pittsburgh tradition in chocolate. This small quaint and cute chocolate "factory store" is a sweet gem in the also-quaint-and-kind-of-cute West View neighborhood (technically, West View is a city on its own). This is the factory store where they make, sample, and sell the chocolates. The store has delicious dark chocolate and milk chocolate, both truffles and bars. They also have a variety of chocolate-based and chocolate-related gift items (especially themed for holidays), sugar-free chocolates, and a limited selection of nuts. You will likely enjoy looking at the different varieties of "chocolate art" present in the store that you can actually buy and eat. Betsy Ann's chocolates are on the tender side. Even their dark chocolate truffles and bars feel soft. If you are a *strongly dark* chocolate fan like me, you might be skeptical of this at first, but give the dark truffles a try and you will probably enjoy them melting in your mouth (don't bite, of course, just let them slowly melt) as I did. The chocolate is pure and very rich in flavor. I especially like the dark chocolate truffles and the amaretto truffles, but their liquor truffles are also delicious. The sugar-free chocolate is tasty as well if you can handle the sweetener; Betsy Ann's sugar-free is better than many other brands'. The store is cute and the staff are very friendly. They will give you samples, describe their chocolates, and talk about the store (if you ask). Betsy Ann Chocolate "Factory Store" is a must go if you are in West View. Even if you are not, make an excuse to visit the place if you have the time. I would recommend stopping by the Riverview Park and the Allegheny Observatory to sample the rich history and the wonderful natural beauty of the area while you are there. Now that's a thought -- a chocolate walk at the Riverview Park. In short, go there, enjoy good chocolate, and support a sweet and friendly local business.
<review# 1136,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/20/2011,11/2/2011,91,67,3,5,3>Gooski's is one of my favorite bars in Pittsburgh!Why, oh why, would I enjoy such a small punk dive as Gooski's, you ask? For one, service is amazing, beer selection fantastic, shows there are great, they have the best jukebox in the city (maybe even in the state!?), and their prices are decent. Only setback - smoking's still allowed here, so I wind up having to shower immediately after every visit. (Not that I don't shower already after a sweaty night at a bar, but you know what I mean!)For a (very) amateur beer connoisseur, their fridge sends me to heaven and back. They have a full supply of pretty much all the Unibroue beers, Delirium, Lambics, and a whole slew of other imported beers I've never even heard of. More importantly though, their usual weeknight bartender is amazing! To be honest, he looks to be an intimidating character, but in reality, he's super nice, patient, mad efficient, and helpful in selecting my next brew of choice. A+ for service!Definitely check out Gooski's if you don't mind a bit of smoke and some Polish Hill punks.
<review# 1137,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/24/2011,10/31/2011,116,36,7,6,7>Round Corner reminds me of a mullet that's a party in the front, business in the back. The front half is purely a bar--there's three or four small tables that serve as drink stands, the music and conversations are loud and it's dim (almost dark). But in the back there are tables and chairs, a quieter atmosphere and they actually serve up some decent tex-mex dishes.When I'm there for food I always go for the pozole and steak tacos; happy hour tacos are half off (sha-wing!). The Tijuana Street Dog, a bacon wrapped hot dog slathered in all sorts of wonderment deserves a national holiday, but I save that for special occasions because I try to be nice to my arteries (sometimes). When I'm there for drinks I get a mojito or margarita. Margaritas lean towards the salty side but are also tangy and refreshing; great combo with Mexican food and served in boho-chic jars. Their tequila selection is so-so, I mean, I really expect more options if you're going to devote a fourth of your drink menu to a particular liquor. Make sure to bring out your best manners when ordering up at the bar, the bartenders can be a little rough around the edges at times. And it's in Lawrenceville so you can expect a pretty hip crowd, especially weekend nights.
<review# 1138,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/3/2011,10/30/2011,192,893,1,16,9>The low overall rating, in my opinion, is a totally inaccurate summary of the JCC.  They provide a TON of different services - having to swipe your card twice at the door or finding a broken treadmill should not be the basis for a bad review of a large organization that provides childcare, gym space, cultural activities, classes, lecturers, festivals....it's so much more than what people are describing here.I go to the gym at the JCC because I live extremely nearby.  It is incredibly convenient for me.  I think the price is reasonable, and you can get a couple's membership that is cheaper than two single memberships.  As a "young adult couple," we pay $71 a month, only slightly more than a single membership, so that's a great deal!  Especially coming from Chicago, $35 a month is nothing.We don't have the more expensive upgraded membership, so we use the standard locker room (if you have the fancy membership, you use the adults-only locker room with a hot tub and TV and couches and stuff) but it's totally fine.  Sure there are kids scampering around, but please remember this is a community center, not just a gym, so there are kids changing for swim lessons and things like that.I think the gym facilities are great and I have no idea what anybody would complain about.  Even at peak hours (after 5pm on weekdays), I can almost always get right on a treadmill.  The only exception to this was the first months of the year, when New Years Resolution folks swarmed the gym.  But that will happen anywhere, so it isn't the JCC's fault.  Generally there is no line of people waiting for cardio equipment.  Any gym where I can immediately get on a treadmill at 530 pm is a miracle in my book - in Chicago, not a chance.  The treadmills (and ellipticals, I think?) have individual TVs, you can bring in headphones and watch TV while you run!  Some of the audio outlets can get wonky at times, but you can almost always find a treadmill with one that works perfectly.I think the weight room is well-equipped.  It isn't the biggest ever, but honestly it isn't ever crowded, so clearly they have all the equipment to meet the demand.  I do a wide variety of upper and lower body exercises - there are several machines for all muscle groups, and lots of free weights.  Occasionally a machine is broken, but not nearly as often as other commenters have said.  We like the staff at the JCC - one of the guys in the cardio room always remembers us and our names, and tells us when a new machine has come in so we can try it.  I've never worked with a personal trainer - I have no idea how good they are.  I know they all have various types of accreditation and degrees in sports medicine and exercise science - you can look online and see their qualifications.  I probably won't be trying their training, just because I'm confident in my workout routine as it is.  I did take a group exercise class once ($5 each, unless you have a fancy membership) and it kicked my BUTT, in a good way, so my impression of the classes is positive.Like with any gym, when you join there are rules about payment, early cancellation, that kind of thing.  Just ask in advance, and get it in writing.  Don't try to cancel halfway through the year and expect them to stop billing you immediately - be smart, take the initiative and plan in advance if you know you need to cut out of your contract early.  They told me upon signing that they prefer year contracts, but they are willing to work with people who need to cut out early for reasons that can't be helped (like moving), but you need to be proactive about it.  Just a pet peeve of mine when people complain about this - the gym I used to go to in Chicago had some weird rule where you had to write a letter to the corporate headquarters to cancel.  Everyone on Yelp was writing reviews like "I can't cancel, they keep charging me, this gym suuuuucks!"  but if you just read your contract, or you know, ASK a little in advance, you can learn how to do it without getting overcharged.I haven't engaged in many of their community activities since I'm pretty much an atheist and not super connected to Jewish culture, but we did stop by their Israel Independence Day Festival (they had a petting zoo!) and they've had lots of other cool things going on for community members.  The JCC supports health, community involvement, child development....it's way more than just a place for you to work out.
<review# 1139,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/1/2014,8/24/2014,22,121,2,6,7>Big Burrito does it again! Casbah is located on a wonderful, neighborhood street in the Shadyside area of Pittsburgh. We got there a little early and waited a little in the lot. Our reservation was for 11 and they open at 11. We were still told the valet had to move our car. I get they have a way they do things and it must work for them but the lot has about 40 spaces that you can see from the street so I don't know why valet is necessary. We are particular about our vehicles and we don't valet anywhere. Not that the valets weren't nice and it's not like we could not see them move the car but anyway...the main reason they get a 4 and not a 5 star. Onto the meal...We waited just a few minutes in line to be seated. As I said our reservation was at 11 & that is when they open. We were seated promptly requesting the inside area of their dining room. They do have a very nice, shaded patio area as well complete with ceiling fans. We requested to sit inside and the hostess happily obliged. We were greeted quickly by a happy and knowledgeable waitress who was on it. She was not at all intrusive but our water was never empty and we didn't have to wait long for our check when we were done. She asked if we wanted any other beverage. I got an iced tea and the hubby requested iced coffee. The waitress noted they could make one for him by adding ice to coffee and he said yes. He was very happy they would accommodate his request. We ordered our food and were promptly brought a basket of bread (oh the wonderful bread basket!). We got 3 types of amazing breadly goodness that included cranberry scones (wow), biscuits (warm, soft, & the Hubby's favorite), and (my favorite) the lime, coconut muffin (sweet, lime, coconut, what's not to love). Oh, and let us not forget the maple butter, yum! I ordered the smoked salmon app. The combo of salmon, capers, aioli, and truffled potato cake - absolute perfection! There was a salty, smokey, sweet flavor that was sheer joy on my taste buds. The hubby chose the creamy polenta which he thoroughly enjoyed noting it was very oatmeal like. For my entree it was the sea scallop fry minus the caramelized onions. I would SOOOO get this again! The scallops were cooked to perfection with a wonderful golden outside that makes my heart sing with joy (can you tell I love a good sea scallop?). The combo of English peas, fennel sausage, and white corn grits...it was something special for sure! I could eat that sausage by the boat load every single day! And the grits - smooth, creamy, and perfectly seasoned. Not that it needed it but the dish comes with scrambled eggs and a beautifully, buttery croissant. My brunch was so satisfying, Heaven! The hubby chose the eggs Benedict with prosciutto. He liked it but noted he should have gotten the spinach not the prosciutto. He said the prosciutto seemed vinagary. The dish includes paprika roasted fingerling potatoes which were mild and perfectly cooked. And for dessert we chose the chocolate stout cake on a wine caramel drizzle served with a little dish of creme brulee ice cream. Holy cow! What a terrific chocolate cake & the ice cream rocked too. Overall, I would recommend Casbah to everyone noting their brunch was fabulous! The valet (even though the need for valet is questionable) and wait staff were super nice, attentive, & knowledgeable. The apps, brunch, & dessert were yummy and delightful. We will visit again!
<review# 1140,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/12/2014,8/23/2014,45,104,3,8,4>I would like to state that I am not an audiophile, and that my opinions are just the opinions of a music appreciator. With that said, I will try to review the venue the best I can and not the bands I saw performing here.Last night was my first night going to Altar Bar. I was there for Devil Driver and White Chapel. Staff: Staff was pretty friendly and on their toes. They used the bar to scan the crowd. The fact of the matter is, this show was at capacity, and it's difficult to pay attention to a large crowd without a good vantage point. I was definitely amused by how well they handled people who were doing really inappropriate things. I felt safe and protected by the security, which is a rarity in my opinion. Altar Bar gets a lot of points for that! I want to be safe at a show, especially at a metal show. The Bar: I didn't touch the bar because I was broke, so I can't say much about drinks. Water was $3, which isn't that bad for a music venue. If you want free water, go to McDonald's next door before the show and hydrate yourself. Balcony/21+ Section: I really liked this area for seeing the crowd, relaxing and getting a different view. I also liked that it allowed me to avoid aggressive teenage boys who were getting too feisty in the "circle pit." Acoustics: I was pretty impressed with the sound quality and acoustics of the place. Churches are built in a way that amplifies sound since sound is such an important part of a church ceremony. I thought this was pretty interesting. I was constantly amazed by how the bass reverberated through my chest and feet. I was on a musical high here. The sound was clear and easy to hear even outside. Size: The size of this venue is perfect. I guess I am one of the rare people who enjoys a smaller venue with an intimate view of the band and closeness to other people. I made a few "friends" who were kind, protective when moshing was going on and overall enjoyable to be around. I couldn't have asked for anything better. Viewing: As a girl who stands at 5ft tall, it's always difficult for me to see the stage. No matter what. I have accepted this fact, and I make the most of it. 6ft5 tall guys will usually take pity on me and move a little, if possible. Luckily, there are several screens on the right-side wall of the venue. This allows you to see the band and audience. I found it useful, and I appreciated it as well. Overall experience: My experience here was an enjoyable one, and I am really excited to return to Altar Bar for many more shows! At the end of the day, I care less about the venue and more about who I am seeing, though, no one wants to be uncomfortable when they are spending 5 hours in a building!
<review# 1141,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/26/2014,8/22/2014,75,135,3,4,3>What happens when hundreds of horny hardworking bees get together ....Honey. What is possibly the best use of honey? A magic alcoholic beverage which will turn you into a wise scholar.  Mead, Norse mythology tells us the poet Mead drank the wine and was suddenly the Einstein of his time. I was unaware of Mead but decided to have my first here at Apis.... In Carnegie of all places.  It's very neutral and inviting inside. A nice sit down environment to enjoy tingling your taste buds and chatting with friends. It looks restaurant like but only cheese and crackers are served so don't come looking for food.The wines range from 7% to 14% alcohol they can be a traditional flavoring which is a tad more bitter and dry. Or meads which are brewed for shorter periods may have fruit flavors or even grape added. I tried the blackberry-raspberry mead and apricot peach. I was looking to stick with lower alcohol content. Both were light and delicious. But I taste tested the dryer meads and they reminded more of champagnes and whit dry wines. Still nice but a different feel on the tongue. You can buy by the bottle glass, or after doing my research drop in and have bottles filled. The owner was a penn brewery employee branching off and doing this now. So great to see this addition. Pricing was decent, honestly not anymore then you'd be paying for a half glass of box wine or cheap bottle wine at a restaurant. It all depends what kind of experience you're up for. I prefer new local flavor myself. Cider lovers take note mead is up your alley... Craft beer lovers branch out try some mead.
<review# 1142,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/13/2014,8/21/2014,67,122,1,5,4>I can't stop raving about this place ever! I originally gave Hemingway's a four star rating due to the fact that the place is extremely cramped with college kids. However, after my experience last night I am gladly updating to five stars! I've only ever visited Hemingway's during school season so naturally it's flooded with the college crowd. Last night, my boyfriend and I decided to grab some cheap eats and drinks before heading out to a club for the night. Coming here in the summer is sooo much better. There still is a decent crowd, but it's much more calm and you don't have to scream like crazy for the person across from you to hear what you're saying. The food was amazing (as usual)! We ordered nachos as an appetizer. They were doused in spicy cheese, olives, peppers, salsa and sour cream. I had the "ABC Wrap," which was a delicious wrap stuffed with avocado, bacon and chicken. My boyfriend had the Rachel and loved it! I'm not a fan of 1000 island dressing, but even after taking a bite I was in love! We also ordered a pitcher of Miller Light because it's only $5 24/7! The drinks and food came to only $19 because we were there during one of their three happy hours throughout the day. Most food is half off and you can find some awesome drink specials! You can't get any better!
<review# 1143,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/11/2014,8/20/2014,48,142,2,3,4>So glad to see the improv/comedy scene blossoming in Pittsburgh, and this may be my favorite new venue for it!  First of all, BYOB!  no more paying for overpriced drinks just to get your comedy fix. Their corkage fee is a very reasonable $2 per six pack or bottle of wine, and apparently there no corkage for beer purchased from the Sharp Edge downtown (according to their website, though I haven't tried this yet).The show I saw--an 8pm improv competition--was hilarious.  They clearly have picked their performers and improv games with care, and they pace the show expertly for maximum enjoyment.  Plus, my boyfriend and I scored $5 student tickets for being graduate students.  What a steal!Love the space, love the location, love the concept.  I'm grateful such a cool venue for improv has finally opened up downtown!
<review# 1144,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/1/2014,8/19/2014,56,36,1,5,3>Nice Place. Better than the quizno's that it replaced. It was clean inside. Expanded to be bigger by knocking out one of the walls. You order at the counter. The man running the counter was funny. Recognized one of my friends and called her Lisa. (Lisa wasn't her name but he played it off). We laughed. You then walk down the isle and pay the cashier at the end. The food took maybe 5-10 minutes to prepare.I got the bang bang chicken salad. It's made with a spicy peanut sauce. I also got double chicken since I work out. I don't know if it was really "double" since it looked like about a breast worth of chicken but nonetheless I'm glad they could accomodate my dietary need. I got a drink and a cookie and my meal came out to $13.50. Again my fault for getting double meat, prolly would've costed around the $11 range otherwise.Portions here are pretty small. Usually deli's are known for getting a good bang for your buck but here the portion sizes are ample. They use plastic containers that are half the size of a regular one, so you get about half the salad you would anywhere else. The bang bang chicken salad and wrap come with mixed greens, nuts, cucumbers, roasted red peppers and its bang bang asian peanut sauce. The chicken was shredded and tasted good. I'd give it a two thumbs up. Now that I have tried the new place on the block the big question comes up, would I go back? Sure If a coworked asked or if someone wanted to try a new place. But I wouldn't have cravings for this place like say a chipotle or five guys. It's good, quality somewhat healthy foods at somewhat moderate prices. But in a community that's filled with such diverse options, being good may not make you stand out among the crowd.
<review# 1145,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/27/2014,8/18/2014,48,52,3,8,5>Wow!  Totally surprised by this one as the entrance/store front made me nervous upon arrival. Once inside, I was still worried as the decor is somewhat dated...and that's when you truly realize the old adage is true - you can't judge a book by its cover.  This place is a phenomenal churrascaria!Over twenty varieties of meats, served gaucho-style with a certified, rock-star cold bar including sushi, various cold cuts and cheeses, salads, and more!This place is certainly on par or better than ANY major Brazilian steakhouse I've ever been to in ANY major city around the US. Come hungry and leave happy...with a belly full of meat. Truly delicious...just bring your appetite, take your time, and enjoy the variety.Flavorful and plentiful food with super friendly service...sim, por favor!!
<review# 1146,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/22/2014,8/17/2014,351,500,3,5,4>Without a doubt, this is the best Indian restaurant in the 'Burgh. I haven't had a buffet this overflowing with vegetarian options since my days trolling Devon Ave. in Chicago for samosas. The food is artfully and thoughtfully prepared, with spice levels that changed from dish to dish, and truly interesting flavor combinations. I was blown away. I can't remember the last time I ate at an Indian buffet where the choices were so many that I couldn't sample everything. You actually need a game plan when dining here. They offered the mini masala dosa with sambar and coconut chutney on my visit. While the mini dosas aren't as crispy as the larger ones I've had (probably because they make them ahead of time) these were still delicious, and the sambar was excellent. Everything was excellent, from the veg pakora, which were perfectly fried and delicious, to the dal, which was rich and creamy, to the fresh broccoli and potatoes, the eggplant masala, the saag paneer...I could go on, but you get the drift. They had 3 dessert choices too. Over the top. The best part is, if you can't get to the lunch buffet, they serve up a dinner buffet on Thursday, Friday, Saturday and Sunday nights. I can't wait to go back.
<review# 1147,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/27/2014,8/16/2014,94,203,1,4,5>Top place to get salad to go.  Create your own because its the best way to get the toppings you want...lots of choices prepared for you just point as you go...I love it.   My favorite is how they chop the salad to your request personally I like small bites. The citrus vinigrette (may have been lime) is really good and the "salad maker" asks you how much dressing you want...it comes out perfect every time!  I'm such a salad lover!  Wish it was all healthy but I love my cheese.  Not sure who is ordering burgers here I mean really you burger ordering loonies its all about salad here.
<review# 1148,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/8/2014,8/15/2014,93,457,3,6,4>Love. This. Place.  Not many bakeries do everything perfectly.  Well, La Gourmandine does.  Whether you are looking for breads or pastries, everything in this place is amazing. We recently had a get together and everyone was asking where the bread was from because it was so amazing.  I can't say I have had that before.... Bread is usually bread.  They have a few different types of baguettes there- and all are yummy.  Some of our fave pastries are: macaroon aux fruits, the citrus tart, raspberry tart, marquise, mousse de framboise and a seasonal one they don't seem to have now the religiuse de caramel (I butchered the spelling on that one). Everything truly is spectacular. Visits here have become part of our weekend routine. I suggest getting there early in case they sell out of anything. You won't be disappointed!!!!
<review# 1149,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/2/2011,9/29/2011,70,148,,15,3>Fitness Factory is a small neighborhood gym on South Highland. There is no pool, no basketball courts, no squash trainers, no smoothie bar, etc. It is the best priced option in the area, as well. If you want to pay $50/mo to say you have a sauna in the locker room, you'll be happy to know that Urban Active has opened their doors right down the road, and that the parking is plentiful.What Fitness Factory does have is a good exercise environment: 3 rooms - one mostly machines, a rock wall, cardio; one free weight room, two power racks, a few benches, more cardio, and a small third room with floor mats, medicine balls, punching bags, etc and no equipment littering the floor.The decor of the place is funky, light-up neon squiggles on the wall, abstract art mixed with pictures of bodybuilders, a  few random retro ads featuring a famed lifter of yesteryear(Thanks, Cybex! - Arnie)I will be the first to admit that yes, this place is crammed, however it is not to the point that you can't maneuver, nor to the point that you can't do whatever exercise you want to do safely. The staff is friendly, the owner signed me up and he was very nice, and I have seen people working with the personal trainers, and they all seem friendly as well. The gym is clean. People follow the signs to put away their free weights,  there are spray bottles everywhere, and I have yet to so much as smell a foul odor, which is impressive. Again, this isn't a multi-million dollar LA Fitness - It's a gym, and it's not going to be pristine.My only complaint about the place is that the hours are bad unless you buy the 24 hour access pass, which is $35/year(They give you a small RFID dongle which will open the side door, and the locker room respective of your sex - so ladies you can feel safe in your locker rooms at night). This is great, however they close off the free-weight room after hours, and while I  can understand it from a safety standpoint, I'm not big on machines so it throws a wrench into my workout if I'm ever late to the party.So far I haven't been in during peak hours, but around noon I often find I get a whole room to myself, I think the most people I've ever seen in there was 10, and I have yet to have to share any equipment.Again, if you're looking for a cheap neighborhood gym that you can go to, do your workout, and come home - this is the place to join. If you want a smoothie bar, head on a little further down Penn.Also, there is a sign currently offering a free Yoga class through June 2011, so it seems like they are trying to compete with the gyms offering classes/services to their members
<review# 1150,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/17/2011,9/27/2011,102,199,,3,4>If you have one day to spend in Pittsburgh, the Andy Warhol Museum should be on your list.There are seven floors--you start at the top and work your way down.  (Be prepared to pass several taxidermy specimens of Warhol's along the way down the stairs.)  Much of Warhol's art in these museum changes periodically as pieces are loaned to and from other institutions, so it's always fresh.  Most of the multimedia displays are permanent, as well as the collection of Warhol's personal items--from his lipstick to his diploma--and "Silver Clouds."  "Silver Clouds" is a 1966 interactive display of huge pillow-like balloons that float around in the one room where touching the art is encouraged.  You'll feel like a kid swatting and batting the "clouds."There are always new traveling exhibits featuring the works of other pop, avant-garde, and modern artists.  Warhol founded Interview magazine and there are tons of display copies to check out in the museum as well.  The gift shop is always worth a stop--I never fail to find a gift or card for some upcoming birthday...and maybe a little something for myself, too!Even if you aren't a fan of Warhol's work, his young life epitomized industrial Pittsburgh: his parents were working-class immigrants, his father worked in a coal mine.  He grew up in the same South Oakland neighborhood as football legend Dan Marino. Warhol attended the now gone Schenley High School and the university that is now Carnegie-Mellon.If you're from out of town, consider starting at Penn & 7th Downtown.  Sit in the eyeball chairs and eat a hot dog from the stand coincidentally named Andy's.  Walk towards the yellow bridges, stopping to check out the Pittsburgh transformer statue and the view of PNC Park (to your left) and the old Heinz Factory (to your right) across the river.  Stroll across the aptly named The Andy Warhol Bridge until you hit the museum.Tip: The museum hosts Good Fridays from 5-10pm on every Friday, where there is 1/2 off admissions and a cash bar downstairs.
<review# 1151,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/16/2011,9/26/2011,102,290,,5,5>I always bring out of towners to Salt of the Earth (to prove that Pittsburgh does have good food) and have never disappointed them or myself with each meal. Salt of the Earth offers fine dining but without the frills. There is upstairs dining for more intimate setting though I have always sat at the common tables downstairs and prefer to do so (since I can read the menu more easily :)). I do hope I get the opportunity to sit at the bar and see the cooks work their magic. Really cool to see how everything is transparent in the kitchen. One of the other things I love about Salt of the Earth is how it focuses on local food and caters the menu depending on what is available seasonally. The appetizers, entrees and drinks (try the french press coffee too!) have been spectacular though wish they offered other dessert options since I am just not a big chocolate person and do not want cheese. While modern dining, prices are more than reasonable. Because it is so insanely good I would suggest going not at peak hours otherwise you'll be waiting for awhile in a not so happening area. You're going to be hooked.
<review# 1152,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/12/2011,9/25/2011,393,254,3,11,8>What is a tourist delight can be my nightmare at times, but how can I blame people for wanting to use this wonderful piece of nostalgic machinery?People ask me all the time on my daily commute about the incline. I wish I knew more about it. Built in 1784 maybe? The incline over looks the Mon River to downtown byway of Station Square.  Many of the inclines brought vehicles, horses, supplies and workers up to the top of the mountain now is truly a mode of transportation for commuters and travelers from all over the world.It's ideal for tourists of all ages. Grab lunch at Station Square or even on Shiloh Street once you arrive after you 3 minute incline ride. Go for a walk down Grandview Avenue and admire the houses we all wish we could afford. You must get as many pictures of yourself as possible on the overlook. I've lived in Mt. Washington for 8 years and still take my picture there.Some things to know before getting on:1. The attendant does not make change. There is a change machine but it does not always work.2. It is not heated or air conditioned. If it's 100 degrees you will sweat and if it's freezing outside you will be freezing inside of it.3. Sometimes it breaks down. Don't worry, you will not die. It's protected. People think the cords will snap but even if they do (which they won't) there are breaks along the rails to catch you. Remember this thing is very old so it's bound to have its bad days too. We all do.No matter how long you'll be in Pittsburgh for you must ride the incline. You will not regret it.
<review# 1153,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/13/2011,9/24/2011,330,1031,5,11,5>Going here was all my bf's idea.  Lucky me, I got to tag along!  For me, here are the highlights:RiverQuest:  We paid the extra $8 for the boat ride.  It's supposed to be an opportunity to learn about Marcellus shale, fracking, and the effect on the environment with a little geology thrown it.  We, much like the rest of the passengers, were only interested in our views of the city and beyond.  Very relaxing.The USS Requin Submarine:  everyone has seen it before sitting out on the river.  I had no interest in going aboard.  It turned out to be my fav!   Hard to imagine a bunch of men living in this thing for days at a time!  You get to tromp thru from one end to the other.  I would be petrified of going down under the water in this thing!  The sub was built for the World War II.  Interesting fact:  the Requin never made it to the battle. Scheduled departure was August 21, 1945, but the war officially ended on the 15th.  The little sub sees plenty of action today.River View Cafe:  the food here is surprising good and so it the service.Miniature Railroad:  this is by far the best one that I have ever seen!  I was very impressed by the size and detail.  There is a tiny Forbe's Field complete with spectators (they are actually painted Q-tips).  There is also a little Fallingwater and Gateway Clipper boat on the Allegheny River and a lot of animated little people.  Also, it's set up with the four seasons.  The display is HUGE.  Don't miss it!Robo World:  enjoyed watching the "thing" shooting hoops.  SciQuest:  the earthquake simulator is sorta lame, but still pretty fun.  Also, we love, love, loved being able to participate in a "weather" broadcast.  So much fun!Rangos Omnimax Theater:  wow, this was really great.  We saw the flick "Tornado Alley".  Very sobering when you see the destruction so up close and personal.  We loved the Storm Chasers.  These people are so crazy.Seascape:  nice to see all the different kinds of fish. UMPC Sportsworks is interesting.  Some of the inter-actives in the Science Center made you feel so dirty when you thought about all the fingers and hands that had touched them.  So, be sure to use the hand sanitizer.  My bf could easily get me to go, again.
<review# 1154,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/6/2011,9/23/2011,103,298,,5,3>The night I moved to Pittsburgh in January 2010, I went to Soba with my parents. My mom was so obsessed that we had to go every time they visited. I loved it too, but after realizing there were so many other worthy restaurants to try in Pittsburgh, Soba fell by the wayside, to the point where I figured that maybe I was playing it up to be better than it actually was in my head.I ended up going back to Soba for dinner this week since it's right around the corner from my new place. And it was actually just as good as I remembered! I was upset that there was nothing pork belly related on the menu (that was always my favorite here), but ended up getting yellowtail sashimi, scallops with a peach jam, and the chopped salad. The chopped salad here, which changes with the seasons, is possibly one of my favorite salads of all time. There's always like ten thousand ingredients in it and it's always super refreshing (this time there was nectarine, coconut, cucumber, avocado, mint...).I wish the restaurant wasn't QUITE so dark (this seems to be the trend in all Big Burrito restaurants) and we were being stared down by a snobby older couple the entire time (we dined at 10pm, and were dressed to go out afterward...I don't know if it was my friend's tattoos or the fact that I was wearing a crop top that was so offensive, but they were NOT having it!), but otherwise it was an all-around awesome experience. Our waitress was super nice and down-to-earth and didn't make us feel like we were out of place at all. So, Soba, you have managed to maintain your 5-star rating from me, and I'm so very sorry I've been neglecting you!
<review# 1155,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/21/2011,9/22/2011,95,142,1,6,3>Arsenal Cider House is truly one of my favorite places in Pittsburgh. Born and raised here, I'm not Pittsburgh's biggest fan by far...but Arsenal makes it all worthwhile!Any time we have friends come in from out of town, a stop here is an absolute necessity and they always come back for more.Bill and Michelle are awesome! Michelle always remembers me and they are both very friendly and love to talk about their craft and the neighborhood. If you turn your nose up to the word 'cider' - you are clearly missing the boat. This isn't plain old hard apple cider. This is creative. This takes a real love of what you are doing. Some of my favorites include the concord grape (sweet), honey vanilla (sweet), and Fighting Elleck apple (sweet). They also have dry choices too and new flavors coming out all the time. The sorbet is also a must-try. I swear, if Arsenal served food, I'd never leave.
<review# 1156,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/3/2011,9/21/2011,28,62,2,8,4>Whenever I tell people I moved from Shadyside to Millvale they always remind me that being so close to Jean-Marc's makes up for the loss of all the good restaurants.Being able to get a cup of (actually good) coffee and a breakfast pastry for $3 should be enough to make you want to come here. That's $3 in cash mind you, like many small businesses the minimum for cards is $10.The macarons and bittersweet chocolate croissants are perfectly made. The cakes look delicious. The ladies behind the counter are friendly and can take an order ahead of time, which I absolutely recommend that you do. There are discounts for bulk orders, even. Keep in mind that Jean-Marc is baking back there himself, and that this is a small bakery. I've seen people walk in and ask for all the chocolate crossiants they have without an order placed in advance, and then get upset when they can't bring the whole bakery to their office - they don't have more pastries waiting in the wings, Jean-Marc bakes them throughout the day. And really, would you want it any other way?Please excuse me for a moment whilst I defend my neighborhood, which some are attacking - Millvale is not dumpy, as a below reviewer exclaimed, it's just a residential row-house neighborhood (just like Lawrenceville WAS) that hasn't quite moved on from the lack of mill work yet - not to mention the seven-year trainwreck called Route 28 in the process of being cleared up. It is quintessentially Pittsburgh. If you go over the 40th St Bridge to get here, you'll have a brioche in one hand and a coffee in the other in no time at all.
<review# 1157,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/8/2011,9/20/2011,40,52,,13,3>Pittsburgh is a funny city. There are fantastic high end restaurants (e.g. Tamari, Spoon, 9 on 9, 11, etc...), but not so many medium-to-low-end restaurants. Well, La Feria is the clear exception. For $15 (or less) you can have an amazing Peruvian meal. My wife and I are experimenting with vegetarianism (I know, we're missing out on a lot of yummy meals!), and La Feria is particularly great for us. They always have 2 veggie specials that are great. Last night I had this bean and pumpkin dish which was fantastic.The atmosphere is pretty laid back and the staff are friendly, so for a quick and tasty dinner, this is the place to go.
<review# 1158,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/26/2011,9/19/2011,138,226,4,11,6>We've been here three times and every time has been as delicious as the last. The traditional cheese pizza was so good. Not sure what combo of cheeses they use but it was a hit with both kids and adults. It was even delicious the next day cold. If they start with a great basic pizza, then you know they can do great gourmet pizza as well.Our favorites have been the arugula with prosciutto and truffle oil and the one with spicy salami, ricotta and fresh mozzarella. I enjoyed the unusual Daniele, a white pizza with rosemary and pistachios. It was tasty but not as filling as the others. It seemed more like a great appetizer to share.One of the biggest surprises was the meatball appetizer. Great flavor and texture and served lightly dressed with sauce, olive oil and fresh basil. Lots of fresh sliced italian bread comes with to sop up the juices. Even my Italian father approved.Desserts are okay. Dad polished off the peanut butter gelato coated in chocolate and my daughter loved it too. She also liked her coffee caramel gelato cup. I would like it better if they just had some gelato flavors scooped to order instead of the pre-packaged frozen desserts.The place is cozy and charming and the staff is friendly and attentive. The place gets a little loud when they are full which I hope is often because we want this place to stick around.
<review# 1159,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/10/2011,10/9/2011,53,433,1,10,7>I have been waiting 3 years for this to open (it used to be Humphreys), and it was worth the wait. My boyfriend and I came here the other night. I had My Big Fat Greek Platter, which is cubed filet mignon, hummus, lemon mint dressed greens, feta, tomatoes, kalamata olives and tzatziki sauce with pita bread. They must still be working out the bugs since I wasn't asked how I wanted the meat cooked. It was a little chewy, but I liked the dish overall. The olives were pitted, which is always a plus. No broken teeth for me. The Bacon Wrapped Scallops were A TREAT! I indulged in a glass of New Holland Dragon's Milk Ale Aged in Oak Barrels, and it definitely had a higher than average poof. It had a rich, amber color, was overpowering, and burned a little bit. It was one of the specialty beers that constantly change. The pumpkin ale I wanted was all gone for the night. The Death By Chocolate cake was SCRUMPTIOUS albeit skimpy in terms of slice. The buttercream frosting was a little too sweet though. This is going to be a popular hangout for Beaver Valley Mall employees. It will be rowdy during sports events. Food Network's always on, making you hungry.
<review# 1160,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/17/2011,10/8/2011,23,53,,5,4>What, you haven't been to Bellisario's yet? This is about the only red sauce pizza I ever get a craving for, and boy howdy is it good. The crust is on the thin side and ever so crisp on the bottom, while still having enough dough on the edge to provide a nice chewy bit at the end of your slice. The dough itself is flavorful, not too... well, doughy. The sauce is great, and they don't drown the pizza in it. There's just enough cheese; not so much it's an overwhelming grease slick and not so little you can't tell it's there. If you can go while Mama's working, all the better.You can eat in here; they have four or five booths and generations worth of family photos on the walls. Two of us split a small (8-cut) pizza with one topping ($9) and with our two cans of pop we were out for $10. You can't beat that. And I'd put Bellisario's pizza up against any in the city.I grew up a five minute walk away. My mom loved Bellisario's and I have a lot of fond memories of walking through the alley to pick up a cheese pizza to bring home, my mom being too dollar-conscious to pay for delivery when there were perfectly able-bodied children around to go pick it up. Every time I have a slice, it brings back great memories. But I've had outside confirmation that it really is as awesome as I think it is.It's a little divey, stuck in the back of an old shopping plaza, but it's perfect. If you're in West Mifflin (say, going to Kennywood), drive over and eat a pizza. They've also got hoagies and calzones, and I think that's about it. But with pizza this good, who cares?
<review# 1161,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/12/2011,10/7/2011,100,116,2,5,2>We came here for the first time last night as part of a group party.  A friend of mine maintains a food blog, and they do a monthly wine exchange at local BYOB restaurants.  Last night's exchange was at Kaleidoscope, and we had a truly great time.Since it was a closed party, they served us 'family style' from big plates that we passed around between our group tables.  We started with a salad with a homemade dressing, and warm pita bread with a heavenly pine nut butter spread.The side dish was herb baked polenta with winter vegetable ragu.  I haven't ever had polenta before, and it was really good, kind of somewhere between corn bread and baked potato consistency.  The 'winter vegetables' were like a warm salsa topping the polenta.For dinner, we had two entrees.  The first was a pork loin roasted with habernero apple compote.  This was amazing - I have had pork with fruit several times recently (the last was with pear), and I cannot say enough good things about this combination.   The pork was tender and juicy.The second entree was beef with 'cow jumped over the blue moon' pasta.  The pasta was fettuccine, but smelled and tasted just like homecooked pierogies in butter and onions.  I made the waiter take my plate after my first serving, because I was afraid I would just go back for more and more.  The beef was so juicy and melt-in-your-mouth good.We also got the chocolate cake dessert, which was awesome.  The other option was a baked pear dessert, and I wish we had been able to get both.  Everything was just delicious.Kaleidoscope is BYOB, which I also love.  It's nestled a few streets back from the bustle of Butler Street, and is hard to miss if you aren't looking for it.  We are certainly glad to have discovered it, and we will definitely be back!
<review# 1162,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/10/2011,10/6/2011,39,148,,5,4>We had the best evening at Elements!  Full Disclosure: We had a living social deal for them, but we will definitely be back even without the deal! What we sampled (we chose to stick with charcuterie and appetizers no entrees and dessert): 12 choice cheese/charcuterie board (the best thing ever!  If we were not just the two of us I would honestly say go for the full board.  This was so much fun, we took the time to sample and enjoy in a relaxed atmosphere)         On the board (Lardo, Duck Speck, Prosciutto, Guanciale with apple, venison, tapenade, apple mostarda, quail eggs, Common Folk Blue, Pierre Robert Triple Cream, Calkins Creamery Brie, Meadow Creek Grayson) Meatball (the only dish we didn't really like and remained untouched, this was due to personal tastes not a problem with the restaurant)Sea Scallops (divine!!  Perfectly seared and delicious)Heirloom Tomato Salad (delicious and fresh)Prosciutto Pizza (not to my liking but the fiance loved it)  (Though it may seem like a lot of food, with the uneaten meatball it was just enough)That is until my fiance found it appropriate to order the entire dessert platter!A masterpiece.  Now trust me we had left overs of this dessert platter for three more days, but definitely a once in a lifetime experience.  Favorites included the chocolate peanut butter fudge and the lemon goat cheese truffles (the single best bite of the meal for both of us!)The service was relaxed and excellent.  At the beginning of our service our server was a bit harried, but as the night progressed things stepped into place.  The manager was also around and discussed both the food and his past experiences.   Overall even with the living social deal we never felt once like we were treated any less than a guest of the house!  We spent over two hours sitting, eating, and talking (a rare occurrence with out schedules)We will definitely be back and with more people I can't wait to order the complete charcuterie platter (which we did spy during the evening when a very lovely gentleman order it for himself and his new wife on the last day of their honeymoon!)
<review# 1163,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/29/2011,10/5/2011,161,195,3,7,4>DH literally dragged me here, ALMOST kicking & screaming.  I had read over their menu several times, and then read it over once again :P.  Nothing jumped out at me or grabbed my attention, not like Alma Pan.  I kept insisting that if he wanted to have Peruvian food that we go there instead, but he insisted.  So off we went on a late Friday evening with a bottle of Spanish wine in tow.  They are BYOB with NO corkage fee to my delight, I thought if the food was bad at least I could drown out the taste in my mouth.  I was delightfully surprised.  We ordered two appetizers, the "Torrejas de Choclo" & "Causa de Langostinos".  Both were bursting with flavor, and beautifully presented.  We were thrilled with the appetizers.  DH & I however shared an entree, which we did not like.  We got the "Paella Latina" which was bland bland bland, and oily!  Why the four stars?  Their appetizers were exquisite and I'm sure their other entrees are good, and I'll definitely be back to try them.  We finished off the meal with an amazing dessert "Port Wine Whipped Cream" on top of dulche de leche.  I could have inhaled it, and well I sort of did :).I also have to say the service is a huge plus here.  Our waitress was extremely friendly and talkative.  She explained the menu well and gave us suggestions.  We even got a free glass of chico morade on the house, which was refreshingly good.  It did not taste like it came from a mix at all.  I would highly recommend it!
<review# 1164,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/29/2011,10/4/2011,41,161,3,5,4>Thing 1:2 oz., 4oz. or 8 oz. wine pours. Seriously. This is the awesomest. Try something, and then try something else and something else and something else ad infinitum (or, I suppose, just until you fall off your bar stool which would totally not be classy, so don't do it.) Thing 2:The bartender is willing to pour you something based on the vague statement "I don't know, you pick me something. Something red. And not too sweet." And he's knowledgeable enough to do it well. Thing 3:Duck confit pizza with gruyere and mushrooms. This is a thing that you bite into and start to chew, oh so casually, and then suddenly stop. Stop and think. Stop and think about what you're eating and how incredibly delicious it is and you actually for once in your life savor every single bite that goes into you mouth. It's that good. It's like a duck revelation. (Esp. since I don't like duck much.)So, yeah, the oven's broken for now. But the brie is good. And the beets are good. And the charcuterie is good (and cheap!) And three 4 oz. wine pours, 2 beers, beets, brie and charcuterie for $60-ish dollars is pretty darned reasonable.Quibbles 1: the art work is not good. Quibble 2: seriously, why are people still using PDFs for the restaurant webpage menus? This shit's ridiculous and annoying. Editing HTML is not that hard.
<review# 1165,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/3/2011,10/3/2011,27,70,,3,2>Best vetrinarian I have ever been to!I have 2 yellow labs with 2 very different personalities.  We parked our car and without fail the dogs both took a poo in the parking lot.  They have bags outside to clean up after the dogs.We walked into a beautiful clean waiting room.  We were greated with a smile and they were even aware of who we were when we walked in.  This was just based on appointment alone.We filled out some paperwork, nothing overwhelming.  We were taken back to a nice little room for the examination.  The aid came in and weighed both dogs.  The vet then came in and examined their teeth and gave the shots.We have one dog that will be nice to anyone and is so loveable.  The vet could tell right away that Maggie was a very relaxed.  On the flip side she could also tell that Peja was not as relaxed.  She was great with Peja and Peja even went into the next room with her.  This is not something that Peja would ever do with anyone.  Peja only lkes you if you have a tennis ball or a frisbee.  Peja even let her look at her teeth, which was very scary for me.  I thought Peja was going to bite her but she didn't.  Maggie has a hangtag that needs removed from her stomach.  I have talked to other vets that wanted to knock her out, keep her overnight, do bloodwork, and a CT scan.  Ridiculous to say the least.  This vet says the bloodwork is necessary because of her age and that she can give her a local anesthetic and it will be over.  the do need to keep her for the day but that is it.  The vet is also not charging an arm and a leg for the surgery.The only thing I would say is that they don't have alot of modern equipment in the office.  I know that they make dog lifts to get dogs on the examination table etc, they do not have this type of equipment.  This is the reason I gave them 4 stars.We will use this vet for everything!
<review# 1166,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/25/2011,10/2/2011,61,73,1,3,3>Location, Location, Location.  Any other Mad Mex would get 4 stars, but this one gets 5 because it has two levels, a large bar and is so much more spacious than any other one I've been to.  It gets a great, fun crowd too. My favorite menu item is the Black Beanie quesadilla.  Something about the blend of spicy goodness and the sweet from the pineapple is absolutely perfect.  I also recommend the nachos.  The chicken nachos are fully loaded with chicken, guac, sour cream, jalapenos, cheese, beans and salsa.  It's a huge serving and could be a meal in itself.  Hands down, best nachos I've ever had and great to share with a group.  I also recommend doing the three salsa/dip deal as an appetizer.  The queso, guac, regular salsa and the pineapple habanero are quite tasty.  The pineapple one is really hot though so don't say I didn't warn you.Now, I know everyone goes here for the margaritas which are a steal during happy hour but I've recently tried the red sangria and was delighted.  It's the perfect mix of sweet and dry and while I don't know the caloric intake, it has to be less calories than the big azz margaritas which are rumored to be over 800 calories.
<review# 1167,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/27/2011,10/1/2011,15,127,,3,2>What a cool idea!As one might expect, the cuisines of countries with which we are in conflict are frequently under-represented in the United States, and Conflict Kitchen helps try to fill in that gap.  They do different iterations every few months, and the current country being represented is Afghanistan.  They've done Iran before, and it looks like Venezuela will be next.  I gather there's more to this organization than just the food, but for hung-over lunch on a Sunday, I was unfortunately a little bit too ignorant-through-fatigue to pay attention to much else.  The takeout window is an interesting layout that immediately gets you asking questions when you see it, and the menu is small in a wonderful way.  Having too many choices stresses people out, and Conflict Kitchen is therefore not a stressful place from which to order.  The turnovers we had were damn tasty, too.  It may not be 100% about the food, but they definitely do the food right.  Options are potato and leek, spinach, and lentil.  All three were great, though there was a slight blandness to the potato and leek and the lentil. The spinach was really where it's at, though.  I'd pick that one if/when I do it again.In the complaint department, well it's cash only, but they're such a small organization that I have trouble faulting them, especially because they're SO INCREDIBLY NICE.  Also, the hours are highly inconvenient for me, but they're there to do takeout for lunch, not serve at all hours of the day, and it may not be economically sound for them to be open much longer than that.If you can make it while they're open, though, try it out and get a taste of something different.  I can't wait until the Venezuela iteration is set up.
<review# 1168,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/3/2011,9/30/2011,65,131,2,3,3>Jerry's is my favorite record store. You can spend an entire afternoon here searching through the records without even realizing it. It's all older used records (if you are looking for newer stuff try Paul's in Bloomfield) and if you take the time to search, mixed among the thousands of non-relevant artists you can find some real gems at a CHEAP price. I found Rust Never Sleeps and Live Rust by Neil Young at Jerry's for $4 a piece. These same records I saw at Amoeba in San Francisco for almost $30 a pop. Take some time to talk to Jerry the owner. He isn't shy about discussing his musical tastes and will tell you if he doesn't like yours!
<review# 1169,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/26/2011,8/18/2011,11,23,,4,4>Smallman's is a great, casual place to go with a large variety of things to choose from.  I haven't had any dinner type meals there, but their breakfast food and sandwiches are great.  You also get a lot of food for the money.  Most times I try to get something new, but if I'm ever unsure, the Reuben is the way to go.  Without a doubt one of the best Reubens around.And when you walk into Smallman's you could easily be going back to the 50s or 60s, where you feel like part of a community and everyone knows this is the place to eat.  There's always plenty of seating, inside or out.  Whenever it's nice, the patio is the place to sit and watch the people walk by on Murray Avenue.The staff there is always friendly and they make you feel welcome the minute you walk in.
<review# 1170,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/21/2011,8/17/2011,33,63,,3,2>Thank you Groupon, for introducing me to this great restaurant.Tried to make a reservation online on Thursday for dinner on Friday. Not wanting to eat dinner at 5 or 10pm, I called and was able to get 2 seats at the "exhibition kitchen" (bar where you can watch the chefs cook) at 7:45pm. Thanks to reviews and recommendations from friends, I knew this seating would be perfect for us. Our waiter was attentive but not overwhelming.  He talked up the fresh sangria, so we both ended up with a pint glass of it.  It was good and not too sweet or strong.As a vegetarian, I knew eating at a restaurant known for their sushi and fish would give me limited options. I was happy to see some vegetarian tapas, a vegan roll, and one vegetarian entree.  We started with the spicy vegan roll, which was not spicy at all.  I didn't taste any jalapeno. However, the presentation and taste of the roll was good overall.Dinner was chile relleno, which was amazing. The mole sauce was perfect, the pepper was blackened and delicious. The quinoa complemented the pepper and sauce.  It was a good size dish-we had no problem finishing it and were satisfied.This is a great date restaurant, and sitting at the bar is a great opportunity to see expert chefs at their best. The kitchen was extremely well organized. Yes, it's pricy, but for the special night out it's great.
<review# 1171,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/17/2011,8/16/2011,104,143,2,2,2>I love this place - great South Indian food!The space is clean and inviting but sparse. Service is good but not great. Prices are really affordable. I generally prefer to get takeout from here so I can pig out on my own at home.As for the food - it's so, so good. The idli is great and the palak paneer is also quite good. Udipi's best items are the dosas, which is different from the normal north Indian fare you get in most Indian restaurants. But it will become a craving once you've had it. Rava dosas, masala dosas and all their variants - all expertly prepared. I think I just made myself hungry writing this review!
<review# 1172,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/11/2008,8/15/2011,6,39,3,8,8>I love the BBT as a cheap dive bar and for the great polish food.  I almost always get some pirogies and some kielbasa.  Most times after I order I see an old polish woman come out from nowhere and start cooking up my food!  It is definitely not health food, the 'rogies come out dripping in butter with some onions (and some sour cream), and the keilbasa comes simply as a giant delicious mouth watering link on a plate.  Although if there is a group of people who order different types of  'rogies you are almost guaranteed not to receive the mixture you ordered.  The live local music is fun, the beer fridge has a decent variety and a $1 bottle night on Thursdays, and their fries are good for snacking too!
<review# 1173,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/3/2011,8/12/2011,4,33,2,4,4>Have I found my new favorite date spot? My fiancée and I just enjoyed dinner here last night and we were thrilled with every part of our experience at Il Pizzaiolo. We showed up pretty late, around 9:20pm and were provided with quick service from a friendly server. I was pleased with their wine list- lots of great Italian reds. The Barbera d' Asti they have by the glass is excellent! We ordered the Carcuccieri pizza (or had a similar name- the one with artichokes and prosciutto) and loved every bite. Real wood-oven cooked thin crust pizza, with good quality toppings and San Marzano tomato sauce. Molto bene!We parked on the street and were able to find a spot easily. Seemed like a pretty and safe neighborhood. When the weather is decent, dine outside on their back patio. It's gorgeous and romantic!
<review# 1174,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/3/2011,8/11/2011,89,150,,2,2>People need to stop complaining about the portion size.  Tacos are a street food you eat on the go, not those deep fried abominations Americans seem to be so fond of.  Two/three tacos with chips and salsa is plenty for any normal sized human.So far, this is my favorite taco place in Pittsburgh.  The second runner up was Round Corner Cantina.  While both are good, the bolder flavors of YR wins out.We went on a Tuesday night.  It was crowded but not unmanageable. We hung out at the bar while we waited for our table.  I had the ODB with gin.  There was a smidge too much pickle juice, but I enjoyed it.  Unfortunately  I can't drink Tequila so I was not able to have the more taco appropriate cocktails.  The Moscow Mule was a big punch of sunshine.  The chips and salsa were good.  Finally, a place in this town that serves something resembling a good salsa!The boyfriend and I split the asparagus taco, the pork belly and the duck taco.  The were a little larger than an average street taco and the fillings were plentiful.  I wish they had been corn tortillas rather than flour, but that didn't take away from the overall flavor.Yes, for Pittsburgh the tacos are a bit expensive.  This is more of a "sometimes" restaurant than a "often" restaurant because of the price.  I very much look forward to going back and eating my way through the rest of the menu.
<review# 1175,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/26/2011,8/10/2011,51,88,,5,3>I've been here at least 10 times, but today put it over the top for me - and seeing as it's been long enough since I've reviewed something, Istanbul Grille deserves my re-inauguration to Yelp. I get the vegetarian plate. For $6. Everytime. All of their sides are vegetarian, so you can't go wrong - they also do meat on a spit for gyros, or chicken, or you can have it on a salad. The owner makes this amazing spicy sauce that is perfect on anything - I'm convinced. And if you're lucky to swing by on a day he's behind the counter, he'll happily give you a little taste of a few of his other specialties ... bulgar salad, chickpeas, lentils, babaganoush, bean salad, hummus, grape leaves ... and as he says, "it's not babganoush .... it's THE BEST babaganoush". P.S. Cash only, and some standing room to snack - don't complain, it keeps their costs down.
<review# 1176,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/27/2011,8/9/2011,45,195,1,4,2>This review is mostly about the food:AMAZING!  The food is Mexican food with a twist and I loved it!  I ordered the chicken torta but honestly the only part I didn't like was the chicken.  Next time I would order the tofu torta instead.  It came with spinach, black refried beans, cheese, and chipotle sauce.  It all worked together REALLY nicely.  My girlfriend (a vegan) ordered the tofu torta and was in heaven as well.  The website says they offer dairy-free cheese but they were all out when we went but she said it was still tasty.  Also, they have gluten-free bread which tasted like regular bread.   Make sure you order the chips and guac since they really do complete the meal.  The $4 margaritas were to die for but the wine selection or full bar are also available.The ambiance is of a lounge and not where you'd expect to find good food.  I'd recommend coming earlier before it turns into a nightclub.  I've been here dancing and it doesn't seem practical to eat here later on since it gets crowded and really loud.All in all the prices are GREAT value for the flavors in your mouth!
<review# 1177,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/27/2011,8/8/2011,145,36,1,10,4>This is the kind of restaurant that I deeply appreciate.  Family-owned.  Off the main roads.  Charming interior.  Unique staff.  WONDERFUL FOOD.  (We called this our "less-expensive Casbah" when we left).Like everywhere we end up going, we go because a Yelp review we have read, that inspired us to give it a try.  We new it was BYOB, but we weren't in the mood for drinking, so we walked on over.  It was our own fault that we got there, at 5:00pm, on the dot - and they were not quite ready to be opened, as they were finishing setting up the tables.  My boyfriend and I took a quick walk around Ellsworth.  It's a family-owned business where they turned their front garage into the most charming, artsy-like, romantic restaurant.  We'll cut them some slack!When we got back, they were ready for us; and we chose to snag a table outside (they thought we were nuts).  However, in one of the reviews, we read that they had no A/C, which was a big selling point for us (I absolutely loathe going into a freezing cold, A/C'd out restaurant, and being forced to bring a hoodie with me, when it's 90+ outside.  And we do kind of like hot, humid, and muggy); but, I guess they have upgraded because the A/C was BLASTING on the inside of the restaurant.We started off with the Gazpacho.  This was a perfect summer starter because it was cool, extremely flavorful, and a natural air conditioner to the body.  It had lumps of shrimp and crab meat at the bottom, which made us feel like we were eating somewhere on Duval St. in Key West.  I normally don't like cilantro, but the cilantro was so subtle and completely rounded out the flavor.  When our waitress brought out the freshly baked loaf of corn bread, we sopped up the rest of it.  It is true, the wait staff genuinely appreciates your compliments and feels honored every time you say you enjoyed something.I ordered the Wild Mushroom Ravioli and my boyfriend ordered the Lamb Burger.  When our dishes came out, they were the most beautiful dishes I had ever seen - full of color, wonderful portion sizing, and aromas just attacking the olfactory with sensational goodness.  My Ravs were topped with this grape tomato paquillo sauce, which tasted like it had hints of red pepper also.  It was FANTASTIC.  Plus, there were whole mushrooms, okra, carrots, and cauliflower on top of the dish as well.  I don't know what kind of separate seasonings were on the veggies, but they were to-die-for also.  I can't exactly remember how many Ravs were in my bowl, but every time I thought I was finished, there was another ravioli to be found, and then another.  For the price - I think there were a total of 10 fully-stuffed, hand-made mushroom ravs.  Incredible.My boyfriend's Lamb Burger came with a cranberry and raisin jam (but "jam" seems to cliché of a word for this topping), and a salad that had slices of apples in it.  Now I'm usually not one to eat sweeter tasting foods; however, the complementing of sweet and savory in this dish blew my mind.  I'm also not a big fruit eater (unless it's blended in a smoothie), but I totally got past all that because the flavors and the textures all are playing nicely with one another.We opted out of dessert because we were so stuffed.  But our bill for an appetizer and two filling, insanely delicious entrees came to $40.  DING DING DING DING DING!  WE HAVE FOUND A WINNER!  After dinner the owner came over to our table and we were introduced.  What a wonderful, sweet, and genuine older guy.  We will definitely be back before the menu changes again; and next time, we're going for entrees and dessert!! One last thing - it is a Cash Only restaurant, but they do have an ATM on-site.
<review# 1178,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/28/2011,8/7/2011,168,110,,8,8>I have been waiting for the perfect moment to write my review of Root 174. Since I woke up this morning craving the fried brussel sprouts (read: salivating over them), I figured this was the perfect time.The head chef, Keith, personally invited us to the opening party, after we creepily stood in the doorway peering in the night before. I noticed that he was going around to every table, introducing himself and making sure everyone was taken care of. He believes in "giving back" to the community and offers a discount to those livin' in the 15221 (my hood, holla!). The guy is just super nice, period. Will, the manager, I also no slouch- he came over, chatted us up, and really made use feel welcome. Great guy. Ok- now on with the food:Fried Brussel Sprouts. Oh lord in heaven, they are so good. Crispy, tangy and the perfect balance of salt an sweet, topped with a bacon chutney. The tostanoes, a flat plantain with refried black beans and corn exploded with flavor- so tasty, perfect sweetness. They have a seasonal menu, so these goodies may not still be on there but TRY them if they are. I cannot wait to return for the entrees!They are BYOB, which is always a plus. Root 174 is the perfect spot to bring out of town friends who you want to experience the best that the 'burgh has to offer. I am so pleased that these friendly, innovative folks have graced my neighborhood. I am hoping that they do a brunch, but will contInue to love them regardless!!
<review# 1179,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/19/2011,2/12/2012,161,195,,9,3>Oh Tamari, how do I love thee... let me count the ways!I can't believe I've taken this long to write a review for my most favorite Pittsburgh eatery.  I guess I always thought words wouldn't do justice for this restaurant.  Each and every time the DH and I come here we are blown away.  We've come here with huge groups of friends, romantic dinners, happy hour, and even the chef tasting.  The chef tasting is by far my most favorite experience.  Chef Roger actually gives you a call before your dinner to see what you expectations are.  He pays particular attention to what you do and do not like.  He hit the nail on the head with our dinner.  To start off with the portion sizes were very large for a tasting, but it was so amazing we had to finish each and every last bite.  We even thought of giving up eating out all together and just saving our money to do a chef tasting there once a month, it was that good!  In addition, the owner Allen is so sweet!  He's always walking around to make sure everyone is satisfied with their meal, and remembers his patrons quite well.  This is by far the best restaurant in the burgh, and one that I recommend to everyone when they want to try something new & different.  Give this place a try and you will not be disappointed.
<review# 1180,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/4/2011,2/11/2012,48,221,,4,2>Get here early or wait in line, especially on early Steeler's game days.  9 am and the line was already out the door on a Sunday, but the line moved fast.  This isn't the first time I've been here, and will definitely not be the last.  Today I had cinnamon bun pancakes and a side of sweet sausage.  Both were absolutely perfect.  My husband got his usual - the breakfast buritto.  Delicious as always!  I've never been disappointed by DeLuca's - the service is always friendly and very fast.  It amazes me how efficient they are to crank out breakfast and turnover tables as fast as they do.  They are a machine.  They are amazing.   Cash only, but there are ATMs all over Penn Ave.  They say they are the best breakfast in town, and I can't say I disagree.
<review# 1181,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/16/2011,2/9/2012,102,199,2,2,2>Some serious old school 80's glamour waits up the long flight of stairs to Marti Gras.  There's something magical about this dive--even the smoke doesn't seem to bother me...Actually, it's probably the strong drinks that are responsible for that...Which may be made with magic.  Who can say?  But I'm a sucker for any sort of sweet vodka cocktail in a martini glass, and the drinks here will knock a girl off her heels.  Luckily, there's always an attentive bartender waiting to mix one more cocktail.But this ain't no college dive.  You won't find too many kids in here, which I appreciate.  It's dark up those stairs and the jukebox jazz is often questionable, but the booths are cozy and the drinks are tall and the beer selection is more than decent.  I'll take it.P.S. - It was cash only last time I checked.
<review# 1182,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/8/2011,2/8/2012,46,70,3,14,6>So...I went when Pastitsio first opened and was a little disappointed. There weren't many options, the portions were small and pricey and my bf and I were just "meh" about it. I haven't been back since that visit until today....All I have to say is that I am disappointed in MYSELF that I didn't return to this place sooner! It is super close to my house, and I had no idea I could have access to fresh, DELISH hummus all the time. Hummus is a food group for me, and being a vegetarian, it is one of the only things I can order at a lot of restaurants/bars besides salad. So I love it, I never get sick of it. Pastitsio's does it FRESH and RIGHT! It is so good paired with their warm pita! You can also buy containers to go, and now that I know this, I will probably be back frequently!They also have an array of fresh (vegan/veggie) salads like Tabboulah and potato salad with olive oil, not mayo. They have daily specials (bf got the carved chicken sandwich) and many other fun things in their to-go fridge. BF loved the salad dressing as well!Plus, they were so friendly when we walked in! Super nice people, they brought everything to our table on nice plates, and just made the extra effort. Can't wait to be back for my weekly hummus fill!
<review# 1183,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/29/2012,2/7/2012,95,142,2,3,2>I've been to Fat Head's countless times since it opened. Even after moving to Philly and back, it's remained one of my favorite places for top notch bar food. FH's is like the Baskin Robins of beer! 42 flavors on tap and they rotate beers in and out, so you're always sure to try something new. Today I had the Liefmans Cuvee-Brut and it was so good! A nice sour cherry Belgian ale...yum! But let's move onto the food. FH's has a HUGE menu and portions to match! Yes - they have wings - but they are by far the best wings in Pittsburgh. Fantastic sauces from sweet to savory, mild to mouth-searing smothered on nice-sized wings....not the skimpy bones with a half a bite of chicken that I've been served at QS&L. No matter what you order, you will not be disappointed. This was proven to me today when I tried something new - the Beauty & Beasty Sandwich which had slow-roasted pulled pork, BBQ sauce, dill pickles, onions, and homemade cole slaw piled on a hearty bun. Perfect! It was huge! I couldn't eat the whole thing. This also holds true with their burgers - which are fresh and handmade and piled with awesome toppings!Don't pass up the appetizers either! One of my favories is the 'Shrooms, which are hand-breaded in a herby batter and piled in a basket big enough for 2-3 people! The chicken quesadilla is also a regular favorite for us. I suggest we petition to make Fat Head's the Pittsburgh icon rather than the "Brothers" sandwich place.
<review# 1184,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/11/2011,2/6/2012,393,254,1,8,5>I love Chinese food. There I said it. Now I can get this review properly underway.I'm not that familiar with the south hills because I'm a city kid. I don't venture outside unless I have reason to. A friend invited me out that way for dinner here knowing how much I enjoy Chinese food and she said she just knew I would like it. Boy was she right.Silk Road is located in the heart of Caste Village in Whitehall (which that itself I need to explore more). It's modestly decorated and basically looks like your run of the mill sit down Chinese restaurant.Every time I go to Silk Road I order the following:Appetizer: Spicy Wontons. I was turned onto the spicy wonton at Silk Road and have been loving them ever since. It's the traditional wonton from your wonton soup with a spicy peanut sauce. I believe you get 8 of them for $6.Snack: Egg roll. They probably have one of the best egg rolls ever.Entire: Pineapple beef. I NEVER order a beef dish when I eat Chinese except for at Silk Road. The pineapple beef is probably THE best Chinese meal I've ever eaten. I feel horrible because I feel any description I give it will not to it justice. The portion is enormous so no matter how greedy I'm feeling there is always plenty to take home (side note: I always ask for extra rice)Dessert: Fortune Cookie, duh.Please, please, please go eat there! And maybe try something else because I'm not sure if I can be persuaded to change my order anytime soon.
<review# 1185,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/13/2011,2/5/2012,351,500,,6,3>I've spent some time in Mexico City and enjoyed tacos there...these definitely rate, although I'm not sure whose idea it was to put the rice right in the tacos. I will ask for my tacos without it next time, as I found it just too weird. The chicken was well spiced and perfectly cooked, and the tortillas had that nice corn flavor I like. The Mexicans I know, both in Mexico and Chicago, top their tacos with chopped raw onion, jalapenos and cilantro, and I've yet to see that here in Pittsburgh, so I found myself missing that trio, but good flavors overall and thoughtful preparation will keep me coming back here. I also had the tortilla soup and it was delicious...the most Mexican thing I've eaten since moving here, authentically flavored with achiote, which also gives it a lovely orangey-red color. Finally, some Mexican food in the 'burgh I can get behind.
<review# 1186,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/3/2012,2/4/2012,28,62,,2,3>For some reason, some kind of force in the world has kept me from wanting or even considering going here since it opened. It might have been the location - it's on the wrong side of Shadyside to be a good restaurant, right? Wrong. So wrong.I went here for a staff lunch and left full of amazing food. We split some great French pressed coffee while pondering the menu, until we were informed that was from last night's dinner - if there was something that we wanted on the menu, we could ask and they'd check with the kitchen. We asked if they could whip up some delicious truffle fries for us, they checked, and they did.Pittsburgh is getting really good about gourmet, seasoned fries and these were no exception. They arrived along-side delicious tempura-battered vegetables (om nom nom sweet potatoes), and a pear and Gorgonzola flatbread (also om nom nom).Being the sucker that I am for beet salads, ever since I went to Salt of the Earth I've been devouring them, I got the pistachio chicken, beet, and goat cheese salad. The chicken was pretty okay, it didn't knock my socks off, but chicken on salad isn't normally... a sock-knocker. However, I hear that three of my colleagues kobe-beef burgers were very tasty. Apparently they have a great cheese selection.I'll absolutely come back for dinner, but prepared to spend a lot more than I did at lunch. Big price changes between menus - probably with good reason.
<review# 1187,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/16/2012,2/3/2012,48,74,1,5,3>I rarely give a 5 star rating, so congrats to Bar Marco!!  It takes a special combination of delicious food, unique drinks, and a welcoming, warm atmosphere to create a dining experience that makes you want to come back for more...and Bar Marco's got it!The menu changes frequently, but based on the last few reviews, you can order just about anything and be extremely pleased.  To start, we sampled the cocktails.  With a hint of crushed red pepper, the gimlet tequila is outstanding; another hit was the chartreuse- an aromatic concoction of yellow chartreuse liqueur and thyme.  For snacks, we decided to get one of everything... and everything was incredibly tasty. The patatas bravas,  which were crisp oven baked potatoes, were drizzled with an amazing smoky sauce that we all wanted to take home with us.  A message to the chefs of Bar Marco: please mass produce and distribute this, thanks! Another must try is the arancini with vodka sauce-- delicious crisp balls of creamy risotto and one of the restaurant's signature dishes.   We also sampled the sausage and polenta (creamy polenta and spicy sausage), fritto misto (lightly battered, fried, and deliciously seasoned veggies), greens and beans (kale and cannellini beans in a tasty broth served with crostini), and the fall meatballs (wonderfully seasoned, melt in your mouth good).  We then decided to split the Ribeye with chimichurri, which was beautifully cooked...I'm still dreaming about this one.  As several have already mentioned, this is definitely a place to take your time, enjoy the food, enjoy the drinks, and enjoy the company you share the experience with :)  For now, it seems that seating is limited, so if you're thinking of trying this place out before it gets insanely busy-making reservations is a good idea!!
<review# 1188,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/18/2012,2/2/2012,40,52,,8,2>As any of you who've read my reviews know, Tamari (Lawrenceville) is my favorite restaurant in Pittsburgh. Well, those of you living in the North Hills are in for a real treat as Alan, the owner of Tamari, has opened up a second restaurant in Warrendale. Yesterday was opening night for them and my wife and I couldn't miss the opportunity to support this new venture. Let's just say that the drive up was worth it in every way (though we'll likely continue being regulars at Lawrenceville location). The decor is modern but without any pretentiousness. The service (even though it was their first night open!!) was excellent. And the food...well, what's not to love. The menu, for now, is the same as the Lawrenceville location, so we ate some of our favorites (Tamari Roll, Mushroom Salad, Kobatcha Soup, Scallops, Robata Grill) and even got a very nice treat from the chef (fried oysters).I have to admit, my only complaint is that now I'm jealous of all you North Hills folks. Not that I don't still love the Lawrenceville location, but man is the Warrendale space amazing. With the same great menu and a new space for great drinks and food, I'm sure that Tamari - Warrendale will make a huge splash in the North Hills food scene. Oh, make sure you try the Sake Negroni...a new favorite for me.One more comment: the location is so new that it wasn't on my car's GPS (though it is on Google Maps). So for those of you not familiar with this area, make sure to have a smart phone with Google Maps to guide you.Enjoy.
<review# 1189,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/29/2011,4/14/2012,40,52,3,6,4>Let me start by saying that I am a New Yorker (before Pittsburgh, I lived in Manhattan for 8 years and Long Island before that), and we can be very picky about our pizza. The dough should be thin enough where it's crunchy, but not so thin that when you pick up the pizza, it flaps down. The sauce should be just a bit acidic, but no so much that it tastes like vinegar. And the cheese should be plentiful enough to give pizza that characteristic flavor, but not so plentiful that you get a glob of fat in your mouth.Well, after trying a whole host of pizza joints in the 'burgh, I'm happy to say that Pizza Bellino is my favorite. Now, this isn't going to be authentic NY pizza, but it will pretty close. Every time I crave a slice, this is the first place that comes to mind. In fact, but for their $11 minimum order for delivery, I would have some on the way right now! If you want a classic pizza without any frills, Pizza Belino will do the job.(and stay away from those terrible "Pittsburgh Pizzas" at Aiello's and Mineo's ...bleh)
<review# 1190,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/10/2011,4/13/2012,51,88,,3,4>Big Dog is love. Coffee and ambiance must go together. Frankly, I think the reason I love it here so, so much, is because the slightly creaky wood floors and back patio remind me of my Gram's house ... cozy, comforting, with big chairs and old furniture that beg to be sat in. It's just ... not corporate coffee. And for those of us who live the corporate lifestyle, having coffee in that kind of space is reassuring that the world is still an okay place. They use Intelligentsia beans, a question that a few folks have seemed to pose and I think other Yelpers have mentioned but the reviews might be a bit buried at this point. They roast in Chicago and LA, so chances are if you've had a cup somewhere in those metro areas, you've probably had it before. Other things of note ... amazing gelato in the summer; always an oatmeal bar for breakfast and soup bar for lunch (soups are all homemade), and a ridiculously tempting selection of biscotti and scones/other treats that coffee deserves to spend time with. And ... free wi-fi! Whoop whoop!
<review# 1191,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/30/2011,4/12/2012,103,298,5,9,4>Not gonna lie, I'm super shocked that this place is owned by Eat'n Park, which is one of my least favorite eating establishments on the face of this earth. But I'm definitely glad that this place popped up in Oakland rather than the traditional Eat'n Park that was rumored to be planned for the location. I'm also thankful that the building is well-designed and doesn't look like an ugly eyesore in the middle of Schenley Plaza. So while I wish that the space had been left empty and full of nice green grass, it is what it is and at least The Porch has some pretty decent food to show for it.It is an odd location. I don't think the average broke college student is going to be too excited about $8 margaritas and $20 duck drumsticks. Questionable business plans aside, I really enjoyed my dinner here. The calamari with zucchini straws was perfect! Tentacles included (my fav, I'll fight for those!) so you know it's the good stuff, and it came with lots of lemon wedges and a homemade marinara sauce. It's like they read my mind! I also was in love with the pork belly with pumpkin and fennel...so autumnal! The dish was pretty greasy but hey, it's a chunk of pure animal fat, so what's a little bit of extra grease, really? Other than that it was ridic tasty. The homemade soda was also fabulous though it would definitely taste better with vodka (why do they only have two cocktails on the menu? and one is tequila-based? bummer).The one part of my meal that fell short was the Rieger Pork Soup. The concept is perfection--french onion soup with pork. Where could that go wrong? Unfortunately, the soup was completely devoid of flavor. Once I dumped half the salt shaker in it, it became edible, but the main problem was that the onions were not caramelized at all. Topped with a bland slice of cheese, it was the only disappointment of my meal.I do have to say, all the raves about the atmosphere are kind of off. I could imagine it being a great lunch spot with all the natural light coming through the windows, but at dinnertime, the lights were WAY too bright. The cheap cafeteria vibe (or should I say, Eat'n Park vibe) was totally offputting and an inappropriate match for the sophisticated food. Otherwise, the space is cute, cozy, and well-utilized. Install a dimmer on the lights and I'll be back for sure!
<review# 1192,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/2/2011,4/11/2012,143,349,3,3,2>I'm wild about Wildcard.  This place is so cute and offers unique items in addition to cards.  Can I tell you that their cards are super original and quirky which I love.  I'm not a big card fan but these are da bomb!  Such wit and sarcasm in a small foldable piece of paper is worthy of my $.  I also love that they keep a plethora of Pgh themed shirts in the store.  I purchased the one where the neighborhood names make up the map of Pittsburgh.  There are others I would like to purchase but those are for future visits.  I definitely recommend this place for those who are looking for some original cards or just some random, "just because" gifts.
<review# 1193,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/12/2012,4/10/2012,64,177,,3,3>By far one of the most unique museum experiences I have had in my life.  Prior to coming to the Warhol I knew very very little about the man.  After leaving the museum I felt like I knew him infinitely better and had acquired a more diverse appreciation not only for the pop-art genre but for art and art-related in general.Different floors exhibit different stage's of Warhol's exploits as an artist.  The human component however is ever present not only in how it affects or changed people's appreciation of art but also in Andy's development as a person.My favorite room that to be the one with the differently shaped helium mylar balloons.  It was an unforgettable photo opp as well as made you part of the art ... art in motion ... interactive art ... subject art ... LOVE IT.
<review# 1194,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/4/2012,4/9/2012,65,125,6,5,4>Sometimes you need a little karaoke...and sometimes you need a lot. It was that kind of Saturday.A couple of weeks ago I decided to put together a little karaoke event dubbed "Whitney-oke."  I think you get it, you smart Yelper, you.  All Whitney Houston - all the time.  Usually, my crew heads to Duke's Station in Bethel Park (far, but ribs that make you wanna smack somebody, they're that good), but we decided to keep it local and head to Stinky's on Hatfield in L'ville for their weekly Saturday karaoke.  What this genius (me) didn't count on, was that when the Pens play, the karaoke machine doesn't.  Sad.  So, we headed to Nico's Recovery Room in Bloomfield - not my/our favorite place AT ALL - but desperate times.  Unfortunately, as is usually the case with Nico's, there was nowhere to sit and the cloud of smoke was intoxicating. So, I turned to Yelp.  The first place to pop up in my search was Green Pepper, a little Korean joint in Squirrel Hill.  Having never been, I called to check on the karaoke details.  Darren (came to know his name later) answered the phone and explained that karaoke is free until 10pm, but after that would cost $1.25/minute.  So, um - that took me a solid 5 minutes to understand. I think I asked him at least 4 times. Poor guy.  I'd blame booze, but I was stone sober at this point. I just didn't get it.  We decided it was worth it, especially given that there were 10+ people in our party.We arrived to an absolutely empty restaurant and were VERY pleasantly surprised to discover a plush, leather couch-lined karaoke ROOM;  with a big tv, a nice, fancy microphone, internet access-based karaoke software and none of those strange kiddos from Nico's to judge our Whitney antics.  We set the clock and decided to spend one hour singin' our little Whitney hearts out (total $80).  It might seem like a lot to pay for karaoke, but the service was great and the camaraderie...well, that was priceless.  Can't wait to go back.  Britney-oke, anyone?
<review# 1195,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/21/2012,4/8/2012,33,63,1,8,5>Some helpful hints for the Climbing Wall:-A one-day pass is $12.  College students/active military pay $10.  Wednesday is 1/2 price for ladies (but only after they pay full price on the first visit).  Wednesday is also 1/2 price for guys who wear a sports bra.  Yup, you heard me right.  Wednesdays are usually pretty crowded.-They run a different membership special every month.  If you climb more than once a week, a membership can definitely be worth it.-If it's your first time at the wall, I highly suggest just doing the "bouldering certification" instead of the "safety and belay certification class."  The bouldering certification takes about 5 minutes and then you can start climbing.  Decide if you like it, then do the belay certification.-If you "like" them on facebook, you can get updates about when they change the routes, what membership specials they're running, if they're selling any old/used shoes for discounted prices, etc.  The wall is in a great location, on several bus routes, and right next to the East End Food Co-op.  It can get crowded, but everyone takes turns so you have plenty of opportunities.
<review# 1196,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/17/2012,4/7/2012,24,53,2,4,4>I booked this dinner date with much anticipation. By the time the day arrived the air had been invaded by the shade of white. The roads were covered with a sloppy mess and I had been steamrolled by sickness. My anticipation had turned to worry and a medicated haze. Alas I arrived, in the entrance I handed a young women my coat but not before snagging the tissues from it. The room was filled with a cozy house like glow with warmth that seemed to dripping from the seams. I was seated along with my date near the entrance, my heart immediately was happy to be seated but my brain knew we would catch a slight draft from the outside world. I ignored the bittersweet island I had now made port with and focused on the drink list. I immediately spotted my wine of choice a Malbeck from the colorful plethora of alcohol choices. They said I shouldn't have more than three alchoholic beverages with my meds, I took that as an invitation to drink as if it was a good idea..The appetizers seem to scream eat me so I couldn't deny my stomach and I went with the sauteed calamari. It was if the squid had decided that it's last dying wish was to appease some unaware future predator which happened to be me. It was excellent. After the wikipedialike information filled specials list was sounded off by our waiter Nikki. I had decided to choose a steak smothered in mushrooms, it sounded most delicious. Unaware was I of one of the many things that makes Joeseph Tambellines so special is their weekly pasta dish that is served with every meal. I, a then fallen victim of oil and bread, calamari, the soup that came with my entree was now being faced with yet another course to battle with. The pasta was great and truly was surprising. By the time I had gotten to my entree I was struggling. I then with sad struggling eyes looked up...There sat on a plate what seemed like half of a cow. The steak could have been mistaken for the size of a deflated basketball, a festival of meat disguised in the surface area of a sheet cake. I wanted to cry both in joy and and fear. I attempted to conquer the beast but it was sadly beyond the likes of me. Soon after I was approach with the killing blow from Joseph Tambellines...dessert.I offered up a treaty with my date as to share something since I was becoming lifeless due to the IV of solids I was unexpectedly hooked up to. We decided on the creme brulee and were very impressed. The flavors truly were captured, a fitting way to mark my food grave.All in all, Joseph Tamebellines is an experience that must be taken one course at a time, with caution mind you. For those risk takers out there who love to test the limits of their ability to be overly satisfied, this is the place for you.
<review# 1197,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/11/2012,4/6/2012,235,192,,8,2>I had a great lunch here!The service, TBH, was average, but they pre-bused the hell out of my table so I was incredibly delighted!(Lack of pre-bus is a HUUUUUGE pet peeve of mine!)There were several items on the menu that I really wanted to try and I was truly torn on what to get.There was a Wild Boar dish, a Salmon that sounded amazing, and a Duck dish that sounded awesome, too!I'll walk you through the meal...1.)  They bring you some delicious breads (a Rosemary and Sea Salt bread, and another plainer Italian bread) to dip into a plate that had 2 perfectly rounded scoops of spreads in a pool of olive oil.The scoops?  I think that one was an avocado-based spread and the other, I think, was a black bean spread--neither of them were overly flavorful, but both were relatively light and fresh.**My Faves Here:  Sea Salt & Rosemary Bread with the [Black Bean] Spread2.)  Next was salad: You can choose a Caesar salad or a pickier/plane salad (but the plane salad will take extra time to make because the servers prep the salads themselves--so it was explained to us, anyhow).The Caesar was good!  The anchovies are diced into the dressing, but you can barely recognize them if you're not a fan of anchovies and are worried about that.I honestly wouldn't have even known they were in there, had I not asked!**My Faves Here: Go for the Ceasar; it was great!3.)  For an appetizer (this is a weird choice, but I'm happy we did it), we got the "Chef's Vegetarian Sampler".  This included a delicious, and lightly spicy, Barley Risotto, some Sauteed Spinach, and some type of [fried] Potato dish.  It was very good!**My Faves Here:  The Potatoes were pretty addicting!**Least Faves Here:  The sauteed spinach--very garlicy!4.)  I ended up choosing "Lidia's Pasta Tasting Trio"--and I would recommend that to others who find themselves torn between several things.Here's how this works...There are 3 pastas "of the day".The servers bring around large bowls of all three types of pasta and places all three types on your plate for you to try.One you've sampled all three, its "all you can eat" of your faves.They'll ask you what types you'd like more of and give you more.Not a bad deal!The day that I went, all three were pretty good.One had a spicy, red sauce and wide noodles.Another had an olive oil based sauce and had Orecchiette pasta.The last one was the one that I could have eaten allllllll day!It was simple, but amazing!Goat Cheese filled Ravioli with a Butter and Thyme sauce!  Ugh... to die for!Let me tell you about this ravioli!They were not "doughey" at all; they were perfect!Very thin pasta, but none were broken!Delicate and perfectly filled with the most amazing cheese.The butter/thyme sauce wasn't the least bit overwhelming!It was the perfect compliment to this dish!...just thinking about it makes me want to go back to Lidia's NOW!**My Faves Here:  OBVIOUSLY the Goat Cheese Ravioli!**My Least Fave:  The Orcchiette dish.  It wasn't "bad", it was just "meh".5.)  Oh, yes... there WAS dessert, too!  ;)(don't judge me!  lots of folks have dessert at lunch-time!)  ;)I enjoyed the Tiramisu!Now, some people like it when the lady fingers in Tiramisu are very Rummy tasting, but I am not a fan of too much of that!This was perfect and delicious!I would def recommend it!All in all... Lidia's = WIN!PROS:  Delicious;Pre-bus galore!CONS:Parking (but you can park in the "dust bowl" across the street.Located in the stripPretty busy on the weekends!
<review# 1198,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/20/2012,4/5/2012,65,131,,6,1>Commonplace is a great coffee shop on a warm day, especially if you can snag one of the tables right out on Forbes. Inside is pretty cool too. There is a decent amount of seating under local art work. I don't know if the artwork changes, I'm sure it does, but right now there is a cool mural thing made out of blue painters tape. I really dig it.The coffee here is really strong too. Strong with bold flavors and not watered down at all. If you are looking for a caffeine buzz then Commonplace is your place. To top it off the employees are all really nice too. Prices are a little more expensive than nearby coffee joints, but is worth it if you are looking for quality.
<review# 1199,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/4/2012,8/29/2012,152,84,3,3,3>Thursday night - girls dinner - where to go? Luckily I had just grabbed the City Paper's Dining Guide and I realized there are a lot of places in the city I haven't been yet - although it feels like I've been to all of them! We had a place picked out, but because the weather was so beautiful yesterday, we decided to switch gears and find a place where we could sit outside and enjoy the nice evening.I found The Porch at Schenley and it was a perfect spot! I can't believe I hadn't been here yet!! We sat out on 'the porch' and the atmosphere was great - people everywhere - and you were able to people watch in Schenley Plaza. It's such a great laid back place. The food was also amazing. I had an Almost Arnie - which was limoncello, iced tea and mint. It was so good and refreshing - not too heavy. We ordered the rustic bread salad which was deelish - a free iron skillet corn bread that I received a coupon for in my email - and that was amazing, and then I had the Garden Vegetable burger. It was served with a side of potatoes. Everything was above average for sure. I can't wait to go back! It would be a great place for just drinks and appetizers too!
<review# 1200,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/23/2012,8/28/2012,43,178,4,7,4>I can't believe all this time I did not write a review for Té Cafe. Since I came to Pittsburgh 4 years ago, this place has been my favorite location for some serious work. Hmmm, maybe I didn't write the review because subconsciously I wanted to keep this little gem all to myself. They have an extended selection of teas though I usually just go for the easy option: the tea of the day. I've gotten their yerba mate every once in a while and I like that they tell you to properly time it at 5 minutes. Nowadays they make smoothies too though I personally haven't tried them (it's nice and quiet without the constant blender buzz). For snacks you can go with the grilled cheese sandwiches or some of the regular coffe shop sweets. Sometimes I complain about the lack of options in the snack department but I have to admit it seems wise to keep the food choices simple, after all you have more than 50 teas to chose from.If you're looking for a mellow place to work (with comfy chairs) and few people mostly working at their computers or reading their ipads this is the place for you. Side warning:  I love the comfy chair and I'll give you mean stares if you happen to occupy it :)
<review# 1201,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/23/2012,8/27/2012,143,349,2,5,6>What can I say about you Olive - you're my staple, my default, but not in a bad way.  I know during those indecisive evenings which taunt me, I can always turn to you for comfort, good atmosphere, delectable food and a tasty drink.While you're not always top of mind with the emerging bar/restaurant scene in the area, I do remember you often and stop by occasionally.  You are my go-to for happy hours that bring large groups of friends together with varying tastes.  B/c that's just who you are Olive...you appeal to the masses and don't just belong to me.You make a killer martini and know how to attract the young professional community in the region.  What about Twist - well he brings that second wind after a long work week, the spark at the end of the night and makes you think, "who knows where this night will take me".  You make a perfect pair!  I'm glad we've become such close friends and you both always welcome me with open arms even when it's been a while.
<review# 1202,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/29/2012,8/26/2012,24,53,9,4,4>Survival Guide/ Review9 years of living on the North side and somehow I had never been to the Aviary. How does one not do that? It seems time had flown by...Flash forward...pssshhhhuuu (Flash forward noise) There I am surrounded by families with their kids feeling rather old for the (bird watching on easy mode) Aviary, but alas I was excited to be there. Every room is different, a gumball machine of different selections. There are a few rooms that the employee's use to unleash live birds onto you as proposed meals for the day. Make sure you bring something to keep them away. A cricket bat seems to work efficiently. There is even a room where the ceiling rains to recreate a wetlands area. What's really going on here is that they are using the water to distract you so the flamingos can move in closer into striking distance. Again, a cricket bat works well. At first I was in awe of the different rooms due to the large differences in each one but soon I realized this was just a ploy to confuse you. Keep this in mind while you make your way through there. Now hear me out here, there is a bird there...beware of this bird. is called the Rhinoceros Hornbill. This bird is a bit larger than a full grown man and has a roar of a raptor. I am fully sure that this is a bird that will escape eventually. If the documentary called Jurassic Park has taught us anything it is that you can't cage giant creatures that feed on the bones of men.If you do make it through all the rooms, there is a session where they feed the Penguins, they use fish to do so and the kids seem to really love it. The people there are all very informative and honestly really do try to make the people have a great experience. I highlighted the fact that they use fish because frankly I think this is just a gateway drug to using humans. It's just a matter of time guys...just a matter of time. Don't forget your cricket bat.
<review# 1203,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/24/2012,8/25/2012,23,38,,7,3>Food: Eden specializes in raw gluten-free vegan food, setting in apart from almost all restaurants in Pittsburgh.  The menu consists of raw vegan appetizers, raw vegan entrees, prepared vegan entrees, and raw vegan desserts.  When they say raw vegan, they mean it.  These are uncooked vegetables with no dairy or animal products whatsoever.  However, upon request, they will accommodate carnivores with free range organic chicken added to a meal.  We ordered a soup, one entree, (the tempeh mole) and the sampler.  The soup was carrot based, cold, and was a special item for that evening.  Although the waiter warned us that it was 'mild,' it was loaded with flavor and delicious.  The mole was from the prepared menu and comes with the option of tortillas on the side, which we recommend.  It was flavorful but not too spicy.  The sampler comes with small portions of all three appetizers, all three raw unprepared entrees, and all three desserts.  Everything we were served was delicious and loaded with flavor.  Despite being vegetarians for years, there were items on the sampler that we had never tried at a restaurant, like 'steak and potatoes' that was actually dehydrated mushrooms and creamed cauliflower, and 'french fries' which were uncooked dehydrated cabbage.  The best items we tried were the beet ravioli, the marinated veggie pizza, the zucchini pasta, and the banana pie dessert.  The menu changes seasonally and there are daily specials.  This is one of the most unique menus in Pittsburgh.  Vegetarians and vegans will be in paradise, and their adventurous carnivore friends will too (and there is chicken if they aren't keen on veggies).Price: Appetizers are $5-6, entrees are $8-13, and desserts are $5-7.  Their extensive drink menu ranges from $2-7 depending on whether you are getting a shot, juice, or smoothie.  As mentioned above, two of us shared the sampler and a regular entree.  We were still a bit hungry after dinner.  If you plan to order the sampler to try everything (which I recommend), I would also order one entree per person because the samples are very small (1-2 bites).  The entrees aren't huge, so you will be able to finish one per person and the sampler, and you will be glad you ordered it.  The prices are fair.  The portion sizes aren't huge, but the quality and variety of the ingredients is impressive.Drinks: Eden is BYOB with no corkage fee.  They also have a crazy-huge list of homemade juices, smoothies, and other healthy cocktails.  Most drinks come with some type of super-food in them, and they are all delicious.  They're a bit pricey, but loaded with combinations of ingredients you would never put together at home.Atmosphere: There is both indoor and outdoor seating.  We did not make a reservation and got a table on a Friday night, but by the time we left, it was very busy and there was a wait for a table.  The outdoor patio is separated by a fence from the Girasole patio.  There are large and small tables.Service: Both the manager and our waiter stopped at our table many times throughout the course of our meal.  Our waiter explained every menu item extensively and thoroughly so that we not only knew what was in each plate, but exactly what combinations of flavors to anticipate tasting.  They refilled our water often, answered all of our questions, and brought the check quickly.  The service was excellent.  They both explained that they are always trying to develop new menu items and appreciate customer feedback.(+): delicious and healthy food, exotic foods and drinks, helpful and friendly staff, great concept(-): a bit pricey relative to the serving sizes at other restaurants (likely due to quality of ingredients)Would I go back again? Without question, both for food and juices/smoothies, to get more of what we have already tasted, and to taste the new menu each season.
<review# 1204,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/29/2012,8/24/2012,290,116,6,5,4>I came here once but didn't go in because my friend persuaded me to try another restaurant. "Big mistake, Big, Huge"Today my office got take out and we ordered from the Smiling Banana. Great menu selection all my favorites were there Pumpkin Curry, Pineapple Curry, Spicy Green bean...on and on I want to try everything on the menu. I had given up on finding a Pad Thai that I liked in the burgh; one of the girls who is a Thai Nazi said I should give it a try! Here is my review. I had the Veggie Pad Thai heat #3. I was slammed at work so had one taste, ran out of the room, turned around came back in. Took 2 big bites and "mmmm'ed"  Left the room to tell the girl that she was right. Best Pad Thai I have had in forever, or whatever I mumbled. Back into the room for one last bite. Worked for a couple hours busy. Had most of it left and thought it would be dinner. By the time 4pm rolled around my Pad Thai was finito and I want to order more tomorrow. Scratch that...right now!
<review# 1205,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/11/2012,8/23/2012,41,161,4,9,9>People! Are we not going here? Why aren't we going here? We should totally totally all be wining, charcuterie-and-cheese dining.AWM still looks closed but it is, in fact, up and running. Walk on in and take a seat at the lovely (Lawrenceville-made! With purse hooks! Why do so many places forget purse hooks?) bar, or grab one of the porcelain-top sort of 1950s style tables. Or the comfy couch. Enjoy the paint-by-numbers art that somehow makes me miss the Museum of Bad Art in MA, although the AWM paintings are quite charming. The space has an intimate and welcoming feel that is furthered by the incredibly friendly service and chatty patrons.And if you don't want wine, that's cool. Bourbon? Rum? Vodka? Fernet Branca (yes!)? Actually, I am still waiting to find Branca Menta for sale somewhere in PA so I can finally try it, and if it were to happen, I sort of think this might be the place for it. So, all the liquors in a small array of brands. And the attendant cocktails. And beer if you like it!A daily wine special at $4-5 + a selection from the meats ($4) and a selection from the cheese ($4) and you have a pretty great little meal. Many of the (food) items are local, and the meats and cheeses come on a board with a mix of accompaniments -- caper berries and pickled watermelon rind are a big hooray --and a lot of bread.Really. Wednesday-Sunday 5pm to at least midnight. You maybe want to give it a try. And apparently, if you happen to be going to Cure and forget to BYO, you can pop on by AWM and get a go-bottle. Not bad, huh?
<review# 1206,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/26/2012,8/22/2012,183,180,,5,4>There's a new HOT spot for dining, drinks and clubbing in The Strip?!  YES there is!  Emilia Romagna opened just last night - there were more than a few of us to welcome ER to the Strip with open arms!  A group of us sat around the enormous bar and enjoyed a couple of well-crafted cocktails, a beer or two for a couple of us and a dizzying array of not-your-typical bar food.First, the drinks.  I first sampled an Ultra L that was chocolatey yet light - white chocolate liquor, fresh lemon juice, gin, avocado (makes it smoooooooth!) and Aztec chocolate bitters (just a few of the ingredients)...absolutely delightful!  A friend had the Dirty Blonde which incorporated vodka, olive brine, pineapple and jalapeno and garnished with bleu cheese stuffed olives....only for those who love a really dirty martini....we started calling it the Filthy Blonde! A rosemary lemondrop using rosemary-infused vodka AND rosemary simple syrup with crisp and refreshing!Next, the FOOD!  Do NOT MISS the fried cheese!  Browned and crisp on the outside - not breaded to achieve the crispiness, no, pan seared and browned!  It was topped with arugula, shavings of parm and truffle oil.  It was my favorite bar snack of the night!  The crispy polenta cakes were good, too...maybe needed some shavings of parm and/or a little side of marinara to dip....but still quite nice.  I wasn't able to sample the pasta and meatballs, but my companions RAVED!  Fresh, homemade pasta, mind you!  They also order a pizza with house-made mozzarella and fresh basil...they loved it...especially the mozz.  And they have a sushi bar, too!  Imagine that.  Another of our dining companions enjoyed a sushi selection that even included a quail egg...it was gorgeous.I can't give a complete review for a couple of reasons.  1. The upstairs club area will open the weekend after the 4th of July - I hear great things...including having a see-through floor! 2. The outside Sand Bar that will have SAND and tropical surroundings, steel drums and tropical drinks isn't yet open either...it, too, will open the weekend after the 4th.  3.  I NEED to get there for dinner SOON!  Prime steaks and pasta and seafood abound on the menu!  I spoke with the chef who says their gnocchi is gluten-free!!!!!!  I can't wait!  As soon as I get back when the Sand Bar opens, I'll update the review here.  In the meantime, get your butts over to the Strip District and enjoy an evening of drinks and dining at Emilia Romagna...oh!  I forgot!  The bar has one kickass DJ and sound system, too!  GO!!!!!!!
<review# 1207,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/9/2012,8/21/2012,22,109,1,3,3>We were looking for a wing place and based on the reviews, we gave this place a try.  The reviews didn't lie.  The wings are awesome.  Crispy and juicy, just the way I like them.  I tried the garlic parm wings and my boyfriend had the buffalo and cajun dry wings.  We also had the fresh cut fries with cheese.  All was delicious and because the Pirates were playing the wings were $0.44 each.  I will also note that their wing night is Wednesday.  The bar is very nice and they have a lot of tv's to watch sports.  The only downfall is parking.  There is some construction next door and I am hoping it's for a parking lot.  Regardless, I will be back.
<review# 1208,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/14/2012,8/20/2012,53,37,3,14,1>Went for my weekly sushi fix to Chaya, only to find it closed for the week. A disappointed Ramee and friend frantically Yelp a sushi joint within a reasonable distance. Ginza was destiny. We were quickly seated and served by an upbeat waitress whose sole purpose in life, it seemed, was to refill my water. I liked that. A $2.25 house salad (with the usual ginger-y dressing) is enormous. While not as flavorful as that which crowns the puny pile of greens at Chaya, the dressing was acceptable, even if it was more mayo than ginger. Many sushi restaurants, I've found, skimp out on the fish and wrap their rolls with heaping layers of rice to cut costs. Ginza is no such place. The sushi is wonderful--rationed just the way I like it, with a generous helping of quality fish, a thick chunk of avocado, and a delicate layer of rice. (It's not on the menu, but they can make a Yellowtail/Avocado roll if you ask..) .:. Ginza warrants a repeat visit, which is quite the compliment from this sushi aficionado.
